The Storyteller. THE BATTLE OF DORKING. REMINISCENCES OF A VOLUNTEER. THE interest excited by the article published under the above heading in the May number of Blackwood's Magazine has induced us to select from it the more salient passages. The article is generally attributed to the pen of Colonel Hamley, whose " Operations of War Explained and Illustrated," which he gave to the world •boat five years ago, proved his thorough ac quaintance with the theory and practice of the art of warfare; and it is this apecial knowledge which lends so much vraisemblance to the fictitious narrative here subjoined, since it has enabled him to describe with complete accuracy not only what might, but what, under certain conditions, inevitably would happen, supposing the preliminary circumstances to have come to pass in the manner indicated. The narrator of the story aits down A.D. 1925, to recite to his grandchildren the events which culminated in the Battle of Dorking, and the particulars of that decisive engagement, which occurred fifty years previously. After briefly sketching the wealthy and prosperous condition of Great Britain just before the German inva sion, be proceeds to define the cause of the defenceless condition of the mother country. HOW THB CRASH CAMS ABOUT. First, the rising in India drew away a part of oar small army ; then came the difficulty with America, which had been threatening for years, and we sent off 10,000 men to defend Canada— a handful which did not go far to strengthen the real defences of that country, but formed an irresistible temptation to the Americans to try and take them prisoners, especially as the con tingent included three battalions of the Guards. Thus the regular army at home was even ■mailer than usual, and nearly half of it was in Ireland, to check the talked-of Fenian invasion fitting out in the west. Worse still—though I do not know it would really have mattered as things turned out —the Beat was scattered abroad, some ships to guard the West Indies, others to check privateering in the China seas, and a large part to try and protect oar colonies on the Northern Pacific shore of America, where, with incredible folly, we continued to retain possessions which we could not possibly defend. America was not the great power forty years ago that it is now, but for us to try and hold territory on her shores which could only be reached by sailing round the Horn, was as absurd as if she had attempted to take the Iblo of Man before the independence of Ireland. We see this plainly enough now, but we were all blind then. It was while we were in this state, with our ships all over the world, and our little bit of an army cut up into detachments, that the Secret Treaty was published, and Holland and Denmark were annexed. People say now that we might have escaped the troubles which came npon us if we had at any rate kept quiet till our other difficulties were settled; but the British were always an impulsive lot; the whole country was boiling over with indignation, and the Govern ment, egged on by the press, and going with the stream, declared war. We had always got out of scrapes before, and we believed our old luck and pluck would somehow pull us through. Then, of course, there was bustle and' hurry all over the land. Not that the calling up of the army reserves caused much stir, for I think there were only about 5000 altogether, and a good many of these were not to be found when the time came; but recruiting was going on all over the country, with a tremendous high bounty, 50,000 more men having been voted for the army. Then there was a Ballot Bill passed for adding 55,003 men to the militia; why a round number was not fixed on I don't know, bat the Prime Minister said that this was the exact quota wanted to put the defences of the country on a sound footing. Then the ship building that began! Iron-clads, despatch- . boats, gunboats, monitors, —every building yard in the country got its job, and they were offering 10s. a-day wages for anybody who could drive a rivet. This didn't improve the recruit ing, you may suppose. 1^ remember, too, there was a squabble in the House of Commons about whether artisans should be drawn for the ballot, I as they were much wanted, and I think they got j an exemption. This sent numbers to the yards, and if we had had a couple of years to prepare instead of a couple of weeks, I daresay we should j have done very well. It was on a Monday that the declaration of war waß announced, and in a few hours we got oar first inkling of the sort of preparation the enemy had made for the event whioh they had really | brought about, although the actual declaration was made by us. A pious appeal to the God of battles, whom it is said we had aroused, was telegraphed back; and from that moment all communication with the north of Europe was | cut off. Our embassies and legations were packed off at an hour's notice, and it was as if we had suddenly come back to the middle agn. The dumb astonishment visible all over London the next morning, when the papers cam* oat yoid of news, merely hinting at what had happened, was one of the most startling things in this war of surprises. But everything had been arranged beforehand; nor ought we to have been surprised, for we had Been the same power, only a few months before, move down half a million of men on a few days notice, to conquer the greatest military nation in Europe, with no more fuss than our War Office used to make over the transport of a brigade from Aldershot to Brighton,—and this, too, without the allies it had now. What happened now was not a bit more wonderful in reality; but people of this country could not bring them selves to believe that what had never occurred before to England could ever possibly happen, lake our neighbors, we became wise when it was too late. Meanwhile, the best part of the fleet had been decoyed down to the Dardanelles, and what remained of the Channel squadron was looking after Fenian filibusters off the west of Ireland. Consequently what remained was inadequate to cope with the enemy, and thus it came to pass that we sustained A GBEAT NATAL DEFEAT. I had just come up to town by train as usual, and was walking to my office, when the news boys began to cry, " New edition—the enemy's fleet in eight!" You may imagine the scene in London! Business still went on at the bunks, for bills matured although the independence of the country was being fought out under her own eyes, so to say ; and the speculators were active enough. But even with the peoplo who were making and losing their fortunes, the interest in the fleet overcame everything else; men who weut to pay in or draw out their money stopped to show the last bulletin to the cashier. As for the street, you could hardly get along for the crowd stopping to buy and read the papers ; while at every house or office the member* sat restlessly in the common room, as if to keep together for company, sending out some of their number every few minutes to get the latest edition. At least, this is what happened at our office; but to sit still was as impossible as to do anything, and moat of us went out and wandered about among tho crowd, under a sort of feoiiug that the news was quicker got ut ia this way. Bad ! as the times were coming, I think the sickening ' suspense of that day, and the shock which fol lowed, was almost the worst that we underwent. It was about 10 o'clock that the first telegram came; an hour later the wire announced that the admiral had signalled to form Hue of battle, and ehortly after that the order was given to bear down on the enemy and engage. At 12 came the announcement, " Fleet opened fire about thr«?e milea to leeward of us " —that is, the ship with the cable. So far all had been expec tancy ; then came the first token of calamity. "An ironclad has been blown up" —" the enemy's torpedoes are doing great damage " — " the flagship is laid aboard the enemy " —" the flagship appears to be sinking"—"the vice admiral bus signalled" —then the cable became silent, and, as you know, we heard no more till two days afterwards. The solitary ironclad which escaped the disaster steamed into Ports mouth. Then the whole story came out—how our sailors, gallant aB ever, had tried to close with the enemy ; how the latter had evaded the conflict at close quarters, and, sheering off, left behind them the fatal engines which sent oar ships, one after the other, to the bottom ; how all this happened almost in a few minutes. The Government, it appears, had received warning of this invention ; but to the nation this stun sing blow was utterly unexpected. , ASPECT OF THE CITY. I ran ofi as hard as I could for Westminster bridge, and co to the Waterloo 8 sat ion. I The place had quite changed its aspect since the morning. The regular service of trains had i ceased, and the Btation and approaches were full of troops, among them the guards and artillery. Everything was Tery orderly; the men had piled arms and were standing about in ; groups. There was no sign of high spirits or enthusiasm. Matters had become too serious. Every man's face reflected the general feeling that we had neglected the warnings given us, and that now the danger so long derided as im possible and absurd had really come and found ua unprepared. But the soldiers, if grave, looked determined, like men who meant to do their duty whatever might happen. A train full of guardsmen was just starting for Guild ford. I was told it would stop at Surbiton, and with several other volunteers, hurrying like myself to join our regiment, got a place in it. We did not arrive a moment too soon, for the regiment was marching from Kingston down to the station. The destination of oar brigade was the east coast. Empty carriages were drawn up in the siding, and our regiment was to go first. A large crowd was assembled to see it off, including the recruits who bad joined during the last fortnight, and who formed by far the largest jpart of our strength. They were ti Btay behind, and were certainly very much in the way already; for as all the officers and ser geants belonged to the active part, there was no one to keep discipline among them, and they came crowding around us, breaking the ranks and making it difficult to get into the train. Here I saw our new brigadier for the first time. He was a soldier-like man, and no doubt knew his duty, but he appeared new to volunteers, and did not seem to know how to deal with gentlemen privates. I wanted very much to run home and get my greatcoat and knapsack, which I had bought a few days ago, but feared to be left behind j a good-natured recruit volunteered to fetch them for me, but he had not returned before we started, and I began the campaign with a kit consisting of a mackintosh and a small pouch of tobacco. It was a tremendous squeeze iv the train; for besides the ten men sitting down, there were three or four standing up in every compartment, and the afternoon was close and sultry, and there were so many stoppages on the way that we took nearly an hour and a half crawling up to Waterloo. It was between 5 and 6in the after noon when we arrived there, and it was nearly 7 before we marched up to the Shoreditch station. The whole place was filled up with stores and ammunition, to be sent off to the East, so we piled arms in the street and scattered about to get food and drink, of which most of us stood in need, especially the latter, for some were al ready feeling the worse for the heat and crush. I was just stepping into a public- house with Travers, when who should drive up but his pretty wife! Most of our friends had paid their adieui at the Surbiton station, but she had driven up by the road in his brougham, bringing their little boy to have a last look at papa. She had also brought his knapßack and great-coat, and, what was still more acceptable, a basket containing fowls, tongue, bread-and-butter, and biscuits, and a couple of bottles of claret, which priceless luxuries they insisted on my sharing. Meanwhile the hours went on. The 4th Sur rey Militia, which had marched all the way from Kingston, had come up, as well as the other volunteer corps; the station had been partly cleared of the stores that encumbered it; some artillery, two militia regiments, and a battalion of the line, had been dispatched, and our turn to start had come, and long lines of carriages were drawn up ready for us, but Btill we re mained in the street. You may fancy the scene. The J*^jeemed to be as many people as ever in the*piace, and we could hardly move for the crowds of spectators—fellows hawking fruits and volunteers' comforts, newsboys, and so forth, to. »»y nothing of the cabs and omnibuses; while orderlies and staff-officers were constantly riding up with messages. A good many of the militia men, and some of our people, too, had taken more than enough to drink; perhaps a hot sun had told on empty stomachs, anyhow they be came very noisy, The din, dirt, and heat, were indescribable. So the evening wore on, and all the information our officers could get from the brigadier, who appeared to be acting under an other general, was, that orders had come to •tand fast for the present. I By this time, and while the volunteers were «» route for Dorking, news reached them that the enemy had landed in force at Worthing. All was confusion and disorder, and in two days tpe invaders had got more than 20 miles inland, and nothing effectual had been done to stop r ; hem. TOLTJNTBBB CAMPAIGKIITG. We had Bcarcely reached the hill above the town, which we were told was to be our bivouac for the night, when the welcome news came that a food-train had arrived &t; the station, but there were no carts to bring the things up, so a fatigue party went down and carried back a supply to us in their arms—loaves, a barrel of rum, packets of tea, and joints of meat—abundance for all; but there was not a kettle or a cooking-pot in : the regiment, and we could not eat the meat raw. The colonel and officers were no better off. They had arranged to have a regular mess, with crockery, steward, and all complete, but the es tablishment never turned up, and what had be come of it no one knew. Some of us were sent back into the town to see what we could get in the way of cooking utensils. We found the street full of artillery, baggage-waggons, and mounted officers, and volunteers shopping like ourselves; and all the houses appeared to be oc , cupied by troops. We succeeded in getting a few kettles and saucepans, and I obtained for myself a leather bag, with a strap to go over the shoulder, which proved very handy afterwards ; and thus laden, we trudged back to our camp on the hill, filling the kettles with dirty water I from a little stream which runs between the hill and the town, for there was none to be had ' above. It was nearly a coupl| of miles each : way, and, exhausted as we were from want of j rest, we were almost too tired to eat. The cook i ing was of the roughest, as you may suppose; i all we could do was to cut off glicea of the meat I and boil them in the saucepans, using our finders ; lor forks. The tea, hosjrever, was very refreshing, i and, thirsty as we were, we drank it by the gal lon. Just before it grew dark, the brigade-major ! came round, and, with the adjutant, showed our i colonel how to set a picket in advance of our j line a little way down the face of the hill. It was not necessary to place one, I suppose, be j cause the town in our front was still occupiod ! with troops, but no doubt the practice would be '■ useful. We had also a quarter-guard, and a line i of Bentries in front and rear of our line, com | municatiog with those of the regiments on our i flanks. Firewood was plentiful, for thd hill was i covered with beautiful wood, but it took aouie j time to collect it, for we had nothing but our pocket-knives to cut down the branches with. So we lay down to sleep. My company had no duty, aud we had the night undisturbed to ourselves, but, tired though I was, the excite ment und the novelty of the situation made sleep difficult. And although the night was still aud warm, and we were sheltered by the 1 woods, I soon found it chilly with no better 1 covering than my thia dust-coat, the more so as j my clotlies, saturated with perspiration during I the day, had never dried; and before morning I ! woke from a short nap Bhivering with cold, and was glad to get warm with others by a fire. I then noticed that the opposite hills on the south were dotted with fires, and we thought at first ■ they must belong to the enemy, but we were ; told that the ground up there was still held by , a strong rear-guurd of regulars, and that there j need be no fear of a surprise. ! THE SCENE OF OPEBATIOXS. j At the first sign of dawn, the bugles of the ', regiments sounded the receille, and we were | ordered to fall in, and the roll was called. | About 20 meu were absent who had fallen out | sick tha day before ; they had been sent up to London by train during the night, I believe. After standing in column for about half an hour, the brigade-major came down with orders to pile arms aud stand easy, and perhaps half an hour afterwards we were told to get breakfast as quickly as possible, and cook a day's food at the same time. This operation was managed pretty much in the same way as the evening before, ex- I cept that we had our cooking pots and kettles ready. Meantime there was leisure to look around, and from where we stood there was a commanding view of one of the most beautiful scenes in England. Our regiment was drawn up on the extremity of the ridge which runs from Guildford to Dorking. This is indeed merely a 1 part of the great chalk-range which extends from beyond Alderebot east to the Medway, bat there is a gap in the ridge just here where the ; little stream that runs past Dorking turns sud denly to the north, to find its way to the Thames. ' We stood on the slope of the hill, aB it trends I down eastward towards this gap, and had passed ' onr bivouac in what had appeared to be a gen* tleman's park. A little way above us, and to our right, was a very fine country seat to which i the park was attached, now occupied by the head quarters of our division. From this house* the hill sloped steeply down southward to the , valley below, which runs nearly east and west ; parallel to the ridge, and carries the railway and ! the road from Guildford to Reigate, and in , which valley, immediately in front of the chateau, ! and perhaps a mile and a half distant from it, j was the little town of Dorking, nestled in the i trees, and rising up the foot of the slopes on the | other side of the valley which stretched east ward nearly to our proper front, culminating in a small railway station, from which the grassy siopes of the park rose up dotted with shrubs and trees to where we were standing. Bound this railway Btation was a cluster of villas and one or two mills, of whose gardens we thus bad a bird's-eye view, their little ornamental ponds glistening like looking-glasses in the morning I sun. Immediately on our left the park sloped steeply down to the gap before mentioned, through which ran the little stream, as well as the railway from Epsom to Brighton, nearly due north and south, meeting the Guildford and Reigate line at right angles. Close to the point of intersection and the little station already mentioned, was the fetation of the former line where we had stopped the day before. Beyond the gap on the east (our left), and in continua tion of our ridge, rose the chalk-hill again. The shoulder of this ridge overlooking the gap is calbd Box Hill, from the shrubbery of box-wood with which it was covered. Its sides were very steep, and the top of the ridge was covered with troops. The natural strength of our position was manifested at a glance ; a high grassy ridge steep to the south, with a stream in front, and but little cover up the sides. It seemed made for a battlefield. The weak point was the gap ; the ground at the junction of the railways and the roads immediately at the entrance of the gap formed a little valley, dotted, as I have said, with buildings and gardens. This, in one sense, was the key of the position; for although it would not be tenable while we held the ridge commanding it, the enemy by carrying this point and advancing through the gap would cut our line in two^, But you must not suppose I scanned the ground tnuB crilically at the time. Anybody indeed mfght have been struck with the natural a!vantr*£ es °* our position; but what, as I reLnnuber, most impressed me was, the peaceful beauty of the scene the little town with the outline of the houses ob scured by a blue mist, the massive crispness of the foliage, the outlines of the great trees, lighted up by the sun, and relieved by deep blue shade. So thick was the timber here, rising up the southern slopes of the valley, that it looked almost as if it might have been a primeval forest. The quiet of the scene was more impressive be cause contrasted in the mind with the scenes we expected to follow; and I can remember, as if it were yesterday, the sensation of bitter regret that it should now be too late to avert this com ing desecration of our country, which might so easily have been prevented. A little firmness, a little prevision on the part of our rulers, even a little common sense, and this great calamity would have been rendered utterly impossible. Too late, alas! We were like the foolish virgins in the parable. THB BATTLE OF DORKINGK A tremendous thunderstorm, whioh had been gathering all day, burst on us, and a torrent of almost blinding rain came down, whioh obscured the view even more than the smoke, while the crashing of the thunder and the glare of the lightning could be heard and seen even above the roar and flashing of the artillery. Once the mist lifted, and I saw for a minute an attack on Box Hill, on the other side of the gap on our left. It was like the scene at a theatre—a cur tain of smoke all round and a clear gap in the centre, with a sudden gleam of evening sunshine lighting it up. The steep smooth slope of the hill was crowded with the dark-blue figures of the enemy, whom I now saw for the first time— an irregular outline in front, but very solid in rear; the whole body was moving forward by fits and starts, the men firing and advancing, the officers waving their swords, the columns closing up and gradually making way. Our people were almost concealed by the bushes at the top, whence the smoke and their fire could be seen proceeding: presently from these bushes on the crest came out a red line, and dashed down the brow of the hill, a flame of fire belching out from the front as it advanced. The enemy hesi tated, gave way, and finally ran baok in a con fused crowd down the hill. Then the mist covered the scene, but the glimpse of this splendid charge was inspiriting, and I hoped we should show the same coolness when it came to ! our turn. It was about this time that our skir- I mishers fell back, a good many wounded, some j limping along by themselves, others helped. The main body retired in very fair order, halt ing to turn round and fire; we could see a mounted officer of the Guards riding up and down encouraging them to be steady. Now came Our turn. For a few minutes we saw no thing, bnt a rattle of bullets came through the rain and mist, mostly, however, passing over the ] bank. We began to fire in reply, stepping up j against the bank to fire, and stooping down to ■ load; but our brigade-major rode up with an order, and the word was passed through the men to reserve our fire. In a very few moments it i must have been that, when ordered to stand, we : could see the helmet-spikes and then the figures of the skirmishers as they came on: a lot of them there appeared to be, five or six deep I should say, but in loose order, each man stop . ping to aim and fire, and then coming forward i a little. Ju3t then the brigadier clattered on , horseback up the lane. " Now, then, gentlemen, ; give it them hot," he cried; and fire away we , did, as fast as ever we were able. A perfect ■ storm of bullets seemed to be flying about us : too, and I thought each moment must be the ; last; escape seemed impossible, but I saw no > one fall, for I was too busy, and so where we j all, to look to the right or left, but loaded and fired as fast as I could. How long this went on I know not—it could not have been long ; nei . tber side could have lasted many minutes under I such a fire, but it ended by the enemy gradually I falling back, and as soon as we saw this we raised ; a tremendous shout, and some of us jumped up 1 on the bank to give them our parting shots. j Suddenly the order was passed down the line to cease firing, and we soon discovered the cause j . a battalion of the Guards was charging obliquely i across from our left across our front. It was, I [ expect, their flank attack as much as our fire , which had turned back the enemy ; and it was a ; splendid eight to see their steady line as they : advanced slowly across the smooth lawn below us, firing as they went, but as steady as if on parade. We felt a great elation at this moment; it seemed as if the battle was won. Just then somebody called out to look to the wounded, and I for the first time I turned to glance down the | rank along the lane. Then I saw we had not I beaten back the attack without loss. Imuae* 1 diatcly before me lay Lawford of my office, dead I on his back from a bullet through his forehead, ; his hand fctill grasping his rifle. At every step , was some friend or acquaintance killed or wounded, and a few paces down the lane I found \ Travers, sitting with his back against the bank. A ball had gone through his lungs, and blood was coining from his mouth. Looking over the bank, I noticed for the first time the frightful ! execution our fire had created." The space in i front was thickly strewed with dead and badly ; wounded, and beyond the bodies of the fallen enemy could just be seen—for it was now getting : dusk —the bearskins and red coats of our own j gallant Guards scattered over the slope, and ! marking the line of their victorious advance. But hardly a minute could hare passed in thus looking over the field, when our brigade-major : came moving up the lane on foot (I suppose his • horse had been shot), crying, " Stand to your I amis, volunteers! they're coming on again;" i and we found ourselves a second time engaged in a hot musketry fire. How long it went on I cannot now remember, but we could distinguish clearly the thick line of skirmishers, about 60 paces off, and mounted officers among them; and we seemed to be keeping them well in check, for they were quite exposed to our fire, while we were protected nearly up to our shoulders, when —I know not how—l became sensible that some thing had gone wrong. "We are taken in flank!" called out some one ; and looking along the left, sure enough, there were dark figures jumping over the bank into the lane and firing up along our line. The volunteers in reserve, who had come down to take the place of the Guards, must have given way at this point; the enemy's skirmishers had got through our line, and turned our left flank. How the next move came about I cannot recollect, or whether it was without orders, but in a short time we found ourselves out of the lane, and drawn up in a straggling line about 30 yards in rear of it—at our end, that is, the other flank had fallen back a good deal more—and the enemy were lining the hedge, and numbers of them passing over and forming up on our side. Beyond our left a confused mass were retreating, firing as they went, followed by the advancing line of the enemy. We stood in this way for a short space, tiring at random as fast as we could. Our colo nel and major must have been shot, for there was no one to give an order, when somebody on horse back called out from behind—l think it must have been the brigadier—" Now, then, Volun teers ! give a British cheer, and go at them— charge!" and, with a Bhout, we rußhed at the enemy. Some of tbom ran, some stopped to meet us, and for a moment it was a real hand to-hand fight. I felt a sharp sting in my leg, as I drove my bayonet right through the man in front of me. I confess I shut my eyes, for I just got a glimpse of the poor wretch as he fell back, his eyes starting out of his head, and sav age though we were, the sight was almost too horrible to look at. But the struggle was over in a second, and we had cleared the ground again right up to the rear hedge of the lane. Had we gone on, I believe we might have recovered the lave too, but we were now all out of order; there was no one to say what to do ; the enemy began to line the hedge and open fire, and they were streaming past our left; and how it caae about I know not, but we found ourselves falling back toward our right rear, scarce any semblance of a line remaining, and the volunteers who had given way on our left mixed up with us, and adding to the confusion. It was now nearly dark. On the slopes whica we were retreating to was a large mass of reserves drawn up in columns. Some of the leading files of these, mistaking us for the enemy, began firing at us ; out fellows, crying out to them to stop, ran to wards their ranks, and in a few moments the whole slope of the hill bocame a scene of con fusion that I cannot attempt to describe, regi ments and detachments mixed up in hopeless disorder. Most of us, I believe, turned towards the enemy and fired away our few remaining cartridges; but it was too late to take aim, for tunately for us, or tbe guns which the enemy had brought up through the gap, and were firing point-blank, would have done more damage. As it wa», we could see little more than the bright flashes of their fire. In our confusion we had jammed up a line regiment immediately behind us, and its colonel and some staff-officers were in vain trying to make a passage for it, and their shouts to us to march to the rear and clear a road could be heard above the roar of the guns and the confused babel of eouud. At last a mounted officer pushed his way through, fol lowed by a company in sections, the men brush ing past with firm-set faces, as if on a desperate task; and the battalion, when it got clear, ap peared to deploy and advance down the slope. I have also a dim recollection of seeing the Life Guards trot past the front, and push on towards the town—a last desperate attempt to save the day—before we left the field. Our adjutant, who had got separated from our flank of the regi ment in the confusion, now oame up, and managed to lead us, or at any rate some of us, up to the crest of the hill in the rear, to re-form, as he said; but there we met a vast crowd of volunteers, militia, and waggon*, all hurrying rearward from the direction of the big house, and we were borne jn the stream for a mile at least before it was possible to stop. At last the adjutant led us to an open space a little off the line of fugitives, and there we re-formed the re mains of the companies. Telling us to halt, he rode off to try and obtain orders, and find out where tbe rest of our brigade was. From this point, a spur of high ground running off from the main plateau, we looked down through the dim twilight into the battle-field below. Artil lery fire was still going on. We could see the flashes from the guns on both sides, and now and then a stray shell came screaming up and burst near us, but we were beyond the sound of musketry. This halt first gave us time to think about what had happened. The long day of ex pectancy had been succeeded by the excitement of battle; and when each minute /nay be your last, you do not think muoh about other people, nor when you are facing another man with a rifle have you time to consider whether he or you is the invader, or that you are fighting for your home and hearths. All fighting is pretty much alike, I suspect, as to sentiment, when once it begins. But now we had time for reflec tion, and although we did not yet quite under* stand how far the day had gone against us, an uneasy feeling of self-condemnation must have oome up in the minds of most of us; while, above all, we now began to realise what the loss of this battle meant to the country. Then, too, we knew not what had become of all our wounded comrades. Beaction, too, set in after the fatigue and excitement. For myself, I had found out for the first time that besides the bayonet wound in my leg, a bullet had gone through my left arm, just below the shoulder and outside the bone. I remember feeling some thing like a blow just when we lost the lane, but tbe wound passed unnoticed till now, when tbe bleeding had stopped and the shirt was sticking to the wound. This half-hour seemed an age, and while we stood on this knoll the endless tramp of men and rumbling of carts along the downs beside us told their own tale. The whole army was falling back. At last we could discern the adjutant riding up to us out of the dark. The army was to retreat, and take up a position on Epsom Downs, he laid; we should join in the march, and try and find our brigade in tbe morning; and so we turned into the throng again, and made our way on as best we could. A few scraps of news he gave us as he rode alongside of our leading section; the army had held its position well for a time, but the enemy had at last broken through the line between us and Guildford, as well as in our front, and had poured bis men through the point gained, throwing the line into confusion, and the first army corps near Guildford were also falling back to avoid being outflanked. The regular troopß were holding the rear; we were to push on as faßt as possible to get out of their way, and allow them to make an orderly retreat in the morning. The gallant old lord commanding our corps had been badly wounded early in the day, we heard, and carried off the field. Tbe Guards had suffered dread fully ; the household cavalry had ridden down the cuirassiers, but had got into broken ground and been awfully cut up. Such were the scraps of news passed down our weary column. What had become of our wounded no one knew, and no one liked to ask. So we trudged on. It must have been midnight when we reached Leatherhead. Here we left the open ground and took to the road, and the block became greater. We pushed our way painfully along; several trains passed slowly ahead along the railway by the roadside, containing the wounded, we supposed—such of them, at least, as were lucky enough to be picked up. It was daylight when we got to Epsom. The night had been bright and clear after the storua, with a cool air, which, blowing through my soaking clothes, ! chilled me to the bone. My wounded leg was ' stiff and sore, and I was ready to drop with, cx i hauation and hunger. Nor were my comrades !in much better case; we had eaten nothing | since breakfast the day before, and the bread wo I had put by had been washed away by the storm: | only a little pulp remained at the bottom of my bag. The tobacco was all too wet to smoke. In this plight we were oreaping along, when the adjutant guided us into a field by the roadside t res awhile, and we lay down exhausted on the sloppy grass. The roll was here taken, and only 180 answered out of nearly 500 present on the morning of the battle. How many of these were killed and wounded no one could tell; but it was certain many must have got sepa rated in the confusion of the evening. While retting hew, we nw pass by, in the crowd of vehicles and men, a cart laden with commis sariat stores, driven, by a man in uniform. "Food!" cried some one, and a dozen Yolonteera jumped up and surrounded the cart. The driver tried to whip them off; but he was pulled off his seat, and the contents of the cart thrown out in an instant. They were preserved meat in tins, which we tore open with our bayo nets. The meat had been cooked before, I think; at any rate we devoured it. Shortly after this a general came by with three or four •taff officers. He stopped and spoke to our adjutant, and then rode into the field. "My lads," said he, " you shall join my division for the present: fall in, and follow the regiment that is now passing." We rose up, fell in by companies, each about twenty strong, and turned once more into the stream moving along the road ; regiments, detachments, single volun teers or militiamen, country people making off, some with bundles, some without, a few in carts, but most on foot; here and there waggons of stores, with men sitting whenever there was room, others crammed with wounded soldiers. Many blocks occurred from hones falling; or carts breacking down and filling up the road. In the town the confusion was even worse, for all the houses seemed full of volun teers and militiamen, wounded or resting, or trying to obtain food, and the streets were almost choked up. Some officers were in Tain trying to restore order, but the task seemed a hopeless one. One or two volunteer regiments which had arrived froia the north the previous night, and had been halted here for orders, were drawn up along the roadside steadily enough, and some of the retreating regiments, including ours, may hare preserved the sem blance of discipline, but for the most part the mass pushing to the rear was a mere mob. The regulars, or what remained of them, were now, I believe, all in the rear, to hold the advanoing army in check. A few officers among such a crowd could do nothing. To add to the con fusion, several houses were being emptied of the wounded brought here the night before, to prevent their falliug iato the hands of the enemy, some in carts, some being carried to the railway by men. The groans of these poor fellows as they were jostled through the street went to our hearts, selfish though fatigue and suffering had made us. At laet, following the guidance of a staff-officer who was standing to show the way, we turned off from the main London road, and took that towards Kingston. Here the crush was less, aud we managed to move along-pretty steadily. The air had been cooled by the storm, aud there was no dust. We passed through a village where our new general had seized all the public- houses, and taken possession of the liquor; and each regi ment as it came up was halted, and each man got a drink of beer, served out by companies. Whether the owners got paid, I know not, but it was like nectar. It must have been about 1 o'clock in the afternoon that we came in sight of Kingston. We had been on our legs six teen hours, and had got over about twelve miles of ground. There is a hill a little south of the Surbiton station, covered then mostly with villas, but open at the western extremity, where there was a clump of trees on the sum mit. We had diverged from the road towards this, and here the general halted us and dis posed the line of the division along his front, faoing to the south-west, the right of the line reaching down to the Thames, the left extend ing along the southern slope of the hUI, in the direction of the Epsom-road by which we had come. We werenearly in the centre, occupying the knoll just in front of the general, who dis mounted on the top, and tied his horse to a tree. It is not much of a hill, but commands an extensive view over the flat country around; and as we lay wearily on the ground we could see the Thames glistening like a silver field in the bright sunshine, the palace at Hampton Court, the bridge at Kingston, and the old church tower rising above the haze of the town, with the woods of Bichmond park behind it. To moat of us the scene could not but call up the associations of happy days of peace—days now ended and peace destroyed through national infatuation. We did not say this to each other, but a deep depression had come upon us, partly due to weakness and fatigue, no doubt, but we saw that another stand was going to be made, and we had no longer any confi denoe in ourselves. If we could not hold our own when stationary in line, on a good position, but had been broken up into a rabble at the first shock, what chance had we now of manoeuvring against a victorious enemy in this open ground ? A feeling of desperation came over us, a determination to struggle on against hope; but anxiety for the future of the country, and onr friends, and all dear to as, filled our thoughts now that we had time for reflection. We had had no news of any kind since Wood joined us the day before—we knew not what was doing in London, or what the G-overnment was about, or anything else; and exhausted though we were, we felt an intense craving to know what was happening in other parts of the country. Our general had expected to find a supply of food and amunition here, but nothing turned up. Most of us had hardly a cartridge left, so' he ordered the regiment next to us, which came from the north and had not been engaged, to give us enough to make up twenty rounds a man, and he sent off a fatigue-party to King ston to try and get provisions) while a detach ment of our fellows was allowed to go foraging among the villas in our rear; and in about an hour they brought back some bread and meat, which gave us a slender meal all round. They said most of the houses were empty, and that many had been stripped of all eatables, and a good deal damaged already. It must have been between 3 and 4 o'clock when the sound of cannonading b<?gan to be heard in the front, and we could see the smoke of the guns rising above the woods of Esher and Claremont, and soon afterwards some troops emerged from the fields below us. It was the rearguard of regular troops. There were some guns also, which were driven up the elope and took up their position round the knoll. There were three batteries, but they only counted eight guns amongst them. Behind them was posted the line ; it was a brigade apparently of four regiments, but the whole did not look to be more than eight or nine hundred men. Our regiment and another had been moved a little to the rear to make way for them, and presently we were ordered down to occupy the railway station on our right rear. My leg was now so stiff I could no longer march with the rest, and my left arm was very swollen and sore, and almost useless; but anything seemed better than being left behind, so I limped after the battallion as best I could down to the station. There was a goods-shed a little in advance of it down the line, a strong brick building, and here my com pany was posted. The rest of our men lined the wall of the enclosure. A staff-officer came with us to arrange the distribution; we should be supported by line troops, he said, and in a few minutes a train full of them came slowly up from Guildford way. It was the last; the men got out, the train passed on, and a party began to tear up the rails, while the rest were distributed among the houses on each side. A sergeant's party joined us in our shed, and an engineer officer" with sappers came to knock holes in the walls for us to fire from; but there were only half-a-dozen of them, bo progress was not very rapid, and as we had no tools we could not help. It was while we were watching this job that the adjutant, who was as active as ever, looked in, and told us to muster in the yard. The fatigue-party had come back from Kingston, and a small baker's handcart of food was made ovor to us as our share. It contained loaves, flour, and some joints of meat. The meat or flour we had not time or means to cook. The loaves we devoured; and there was a tap of water in the yard, so we felt refreshed by the meal. I should have liked to wash my wounds whick were becoming very offensive, but I dared not take off my coat, feeling sure I should not be able to get it on again. It was while we were eatiug our bread that the rumor first reached us of another disaster, even greater than that we had witnessed ourselves. Whence it came I know not; but a whisper went down the ranks that Woolwich had been captured. We all knew that it was our only arsenal, and , understood the significance of the blow. No hope, if this were true, of saving the country. Thinking over this, we went back to the shed. Although this was only our second day of war, I think we were already old soldiers bo far that we had come to be careless about fire, and the shot and shell that now began to open on us made no sensation. We felt, indeed, our need of discipline, and we saw plainly enough the slender chance of success coming out of such a rabble as we were; but I think we were all determined to fight on as long as we could. Our gallant adjutant gave his spirit to every body; and the staff-officer commanding was a very cheery fellow, and went about as if we were certain of victory. Just at the firing be gan he looked in to say that we were as safe as m a church, that we must be sore and pepper the enemy well, and that more cartridges would soon arrive. There were some steps and benches in the shed, and on theee a part of our men were standing, to fire through the upper loop-holes, while the line soldiers and others stood on the ground, guarding the second row. 1 8 at on the floor, for I could not now use%ny rifle, and besides, there were more men than loop-holes. The artillery fire which had opened now on our position wag from a longiah range; and occupation for the riflemen had uj y be 6un waen ther° was a crash in the shea, and I was knocked down by a blow on the head. I was almost stunned for a time, and could not make out what had happened. A shot or shell had hit the shed without pene trating the wall, but the blow had upset the steps resting against it, and the men standing on them, bringing down a cloud of plaster and brickbats, one of which had struck me. I felt now past being of use. I could not use my rifle, and could barely stand; and after a time I thought I would make for my own house, on the chance of finding some one still there. I got up, therefore, and staggered homewards. Musketry fire had now commenced, and out side were blazing away from the windows of the houses, and from behind walls, and from the shelter of some trucks still standing in the station. A couple of field- pieces in the yard were firing, and in the open space in rear a re serve was drawn up. There, too, was the staff-officer on horseback, watching the fight through his field-glass. I remember having still enough sense to feel that the position was a hopeless one. That straggling line of houses and gardens would surely be broken through at some point, and then the line must give way like a ropo of sand. It was about a mile to our house, and I was thinking how I could possibly drag myself so far, when I suddenly recollected that I was passing Travers' house,—one of the first of a row of villas then leading from the station to Kingston. Had he been brought home, I wondered, as his faithful old servant promised, and was his wife here ? I remember to this day the .sensation of shame I felt, when I recollected that I had not once given him— my greatest friend—a thought eince I carried him off the field the day before. But war and and suffering make meu selfish. I would go in now at any rate and rest awhile, and see if I could be of use. The little garden before the house was as trim as ever—l used to pass it every day on my way to the train, and knew every ehrub in it —and a blare of flowers, but. the hall-door stood ajar. I stepped in and saw little Arthur standing in the hall. He had been dressed as neatly as ever that day, and as he stood there in his pretty blue frock and white trousers and socks showing his chubby little leg?, with his golden locks, fair face, and large dark eyes, the picture of childish beauty, in the quiet hall, just as it used to look—the vases of flowers, the hats and coats hanging up, the familiar pictures on the walls—this vision of peace in the midst of war made me wonder for a moment, faint and giddy as I was, if the pandemonium outside had any real existence, and was not merely a hideous dream. But the roar of the guns making the house shake, and the rushing of the shot, gave a ready answer. Tbe little fellow appeared almost unconscious of the scene around him, and was walking up the stairs holding by the railing, one step at a time, as I had seen him do a hundred times before, but turned round as I came in. My appearance frightened him, and staggering as I did into the hall, my face and clothes covered with blood and dirt, I must have looked an awful object to the child, for he gave a cry and turned to run toward the basement stairs. But he stopped on hearing my voice calling him back to his god- papa, and after a while came timidly up to me. Papa has been to the battle, he said, and was very ill; mamma was with papa ; Wood was out; Lucy was in the cellar, and had taken him there, but he wanted to go to mamma. Telling him to stay in the hall for a minute till I called him, I climbed up- stairs and opened the bedroom door. My poor friend lay there, his body resting on the bed, his head sup ported on his wife's Bhoulder as ehe sat by the bedside. He breathed heavily, but the pallor of his faoe, the closed eyes, the prostrate arms, the clammy foam she was wiping from his mouth, all spoke of approaching death. The good old servant had done his duty, at least, — he had brought his master home to die in his wife's arms. The poor woman was too intent on her charge to notice the opening of the door, and as the child would be better away, I closed it gently and went down to the hall to take little Arthur to the shelter below, where the maid was hiding. Too late! He lay at the foot of the stairs on his face, his little arms stretched out, his hair dabbled in blood. I had not noticed the crash among the other noises, but a splinter of a shell must have come through the open doorway; it had carried away the back of his head. The poor child's death must have been instantaneous. I tried to lift up the little corpse with my one arm, but even this load was too much for me, and while stooping down I fainted away. On recovering his senses, the volunteer found himself in the house of his.friend Tracers and, THE BNZHT IN POBSBSSIOH. There was no gas, and the drawing-ioom door was closed ; but from the open dining-room the glimmer of a candle feebly lighted up the hall, in which half-a-dozen sleeping figures could be discerned, while the room itself was crowded with men. The table was covered with plates, glasses, and bottles; but most of the men were asleep in the chairs or on the floor, a few were smoking cigars, and one or two with their helmets on were still engaged at sapper, oc casionally grunting out an observation between the mouthfuls. "Bind wackere Soldaten, dieses Englischon Freiwilligen," said a broad shouldered brute, stuffing a great hunch of beef into his mouth with a silver fork, an implement I should think he must have been using for the first time in his life. " Ja, ja," replied a comrade, who was loll ing back in .his chair with a pair of very dirty legs on the table, and one of poor Travers' best cigars in _his month ; " Sic so gut laufen kdnnen." " Ja wohl," responded the first speaker, "aber sind nicht eben so schnell wis die Franzosis chen Mobloten." " Gowiss," grunted a hulking lout from the floor, leaning on his elbow, and sending out a cloud of smoke from his ugly jaws; " und da sind bier etvra gute Schiitzen." "Hast recht, lange Peter," answered num ber one; " wenn die Schurken so gut exerci ren wie schutzen konnten, so warcn wir heut nicht hier!" " Recht, recht! " said tbe eecond ; "das exer ciren macht den guten Soldaten." What more criticisms on the shortcomings of our unfortunate volunteers might have passed I did not stop to hear, being interrupted by a sound on the stairs. Mrs. Travers was stand ing on the landing-place; I limped up the stairs to meet her. Among the many pictures of those fatal days engraven on my memory, I re member none more clearly than the mournful as pect of my poor friend, widowed and childless within a few moments, as sho Btood there in her white dress, coming forth like a ghost from the chamber of the dead, the candle she hold light ing up her face, and contrasting its pallor with the dark hair that fell disordered around it, its beauty radiant even through features worn with fatigue and sorrow. She was calm and even tearless, though the trembling lip told of the effort to restrain the emotion she felt. " Dear friend," she said, taking my hand, " I was coming to seek you; forgive my selfishness in neglecting you so long; but you will under stand "—glancing at the door above—" how occupied 1 have been." " Where," I began, " w^-7-"my boy?" shj answered, antici pating my question. " I have laid him by his father. But now your wounds must be cared for; how pale and faint you look!— rest here a moment," —and descending to the dining-room, she returned with some wine, whioh I gratefully drank, and then, making me sit down on the top step of the stairs, she brought water and linen, and, cutting off the sleeve of my coat, bathed and bandaged my wounds. 'Twas I who felt selfish for thus adding to her troubles j but in truth I was too weak to have much will left, and stood in need of the help which she forced me to accept; and the dressing of my wounds afforded indescribable relief. While thus tend ing me, she explained in broken sentences how matters stood. Every room but her own, and I the little parlor into which rhe with Wood's | help had carried me, was full of soldiers. Wood I had been taken away to work at repairing the j railroad, and Lucy bad run off from fright; j but the cook had stopped at her post, and had , served up supper and opened the cellar for tho soldiers' use : bhe did not understand what they said, and they were rough and boorish, but not uucivil. I should now go, she said, when my , wounds were dressed, to look after my own home, where I might be wanted; for herself, she wished only to be allowed to remain watch ing there—pointing to the room whore lay the j bodies of her husband and child—where she i would net be molested. I felt that her advice was good. I could be of no use as protection, and I had an anxious longing to know what had become of my tick mother and sister; besides, j some arrangements must bo made for 4 the burial. I therefore limped away. There was no need to express thanks on either side, and tho grief was too deep to be reached by any outward i show of sympathy. | Outside the house there was a good deal of 1 movement and bustle ; many carts going along, 1 the waggoners, from Sussex nnd Surrey, cvi : dently impressed and guarded by soldiers ; and | although no gas was burning, tho road towards Kingston was well lighted with torches held by persons stmding at short intervals in line, who had been seized for the duty, some of them the | tenants of neighboring villas.. Almost the first I of these torch-, carers I came to was an old | gentleman whose face I was well acquainted with, from having frequently travelled up and down in the same train with him. He was a senior clerk in a Government office, I believe, and was a mild-looking old man with a prim face and a long neck, which he uaed to wrap in a wide double neckoloth, a thing even in those days eeldom seen. Even in that moment of bitterness I could not help being amuted by the absurd figure this poor old fellow presented, with his solemn face and long cravat, doing penance with a torch in front of his own door, to light up the path of our conquerors. But a i more serious object now presented itself, a corporal's guard passing by, with two English volunteers in charge, their hands tied behind their backs. They cast an imploring glance at me, and I stepped into the road to ask the corporal what was the matter, and even Ten tured, as he was passing on, to lay my hand on, his sleeve. "Auf dem Wege, Spitzbube!" cried the brute, lifting his rifle as if to knock me down. " Must one prisoners who fire at us let shoot," he went on to add; and shot the poor fellows would have been, I suppose, if I had not interceded with an officer who happened to be riding by. " Herr llauptmann," I cried, as loud as I could, "is thiß your discipline, to let unarmed prisoners be shot without orders P" The oflieer, thus appealed to, reined in hi* horse, and halted the guard till he heard what I had to say. My knowledge of other languages here stood me in good stead, for the prisoner!, north country faotory hands apparently, were of course utterly unable to mako themselves un derstood, and did not even know in what they had offended. I therefore interpreted their ex planation ; they had been left behind while skirmishing near Ditton, in a barn, and coming out of their hiding-place in the midst of a party of the enemy, with their rifles in their hands, the latter thought they were going to fire at them from behind. It was a wonder they were not shot down on the spot. The captain heard the tale, and then told the guard to let them go, and they slunk off at once into* a byroad. He was a fine soldier-like man, but nothing could exceed the insolence of his manner, whfch was perhaps all the greater because it seemed not intentional, but to arise from a sense of im measurable superiority. Between the lame fehitoilliger pleading for his comrades, and the captain of the conquering army, there was, in his view, an infinite gulf. Had the two men been dogs, their fate could not have been de cided more contemptuously. They were let go simply beoaose they were not worth keeping as prisoners, and perhaps to kill any living thing without cause went against the hauptmann't sense of justice. But why speak of this insult in particular ? Has not every man who lived then his tale to tell of humiliation and degra dation ? For it was the same story everywhere. After the first stand in line, and when once they had got us on the march, the enemy laughed at us. Our handful of regular troops was sacri ficed almost to a man in a vain conflict with numbers; our volunteers and militia, with officers who did not know their work, withont ammunition or equipment, or staff to superin tend, starving in the midst of plenty, we had soon become a helpless mob, fighting despe rately here and there, but with whom, as a manoeuvring army, the disciplined invaders did just what they pleased. Happy those whose bones whitened the fields of Surrey; they at least are spared the disgrace we lived to endure. THE EHPIHB IK BUINS. We had heard of generosity in war; we found none: the war was made by us, it was said, and we must take the consequences. London and our only arsenal captured, we were at the mercy of our captors, and right heavily did they tread on our necks. Need I tell you the rest ?—of the rar.som we had to pay, and the taxes raised to cover it, which keep us paupers to this day ?—the brutal frankness that announced we must give plaoe to a new naval Power and be made harmless for revenge—the victorious troops living at free quarters, the yoke they put on us made the more galling that their requisitions had a semblance of method and legality ? Better have been robbed at first hand by the soldiery themselves, than through our own magistrates made the instruments for extortion. How we lived through the degrada tion we daily and hourly underwent, I hardly now even understand. And what was there left to us to live for ? Stripped of our colonies ; Canada and the West Indies gone to America | Australia forced to separate -, India lost for ever, after the English there had all been des troyed, vainly trying to hold the country when cut off from aid by their countrymen j Gibraltar and Malta ceded to the new naval Power; Ire land independent and in perpetual anarchy and revolution. When I look at my country as it is now—its trade gone, its factories silent, its harbors empty, a prey to pauperism and decay —when I see all this, and think what Great Britain was in my youth, I ask myself whether I have really a heart or any sense of patriotism that I should have witueseed such degradation and sitll care to live. Aectio Expedition.—Captain C. F. Hall is to sail from Washington in the stea mer Polaris, on another Arctic expedi tion. The vessel has been provided by the Naval Department of the United States Govern ment. Captain Hall, who expects to be absent about two years and a-half, has been over whelmed with applications from enthusiastic young gentlemen of wealth and culture, and even ladies of the same social position, desirous of accompanying the expedition, and little thinking of the hardships and dangers to be encountered. But he has prepared a picked ex perienced crew. Two Eequhnaux, Joe and his " cooney," or wife, Ilannah, who have been with Captain Hall a number of years, and who hare become partially civilised, and speak the English language intelligibly, go with the expedition, the former as the interpreter, and the latter in the capacity of tailoress. It has becu long ago demonstrated that the woollen clothing of the white man is absolutely worthless to protect the Arctic traveller from the cold, piercing blasts to which he is exposed, aud the costume of the Innuit or Esquimaux, consisting of the deer akin koolj-bang, a sack jumper, with fur hood, the seal-kin breeches, the de^r, seal, and eider duck stockings, one over the other, and covered with stout moccasins of seal skiu, with high leggings, has been adopted as the only articles of apparel that are impervious to the inclemen cies of the fearful climate. Tho Esquimaux toiloress is therefore an important and really in dispensable personage aboard the Polaris.— Time*, May 19. 