POTTLETOP'S PIPE. " That is a pipe, Sarah," said Mr. Xottletop, severely. "It is my opinion that no hnman be- ing on the face of this extensive globe but yourself wonld require the assurance that that is a pipe. It certainly looks like a pipe, it un- questionably smells like a pipe, and it undoub- tedly is a pipe !" "But sir, begging your parding, I didn't know as missis would allow you to have a pipe," said Sarah, taking up her brush. " She does, Sarah ; in fact it was she herself who gave it to me yesterday as a birthday pre- sent. Before we were married, I was a great smoker; but immediately after that happy event Mrs. P. out off my tobacco absolutely. Yesterday my privileges were again restored." " Had she any objeok in it, sir ?" " Object ! What do you mean by objeot ? I insist upon an instantaneous elucidation of that suspicions remark !" Mr. Pottietop replaced his meerschaum on the mantelpiece, folded his arms, and' assumed a most indignant expression of countenance. "Nothink, sir. Only ladies do sometimes bare objecks with their husbands," returned Sarah, innocently. " Are you sure missis didn't ask any favor or promise of you, sir ?" Mr. Pottletop gasped, and turned pale. Re- covering himself immediately, however, he re- joined, in a faint voice : " Nothing at all, Sarah. Ton may go about your business, Sarah." She moved to the door. " Stop a minute, Sarah ; I want to ask you a question. What does your mistress chiefly do when I am down-town ?" " Well, air," answered the housemaid, " mis- sis is always in her room by herself, and I never sees her, sir." With whioh she went out. Mr. Pottletop dropped into a ohair, and put his band to his head. " I see it all I False Sophronista, yon have deceived me I" be exclaimed. " Your restora- tion of my privileges waa a delusion, your pipe was a snare ! Tobacco ! yes. You allow me plenty of it-oigan and cheroots, too-and even try to throw snuff, in my eyes 1 But it won't do! No, madame! When I, confiding and deluded riotim, yesterday gave you my promise not to come to dinner any day before two, little did I dream there was anything at the bottom of it ! I took your pipe and lit it, and smoked it in peace ; to-day, 1 find I was only putting out my own pipe of hap piness for ever 1 However, I shall see. I shall place myself on the walch, and discover all. Beware of me, deoeitful female ! The lamb has become a lion, and will have his vengeance !" Mr. Pottietop started up, dapped on his hat, and made his way to the street. Was ho going down-town? Not a bit of it. Mr. Pottietop merely walked to the oorner, slipped aronud it, Btole to his baok gate, sneaked into his garden, and hid himself behind the gooseberry-bush. Here he remained, horribly oramped, a quarter of an hour. But bis patience was rewarded. Glanoing upward he beheld a pair of long legs dangling over his roof, endeavouring to olasp the rain-spout ! Next the body and bead of a man appeared who let himself down, and entered at the window. There was bnt one course for Mr. Pottietop. He rose, seized his garden-ladder, planted it against the wall, ascended it, and likewise entered at the window. But the room was empty. He ducked under the sofa. His movement wss just in time, for the door opened, and the stranger with the long legs reappeared. "All's safe!" he soliloquised, in a huaky, rasping voice, breathing throughout the apart- ment a strong flavor of rum. " I thought the governor would sever go. My ears is corked with Boot listening for him down the ohimley. Now for the governor's wife 1" " The governor's wife I" groaned Mr. Pottie- top. " I knew it !" " She must a-koowed as I was a-ooming by leavin' the window-bolt open so convenient," continued the stranger. " Bnt there's no keep in' the movements of fashionable society secret nowadays." " Knew he was coming !" groaned Mr. Pottietop, again. "Everything is confirmed. Some aristocratic villain who has turned her brain !" " Well, now to look for the pretty creetur. P'r'aps she wonldn't be glad to see me just yet, nor I to see her too suddint. I'll reck-anoint her a bit." He crept cautiously out of the other door, and Mr. Pottietop as .oautiously followed him. They crossed the corridor to the library-closet, and Mr. P.'s eyes gleamed with joy. At the moment the stranger entered the oloset, Mr. P. ran up quickly and looked bim in. " There, atrocious monster I" he gloated, rub- bing h¡B hands. " Now to return to the garden by the ladder, and, if possible, obtain a police- man. Mrs. P. must not see me, or she will release her lover from his imprisonment, and he may escape." Back to his bedroom he went, but, re-entering, he stood rooted with horror to the ground. A noise could be heard from the window, and evidently some one else was coming up the lad- der. Mr. Pottietop duoked under the sofa as before. Another stranger appeared. It was a stout, elderly person, dressed in a semi-military great- coat, wearing a voluminous neckerchief, and topping all off with an immense wig. He put his legs deliberately in and looked around. "Not here?" he exclaimed. "Downstairs) of conrse !" "Another one of 'em looking for her 1" groaned Mr. Pottietop. '. How many more are there ? Ob, perjured woman, little did I sus peot this." " I hope she may sot delay," continued the latest arrival. "I hate waiting. Snug-looking room-and, npon my honor, a pipe ! I'll take a smoke." Mr. Pottietop looked on in fresh horror. His pipe-bis own private, particular and soli- tary meerschaum ! The stranger quietly filled | it, put it between his lips, and sat down. " Now, this ia what I call comfort," he solilo- quised, the Bmoke earling over his capacious wig ; " and I shouldn't mind Btaying here alto- gether !" " I suppose not," refleoted the agitated spec- tator under the bed. " But your sojourn shall be briefer than you expect." " Only I should insist upon the society of some precious little creature, like the lady I am waiting for, to destroy monotony. Her husband isn't the man for her. From what I hear of him, he must be a regular old pump !" " Me a regular old pump !" said Mr. Pottietop, grinding his teeth. '' I wonder if he would thank me for coming, if he knew what brought me here ?" " Not much !" sighed Mr. P. The door opened, and Mrs. Pottietop ran in hastily. "Oh, general!" she oried; "how kind you are ! Is he gone ?" " Gone ! He must be, if you haven't seen him down your way. He certainly isn't about here anywhere." " How thoughtful it was of you to oaU at the front door first!" said Mrs. P., a charmingly plump little woman of thirty. " And how espe- cially thoughtful to next get into the garden. As neither of us bas seen him, I am certain he is gone." "Are you?" groaned Pottietop. "You'll find yourself confoundedly mistaken presently." " I must next relieve Sarah. Poor thing ! she has been dreadfully nervous. Sarah !" That innocent young person entered. "You needn't be under any further alarm, Sarah. He is gone. " Is he, mum ? How delighted I am to hear it!" " Yes ; Now I will take General Wagstaffe below, and insist upon his having a glass of wine." " Madame," said that gallant officer, present- ing his arm, " I shall only be too happy." At the moment they had disappeared, Mr. Pottietop determined to show himself. He made a movement to get out. "What's that ?" exclaimed the nervous Sarah, rushing to the door. " It's only-" But before the poor gentleman oould arti- culate a syllable further she darted down the steps, screaming at the top, of her voice. In- stantly afterward General Wagstaffe came dumping back into the room, red with fury. Mr. Pottietop seized a bootjaok, the general snatched up . water-pitcher. They stood face to face. " I'll do for you, ruffian !" exclaimed the general. " You will ? You'll assassinate me ? Reck- less libertine, I am diminutive, but oourage eons ! I shall throw you out of the window." "That's your game, is it?" oried the military Btranger. "Well, two can play at it; so let us see who'll win. With whioh he rushed upon Mr. Pottietop, upset the table in the way, smashed the water pitcher over his head, carried him bodily to the window, and flung him head foremost into the yard. j ' Mrs. Pottletop came running in again, pale as a ghost. "He's gone this time, madame," gasped the general, wiping his face. " I don't think you'll be troubled by bim again. I have flung him out of the house, and there's not mncb danger, I fanoy, of his reappearance." The delicious little woman pressed the war- rior's hand, and descended with him to the dining-room. This apartment looked out npon the yard. Had its two occupants glanced at the window, they might have seen a face-the face of the injured Pottletop. With a bloody nose, oheeks covered with mud, and clothes smeared with the aahes of the dust-heap into which he bad been tossed, be stood on his tip- toes, glaring in at them. " Now, general, for your wine," he heard his wife say. " Exfouse me only one little minnte. Our sherry is in the library-closet." " The library-closet ! " eohoed Pottletop. " Her other lover is there. Treacherous woman, she is not true to anybody !" Mrs. P. went out of the room, and the general cocked his feet comfortably on the mantelpiece. Mr. Pottletop knew by this that be was not likely to leave Bhortly, so he determined to ascend the ladder once more, get into his room again, and listen to what passed in the closet. This resolve waa instantly accomplished. Scarcely, however, had he touched the floor of bia chamber when he heard Mrs. Pottletop'a soreams, and ber rapid footsteps clattering down the stairway. What was the matter now ? Was it jealousy on the part of the oooupant of the oupboard, and had he assaulted her-on suspicion of having locked him in ? Mr. Pottletop, overcome by bia emotions and the terrible experience ho was going through, sank to the floor. He lay there stunned, nearly fire minutes. But his agony was not finished. As he was a living, breathing man, be heard fresh footsteps on the ladder ! Exhausted as he wis, he contrived once more to drag himself under the sofa. Peeping out, be saw à form of bine,/ tai a tnmebeos. It was a policeman, ¡ " Is she hero? he heard the guardian of the peace say " She certainly told me fur to come this way ' " Still another lover ' " shrieked Pottletop, almost aloud " An appointment with a police man ' Oh, Sophromsta, this is too much ' ' The fellow stepped in and Mr Pottletop trem bled To be dragged out would ruin every thing He lay mute as a mouse, but to his borrot bo perceived that the intruder was very particular in his investigations He glanced in the wardrobe, and examined the oupboard, he even made a show of searching the bureau drawer, and once-what to look for he could not imagine-he uncorked a blaok bottle At last he earnestly threw an eye under the sofa He discerned something blaok He poked his trunoheon under, and prodded Mr Pottletop in the stomach Mr Pottletop wheezed, and lost his breath " Hilloa I" cried the police man " You're there, are you f Come out o' that ! ' Mr Pottletop slowly drew himself out and stood up, covered with lint and feathers, like a curiouB and new fashioned species of bird Re covering his wind by an effort, he spoke " My blue brother," he said mournfully, u why are you here ? Have you come to add more to my cup of misery ? ' " Cup o' misery ' It's my opinion you've had too many oupa already." " I have, indeed, each filled to the brim " So I thought," sighed tbe blue brother " Well, let mo run you in quietly, now Don t let's have no scrimmaging, 'eos, if you do, I'll have to put you in a vagon " "In a wagon 1' moaned poor Pottletop " What have I done to deserve all this ? Am I a living, breathing, sensible man ? Have I my mind and judgment about me, or is this some terrible dream ? ' " Vy, how can you expect to have your mmd about you, ven you will take m so muoh at a dose ? The jim jams is comm' fast ' " Jim James ! Another one of Mrs P 's lovers, I suppose He will be the fourth to- day? Ob, whoever suffered such misery as mine' ' The policeman took his arm tenderly, and seated him in a chair " Bo quiet, now," ho said, in a soothing tone " Everybody goes through this, you know I knew what it was the moment I spied you When she spoke-" " She 1 She ! ' shrieked Mr Pottletop, ris mg to his feet " It is she, indeed t Listen to me yesterday I was a happy man I bad but one thought, and it was hor happiness, because I loved ber to distraotion, and fondly believed she loved me in return When she gave me that pipe, and made mo promise never to come to dinner any day before two, little did I fancy the motive she had at the bottom But this morning, by means of a few incautions worda dropped by the housemaid, I was led to suspeot At the first stop toward investigation, the full and glaring truth dawned upon me I watched further All was confirmed Her lovers I discovered to be numberless Some were on the roof, Borne entered by the window, some by the front door ' Although you, too, are one of them, I tell you this that you may tell her This, my last message, I com mit-" " Commit ' ' interrupted tbe guardian of the peace, bouncing off the table where he had been sitting " I've listened to your rigma role but I von t let you commit notbin' here Come along quietly now '" " Come along ' What do you mean ? Come along where V " Vith me, of course ' I'm going to run you in My pardener'8 outside with a vagon, so, if you resist, 111 call him to help me Blast me if I vouldn't be ashamed to valk along the street with you' Your nose is bloody, your face is smeared vith mud, your clothes is full of asbes and feathers, your eyes is black, and you re a regular soarcecrow ' Come along nowl' Mr Pottletop frantically picked up a chair " If you touch me," he shouted, " I'll murder you' Keep off ruffian-keep off 1 " Obo ' That's your game, IB it ? All right, my covey ! ' The policeman went over to the desperate mau, and clutched him by the shoulders Then began the straggle They tussled about the room, bawling and Bhrieking, upsetting the furniture, tearing down the ourtains, smashing the mirrors, breaking the waste jar, and delug mg the oarpet with dirty water The door opened, and three persons appeared, looking on in horrified astonishment They were Mrs Pottletop, General Wagstaffe, and the longlegged individual wbo had been locked up in the library closet The combatants seprated, and stood up, out of breath Mr Potteletop babeld his wife " Vile female," he cried, " it is all over, at last'' " Oh, Pottletop ' ' screamed Mrs P, falling into General Wagstaffe's arms " I go from yon for ever '" "ItoIdyouhewaBn'ta burglar, but a lunatio, ma'am," struck in the man in blue, trinm phantly " Here is the burglar, ' said General Wags taffe " I surrounded him, charged upon him, and captured him myself ' "I Bee itali ! spoke Mrs Pottletop, suddenly " My poor Potty is the victim of a series of mis- takes Let bim explain his share in them " " Victim I am, indeed, and of a mistake m you, cruel Sophromsta'" returned Mr P " This morning, looking at my pipe, I waa seized with a suspicion that you bad some object in giving it me yesterday, and making me promise never to come to dinner before two I deter mined to watch I stole into the garden, and hid behind the gooseberry bush, and then I per ceived a man enter our bedroom-window from the roof " "That vos me," said the general's captive " I had been behind the cbimley all night, vait mg for a ohance to get m and take a look at the waluables " "I planted a bidder against the window" continued Mr P, " ascended it, and went in, too I followed this ruffian to the library-closet, and looked h.m in " "And I," said General Wagstaffe, "saw you going up the ladder from my second- story portico opposite, took you for a housebreaker, went around to your front door, and informed your wife She sent for a policeman, and I I returned to the garden, and likewise ascended the ladder " i " Well," put in the blue gentleman, " when I arrived, I planted my pardner at the front door, slipped around the backway, and vos the thud party as went up the ladder I must beg this gent's pardon for mistaking bim-but duty's duty ' Howsomedever, there M a burglar in the case, and so I shan't have had my trouble for no think Come along, my friend '" The general surrendered his prisoner into the grip of the law Then he approached Mr Pot tletop, and took his band " Sir, I am happy to make your acquaintance under such singular circumstances " " I should have preferred them not quite so singular," rejoined Mr. Pottietop, rather rue- fully. " However, I deserve all my misfortunes, for once having doubted my dear litio tootsy wootsy SophroniBta !" -'How could you?" pouted that oharming lady. " How couldn't I, is more to the purpose, when you gave me the surprising privilege of smoking, and, what's better, a beautiful pipe to smoke with. By- the-way, where is it ?" "Where is it?" cried General Wagstaffe, dapping his coat-pocket. " Bless me, I bad quite forgotten it !" The policeman went np, and touched him on the shonlder. " Shall I take him along for petty larceny, sir ?" he asked of Mr. Pottietop. " What an efficient officer 1" cried Mrs. P., admiringly. " Confoundedly eflioient !" groaned Mr. P., noting the figure he himself out, and observing the ruin about the floor-the general smash of i everything. "No; we've had enough excite- ment for one day." " And what a ridiculous oanse for it !" sighed Mrs. P. " Only a pipe 1" Ever since, that has been her great instru- ment in managing Pottietop. Whenever he begins to grow jealous or suspicions, she puts ber arm around his neck, kisses him, and says in the archest tone : " My dear, shall I tell yon the story of Pot tletop's Pipe ?" It always settles him. Mrs Grayson, the wife of a police sergeant at Warwick, recently managed, whilst passing the kitchen fire, to ignite the back part of her dress. Attempting to rush to the pump, she fainted on the way, and fell amongst some carpenter's shavings, whioh also took fire. Her son and some other people then arrived, and with buckets of water put out the flames. Happily, at the date of the news (D10.16) the medical opinion was strongly is favour of Mrs. Grayson'« speedy recovery. 