THE LATE CASE OF POISONING. The district coroner yesterday commenced a preliminary inquiry, at the Criterion Hotel, into the circumstances connected with the death of Mrs. Lockhart, the melanaholy death of whom, we referred to yesterday. The inquiry was merely commenced in order to allow of the burial of the body, the cir- cumstances of the death of the deceased rendering it necessary to adjourn the inquest to Monday, the 30th instant. From the evi- dence adduced at yesterday's inquiry it appeared that the unfortunate woman was thirty one years of age; she had been married to Mr. Lockhart for seven years, and had left three children, the eldest about six years of age. Deceased was a niece of Mr. Benjamin Cahill, of Kangaroo Flat, with whom she had lived previous to her marriage. On Tuesday, between one and two o'clock, Dr. Cruikshank was hastily sent for to come to deceased, whom he was informed had poisoned herself. On arriving at her residence Dr. Cruikshank found that she was beyond medical aid. He endeavored to introduce the stomach pump, but was unable to insert it in her mouth, as lockjaw had firmly closed the mouth. Dr. Boyd, who arrived a few minutes later, also found it impossible to do anything to relieve the deceased, who died in a few minutes afterwards. The opinion of both medical gentlemen, ascer- tained from the post mortem examination, was that the death of the deceased was the result of strychnine. It was considered advisable by the coroner that the contents of the stomach of the deceased should be forwarded to the Government analytical chemist in Melbourne, and this was one of the principal reasons for postponing the inquiry. It was also stated that a little girl, the daughter of Constable Doyle, the lockup keeper, would be able to give important information relative to the cause of the death of the deceased. The little girl had gone to Lockhart's store at about one o'clock on the Tuesday, in order to make some purchases. Deceased was in the shop, and after serving her she remarked that "it would be the last time she wouldserve her with anything," and, as the girl states, she almost immediately afterwards took something out of a tin case on the shelf. It was known that Mr. Lockhart had a small quantity of strychnine on the premises for the purpose of poisoning the rats that infested it. The funeral of the unfortunate woman took place yesterday afternoon, and was very numerously attended. The husband of the deceased was brought before the Police Magistrate yesterday, and was further re- manded until next day, as he appeared to be still suffering from nervous debility and ex- citement, consequent on the unhappy cir- cumstances of his wife's death. Fire Inquiry. — An inquiry into the origin of the recent lire lit Aiken's store, Bridge-street, is to be held by tho coroner, at tho Australian Hotel, on the 8th instant, at one o'clock. The Lyce um Theatre. —The performances last evening at the Lyceum were for the benefit of the lessee and manager, Sir. J. D. Marsh, and the attendance was much better than it lists been for some time. The drama of " The Loving Cup" was the opening piece, and it very much resembled the play of "Tho Maid anil the Magpie." Miss Milne, Mr. Mavah, Mr. lleeves, and Mr. Russell sus tained the principal characters very effec tively. This was followed by singing and dancing, Mr. Reeves and Mr. Power both distinguishing themselves, the former by sentimental and the latter by comic songs and dancing Miss Carole was greatly ap plauded in a favorite melody. The pas dc deux by M. Massartic and Mis3 Greonless was admired, and tho trapeza performance of Mr. Barry elicited marks of approbation. Tho chief excitement of the evening was to wit ness a local farce, the production of Mr. D. Cameron, and entitled "Tho Sandhurst Spirit Medium." The principal character is an Trisli one, Pat Fay in (Mr. Russell), a lively apecimon of tho Handy Andy class, in tho employment of Augustus Jbivca, legal mana ger of the Extended Balloon Company. Afr. Jones is in love with Miss O'Hallqran, a beau tiful wild Irish girl, daughter of a rich roofer with more money than brains, and very ii'bry in his temper. Jones is favored by the lady's papa, but she hatos Jonei, and loves Alger non liracc (Mr. Barry),.a sweet young man, with lino black hair. Tlio marriage day arrives when the lady is to becomo tho Mrs. Johm, but Bruce bribes Pat to detain Jone? j for an hour or two, while ho runs off with the lady and marries her. Pat, who ha3 a fund of humorous stories to tell, fuliils his part of the bargain-by locking up Joiim, and then appearing to him as a ghost of Angelina, Jones's dead sweetheart. Pat's broguo, how ever, and this forms a very humorous por tion of the scone, discovers him, aiid a pistol poiutod at his head makes him- throw off his' disguise. J ust then Mr. 0' Hallo ran comes in and abuses Jones for-not -keeping- his appointment, and the Jiiuils is reached by Bruce and the lad)' coming baBk~from the parson as man and wife. _ Mr. ^tu§sell was capital as Fajau, and caused, gvaat laughtar. There was nothing very striking in any of., the other characters.. On the .whole the farco was very well performed. As a literary pro duction it contains a number^of-Binart tliirigsr which woro picked up at once by the audi ence. Air. Marsh, during tho evening, addressed the audienco, thanking thorn for their patronage, and stating that in his opinion a theatre could not bo kept con stantly open on Sandhurst. He had boon a heavy loser in this last dramatic season, and ho announced that tho theatre would be closed after this week. Tho local farco will be repeated with other attractions to-night. Political.—Probably tho iir.it Ministers toaddress thcirconBtituencioH(nays tlwAiyus) will be tho Chief .Secretary and tho Attornoy Gonoral. The former is expected to mako hin utterance at the end of this week, perhaps on Saturday, at Crtmbpurno. The Attorney General will leave for South Gipps Land, and will speak early next week either at Tariit ville or Port Albert. His intention is t > make a thorough tour among tho electors before he addresses them at any length. 