BOXING DAY. If Christmas Day passed ?without rain, so much' cannot be said m favor of Boxing Day. Enrly rising was the order, and disappointment the result of the first glance at the heavens ; for it was wet, decidedly wet, and outdoor amusements in consequence fell below par. Nevertheless the majority having determined upon enjoying a holiday, and being nntlnrarta ble, donned their gala attire, and trusting to umbrellas and light waterproofs, sallied, forth for such a day's pleasure as the adverse circum stances would permit of. At about half-past eight the streets began to fill, and shortly after wards a goodly number of passengers rendez voused at tho steamer's wharf, intending to join the excursion by the Newcastle Artillery Corps to Raymond Terrace. The Collaroy had been engaged for the occasion, and was advertised to start at nine o'clock ; as has generally been tho case, punctuality was' not attended to, and she did not move oft' until about a quarter to eleven. She took a goodly complement of excursionists, tho number having been roughly estimated at about .three hundred. Some time before she left the first train from Maitland had arrived, bring ing down a large number of visitors, computed at some three hundred and fifty, a great many of whom, dissatisfied with the appearance of the weather, took the first opportunity of return ing whence they tamo, whilst the others becamo absorbed in the busy crowd of excursionists. The railway station was incon veniently crowded ; what, with the number of travellers arriving and departing, it was not to be wondered at there was apparently a consi derable amount of confusion. First, there was tho train, chartered by the Catholic Guild, which had to be got away j it was well filled, and with the numerous gaily coloured flags streaming from all parts of it, and the playing of tho Lamb ton band, specially engaged for the purpose, presented quite a gay appearance Then there was tho Wallsend train — principally composed of cattle trucks, as is usual on such occasions, but why we cannot conceive, as a little trouble would have produced proper carriages, instead — which had to be despatched.' This treatment to the visitors to Wallsend on Boxing Day has been remarked upon by' us in former years, and when comfortable carriages', instead of standing' idlo, could have been providod. We again re mark, it shows either great negligence or bad. management on the part of tho railway officials. Wo would advise these gentlemen to provide next year some coal trucks instead of filthy cattle trucks for the accommodatiottofthe visitors to tho Wallsend races. Upon occasions like this, could . . .* .-. '*. « ?'?? ?'?.'??* not a temporary platform be creeled for excur sion trains, instead of keepings the regular plat form .drummed with ?people, .in danger of. being pushed offaud run over wither by a train shunt ing or one arriving? 'Phis Irain which should havo arrived from Scone ni 10. a.m.. did not reach tho pint form till 11 o'clor-k, owing to detentions on tho voiid, :uul tin; iinrliiia; of the 10.30 a.m. excursion train. Many ot' tho arrivals by this tririu t.lius mit.-vd tli'-ir tlosire c-( joining in (he. Vrilimk-cr .Arlillcry iwi.'iirsion. The ffceiimur Maitliiiul. lor Sydney, 'win detained, awaiting On; arrival of iht- Ivmix, and look a goodly muster of pafisoiigi-i's mvay with her. J'ho drizzling' rain kept* i-oiilinuiilly falling, nt times heavier than a'.- other*: Iml oven this did; not .suuin to have any 'lindi'aiu'e to tho enjoyment of the holiday folks, for -from an early hour numbers were seen flocking towards the wharf and trains. The Volunteer Artillery hand and the Lambtou brass baud paraded the streets, adding much to the hilarity of the scene. The streets also being decorated with boughs and flags and with numbers of bright and 'happy faces hurrying' to and fro 'to their various desti nations, gave the dull day a better appearance than it otherwise would have bad. However, we will hurry on, and giyp a slight description of the various pleasures* aud entertainments, .commencing ?with the WALLSEND .RACES. : . : ? FIBST DAY. ' j : :' :':'?'[. Tuesday morning, as,, we have stated belore, was anything but/jovourablo to the success which would have otherwise attended the first day's races, and sonic, ill-feeliug must have oc curred between the clerk' of the' weather and tho clerk of tho Wallsend racecourse, for this is the second wet Boxing Day, — or 'perhaps it was owing to races being held in Maitland on this day that the weather was unpropitious ; for it is a proverbial fact that when races take place in Maitland, it is sure to be wet. The weather, hower, suited some, butter than the intense heat experienced on former occasions. In 18G6, the -first year of the Wallseud Races (if our memory serves xis rightly) tho day was intensely hot, so much so, that not a taste of anything buo raw spirits could be obtained. at tlic booths, and a rush bad to be made to Mr. llicklow's well of water ; 18G7, an other scorching hot day ; 1SG8. very pleasant nnd cool ; 1800, another scorcher for tho first day ; 1870, the course was covered with water, so that the races had to be postponed to New Year's Da}', on which clay the weather was chilly, and rain fell at intervals. After our disagreeable ride in. the cuttle trucks, we found the thriving township of ^Vullsend-iitrathe'r.-ii muddy. state, and townies in anxious expectation of the New castlo train — which on former occasions brought its 500 passengers, and on this occasion but half that number, The Christmas ducorations on nearly every house betokened that this festivo occasion had not beeu forgotten. Very little time remained to stay in the. town, as the first race was announced to come ofT at. noon ; so, after a nobbier at host Harris's, we sauntered across the wot fields, and, after admiring, with an envious eye the large heap of small eoal be longing to Messrs. Laidley and Co., we reached the course. Owing to the non-arrival at the specified ,.t.imc of the Newcastle train, the stew ards very considerately postponed the start for the first race till half-past 12, which gnve us a short time to look around. On the hill, there were five commodious publican's booths — the first (the stewards' booth) kept by' Mr. George Cowell, of the l?ox and Hound's, Plattsburg ; No. 2 by Mr. John Gor don, of tile Jiailwny Hotel. Warutah ; No. 0 by Mr. Jenkyns, of the -Prince of Wales Inn, Lambton ; No. -1 by Mr. Hubb.ird. Yacht Club ^ Hotel, Newcastle ; No. 5 by Mr. Ik-ay, White Swan Inn, Plattsburg, none of whom, we think, had cause for grumbling on the want of cus tomers. There were also seven booths where cakes, fruit, tea, cofl'ee, and other like commodi ties were ? disposed of, but: the consumption did not appear great. The usual musler at Hie slaughter-yard, where coins wero tossed tip in the air and camo down either heads or tails whs as large as ever, and the spinning-jennies were also in great force. A rather inconvenient structure had been erected in front of the pub licans' booths for the use of tin.- Waratah brass band, which assembled in great numbers, and was kept well employed throughout the day in play ing lively tunes, to the delight of those merry couples who tripped it lightly on the green, though wot, sward. The fair sex was not nearly so well represented as on former occasions. Tho saddling paddock had beeii much improved, the judge's chair had been renovated, and the grand stand, although its roof was not water proof, was bettor than none, as a good view of the races could be obtained nearly the whole way round. The stewards and tho various 'officers con nected with tho club performed their various duties highly satisfactorily, and have to be con gratulated on having a successful meeting. Mr. P. Young exhibited much care in filling tho office of judge, Mr. W. J. Harris, as starter, was fortunate in getting his horses away on even terms upon each occasion. The running ground ^vas well kept by Mr. Allen, as clerk of the course, and some of the other officers. The heavy work of the meeting devolved upon the honorary secretary, Mr. Perry, who was exact in nil his ways, so that there was no hitch in the business. Mr. Strang, the speculative purchaser of the entrance gates, we tear, will hardly see his money returned, as at no time were there over 1201) people on the ground. General good order prevailed, with the exception of two or three fights, but these only brought good fun to the lookers-on. Tho running ground was slip pery in places, and some narrow escapes from accidents wero made, owing to horses falling ; young Thredgate fell in the first and second races, first whilst riding Boreas, and secondly on Eoek Gidgcll. Morgan had also a nasty fall after passing the stand on Sour Grapes, in tho Flying Handicap, and was thought to havo been killed by the other horses trending upon him, but beyond a good shaking, neither of the jockeys appeared to have been much hurt. We now append a short account of the various races : — ; . . . : First Race. — The. H.udkn Plate of 30 sovs, with a sweep of 2 sovs each added, for all Maiden Horses at the time of entrance; Penal tics for winning after entrnnco : once, 51b.; twice or more, 7 lb. Second horse 5 sovs from the prize. Distance 1$ mile; one event. Entrance, 7.1 per cent, on amount of prize.' To start at 12 o'clock, i Mr. B. Harvey's b c Nemo, 2 yrs, 4 st 12 lbs (Moore) 1 W. Gordon's b g Glengary, aged, 'J st 4;lts : (Murray) ... ? ? ' .. ? 2 O. Young's c g Bnonn Vista, ft yrs, 9 it 1 lb ... 3 W. Lancaster's b g lioreas, 3 yrs. 7 st 3 lbs. Betting : 3 to 2 against Nemo, 2 to 1 against Boreas, 3 to 1 against Glongary and Buona Vista. *?,'.'.. Nemo declared 23 lbs. over, and Glengary 4 lbs. , The start waseffected at the back of tho hill; and could not bo seen from the grand stand. On making their appearance Glengary was seen to have a slightlead,' the others also well up. Boreas, very shortly after, threw his. jockey, and was, therefore, out of the race. On comiug down the straight Nemo and Biiona endea voured to take the lead from Glengary -but failed to reach his quarters, and they passed the stand the first time, Gfengary, Buona, and Nemo. On Hearing tho':ontranco gates Glon gary swerved cwing to a dog rushing at him, but it did not cause him to lose;- his lead. After going over tho hill and coming again in sight, Nemo .had the lead, but had some diffi culty in maintaining it to the finish, and it was only by superior jockeyship, and preventing tho rider of Glengary from using his whip hand, that Moore landed his. colt first by barely a length, 'Glengary second, and Buona Vista some distance to the rear. ? Sboond ltACE.— The Innkeepers' Pdbse of 20 sovs, added to a sweep of 2 son each ; for all horses ; to be handicapped. Tjistnnce, 2 miles, ono event ; ?eoond hone to roceivo G sovs from the prize. \- /'' ' ? .. ..^%: Mr. J aril's g'm Unknown, nged, 7 st. 6 lbs (Mark ham) ? ? .. ......... 1 Mrs. H.'Tuomas' b ra Flirt, aged, 0 st 10 lbs (D. Muore) ? ...' .. ? 2 Mr. G. Young's ch h Roberto il Diavolo, 4 vis, 7 at 10 Iba (Dunn) ? ? ? 3 Even airninst. Jtobr-rlo, 3 to againit Unknown, 2 to .1 against Jio'nk Gidgell. :) to 1 against Flirt. Tlio lior.scs were got into ii good line, but at l.ho word '-(lit'' from the sUirter, Uifknown lagged behind, and so got a vi-ry bad start. Jioberto si?l to work iu hot i.-aniost, and went ofF with Ike io;ul at a slushing puce. On re.-ic'-ig^ thu hill, the other horses madis up, aud before' iliu (oj) was reached, Jiol.'erlo was collnred by his opponunts. On again (.?dining in sight, and at the Millie spot that Bori-ns fell, Hock Gidgell shared the same fine, and throw the same jockey.' Unknown had here a good .lead, of which she was iiovor afterwards dcpriycd.and on entering the straight, running the liist time, tho great lioberto had to succumb to the little old mare, ]?lirt, who after passing the. ' big un', ' Inado piny for the' grey, but' the effort came too late, and she had to be satisfied with second money. The favourite came in some distance in the rear, and- various suggestions were gratuitously offered to his trainer — ' to take him home and boil him down.' A protest was entered by Mr. Young against Unknown for crossing. Tuibd Kace.— The Flying Handicap of 2 sovs eaoh, with 25 sovs added ; one mile and a distance ; sscond horse to receive 5 sovs from the prize. Mr. A. Campbell's b h Tommy Dodd, 4 yrs, 7 st 7 lbs (Moore) '.. ... :: ? 1 W, Lancaster's b g Plutus, aged, 7 st 4 lbs (Throdgato) ? 2 G. Young's b m Marchioness (la'te Unknown), 5 yrs, 7 st 7 lbs (Dunn) '...-... ... .; .. 3 W. Lancaster's b ra Sour Grapes, 5 yra, 7st 81bs. Betting : Even against Tommy Dodd, 3 to 1 against, the others. The Babe was entered, but was scratched for all his : engagements. Mr. Harris got the lot away all of a heap, and they came down the straight running at a slashing pace, Plutus, on reaching tho stand, having a slight lead, the others almost neck and neck, Tommy Dodd last. About' a hundred yards from, the stand, Sour Grapes fell, and it, was thought his jockey, young Morgan, wa-s killed by Tommy Docld treading upon him ; he was picked up insensible, but shortly afterwards recovered. The accideut did not mar the race, for the three others went at i t tooth and nail. After passing the hill, Tommy was seen to hare the lead, hut only a slight one, Plutus being closo upon bis quarters. A splen did race between the two ensued dowu the straight,, aud one of tho best finishes. Tommy Dodd managed to catch the judge's eye first, winning by about half a length, Plutus second, and Marchioness well up. Fouiith Race.— The Miners' Purse Selling Race, of 10 sov.s, with a sweep of 10s. each added, for all horses to be handicapped ; second horse to receive 2 sovs from the prizn j tho winner to bo sold im mediately after the race for £8 ; any surplus over £8 to go to the race fund. One mile heats. The horses entered to bo handicapped. Mr. Richardson's b g Whalebone, 5 yrs, 7 st 4 lbs (Thredgate) ? ? 1 I W. Harris' b h Sir Henry, aged, 0 st 8 lbs (Moore) ? 2 2 S, Hall's cm Deception, 5 jrs, 7 st 7 lbs (Humphreys) ? 3 3 The betting was slighllj' in favour of Whale bone, but Deception had a number of friends from the Lambton side. : Piiist Meat. — Mr. Harris got his horses in a good line before'leUing them go, li lit' Deception was unfortunate iu being held back by her trainer some time, so that she had no chance of catching tho leading horses. 'Whalebone got the lead at the start, and whs never afterwards collared. Deception manauccl to save her dis tance. Secojtd Hkat. — It was thought that, with a good start, this heat would havo been Decep tion's, but in spite of a good start the chestnut mare had not the ghost of a chance, and the re sult shewed which was the best horse and which the second best. The winner was put up to auction by the clerk of the course (Mr. Allen), and fetched £8 oh, the purchaser being his present owner, and the club a benefactor of 5s. by the sale. This being the last, race on the card, many of tho visitors wended their way to the town, there to wait two hours for tho train, while many others betook themselves to the dancing ground and kept nt it till darkness did appear. At the conclusion of the second race the stewards and their friends adjourned to -the booth and there sat dowu to a bountiful repast prepared by host Cowell. Several healths were drank, and duly responded to. Amongst them Mr. C. H. Hannell proposed in very eulogistic terms, ' The health of stewards and officers, and success to the Wallsend Turf Club.' The toast was drank with musical honors, and responded to by Mr. Sharp, president of the. club. ,In re turn, that gentleman then proposed, ' Success to the Newcastle Jockey Club,' and, with it, 'coupled tho name of the honorary secretary, Mr. 0\. H. Hannell. This toast was received with groat applause, and also drank with musical honors—:' For he's a Jolly Good Fellow,' &c.; Mr. Hunuell returned thanks. 