Local & General News. WESLEYAN.— The Rev. W. J. Davis will preach (D.V.) at Brogers Creek to-morrow (Sun day) morning, at Wood Hill, at half-past 2, and at Broughton Vale in the evening; also at Rockhill, on Tuesday at 3 p.m. LOOK OUT FOR SNAKES.— On Tuesday last a black snake, about three feet in length, was killed near Mr D. Hyam's Hotel. A lady who was travelling up the road was the first to dis- cover his "snakeship," and the alarm being given, a "dead set" was made upon the reptile, the honor of placing it "bors do combat" fall- ing to the lot of an intelligent "darkey." DIVIDEND.— The Illawarra S. N. Co. has declared a dividend at the rate of 3s. 6d. per share for the half year. THB QUEEN V. FLETCHER.— The Attor- ney General has refused to file a bill against Edward Fletcher, who was committed for trial to the General Gaol Delivery, on Monday next on a charge of cattle stealing. THE ATTEMPT TO MURDER CASE — The Attorney-General having filed a true bill in the case of the Queen v. Hawkey, for at- tempt to murder her father at Tomerong, the trial will take place at Darlinghurst Court-house Sydney, on Monday or Tuesday next. The witnesses in the case have left to be in attend- ance at the trial. VOLUNTEEBS.— Edward Henry Arnheim, Esq., has resigned his appointment as Lieutenant in the Goulburn Corps of Volunteer Rifles. COURT OF REQUESTS.— On Tuesday, October 31, before their Worships Messrs Glanville and Hyam, Wm. Smith sued H. J. Gram for £9 9s, for work and labour. Postponed for a fortnight. ACCIDENT.— An accident happened to Mr Richards which have been attended with serious consequences. It appears that whilst driving his buggy homewards on Saturday evening last some of the tackling gave way, and the horse took fright when crossing the bridge near Cambewarra, and on his attempting to re- cover the mastery of the animal, he was precipi- tated over the bridge, and came down with great violence on his head, which was much bruised and lacerated. The suddenness and violence of the shock temporarily rendered him insensible. He is now recovering. BANQUET AT ULLADULLA.— Tuesday next, the 7th instant, is, we understand, the day set apart for the Banquet to James Warden, Esq., J.P., and M.P. for Shoalhaven at Ulladulla. The many years that Mr Warden has resided in that part of the electorate, and the high esteem in which he is held, by the inhabitants of Ulla- dulla, leads us to believe that on the occasion referred to there will be a very large gathering, notwithstanding the attempt of one or two selfish individuals, from motives of trade, to divert the attention of Mr Warden's friends at this end of the electorate, by getting up, what we must characterise, an opposition dinner. MONEY'S WORTH.— A country editor, whose subscribers complained very loudly that he did not give them news enough for their money, told them that, if they did not find enough in the paper, they had better read the Bible, which he had no doubt would be news to most of them. SENTENCE OF DEATH.— On Monday last, at the Bathurst Circuit Court, a youth named Richard Jones, alias George Edwards, was sen- tenced to death by his Honor Judge Hargrave, for rape at Goingulah. Prisoner did not seem to realise the awful position in which he was placed. His Honor held out no hope of mercy. STAMP HO!— A subscriber informs us that he recently had to give a receipt for money paid him at some distance from Bega. Neither payer or payee had a stamp, and not wishing to risk a £10-fine, our friend rode off for one, 14 miles, to the nearest post office. The postmaster was from home; the stock of stamps was low; and the P.M's wife was with difficulty persuaded to part with the essential pennyworth. The lady's scruples were finally overcome, and our friend rode off rejoicing. But fancy having to ride 28 miles to contribute a penny to the revenue, and save a mulct of £10.— Bega Gazette. THE CONVENT CASE.— Mr Fox, editor of the Irish Harp newspaper, has been dismissed from the presidency of the Roman Catholic Association. The paper above alluded to took exception to the action of Bishop Shiel in excommunicating the Superioress of the convent of St. Joseph. WHISTLIHG YOUTHS.— Several gentlemen have called our attention to the very objectable practice of shrill wristling indulged in by some of the lads at concerts and public meetings. We are always right glad to see human beings enjoy themselves as heartily as possible; but "est modus in rebus," which means "don't annoy your neighbours." Applause is generally grateful to those who labor for the amusement of the public; but our School of Arts perform- ances can afford to dispense with that sort of plaudit which is usually supposed to be the pe- culiar property of the gallery of a theatre, or the dress circle of a "penny gaff." The chairman of the next entertainment will perhaps bear these remarks in memory.— Bega Gazette. BORDER DIFFICULTY.— Considerable excite- ment prevails at Albury on this subject. At an "enthusiastic public meeting" recently held there, a resolution was carried, expressing a very emphatic opinion, that the best way of solving the difficulty would be the acceptance of the Victorian proposition for a temporary renewal of the existing treaty, subsequent valuation to be retrospective as regards the period of such tem- porary renewal. Unless something be done promptly for the settlement of this question, by the collective wisdom of the two colonies, it bids fair to become an "apple of discord" that will seriously compromise "friendly relations" be- tween South Wales and Victoria; and en- gender a spirit of antagonism by no means de- sirable for either colony. THE UNEMPLOYED.— The Victorian Govern- ment has, with commendable promtitude, hit upon a plan for providing work for those who need employment. The "unemployed" are to be engaged on the "earthwork fortifications" at 4s 6d per diem, a rate of wages which if small will, nevertheless, be very acceptable, on the principle that the half loaf is better than no bread. OYSTER CULTIVATION.— This industry promises to become one of importance at the Clarence, the Government having issued leases of certain oyster beds — one containing 100 acres at £1 per acre, and another at 5s per acre. The encouragement thus given will, it is anticipated, have a salutary effect in promoting the cultiva- tion of the oysters — a matter of no small conse- quence to the followers of the Epicurean school of Philosophy. A "CURE."— The mail telegrams informs us that Mr Sedgwick Cowper, in a letter to the Times recommends kerosene as a cure for cancer. If this be true, and the proposed remedy be really efficacious, Mr Cowper will have, indeed, "done the State some service," by introducing to the notice of those who suffer from this virulent disease, relief of so simple and inexpensive a character. TELEGRAPHIC "PIRACY."— Mr Buzacott, of the Rockhampton Bulletin, has commenced legal proceedings against the Northern Argus for "piratically" appropriating the telgrams of I the former journal. The case (the first of the kind) has attracted much attention, and the result is looking forward to with considerable interest. COMPLIMENT.— Mr R. W. McKellar, who has for the last six years filled the position of mana- ger of the Commercial Bank at Carcoar, was en- tertained at a public dinner, on the occasion of his leaving the district to take charge of another of the company's establishments. Mr McKellar's services were very highly spoken of and a senti- ment of general regret was expressed at his ap- proaching departure from the locality in which he has made so many attached friends. A LIGHT FINE.— At the Albury Police- court a man named Babbington was charged with an assult upon an adopted child by fixing a chain round the child's leg with a small log attached to it; the plea of justification was to the effect that he could not get the boy to do as he wanted him, he would not attend school nor do as he was told. Fined £5. "DIAMOND HUNTING."— This brilliant sport is said to be successful up at Wellington by Messrs. Sebenez and Colreavy, who have found several diamonds in the Macquarie, as well as some excellent samples of gold. A GOOD SPECULATION.— The Tambaroora Times says: Fifteen months ago there was half of a fourth share sold in the Star of Hope claim, Hawkins-hill, for £500. During that time the purchaser has realised £1500, and has this week resold the same interest to Mr L. Beyers, of the same claim, for the round sum of £7000, making a total, for fourteen months, of £7500. St. ANDREW'S COLLEGE.— At the monthly meeting of the Council of St. Andrew's College, it was reported that the sum available for the college was £11,049 14s 11d, of which £8360 9s 6d had been paid in cash, and £1788 9s 7d in bills. £900 15s 4d is still unpaid. It was stated that a good site was likely to be secured on the Missenden Road, next to Newtown. The Council have resolved to take immediate steps to secure the nomination of eligible persons from whom a Principal may be selected, the Hon. S. D. Gordon moved that the Rev. Dr. Lang be appointed temporarily, which was seconded by Mr John Frazer. This was voted by a majority of seven to two. The names of the following gentlemen were then submitted for the perma- ent office:—The Rev. Thomas Smith, D.D., of Edinburgh, by the Rev. Dr. Steel; and the Rev. P. S. Menzies, M.A., of Melbourne, by Mr Goodlet. Other names may be submitted at the next meeting. FORGERY.— At the Water Police Court on Thursday, J. M. Storm, formerly a resident of Maitland, and latterly in the employ of Messrs Stephen and Stephen, solicitors, Sydney, was committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the Central Criminal Court, for utter- ing a forged cheque for the payment of £75. A FRIGHTFUL FALL.— On Sunday week a miner named George Musfield, when returning home fell down a hole, 104 feet in depth, on the Happy Valley, Gulgong. The unfortunate man lay in the hole all Sunday night, and was dis- covered and brought to the top on Monday morning. He was in a very low condition, the sounds of the heart being scarcely audible. The left thigh and four of his ribs were broken, and the spine severely injured. THE RAILWAY.— It is stated that the Go- vernment railway traffic returns for the months of August and September show a large increase in the quantity of goods carried by the railway, and by consequence a large increase in the re- ceipts. The total tonnage of goods for August and September, 1870, on all the lines was 30,996 tons 16 cwt 2 qrs. For the correspond- ing months of this year, the tonnage was 35,929 tons, or an increase of nearly 5000 tons. RETURN OF THE GOVERNOR.— The Earl and Countess of Belmore arrived on Friday from Melbourne by the P. and O. Co.'s steamer. Captain Hixson was in attendance off Moore's Wharf with the barge, and conveyed his Excellency, to the Government jetty. As the Geelong came up the harbour a salute was fired by the artillery stationed at Dawes Point. DR. LANG.— Among the notices of motion in the Legislative Assembly of Victoria on Wednesday last, is the following, as reported in the Melbourne Argus of Thursday last:— "Mr MacGregor gave notice that he would, next day, move that this House will to-morrow resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the propriety of pre- senting an address to his Excellency the Go- vernor, praying that then may be placed upon a supplementary estimate for the present financial year the sum of £2000 as a gratity to Dr. John Dunmore Lang, formerly a member for Port Phillip in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in recognition of his services in securing the separation of this colony from that of New South Wales." THE RIGHT MAN IN THE RIGHT PLACE.— Mr G. F. Train is in Blarney, county Cork, canvassing for the next presidency of the United States of America. He had taken Ireland in his canvassing tour through Japan, China, India, and the Suez Canal." Some one endea- voured to secure him for public exhibition in Cork, but he declined on the interrogative ground that "What was the use of upsetting the Lord Lieutenant, imprisoning the chief of police, creating a panic in the Gladstone Ministry, put- ting Disraeli into power, making the Royal household shake with the palsy, Bismark quake with paralysis, Thiers go to bed with Banquo's ghost under the table, and the swindling treaties of the High Joint Dead-beats scattered to the winds." DRAINAGE.— One principal source of the great benefits derived from the deep cultivation and under-draining is owing to the fact that while surface-water that flows off the land passes over the soil, shallow ploughed and undrained it car- ries with it whatever fertilising matter it may contain, and even abstracts some from the earth. Deeply cultivated and under-drained land acts as a filter, retains all the organic and mineral substances held in solution in the water, and thus tends to enrich instead of impoverishing the soil. AN ATROCIOUS OUTRAGE.— Of late the news- papers in some localities have teemed with re- ports of gross outrages, but the following, which is reported by the Riverine Herald, is the grossest yet chronicled:— A monstrous crime has been committed at the Criterion Hotel on the person of a little girl known as Mary Ann Poulson, alias O'Brien. It appears that the child, who, it will hardly be credited, is under six years of age, was enticed into one of the back bedrooms, where the poor thing was brutally violated. Yesterday an arrest was made by the police, the child having mentioned the name of her supposed destroyer and pointed him out. The person arrested is well connected, and has hitherto borne the character of a sober, respect- able and inoffensive gentlemen. He had for some time occupied a room at the back of the hotel, where he was quietly sitting when ar- rested. £50,000 DONATION.— Among the various plans that are now in progress in order to over- take the spiritual wants of London, that of the Wesleyans, in response to the challenge of Sir Francis Lycett, deserves our attention. That gentleman lately offered to contribute fifty thousand pounds towards the erection of fifty new chapels in London, provided a similar sum were given by friends in the provinces. The supplementary list contains one contribution of five, and three of one thousand pounds; fifteen of five hundred, and twenty- four of two hundred and fifty. About one-half of the proposed sum has been contributed. CAUTION.— A case at the District Court prompts us to comment upon an easy-going cus- tom of many persons with regard to cheques. It is taken for granted that, when a man draws a cheque in payment of an account, he has funds in the bank he draws upon sufficient to meet the amount drawn for. Now a cheque is not money and the sooner the recipent of the cheque tests its value, the better. The safe plan is to turn cheques into cash within the next twenty- four hours; if people hold a cheque over for days, and even months, they must expect disappoint- ment in its payment.— Bega Gazette. A DUFFY GOVERNMENT.— The Standard re- marks that the McCulloch Administration at Victoria, having in a fatal moment giving inde- pendence to the Assembly by securing to each member an income of £300 a year, has been turned out by its own followers; and Mr Gaven Duffy reigns in its place. Mr Duffy's success in forming an administration, and the re-election of himself and his colleagues, are the most extraordinary proofs which any Australian democracy has yet given of the elasticity of its political conscience and the utter prostration of what is usually called principle. Mr Duffy was one of the principal leaders of the Young Ireland party in 1848, and stood his trial for rebellion and high treason in company with Mr Smith O'Brien and his associates. It is probable that the Chief Secretory of Victoria in 1871 is a different man from the wild Nationalist who wrote fervid ballads on the 'swindish Saxons' and their approaching extinction. Once, before an Australian public meeting, he declared him- self 'a rebel to the backbone and spinal narrow.' A man who talks about spinal narrow in such a connection, and then accepts a pension from the Crown, is probably not a very danger- ous character. There are one or two other circumstances in Mr Duffy's case which, how- ever give significance to his present elevation. A year or two ago Mr Duffy was chairman of a commission appointed to draw up a scheme of Australian confederation, and in that capacity reported in favour of the principle of the neutrality of the colonies in time of war — in other words, of virtual separation from the power and dominion of England. One of the leading features of Mr Duffy's present pro- gramme he has himself explained in the follow- ing words:— 'We are lifting an Australian flag; we are proclaiming an Australian policy, we are founding an Australian party.' What these words may mean is not very clear, and possibly they are only of the ordinary species of 'bun- comebe' which it is necessary for a democratic to utter. One cannot imagine that Australia, by the accession of Mr Duffy to the Government in Victoria, has suddenly renounced all her former convictions and has declared for independence; but it may be worth while to consider whether this choice of Mr Duffy in a Ministerial difficulty at Melbourne is not to a certain extent the re- flex of the colonial policy pursued at home by the Gladstone Administration. QUEEN VICTORIA IN 1832.— On the following Monday (26th March) I dined at Kensington Palace with the Duchess of Kent. The party was numerous: Lord Durham, Lord and Lady Surrey, The Duke of Somerset and Lady C. St. Maur, Lord Radnor, Sir John Sebright, the Duke and Duchess of Leinster, and Sir John Conroy. The Princess Victoria sat on her mother's right band. Sir John Conroy, the controller of H.R.H.'s household, sat at the bottom of the table. Lord Durham handed the Duchess in to dinner. The young Princess (her present Majesty) was treated in every respect like a grown-up woman, although apparently quite a child. Her manners were very pleasing and natural, and she seemed much amused by some conversation with Lord Durham, a manifest favourite at Kensington. When she left the company she curtseyed round every prettily to all the guests, and then ran out of the room. What will become of this young, pretty, un- affected child in a few years? . . . An interval of thirty-three years, a reign of twenty- eight years — some of them in very difficult, if not dangerous times — and the greatest of all calamities that can befal a woman and a queen, have not deprived her of the smile, the kind and gracious smile, which charmed me in those long bygone days, and with which she received an old servant and subject only two days ago [15th May, 1865].— Lord Brougham's Recollections. McGARVIN'S AUSTRALIAN HORSE OILS — Is well known and appreciated as the best remedy in the Australian Colonies for all kinds of wounds, bruises, cuts, swellings, stiffness of joints, sprains, inflammation, contusions, broken knees, greasy heels, girth, saddle, and collar galls, &c.;, &c.;, in the horse. For cattle, pigs, dogs, sheep, and all other animals, it will be found equally beneficial, and may be used, if required, on the human subject with safety and success. The proprietor's experience enables him, after manifold instances of its curative effects, to offer this remedy with the most per- fect confidence, feeling satisfied it only requires to be known, to insure for it an extensive de- mand. No farmer, settler, dairy keeper, or, in fact, any one keeping horses or stock of any kind, should be without a supply, as it will be found a most valuable resource in all cases of accident. It would be superfluous to say more in its favour, than to mention, that it is a most necessary acquisition to all owners of stock, especially those residing in the bush. A leading feature in these truly invaluable oils, is, that they prevent the attack of flies on the wounded part; which is generally found so troublesome to obviate. In bottles, 1s 6d, 2s 6d, and 3s 6d each, to be obtained at Mr H. Gregson's Terrara. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.— To the most regular Livers occasional disturbances of digestion will occur, which may be corrected at once by these famous Pills, the alterative and tonic powers of which cannot be too highly extolled. THE WEATHER.— During the past week the weather has been very damp, and the flying scud indicating rain, but up to the present there has been but little fallen. The fields and pastures have a splendid appearance, and the agriculturist and the dairy farmers are well pleased at the prospect of prolific returns in their several branches of industry. CHRISTMAS RACES.— Parties interested are reminded that a meeting will take place at Mr D. Hyams' on Wednesday next to enter- tain the subject of getting up the usual Christmas races. DEFACING A HIDE.— A charge of defacing a hide, against Edward Fletcher, will be enter- tained at the petty sessions on Tuesday next. VICE-REGAL VISIT.— We understand that His Excellency, the Earl Belmore will leave Sydney in the early part of next week, proceeding over- land to this and the Ulladulla Districts with the view of inspecting the volunteer corps at Ulla- dulla. BANK HOLIDAY.— Thursday next, being the Prince of Wales' Birth Day, the banks at Terrara and Milton will be closed. RANCID BUTTER.— To restore rancid butter, pack it in a keg or firkin, and then take a barrel, put in it about a bushel of charcoal, set the firkin of butter inside the barrel, and cover with brine, letting it stand three or four weeks, and it will be found restored unless it is very bad. POLICE COURT AT BROUGHTON CREEK.— A petition is in course of signature, requesting the Executive to establish a Court of Petty Sessions at Broughton Creek. This is much re- quired as there is a very large district between the Shoalhaven River, Kangaroo Valley, and the southern boundary of the Kiama police dis- trict, containing a population of, at least, two thousand souls. LEGAL.— Mr Thurlow has opened an office in connexion with his profession, at Kiama, under the supervision of Mr David B. Walker. Mr Walker has for a considerable period been studying the law, and is highly competent to conduct the business on Mr Thurlow's account. AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES.— Applications for new auctioneers' licenses in the Shoalhaven and Ulladulla districts will require to be lodged with the clerk of petty sessions on or before the 6th November proximo. The meeting of justices for granting licenses takes place on the 28th November. A REMARKABLE CRICKET MATCH.— A cricket match in aid of the Caxton Benevolent Fund, in which members of Parliament were to play against members of the Press, was to take place on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday last. The match was exciting a good deal of interest. PRINCE OF WALES' BIRTHDAY.— Thurs- day next is to be a gala day. The days amuse- ments will commence with the Crystal Spring Brass Band, turning out for the first time in public, and will proceed to the place named for the aquatic and athletic sports. The band we understand will play several lively airs in their course of march, as also during the day. For the entertainment in the evening it will be seen by reference to the programme elsewhere that a great treat is in store for those who may wish to enjoy themselves on this public holiday. We understand that all the business places in the district will be closed during the day. PAINFUL FATAL ACCIDENT.— On Monday last a shocking accident occurred in Sydney by which a lady was killed and two other re- latives were much injured. Mr John Fairfax, the senior proprietor of the Herald, was driven in to town with his daughter and daughter-in- law (the husband of the latter of whom, Mr Charles Fairfax, lost his life a few years since by a fall from a horse) when the horses bolted, Mrs Grafton Ross, Mr Fairfax's daughter, was so severely injured that she died shortly afterwards, and Mr Fairfax and his daughter-in- law were very much hurt. An inquest was held as to the death of Mrs Grafton Ross, at which the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. SPORTING.— The Melbourne Cup will be run for next Thursday but there does not appear to be much doing in Sydney as regards the result. Some business has been done in the betting mar- ket chiefly in doubles — Hamlet is at 6 to 4 for the Derby, Hamlet and Glencoe are much fancied for a double, which has brought up the latter horse's price; Hamlet and Clotilde, and Hamlet and Barbelle, have been backed for small amounts. Among the general public Glencoe is becoming a good favourite, and Foam's chance is looked upon as worth buying, and her price consequently gets shorter. The latest betting on the Cup is 100 to 12 against Glencoe, 100 to 8 against Barbelle, and 50 to 10 against Pyrrhus. FIREWOOD PILFERING.— A correspondent sends the following all but incredible state- ment to the Empire:— A householder in the suburbs missing firewood by an almost nightly depredator, bored some top logs charged well with gunpowder, and securely plugged. About noon on the following Sunday, he heard a loud report, and had the satisfaction to see his neigh- bours chimney topple. It was afterwards ascer- tained that the said neighbour had his arm broken, a child slightly scalded, his dinner done (or) in an unwished for manner, a chimney- glass shivered, sundry articles of furniture and the lower portion also of the chimney much damaged. The notion is now being followed by a few losers of firewood. If this statement is true, the law ought to be put in force against those who, to detect a petty thief, endanger the lives of innocent persons. Any loser of firewood, who might cause the death of even the thief him- self under such circumstances, would most cer- tainly be guilty of murder. THE TICHBORNE CASE.— A witness in this celebrated case in the person of Mr Charles Cox, who was an innkeeper residing at Hay, has gone to Sydney, for the purpose of proceeding to Eng- land by the outgoing mail, which leaves to-day, to give evidence against the Australian claimant to the Tichborne titles and estates. Mr Cox is in possession of the much-talked of pocket-book which formerly belonged to Tom de Castro. Mr Cox's passage to England and back is being paid, and he is being allowed one guinea a day from the time he left Hay until he returns to the colony. DEATH OF MR. T. MACNAB, THE DIVER.— By the arrival, the other day, of the schooner Melanie, we have been placed in possession of the particulars respecting an unfortunate acci- dent by which Mr Macnab lost his life. Mr Macnab has for many years past been intimately connected with all diving operations of any magnitude, the wrecks of the Dunbar, Catherine Adamson, Mimosa, and others having been visited when many fathoms down. His last un- dertaking was proceeding to Torres Straits, in the schooner Kate Kearney, to dive for pearl shell. On the 15th July he left the vessel in the cutter, and proceeded to the Melaine schooner, then lying in the N.E. channel, for the purpose of recovering an anchor belonging to the last named craft; and, it would appear, that while be was below the air pipe got deranged and useless, the result being that he was drowned. Those in attendance on the diving apparatus, on discover- ing something amiss, got the body to the sur- face and used every means to restore animation, but without success. Mr Macnab was much respected by a large circle of friends, and leaves a widow and five children. IT would seem that Garibaldi does not share in the fury of some of his party against RELICS, as it was announced in one of the newspapers lately that he had received, and promised to wear always, ring, containing a fragment of the skull of one of the Cairoli, who fell at Pa lermo DISTRICT COURT BAILIFF.— We stated about a fortnight since that a Mr Raven was appointed to the office of District Court Bailiff, at Kiama. Mr Raven resigned the office, however, and the appointment has since then, been filled by Mr G. Dunn, who for some time past has been mounted trooper in Wollongong. We under- stand it is not unlikely that Mr Dunn may be appointed bailiff to the Wollongong District Court also, the duties of the two Courts being thus performed by the same person for the future. Mr Dunt's place in the police stall of Wollongong has been filled by trooper W. D. Wright, who has recently joined the force, and is well known in this district.— Mercury. A LARGE AND STRANGE FISH.— At Manly Beach, between 4 and 5 o'clock on Tuesday (says the Herald) our well known fisherman, Benjamin Skinner, after repeated blows with a harpoon, succeeded at last by a thrust in the eye in securing one of the largest and greatest curiosities in the "finny tribe" imaginable, close to Mr Sharp's, Pier Hotel. It measures 10 feet long, 12 feet broad, and about 5 feet thick, no tail, with hard shell back. Why Skinner has been offered a considerable sum for this monster, but has declined to part with it until the Curator of the Museum has seen it, having been for some time past collecting for that gentleman. Many folks have ventured at opinion, such as "sun fish," "electric fish," &c.;, but Mr George Smith, who has seen sun fish and electric fish, positively states that it is neither. Therefore, until some one who really can take upon himself to as- sert what it actually is, this extraordinary scaly adventurer will remain a mystery. Whatever it is, the little village of Manly has turned out with the utmost interest to view the stranger, and are bothered in their conjectures as to the origin of their visitor. Six men have already stood on his back, and — although room for more — made not the slightest impression on his conical roof, one of the gentlemen being a well known citizen, and weighing up to 18 stone. SENSATIONAL INTELLIGENCE.— A corres- pondent sends us (Herald) the following: — "I know you are hard up for sensational news. Here is a bit for you. On Tuesday, at 5 p.m., at Hunter's Hill, a proverbe en action was performed. 'All's Well that ends Well." Dramatis personœ: An Irish mother, a French father, and three young Australians. The two younger kids were playing at the back of a cottage near a well, with the trap door open. Down tumbles baby. Sister, in trying to catch it, tumbles after. Hibernian mother (naturally ex- -citable through entertaining great horror for wather) plunges after her progeny with a yell, Monsieur, also naturally very excitable, follows the better-half with a sacre! The last of the Momohicans — a lad of seven years growth — thought be might do better than follow the steps of his parents, so he ran to a building in course of construction, close by. Men, ladders, ropes, &c.;, were brought into play. The whole family pumped up, bailed out, or otherwise got out of the well, perfectly uninjured. A most miraculous escape — really. An immediate application of the crathur, in the shape of P.B., set all the victims on their legs again in a few minutes." AUSTRALIAN POSTAL COMMUNICATION.— Some correspondence is published between Mr Baillie Cochraine and the Postmaster- General on the subject of improved postal communication with Australia. Mr Cochrane thinks the end would be secured by establishing a new line of steamers via the Cape of Good Hope, which, aided by a subsidy of £80,000, might afford accommo- dation at reduced rates to second and third class passengers; the time occupied being nearly the same as that by the existing overland route. Mr Mensell disputes Mr Cochrane's conclusions Experience shows, he pays, that large steamers constructed mainly with a view to afford passengers accommodation never attain a high rate of speed; while the colonies themselves, when invited seven years ago to contribute £25,009 a year as their proportion of the cost of a fortnightly service, declined the proposal. Further, the contract time by the Red Sea route is forty eight days; the average time taken by the Great Britain, the best of the auxiliary steamers that trade regularly between England and Australia, is fifty seven days. Hence the Postmaster General leaves us to infer that a mail service by the Cape would be slow, uncertain, and costly, while the whole expense would probably fall on the home exchequer. CURIOUS STORY OF A COUNTESS — The Court Circular relates the following anecdote respecting a noble lady. During the Army Bill debate her husband was just about to rise and deliver a violent attack something or somebody, when a telegram was put into his hands. He read it, turned pale, and quitted the House; called a cab, drove to the Charing-cross station, and went to Dover, and was no more heard of until the next day, when he returned to his own home, and to his first inquiry was told the countess was in her own room. He hastened to her, and terrific row ensued, the exact words of which no one knows but themselves. At last, however, he burst out," Then, what did you mean by your telegram?" "Mean! what I said, of course. What are you talking about?" "Read it for yourself," returned the still unappeased husband. She did read: "I flee with Mr —— to Dover straight. Pray for me." For a moment she was startled, but then burst into a hearty fit of laughter. " More dreadful telegraph people. No wonder you are out of your mind. I telegraphed simplv, "I tea with Mrs ——, in Dover-street. Stay for me.' " 