CAREER OF THE PSEUDO COUNT VON ATTEMS. The Straits Times, of October 15, gives the following account of this gentleman, in whom a number of persons in Australia still feel a lively interest:— By the last French mail from Java we have received a copy, forwarded to us from Soura- baya, of a legal document containing the Judge's summing up of the case on passing sentence on the pseudo Count von Attems. It is of very great length, hence we have thought it better to give only an abstract of it. The indictment was on two counts, first, for knowingly making use of forged commercial writings. Second, for escaping from prison by breaking out. The accused, whose real name is Curt Oswald Schmalz, was bom at Piraa, in Saxony, on May 24, 1843, and, after having successfully attended the commercial school at Plarien, begun his career at Trieste, where he obtained employment in a counting-house for a while, continued at the same time his studies at the commercial academy there ; but having incurred many debts, he secretly left the city in the 20th year of his age, and went to North America in a sailing ship. After his arrival in America he enlisted in the Northern Army in the 2nd Massa- chusetts Cavalry, and was promoted to be captain, but being discharged at the end of the war, he betook himself to Rio de Janeiro, where, after fruitless efforts to enter the Brazilian service, he obtained a situation from a certain merchant named George Davis. Shortly after this, on receiving news from his father that the latter was no longer able to honor his little bills drawn on the Saxon Con- sul, he left Rio again on account of running into debt; and after haying once more fruitlessly striven to enlist as a soldier, both at Monte Video and Buenos Ayres, he at the latter place received £50 on a bill signed Count Yon Auers- perg, a name assumed then for the first time by him. In the same way and under the same name, be afterwards defrauded several bankers at Bahia, Moyabamba, Lima, Guayaquil, San Juan, and Havana, of various sums, amounting altogether to about £2100, and, having at length arrived at New York, he obtained £100 from a banker there upon showing him a letter of credit from an English banker prepared by him- self. With this amount he paid his passage to Sierra Leone (West Coast of Africa). He there, still under the name of Count Von Auersperg, defrauded a banker of £200, and sailed afterwards to Madeira and from thence to Barcelonia. At these two places he received altogether on the aforesaid letter of credit £500. From Bar- celona he crossed over to Bona in Algeria, under the name of Count Wurmbrant Stuppach, and received there £100 on a letter of credit from Rothschild's banking house at Vienna, pre- pared by himself, after which he, on the failure of a like attempt at Algiers, took shipping for Constantinople, where, under the pseudo name of Count Von Landberg, he caused a banker to pay out to him £100. From Constantinople he went by a man-of-war steamer to Alexandria, and once more as Count Von Auersperg, re- ceived £500 both there and at Cairo, after which, under the name of Berthold Stone, he left Alexandria for Messina by the M. I. steamer Peluse. From Messina he went to Naples and procured a pass from Mr. Alfred D. Green, the American Consul there, under the name of Mr. Carel Von Berthold Stein, which pass was, at his own request, exchanged by Mr. Lawrence, American Consul at Florence, for another bearing the name of Mr. Charles Von Berhold Stone. With this pass he travelled to Trieste, stayed there for a short time under his true name, and paid some small old debts. Upon this he left for Vienna by railway under the name of Stone, and bought there from A. Zinner, a banker, a bill for £18 on the Anglo-Austrian bank at London, to the order of Captain Stone. He then, without having re- ceived any money at Vienna, set out for Lon- don by way of Dresden, where he paid a visit to his uncle, a Lieutenant-General of Infantry. Shortly after his arrival in London he bought a box with types and printing utensils, and also a bill-book, with the object of making use of them, if need be, in the preparation of forged bills. Before discounting the bill on the Anglo Austrian bank bought at Vienna, he, after obtaining the acceptance of Messrs. S. Beaumont, director, and F. Bruer, general manager of this bank, imitated the signatures of these gentlemen on a piece of paper by means of glass, procured a white cloth Austrian fancy uniform great coat, blue pantaloons, and a fancy cap with lace, and afterwards left for Amsterdam, where he presented himself to the Austrian Consul as Count Franz von Schon- born. Dressed in the aforesaid coat and cap, and pretending to be an Austrian officer, he was introduced under the above name to the managers of the Netherlands India Trading Bank there by the Austrian Consul, and caused the said managers to supply him with 9512f., that is, with 170 English sovereigns—2.o27.25,15f. English bank notes; 179.25f, 105,50f. in Dutch money, and a letter of credit for 7,200f. on the head agency of the said bank at Batavia, in exchange for four forged German bills filled up by himself on the Anglo-Austrian Bank, containing the signatures of the banker A. Zinner as drawer, and of Messrs. S. Beaumont and F. Breuer, respec- tively director and general manager of the said bank, as acceptors, for £200 each. Once in the possession of these valuables, he repaired to Paris, where, under the name of Baron Johann von Paumgarten, he procured from the firm of Norton and Co. a letter of credit for 14,163.10f. in exchange for bills forged as before to the amount of £600, on which he obtained at Paris IOOOf., and afterwards at Brussels from the agents of the said firm, G. Cased and Co., 5000f. After a very short stay at Brussels, he returned to London with the money received at the former place; from London he took passage for Australia. Once arrived at Sydney, he gave himself out to be Count Ignaz von Attems, cap- tain of horse in the Austrian army, and began his forgeries on a greater scale. Amongst other things, he prepared then a forged letter of recommendation from the Archduke Albert to the Austrian consulates in Australia and Asia, a forged permission to travel from the said Archduke and the Austrian Minister of War, a letter of introduction from Anton Count Von Auersperg to H. E. Sir John Young, Governor of New South Wales, a circular letter of credit from the Anglo-Austrian Bank to its correspondents in Australia and Asia, and lastly, bills, in the bill-book brought with him from London, to amounts of £100 and upwards, to the order of Ignaz Count Von Attems, with the forged acceptances for the Anglo-Austrian Bank of the above named Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer, payable by the bankers Glynn and Co., at London, and drawn by the Austrian Minister of Finances, Von Becke, on which the Austrian arms were printed on the margin in black ink, with a stamp produced at the trial and stated by the accused to have been bought at Marseilles. Across the bills the words " N0.," "Accepted," " Payable at," " Director," were printed behind the signature of Mr. Beaumout, " General Manager," behind that of Mr. Breuer, and at the foot " K. K. Finanz Miuisterium" above the signature of the Minister Carl von Becke. Whenever he had need of money he cut out more of these bills from the book, and furnished with his endorsement as Count Ignaz Von Attems, he sold them to several bankers, and did so to the amount altogether of about £6500, after which he, when he saw that the forgeries must be discovered, bought and fitted out at Brisbane a yacht named the Hamlet's Ghost, with which he steered for Java, with a crew en- listed by himself. Having come off Timor, and feeling a want of provisions and money to pay his men, he ran into Kupang and there endorsed. to J. H. de Siso, a trader, two of the bills prepared in Asttralia, one for £100 and the other for £200, for which he asserts that he received mostly cash. When he at last arrived at Sourabaya, he went to the British Consul, pretending to be' Count Ignaz von Attems. By means of the Consul he came into communication with the Agent of the Rotterdam Bank there, and sold to him, for the opening of a credit, two of the bills previously pre- pared in Australia and cut out of his bill book, for the amounts respectively of £200 and £500, of which amounts he only received 2700f. on cheques drawn by him on the agency of the aforesaid bank at Sourabaya and signed with the name of Ignaz Count yon Attorns. Being thereupon detained and afterwards taken into custody, he, at first, denied his guilt, but, re- penting afterwards of his misdeeds, made a full confession of his guilt, which was followed by a lengthy account of his adventures written by himself for the service of justice. This confession, so far as it bore upon the bill for £200. No. 10,327, sold to Mr. de Siso, and the two bills No. 10,323 and 10,329, sold to the Rotterdam Bank was confirmed—lst, by the witnesses Sech Sahan bin Said Bahmid and P. H. Soeters, agent of the said bank, the first of whom declared under oath that he, by the endorsement of Mr. de Siso, became owner of bill No. 10,327, and sold it to the Rotterdam Bank, never doubting of its genuineness ; and the latter testified that Mr. Van Laer, British Vice- Consul at Sourabaya, made him acquainted with the accused, and that he without any suspicion bought from the latter the bills Nos. 10,328 and 10,329, after the said Consul had come to his office bringing the bill book of the accused, and asking him if he would buy bills from the latter; that he hail already paid the accused £2700 for these bills, when he was informed from the head agency of the bank at Batavia, to whom the bills had been sent, that there was reason to believe that tho acnuied was the same as the Count von Schonborn who committed frauds at Amsterdam some months before; that this, when the suspicions were further strengthened, led to the arrest of the accused; that Mr. de Siso had reimbursed him for the amount of the bill he had bought from Bahmid, but that he had never received back any of the money paid to the accused. Secondly, by the declarations made by H. E. Franz Carl Freiherr von Beeke, Austrian Minister of Finances, that his signature appearing on the aforesaid bills, one of which and photographs of the two others had been shown him, were forged, and that the words "K. K. Finunz Ministerium" were not usually in use to designate the Aus- trian Financial Department. Thirdly, by the declarations made by Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer that their signatures on bills No. 10,328 and 10,329, shown to them photographically, were forged, and neither written by them nor put there by their authorization, co-operation or approval; fourthly, by a declaration made by F. Engelhardt, one of the directors of the Anglo-Austrian Bank, and the said F. Breuer, furnished with an impression of the seal of the said bank and attached to bill No. 10,327, that the signatures of Messrs. Beaumont and Breuer, appearing on the said bill are forgeries. And lastly, by comparing the aforesaid bills with the blank ones in the bill book, which clearly showed that they are not only identically the same, but had been also cut out of the said bill book. Then follows the summing up of the facts as to the attempted escape of the accused from prison, and the evidence for the prosecution on that count. According to what is stated, when the accused was in hospital for medical treat- ment in August, 1869, he formed the idea of escaping by flight from further prosecution. For this purpose he made use of a knife which he had obtained from some one during a former stay at the hospital; and kept it care fully ; with this knife he cut out, during eight successive nights, the wood of the window sill to which the iron window bars were fastened, and kept the chips carefully. At last, in the night of the 17th and 18th August in the said year, when everything was ready, he placed a bench that was in his room upright against the wall under the window, climbed on it, drew a bar out of the window, and then made his escape through the opening thus made, leaving behind the knife, and letting himself down by a rope fastened to the nearest bar, which rope had been given to him at his own request for hanging his clothes to dry. Before getting down he hid the pulled out bar under his bed, and so arranged his pillows that at first sight it might be thought there was someone in the bed. Having endea- vored to swim over the river behind the hos- pital, he dived under water on hearing human voices, and, after floating down the stream, he landed and went towards the city. Finding a Javanese sleeping in his boat in the great river, he awoke him and bade him row towards the sea, and, having arrived in the roads, ordered him to row the boat to the coast of Madura. When he heard the boatman say, on arriving at a certain campong, that he was not able to bring him to Sampang, he (the accused) stepped ashore, paid the boatman six guilders, and afterwards went to Sampang, on a horse lent to him by the head man of the campong; from Sampang he reached Pamakassan at length, on a waggon furnished him by the Assistant-Resident, having nothing else with him than a small bundle containing his clothes and some papers, and wholly with out money. At the last-named place he re- paired to the Resident, and asked him for some post-horses for Sumanap, asserting that he was named Stone, and was captain of marines on board the U.S. ship Hartford, Commodore Howard, which ship had been taking soundings between Bali and Kangean Island; he further- more asserted that he had been charged to carry over despatches to Sourabaya, and, now that his mission had been fulfilled, wished to return on board by way of Sumanap ; the said Resi- dent, on hearing this, became suspicious, and caused a controleur to guide him to Sourabaya, saying at the same time, that the ship could not be reached from Sumanap by prahus, after whioh he was again arrested at Sourabaya and brought back to prison. The accused in his defence admitted the forging and uttering of the aforesaid three bills, but alleged that the latter, owing to the misdescription of the Austrian Minister of Finances, the spelling of the name of the firm Glynn and Co. with two n's instead of one, and the improper way of sealing, lacked the legal criteria of bills of exchange. The court held that this defence was groundless, that the bills contained the criteria required by the law, that the defects pointed out by the accused were not amongst those set forth in the Commercial Code, and even if it were otherwise it would not prevent the prosecution and condemnation of any one who, after forging such bills, should knowing utter them. The court also denied the truth of an assertion made by the accused that of the two crimes laid to his charged he should legally be punished for the graver one only. The Court thereupon proceeded to pass sen- tence on him, but taking into consideration the full confession he had made, his comparative youth at the time of the commission of the crimes, and the seductions he had been exposed to during his very eventful life, thought fit not to punish him with the utmost severity the law allowed. His sentence therefore was, —1st, imprisonment for six years in the House of Correction aud the payment of a fine of IOOOf., and confinement for fivo months in case the fine be not paid. 2ndly, six months' im- prisonment, to begin after the expiration of the foregoing terms. The stamps made use of by him for forging were ordered to bo destroyed. The High Court of Justice, to which the sen- tence was referred for revision, increased the House of Correction term from six to ten years but confirmed the remainder. At the Chester winter assizes of 1869, William Kirkham, laborer, of Kinnerton, was convicted of a criminal assault on Alice All- mark, daughter of a laborer of Chester. At the last Chester August assizes the same girl, who then lived in the service of Mr. Bird, of Higher Tranmere, brought a similar charge against another man, who was acquitted. The same gentleman defended in both cases, and as he doubted the girl's veracity, and remembered that Kirkham had always protested his inno- cence, he interested himself in the latter's be- half, and made a representation on the subject to the judges who tried the cases, the result being that Kirkham's sentence is remitted. MESSRS. REILLY and Co., gunmakers, Oxford- street, London, were fined ,£20 at Bow-street Police-court, for having unlawfully sent 2000 gunpowder cartridges by the London and South Western Railway Company to Paris, by way of Southampton and Havre, with out any notice or information as to their nature being given to the company. The packages contained potatoes, and the cartridges were concealed beneath the vegetables. On the discovery of the deception at Havre, Messrs. Reilly's manager said the goods were sent as vegetables because they would not pass the Customs if declared, and he offered to pay money to the company to prevent exposure. The magistrate remarked on the danger to the public of sending cartridges in this manner, and said the defendants had not only practised a fraud on the company, but had acted in direct contra- vention of the Queen's neutrality proclamation. 