FLOODS IN THE BRAIDWOOD' DISTRICT. (From the Braidwood Liberal, 6th inst.) Again the Braidwood district has been visited by floods. Desolation, destitution, misery, and loss have been carried to the homes of hundreds. The town and district, which were rapidl}- recovering from a period I of unexampled depression caused by succcs- ' sive floods and wet weather, have again been thrown back fo1* at least three months by the rains of last week. The present floods were altogether unexpected, and took most persons by surprise. We have been so often visited by rains and floods during the last fifteen months, that we had begun to consider our selves rree from such visitations at last, and the couple of months of fine weather we ex perienced prior to the present downpour of rain strengthened this impression. But al though hope and cheerfulness had taken the place of dejection, the grateful change was not of long 'continuance, and once more the inhabitants of this district arc doomed to struggle against adverse circumstances. In Braidwood it began to rain on Friday, and continued to do so during Saturday, but not in such volume as to chuso much appre hension. During the whole of Saturday night it descended in torrents, and the first sight that presented itself to view on Sunday morning was floods in every direction. At the entrance to the town from the northern end the water was over the bridge, and the flat called St. Yincent Square was completely under water. At Jcinbaicumbene there was till uiimtiiou oj 1CI71/ ui nui.ui, ai-iii iu.ii; i;i uua. was for a time uncrossable. The Shoal haven TUvcr was tremendously high, and the water flowed over into some of the adjacent farms. So strong was the current that the boat was unable to cross, and mail commu nication was prevented. Sunday's mail did ?not reach here till Wednesday, when Tues day's mail also came to hand, and since then the- mails have regularly reached Braidwood. In Araluen the rain commenced to descend about the same time as. in Braidwood, but all was quite' safe till Saturday eveuiiig, and no fears were then entertained of a flood. The mail crossed the main creek going over to ?Burketown between 5 and 6 o'clock that evening, and then returned to Rcdbank. Shortly after dark, however, the rain came d.own in fearfully hoary showers, and about 10 o'clock distress whistles were sounded by the engines in the creek. The rain continued to fall during the whole of Saturday night, at times coming down in torrents, and m the morning the destruction that was found to have been done was fearful to contemplate. The main creek had risen to an unprece dented height, and the volume of water in it, breaking through all obstacles, rushed with the greatest velocity through the claims, filling them with sand and water, burying engines, tip-carts, harness, &c.;, and sweep ing everything before ? it. Seven or eight engines were buried in the sand. It 'is.be- licvcd that most of them will be recovered again, bixt not without much expense, and the probability is that most of them will require y extensive repairs to put them in working order again. The owners of claims will SllfFm* mnsfc ?fclnwno-'h -iTinJp 'm-nnnrl l-im'-nnv -fiUnr! in with sand, as this will render it extremely difficult to open them again. Tlie ? loss of tip-carts, tools, &c;, will also greatly impede o])erations, and a great deal of capital will be required to open up the claims again. It is doubtful whether £5000 would be sufficient to put the claims in a working condition again, and the most calamitous ef fect of the present floods is that most of the shareholders were working men, whoso means were nearly exhausted in opening the claims after the floods nrflfiPrHiifr flint nf Insf: wnnlr. The consequence of this is that they are now all but penniless, and how the claims are to. be opened again is a nrystcry. The storekeepers during several months of depression assisted the claims greatly by giving credit, but they apparently do not feel disposed to dp so much longer ; and cven: ?were the}'- so inclined, the drain upon them might be too severe. Another unfortunate circumstance is that it will take such a length of time before washing can be resumed — r about throe months — even supposing the weather keeps fine and the meaas are at hand to reopen the' claims. In a couple of claims washing can bo resumed much sooner, per haps in a fortnight or three weeks, but in the majority of the claims there will be aprd-=: tracted delay. Tub Floods at Bijaidwood. — The Dis patch of Saturday writes .—The accounts differ very much from the various parts of' the district as to whether the late flood was higher or lower than any of the preceding floods of last year. This is to be accounted for in some measure hj the force of the cur rent in the different creeks and rivers having boen strongest in places where the waters have had room to expand by the former washings away of soil. We hear in some localities of large logs having been washed away left by floods which occurred more than twenty years since. Although the waters niiiv not liavfi been a,s lnVTi in srvmn sr-rW\« as those of last year, the body of water was, higher generally, and the overflowing of the' creeks would have_bepn..considoi'a'bly. .higher tlian- -was evci' known had their channels not been enlarged and enabled the better to carry away the waters. A good deal of injury has been done at Reidsdalo, in addition to the places mentioned in our last issue, by the washing away of fences and the stripping of the land of its soil. An unusual amount of injury has been caused in the latter parti-' uumr uu ciniuw aying uwms uu uns, occasion. On the upper parts of the Shoalhavcn the river appears to have boen much higher than was ever before known, and the farmers there have suffered very severely. At Oianmicr, the residence of Mr. M. Griffin, better known to old sett lers as Mr. Tarlington's old house, was completely washed away with the land upon which it was built. The stock of apples which were stored in it were carried away with the timber, of which it was composed, in large numbers down the river. A great deal of mischief has boen done to the diggers' races on the Shoalhaven, and it will take a considerable time to repair some of them. The Jcmbaicumbene diggers have also been losers to a considerable extent, the flood-in its inexorable grasp having carried awaytlieir water-wheels, tip-carts, and other mmmg implements, which were swept down into the river amongst the debris of fallen trees and other property coming down the stream from ; above, and which cannot be recovered -until' the river lowers, if even then. The river was strewn on Monday and Tuesday with immense trees, posts and rails, dead fowls and other sun dries, and bore its own record of the destruc- 1 tion and loss which it had caused. The boats | belonging to the diggers at Bombay and Col ombo were also borne down by the spoil-laden current, and will probably bo found stranded upon some inhospitable shore further down. We understand that the sudden rise of the river in the middle of the night was- nearly resulting fatally to some of the inmates of the Warrimill cottage, the miller . having the pillows washed from under his head while asleep. A wedding party happened to be in the cottage tha.t night, having in their return from Goulburn where the wedding took place, been prevented from crossing ttib river the previous night, and the bride with, her husband and lady friends had to fly from their apartments in the greatest haste in away, and take shelter for tuc remainder of the night in a neighbouring hut on higher ground. As we remarked in our last issue the damage caused by the flood is very in significant in any part of .the district com pared to Araluen, where it is to be hoped some measures, of relief will be speedily devised. The Catholic Bazaak, Dubbo.— The promoters of the Drawing and Bazaar,- in aid of the Building Fund of the New. Catholic Church, Dubbo, the Dispatch states, have determined upon holding them on the 13th and 14th June next— the race nights— hi the Mechanic's Institute Hall. We understand that a great many of. the Lottery tickets have been already disposed of in various parts of the west, and the affair promises to be successful. The prizes for distribution are very valuable, and as a chance can be purchased for a shilling, there arc few who i will not speculate that amount. It is said a number of ladies are labouring very ener getically on behalf of the Bazaar, and the result of their exertions will _ be, it is expected,' -witnessed at the various stalls. Farmv work, and the other nick-nacks which usually find a pkee at these fairs, arc to be present in great variety, and altogether the promoters beticve that a good round, sum will be netted. The time for holding the fBazaar is fast approaching, and ladies at a distance who are working for it, should as early as possible send their various con tributions. The Late Father Schall. — We (the Adelaide Chaplct and Southern Cross) re gret exceedingly to learn that the Marist Mission has experienced a severe loss in the death of Father Schall, until lately a most active missionary in the jSTavigators Islands, under Dr. Elloi. Father Schall had returned to Villa Maria, near Sydney, on account of failing health, no doubt caused solely- by his -labors and excessive exertions ; but the xemecly came too late, ' and he slowly sunk from exhaustion. We may truly say of him that his life was a martyrdom, and wore soiue of his privations and labours to be known, they would be found to bear comparison with any records of. missionary zeal. Fath-r Schall was comparatively a young man, and was a fellow student in 1853 with Father Woods, of this diocese. Before that ho had been a conscript in the French army, and had acwi.sumu . sui yiuu. j..Lt; who ; --luchxj hjujajvuli by all who knew him, and will be especially deplored in his mission. Header, of your cha rity say a Hail Mary for the repose of his soul. A Pupil of St. Augustine's School. — A few weeks since Master Abraham Hart, son of Mr. Henry Hart, of the Royal Hotel, Yass, left St. Augustine's school, Yass, and was taken to Sydney, where ho entered the public ?school at Fort-street on last Monday, and now through the kindness of Mr. Hart we have been favoured with the perusal of a letter which he received/ from, a relative in Sydney giving an account of the admission of his son to this far-famed educational es tablishment. After undergoing the usual course of examination at the time of entrance, this youth, who is not yet 14 years of age, ' was at once placed highest but one in the fifth class.' When we take into considera tion the fact that this is the highest classifi ?ft.i.fcinn n.fchn'nfi.hlp. n't: nnv of the miblifi schools in the colony, we think it must be most gratifying to his parents as well as to his teacher, Mr. Shannon — and indeed we arc only happy in having to concede to the latter gentleman the credit of having trained a pupil, who has attained such a high distinc tion in a school attended by over 1700 boys, and where every facility is afforded for carrying out the system of instruction in its entirety. We have been assured by Mr. Hart that his only reason for removing his son from under Mr. Shannon's tuition, is that he had no oppor tunity of having his children instructed in the Hebrew persuasion at Yass, and wo hope that as Master Hart is now at the leading public school in the colony that he will con tinue as he has ever done to be attentive to his studies, and so improve that in the end he may come forward an ornament to his family and a credit to his tutor. While pay ing to Mr. Shannon the compliment that is .-justly his due, the parents of those children attending his school must feel pleased to know that there arc now several youths at St. Augustine's fully competent to enter for examination at the University.: — Argus. Census. — The population of the police dis trict of Shoalhaven, the News states, is — in the County of Camdcn 1018 males and 970 females,— in St Vincent 1346 males and 1106 females. Total population 4440. The four principal religious denominations arc, Church of ?England 1606, Roman Catholic 106% Presbyterian 1031, Wesleyan 598, the remaining numbers include Congregational ists, Baptists, Lutherans, Marariaus, Quakers, Unitarians, Hebrews, free Church of England, Plymouth, Brethren and no religion. The Ejama Ghost Embodied. — Says the Sj'dney correspondent of the Dubho Dis patch -. — ' Another extraordinary apparition has been seen in the Wollongong district. While a Census Collector was out with his papers he met—a gorilla ! Stare not, gentle reader. Such ? is the story that comes to us from the Siamese shores, and like a good many more stories that have come from the same locality, we might be able to swallow it, with a grain of salt. Well, Sir, the eollec- ' .tor swears he saw the gorilla — a regular ani mal of the De Chaillu species — and at one time intended to serve him with a census notice, but the stranger made off too quickly. I don't mean to cast any doubt on this story, but is it not just probable that the gorilla is no other than the long lost and ardently looked for Kiaina Ghost.' The Plain Tuuth About the The*, tbbs, &c;— The theatrical critic of the Aus tralasian writes :— On Monday night, at the Theatre Royal, Mr. Coppin took a benefit and made a speech. Highly condensed, Mr Coppin's speech may be described as a de claration that theatrical management in Mel bourne is not so profitable as theatrical managers would like it to bo, and that there fore managers are driven to their wits' end. to please the capricious public. Shalcspeore - and other legitimate dramatic performances Mr. Coppin says, will not attract the expenses of the theatre, and therefore ' Jack Shcppard' is inevitable. ' Jack Sheppard' is the stand ing threat of managers whenever theatrical times are dull. There is, according to thorn no middle course between the bard and the burglar, and the bard's name is considered to be quite sufficient attraction, without cither good acting, good scenery, or a . reasonably comfortable place in the house from which to sec him. So that if a theatre, capable of holding, say £200, should yield only £24, the fault is entirely with the public. The doors of the theatre being, open, it is the duty of the public to enter them, not considering whether there is anything inside worth the seeing or hearing. It is 'unreasonable, from a managerial point of view, that the 'public should insist upon having the worth of their money. Nevertheless, --they do so insist, whether the money's worth be groceries or plays. The Ministby and the Education Bill. — In this edition (states the Advocate) we can do no more than very briefly allude to the speech with which Parliament was opened by his Excellency on Thursday last. It is even more vague and unsatisfactory than Royal or gubernatorial addresses usually are. The}'- attempt to .relievo them selves of the responsibility of their. Education Bill by entreating the House -to fake it off their hands, and deal with it as a question of national importance, into the discussion of which no party considerations should intrude. It is certainly a question of the greatest im portance, but it is in their dealings with such questions Ministries stand or fall. It is by measures involving principles of magnitude Administrations are tried, and not by pro posals involving no policy. The constituen cies have decided against the Ministry on this education question ; it was the issue they themselves put to the country, and they can not under a system, of Constitutional Govern ment shirk the responsibility they thus incurred. They are committed to the bill they introduced at the close of the' last ses sion, _ and must abide by its 'principles or incur the obloquy of retaining office after forfeiting all right to it. On the Bill which is nowr law in England the Government gave way upon several points of more or less importance, but did not yield upon one involving a leading principle of the measure. The leading principle in Mr. M'Culloch's bill arc numerous, for the change proposed is radical and revolutionary, and he cannot abandon them if he is incap able of retaining office against the will of the country and in defiance of Constitutional usages. It Avill not do to hand over the Bill to the House to be completely remodelled. It is much better that the settlement of the question should be deferred than that the Administration should ignore its responsibility to the House and the country. From some correspondence that has passed oecween tue ixovemments of Queensland, and Tasmania, wo (the Advocate) find that the Government of Tasmania is ready to accept the proposal of a joint contribution to the steamboat service between continental Aus tralia and Java on the following scale: — Tasmania, l-16th ; Queensland, l-16th; JNTew South Wales, 5-16ths ; Victoria, 7-16ths; South Australia, 2-16ths. This scale would, of course, be subject to a slight modification, should South Australia stand aloof from the projected arrangement. The Tasmanian Go vernment is of opinion that the proposal now made on the part of Queensland for complet ing the circle of telegraphic intei'course with Europe via India must command itself to the ? approval of the governments of all the Aus tralian colonies. With reference to the Railway works on ]N'o 8 Contract, the Bathnrst Times remarks : — Since our last report of the state of the works on this section, considerable progress has been made. All the cuttings are com plete writh the exception of 'three, and blasting is proceeding rapidly. All the small culverts arc completed and the 30ft. arch, (176 feet long) at Dirty Swamp, will bo finished in about a fortnight. The only other culvert is a 20ft. one 'at Salt 'Water Creek where the contractor has encountered unexpected difficulties, having had to go about 26ft. below' the surface 'to get a good foundation, a considerable distance passed THMAiirt'li hmniv *N ^tn n lT-rtr» tVyl ? -err l-» t /-j I » nnO /^flTl SfM L dolajr as well as great expense. The work, however, is in a forward state, one wall being completed and .the foundation for halt of the other being in''. The late rains have, however, filled in the excavation with sand and silt. There are two over road bridges on this section one near Dirty Swamp has just been commenced, and 123,000 bricks are ready for the other. The contractor has already got about 10,000 sleepers on the section as well as a mile of rails and other material for the permanent way. 