EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF LORD BROUGHAM. One of the most remarkable stories re cently told appears in Lord Brougham's autobiography, which has just been issued by Messrs. Blackwood : — ' A most remark able thing happened to me — so remarkable that I must tell the story from the begin ning. After I left the High School, I went with (i ? , my most intimate friend, to attend the classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we fre quently in our walks discussed and specu lated on many grave subjects, among others, on the immortality of the soul, and on a future state. The question, aud the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walk ing, but of the dead appearing to be living, were subjects of much speculation ; aud we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubts we had entertained of the ' life after death,' After we had finished our classes at the college, G ? went to India, having got an appointment there in tbe Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost forgotten him ; more over, his family having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them, or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had. nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken, as I have said, a warm bath ; and while lying in it and en joying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I turned my head round, looking towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? , looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know uot, but on recovering my eeusen I found my self sprawling on tbe floor. The apparition, or whatever it was that had taken the like ness of Q ? , had disappeared. This vision produced such a shock that I had no inclination to talk about it, or to speak about it even to Stuart ; but the impres sion it made upon me was so vivid, as not to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it, that I have here written down the whole history, with the date, December 19 th, and all the particulars, as they are now fresh before me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to tny eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt; yet for years I had no communication with G ? , nor had there been anything to recal him to my recollection. Nothing had taken place daring our Swedish travels either connected with G — — or with India, or with anything relating to him or to any member of his family. I recol lected quickly enough our old discussion, and the bargain we had made. I could pot discharge from my mind die impression that Q— must hare died, and that his appearance to me was to be received '? me as a proof of a future state.' This n-a-; on December 19th, 1799. In October, 1802, Lord Brougham added as a post cript : — ' I have just been copying out from my journal the account of this strange dream. Ceriit ima mortis imago. And dow to finie); the story, begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return to Edinburgh, there actually arrived a letter from India announcing G ? 's death, and stating that he died on December 19th.' 