MISSION TO THE ABORIGINALS OF QUEENSLAND. ('Abridged from the Courier.') A public meeting was beld in the Congrega tional Church, Wharf-street, to make arrange ments for the formation of a Queensland Aboriginal Missionary Society, in connection with Mr. Fuller's mission at Fraser's Island. There was a fair attendance, and the Rev. E. Griffith occupied the chair. The object of the meeting having been intro duced by the Chairman, The Rev. J. Buckle said tbat he had been intimately acquainted with Mr.- Fuller since bis arrival in Brisbane, and had never given him any encouragement to undertake the mis sion ; iu fact, both, as bis ecclesiastical superior and as a friend, he had sought to dissuade him from the attempt. He had, however, pledged himself to undertake this work, and after all tbe arguments against tbe undertaking had been presented to him, he -said that he bad pledged himsdf not to man but to Almighty God to proceed with it, and he would do so. In December, he received a letter, from Mr. Fuller, informing him of what he had done on the island,' and also that his means were ex hausted. Having occasion to go to Gympie, it was resolved tbat he (Mr. Buckle) should pay a visit to the scene of the mission. In pursu ance of thiB design he left Brisbane on the lBt February, and proceeded to Gympie* and from thence to Maryborough, arriving there .on the 21st Februaiy. Before he bad been long in Maryborough bis attention bad been invited to two or three young black lads, who intimated that they bed been for some time attending school in connection with the mission station at Fraaet'e Island, Be examined tb«re boya to B&a; if Mr. Puller's letter concerning the pro* : . gress made by the boya at school would be j corroborated, anicfiie found that not only was I that report fully justified, but that they were 1 really further advauced than had been stated. During his stay in Maryborough he received a letter from. Mr. Davidson, the secretary of the mission' in Brisbane, stating' that subscriptions were coming in liberally, and authorising him to spend £10 or £15 in necessities for the mis sion. Before he had arrived in Maryborough the friends of tbe mission had been actively making subscriptions for it, and had been very successful in getting a large amount of pro visions from the storekeepers in the town, and a box of very useful necessaries had arrived fr.im Rockhampton. i He had spent even a little more than had been authorised by Mr. David son in getting useful requisites for Mr. Fuller. When they h'ad got all ready for a start to the island, they were, by the kind permission of Mr. Travis, granted a free passive to Wide Bay by the steamer, and by the kindness of the Minister for ^Vorks they were taken from there to Fraser's Island (or Winganwullah, as the natives termed it) by the pilot boat. The mis sion is situated about ten miles from the mouth of- the Maiy River. On their arrival there they, got a most cordial and hearty reception from Mr. .Fuller. The house is a most simple and unpretentious establishment, and consists ' of a wooden frame covered with ordinary ticking, sufficient to screen Mr. Fuiler from the rays of the sun, but be veiy much doubted if it was sufficient to afford much protection during one of the heavy thunderstorms to which we are accustomed. Mr. Fuller's in dustry was remarkable. Since he had arrived at the island in October last, he bad, in conf pauy with his coadjutors, . cleared over an adre and a-half of' land, and they had sown various classes of seeds. He was sorry to £ay, however, that the plants had thriven very badly tbrongh some cause. There were two classes of soil on the Island ; the first was of a light sandy nature, and the other a rich black Vegetable soil: Mr. Hill, of tbe Gardens, to whom, he had -shown specimens of the soil, had informed bim that the latter class would, with proper drainage and tnorough cultivation, prove very productive. He had also said that the failure of the seeds proceeded from their being planted in the wrong season. . Since Mr. Fuller had been there, there was not the slightest doubt tbat , be had earned bis bread by tbe sweat of bis brow. ' Witb his own hands ^ind with only- a tin-dish as an instrument, -he Md dammed back the waters of a creek, so as to have a'supplyof fresh water in all seasons. -.He (Mr. Buckle) had tasted this waiter, and he musVsay that it was tbe best he had ever -drank in Queensland. He had also constructed j another dam, which was originally intended j for a private bath, and also a dam sufficiently 1 -capacious for twenty persons to bathe in. , The j natives of this island bad always borne the name of being very savage, and also treacher ous, and perhapsthere were good reasons to gire'them this name. The fact that they were cannibals was proved incontestably. During his (Mr. Buckle's) residence there, one of the finest young men on the island was, with his ? ffipthpr, destroyed, and there was veiy strong \- pboflthat their fiesb had been also eaten. He had, however, observed many traits of natural affection among the natives , which he did not expect. He had,also. observed that some of the ladies weredestitute of the little finger on : the left hand,' and on inquiring the reason for this mutilation .was told that it was a sign that the damsel had beenled to the hymeneal altar. This little finger was given to the husband as a proof of the aftection in which his wife held him, land was'noti 'compulsory portion of the marriage ceremony, but entirely optional with j the lady* Mr.Fuller taught two classes of tbe j natives daily, one in the morning and one in ] tbe afternoon. Some of the children were now j Able Jo write letter^ of the alphabet, and make figuiffi|pD slates. There was also an advanced das^ which three - pupils attended — Lennie, i Tommy, and Tobie. Lennie had made very] rapid progress, and was now able to -read the | 2Jew Testament with comparatively little as- j . aistancel He had asked Mr. Fnller if the i blacks had any idea of a Supreme Being, and - he had told iiim that the .belief in a superior ? being was general ajnong them. They also be ? lievedin'the existence of an evil epiritjwhom thfey . called ''Mellong.' They ascribed, ja.ll ? -their -inrablee to him, andbelieved his mission ?was to anpoy and bother them. . In a private coDvereation.wbich he had with them they jfaily corroborated these statements, ' and he \- also found that they believed very implicitly in ghosts,' whom they called- * Mnthar-muthar.' ; $ - During bis stay he: had Bome very interesting 1 ' conversations ;: witb them, and they had treated him jrery. Thejr had treated him to some excellent crabs, but the principal food of these5 aboriginals was a ..root railed the native honeysuckle, and a large cockle called by' tbeip Hurong.' Mr. Faller had ,£aaght them 'to hypins, and they now render aeyerar in ^a,. very pleasing and^e^tiveiiian n er.l He haanofc the! least \- -doubt that Mr. Fuller, despite all the dangers -of his position, andallthe deprivations he had to undergb, would continue his work upon thfe island, and 'that he Was prepared for every' thing th&t; came before him. He had put the -question to &ijii; tbat in the event of hts station bejng brbken itipen and his provision's robbed, -jr even-hiB llfeepdangered,what course would he purene j and he had answered tha,t_he. would still persevere. Hitherto, although he had exposed'his life in a most perilous manner, hfe had beeh protected- by the providence of ?Ood, and expressed the Sliest confidence in the blacks bywhom he was surrounded. His provisions mere exposed nightly to robbery, but not s ingle native had interfered w/th them^ He concluded bf expressing a . hope thatsomep^tic&y; measures wonld be takeL for the |^te$itdt|on of the mission, aB itsim ^rtaowisina|nisdEuneas had,nbw been clearly proved.^ ' '. :*££'?- ;.^-v ; The Ohainnan said that thejvintended to farm ia society free^ ftt-m& all sectarian bias, -with' the;objMt~Of^sehding- tbeflospel among the at^ii^nal8, ^d u po n the same basis as the * ? Mr. pa^dron*thMj«ad;the ixdes, of thepro posed waofflatibn/ . -V- The Bev. B. Q.: Wilsoh moved the' first reso lution as f^fjft^^hat- this meeting ^ recog nises iw'p iie^ssi^T; ' 'f ? ? icing made to ' among 'the (heathen) . aborigines bf nthis colony, and pro poses that .the Queensland. Aboriginal Mission ora lu J frtp ' t.hot. nhiori KoCAfl npon- the regulations now read for approval, andtliatan aSjoiu-ngd Jiieeling be held in May, to consider the confinnatioh ofthe plan.' - Thaiesoliitibn'was seconded by Mr. Hooker, «ndi'parried:nnanimou6ly. ; Tne BevI Ji ;-}. Hausmann moved, the second Tesolutiq4,jMi follovp 4—' That Mr.J. C. Foote be treasurer,- -.Mr. £. . Hooker be secretary, and the Bevs. B. G. . Wilson, E. Griffith,C. Ogg, J. Buckle, 8. Savage, * and Messrs.' ' Milne, A. Davidson, J. 6.Swan,fi. Davidson, and A. Robertson, be th/s oommittee, in accordance with thefifth resolution^; and that they be re quested to communicate with ministers and other parties not residentin Brisbane, with the objectof inviting them to cb-oporate as mem bers of the society.' ? The motion was seconded by Mr. Rogers, and carried unanimously. Thedoxology was then sung, and the meet ing terminatedwith prayer. , A collection . was made at the door in aid of* this object, wad a.considerable sum reaUsed. 