[?] THE GOBLIN BARBER. A Stoky in Fotjb, Chapters. [From ' Bow Bells ' Dreams.] [Concluded from, our last.] Ohapteb. HI. . Redcloak went towards tlie door silently as he had entered it, without either salu tation or good-bye. But scarcely had he proceeded half-a-dozen steps when he paused, glanced round with a melancholy expression at his well- served customer, and stroted the flat of his hand over his own sweeping beard. He performed this act a second time, and again as he was about to step over the threshold of the door. TTfirft. a. niTfidfin idea struck our hero that the apparition wanted something ; that, perhaps, he was expecting the same service he himself had just rendered. As Redcloak, notwithstanding his mournful look, seemed more disposed banter than for seriousness, had. played the young man a very scurvy trick, andnot done him anyrealinjury, the terror of the latter had now nearly sub sided. So he ventured the experiment, and motioned to the ghost to take the chair from which he himself had just risen. With alacrity, the other immediately flung off his cloak, laid his shaving- tackle on the table, and placing himself on the seat in the attitude of a man who waits to have his chin shorn. Carefully, Albert followed the same procedure which the spectre had observed to him ; clipped his beard with the scis sors, cropped away his hair, lathered his whole scalp ; and the goblin sat steady as a wig-block. Albert was excessively awkward in handling the razor, he had never had one in his fingers before, and he shore the beard against the hair, whereat the other made some queer grimaces. But he struggled through the task the best way he could, and scraped the ghost as bare as he himself was. Thus far the scene between Eedcloak and the wayfarer had been enacted panto mimically ; the action now changed, and became dramatic. 'Stranger,' commenced the appari tion, ' accept my thanks for the service thou hast done me. By thee my soul is delivered from the long imprisonment which has chained it for two hundred years within these walls, till which it was doomed till some mortal hand should consent- to retaliate on me what I had practised on others in my life time. Know that of old a reckless scoffer dwelt within this place. Count Wiebockel — such was his name — acknow- ledged no superior, no law, and respected not the sacredness of hospitable rights. The wanderer who came beneath his roof, the poor man who solicited charitable alms of him, he never permitted to leave him unvisited by cruel joke. ' I was his castle barber, and, I must confess it, his willing instrument. Many a pious pilgrim, journeying to some dis tant shriii e past us, I allured3 with friendly words, where I prepared a bath for him, shaved him smooth, and bald, and packed him out of doors. Then would Count Wiebockel, watching from the window, see with wicked delight the village children assail the ill-used one, and hoot him along the road. ' Once came a saintly man from foreign lands. He carried, like a penitent, a heavy cross upon his shoulder, and upon his head there was a ring of hair like unto a crown of thorns. He called upon us here, begging water for his feet, and a piece of bread. Without delay, I con ducted him to the bath, to serve in my usual way. I respected not the sacred ring, but shore it entirely off him. Then the pious pilgrim pronounced me a fear ful malison. c Accursed man,' he said, ' know that, when thou diest, the gates of heaven shall be closed against thy sinful 'soul. As goblin, it shall wander within these walls till, unrequired, un bidden, some stranger come and exercise retaliation on. thee !' ' From that hour T sickened, the mar row in ray bones dried up, andl gradually faded away. My spirit left the wasted frame, and was retained in this castle, as the saintly man had doomed it. Com pelled, I pursued the same occupation I had followed in my lifetime. But, alack a-day ! I soon made desolate this house. And though I treated all as I treated thee, no one would understand me, and perform, as thou hast done, the service which has liberated my soul from its bondage. Henceforth no hobgoblin shall trouble this castle. I return to my long siorhed-for rest. WerelthekeeDer of deen hidden treasures, they should be thine. Yet heed my counsel. Stay thou here until thy beard and locks shall again be restored ; then turn thee homewards to thy native town, and in autumn time, on the Weser Bridge of Bremen, wait for a friend who will meet thee, who will in struct thee what to do that will be well on earth. Now, fare thee well,' And, so saying, the ghost abruptly vanished into air, and left his deliverer full of wonderment at the strange ad venture. For some time Albert stood motionless — in doubt whether the whole matter had had deluded his senses ; but his hairless chin and scalp convinced him that here at least there had been a real occur rence. He returned to bed, however, and slept peacefully until the sun had risen high in the heavens. The treacherous innkeeper had been watching since daylight, when the shaven traveller was to emerge from the castle portal, that he might receive him with looks of' pretended astonishment at his nocturnal adventure. But as the stranger loitered too long, and midday had ar rived, mine host began to dread that the goblin might have treated his guest some * what too harshly, or so frightened him ^ that he had died of terror. He called his people together, hastened out man and maid to the tower, and reached the apart ment in the window of which he had ob served the light on the previous evening. He found an unknown key in the lock, but the door was barred within; for, after the disappearance of .the ,spectare, Albert. had again secured it. .'?',?.,,-'.' The landlord knocked with a shaking hand, and the occupant of the! chamber at once started up, and rubbed bis eyes. In bis confusion he thought the goblin had changed his mind, and favored him with another call. But, hearing mine host's voice, he gathered himself up and opened the door. With pretended horror, the landlord recoiled at the sight of Albert. Striking his palms together, he exclaimed, 'By all the saints, iiedcloak has been here, and has shaven you bare as a block I What did he say to you ? What did he do?' Albert, who now saw through the wily innkeeDer. replied, 'The sroblin looked like a man in a red cloak ; what he did you plainly perceive ; and what he said I well remember. ,.' Sir Stranger,' spoke, he, * I withdraw Jrom this, J my. ancient abode to henceforth become a silent in cubus to plague the landlord of the hostel opposite ; to nip him, tweak him, harass him,' unless the rascal db'expiate his sin -^do freely give th.ee food and loaging till thy brown locks shall again cluster round thine head. '?*' The innkeeper shook from top to toe at those words, vowed to give the travel ler free board as long as hie liked ;to re main, conducted him over, to his house, and placed the best he had before him. Through this adventure, our hero had obtained the, reputation ofjfe' eing a con-, juror, as the spirit thenceforth neyar once showed his face. Albert often passed the night in the castle, and always slept there undisturbed. The owner of the property having learned that Redcloak- no longer haunted: it, was, of course, greatly de lighted at the news,: and ordered- that the traveller, who; ^s he supposed, had laid the ghosts should be well taken care of . : . By the time when the clusters were beginning to get colored on the vine, and the advancing autumn reddened the ap ples, Albert Tetzel's curls were once more waving over his temples. He girded up his knapsack ; for now all his thoughts ware turned upon the Weser Bridge, to seek the friend who, in the behest oi the goblin barber, was to teach him how to make his fortune. : . When about taking leave of mine host, that individual led from his stable : a stroner horse, well saddled and eauipDed. which the proprietor of the castle had presented to Albert in reognition of what he had done ;' nor did the grateful Count forget to send a purse along with, it to bear its travelling .charges. — . - Thus Albert came riding back into his native city, light-hearted1 and; gajrj as he had ridden out of it 12Tnonths ago. . He sought Out his old quarters, in ihe alley, but kept himself quite, still and retired. To be sure, he could not help enquiring after his beloved Theckla ; whether she were in good health and still im wedded. To this question he received a satisfactory answer, and contented him self with it in the meanwhile ; for till his fate were decided, he would not risk appearing before her, or making known to her his return to Bremen. . ' .: On the day mentioned by the goblin of the castle, with his blood .whirling wildly! in his arteries, he proceeded' :with the earliest dawn, to the. Weser Bridge. 'He traversed it several times in solitude, with a presentiment of coining gladness. He formed many projects- as to how he should present himself to Theckla when' his looked-for good fortune should have arrived. ' Who would this friend be who was to meet him here V he asked,, mentally ' Would it be one of his old acquain tances, 'by whom, since his ruin, he had been completely forgotten 1' In the course of an hour there was a good deal of riding, driving, and walk-; ing to and fro on the bridge. Amongst the pedestrians there were plenty of unfortunate beggars. The first of the tattered ones who applied to Albert for alms was a discharged soldier,, with a wooden leg. In the joy of his spirit, our hero threw a white engelgroschen into the cripple's hat. Well, hour after hour passed away ; the sun rose high, then sunk lower and lower, yet Tetzel's expected friend, who was to help him to a fortune, appeared not. The young man now paced the place alone ; he had no society in sight but a pack of beggars, who were laughing, and talking, and eating their poor fare to gether. His countenance was not quite so sparkling as in the morning. He was in deep thought, and had drawn his hat far over his brow. By-and-by, Wooden-leg started off to assail the young man afresh ; and, giving no heed to the mendicant's features, Albert put his hand into his pocket, and threw a six-groat piece into the fellow's hat. The watcher was tired, and hope was dying out in his heart. He had stepped into the view of every passenger, trust ing that one of them would clasp him in his arms ; but all had proceeded coldly on their way — the most did not notice him at all, and few returned the salutation. A bitter sadness fell upon him when he found his expectations mocked, .and the dazzling prospect which had lain be fore him in the morning vanish from his eyes now. He grew sullen, despairing, and desoerate. and felt readv to sorine off the parapet and dash into the river beneath. It was the thought of Theckla that withheld him from committing the rash act. He would see her once more in the church, he resolved ; for the last time feast his eyes upon her beauty, then he would seek for eternal peace in the cold stream of the Weser. Just as he was about to quit tha bridge, the old soldier, of whom we have before spoken, addressed our poor hero. 'I mean no offence, Sir 'Stranger,' said he, abruptly but not rudely, ' but may I ask you a question ?' . At this Albert looked up, and replied crossly, ' What would you, greybeard V 'We two were the first upon the bridge to-day, now, as you may per ceive, we are the last. I've watched you here the whole time. Now tell me, I pray you, if it be not a secret, what it is that brings you hither, or what weight is in your breast that you would fain remove ?' ~~r'~What gratification- would, it be to thee, old man,: ? to learn my affairs ?' Albert asked, with'.. considerable bitter ness. .' . . , ... - , 'Indeed, Sir, I feel kindly towards you, because you. have twice this day given me alms ; but your visage to-night wears not the cheerful expression it wore when first I saw it, and I feel sorry for you.' \- Albert was pleased at the other's words, and willingly pursued the conver sation. 'Well, then, if thou would'st learn what has kept me here for so many tedious hours, thou must understand that 1 have been waiting for ,a friend who appointed me hither, and now leaves me to expect in vain.' ' By the saints, honorable sir, but, speaking my mind plainly, I should call such a friend a knave.9' ._ ' **Nay, I have no business to blame hiav for his absence,' returned Albert ; 'for it was but a dream that informed me I should see him here. ' The ghost story was- too long to nar rate, so he veiled it under cover of a dream. 'Ah, that's another sort of tale alto gether,' rejoined wooden-leg. ''If you build on dreams it is not surprising that you meet with disappointment. I, my self, have dreamed enough of foolish stuff in my time, but -I; never was so.crazy pated as to heed it. -Had: I all the riches that have been allotted7 ix- me in my visions I might buy half the world. But I never believed in them, or stirred hand or foot about them.' ; 'But,' answered Albert, 'I dreamed so vividly.' ' Pah. ! that's nothing. I had once a vision in my sleep, which I shall never forget as long as I live. I know not how many months or years ago, I dreamed that an angel stood by my bed side and said to me 'Berthold, there is a treasure which thou. must dig up. To morrow, when the sun is sinking to his rest, take spade and shovel on thy shoul der, go forth across the Tieber, then speed thee over the cathedral court till thou arrivest without the city at a garden which hath a bronze gate. Wait in concealment until the sickle of the moon shall shine on thee ; then push with all thy strength against the gate, and boldly enter the garden. Thou wilt turn thee to the vine trellises which overhang the. walk ; be hind these, on the left, a tall apple-tree will gre-et thy sight. Go to the trunk of this tree, thy face turned right against the moon ; there strike, in, and dig three spans deep till thou findesta stone plate ; beneath this lies the treasure — an iron chest full of money. Though the chest be heavy, grudge not the trouble of lift ing it from its bed ; it will reward well thy pains if, thou seek the key .which lies cbncealedundern.eath.it.'' ; ?; Albert stared at the speaker in vast amazement. : He recognised, ?? by the mention of the bronze ? gate, his own garden, left him by his deceased father, aid which he, the prodigal son, in the days of waste, had sold for an old song. The old soldier had suddenly become an object of great interest to the young man. Here, evidently, was tne very friend to whom the goblinrbarber in the castle had consigned him. . Gladly would he: have ! embraced the veteran, but he deemed it better to remain: quiet. .; 'Well, thine was a, circumstantial dream, indeed,' he paid. 'What did'st thou .do in the morning, on awaking ?' ' Do? Nothing at all ! I wasn't such a goose as to heed a dream !' Here Albert took out the last coin he had on him, and- gave it. to the old man.: ' Thy talk has done me good, father,' he said. 'We shall meet one another here again, I trust.' ' Heaven bless you, honored sir ! I trust so, too J' the other answered, very sincerely. Then Albert, invigorated with fresh hope, hurried -off to his home in the alley. Chapter IV. On the following day our hero pro cured the implements for his intended treasure-digging, and before sunset, carried them away, and hid them under a hedge. With feverish impatience he watched for the rising of the moon, and no sooner did she show her silver horns, than he set eagerly to work, observing precisely all the old soldier had taught him. And, oh joy S he found the chest, without meeting any interruption in the process. 'It is not to be supposed that the old dead-and-gone Tetzel had meant to de prive his son of so large a part of -his ior heritance. The error lay in this : that Death had hurried- the jnammon-loving parent out of the world so suddenly, that he had not had time to mention the matter, important as it was, and, under sigaedly, he carried his secret to the grave. With indescribable delight, Albert took possession of the broad pieces .of gold which the iron chest had so faithfully preserved. When his first emotions of pleasure had in some degree subsided, he began to wonder how the treasure was to be removed safe and unobserved into the narrow alley. The burden was too heavy to be car ried away without help ; so he found no better plan than to entrust his capital to the hollow trunk of a tree that stood in a meadow close by. The empty chest he restored to the earth agaiu and smoothed the soil over it as well as possible. In the space of four days, the money was transmitted by instalments from the hollow tree into the obscure alley ; and now the owner of it thought he might lay aside his incognito. Accordingly, he attired himself in a suit ef the hand somest garments he could buy, had his prayer displaced from the church, and institued in lieu of it, ' Thanksgiving for a traveller on returning to his native city, after happily arranging his affairs.' He concealed himself in a corner of the sacred edifice, where he could behold the fair Theckla without himself being seen ; he turned not his gaze from the damsel ; and when the ' thanksgiving' was uttered he remarked that her features expressed a wondrous rapture, while her eyes swam with sympathetic tears. The custoncary greeting on the way homewards was so full of meaning, that Dame Katrina, who had witnessed it, worked herself into a^perfect fluster about it;: . . '..' ' ' ?? ?'? ':;- . -.!£bung Tetzel now appeared once more on the exchange ; began a branch of trade, which, in a few weeks extended largely; and' as his wealth became daily more apparent, ill-natured people con cluded that in gathering in his father's old debts, he must have had more luck than good sense. He hired a spacious house in the market-place, en gaged clerks and warehousemen, and pur sued his business unweariedly. Now, the parasites a^ain flocked around him, and half- suffocated him with joy wishing on his freah prosperity, fancying they would be able, once more, to catch him in their claws. But Albert had ac quired wisdom, and he turned a deaf ear to all their false professions. In Bremen, the remounting Tetzel had become the talk of the day ; the fortune which in some inexplicable manner he had realised, as supposed, in foreign parts, was the subjects-matter of all con versations. But in proportion as the fame of Albert's, affluence increased, the peace of mind of Theckla diminished, and she waxed jealous and wretched. ' Except the greetings oh the way from church, he gave no tidings of himself. ' He loved thee, and was faithful to thee, while his lot was like thine own,' she cried. ' .Now, he scorns thee.' ; The first announcement of her lover's .change of position had charmed her ; ;but now poor Theckla wished that heaven had ndt heard that prayer which had been offered up for his pro sperity: Dame Katrina soon perceived her daughters drooping state', and likewise guessed its cause. She had heard that young Tetzel was now become an orderly, judicious, active merchant ; . and she began, to think that if he really cared for Theckla he might now speak out and say so. . Yet out of consideration to the mai jden, she suffered no word on this subject to escape her. But at length Theckla's harassed heart became so full, she re vealed to her mother her sorrow and its cause. The sage matron learned little more by this confidence than she knew already ; however, she directed ail her eloquence to strengthen and encourage the dejected fair one to bear the failure of her hopes with a stedfast mind. To make matters still worse, there was a report all over, the city that Albert Tetzel was furnishin? his dwelling in a most sumptuous and elegant fashion for his approaching Union with an Antwerp lady, who was already on her way to Bremen. This . news drove Theckla almost demented, and she vowed, from that day, never to think of him more But as she spun she broke her vow, and wetted the twine' mth her. tears, think ing, against her will, of her faithless lover. Sometimes, with a gobbing voicej she would sing the- foUowing old. rhyme, which her mother taught her years ago : — 'Spin, daughter, spin, ;\ '? .', Thy sweetheart's within'!' . One day, when'shewas repeating the above in doleful accents; a hand rapped gently at the door, --«»'? ' ' Dame Katrina looked forth. Lo ! the 'sweetheart' was. without.- And who could it be? , Who etyie but their some while, neighbor in the alley, now Mer chant Tetzel, of the city ? Ay, there he was, certain enough ! A gallant, wooing suit . wore he, and his glossy locks shook forth a rich perfume. Dame Katrina opened the door, and admitted our hero. She tried to speak, but .words were denied her. Theckla rose in trepidation, blushed, and was silent. ? . It would have been sad, indeed, if Albert's speech had ' been deficient at this moment. - He managed; to talk to some purpose. He told the matron how devotedly and long he had loved her beautiful daughter, and begged her io accept him as her son-in-law ; justifying his request by the state ment that the preparations in his house had been intended for the . reception of a bride, and that bride, he trusted, would be the charming Theckla. At this the widow turned to the maiden, and bade her answer for her self ; and presently a little word, which ratified the happiness of love, came glid ing from Theckla's soft lips, and Albert was transported with bliss. ; He did not take his leave until the wedding-day was fixed. Afterwards he walked to the Weser Bridge, to find the old soldier with the wooden leg, whom he had not forgotten. Timber-tpe, who was delighted to see his benefactor, greeted him warmly. Albert asked the old man whether he would take a walk with him into Neu stadt. 'Ay, why not. ray gracious master?' was the other's reply. ' But I must tarry awhile until Graycloak qpmeth.' ' What Graycloak T' 'Graycloak brings me daily, about nightfall, a silver groschen. I know no more, nor shall I trouble myself to enquire.' ?? 'Well, come thou along with me, friend, and the silver ?' groschen shall not fail thee.' . Albert, Tetzel then conducted the mendicant to a distant quarter of the city, where he halted before a neat little abode. 'Friend,' said the young merchant, 'this dwelling and garden are thine; kitchen and cellar are'full ; a servant will wait on thee, and the silver groschen thou wilt find every day under thy plate. I will tell thee, now, {hat Graycloak was my domestic, whom I sent to give thee alms until I could get this home made ready for thee.' The greybeard was astonished at his unexpected good fortune, and tears coursed down his cheeks. On turning to thank his benefactor, he found him vanished. Three weeks after, Albert Tetzel led his bride to the altar, with a solemnity by which even the gorgeous wedding-pomp of the Hop-King was eclipsed. Gelatin. -It is said that an animal fed on gelatin dies rapidly of starvation and inanition. This is perfectly true ; but the fact is, that bo simp'e substance given alone will support life. The most nutritive materials, such as al- umen, fibrin, gluten — to say nothing of such substancss as starch or sugar — all equally fail to support life when given alone. 