THE BEV. E. I. WATKIN AT BEECH- , WORTH. On Sunday evening " the Bev Mr Watkm preached to a large and attentive congre gation, in the Beechworth Wesleyan Church, from Bev. xxii c. 17 v. " And the spirit and the bride say come, and let mm tnai iiearetli say come, and Jet him that is athirst come, and whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." The preacher said that the last words of the good and great were of peculiar interest ; biographers recorded them. Napoleon the 1st, with the rulin g passion strong in death, murmured in his delirium " Head of the army." Goethe said " More light." Hobbs " I'm taking a fearful leap in the dark." Queen Elizabe th " Ail my possessions for a moment of : time." Charles Wesley, quoting David the great' minister of the universal church, said- r.'Ilshall bq satisfied. when;I awake with thy likeness!"' If the last words of the good and great were so. interesting how much more in terest lhould.be connected with the last words :of the man of meu, the king of men, the God nlan-i- Christ Jesus. In- the New Testament the last words of Christ were recorded— the last words of the dyiug Christ," the words of a 'conquerer " It is finished." The last words of the risen Christ, the words of a patriot, a: philanthropist, a Saviour " Ye shall receive power, &c.;" But. thgre were other last words of Christ recorded.- More than fifty years after John had seen Christ on earth, he saw him again in his glory, and in the book of the Revelations were recorded words of Christ spoken "in heaven.; These were the most wonderful words of Christ. While bespoke sublime, beautiful truths -in Galilee, .- in Jerusalem, in the Upper Chamber, on the Cross, during the; 40 days between the resur rection and the ascension, there were no words of his like these in the Revelation. These were the words of a King, aud the last words of Christ's uttered in heaven were the words of the "text — words "which showed that the alteration in Christ's circumstances had not alteredjhis character : he was " the sameyester- day, to-day, and for ever." In the Word of God, man was represented as the subject of thirst, the blessings of salvation were described under thefigure of water. Iu this chapter, we read of a river, broad, deep, and full — a river of the Water of Life, clear as crystal ; and we were told in the text that God, and angels, and men, the Spirit, the Church on earth, and the Church iu Heaven, invited all who were athirst to come and drink.. : . i Y . I. The Divine invitation: — The Spirit" asks men to .come. We believe - in: the Trinity in Unity. We do not under stand it, hut dp not. allow mystery to affect our faith. He who only Relieves in what ' he understands will have" few articles m his creed. Who understands, his own existence? What is life ? What ' is- gravitation ? What is electricity? Faraday, shortly before his death, said that he -could uot tell -what elec tricity was. Men did not understand the laws of nature, and yet some were presumptuous enough to expect to understand the God of Nature. Wisely and well had Daniel Webster, answered a scoffer, who had said to him, "You believe iu the Trinityriu Unity : can you tell me how three can be one ?" "I cannot now, but i daresay I shall be able to tell you when I know the arithmetic of. heaven." The Holy Ghost asks men to .come: how?. "First, by his influence oil the human heart. All meu have at times serious thoughts, solemn im pressions; purposes of amendment. These thoughts do not spring up naturally in the hoart : .they could not be produced by: Satan big kingdom is not divided against itself:" they came from above ! and by all these the Spirit asks men to come. The Holy Ghost asks men to come. Second, by all the invita tions and warnings of the Bible : for holy men wrote it as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. A popular form of scepticism is that which speaks iu the highest terms of the Bible — of its poetry, its morals— but which denies its divinity, and asserts that if Paul and Moses and Isaiah and David were inspired, so were Milton, Shakspeare, and Burns, aud so is Ten nyson. If this is the case, how is it that we are baring no additions to the Bible — no ad ditions to our stock of moral science. Alt the other sciences have extended their domain. New text books are always being published ; but, siuce John fell asleep, there has beeu no addition to our moral science. In the Scrip tures we have " the miiid of the Spirit ;" and, by all the invitations and warnings of the Bible, the Holy Ghost asks men to come. II. The church on earth invites men to come :— By its. sanctuaries ; there , were ser mons in stones; every sanctuary was a.wituess for God ; sermons ivere preached by the sound of the church-going bell. By its ministers ; by men of eloquence, and men of stammering lips; by sons of thunder, and sons of conso lation ; by those who appealed to men's reason ; to their seif-interest ; to their hopes and fears. By its members; doiug good was not to be the monopoly, of the. few, but tbe privilege of all, and that man was ho christian who was not anxious for the salvation of others ;" one- of the great wauts of the modem church was a belief in individual responsibility ; too. many were content to do good ,by. proxy, in stead of praying, "Lord, what wilt thou have me to do ?" ' III- The church in heaven invites men to come :— Its angelic members take the greatest interest in man ; into the things of redemption they desire to look, aud there is joy in the pre sence of the angels, of God, over repentant sinners; not- merely on a day of Penteeost; uot-merely during some- time of religious re vival, but joy when one' sinner repented; angels asked meu -to come; those words of Pqpe's were applicable to the living sinner as well as to the dying saint! Jlark .' they whisper, angels say- Sister spirit, coma away. , , But .there- were members: of the. church in heaven, in whom we take greater interest than its angelic members, the- loved, the lost, the missed — parents passed into the. skies." Child/ ren.who. were early cut. down by the reaper; death— friends who had 'gone., before/ these-- liaa not lost their interest in us; aud were they allowed "to speak, and we permitted to hear," many- voices from tlie in ore, "excellent glory would be heard inviting nien to come." Au application of the subject to. the four classes— into which, the .congregation : mighr. :be supposed to . be divided— members of fcfie church— those wh'o liad: been church uieihbers —those, who were, resolving: to, live new '..and higher' lives — aiid those who! were;: seeting happiness out of religion; brought the ,sermon to a close. " r " ; 