WEST GEELONG ELECTION. MR. RIDDLE AT THE CROWN HOTEL. The contest for the representation of West Geelong in the forthcoming Parlia ment was opened on Monday evening by Mr T. C. Riddle, who held his first public meeting in the Crown Hotel Assembly Room. ' Mr Thomas Shannon was voted to the chair, and about 350 person* were present. The Chairman, in introducing the candi date, asked for a fair hearing, and hoped they wonld show a good example to be observed at all future meetings. Mr Riddie said he considered to be a representative in Parliament was the moat important position that a human being could be placed in by his fellows'.; i&d; had been 29 years'in the colony, and fonr-fifths of that time he had devoted to endeavour ing to advance the best interests of the colony. He hoped they wopUd listen to what he had done daring that time, and wonld not ask them for their votes if they did not appreciate what he had done. He wonld read these in order to ihow that his epiaipuvm not tlww d » d»j, tart b»4 been his for-years past, :tnd through the! holding of t'.iCLC Uj> he hud lost everything but-his lic-iit!*, his mind, and his principle. The OT'.'liriuto then produced his journal, 1:1 wh.ch he had copies of everything he h written or donetoadvance the progress ol the colony. On the 30th September, 1841, at a public meeting held, over which tho lata Mr Fawkner, then a Liberal, 1 presided, he showed how he had called that meeting to devise some means by which the working-classes «ou!d bo placed in a 1 position^ to obtain the land before it had been seized upon by monopolists, on tho principle of building societies; he showed e i , ?at, me6tinS been awarded a vote of thanks for his exertions on behalf of the SlftT' _H« read a letter he had written to the Geetong Adcertiter in Nov. 134/, advocating an equal distribution of tho public lands, in blocks of from 20 to 200 acres for the benefit of the farmer, and not for the speculator. Another letter to Dp,. Bi",l \°?-r?al ?n the aUaB ^ject, on onlv77<w.l8ol when he said there wera only 77,000 people in the colony. AtmrW V?Jt°ber' 1839' 10 the Mel f t With regard to protection, lie T ^ this subject was held on the 17th March, 1866, when the armera were complaining they could not get any price to enable them to go on with their farms. He took, ne said, a very active part in this. In the industry of the people, he Baid, j consisted the wealth of all nations, and there would soon be nothing to show if they ' continued to eat and drink and sent all the I money out of the colony for articles they themselves could produce. It was a question of the greatest importance to parents and to the nation, and if they had nothing to do children wonld become a curse instead of a blessing. When he had 1 produced a tariff in 1859, they had done I ?im honour to say it was th« ghost of SirKiddle, but now the ghost had become a reality. In that room, in 1854, he had 1 advocated the eight hours' system as conducive to the health of the people. -The-candidate, amidst laughter and cries J?o it Kiddie," sought among hia parcel of journals and papers, and produced I copies of his address, <vhieh he asked them to read, saying he had advocated principles against the wishes of his family and friends, which he thought would show them they might have confidence in him. With re spect to the educational system he read from a blue book of 1849 an article on the subject of education in Ireland. He read them what, he said, was the decision of the wise men of the north. This was to the effect that no children should be called upon to listen to any religions instruction to wmch their parents or guardian* mi^ht object. (During his reading he was fre quently disturbed by cries of "Give us , your own opinions," " We have read | that,' "Out louder - we can't hear." A continual hum prevailed, and it is 1 doubtful if he was heard by twenty in the room ) The system, he said, was liberal to every one. In one school, by arrangement \ made by the committee, every sect could be attended to. He did'not Bee how they ! could improve upon it, and said "let us see what M'C'ulioeh says upon it." This remark was met with groans, which caused Mr ! Riddle to ask them to hear him before they ! contradicted him. He then commenced to read from Sir James jM'Culloch's speech, and was frequently interrupted. He should, he said, most certainly oppose the Govern ment taking the schools intotheirownhand3. (An elector here sang out that the candi date was "Middling" himself, upon which the chairman said " Take that man to the Yarra Bend.") He then read from his address his ideas upon protection. »No- i thing, he said, could compete against penal labour, and in 1849 he had been one of those who resisted this country being made a penal country. He was in favour of a 1 property tar. (A. Voice-Would you have your own property taxed ?) He then ex plained how he would pay off the national debt of Victoria, and said by his system we could pay off £100 with JB51. He believed in a national bank of issue. If such was esta- I blished, if notes were Io3t the country would derive the benefit of them, whereas now lost notes went to swell the profits of I foreigners, and he was informed- that the ! Bank of England paid for its management ' by ita lost notes. He then read from his address his opinion on railways, avowed himself in favour of the " blacfc" line, and said the conduct of the Government on question was very reprehensible* He was in favour of Thomson -'Ward having the power to separate * from the town (applause)-and would be iglad to''answer any questions that might ba^afto him. A great variety of. questions were then asked and answered, and the i»n»l vote of confidence in the candidate was carried. 