THE RED-HAIRED MAN'S WIFE. BY THE LATE WILLIAM CARLETON. CHAPTER XVI. (Continued.) "THE worst of it is, that there's no use in speaking to him about it. Hang me if I'm not tired talking to him and advising him to give it up, but he only laughs and gives me one of his knowing winks, and tells me to mind my own affairs and not to bother myself about what doesn't concern me. This very morning, when I was taking a blast of the pipe in the stable before going out to look after the men, he walked in booted and spured, and asked me if the bay mare was in good condition and able for a long journey?" "No," says I, "she's come fresh from grass, and won't be worth a button for the next three or four days." " Never mind," he answered, " Paddy from Cork will do as well." " Paddy from Cork is showing his Munster manners this morning," I said, " kicking like blazes." "I'm sorry for that," he replied, a little seriously, and with a twitching of disappoint- ment about the corners of his mouth, " for I want to ride a good twenty miles before the day's three hours older." " Where to, if it's a fair question ? " I put in. " Oh, it's a fair question enough, and I'll give you a fair answer. I'm going to Kil- clashmanoge to see as pretty a girl as you'd meet in a month of Sundays, who is dying about me, I believe." "The deuce take your assurance, for you're the lad that's got plenty of it," says I. " And why wouldn't I," said he, looking down at his well-polished boots, and switching them with his riding whip. I'm thinking that you'd meet worse-looking chaps between this and Kilclashmanoge, and there's more than me of that opinion." "Well, I like your impudence. But tell me, what's the' use of going to meet the de- cent girl, when yon never intend to marry? What's the good of it, I want to know." " That's a secret, which I'll never tell to living man. I'll take it to the grave with me;" and though I asked him the same question twenty times over, never another answer could I get. "Well Rody, asthore," said Aunt Oona, after a few minutes' reflection, "we must give him up. He's wearing me off the face of the earth by his long course of folly and absurdity, and I think our best plan is not to let on to notice him at all, never heeding him when he comes in or when he goes out, but commend him to the care of God and His Blessed Mother, for it's quite plain that we can do nothing with him." "Bedad you're right, aunt; and I've been thinking the same thing for I don't know how long, but somehow hadn't the courage to tell you. As you say, we'll keep never heeding when be comes in or out, and shut our eyes and our ears, to whatever we see or hear, and maybe in time he'll grow tired of the character of a market-stroller, and marry and settle down, as many a worse man has done before him." " God grant it," said Aunt Oona, impres- sively ; and the prayer, I am sure, ascended from her heart. Meanwhile, the subject of that prayer con- tinued determinedly and persistently in the course which he had marked out for himself; and, unabashed by the odium which was now beginning to attach itself to his name (for the scales were at length falling from people's eyes), he turned neither to the right hand nor to the left, but, keeping the one great object of his life clearly in view, held steadily on in the path that led to it. He got an occa- sional elbowing at sharp turns, it is true, and sometimes found himself against the wall or in the ditch, but he always contrived to get upon the high road again, which he did with much good humour, and rather strengthened and encouraged than otherwise by the tem- porary checks he had received. Did he once falter in his purpose—and I must do him the justice to say I don't think he ever did—the dying words of his father, " Revenge me on the women," rang in his ears, and, like the Ghost in Hamlet, " whetted his blunted pur- pose." " Revenge me on the women—trifle with them; play with them; win their affec- tions, gain their hearts; and then, when you are tired of trifling, playing, winning, and gaining, cast them off as you would a worn- out garment, and leave them to the mercy of man, the devil, or the turgid waters of the nearest river. I don't know how it is to be done—that's your affair—but do it, and I'm satisfied." These in effect were old O'Con- nor's words. I have said that with William O'Connor there was no halting or swerving of purpose. Within two years he had gained the affections of half-a-dozen of the most respectable girls in his immediate locality, and yet he was not satisfied. Something more remained to be done—fresh victims should be made, and when made, offered up upon the altar of necessity. With this view, therefore, fairs and markets were perseveringly visited, and every oppor- tunity seized upon which could by any possi- bility favour his designs. He drank in pub- lic-houses, smoked in public-houses (smoking rather added to his character as a man of gal- lantly), danced in public-houses, and, when- ever he could get a chance, made love in public-houses; and, I have already said, for real, downright; successful love- making, com- mend me to a public-house on a market or fair-day. O'Connor knew this well, and hence his adoption of the character of the market-stroller, a part which up to the pre- sent he had sustained with such unequivocal and marked success: Let me illustrate him once again in this special line of business ere the curtain falls, and we dismiss the actor for ever from the boards. SCENE—The parlour of a public-house, a small cabbage-garden for a back-ground, with a couple of patriarchal-looking goats nib- bling away to their hearts' content to fill it up. PLACE—The only street (and a very dirty street it was) of Knockendoundorisy. TIME—Why, any time you please. CHARAC- TERS—Leeum O'Connor and Susan M'Keown. Now Susey was a pretty little girl, and there wasn't one from Knockendoundorisy to Graignaspiddogue, a good sixteen miles, who knew that better than Susey herself. She was proud of her graceful figure and handsome face, and carried herself with an air of con- scious superiority whenever thrown into the society of her more homely neighbours. Though rather spoiled by flattery, she was kind-hearted, and never said an ill-natured word or never did an ill-natured act, unless her personal advantages and attractions were at any time overlooked, and then, of course, she was all the woman. As the curtain rises, William and Susey are discovered seated at a round table, the sole dramatis persona of the little one-act comedy. William is sitting close along side Susey, and has just been introducing a little stage business. Susan endeavours modestly to get away from his proximity with a " Now, will you be aisy, Mr. O'Connor, and keep your hands off. That I mightn't, if you havn't pulled the strings clane out of my new bonnet. Sich conduct! I wonder you're not ashamed of yourself." " Why should I be ashamed of myself? I love you, Susy, in a way that I never loved any one before and I should be ashamed of myself if I didn't. " Go and tell that to Kitty Costello—she that you saw home last night from Paddy Maguire's wake, God be merciful to his sowl. Troth, you ought to be getting tired of your tricks, for you're at them long enough." " Kitty Costello" — and Mr. O'Connor smiled contemptuously—" is a very decent girl, and comes of an honest father and mother—I am not wanting to deny that—but she is no more to be compared to you, Susy, than one of them cabbage seedlings out there is to a full-blown rose." "Oh! you schamer, didn't Kitty tell me that, when you got as far as the boreen, yon begun to praise her eyes, and her hair, and her mouth, and asked her to meet you next Sunday after Mass at Corney Fagan's, where there's to be a dance ?" " Did Kitty tell you that ?" " Aye did she, and a grate dale more too." " Well, her family were never remarkable for truth, that I could hear, but I didn't know till now that she was fond of lies; " and Mr. O'Connor drew away an inch or two from Miss M'Keown, and folding his arms across his ample chest, looked the injured hero of a thrilling melodrama. " I don't think she tells lies," said Susy, a little doubtfully. " She does, when she tells you that." " Then, you didn't ask her to the dance ?" "Not I—why should I?" " Oh! I don't know why you shouldn't if you'd a mind. She's considered the best- looking girl in the parish, I believe." " Who says that ?" " You for one." "Me!" " Yes, you; and sure you've a right to say it, if you think so. For my part—but then, of course, I am no judge—I consider her sister Mary, who got married the other day, far before her, and I dare say so does her husband too." " No doubt; but when did I say she was the prettiest girl in the parish, and to whom did I say it ? I roust have that out, for I feel that my character, as a man of truth and dis- cernment, is seriously impeached." "Why, if her story is to be believed, you told it to herself no later than last night." " The world is getting worse and worse every day," muttered O'Connor, as if speaking to himself, but in reality the truism, was intended for Susy's ears. " Just to think of that girl, because out of respect for her father I walked a bit of the way home with her, that she should turn round and invent such a bare- faced story. By this tumbler in my hand but it's enough to make a fellow abandon the society of women altogether. No man is safe, if every little civility he chooses to show a girl is made an excuse for assailing his character, and making him the butt and the ridicule of the whole townland. 'Pon my soul I'll turn hermit at once if I'm to be traduced in this way any more." He leaned his elbow upon the table and his head upon his hand, and for full five minutes gave himself up to thought. At the expiration of that time, Susy ven- tured to intrude herself upon his attention. " Mr. O'Connor," said she, " are you asleep ? Your punch is getting cold." Mr. O'Connor gave no sign of life or motion. (To be continued.) 