THE GHOST STORY; OR WHAT GAVE RISE TO IT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — A report has been circulated that a ghost was seen by me in a certain burying ground, and that I went and get Mr. H. Morton to accompany me^to the place, and that it was seen by us both, which is a decided falsehood; and as it has aroused a certain amount of fear in the minds of many, especially of the young, I wish tbrougl/ the medium of your paper to give an explanation so that the truth may be spread instead of falsehood, which will be much more agreeable to all parties. The farts are these : — Whilst taking a walk very early one morning, through some motive which I cannot account for I was induced to walk through the place in question, and coming to a grave surrounded by a wall and covered with a slab of slate, I noticed on the slate something strange. It was scarcely light enough to see distinctly at first, but after waiting some few minutes I could see it plainly, and it appeared to be a side view of a female. I could distinctly trace the head and body and the skirts, apparently full size. Not being satisfied with the sigbt I rubbed my hand on the form and found that that portion of the slate was perfectly dry whilst the parts outside the form were very wet with the dew which had fallen, and still not being satisfied I -walked away and came back in about 15 or 20 minutes after and still the form was there, so I determined upon visiting it again next morning, which I did, and continued doing so for a week or more, During this time I only saw the form once after the first morning ; bat not being a believer in supernatural appearances I tried to define the cause, but failed. In the course of conversation I told Mr. Morton what I had seen, and he visited the place and saw the form, although not so plain as it was when I saw it. The form was to be seen, and it has been seen since by others. Wow, I believe there is some natural cause which produces this strange appearance, and perhaps some person upon reading this will be able to satisfy the minds of those who have seen it, although many things have been advanced by people as the pro bable cause, but none that seems satisfactory to my mind and those who have been eye-witnesses of the These are the facts of the case, and they ^differ widely from the report circulated. By inserting the above explanation you will greatly oblige me as well as others. I am, sir, &c;, W- T. TBEGILGAS, Strathalbyn. July 3rd, 1871. 