CHAPTER III—THE NUNS' HOUSE. For sufficient reasons which this narrative will itself unfold as it advances, a fictitious name must be bestowed upon the old Cathedral town. Let it stand in these pages as Cloisterham. It was once possibly known to the Druids by another name, and certainly to the Romans by another, and to the Saxons by another, and to the Normans by another ; and a name more or less in the course of many centuries can be of little moment to its dusty chronicles. An ancient city, Cloisterham, and no meet dwelling- place for anyone with hankerings after the noisy world. A monotonous, silent city, deriving an earthly flavour throughout, from its cathedral crypt, and so abounding in vestiges of monastic graves, that the Cloisterham children grow small salad in the dust of abbots and abbesses, and make dirt-pies of the nuns and friars ; while every ploughman in its outlying fields renders to once puissant Lord Treasurers, Arch- bishops, Bishops, and such-like, the attention which the Ogre in the story-book desired to render to his unbidden visitor, and grinds their bones to make his bread. A drowsy city, Cloisterham, whose inhabitants seem to suppose, with an inconsistency more strange than rare, that all its changes lie behind it, and that there are no more to come. A queer moral to derive from antiquity, yet older than any traceable antiquity. So silent are the streets of Cloisterham (though prone to echo on the smallest provocation), that of a summer day the sunblinds of its shops scarce dare to flap in the south-wind; while the sunbrowned tramps who pass along and stare, quicken their limp a little, that they may the sooner get beyond the confines of its oppressive respectability. This is a feat not difficult of achievement, seeing that the streets of Cloisterham city are little more than one narrow street, by which you get into it and get out of it; the rest being mostly disappointing yards with pumps in them, and no thoroughfare—exception made of the Cathedral-close, and a paved Quaker settlement, in colour and general conformation very like a Quakeress's bonnet, up in a shady corner. In a word, a city of another and bygone time is Cloisterham, with its hoarse cathedral bell, its hoarse rooks hovering about the Cathedral tower, its hoarser and less distinct rooks in the stalls far beneath. Fragments of old wall, saint's chapel, chapter-house, convent, and monastery, have got incongruously or obstructively built into many of its houses and gardens, much as kindred jumbled notions have become incorporated into many of its citizen's minds. All things in it are of the past. Even its single pawn- broker takes in no pledges, nor has he for a long time, but offers vainly an unredeemed stock for sale, of which the costlier articles are dim and pale old watches apparently in a slow perspiration, tarnished sugar- tongs with ineffectual legs, and odd volumes of dismal books. The most abundant and the most agreeable evidences of vegetable life in its many gardens ; even its drooping and despondent little theatre has its poor strip of garden, receiving the foul fiend, when he ducks from its stage into the infernal regions, among scarlet beans or oyster-shells, according to the season of the year. In the midst of Cloisterham stands the Nuns' House; a venerable brick edifice whose present appellation is doubtless derived from the legend of its conventual uses. On the trim gate enclosing its old courtyard, is a resplendent brass plate flashing forth the legend : "Seminary for Young Ladies. Miss Twinkleton." The house-front is so old and worn, and the brass plate is so shining and; staring, that the general result has reminded imaginative strangers of a battered old beau with a large modern eye-glass stuck in his blind eye. Whether the nuns of yore, being of a submissive rather than a stiff-necked generation, habitually bent their contemplative heads to avoid a collision with the beams in the low ceilings of the many chambers in their house; whether they sat in its long bow windows, telling their beads for their mortification instead of making necklaces of them for their adornment ; whether they were ever walled up alive in odd angles and jutting gables of the building for having some ineradicable leaven of busy mother Nature in them which has kept the fermenting world alive ever since ; these may be matters of interest to its haunting ghost (if any,) but constitute no item in Miss Twinkleton's half yearly accounts. They are neither of Miss Twinkle- ton's inclusive regulars, nor of her extras. The lady who undertakes the poetical department of the estab- lishment at so much (or so little) a quarter, has no pieces in her list of recitals bearing on such unprofit- able questions. As, in some cases of drunkenness, and in others of animal magnetism, there are two states of conscious- ness which never clash, but each of which pursues its separate course as though it were continuous instead of broken (thus if I hide my watch when I am drunk, I must be a drunk before I can remember where), so Miss Twinkleton " I'M DREADFULLY GLAD-GO AND SIT DOWN. . . . MISS TWINKLETON." has two distinct and separate phases of being. Every night, the moment the young ladies have retired to rest, does Miss Twinkleton smarten up her curls a little, brighten up her eyes a little, and become a sprightlier Miss Twinkleton than the young ladies have ever seen. Every night, at the same hour, does Miss Twinkleton resume the topics of the previous night, comprehending the tender scandal of Cloister ham, of which she has no knowledge whatever by day, and references to a certain season at Tunbridge Wells (airily called by Miss Twinkleton in this state of her existence "The Wells"), notably the season wherein a certain finished gentle man (compassionately called by Miss Twinkleton in this state of her existence, "Foolish Mr. Porters") revealed a homage of the heart, whereof Miss Twin kleton, in her scholastic state of existence, is as igno rant as a granite pillar. Miss Twinkleton's companion in both states of existence, and equally adaptable to either, is one Mrs. Tisher : a deferential widow with a weak back, a chronic sigh, and a suppressed voice, who looks after the young ladies' wardrobes, and leads them to infer that she has seen better days. Perhaps this is tho reason why it is an article of faith with the ser vants, handed down from race to race, that the depar ted Tisher was a hairdresser. The pet pupil of the Nuns' House is Miss Rosa Bud, of course called Rosebud ; wonderfully pretty, won derfully childish, wonderfully whimsical. An awk ward interest (awkward because romantic) attaches to Miss Bud in the minds of the young ladies, on account of its being known to them that a husband has been chosen for her by will and bequest, and that her guardian is bound down to bestow her on that husband when he comes of age. Miss Twinkleton, in her semin arial state of existence, has combatted the romantic aspect of this destiny by affecting to shake her head over it behind Miss Bud's dimpled shoulders, and to, brood on the unhappy lot of that doomed little victim. But with no bettor effect-possibly some unfelt touch of foolish Mr. Porters has undermined the endeavour than to evoke from the young ladies an unanimous bedchamber cry of " Oh ! what a pretending old thing Miss Twinkleton is, my dear !" The Nun's House is never in such a state of flutter as when this allotted husband calls to see little Rosebud. (It is unanimously understood by the young ladies that he is lawfully entitled to this privilege, and that if Miss Twinkleton disputed it she would be instantly taken up and transported. ) When his ring at the gate bell is expected, or takes place, every young lady who can, under any pretence, look out the window, looks out of the window : while every young lady who is "practis ing," practises out of time ; and the French class is so demoralized that the Mark goes round as briskly as the bottle at a convivial party in the last century. On the afternoon of the day next after the dinner of two at the Gate House, the bell is rung with the usual fluttering results. " Mr. Edwin Drood to see Miss Rosa." This is the announcement of the parlour-maid in chief. Miss Twinkleton, with an exemplary air of melancholy on her", turns to the sacrifice, and says : "You may go down, my dear." Miss Bud goes down, followed by all eyes. Mr, Edwin Drood is waiting in Miss Twinkleton's own parlour : a dainty room with nothing more directly scholastic in it than a terrestial and a celestial globe. These expressive machines imply (to parents and guar dians) that even when Miss Twinkleton retires into the bosom of privacy, duty may at any moment compel her to become a sort of Wandering Jewess, scouring the earth and soaring through the skies in search of know ledge for her pupils. The last new maid, who has never seen the young gentleman Miss Rosa is engaged to, and who is making his acquaintance between the hinges of the open door, left open for the purpose, stumbles guiltily down the kitchen stairs, as a charming little apparition with its face concealed by a little silk apron thrown over its head, glides into the parlour. " Oh ! It is so ridiculous !" says the apparition, stopping and shrinking. "Don't, Eddy !" "Dont what, Rosa?" " Don't come any nearer, please. It is so absurd." "What is absurd, Rosa?" " The whole thing is. It is so absurd to be an engaged orphan ; and it is so absurd to have the girls and the servants scuttling about after one, like mice in the wainscot ; and it is so absurd to be called upon !" The apparition appears to have a thumb in the corner of its mouth while making this complaint. " You give me an affectionate reception, Pussy, I must say." " Well, I will in a minute, Eddy, but I can't just yet. How are you?" (very shortly.) ' " I am unable to reply that I am much the better for seeing you, Pussy, inasmuch as I see nothing of you." This second remonstrance brings a dark bright pout ing eye out from a corner of the apron ; but it swiftly becomes invisible again, as the apparition exclaims : "Oh ! Good Gracious, you have had half your hair out off !" "I should have done better to have had my head cut off, I think," says Edwin, rumpling the hair in question, with a fierce glance at the looking-glass, and giving an impatient stamp, " Shall I go ?" " No ; you needn't go just yet, Eddy. The girls would all be asking questions why you went." " Once for all, Rosa, will you uncover that ridicul ous little head of yours and give me a welcome ?" The apron is pulled off the childish head, as its wearer replies :—" You're very welcome, Eddy. There ! I'm sure that's nice. Shake hands. No, I can't kiss you, because I've got an acidulated drop in my mouth." " Are you at all glad to see me, Pussy ?" " Oh, yes. I'm dreadfully glad.—Go and sit down. —Miss Twinkleton." [TO BE CONTINUED.]| 