M$^t,$$Mifc MATTHIAS, THE GHOST QUELEER. ' Did you ever hear of such, a thing as the ghost of a living person ?' enquired Maximilian. 'Well,' replied Laurence, 'I have often heard of the Scotch wraith, which appears at the moment of a person's decease, and thus indicates the death of that person, perhaps to a distant friend.' ' No, that is not what I mean,' ex plained Maximilian. 'Stories of the wraith are common all over the wnrlfi but I imagine that in the case of this par ticular species of phantom, the death of the person is supposed to. precede, if only by a second, the appearance of the Bpectire.' ' Well,' remarked Laurence, 'there is the death- fetch, which Baynim once made so famous. This is represented to be the spectre of a living person, of whose approaching death its appearance is an infallible sign.' ' Something like a banshee,' inter posed Edgar. ,. ' Not at all,' said Laurence. ' Unless I have dipped into Irish mythology to very bad purpose, the banshee is not the spectre of a person that ever lived at all, but a sort of fairy, who is attached to ancient families alone, and announces the death of any of their members by per petual lamentations.' 'I perceive that I did not put my question with sufficient accuracy,' ob served Maximilian. ' When I asked if you had ever heard of such a thing as the ghost of a living person, I was not think ing of a spectre predicting death, as in the case of the fetch, but of the appear ance of the preternatural likeness of a person, without any reference to death, at all. However, I may as well narrate the story by which my question was sug gested. Matthias Ltissau, a pastor at Rathenow, on the River Havel, during the time of the Thirty Years' War, stood one evening at the window of his house, whence he perceived two persons busily digging as if they were in search of some hidden treasure. One of them .looked exactly like his churchwarden, and to this one he addressed biniself, asking what was the object of such zealous toil. The digger explained that in the days when the town had been occupied by the Swedes ? ' ' That occupation, I suppose, was one of the events of the Thirty Years' War ?' interrupted Egbert. 'Precisely,' said Maximilian. 'In those days, as the spe:tre explained, a general pillage had been expected, and consequently he and his comrade had buried the sacred vessels of their church in some neighboring spot, the exact situation of which had, perhaps, through the effect of panic, entirely vanished from their recollection. Matthias Liissau went to bed, pondering on this conversa tion, and on the following morning sent for his churchwarden, whom he ques tioned respecting the hidden treasure. The man started, as if aroused from a dream, and honestly confessed that su;h a treasure had been buried by him and his associate in office in the time of the Swedes, that the place where they had hid it had been completely effaced from their memory, and that after much fruit less search, they had given up every thought of making good their loss, and had forgotten the affair altogether. Satis fied with this explanation, the pastor con ducted his churchwarden to the spot where the diggers had been occupied the evening before, and as this was at once recognised by the churchwarden, good earthly sabstantial diggers were set to workandthe vessels, duly discovered, were restored to the church.' 'That,' gravely remarked Laurence, 'is a very curious story. The church warden neither dies, nor is about to die. Simply his memory has become defective with regard to one particular event, possibly, as you say, through the effects of panic, and the loss occasioned by his forgetf ulness iwas made good by a spectre, who assumed his likeness.' 'We may almost say,' suggested Edgar, 'that the apparition was the ghost of the churchwarden's departed memory. Those who would give a rational turn to this odd tale would sub stitute somnambulism for supernatural agency. I perfectly recollect a short French drama, the plot of which much re sembled the story of your worthy pastor. A perfectly honest man, enstrusted with a large sum by a friend, has put it away in a place of safety. When the friend, after a long absence, returns, producing the receipt for the deposit, the treasure is missing, and the man to whom it has been confided is in despair. Falling asleep, he proceeds, still sleeping, to his garden, and there he digs up the lost casket. He had hidden it in a state of somnambulism, and in a state of somnam bulism ne finds it, the act of concealment having left no impression on his waking mind. Put a sleep-walking churchwarden in the place of your spectre, and you will at once perceive the analogy between your legend and my plot.' ' Ah, I perfectly perceive the analogy and the insinuation,' said Maximilian, smiling ; ' and, as Matthias Lussau was famous in his day for laying perturbed spirits, I will tell you another story about him, which; though less singular, shows him. in a less equivocal character. You must know that in those days of Swedish occupation referred to by the spectral . churchwarden ? ' ' Spectral or sleep-walking?' interposed Edgar. ' In those days,' pursued Maximilian, ' the city of Rathenow was found too small for its intrusive visitors. One company of Swedes seemed destined to remain without shelter, the only place in which it could possibly be quar tered being universally stigmatised as a haunted house. To aU warnings on this score the soldiers, however, turned a deaf ear, and they accordingly took possession of the awful edifice, providing themselves not only with abundant meat and drink, but likewise with a few fiddles, in the determination to pass a. merry night. At the hour of twelve, while they were in the middle of a dance, a man like a farmer, with a whip in his hand and a bundle of deeds under his arm, walked infcotheroom, and was followed by a lady, who wore a great~1ifin(&' of Tceyijr ' ^These nnbiddeh guests made iid attempt £0 'interrupt tile merriment of sibe ?party/ but Temained near the dooiy quietly 'watching their proceedings. ?? iThe /dancers came to -a* sudden stop, an awkward pause ensued, which terminated in a roar of laughter from the soldiers. '= : ? ' ' Were the ghosts gratified ?' enquired Edgar. ??' - 'On the contrary.' answered Maxi milian ; '** they were highly incensed, ^nd manifested their wrath to some purpose. So vigorously'did the :inari use his' whip, and the lady her keys, that the soldiers were enly too glad to get out of the house, the majority escaping by the win dp wsi the minority by the doors. One only remained, a dunder-headed fellow, who had fallen asleep behind the stove, and had there lain in 'blissful ignorance of the defeat x-£ his comrades. -When at last he awoke, and saw the spectral virago with the keys, he also retreated, though she begged him to remain, assuring him' that, as he had not been guilty of the impertinence of laugh ing at her and her companion, no harm would be done to him.' ' Why should these extremely muscular Christians be called ghosts at all V enquired Edgar. ' Oh,' answered Laurence, ' the ghosts in Brandenburg and thereabouts are by no means destitute of physical strength, nor must they be associated with anything shadowy or ethereal. Why, the story is told of one Martinus Schoock, an old professor at Frankforfconthe Oder, who was, for awhile, very proud of his disbelief in spirits, but was cured of his heresy by most substantial reasoning. .Putting up one night in a strange inn, he gave no heed to the host's warning that the only empty room was haunted.' ' Therein resembling the Swedish soldiers in Maximilian's tale,' interposed Edgar. ' He boldly ordered his bed to be made,' continued Laurence, 'and retired, to rest. About midnight a most un seemly noise began ; and at last in came somebody with an enormous crash, who, heavy of foot, stalked up to the professor. Had the learned gentleman preserved his' usual courage he would have noticed with curiosity that his visitor was dressed in an old German military fashion ; but as he instantly drew his head under the clothes his powers of observation were nullified. Sight, however, was not the sense to which the ghost specially ap pealed. It deliberately pulled the clothes from the trembling Schoock, thrust him. under the bed, and quietly lay down in his place. After having reposed for about an hour, it took its leave, the professor, uncom fortably situated as he was, having passed tne time in fervent prayer. un nnaing himself alone, Schooek dressed himself with all possible speed, hastened down stairs, and paid his reckoning to mine host, who, observing that he looked ex ceedingly pale, asked if he had seen any thing unpleasant. The professor, though his voice faltered, had the presence of mind tosay he should like to know who had been playing tricks upon him, and departed accordingly.' 'He had hit upon the truth, how ever,' exclaimed Edgar. ' A plainer case of playing at ghosts was never re corded.' ''If all accounts be correct, Schoock's convictions were not the same as yours,' said Laurence. ' If he kept up his charac ter for the moment of talking about tricks, he was never afterwards heard to speak sceptically or disrespectfully about ghosts. But to show you further the burg spectres, let me tell the anecdote of a distiller of Stendal in the Old Mark, who, hoping to make his liquor particu larly attractive, obtained the head of a thief who had recently been hanged.' ' Was the notion his own V asked Edgar. ' Wo,' replied Laurence. ' There was an old superstitution that the skull of a thief, properly distilled, yielded a spirit which might advantageously be mixed with brandy.' ' ' I think we had better keep the know ledge of that fact to ourselves, ' suggested Edgar. ' So many modern ways of adul teration have been tried over and over again, that an extraordinary method, un known to the present generation, might be snapped up with avidity, to the manifest detriment of the public. On the other hand, I admit that the superstition might easily furnish the subject for a story in favor of total abstinence. The teetotal moralist might say that Stephen of Sten dal (not a bad name) was an honest, in dustrious man, until an unlucky glass of schnapps, followed by many others, weak perty. A robbery, accompanied by a murder, resulted in his execution. Nor did the mischief done by his first glass end even here. After his death his skull was used for the production of that very liquor which had brought destruction upon himself, and who shall say that the miserable pedigree of crime and retribution was not car ried down, in one unbroken line, through many generations. The brandy makes the thief^ and the thief's skull makes the brandy. Thus we have a com plete circle, a very serpent of wickedness, with its tail in its mouth. Mind you, this is no legend, but my own inven tion.' ' My legend in the meanwhile stands still,' remarked Laurence ; ' but let me proceed. At night, while the distiller and his assistants fwere engaged in the unholy work of improving the brandy, who should walk in but the thief himself. For some time he stared at the party in silence. At last he said in a solemn voice, * Give me back my head.' Kow, what say you to that ?' ' Why, I say,' answered Edgar, that the thief was very unreasonable. He evidently had a very good new head, or he could not have stared at the party, so he had no occasion for -the -old one, which had been justly forfeited to the offended laws of his country/' ' Pardon me,' interposed Maximilian, who had long preserved a modest silence, ' I have been much amused by Laurence's two stories; but I would observe that my tale of the ghosts of Rathenow is not ended yet.' ? ' Indeed 1' exclaimed Edgar. ' ' Well, X 'thought it had ,ended brilliantLy with tie defeat of -the Swedish soldiers?'10 ' ' ,; ' So d|d I,' aaaeaiautehceV ':? K ; ? ^ ' H ybn'remember/' said Maximilian, **I promised to give you another chapter of the biography of ' th© famed .Matthias Liissau, and 1 had not yet brought him upon the scene. That, with your consent, 1 will do now.' '(Both-bbwed with a some what contrite ah\\) 'Having , heard of the -victory achieved by the two ghosts, Matthias,, felt that an a&- venture was before - ' Tiim quite in his own- way. JHe had'%6 disbelief in spectres; like your braggart Sehoock. On the other hand;, he believed in them as thoroughly as iJack-the-Giant-Baller be lieved in giants, and he was likewise con vinced %hat he -was a match for the best of them, po with the . permission of the magistrate he tookjpossessionof thehouse one fine night, having first armed himself with a pen and other writing materials, and in the room, which seemed to be the battle-field, he seated himself at a table, on which two candles were placed. He' had handsomely offered his clerk a share in the adventure, but the prudent man preferred to remain in the street outside the house', and to act as a sentinel. At twelve o'clock the door opened, and the man with the deeds and the whip walked in, and . took his place in a very becoming manner; though it should be observed that immediately after his appearance one of the candles went out. The undaunted pastor at once rekindled it with the other, whereupon the lady with the keys appeared, and out went the other candle. Havingrekindled this with the first, Matthias thought the time had arrived for serious discussion ; so fixing his eyes on the two spectres, and begin ning with a pious address, he boldly asked what their business might be. With every appearance of respeot the man with the deeds unfolded a narrative of considerable length, and not a little in tricate. He had £once been' owner of the house, and of much landed property besides, as he proved by his deeds ; but with a fraudulent steward, and a disobedient nephew, and a designing son in-law' ? Skip the details,' suggested Edgar. ' We'll assume that somehow or other a wrong, that required to be rectified, had been committed.' ' Right,' said Maximilian, ' and the case of the lady was much the same as that of the gentleman. Well, Matthias put down in black and white all the particulars, which I pass over, promised to set matters straight, and : bade the ghosts retire to rest, and not trouble :Jie wr»T*1f^ artv Tnni»ia 'un+.Ti f;Tifii7» nrvaaATiftp He kept his promise, the cases were sub mitted to the proper authorities, the rightful heirs were put into their proper places, and the house, no longer troubled, was presented to Matthias Liissau as a free gift, and long afterwards bore his name.' ' Was the gallant pastor always equally victorious V asked Laurence. ' No,' replied Maximilian ; ?' I regret to say that the courage with which he pursued his ? vocation of ghost queller brought him to an untimely end. He heard that a subterranean burial vault was haunted by a troop of noisy spirits, and resolved to encounter them. He accordingly descended into the vault, but 'was saluted with a diabolical howl, the spirits violently assuring him. that while they were underground the right was on their side, and that if he did not speedily retreat some mischief would befal him. He took the hint, but the terror he had felt, and possibly also the humiliation of his defeat, threw him into a sickness, which resulted in his death. But he lived long in the memory of his fellow-townsmen. He was an abla negotiator with men as well as with ghosts, and when Rathenow surren dered to the Swedes, he arranged the capitulation so much to the satisfaction of the citizens and of the Swedish General, that the latter presented him with a box shaped like a book, but filled with gold coins. For many years his portrait was preserved, representing him as a stern, resolute man, with a book under his arm, which was commonly taken for a Bible, but which was meant for the Swedish present.' ' As he negotiated the capitulation equally to the satisfaction of both parties, what present did he receive from the citizens V asked Edgar. '.None, of whichl haveheard,'answered Maxamilian. ' Ha !' said Edgar, gravely, 'I wonder whether the affair was conducted with the strictest impartiality 1' 