THE SCOTT CENTENARY BANQUET. The banquet, in celebration of the centenary of the birth .of Sir Walter Scott, took place in the Masonic Hall, ou Tuesday evening, at 7 o'clock. About one hundred tftiitknien sat down to tho tables, which were provided ' with every delicacy by Signor Lolato, under tho supervision of ihe Banquet Committee. A number of ladies were present,— seats having been provided for them on the dais, at lie eastern end ot the spacious apartment. The hall was very tastefully ornamented with banners and boughs, — streamers of dark green ivy having been occasionally introduced in the bright masses of greenery, with a very ideaeiDg and novel effect. At the back of the dais, two stalks of the graceful banana gave a rich souii trrmioal character to the decorations, — not the least successful of which was that which adorned the front of the western gallery, where the band was stationed. Pro feseor Charles Badbani occupied the chair, and the Hon. Charles Campbell, M.L.C., occupied the vice-chair, On the right of the Chairman sat his Excellency ? the Eight Eon. the Earl of Belmore, next to whom was the Bisuop of Grafton and Armidale, Dr. Cox, Mr. \V. Neill, the Hon. J. B. 'Wilson (the Minister for Lands), the Rev. J. B. Leughton (the Moderator of the Presbyterian Church), aiad Mr. Kobett Anderson. On the left of Dr. Badham sat the Eon. Sir T. A. Murray (the President of the Legislative Council), the Hon. John Robertson (the Colonial Secre tary), the Rev. Dr. Laug, and Captain Baynes. Amongst the company also were the Hon. Robert Owen, M.L.C., the Hon. John Richardson, M.L.C., the Bon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C., Mr. C. A. Fraser, M.L.A., Mr. District Judge Francis, Captaiu John M'Lerie, I.G., Captain Beresford, A.D.C., the Hon. W. B. Dalley, M.L.C., Mr. Cooper, Mr. Alexander Siuurt, Mr. Charles Moore (Director of the Botanic Gar dene), Mr. R. A. A. Morchead, Mr. J. B. Watt, Mr. E. S. Hill, Mr. Crommelin, Mr. J. J. Moore, Mr. James Hen derson, Mr. Alderman M'Intosh, Mr. Nicholl, Mr. Barnett (the Colonial Arcbiteist), Mr. Thomas Hale, Mr. T. Spence, Mr. B. James, Mr. Booth, Mr. M. Black, Mr. Gecige Deas Thomson, Mr. Charles Goodchap, Mr. John Eae, Mr. Fosbery, Mr. Lydiard, Mr. John Fraser (of liatavia). the Rev. Mr. Lewors, Mr. Isaacs, Mr. Frank Senior, Mr. R. M.Pitt, of Richmond; Mr. P. F. Adams (ifce Surveyor-General), Mr. Charles Cowper, jun., W.F.M. ; and Mr. J. /ones. The Vice Chairman wore the Highland costume— the tartan of the renowned, numerous, end influential clan Campbell, often so vividly referred to in the works of that great writer, in houour of wfcoee cherished memory this social gathering took place. PoEtquam prima quies epulis— The Chaiiiman propoBcd 'The health of the Queoa.' He taid that this was the hereditary toast invariably looked for and done honour to amongst all Englishmen ; and tiiere, as elsewhere, it should be their first. The ladies, he sup posed, were to 'drink to it only with their eyes' — (a laugh)— but tbe gentlemen w-;uld drink to it in their oim way, out of the glarses which he called upon them to charge for the occasion. He gave them, ' The health of the Queen.' The toast was received with all the honours, the band playing the National Anthem. The Chairman next proposed, ' The health of the Prince of Wales, the PrincesB of Wales, aud all tlic lloyal family. The toast was equally wf 11 received, 4he band playing the *' Prince of Wales March.' Dr. Badham said that the toast he was now about to propose was one which was, of course, the logical conse quence of those which had just been acknowledged. They proposed loyalty to the Queen, and therefore to her represen tative in the colony. (Applause.) It expressed the great value which they attached to tlie representative of the Queen in the colony, and proved that they were uot in clined, like some gentlemen of his acquaintance, to ' cut the painter.' (Laughter.) He believed there would bo but one single answer in all parts of the colony if such a question were put. He believed that, so far as he could learn, either by personal visit or Ly the representation of those in whom he had T«T great trust. If they would appeal to theni and atk them what they thought of the present Governor, they 'Would say he was as conscientious a Governor ast ever represented the Queen in any of her dependencies. (Ap pluuf-e.) He bad told his Excellency just now that it ^ould be his duty to pour melted butter over his devoted «ad (laughter), but he was not going to do it. He Merely gave him that commendation which he strictly deserved. He gave them with all sincerity in the toast and ail sincerity in the Eentiments with which he had backed it BP-. His Excellency the Governor.' The toast was Reived with enthusiastic applause and three cheers, ?band, 'Fine old English Gentleman.' The Earl of Belhoue (who on risirg was re ceived with loud and continued applause) said that «e most heartily thanked them for the manner » which they Lad received the toast. Oa the present occasion he would not anticipate those elo alTv 8Peakers 'who were to address them that evening, ana he would therefore content himself with thanking them wr tanking his health. It was very pleasant for him K»i a Te a *oast in fiuca emphatic teruis. He again (AppUuE-e1?ailktllemf0r the hoilour t1iey ha* done him. TfhmtBAD»AM theE ProPosea tue ' A™y, Navy, and all hit r*6' ** wa8 not vel7 easy *OT nim- wlw lived »owh.« ''e partly in cloisters and always in cities, to go He c^m , ' -luestion of t*e Army, Navy, and Volunteers. orWm,f°t8ayail^iagil1 Prai8e of tQe Army, Navy, loefc ^T^* ,B0 often *?* he WM BWe ^y would 011 aKty BB(? iausf6 prOpOEed the toa8t- howeveri ™ GrSLw-Was duly hoa°iired. Band: 'The British aSISiBcws™1S retumea thankB on behalf of the ProfeEflor Badham next proposed 'The memory of Sir Walter Scott.' In doing so lie said: — Ladies and gentle - met;, I must now entreat your forbearance whilst I enter upon a task which has been allotted to me this evening. I was going to say that it was a task to which I was totally unequal— meaning thereby the task of praising Sir Walter Scott. But who is equal to it ? The greatest speaker that ever Jived, the men who should be most pregnant in fancy, most rich in observation, moBt gracefully flexible in lan guage, could never come up to anything like praising one \rii0 has been consecrated ia the memories of a great and powerful country. (Applause.) I cannot therefore under take to prcice him. For what would this praise be? It vould Le_ praising one whose praise had long ago sunk into deep and permanent admira tion — nn admiration to which none of you would think of giving utterance. And who am I that I should give utterance to those thoughts which you yourselves are content to leave as thoughts, to leave unuttered, but desire to transmit to your children ? (Applause.) Well, if this is the case, how ami to handle the subject? Am I to embark into a dissertation ? Is tbis a time, is this the place, for a iecture upon the peculiar merits of Sir Walter Bcott, either as a poet or as a novelist ? No doubt a great many very excellent disquisitions might be made by competent persons upon the variety of his characters, upon the appli cability of those characters to the history of the times, upon the history of the times themselves, how far this or that saying was a real explanation of the times he attempted to dt-Ecribe. Or, taking it in a larger way, how far Sir Walter Scott hid encouraged the true study of history, or how far he had been meritorious in originating that romantic period, as the French had agreed to call it, that remautic period of literature which, at ail events, if it did nothing eke, eent into utter darkness the miserable pseudo classi calnita which preceded it. All these and a hundred othor subjects a man might discourse up m, if lie thought it his province to xuahe a dissertation, or if he thought it6Utted thie place or the memory of ibis great man, to be lecturing upon him here. But I have no such aims. I have neither tLe preparation nor tlie phraseology, nor have I that utter want oi tbe sense of time and place which should prompt mo if I knew ever so much about these subjects, and could ever so well count upon an audience, to profane this solemnity by introducing matters which are at least pedantic. We have not come here to celebrate groat talents. We bave come here to perform an act of solemn com mcmoiation for great bentlits received. (Applause.) I see of course by that interruption that you understand to what benefits I a'llude. But yet let me point out to you some few of these benefits. The Duchess of Wellington, the wife of the great captain— and I have this anecdote upon the auihority of tbe physician who attended her, who was p. friend of our family, Sir Henry Halford— the Duchess of Wellington, a very few months before her death, seat to Sir Walter Scott to thank him most specially for the many hours of relief and comfort which his works had afforded her during a long and hopeless illness. Are there not many here — are there not many, not only in the Australian colonies, but still more in the mother-country— who can match that anecdote with anecdotes in their own family. (Applause.) I for one can remember dear faces pining, pining almost too much to express the .inward agony with which they were con vulsed — I can remember bringing into their eyes gleams of joy, gleams at least of cheerfulness and almost of joy, whilst I was using tho wand of this powerful enchanter to beguile their sufferings. (Applause.) This, I believe, is one of the greatest benefits that Sir Walter Scott has bestowed upon all — not only upon those who apeak the Engliehlanguage, but also upon all those to whom the English language is accessible, even through transla tions. I believe he has written a book that has gone into more households, into more European countries, or countries where there is the slightest tinge of European civilization, than any other. It is easier, more accessible, lesB dogmatic, I will not say that his works are the greatest of all works ; but they are the most invading and permeating of any works that I know of, (Applause.) It is not only in sickness, but also for us wb.0 are in health, to enjoy. How many a weary suspense, how many an hour of en forced idleness, when perhaps we might have been thinking of worse things, if we had not had that to occupy us ? How many an hour of wearisomeness and disgust, occasioned by petty cares or petty squabbles, have we— I will not say sanctified — but purified by alighting upon a volume of the Wayerley Novels just at the right time, and by giving our fancies to be purified of their unwholesome contents, by some magic sconce he may have conjured up. I say then, we come hc-re to commemorate a benefactor. But all. great men of genius are benefactors to us. But there is this dis tinction—that Sir Walter Scott, by pursuing a humbler kind of literature — as confessedly it was, for he himself stooped from poetry, in order to adopt it — contrived to introduce himself xviih that noiseless and unobtrusive sympathy, and come into the palace or the cot unannouueed, unheralded, and yet making himself welcome even almost before he is recognised. lie comes with such a stealthy sweetness upun us that we may hail him not only as our benefactor, but as our beneficent friend. (Applause.) I 6aid that' I bhould not praise this great man— I said also that I should not give you ary dissertation upon this great maa ; but I am tempted to soy some few words, not by way of disser tation, feut to 6how a certain discrimination, or rather a certain spirit of detail in commemorating his services. He is tha great consoler who has smoothed many a pillow. He is the great consoler who has made many a voyage supportable, who has made many an anxious tiying week or month, whatever time it may be, a little less'unendurable. But eurely we are all glad to recall the sources by which he has done it. What aretheEe enchantments which he las had in his hands ? Now, I with that in place of being surrounded by various devices formed of Australian plants and ferns and the rest of it, I could just put round, this room a few pictures illustrative of his great scenes. I wish I could represent to you now some of the great scenes which have arisen under the wand of his enchantment. I wish I could. I can, you can, any one of us can. For there is that power even in the name of our enchanter. At the mention of Sir Walter Scott, what arises amongst us? What arises before our eyes? Rebecca and the Templar; Bailie Nicil Jarvie — that inimitable character then sgain the clerk of Copmanhurst carousing with Bieland. And then again there is — but I dare not trust myself . And why should I be peopling this room with all kinds of phantoms ? If I do that, this magician is so powerful tbat perhaps the ghosts might jostle each other and crrate contidurable confusion. And now there is one more thing which wo need not shirk in the case of Sir Walter Scott. Often you will hoar praises of an author, nnd tben either an ominous silence* or that lightness of allusion which is often moro ominous than silence as to the ruan. But x?e fear no criticism of Sir Walter Scott. Because the man in this case is such a man, such a thorough, honest man. (Applause.) He is not a sickly roan, appealing to the public in his own sentimental and subjective imrtnefse. He is a man not moody and morose, but thoroughly healthy. Not challenging the worship of people to his gloom, as if hie gloom or moroseness was a pymptom of duty. And lastly, if 1 muEt descend into a lower nllusion, ho is a thoroughly upright man who dis dains to create applause by suggesting voluptuous images from which every healthy mind turns away with loathing. He reprofents a time which has been much mab'gned, chiefly by lectures upon the Georges and others ; but a time ?which, afi--r all, was a time of very manly men ? for it was a time of Wellington and of Nelson— a time of iu«n of greut courage, a time of courage also in the Cabinet. Ho sympathised with all this manliness becauEe he was manly himself . If you want to see an exuberance of his [manliness, just look at his heroines. I do not mean the heroines of particular individuals. Heroines of rovcls are those happy individuals whom we can generally dispose of in marriage before we get to the end of the story. They go through mild temptations and eapy kinds ot dangers, and at last get married. But the heroines of Sir Walter Scott wore of a far different charac ter. They are Flora M'lvor and Mima Troil— people who ere iiever majried, and never eettle down comfort ably— (laughter and cheere)— the unparochial people with whom I am eure more than one of my hearers has acute sympathy. He could not per haps deal quite justly with the tamer kind of feminine character. With his female characters there was all the lustre and all the grace of womanhood ; but there was also that hardness which your dapper, sentimen tal adventurers omit. He despised all low female adula tions. He was a man who kept unsullied his youth ia all ite purity as the greatest offering which he could lay at the shrine of his future bride. I refer you to his son-in-law for that. Then I am reminded that he had his faults. But we do not shrink from his faults. They were not of t bat sickly kind tLatwe could not look them inthefucs. He lived to much, in the world of romance and nobleness that he detested vulgarities. I do net mean vulgaritifs as a copkney would understand them ; but tie vulgarities of society from iop to bottom. He so bated diem that he moved himself from the world, and went into a half-fanciful world of his own. He believed in an old feudal tiiLe, that I for one strongly doubt whether it ever f xisttd. But he believed in it and tried to transfer himself into it, and tried to make Abbotsford some such a seat as an old castle in the earlier days. He (ried to com bine the refinement of the beginning of the nineteenth century with all the virtues which be believed belonged to centuries preceding. I think there was some historical confusion in his mind, and a considerable amount of imagi nation in his view. All tbis wrought powerfully upon a man who \ras intended and was born to be the great story teller ; the great reviver of all that was noble in the middle ages, and all that had been noble since amongst that false classicality to which I have alluded. With all this fancy in him, with a natural ambitipn to transmit his name and not allow his family to dwindle away and be submerged, he dreamed that unhappy dream of Abbotsford. Then came hard work, disappointment, and bankruptcy. What generally comes next to men after bankruptcy? The most heroic and contented acquiescence in the loss of their creditors. But be felt nothing of that kind. That is where the man came out. He felt towards every creditor to whom he owed a shilling the same as he would feel if he had lest a shilling himself. And he strove and worked— work, in comparison to which the work of the limbs is nothing. He wrought upon that tre mendous brain of his, until it fairly broke down, without ceinpJainfc or murmur. My owa father met him just before he died, and he said to him, ' I am afraid you are rather lame ?' ' Lame, Sir, not at all; but one year ago I was the strongest man in Scotland,' and now I scarcely feel myself a man at all.' Hero was the heroic old fellow dying to satisfy his creditors. Now, the end of all this is, we have come here to commemorate a man who hes relieved our anxious moments, who has supplied us with the means of relieving far more terrible moments, and more than moments, of buffering, to those who are dear to us. He was himself a great pattern of all the beat English and Scottish virtues, and of Irish too. He i3 a muu who Las taken a large share in our literature and has given it a moral and useful tendency — useful, I added, on account of the many Scotch gentlemen present this evening. I call upon you not to drink to the health of, the memory of, or anything else ; but simply call upoa you to perform a solemn act of commemoration to one of those few men whom Providence vouchsafes to bestow upon a somewhat miscellaneous congregation of persons, who are called civilised, from time to time— con lescends to bestow them in order to relieve them from utter barbarism. I call upon you to record your thankfulness in any way you like, either by drinking or thinking, to the memory of Sir Walter Scott. The toast was received with solemn eilenco. Tbe Rev. Dr. Lang proposed 'British Literature.' He briefly referred to the rapid progress which the Australian colonies had made, and to their present importance. He then quoted Thomas Oarlyle's eulogium upon Sir Walter frcott. He believed that the great achievement of Sir Walter Scott was tie revolution which he effected iu the literature and taste of his country — (cheers) — in raising its character and in introducing into it an element of whicn it had been previously destitute, in banishing from society the waggon loads of miserable trash that was circulated through the empire at home and abroad before he appeared upon the stage. (Cheers.) Tiiat was an achievement which Thomas Carlyle, with all his 'English on etilts,' or -% English run mad,' could never have achieved. Sir Walter Scott's grand object was to found a family, to acquire a great lauded estate. But he failed in taose objects, as no doubt Providence ordered. But ia those . commercial embarrassments into which, he fell, and which have been alluded to so eloquently by a previous speaker, Dr. Badhsm, Sir Walter Scott presented to us an example far more honourable to himself than all the honour and glory he derived from his writings. When, he be came bankrupt, what did he do? Did he do wbat eo many others did, make a compo Eition with his creditors ? No he set to work at once, and he worked for a quarter of a century, until he was able to eay_ ' he owed not any man.' (Applause.) If in accordance with a suggestion which, had been made this evening, we should erect a statue- to Sir Walter Scott, he (Dr. Lang) would propose that it should be placed at the door of the Insolvent Court— (laughter and applause)— with this inscription upon it: 'He was an honest man and no mistake.' (Continued laughter and applause.) He conceived that Sir Walter Scott, for the reasons ho had mentioned, independently of his writings, was an honour to Scotland, and well deserved the honour of the whole civilised world. ( Applause.) The Hon. Chables Campbell (who was all but in. audible owing to the constant conversation going on, and his distance from the chair) gave a most eloquent and impressive review of the immense strides which lit.eroture had taken in England from the earliest period of the nation's history, and the lasting benefits which had been conferred upon the people of Great Britain by fcir Welter fccott, whoso centenary they were assembled here that e'. ening to celebrate. He called upou them to do justice to the literature of Great Britain. (Cheers.) The toaBt was received with great enthusiasm and hearty applause. Mr. District Court Judge Fbajtcis rose to respond, and was greeted with cheers. He said that ho roae to respond to tho toast under several disadvantages. It was getting very late, and he had a great objection to long af ter-dirncr speeches. (Hear, hear.) He must say that after he had heard a most interesting speech— original, strik ing, and pleasing, and treated in a very brief space from the chair, and followed by a lengthy speech irom tUe Rev. Dr. Lang, he felt that a protracted speech was quite unneces sary. If they looked at the extent of British literature they would eee that it positively defied, by its extent, their powers of enumeration. Supposing they discarded niae tenths of British literature; supposing they agreed to forget tbat long line of theologians, those learned men who had recorded not only the rise and fall of empires, but all those subtle and mysterious changes ; supposing they could lay these aside and confine themselves simply to two branches ot English literature — fiction and poetry — what a world there was open to them for contemplation. (Applauee.) If they looked at the works of fiction they miglit well feel proud of what the British nation had done in that direction. They had perhaps spoken of the greatest master of fiction, but they could not forget how maDy great masters they had had in tbat line whose works had tended to moral enjoy ment and mental improvement. He enumerated most pro minent novelists, philosophic writers, and classica: authors, whose works had for years formed the standard of English literature. It was a topic which it was impossible for htm to grapple, and yet one might well be proud to belong to a land where such literature was pro duced ; and they might be thankful that such existed to counteract the errors of the day. It reminded them that there were many things worth possessing, and, moreover, it bound them together, and that was perhaps the most important consideration of all. Britain would live by her literature, which would be felt even when her institutions had passed away. (Applause.) Dr. Badham called upon the Hon. W. B. Dallcyto propose the toasts of ' Australian Authors aud the Press of the Colony,' and ' Lady Belmore and the Ladies of the Colony.' The Hon. W. B. Dalley (who was received with great applause) said that he understood that he was to have spoken upon a previous toast, but the venerable Dr. Lang, having been guilty of larceny, (laughter) had taken the task upon himself, and had therefore somewhat lightened his (Mr. Dalley'e) labours. Although in that country they had no literature to spsak of in com parieon with Great Britain, they had just as deep a sympathy with the literature of England. (Ap plause.) After humorously referring to the ladies, to proposed in succession ' Lady Belmore and the Ladies of the colony,' and 'Australian Authors and the Press of th.e colony.' The toasts were received with continued cheers. The Earl of Belmoee said that on behalf of the Countt-8 of B«lmore, he returned his thanks for the manner in whith they had r. ceivtd tiis toast. Mr. George Ihomson returned thanks on behalf of the ladies of the colony, and a vote of thanks to the chair man (proposed by the Hon. S. D. Gordon), brought the' proceedings to a close about 11 o'clock. We have been requested to mention that the Hon. E. Deas Thomson was unavoidably absent from the banquet. 