OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE DERBY. Baron Rothschild, a true and steady lover of sport, has attained the blue riband after 20 years' competition. He was very near it in 1854, and again in Blink Bonny's year. Nobody suspected him of having the lucky number this season, but his triumph has been unequivocal, however unexpected. Favonius gave the public a splendid race for his money, and no one, I don't suppose, even Bothwell's disappointed friends, will grudge him the five thousand odd pounds he put into the old Baron's pocket. You may have gathered from the reports of the Newmarket Meeting that sporting enthusiasm does not run very high at present. Bothwell's walking away with the Two Thousand, and Albert Victor's close run for the Craven Biennial, were not much credited as shadows of the coming event. The first favourite nominally rose to 2 to 1, and the second to 4 to 1; but they drew comparatively little money at these figures. They had dangerous rivals, who might turn the tables upon them in the mile and a half. Albert Victor had saved the Biennial by a head from the Zephyr colt, afterwards christened Favonius; Bothwell reached the Judge's box barely in time to escape being collared by King of the Forrest and Dighy Grand. All these were in for the Derby, and it is singular that though the distribution of places was entirely reversed, the group was identical. All the best performers in the Two Thousand and the Biennial, save the favourite himself, finished foremost in the Derby. As a holiday the occasion was magnificent, with but one fault as to weather, it being a trifle too Australian. The Downs are dreadfully bare for English landscape ; they have been created with a strong intusion of limestone. When the thermometer goes over 90°, as it did on the 24th, the locality heats you up smartly, in spite of a week's previous shivering among fogs. If you had the whole population of South Australia mustered on Crystal Brook Run, you might have a few thousands to spare after reckoning off the number at the Derby. The calculation made from railway and police returns is over a hundred and fifty thousand swells and gipsies, aud match boys included. The gathering of the clans goes on from daylight till within half an hour of the big race, which is always taken at 3 o'clock. The first hour is devoted to the Bentinck Plate, to saddling in the paddock, and to the preliminary canter in front of the Grand Stand. The start itself may consume the best part of another hour—this year Mr. Macgeorge managed it at the seventh trial, and had his horses off by 3.31 p.m., Benson's clirouometer. There were seventeen in the field—two more than last year. The favourite had declined before the start to 7 to 4; Albert Victor was still good at 4 to 1; Mr. Chaplin's Pearl, though almost unknown in public, stood on the reputation of its owner at 8 to 1. Baron Rothschild's Zephyr colt was in request at the long figure of 10 to 1. Mr. Merry could not maintain King of the Forest at a better rate than 109 to 8, and nothing behind him had a saleable chance even for a place. The mile and a half comprises three variations of ground—an uphill toward Sherwood's, a downhill toward Tottenham Corner, and then the straight, wliich begins more than a quarter of "a mile from home. The leader round the corner was Digby Grand, who threw off in succession Ripponden and Pearl. Bothwell was forging on third in a separata track, and Favonius, taking the place of Pearl, gave place to Digby. At his heels, but nearer the inside, were Albert Victor and King of the Forest, doing a magnificent match. At the distance Digby had to yield to Favonius, who waS still hugged by Mr. Merry's colt and the winner of the Biennial. At the half-distance Bothwell was played out, but Digby held his ground toughly. When Favonius was called upon by French, he pushed out a length and a haft in advance, and achieved an easy win. Albert Victor and the King never changed positions by a hairsbreath till they passed the Judge's box. Their dead heat saved a place for Digby Grand, and Ravenshoe, cutting in before Bothwell, degraded the favourite to sixth rank. Time, 2min. 51 sec. THE OAKS have also gone to Mentmore—a prize of Hannah's—a filly of the same stock as Favonius. Both have been bred by their owner, who has another promising filly from the same dam. Favonius has already netted over ten thousand in stakes, albeit, he is in his first season. The Baron's caution has overreached itself in not entering him for the St. Leger, where the Mentmore colours were represented only by Hannah. The Lady's Race was contested by a small field, of which Hannah had the pick from the beginning. She was threatened by a Northern filly—Mr. Graham's Belle, who ran as low as 5 to 1 in the betting, but showed poorly in the race. The course is a mile and a half, and, like the Derby, the start is timed for 3 o'clock. Many who went dowu by rail arriving just to see the horses led out, and leaving when the winner entered the paddock again, were back in London at half-past 4. .That rush of sight-seeing, combined with a betting fit, is what the old English sport has come to. The Prince of Wales, who attended both the Derby and Oaks, was less niggardly of his leisure, yet within an hour of the great events he was at Marlborough House, three-quarters sufficing to' drive him to the Victoria Station, to carry him by express to Epsom, and then to whirl him from the station to the Downs. This style of locomotion is one of the modern vices of London, for which railways are answerable. But there are your niue beauties airing themselves in the saddling-paddock. The Baron's yellow and green were carried by the favourite aud her halfsister Corisande, who was to make the running. The Belle's stable companion was Lady Athelstone, and Mr. Chaplin's unlucky, But still popular Pearl was supported by Steppe. They went off at the first signal, and spread so as to reserve all the interest of the race for the finishing half-mile, when they closed up again. Lady Athelstone's lead was then transferred to Corisande, who was well, though not closely, attended by Hannah. The other front horses were the Belle and Headingley, who hardly survived the whirl rouud Tottenham Corner. At the straight Hannah overhauled Corisande, and went on with Noblesse and Hopbine at her heals. When called upon she drew away from them easily, and passed the Judge's box with three lengths to the good. Noblesse was about three-quarters of a length iu front of Hopbine. Time, 2 min. 54 sec. THE ASCOT WEEK has seldom a close connection with the Derby either in its events or its visitors. The great performers at Epson don't always make their mark on the Berkshire Heath. Fisherman did it when he carried off the Gold Cup, and Gladiateur included the royal trophy among the omnivorous spoils of his year. After him Lechmer aud Blue Gown and Sabrino came in for double triumphs; but 1871 has not added to the list of doubles. The Gold Cup has fallen to a competitor who was never mentioned ou the Derby Day—a countryman of Gladiateur's, too, forsooth. The Ascot week numbers four sporting days—from Tuesday to Friday—and each of them is punctiliously attended by the Court in semi-state. The Prince and Princess of Wales, with a large suite, occupied Titness House, and drove over daily in Court carriages, " with postillions and outriders in livery. On the Cup day (Thursday) they were accompanied by the Grand Duke Vladimer of Russia, now on a visit to London; the Duke of Edinburgh, wtio has now parted company with the Galatea, and is waiting for an irou-clad; the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Napoleon. The Prince of Wales Stakes, ran for on Tuesday, June 6, brought together most of the Derby cracks, and ou a similar course, it being a bare furlong longer. Albert Victor was in the paddock, and excited hopes of another close match with the King of the Forest, but he did not show. Bothwell and Hannah were less apprehensive of spoiling past victories. The winner of the Oaks had the turn of the betting through his light weight; while the Victor in the Two Thousand Guineas had a heavy embryo. Bothwell was unfit for the 9 st. 11 lbs. to which he had been condemned, and did not come in any better than in the Derby. Hannah had a place and no more, Ripponden being second, and King of the Forest first. Next day the Bang was thoroughly beaten by Sterling at even weights in the Biennial. The same was a lucky day for the Baron, his filly Chopette pulling off the Fern-' hill Stakes, and Corisande following up with the Coronations. What is now the Ascdfc Gold Cup was originally the Emperor's Plate—a presentation by the Emperor of Russia. It is the heaviest race of the season, over a two and a half mile course. The fields of bite have been small, and when nine appearances were promised, it was hastily predicted that the race would exceed anything since the Lecturer year. But of the 10 expected three were scratched, though present on the course—King of the Forest, Hawthornden, and Rippendon. The reduced field of seven included such winners as Siderolite, the hero of last year's Queen's Vase; Kingcraft, of| Derby fame; and the indomitable Bothwell. Yet the odds were very heavy against the comparatively unknown Mortimer, the new Gladiateur, who had been pre-announced as the " best horse in world." The Lombard got even money on him to any extent, and latterly a little more. Bothwell was specially assigned for his antagonist, and the Engb'sh stables had another strong string to their bow in Sir Joseph Hawley's Siderolite. With marvellous ease the Son of Compregne cut them down and finished the two and a half miles with a grand stride all his owp. On first passing the stand Siderolite was forcing the pace, with Bothwell close on him, and Mortimer a cool fourth. He was well held till returning to the straight, when Siderolite gave in, and Mortimer and Verdure pushed up on Bothwell. At the final call the Frenchman gained a couple of lengths, and Verdure got her head in front of the Middleton colt also. Time, 4 min. 36 sec. THE NORMAN MURDERS. The reading public of Australia can be commended for its healthy taste in the way of news. It has never developed strong proclivities towards blood and murder. This correspondence has not sought to foster such a taste, and any infusion it has had of Reynolds's Miscellany has sprung from necessity rather than choice. But this mail involves another and a serious exception. To omit all notice of the Eltham murder, the Westborne Grove tragedy and the wholesale infanticide at Lambeth would be a grevious slight on the domestic annals of London. Two of the investigations were begun when last mail left, though it was not till later that they became quite intelligible. The Lambeth case was first disposed of by the committal of the accused, Agnes Norman, on four separate charges of murder. She was a nursery-maid, and as there is no implication of motives her conduct will probably have to be referred to Thomas DeQuincey- That of her indulgent employers would defy the philosopher of murder. The series of charges laid against her begins as far back as two years ago, when Norman was in service with Mr. Milner at Camberwell. He has stated that one day he left her in the house with three children, all in good health. On his return one was dead, and at the inquest a verdict of " death from natural causes" was returned. Ten days after he heard a second one crying while the accused was putting him to bed. He went up, and found it with its teeth clenched as if it had had a fit. It did not recover till the next day. A third child died while the accused was in the house, and evidence of its treatment was obtained from a boy of eight years old, who had been present. The little girl was playing in the kitchen and became sleepy. Norman sent out the boy for - some gin, and said she would put the girl to bed. When the boy returned she took him into a room, opened a wardrobe, and showed him the girl leaning her head' against the wood; her eyes, he remembered, were turned up and fixed. Norman laid on her on the floor, and she was very ill for some hours after. In the afternoon her brother went in and found her dead. A neighbour, who had beeu called on by the accused when Thomas died, was again sent for to see Minnie. An inquest was held, aud as the medical evidence could uot account for death, it was ascribed to teething. Norman was dismissed, and found another place at St. George'sroad, where, the family being small, she liad to operate first on pet birds and fishes. A canary gave up the ghost without notice; a parrot dropped from its perch in extremis; a linnet disappeared, and only its corpse was afterwards recovered. By-and-by a little nephew of the householder came iu one day panting and trembling. He described something that the accused had doue to him, but which she denied. Her stay there was cut short, and her next transfer was to a nursery at Newington Butts. On the night of Good Friday last the baby died apparently in a fit. The mother suspected that it had been suffocated, and Norman was cljarged at the Police Court. Reiranded from week to week, she has at last been committed on a very promiscuous indictment. THE ELTHAM MURDER. More than six weeks elapsed between the discovery of this murder aud the finding of a true bill by the Grand Jury against the person arrested ou suspicion. At the inquest at Guy's Hospital, sixteen out of twenty-two of a Jury gave a verdict against Pook. He was then charged at the Greenwich Police Court, and the police required fully a month to collect even jri-imd facie evidence of his guilt. Ultimately he was committed to the Old Bailey, but the trial has been postponed to next sessions. The mur-' dered girl was found on the night of the 20th April in Kidbrooke-lane, near Eltham—this is going from Blackheath. The hammer with which her head had been smashed was found lying near ber, and afterwards the police picked up a tin whistle. The girl herself was never conscious during the few days that she lived, and made no statement whatever. The youth Edmund Pook, on whom suspicion lighted, had been keeping company with her, and she had been formerly in his father's service. When he produced his clothes blood stains were found on his trousers and on the left wristband of his shirt. He accounted for them by stating that he was subject to fits, in which he frequently bit his tongue. He showed a scratch on his right arm which might have stained his shirt sleeve, but it was on the wrong arm for that, unless the Recorder's suggestion of his having laid his wrists across each other been admitted. He could explain clearly how be had been employed during the week, and particularly on the night of the murder. The three clues which the police had to follow out were the tin .whistle, the hammer, and Pook's alleged appearance near Kidbrook-lane on the night of the murder. All of them afford a partial, and only a partial amount of circumstantial evidence. Miss Durnford, a later innoramata of the accused, testified to his possession of such a whistle as had been found in the lane, and to his using it for signalling when he waited for her; but a hundred other young gallants in Greenwich might have carried such a whistle. The hammer was more specific. It is a particular class of article, with a trade-mark—one of Sorby's No. 2 plasterers' hammers. It had been purchased in a shop at Deptford, most probably on the night before the murder. But the seller is an intractable witness, and the missing link which he might supply will be very difficult to obtain. He was not summoned till late iu the investigation, and after a sufficient interval to allow him to plead defective memory. This much he knew, that there had been six hammers of the same kind in his stock; that up to Saturday night, Aprill 22, three of them had been sold ; that an entry of a fourth sale appeared in his boeks ou the 24th ; that a fifth was made after the inquest had commenced, aud that the sixth hammer was given up to the police when they applied for it. Thomas, the ironmonger, had been out on the niglit of the 24th, when the important entry was made; his wife, who made it, had no recollection whatever of the sale alluded to in tbe entry, but a Miss Carell, who happened to be in the shop on the night of the 24th, has deposed to seeing Mrs. Thomas serving a young man with something from a window in the shop ; she could not, however, identify either the article or the purchaser. After the accused had been committed to the Old Bailey, Mr. Poland, the counsel for the prosecution, asked a postponement till next sessions, on account of fresh evidence which had come to light. A young man named Perreu, an acquaintance of Pook's, declared that he had seen him on the night of the 24th of April, leaving Thomas's shop with a brown paper parcel under his ami, which might have been a hammer or chopper. Pook's counsel is confident that he can rebut this evidence, and establish a satisfactory oJUii. THE WESTBOIJRNE GROVE TRAGEDY. On the evening of the Derby Day there was a tctf.-u.-Me dinner at the house of a respectable anonynia, who^e address was first given in the police reports as Sirs. Davey, 23, Newton-road, Westbourne Grove. The district is a semigenteel continuation of Belgravia. Mrs. Davey had a house of eight rooms, elegantly furnished, not with boudoirs and female vanities, but with billiard rooms, good wine cellars, and the substantial comforts of life. She had a "male friend" livine with her, who passed in the neighbourhood as her step-brother. He was, in fact, ason of the late Sir Francis Moon, the city baronet. Countiy nieces visited her occasionally, and went in to dessert after the tete-a-lete dinners; but they aver that they preferred a little quiet music in the drawing-room to lingering over their wine. They did not sleep in the house, and kept themselves discreetly ignorant as to its domestic economy. The dinner on the Derby Day ended thus—about midnight the constable on duty in Newton-road passed the house, when the door was open, and several gentlemen were hurrying out and in. He asked a servant if any one were 111, and was told that a gentleman had burst a blood-vessel. After leaving the house he met a doctor, who had been looking for him, and asked him to go back immediately to No. 23. He called another constable, and they went together. They were informed this time that it was a case of stabbing, and the doctor led them into the dining-room, where a gentleman lay on the rug with a stab in his breast and the upper part of his body sodden with blood. A white-handled knife lay on the grate. In the front room was a lady under great excitement, her hair dishevelled, her dress in disorder, and her breath redolent of spirits. Some clothes of hers in the room—a pair of cuffs, a jacket, a silk skirt, and a white petticoat —were covered with blood stains. The doctor who had hunted up Constable Russell was Mr. Philipps, jun., of Bayswater, who had been summoned to the house at half-past 10. Moon was then on the floor, with the woman bending over him trying to undo his clothes. He died in five or six minutes after. Mr. Philipps, sen., who had been attending Mrs. Davey for congestion of the liver—a consequence of alcoholism — arrived after his son. He deposes that on telling Mrs. Davy the man was dead she fell into a half swoon, and on recovering she said, "Oh, doctor, I am afraid I have done it." She explained that Moon, who was in low spirits, had made an observation about her grown-up daughter which so annoyed her that she must have used some threat. He retorted that he would repeat it, and if she did not take it quietly Tie would fling a bottle at her head. Thereupon she sprung up with a knife in her hand, and in the struggle he fell; immediately after she saw the blood pouring from his breast. The woman's own confession, coupled with the improbability that the wound was selfinflicted, is literally all the evidence against her. The stab was nearly two inches in diameter and six inches in length. Dr. Phillips, jun., passed his finger into it to a depth of three inches. It entered between the ribs and the skin, then penetrated the ribs, traversed the left lung, and pierced the heart. The surgeons who made the post-mortem examination inferred, from the force of the stroke and the direction of the wound, that it could not have been self-inflicted. There was a shade more probability of its having been done by Mr. MOOR falling upon it in the struggle. The assumption that it had been done by another party was by far the most credible. The bearing of the evidence on the accused personally is unfavourable. She is a woman of very violent temper, and has been for years a habitual drinker. Mr. Moon's friends had heard her threaten to do him an injury. They had advised him to break off his intimacy with her, and he often formed resolutions to that effect, but could not execute them. On the day after the tragedy she was to start for the Continent, and he had given her £200 for her expenses. Her antecedents have oozed out in a manner much to the taste of a scandal-loving Police Court public. At her first appearance she gave the name of Flora Davey, and an alleged husband was produced—Captain Davey, a retired officer— whose bail for her was accepted under the impression of a bona fide relationship. At next hearing the captain disowned the implied responsibility. He had only been a "male friend" like Mr. Moon—in short Mr. Moon's predecessor. The real Benedict was a Mr. Newington, a solicitor, who had been deserted years ago. Latterly she has got her legal title of Flora Newington reimposed upon her. B The New York Tribune-, remarking on the trial of a school-teacher for administering unusually severe punishment to a puf>il, says:— It used to be the practice in a school in Albany, N.lr., to procure permission in writing from the parents to punish ad libitum. We recommend the plan to teachers who think corporeal punishment indispensable, and can assure them that the permission can frequently be obtained. Here is one of the "permits-' that was kept on record:— " Your flogging cirklar is dully received. I hope as to my John, you will Bog him just as ofin as you kin. Beas a bad boy—is John. Hithol've bin in habit of teachin him miself, it seems to me he never will larn antihing—his spelling is ottragously defishent. Wallop him well, iser, and you will receive my thanks. P.S.—What accounts for John bein eich a scholar is that he is my sun by my wife's fust husband." The following, which is going the round of the American papers, shows that good penmanship is not, as editors know to their .cost, [an art to be despised :— I From H. Greeley to M. B. Castle. J "Dear Sir—I am overworked and growing old. I shall be 60 next Feb. 3. On the whole, it seems I must decline to lecture henceforth, except in this immediate vicinity, if I do at all. I cannot promise to visit Illinois on that errand—certainly not now.—Yours, HORACE GREELEY. "M. B. Castle, Sandwich, 111." IFrom M. B. Castle to H. Greeley.] "Sandwich, 111., May 12th.—Horace Greeley, New York Tribune.—Dear Sir—Your acceptance to lecture before our Association next winter came to hand this morning. Your penmanship not being the plainest, it took some time to translate, but we succeeded, and would say your time—' 3rd of Feb.'—and terms—'$61' are entirely satisfactory. As you suggest, we may be able to get you other engagements in the immediate vicinity; if se, we will advise you.—Yours respectfully, ? "M. B. CASTLE." PUNGENT JOKING.—It is narrated by Harper's Monthly that a gentleman living in one of the frontier towns of a far Western State had some friends staying with him, to whom he gave a little dinner—the best the place could furnish —and invited to meet them a few half-civilized Indians. Of course, the "noble red men" were treated to delicacies they had not seen before, and displayed a perhaps excusable inclination to "go through" the bill of fare. A young chief, who had partaken of nearly everything on the table, had been eyeing the mustard for some time, no doubt thinking that such a pretty paste would taste as good as it looked. At length opportunity appearing he reached forth in a dignified manner, took a liberal spoonful, and swallowed it without moving a muscle of his countenance. But in spite of his utmost exertions the tears soon streamed down his cheeks.. An aged chief opposite to him, who had been watching the whole proceeding, leaned forward and enquired what he was crying for. He replied, "I was thinking of my poor old father, who died a short time ago." Soon afterwards the "aged," being unable to restrain his curiosity, also solemnly took a dip from the mustard-pot, and swallowed it without the quivering of a muscle. But his eyes were not as strong aB his will, and the little cries soon trickled down his cheeks. It was now the young red man's turn. Leaning forward, he enquired the cause of the grief, to which the elderly red party replied, " I was thinking 'twas a pity you hadn't died when your poor old father did." The following story is told of how a susceptible youth Irom the East was saved from the toils of a scheming enchantress. He was travelling over one of the railroads in America, when there entered the car an elderly lady, then the matron of the Indiana State Prison at Jeffersonville, accompanied by her daughter, a beautiful as well as accomplished, but very mischievous young lady of eighteen. The voung man immediately "took a shine to her," and after much managing obtained a seat by her side, and endeavoured to lead her into conversation. This she, in her vivacity and roguishness, was not at all loth to accept, and the youngster was fairly intoxicated with her brilliant repartee, and the muBic of her low sweet voice, "that excellent thing in woman" After this had gone on as long as the old lady thought proper, she took a seat beside the young Adonis, and said, "Young man, you are a total stranger to me; but it is my duty to warn you of impending evil. That young lady is just out of the State prison." The young man wilted. A leading broker being asked the other day how his child was, answered, almost in tears, "Very ill; would not give two per cent, for his life." 