The news brought by the Jessie Kelly from. Mew Caledonia u of a melancholy chtraoter, and will render many a household sorrowful. The Her. -Dr. Patteson, Bishop of Melanesia, the Rev J. At kin, and a native eatechist, named Stephen, have been b&rbarouily; murdered by the natives of Nnkapu, a email islet in the Santa Cruz group, situated near the Equator, and about 350 miles north «f the New Hebrides, The . details of this sad and most painful event appear in another column. To the good men who have thus fallen viotims to their zeal iu propagating their faith doath will be & glorious release from the turmoils and labours of this earthly life, but to their sorrowing friends aud relatives, as well as to aU who sympathise with missionary effort, and indeed to all men of feeling whether they sympathise with missionary eflbrt or not, the cruel murder of biich noble minded men must long be a source of deep and painful regret. That the islanders of Nukapu murdered the Bishop and his assistants in retaliation for ' injuries reoeived at the hands of white traders ( there can hardly be a doubt. Although the , prccise nature of these injuries has not yet been clearly made known, it is believed that-some of the islanders had been kidnapped previously to the arrival of the missionary party. iThis bnbarovs murder, therefore, may be regarded as one of the fruits of the systenrof slavery now carried on in the 1? oath Seas - under the pre ence of obtaining hired labour for the planters of Queensland and the Fiji. aod other islands! ''The planters are willing to pay a good price for labourers as they are called, and there are plenty of unprincipled skippers- and shipowners who are willing .to pocket their share of the profits, and who axe not oversorupnlous as to the mode iu which such profits ar« obtained. If labourers can be got to engage voluntarily it will not be necessary to kidnap them; but, should they refuse, the expenses of the voyage must be paid in some way or other, the captain mu6t make the trip profit-. able to himself and the owners of the vessel,' and tbe planters most have labour at a oheapj rate. The result we all know. The natives; are wheedled and coaxed on board. If fraud fails, force is resorted to; and thei-, the; 'labour' being seonred, the schooner sails' away with her living freight of kidnapped Blares. Barbarous and ignorant, these poor j savages have no redreBs against their ' Chris-' tian' oppressors, and to all intents -and -jftir- ! poses are worse off than the African Blares of' the West Indies were before Great Britain! paid twenty millions sterling for their i , redemption. When at last, some few of die! more hardy, or more fortunate of these out-! raged islanders manage/ to get hway from; slavery to their native islands, they n&turaUj; enough describe the treatment they received at the hands of the white man, and deteniiinc on revenging their injuries whenever oppor tunity offers. Unfortunately they are too ignorant to discriminate between the innocent and the guilty, between the men who visit their island for the purpose of procuring b!rtps, and those-who visit them to proclaim the Christian faith, and for wiBe and tend cent purposes, Hence they wreak their Vengeanoe upon the first white man who pla es himself in their power, and hence also the . deplorable event which has called forth these remarks and which adds three more martyrs to the long list of moral heroes who h--ve died in harness and sealed their faith with their blood. The state of affairs which has led to this disastrous event is sure to be brought under the notice of the Homo authorities, and,jio doubt, mciDS wiil be taken to prevent the depredations of slave captains in the future. cr Majesty's cruisers have been kept for years on the coast of Africa for the purpose of suppressing the trade in s'aves as far ai possible, but here within the last few years, a system of slavery, h: s grown up in our own seas, as bad almost as that which prevail* amongst the barbarous tribes of Western Africa, and this system .will flourish until the Home Government adopts ome measure for its repression. The cupidity ef B'-me men is so overwhelming that purely moral considerations fail altogether to turn them away f-om any profitable pursuit ; and as the difficulty of bringing them to justice in. the Australian Courts is verv great, and the means of capture may be easily evaded with a flowing topsail, it follows that the only effectual way to repress the traffic is to send a cruieer to the South Seas, for the purpose of chasing and overhauling : ' labour schooners,' and of proteoting the natives against slave captains. Should this unfortunate murder of Bishop Patteson and his friends be proved to have resulted from the i au5e we have stated, and wliioh seems \- s'reaiply pnbablo, wc may rat assured that the case will be urged on the attention of^life Imperial Government, by tnen of influence, and that same means will be devised to prevent the evil seed which avarice is now sowing in the south seas from bearing its full orop of fruit. It is perfectly disgraceful to the British Government that this horribie system of man-stealing ha; been permitted to con tinue so long; and if the -mvtvder of Bishop Patteson and his colleagues resets in its sup pression valuable lives will not have been sacrificed in vain; - PiBEAMATTA. — On Hatnrday evening last a meeting of the friends of Mr. John -.Taylor was held at Williams's Family Hotel, and the following resola. tiona^ were carried unanimously L -That thiameeU ing wishes to express sympathy with Mr. John/Taylor in his committal upon the, charge of libel brought against him in the case Hellyer v. Taylor. 2. That subscription lists be opened for the purpose of defray ing Mr. Taylor's expenses Jn the said action. 3. That a committee be formed' to collect subscriptions. ^ committee was aooordingly formed, and the meeting was adjourned until Thursday evening next. About £40 was collected in the room, .and considerable interest was manifested in- Ihe -proceedings.— Gom- municated. .. . ' Faroes. of Wakes Opbra Hocsk.— On Saturday! nijht Mr. Tavares appeared for the first time at this house, at whioh he has taken ashort engagement The piece chosen for the occasion was ' ' Hamlet,' in whioh Mr. Tavares repeated his impersobatlon rf the toelan choly Prince with his ' usual eucoess. He wai admirably supported by Mr. iSartlott as the Ghost, Mr. Welsh as Polonius, Mr. O. Young as the grave digger,* Miss Carey as Ophelia, he- . The performances con-: eluded with the amusing farco of The Ana Belle,'' in whioh Pitoher {of .the police) was plftyed by. Mr. George Simms, and Tosser {of the grenadier*) , by Mr. Welsh ; and the audience were kept in .good humour until the approaoh of midnight necessitated the dropping of the green oprtain. , To-nithtiherp Is a* ohange of programme, arid Miss Sorters is shortly 'toj appear. ;? r.' , f Worms in the Hijhan Liter. —A death took place' recently in the Darlinghorst gaol, resulting froms hydatids in the liver. : The. patient, whose name wps ' William Oosten, had -been reoeived into the gaol oh the 27th September, from Mudgee, and was twenty two years of age. The presecoe of these animals in the human subjeot is unfortunately not solely confined to the poor young man whose death we . reoord, but we have recently had the opportunity of ; seeing several such oases. The Pneumatic A*pirator, _an aoeount of which instrument has lately appeared -in the I*ncet, . and which is in the possession of Mr. H. G. A. Wright,; of Wynyard-square, Is ah 'excellent means of arriving, \- at a tiorreot diagnosis to the presence or absence of ; these animals in any -tumour or enlarged viscus. The ; excellent paper that recently, appeared in the Australian j Medical Journal (Victoria), from the able pen of Dr.| Bird, shows that these parasites sre frequent in the; human subject in Yictorii. — N.S. W. Medical Gazettes .for November. ? 1 West Maitlakd. — Special services were held in the \ Baptist Chapel, Free Ohuroh-street, .West Maitlksd. on - the 29 th and 30th nit. , On the Sabbath, three sermons ; were jpreached, that in the .morning, from 1st Oor. xv, : 49, by the Eev. W. Fursman j that in the afternoon, * from Sev. viii, 9 10, by the EeV. G -.Lane (Wesleyan), I of Morpeth ; and io the evening by the Eer. Mr. Jfolan ; (Wesleyau), of Maitland. jOn Monday, a.publii! .tea ? meeting came off. and a. good number attended. The \ provisions were of the firafc^laap, .and were gratuitously provided by the ladies.- ' The -ohapel -was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers- ? A publio meet ing was held after tea, at whioh Mr. Steadmap (Chuni of -England) presided. The -chairman, after -prayer by the Eev. W. Funman, opened the meeting in a neat speech on earnestness in religion and said, the pastor tied set them an example -if seal and earnestness in preaching in 'the open air .as well as in the ohapel. The Rev. Mr. Alien (Wesleyan). .spoke on Christian effort in 'the spread -of truth. The Rev. W. F uraman, spoke : on Christian Union andaaid, he should like to see all j denominations united. '' He diBjplorod tbe divisions and s sohisms which abounded in the so-called Chris tian Church, and thought it was contrary to the teaching ef ; the New Testament. He thought the steps that are being taken by tho Bishop of Melbouroe afld by the .Catholios in Europe to be in* the right direction, Votes . of (thanks were given to the ladies, the ministera,_, the chairman, and BCr. Why, .for his able leadership of the ' singing. Afilnteresti^ meeting ?astkenjilosrf. Csktbal OeimihaiuOodBT.— Th* following are the esses to be tried at this court, which opens to-day : — . 1\. Patrick SavBge, murder. 2. Alfred 'Carver, man- ; slaughter. 3. Thomas Kelly, wounding with Intent murder. 4. William Jones and Timothy Connors, robbery. 5. John Goldring, housebreaking. .6. Thomas William Plumb, Arthur Brown, and Joseph Worgan, wounding. 7, 8, 9, and 10. Charles M'Leod, forgery and ottering, four oharges. H.- Maigaret Callsghan, manslaughter. 12. William Fnmois Xavier Bailey, breach of the Marriage Act 19 Vio., No. 30. 13. William Moore, larceny. 14. Julia Tounghusband, per-, jury. 15. Mary Ann Renfer, perjury. , 16, Charles Frederick, Pike, indecent assault. 17. Thomas .Cnl bert, abuse of a girl under ten years of age. 18 Mary Meekan, att6mpting to set fire to a direUing-liouae.19. James Cook, attempt to oommit an unnatural off enof|. 20\. William Stewart, laroeny. 2L Mary Hockey, wounding with intent -to 4o grievous bodily harm. 22\. Thomas Walker, stealing -from the. person, .23. Ah Young, offence agaihstnature. 21 Miohael Mont gomery, rape. 26. Henry Wright, Henry King, David Owens, and Samuel M'Donald, oattle stealing aod reoeiving. 26. Maria Emerson, stealing from the per son 27. Andrew Fulton, assault 28. John Charles Bennett, assault, 29, John M'Kay. forgejy. 30 Margaret Malholland, attempt to commit suicide. 31 Susan Fisher, stealing from the person. 32. Elisabeth Redmonds, attempt to obtain mopeybyliJse pretences. 33 David Finning, slias Finoh, uttering a forgery. 3*. Oatherino Johnson, murder of her female infant 35. John .Kelly and John Lindsay, murder. 36 Peter M'Gregor, attempt to oommit siiiolde.. . 37. William ? Moore, torse-stealing. ? ? =- ? COBOHKB'S Ikqobst.— The City Coroner, Mr. Henry Shiell. held an inquest -On. Saturday morning, at 9 o'clock, on view of the bo^«f »t«etMJ»irfsnt.-^aTid Sohwegler, a dsirymas,-nsiding*t 634. Bourke- street, Suny Hilt said, I hhrt a*ard4n close to my residence, buton the otherside^ ffieitnet,^ Frito ; :in£, between Bend .yjgo.'tP that garden. Before I entered it I saw a piece of flannel like a garter, lyingiraMlde the fenoi. . i «b»P-»I down to pick it up, andin'dolng so l jsaw apattthlng; like an old shirt. 4roli^ Hp/ alongside it ,lt i* a paling fenoe, six feet ^l^gh, ,andi the palings are ( not «lo»e together. I ^weot iote the ktrdea to see Wiat the- bundle was. l .felt:it, fcnd; ionnd there was' something iB ft. I iifted one TOinWi and put my hand in and felt something round. ? I ^id: not see the contents, hnt,my'su«picions were aroused i I went to No, ; 3 ( p»)loe atati-Hi and^ave ^njor- , mation. , I then returned We. Shortly alter' senioMonsUhle .PoyU: jewnfc . T took him to tte gw den and pointed out 4he bundle to him. Iopeneditin, hispresenoe, and saw the dead body of a female infant. -, It^ mu ^jfiappedjipJn jt jiUow-case of tick,. Outside! was a niece pf caU()o stained, snth blood, ,asitls now.! It' was polled tip round the pillow-case fend fclnnert. ? The seni&r-consteble; took thelboSy Vat of «iejt»Tdeli. j The space between the palings was net mffioiently; large to ^llow «\ich j^larra btmdle tbijjugh uito the; garden. Senior-oonstable P,we tnen^ave evidence as, toopnvayUg ihe&& tetbedead-bouw aVyhe^epeyo-i lent Aiylum. 1)1 OBenwifi aaid, lu'.acooi^u^ jith! the direotion of the . ooroner^ I Jisdj , mortem i examination of 'the body on F«iday afternoon. I come to the following conolusioM'-T3ie_. «Uld _iwas newly-born, mature, breathed fully, blood had cireu-; lated, the birth had been conoealed,^that tMtaiIld, had not been pwjerly attended t«. . The cause or death' was congestion and mxaalon 01 oiooa on, wo oraia - ouit I cannot say whether fully' 'bora, or not. Ij believe the birth had occurred within, twenty-four, hours -of the time of finding. At tius etsge of tthe; investigation the inquest was adjourned tillJWadneads.y1 morning next, at 9 a.m. Chess Match by Electbio Tslsosath,— Nrw South Walks v. Victobia.— A meeting of the selec tion committee of the Chess Association of New South' Wales, was held in the ohess- room. School of Arts, on; Saturday afternoon, the Hev. J. Pendrill, one of thej vioe-presidenta of the association, in the chair. The, honorary secretary read a .letter reoeived .from tue. secretary of the Brisbane Chess Club, consenting to play the match with this colony on the 1st January; next. On the motion of Mr. R. Smith, seconded by Mr.i Gibbes, it was agreed to elect by ballot the seven j champions to reoresent this oolony in .the forthcoming match with the* colony of Victoria on the 9th instant. The following gentlemen were elected, viz. Messrs. W. Crane, junr., F. Gibbes. O. G. Heydon, J. M'Hae ; Rev. J. Pendrill, Messrs. T. J. Ryanand R. Smith. Emergency men ; Messrs. Russell, Wallach, and T. Lea It was agreed that the match committee should consist of Messrs. J. J. 81ade, T. liia, W. Ridtey. jnna,. J. M'tannan. and V. Brown. It will be their duly to carry out all the arrangements for, and to settle any; disputes that may occur Murine the match. R. K.: Hammond. Esq., has been appointed to act as «p«-; sentative for this oolony in Melbourne, and F. U.; Dangar, Esq., will perform the same duties in Sydney, for Victoria. We are requested by the committee to; correct a statement which appeared in an article pub-; lished in Sydney last week, as to the probability of the match being interrupted, owing to the refusal of cer tain players to take part in it, which, we are informed is quite without foundation. During the late chess: contest with South Australia our players were much annoyed at being constantly disturbed by the intrusion of visitors in their room. We are requested by the honorary secretary (Mr. V. Brown) to inform the pub l'r. that no person will bo allowed to enter the room oscupied by the players under any pretext whatever, EjoaSB akdCattbek or ah Avk, —Midway between Deniliqtdn and Kohuoa is aituated 'Redbank,' or, as -tt - ta now known, ' Mathours,' a property beloagihg to Mr. Henry Burton, %he well-Known cirous proprietor. It is a pretty spot, with a fine oouatry hotel, beautiful gardens and orchards, and . it generally attrwts the rattention and admiration of travellers as they pass by. .?lo the torrid summer moa^is, prevailing for a third -of '?the': year in 'Riverina, Redbank, Vith its fruit trees eovCTpd with -,4-lHims g-a^n, peaokej, plumbs, , aprlc(iita, ta., &e.t; is an oasis in the desert ; and here the' persons belonging ,to the elrcos troupe rastioate for montha, whUe releaaed from their wanderings-throiuh the, Australian colonies. Here are 'the .highly trained hone*, dogs, monkeys, &c.;, and antongst the latter is. a hi}ge 'anthropomorphous 'ape, with the nom de plume Of Major John Downie. The other day, just before the circus started oh its ?annual tour,-tne ape, vhieh was -chained -day and night in one of the unlocked outhouses, broke his chaiB and .got loose. Itia one of?' his duties' in the cirous to exhibit, in military custnme, feats on horsebaok, jumping throngh hoops, L tea., and', winding up with .seating himself in a chair in the centre of the circus, .where some wine in a wineglass is handed to. him, and he exhibits his taste lor^ it in a most beooming manner —he, in faot. like. certain human bipeds, will drink as 'much as he oan get. The ape, having broken loose, made his way to one of the bars of the hotel, and finding no one there, lie jnmped on the counter— helped Jiimself to two bottlta of some alcoholic drink— uncorked both, and was in the -ctof reaching down a . tumbler, when he upset some of the glasses, &c.;, wbich fell, down, and the noise attracted . the barman, who caught sight of the ape, which immediately jumped down and tried to escape. There was soon a hue and ory,' and all the household turned out to secure him, but on getting away from them he ran tip a high tree chattering defiance at his pursuers. One of the men ascended the tree after the ape, which went higher and higher as be wss n eared by his pursuer. It was lound impracti cable thus to seize the ape, his blood being up, and he had struok a blow for freedom. At length it was detnrmined to lassoo him, if possible, which, after a deal of trouble, was skilfully effeoted by one of tbe men ascending to a higher branch than the runaway, he soreeohed terribly as the rope was fastened around his heck. Still he wonld not let go his hold of the branch, but, upon the rope being severely tightened, the major surrendered at discretion, or the cirous would have heen deprived of one of its most attractive performers, that drew no salary, though, unlike Fal stoff, he bad 'not foresworn saok.' — Riverino Advertiser. 