AGAINST WIND AND TIDE. OY liOLit LEE., OtiArruit xxxnc. Conus had left behind at the cottage at Chel sea one little heart which was all compassion and tenderness for him. Lola walked about the garden when ho was gone, crying at the thought of his sufferings, until the pelting rain drove her indoors.' She then told her aunt 'what she had seen and what she sus pected, aid they consulted together as to how they could benefit him; arraoging, finally, that if he did not come again within a week or so, they would invite him to visit them, to recover his health in the pure country air. But Lola'e recollections and presentiments were to zi?.ch for her patience: she. could not get o?y ._.?er memory the ghastly pallor of his festur--i, or the eager expression of his eyes, which betrayed long and grievous priva tions; and the next m'orning she anoounced to her aunt that suspense was so intolerable, she meant to go into the town and call at Mrs. Mawson's to inquire after him. " But, my 'dear, consider how strange it would look for you to he going to a young man'S lodgitig," suggested her aunt. " If he were well and Auccesslul, I should not dream of going near him; but when he ie ill and inmiesry, it is another thing. You muatnot speak against it, tor my mind isset on going." . "It has been a drencbhig wet gight, and the streets willibe horriby muddy' ; but if you are determihed,.I shall accompany you, Lola_ for I'hope'Ikh'ow whait'propriety is," said her aunt; "~'''"'.' "Aed:kindneSi too;" added Lola, affiection ately' kissing heir' It was about the middle of the day' when the two Ia dies'kdooked at' Mrs, Mawaoa's'door and 'in'ade th'eir: inquiries after Mr: 'Cyrus Hawthorne. "0 l ladies, are you baa friends? Then \- am''gla'd y'on'ars come I "exolaimed the andlaidy,whbo 'was looking dreadfully fussed and trouble.:" "There he ,lies up-stairs raving and.bemoaning, and I.'hardily think he'll live. But the old gentleman that used to comp and'ses him is with him how, and i've got freea bit. to see alter the 'house; but os been at his bhodoide the whole night througb,.'and I declare it pities one to sea him." i" Loln 'turnad 'deadly whiite, and bhr aunt said, "dear, dear I site never thought thiigs would come to'such a pass "with· him as that.' Had she batter see him 7 " "He would pot, know you if you did, ma'am; for he has been out of hie.mind ever since he cais home last night between twelve, and one o'clock : 'ad the doctor Master Spropo brought stid he must be kept quiet. You see, imaam, my hubahOd togan to think he never would pay us, and there was fourteen weeks due; so he said I must make him give up his room, nod though it went sorp against the grain, I did. He stopped away a. few days; but last night in that pouring rain hs came to the door and says, 'Mrs. Mawson, you'll let momin ?' and it was such weather a Christian couldn't have shutout a dog. Besides, I thought if he should go, and do anything rash, I never should forgive myself. So I says, 'come in, sir; ~. and he went up to his own room holding ,by the bannisterse He seemed as weak as water; and when I followed him, he had sat:down in his wet clothes, and was shivering and shaking so he couldn't keep a limb of him still. So I told him he'd botter undress and get into bed, and I'd bring him up sometea; but when I went back, there ho was in the chair, crouched of a heap by the grate, where there wasn't a bit of fire: hut I.!kindled it; and old Jane, who wae here late~charing, got himinto bed, for there was niomore, help in him than a baby; and I kept her to bear me company watching him, for I didn't know' what might'happen; and this; morning my husband fetched Mas ter Sorope, and he's :undertaken to write' to his brother, for I hear he has a brother w~ell to-do.". ' . "Yes; he has friends :who would have helped him gladly." "Thon it is a pity but what they had known how he has been starving himself. Many's the time I've said to him,' 'Mr. Haswthorne, you'll ruin. your constitution living as you do.' .For weeks it is my belief he never had a thing between his hps but the poor bib of. breakfast hes got hero, which would not have fed a child;. and though he pretendedto.go out and dine at two.o'clock, often and often he dined none,.poor fellow." "0 O! aunt, how could he go on suffering eo and never tell us l" cried Lola, pitifully. " Whsn young men fall so low as he'd done, their pride makes 'em shy of telling their friends," said Mire. Mhawson. " Be sides,,they're always hoping that something iuc's )will turn up to right them, though it rai?: does. I've a gentleman in my drav ing-room who hasn't paid me a penny since Ohristmas;'but whoso own people are quite quality, as I can tell by the letters he gsto and sends away. But he is worse off, to my thinking, than many a poor follow who can earn .sixpence by holding a' gentleman's horse,' or by running on a message. 'I1horo'e othsr folks pined and hungry besides them that smand in'rags at the street corners and offer you'throe bundles of matohes for a penny.::All the :respeotable lodging-house keepers, could tell you that; and, for my part, Ianlmost pity genteel poor folks moat." " Whatc'an we do for him ? How can we help him,, aunt 7" asked Loin.. " We ,an only give M[rs. Ilawson money to supply his needs until his brother arrives. I wish we had him in our quiet little house to nunre and take care of. What a pity I did not see him that morning he came; I should have seen what was coming on, aund could have kept him." "Oau'he'not be moved 7" suggested Lola, eagerly. Mrs. Mawson shook her bend. " 0 no, miss. If he is to live, he'll live here, and if he is to die, moving him would oLly shaike the little breath ho has sooner out of his poor body. He was a fiue, hand some, spirited young gentleman once, I darosay; but I think it would take his mother, if she is living, to know him now." "I should like to see him; I have had' some experience of sickness; but' you stay where you are, Lola," said her kind aunt; and as'Mrse. Maeson could find nothing tea eonable to object to that, she led the way upstairs. Poor Cyrus was lying in a bsd hung with dark green stuff curtains, which halt filled the room, tossing and moaning in fvoer. His glazed, unconscious eyes, his blnokened lips, and burning akin, attested the £try of the disease that was consuming him. H'as tor Scrops was sitting by the bedside with a basin of vinegar and water, continually renewing the wet cloths on Cyrue's forehead, and responding soothingly to his delirious comjilaiats. The old man looked haggard and anxious, and, after slightly lifting his weary eyes to see who entered, he want on with his nursing office. "Is this poor Mr. Hawthornoe I should never have recognisod him. Lola might well be shocked l " said Aunt Manuel, in a low compassionate voice. "Mrs. Mawson, we must have the best advice for him at onues." "Wo have got it," interposed Master Strops; "MIr. Walland ia as good as any, and as hs has not much to do he can come whenever he is needed. I would trust him for skill and sara as soon as any of the groat carriage doctors." "I wish his brother ware here i " " He cannot srrive before to-marrow night, sad unless ha mends I am sorely afraid it wtll be all over ihbe. Of Cyrus, my poor hild, I wish I could die for thee! " aod poor old master Scraope' frame shook with the violence of his emotion. Loli was waiting at the foot of the stairs when her aunt came down orying " We can do him no good, dear child," said she; " he is quite delorious, and there are kind hands enough about him already." "Ahsl miss, I would not fear for him so much; youth can fight through a deal," said Mrs. Mawson. Lola's trembling lips formed somathing verylike a request to be allowed to see him; but her aunt shook her head decisively, and said "Oertainly not, Lola. B3esides the possi ble danger and impropriety of it, my dear, I am always of opinion that where women can be of no usa they are best away. Master Scrops is the most judicious nurse he can have at present." Lola understood that there was no appeal, and turned away grievously, while her aunt gave Mrs. Mawson some money for hebr patient's wants, and assured hler thatlhis brother waa not a person to let her suffer loss on his account. Mrs. Mawson was glad to hear it, probably as news to avert her husband's vexation against her for cumber-. ing the house with a sick lodger; and as she made no ardent protestations, but promised simply to do her best for him, and send a line by the evening's post, to tell his friends of his condition later in the day, they left the house convinced that he was, at least, in hands where he would not suffer by neglect. Lola's heart was very downsast and fear ful for him till night brought a note with intelligence that the fever seemed to have a little decreased--at any rate, that he was not worse-when she ventured to hope. "If he were to die, aunt, I should feel as if there were a want in the world nothing could ever make up," said she, mournfully:. "And yet, my dear, what is he to you? For tour months you have never.seen him until yesterday," replied her aunt. "I can't tell, only I feal as I say." "I think, my dear, you had best go to bed and forget him in a good sleep. You must not be romantic and fanciful." Aunt Manuel was full of practical kindness and charity, and she was never known to say a harsh word to any living thing, but she thought it a grievous pity when a girl gave her heart away unasked. She did not pos sess the sympathies that draw out young dreams and thoughts in confidence, so poor little Lola carried hers to her pillow and wept over them in secret. The following night, close upon twelve o'clock, Robert Hawthorne arrived in town and presented himself at Mrs. Maa'son's door. She raised her candle to scan his face and asked "Is it Mr. Hawthorne's brother.?" " Yes : " he did not dare ask:what news, but she immediately said- . " You'll find-him a shads better than ha was when Mastar Scropa wrote; the fever is lessuaed, and he is sensible at times, but very weak. I doubt myself whether he will ever again be quite tcs same man as ha was. Robert heaved a great sigho..f relief end thankfulness, and asked to be taken up to his brother's room at once. "Is that Robert '" said a faint voice, as the door opened, and then the brother's ayes met. Poor Cyrus was only the ghost of his for mar self; his fever-wvasted frame scarcely lifted the light bed-elothes with its heavinge; his pinched and pallid features had little of their former spiritual beauty; weakness had lined out the brilliant expression of intelli genae from his countenaice, ivhich was blank aud mask-like. Alas! alas! for this lost wreck of so much love and pride i hobert grasped his brother's hot hands in his, and stoo by him quite silent, while Cyrus looked up at him with a sickly smile, and tried in a tremulous voice to say how glad he was that he was come. Master Scropa, who had had no rest for eight-and- forty hours, looked scarcely lass wan than his pa tioet; he grested Ruobert in a very hollow voice, and then was thankful to yield him. sael to Mrs. Mavwson's urgent entreaties that he would allow himself to be comforted with a basin of hot tea dowuetairs, and than sent to bed, lest he, too, should fall ill on her hands. The poor old man was so worn out with sleepless anxiety that he only made a feint ot opposing Robert's claim to take that night's watching upon himsilf, who, not withstanding his long journey, was so strung up us to tfeel no senso of fatigue whatever. When the brothers were left alone toge ther they had a little low, broken converse tiln. COyrus was incapable of more than a few sentences at a time except wvln the rising .of :the fever gave him a fictitious strength; but he lay with his pale eyes turned to Rsobrt's lace, fixing them upon him, though there were moments when all recognition seemed to fade out of them. It appeared, indeed, us if the lamp of life ware dying down; us if the hours were swiftly passing when any care or any trimming could prolong its burning. At last, with a quivering sigh, they closed. Robort, for an instant, thought that all was over;-over the futile ambition, the tormenting vanity, the longing, the aching, the sinning of a human life ; and he fell upon his knees with a cry of, "O! my brother, my brother!" But thut voica of exceeding love and pity struck even now some remote echo of Cyrus's heart, for he looked at his brother again, and this time with full intelligence. "Do you remember the red rose that grew ia clusters* about the window of mother's room at homo?" murmured he, smiling feobly ; ,,I thought just now that I saw tIer standing under it, eahding her eyes from tile eun, on the look-out for us." Robert could not answer him for joy at first. "When you are well, we will go home and look at it," said he at length. "It was grown into a mighty bush, and had thrown its branches along the cornice of the house when I wans there with my dear little Lilian." Even while he was speaking Cyrus sank back into his semi-lethargic state, and so continued until the morning, when he awoke conscious. The day had many alterations; Mr. Welland was in twice, but no one could say from hour to hour whether Cyrus would live or die. Towards evening, rallying out of his stupor, he said to his brother "0 ! Robin, I wish it were all ended there is no more good in me !" Robert replied, "in God's own timo, Cyr; I pray you may live yet to do your work for your day and generation." Cyrus was silent for a few minutes and then said- "I cannot hope it, Robin. Do you know whether my father is in town ? " " I do not know, but let me send and ask at his.houte. Yes, Cyr, in any event, be reconciled with him," returned Robert, eagerly. His brother made no opposition; so Ro bert went down stairs, hastily wrote a note to Sir Philip Nugent, and begged Mrs. Msawson to send a messenger off with it im mediately, which she did. As he was returning upstairs Mrs. ]M-aw son handed him a nosegay of deliciously sweet-scented flowers, which she told him had been left at the door a few minutes be fore bsy that beautiful young lady who came with her aunt to inquire after Cyrus. Mrs. lawson communicated further that she wan elegantly dressed, and must have stopped on her way to some entertainment to leave them and ask how lie was. Her uncle aud aunt wore both with her. "And it was pretty to see how she smiled when I told her that he was himself to-day, and had his brother with him," added the landlady. Robert did not guess who it might be, but he carried the flowers up to Cyrus, who took them with a smile, and buried his face for a minute or two amidst their, cool and perfumed freshness. By-and-by he said to Robert- "That girl has more of my mother's heart than any woman I ever knew ; she is the faithfalest little soul, and the tenderest, and passionate and fervid as well." "Of whom do you speak-is it that poor child Laury, as you call her ?" "Laury! no, Laury's dead 1 0, Robin, Robin, if you knew all, you could not wish me to live. I bring sorrow on all who love me. 0! poor, poor Lauryl" His voice took a tone of shrill excitement, his eyes glittered, his hollow cheeks burnt with re viving fever. In vain Robert tried to calm him, to persuade him to silence. He would speak of this unhappy woman; he would expatiate on her pretty winning elsildish ways when he first knew her; he would re vert to days of idle pleasure in her company; and to that day when he had told her they must part, in a long loving letter, which sie brought to him soon after, and flung back to him saying it was all lies, and whatever became of her, wherever he might hear of her, he was to remember that he was to blame fiur her wickedness and misery. Then he spoke of coming through the heavy rain to the crowd on this water's edge, and recog nizing her in the scantily-clad drowned woman who had just been dragged from the river dead. a' And they will thrust her poor body into paauper'e grave-perhaps even without a prayer, though she needs one surely more than they who die quietly in their beds. 0 i Rbin, can you,. can you prevent it?" he asked, eagerly. "I'll try; Master Sorops shall go and see. Bat- they will read the service over her. Ohristian men would not hold her responsi ble for her act," replied Robert, laying a soothing hand upon his brother's forehead. "Then who is responsible? " asked Oyrus. "'That miserable question was un answered. Robert shook his head sorrow fully, and his brother turned his face away upon the pillow'for several minutes. "Have you no comfort for'me, Robin. You who are almost a saint?" said he, by and-by. "Don't say that, Cyrus. Repent and be lieve. 0! Cyr, give the faintest sign that you have put away those infidel errors that you relied on once. Tell me you have gone back to the simple faith we both had as children." "Nay, Robin, my faith is not simple." "rBut you believe in God ? " "! He has forced me to believe in Him." "'And in our merciful Saviour--in our C{hristian faith." It is all that makes life just or suffer able. Yes, Robin; in my misery:belief has come back to. me.; but no hope or comfort with it. But Leury, she had thoughtful little ways; nay, you would hardly think it -but once, when I was jesting at the bible in my cynical way, she, began to cry, and dropped on her knees, and begged me not. Iam glad I did not laugh her out of her grave fancies. But she said, 0, in such a' voice, 'but for you I might have been good and a comfort to my mother, Cyrus.' " Robert again tried to stem this outpour ing, which, instead of relieving his brother's mind, seemed only to grow with the uttor anoe; but Cyrus was not to be checked. Tise fever was burning in his veins as hotly as ever, and when he had talked to the verge of exhaustion, he gradually maundered away into delirious moans and complaints. Robert spoke to Master Scrope, and gays him money to seek out where Laury bhd been taken, and to bury her, that he might have that comfort for his brother when he again came to himself; and this duty done he waited auxiously the return of the mes senger who had carried his letter to 8ir Philip Nugent. A very different scene from the sick-room at Airs. Mawuon's was that in which Robert Hawthorne's missive found his father. It was a luxuriously furnished, wax-lighted drawing-room, fitted with every appliance of wealth and comfort--spacious, lofty, quiet, airy ; the nato 'al abode of the rich and litueral mFor a. wonder Sir Philip Nagent had dined at home with his wife, and they were now spending a quiet night by their ow~n fireside, with fair little Sylvie on the rug betseoen'ths'm plsiylng with ·' Brands 'gdod tempered dog. Lady Nugent was'ei'ting stately at work on some silkon toy or othor, and Sir Philip was scanning his evening paper with a double gold eye- glass hold up to assist him; for though still a fine, erect, and noble-looking person, he had begun to experience daily little failures, which re minded him unpleasantly that he was not so young as he had been. While they were thus silently occupied, the steattlty-pacod butler entered with a note upon a silver salver, and offering it to his master said the messenger was urgent, and waited his answer. Sir Philip took it up] absently, and finished his loading article before opening it, while the servant stood back respectfully near the door. lut as Ihis eye glanced rapidly along the few lines it contained, a frightful pallor overspread his face, and, catching at the table to steady himself, he rose, saying "·Phyllis, I must leave you this evening. Morris, call to the door the first hack-cab yen can find--quick." The servant disappeared. " Sir Philip, what has happened; what is agitating you ?" cried his wife approaching' him hurriedly. He handed her the note, and quitted the room without speaking. Lady Nugent's first glance comprehended the contents, and when he was gone els stood by the fire nervously beating on thle marble with her fine white hand. Was Oyrus indeed at the point to die? She must have been more or less than woman if she had endured no torture in the hours that fol lowed. The chsildren that had been born to her, and had died, had humanized her heart; she trembled, and was very faint. " Why are you crying, mamma?" asked little Sylvio, clasping her arms round her mother's waist, and looking up sweetly in her face. "For no one Sylvie knows, for no one Sylvie loves," replied Lady Nugont, kissing her; and then she rang, and sent the child away, unable to endure tIe innocent search ing of her peurs eyes. And until past midnight she sat alone by the fire, weeping and pressing her hand over her heart. Was there still an eoho of old pain there, or was it only prayer for her husband's unhappy son ? who knows ? 'Sir Philip flung himself into' the cab his servant had called, and with the messenger on the box by the driver they set elf. In less than haif an hour he was in Oyrus's confined room, grasping Robert Howthorno's hand across the prostrate and nnconscious form of Isis favourite son. M'r. Welland also was in the room holding the patient's wrist, and looking serious and anxious. Sir Philip recognised his office, and after trying three or four times ineffectually to form a sentence with his trembling lips, lie at last stammered out, "how was this attack brought on? What is his disease?" The doctor thus appealed to replied, "by necessity, sheer necessity, sir; lack of food, nothing else l For several months past this young man has not had sufficient food to support the life of a child or a delicate female. Look hero, sir; " and he uncovered the arms and breast of his patient, which were fieshless almost as those of an anatom ical cast. A shiver ran through Sir Philip's frame, but Robert reverently drew the sheet over his brother, and was grieved the doctor should have inflicted on the old man such useless pain. Yes, the old man. Nobod) would so have called Sir Philip Nugont even an hour before, but now his countenance, attitude, and gestures were those of a broken old man, very weak, very miserable, and very helpless. He made a struggling attempt at self-ex culpation. ""It was his own obstinacy that has brought him to this pass; we have dJno our utmost to move him from his determination to live apart from us. We sent Mr. Miles to him; Tom Nugeot tried to befriend him; my mother forwarded money to him which he returned. Even in his brother he has had no more conhidence than in others. He had only to say a word, and I would have given him half I possess rather than he should have come to want. He Iknew I never intended him to cut himself of' from me." There was no answer. Not in one case in a thousand, perhaps, do we intend or foresee the bitter results to others of our vindictive, rash, or careless acts, but we are not to be hold entirely guiltless for that. The little seed of evil, sown in a moment of passion, germinates, and buds, and blooms, nod hears its fruit, and we must harvest it whether we will or no. "IIs there--is there great danger? " Sir Philip asked, after a pause, laying one of his long white hands on his son's forehead. "There is always great danger in these cases," replied the doctor, in that honest yet kindly way which practice developes into the thorough trustworthiness of the family phy sician; "and it would be absurd to deny it in his. If he had not possessed a fine or ganisation, a most remarkably fine organi sation, he would have sunk sooner than this; and even should he recover, his constitution has been so undermined, that all his days he will experience the echo of the suffering he has gone through in many an irradicable weakness and torture." Mr. Welland had some of the impetuous ness of a young warm-hearted man. He had heard Master hcropo's version of the patient's history, and was, perhaps, not averse to punishing' Sir Philip a little thtrough Isis remorse. He had his desire, if such it wore, for Sir Philip sat down on the bedside, asking helplessly " What good am I here? What can I do for him ?" "I had hoped he would have known you," said Robert, kindly. Sir Philip bent over his sick son, and called him by his name endearingly. There was no answer. Poor Oyrus's wits were astray in some fever dream-laud, whence, for the present no voice could recall them. "Thee disease will have its own time, and its various alternatione," observed Mr. Welland, somewhat touched by Sir Philip's expression of misery; "but as he has held out against it so long, I am inclined to think he will master it if saved from agitation. The mind has reacted violently upon the body, and there is now groat pressure on the brain. I should almost advise your not meeting, sir, at present, even were he capa blo of recognising you." "You think it safer not?" said Sir Philip. " Yes I do." ' . i, , , .... ''Robert, what do yoe advriae ?" "Ties doctor's advice is best. Cyrus was sensible whon my messenger rvas deopatched, or I should not have sent him." " Ihou I will go homs. I--I do not fool well." He rose feebly, and Robert eamr round from the other side of tile bed, to give him the support of his arm downstairs. Just as they wore quitting tile room, Sir Philip's eye caught sight of a small desk, in which he remembered that hiis favourito son used' to keep his manuscripts. The Icey was in the oelt, and, stopping short, he rnid, eagerly, "lot me have some of his papers to read; let mso have somothing belonging to him." Probably the request rose from a recollection of how often, wvlen Cyrus was younger, lie hlad laughingly refused to read anything he had written until it was printed; he fancied it would please him now if he wore to do it. Robert did not see why a request so simple should hb refused, and the desk was brought down nod put into the cab for him to takro away. When he roached hdmo, Sir Philip did not seek his wife in the drawing-room, whore she still waited, but went into the gloomy library, and had lights brought to thim there. Confused and trembling, le eat down in a great chair with the desk upon the table before him. Lady Nugent had heard him return, and, after listening and waiting for some time, sie at length crept slowly down stairs, and knoeked at the door. There was no answer, so sheopened it gently and went in. Sir Philip was crouched down in his chair, with a wild glassy stare in his eyes, and a letter clutched in his hand. Phyllis looked at him nifrighted, as hle made a vain attempt to speak, and, bending near, she saw what he hlid discovered. Upon the desk lay some sheets of manuscript verse, a colourloss mees of dead evowers, tied round with a tress of yellow hair, and several pieces of written paper. The letter Sir Philip hold in his sand was that vhich Cyrus had called, in speaking to Robert of Pnyllis's faithlessness, " a poor little lying letter;" evidently he had read it. For a few minutes she stood trembling in every limb, and faint as death; seeing him in possession of liheso rslics, she thought Cyrus was dead. Sir Puilip was incapable of any articulate remarir, but she understood from the working of his face, that he wished to relieve tier from this dread, arnd as her sand dropped upon the table near him, lie laid one of his ovn upon it, adl she thought lie said1 " poor Phyllis l " as if lie pitied her. Pride anrd fear gave tier a certain resolution, and while her husband looked on unresist ingly, she gathered letters, papers, dead towers, all together, crushed them into the desek, and looked it. "Lst me help you upstairs," said she, humbly, whea this was doun--Jhe did not wish any of the servants to see him in his preosot condition, but when ihe tried to rise his could not. She was obliged to ring for Morris. Thi servant came in, and the moment he approached his master, he said, hurriedly "your ladyship, Sir Philip has had a stroke." It was true: the sudden shook of seeing htis dear son in such deplorable misery, and the discovery of his wife's letter together, had overpowered him. From this night, though he lived, he was never quite himself again; he was dependent hesueforward on the affectionate attendance of Phyllis, or the oars of servants, for every office rbout his person, and becashe a mumbling, crippled, prematurely broken old man. Robert H'awthorno anticipated a second visit from Sir Philip the next day, but about the hour he should have come, a letter was brought to him from Lldy Nugont, explain ing the reason of his absene. The deskc was sent back with it, and Cyrus never knew that it had beOn out of his possession, with its treacherous secrete, for an hour. When he woke up in the morning, the frst words he said, were, "Robin, was my attier here last night? I fancied once I saw him and heard him speak." "Yes, he was here. lBut Mr. Welland ad vises you to be very quiet, and not to meet again till you are stronger." Robert evaded any allusion to the intelli genco he had received, lost it should agitate his brother, but Cyrus took what he said with the indifference which frequently accom panies complete physical prostation. His pallid eyes roet wandering round the room, until they rested upon the flowers which Robert had put into a glass of water, and set upon the ohim'ey- piece, when they lightened a little: "Lola'e flowers," said he, softly. Robert brought them nearer to him, and while he was looking at them, he said, that the mournful idea might cease to work in ies mind, " Master Scrope discovered the place to which Laury was carried, and he procured a promise that she should be taken for interment to some cemetery out of town -he arranged all with the proper persons. The inquest was held yesterday, and the verdict was, of course, 'temporary in sanity.'" He spoire very quietly and kindly, and then, moving away, loft his brother for some time unobserved. Cyrus turned his face to the wall and was oilent for hours; but when-. ever Robert glanced towards him, he ahways eraw the same hopeless gloom in his eyes. About noon came Mr. \Velland, and ex pressed satisfaction in certain signs of im provement, which he immediately recognized in his patient. "Get over a couple more days and he will do; then re will begin to talk of removing him," said he, cheerfully, at which Mrs. Mawson, who had brought the doctor up, retreated whimpering. It was not easy to see whether Cyrus was cheored or the reverse by Mr. Welland's announcement. When he and Robert were again alone he said, drearily " The drama is to have another act then. I thought the dropi-scene would have fallen here." "Thank God that it has not," replied Robert, with aff'ecionate fervour, and then, to divert his brother's mind from the con templation of mournful sutrjects, he began to suggest to wlat llsce they should go first to give him the chance of recruiting. Cyrus suggested "home;" he always thought of Chinelyn as home; and Mlastor Scropo by and-by arriving, it was decided that that place should be their destination as soon as he was in travelling condition. Before Cyrus wes in a lit state to leave his room, Sir Philip Nugent and all his establishment had departed to Hadloy Royal, so that any chance of their mesting again was for the present put an end to. Tshe early; days of his convalescence were en livoaed by occasionl brief visits from Lola acnd h'lr aunt; uad hlis lirt removal was to Lile cottago at O'ilelsos, wicoro Robert and he sponit a wvook. Tao goetlo nursing and plea sant compancy had a wonderful olfnnct in die sipatiog thle gloom and oppression which continued to hovor over Oyrus's mind; buat he was hardly grateful enough for it. He didi not know how well Lola suited him; perhaps he never would know until he missed her affection. He used to call her his dear little friend and counsellor, and oven there was so much of the old leaven loft in him that ho watdhed for the little pettish, impationt signs, by which her ohild ish love would once betray itself, when he treated her thus coldly. But sho had won self-command now, and gave him baek smile.. for smile; and no one but himself sduld Ihave detected the little lip quivering which sash smiles strove to hide. Ho was very enacting of her company, and took a cruel delight in seeing to what extent he could carry his mastery. She submitted with cheerful humility; she even laughed at him, and told Robert that was always his selfish way and she had ceased to mind it;' but sometimes when she was alone she cried bit terly-bitterly. Perhaps you tlhinkt that a youug woman who loves more than she is loved deserves to sufofr. I vill not gainsay it, but only plead for L.la that her love for Oyrus Ihad grown with her growth and strengthened with her strength, until it was far too vital a part of her being to be up rooted by the crisp fingers of discretion, or pruned back into chill friendliness by the steady Itnifo of pcroprioty; so I commit her to thIe merciful judgment of those who have felt in their own breasts that nature is stronger than all the rules of heart and con vontionality; at the same time reminding fenimini pharisees wilo are conscious of being themselves pare of all weakness that, though it may be a grievous error in a woman to show too much tenderness of heart, it is a blackt sin, and the least pardon able of all, that she should have none to show. A very groat deal can be forgivehn' and ought to be forgiven, to those who love; . and this saying is not new. \Vheon yrus took his leave, he kissed Loab's hands, and said with a spark of his ancient mischiof " Don't forget me, Lola; I am not worth remembering, but I lilke to be remembered." lio knew quite well that she could not forget him if site would. She did not trust herself to saysnuch, but stood at tihe door in the sunny June morn ing watching the preparations for departure with a rather pale face and a fast-beating Icoart. He stayed beside her while the lug gage was being arranged, and Robert was getting into the cab, and once, looking long into her eyes, he said, "LI shall not fiad a pleasanter little friend than LTla anywhere. Give me some flowers-I always like your flowers." She gathered a few-rroses, myrtle, jessa-' min?e-and gave them into his hand, as ho"" took his place beside Robert. They neither of them spoke; the driver mounted to his. seat, the door was shut, and the cab moved..' Just then Cyrus showed his head at the win-' dow and cried out, "Lola l " but the horse' sprang forward under a smart lash,' and, whatever he wished to say to her, it was not of suffiiont importance for him to atop the'' cab and say it then. "You are scarcely kind to Lola," said' Robert, who had not boee altogether pleased' with what he had observed in his brother's ' conduct towards her. "I think yost some-' times casks her very unhappy." "I believe I do, and yet I cannot find 'iii my heart to wilsh that she loved me loss"', was the reply, and Oyrus put her flowers 'to his lips caressingly. If she could 'have hoard that selfish speech, and seen that little gesture, I think it might have' soothdn " tIce burning .pain which a night of tears could not quench. He had loft Lola very unhappy indeed, and her aunt' nimntally'," registered a vow thcbt he should never more ot her will be made welcome at Ohelesa. : ' "Lula is too good anfd boautiful tb'.Wihsts " her youth for a man who does not love her, · " and who is not worth her if he did' I'?" shall talk to alnuel about it, and we will' fiud some icue to marry her. Theris~inbri me .. than one inow, if I am not mistaken, wbho.', needs only a shade of oanoiragemeatt to adore her." . . .. ?,,t. So said in her heart thb praeiidcal a''t," "ant bat she kept her designs, to herself,"'iand" .. Lola kept her sorrows to herself. ' 1\. .· osarrei xx iv. ,l . d "/.'. '", ?" There is always more or less of dis.' pointment in revisiting .places 'where we have been young, happy, and hopefuli the:' place is not changed, but we who look upon it are. Oyrus and Robert came to Occinelyn in the sunniest season of the year, when everything was in its beauty; but Oyrus, after a couple of days in the fields and lanes, and by the shore, wearied of it. They wont on to Arbon, and Robert made his daily pilgrimage to the two graves in the little church- yard on the sea-sloping cliff; quiet graves, with the rose-bushes overgrowving the memorial stones, and the great elms shadowing them pleasantly. Resting there one evening, Oyrus and uobert re-opened more of their mutual lives each to the other than they had ever done since they ware boys together, living with their mother at the old Manor Farm; and from that time it became impossible that they could ever again be alienated or separated. Cyrus acknowledged, at lest, the utter vanity of struggling or rebelling against the fixed conditions of his life, and, though he might never conform to them as implicity as Robert had done, he would probably thenceforward let them influence tim less. " We may compare ourselves to people who, from their birth, have bsen afficted with a physical deformity ; blindness, deaf noes, or a crippled limb," said he, quietly; " we may envy the sane and sound, but we . can never be like them, though our hearts. were eaten out with mortification; it has • taken me nearly thirty years to make up my mind to it, but I see it now, and know that we never can be as other men are." " But we may in some measure make our selves independent of our birth-mark," re- . plied Robert. "I have done so; it is long:: now since I have regarded it with the feel ings you do even yet. Lilian lived and loved me in spite of it; I have had days as happy as a prince ; but I can say truly that, to my knowledge, it never had any influence. either on my actual joys or sorrows. If I had been heir to Hadley Royal, I could not. have had a greater treasure of happiness; that I had in my darling's affection in'the ull old house in Maiden Lana, and I could ot have suffered sorrow more acute if sh ad died and loft me riots and idle, instead f still willing to do my share of work while ny lasts." As Robert spoke, the evening sun slanted down a red ray upon Lilian's grave, tinting the white rbsos with a living blush. Cyrus, glancing at his brother, whose last words had' dropped to an almost inaudible' whisper, saw that his eyes wore full of tears. He was touched; hithorto he hlad thought that' there was no trouble like his own trouble, but now ho .saw that Robort hlid had 'his bitter draught-that le hlad suffered too-sufferod, perhaps, more deeply and more enduringly. "She was very good, your Lilian," eaidhbe. "She wan the most loving heart! I could have let'all the rest of the world go, if only I mlsght havey Iopt her," was the reply.' " It is•nornsonse to speak of loathinig lifo be7 caufe I lost her, for I hope never to loathe what God gives me to endure; but it was like'the withdrawal of the sunshine wlhen she di~d, and the world cannot ever againi be what it was to me with her in it." Cytrus was 'silent, and the.evening faded gradually into grey twilight. The wrind moaned over the sea, and the fog bsink rolled over from the west,' and blotted out' the distant view. "Shall we go to the inn ? this is chill.for you, Cyr," Robort proposed; and,' with?' ? low blossoms gathered from the 'graves, they left this' place. As they 'went up the 'lill; Cyrus began to speak of what' he should 'dd whorl he had rallied from his weakn6ss? " ': "There is hope in a lifo' yet'that liii' uncertainties and speculations," rp!lied Rohedrt; "but !ot it wvait; do not plan too soon. ' "No."erysanguino libip." "There ii' for ydu y wllat; 'haso leen ;and gone fir me?thio'begininig of lif6, iwith 'a' strong and f~ithful love." Rbbert 'allhded to L'ola;: but he did niot men'taon her name; Cyrus, however, undek toodohim, 'and became thouglitlul. "I don't deseivo her; and, besides, :'she is deceived in me; she fancies me'heroie, and'would be disenchanted if she knew the truth." "I am not sure of that, if Yiu lovsehlieri but if her own beauty aid 'swoetndss hdve not won uiipn you, my wdrds will not avil her."' f"wIda love her, but it is not thestame an thuaiuibo as Iliad t e ae." '' totelhaps bot; but never aespnair of life or h'tipp hiness whiloe thereis a young headr devoting its first frostiness to you. I advoise' you th take it, give in return your best, 'and grow strong again in its youthli. o f The brothers had repeated converstition's afuitipiadbe on the same theme, and it' ain becainy avident to' 'obert that COruns lisoe to thlt of hola bettre tohan any other sub. ject, though ie still doex arod himself free front all enth'usiasm of love for tier; still do elated that,' in fact, lie never hand lost lila head save for one woman in his life, and felt quitd incnapble of the same' delightful in saniholagain. Robert used to tlyiir some times that tie wanted to he c'ontradieted, and once be tried thle experiment; but Cyrus shoo 'i'lle'.head gravely ,sid replied, ~"it. wRould not 'he' rigtht in me to take her;· I should' disappoint tier miesrabtly. I harve not that to give which a fervdnt young thing like her expeots. She would fiency me duld and negligent, and I should foole er exact ing ;1 in which circumstances there, would not eong be harmony between us." " Then it would be wise and hlonourable in you to see her no more until she has h'ad time to forget you, or has given her heart elsewhere," replied Robert, 'with sage doole' ness. "That would grieve her terribly--nothing, would grieve her more than to think I wished her to forgot me; and I don't like to have the remembrance of her reproachful, snd eyes before my conscience. 'I kiowLotla better than you do, Robert." " No doubt of it, Cyr; and therefore to all your other sins do not add the wilful des truction of her happiness." .yrus' did not take the admonition at ail amiss-perhaps, at certain moments, it was exceedingly pleasant and soothing to believe that Lola's happiness was in his harnds, to believe that he still possessed an influence for others as formerly. He had, through recent e?ents, lost much of his confidence in himeslf, much of his vanity, ambition, and' eagerness of character; but h'e'had'nbt lost his craving desire to bolo~ved and appreci ated, and probably he never Wduld. The rougliest experiences only modify a disposi .tion;>they can no more change 'it thtan climate cats change the colour 'of the skin from'whiteto black ; a warmd':bronzlng of sun &nd;' weathdr is jill' the transformation nature cliootos'to undergo, 'either physically, or m6taillyp ,afd 'wiil sudh' slight variety ycruB Inattldjiona'ft?'r lila troiblius"yonai's was hcht'hd&i;'?si'at 'heiait ci the 'boy wlo' darotissdd?d'ads'nbof iisposible 'honhur iand glory ?titoseslshiri at Chiholni; s'aoild was' so exacting odf his iotltio''s" iffnctioii':' " At? 'ift cimitg liotie :COyx'ii ?lil iidi~ii fested>'tblo' disinclinafiti 't6o'refium hi'ii -" quatitancb wijli th'e Ford, 'bbt nRberit'was?, so ur~bntt with him' thlnt' he cdiqfi'dd lhis' half-sihnaed rejiugnince' id alsi?? h'dfori' these'old friends in his'fallen? iiputitinri'hnd one -tdroing'the tio. brothers called'at'tlt6 parsotige. ' . Msrisi Foid,swesit sonl, almost wept at' the sighlt'~6f y'prus" and after Iherl 'usband had: talked to bunt it little while, shie got him : ii the gi~dti&bt; himself, atud ikeping one 'if his httidi' clitiped'in hers;b'egan to' ak him ifhisjoini'd was freed 'yet frohn the not of error inJ'which so short tatime ago it had been invblvod. "'Cyrus' was inclined to smile at her suddenness and urgency, but she looked at. himn with sdch lovbly eyes, and spoke with' subh real' erneestess, that' ho tried to answer' her as sl?e would'ha?e hi/m; perhaps':rjther surprised thht he dcoild'spsak to a woman on such ? subject att ll.. "I' tinm'ao glad,' so glad," replied she,' with 'trenibling smile; "so glad"to:'lhar you say":your struggle goes' on-tliero would beono strugglo'were not God in your heart still; andHe isthere, though a rebel lious "intellect prompts you .to dishelief. Cyrus;' hen I lier'awako at night, and thtink of those': I love, and you nmnhgst them, sometimes I feel as if my heart wore burst ing, hut' when I remember your mother's life--when I remember hor she watched for you and taught you--I have felt sure, sure, that God would bring you back, .and He is doing'so now; her prayers could not be all lost, or lost for ever. WVhen you are weak aud temphed, recall her memory, Oyrus- rocall her pain and patience; they should have a holy power over you." Oyrus loft herrather aeddened. Ho know of old that tlhia good woman, who had stood for years, as it wore, on tile brink of th.e grave, lied but one absorbing thought and hope. Already sae appeared to live more in heaven tlian on earth, for lier mind was there mitch oftener than here. Nothing, perliapa, tends to produce this spirituality in religion like the daily proximity to death-; so thoroughly did it pervade her being that no one could be with her many minutes without feeling it. And yet so, little .formel and obtrusive was it that it never ofeonded any, or what is commoner excited a.aingle, breath of ridicule or ea'rcsrn. Poopilo whose minds were the least oeaily nmovedto exalted sentimeots alwavs conceived a won' doring i;evdroiico'for, lier, aala left lir. pro aence witll eomotliiing of tho.e uduod fdeling they would carry Away jwhen thelydoy' been treading on hloly, ground. ...,.. Robort lad been absent from Walton Minster now for nearly a montli's space, and r.r Reuben Otley had twice written to know when he proposed to return; Oyrii was not dispoesd to journey into the north, and an he iwas.now well enough to bohleft, the brotlhers agreed to separate fo~r a short time. The Fordsn?,ere going into 1Brittany for an ,uthmiral,holiday, and it was suggested tlhat .Oyiac miglht accompany thomi if he were co incioeed, and thought the ehatnge would ho bleufioial. Roboirt icarcely anticipated.thabt liisnbiotlbr, ould accept the offer, but he. did, and rather thankfully; his mind wan .toomubrh sliaken and weaklened to be able to apply.itself, and hoeshrank from unoccu-: pied solitude. There had I,eeo news from Hed~leyRoyal that Sir Philip. Nugent was no ivorno, and the fanlily solicitor had bean ordered to.communicate with Cyrus as to wbtli he meaht'to do, and to notify that the fuI[? allowance hin father had made him for. .me~-lynbely ?,aited his acceptance; but there was no hint of personal reconciliation, .though Oyrus in his subdued frame of mind and, body would not have been averse to it. Robert would have bean glad that it should take place, but. he did not urge it; and perliaps both thought it might be hess diffi cult and formal if deferred until Cyrus came down to'visit Robert at Walton Minster after his return from Brittany in August. O.yrus's last act before leaving England was to write Lola a long detailed account *of hlis proceedings since he left the cottage; it .wans acurioie letter, contradictory .and .un certain as his own behaviour,.but she liked toreceive it, though elm would not answer it. H He was a little piqued, and wrote again, butjagain without eliciting any reply. He did not understand this silence, and it fretted. him more than he could possibly have antir. cipated. :Whit.did it mean? Was he ill, offehded, or.what? He tried a third time, and represented himself as dull, ubehplty,. dispirited, because sae forgot him.. Wan that, he asked pathetically, like the faitlf.ul little friend she hlad always promised to be ? Upon which Mistrees Loli wrote hank, "Dear Cyrus, you were busy and cheerful, and needed no consolation when you wrote before; so I thought it useless to waste time in answering you, especially now that Uncle Manuel, is ill, and waits more attendance tlia~ my aunt can give him. When you are in trouble again, you can claim me, but T Icnow I do not nuit you for a friend in sun shiny weather; you have others whom you love much better, and I do not wish to take your thoughts from them, but you wereoa whole fortnight after you left London before you wrote a line to us--I do not count Itobert'n letters-- you were our friend." . "Jealous little poul,"'.eaid .Cyrue,.,when h h-ad re'ad this; "thn loeen her humility andltenderness when shie takes pen in hand -she would never have said that to my face.' , In the course of the day lie indited another epistle to her, reproachful, rallying, but nuore affeotionate--almost lover-like,.indeed; and after he had done it, he experienced no recrets, but rather an'exaltation of spirit.. He hoped Lola would anewer that, but she: did not.: She cried over it, and felt. indig nant; he was ungenerous to play with hers feelings, 'she said, and she would neither write to. him nor see hii any more. Sheolave herself up to nursing Uncle Manuel, 'who was very cross and impa-. tient in his sickness, and tried to 'put Cyrus out of all her thoughts--an effort. that hourly defeated itself. While she was tlhus occupied, Mrs. Ferd, sweet soul, was busy with her hopes of converting him, and happy in her good work. . She found him sometimes very impressible, and sometimes very absent; at the .latter times .he was thinking of a dusk loving pail of eyes that were far away, and wondering if they were sad or indifferent in til absence, and how they would greet him when they should meet again. . Tlis consideration was begin ning to take a very vital form and sub stance in his mind; even, at last,'he grew to.thinking, of Loin almost as much as ste thoight of-.him,n and' yet, with an unintel ligible perversityof temper, he kept saying "to hiaiself,'rI am nut inh n lovn e owith her; but I daresay this is because I could never be in love?witlh any woman' again." °'When:·the Fords' holiday was expired, 'aid the charms of Brittany' were exhausted, they, returned home to Olhinelyn, and Oyrus 'woet up to London, much Imore eager to dise 'cover the initerpretation of' Lola's parti.' nacious silence tlitn was at all reconcilable 'with the avoweI state of his sentiments towards hier. ? .'The 'evening 'of Isis arrival his' impatience tors hin off' to Chelsea through'sultry: August dust and sunshine, and coming to tile familiar gate just about tea-time, tie hoard Lula making music in the pretty little drawing-room, the winidow of which was thrown open to admit the air. Stay-was it Lbla? He stood still and listened- yes, that was. Lola's touch on the piano, but who was nccompaniying her on the violin? "'..The violin was not Uncle Manuel's instrument. Very fine playiog it was-exquisite'-mnasterly-but still it need not have produced quite so much emotion in ahe listener's mind. Cyrus waited until the piece came to an end, and Uncle Manuel's gruff voice cried "bravol" at which there was a thrilling little Iteal of laughter accompanied by a bass chuckle- the clhucltle of the violinist, Cyrus was assured. He advanced and ktnocked at the door, bringing Sarah to it in a bustle; and as she lot him in he saw Lola half-way down the stairs with her pretty prying face looking over the balusters to see what visitor was coming in such a fume. She laughed and cried out "I thought it could be nobody but you I" and then met him and- brought him into theI Iratwing-room. Thut wse the only welcome he was likely to gOt. Uncle' and Aunt Manuel received hliiit with saolemn frigidity, and when he scowled round the room in soterch of. the violinist, that individual stared book Wvitlh imperturbable German visage, and tenderly put his beloved instrument into its case noa locked it up; a proceeding which L.ola in terruptod with cousinly familiarity. "Nay, Fritz, don't put the violin away;, after we have had tea, you must let Oyrus hear yo'h play." Oyrus mads no eager response; he felt very little at his ease, for U'ncle and Aunt Manuel, in inquiring after his health and his tour in.Brittany, tooni pains to show'that t~i.iritdrass' was' of the coolest kind, and oven Loln, after the firstimpulse of pleaeuro? biocamo quiet and siniply 'ottteoltical in her 'bcnvorsution, thoulgh she looked rather sorry and unhappy. lewans half in a mind to go away before tea, for lei-e there was no chance of reproaching Lola for negligence and forgethulness of him. or aunt might lIave told him that he hld no claim on lar theoghts andl had nlready received far.mors siftrocion thin was his doeo. Violinist:Frihz' cat 'glowerineg at him with large pleo bins eyes until"Sa'rah cim?A to nay' tol wivs ready :in' tlhe''ala'nb, ,wliia'lie"took hln'ty' paoSeanioi 'of L'ela'a arm, and lft Aunt Manuel s'O~rii-?--.. disptesittii that enraged hiun:. j. ?Consider"nig 'thsit:h'd''ws no:o.t' a.lliin love with L:la, tih''ociht+dm~pi aind:: "animosity he ooiineived for 'Frjic'wera rawarkihble.', 'fie healsl was"?s e?asilyjiqisd"in "h' uf~id'a?e an4mh .sneally' ae in a wanrmer: passioni. +'., iat rillit.hied Loin toi hbae ey?i,,?ai'?+,.?nT.cOg nga for nay eons aels0 w+hin h&', was theav ?. Lahn? erlriently dii' not tale hh vi?,ew;of th'oE:claitn'., of. frieondshipsi'she sp'i6ke qtrit'tly to'hi'm,'bui she was lively: and pleanauty with.;Fr'itz ant easier and freer -gyea, seatier and. freesrtlhar she had'evyr .boeen with him.., She ws'like all women, he saiidl to.. hiipsslf-.lighc:and fickle as the wind. After tea she did not .reetuntil .Fritr aon sacted to playsa solo on his, farotuos violin,, to. which she listened. with .silent dnlight. .:.In daeid, it was fins. to see rhe stolid, German fiice'liglht up with enthusiasm, nnd.to.see how the enusician triumphed, asic..wore, ,over hi. instrument; but Cyrus failed to api\reciate his genius, and as the last strain quivered into. silence he get up from, his seat, and iwithout a syllable of, compliment declared. hat li'he m'uot go.. Loain loked .a little startled sy! his nbriptniess,, and .he. thought' hei'would. puinish her for daring to like any one hut him s illF' so whea- he shook,, heads. with' Aunt Matnual, lie said, in a careless distinct voice- "dI mast say geoi-niRght and good~by; I go ilto the north, to-morrow, and: my return is clqits uncar,nin ; it isneven poassible that I may remain there ahlogthet.r Aunt Ianni','i·, did. not .exactly i~wishltliim bon voyarge, but sies loeked· it, andeso/did Ulils Mainuel. 'Violiciat.Fritz etardd.a'thim' as a curiosity 'fLtemperionly; to.b ha-found: amongst the i-la?ders' who paid sunb magnifil cent sums for their 'ms-ia,: nnd.loloi. gas him, a tramb'ing haid,' and' looked up in ,hie'fae? with grieved. qiissrioning: eyes;-: Ste. rm'a'l a movement to accompany him to tie gate as usual, but he puti h'tr 'lick, and said, like an indtfferent 'iitor-- ':': ' +'. ' .':Priy 'do not take 'the trouble: to come downs'tairs.for mo,"and to hi's : etreles y·eas tine o .'she,. quietly said,' "' good-by," ari:td obeyed."' They haddnever 'parted so coldly ,efoi'e . ' .' : .. i ,"c .t.r'' ' . " 