. /' , ? ♦— i — r-. ? . ? , The actor who o'ssays to play Hamlet in Melbourne ia a bold man and a daring. It has| been given herb so often, and performed bo well, that it needs first- class talent to make it bven palatable, to say nothing about enjoyable. Mr. Howe,' an actor whose reputation has not preceded him, and who has not been heralded by the nauseous puf fery of ill-advised writer*, essayed the task of giving us a Hamlet which in many re spects may bo described as original. Hitherto.' it has been considered essential that to, be successful in Hamlet an actor should have a presentable .appearance, an intimate and accurate, knowledge of the toxt, and that he should adhere to certain .fixed rules which govern theperformance of the character in. its jO'very aspect. ' It is not to bo said that Mr. , Howe fulfillod any of these conditions. He is below the medium height,' has a face which is too small to be expressive, and which ho robs of all its charm by crowning it with; a ridicu lous wig, more fitting to burlesque than tragody ; and for all that I like his Hamlet amazingly. Crammed full of faults, of im perfect detail, and manifestly crude in its conception and evolvement, it is neverthe less a Hamlet which .will hold you chained, to your seat to the fall of the curtain, ; and that is saying a great deal of any Hamlet, as most of my (readers will know. Follow ing in the Fechterian wake more closely than Mr., , Montgomery, Mr. Howe dresses Hamlet in a kind of ornamental monk's gown, which descends nearly to the feet,' and completely hides tho symmetry of the figure, which, by,, the way, as afterwards seen in the fencing bout with iLaertes, is really symmetrical. The first scene is played with much tameness, and it is not till Hamlet meot3 the Ghost that wehftvo an example of tho latsntpower . with which' the actor is imbued. His start, half of horror, wholly of dread, is one of the fifiest things I have aeen on a Melbdurne stage since Charles . Kean left it. : His ad juration wanta the trae .ring, but ; in the. Hucceeding struggle with Horatio and Mar cellus, the language seems to come' to him as by the inspiration of a will superior to his own. In, his exit after the Ghost, he adopts Macready's business of - keeping, his friends away from him 'by means of hisBword— a proper and very commendable effect. Like Htirr Bandmann he . uses the lime light in tho succeeding scone, and, without postur ing, makes it really thrilliugly interesting. Hd does not, like Brooke, in speaking to his friends make a distinction as between. Horatio and Maroellus in the lines :-r . '' '.' For your d(B|ro to koo.w what 1b between us, O'brmastor it as you may.' Brooke,' it will bo remembered, before speak-11 ing this to-'Marcellus,-. drew Horatio apart,' and apparently gave him a brief outline, of ( the story ho had ju4t heard. Succeeding events would seem to justify this reading, and it has often appeared to me as matter of wonder that no actor has thought it ad via-,, ablojtio follow in Mr. Brooke's steps. Mr. Howe is,' like Mr. Montgomery, singularly ineffective intho second act.: ' He fails,1 as it seems to me, to: grasp the spirit of the ooHo-.' quial portionn of hia part. ; His retorts -toj Poloniuswant, the point one is wont to see* givori to th,em, and lie fails altogether to give an- idea of the' poignant anguish' ? Which ? fills Hamlet's soul .when he talks of walking, oujb of , the . air into hia grave— or when he says there is nothing he will more willingly Eiaf t' with:than his 'life. With regard to the agt point, it seems 'to me, indeed, that few actors uuderstaud its meaning fully, i . Ham let at first startios himself by his utterance,, but afterwards as the dread misery; of' the; position in which he is placed recurs to himj he repeats the words as by the, effort :of a, will he cannot, command. Thero was much dramatio force, and no rant, howe'verj in the Boliloquy' commencing, 'Oh1 -what a rogue and peasant slave am I-'' Mr. iHow.e commenoes the third act with a startling in novation. :Eo Bpeako th9 well luiown ' To bo or not tbbe,' with a hugo butcher's knife in his hand, which he alternately; caresses1 and spurns. Surely this ia not necessary. Hamlet wears a sword, and if ho seeks his own life, his first impluse would be like the Roman hero to fall on it, ' and so die. Mr. Sullivan, it will be remembered, held this view, for he spoke the Boliloquy. always with his, hand placed expressively on his sword. By the way, before going further,' will Mr.' Howe tell me why in the preceding scene he says ' Like a good kissing carrion 'C It seems to mo that he, must have Bome reason for it, as he is too intelligent to make so flagrant an or ror. Still I havo gone to the oldest ' editions ' : ' of Shakspeare I can find, and there : is ; no. warranty to. be found for the , alteration. The scene w|th Ophelia was splendidly given, indeed the best in the play. Here it is that Mrv Howe outshines anyiactor I over saw. . He : leaves no doubj; of his love for Ophelia, none of his loathing of her deceit; and then he yiyidiy arid 'dramatically sets. at rest for ever tho - question about ' Hamlet's ?. madnoss— showing plainly that the antio disposition he puts on is merely the assumption of the minute for the attainment of a purpose he has in view, but which Fate prevents him from attaining.! .. The instructions to the players were spoken with a scholarlike diction, for which, in some portions of. , the play, one would hardly be inclined t6 give Mr. Howe crjedit. The following Bpeech to 'Horatio, perhaps the most diffipult in tho tragedy, and one, strange ,td say, of ?yyhioh the audience seem to think nothing, was spoken with a touching and discriminating empha sis. ' In the play-scone Mr. Howe waits the denouement he 'has ' arranged without 'aiiy physical manifefltatibns whatsoever. His face is the index of what is passingdn his mind/i but the body is almost - corpse-like in, its lirnpneas. Ho spriugs on the King at, laBt with the howl of a famiBhe'd; tiger, arid tears front' his shoulder tho ' tnaritl'e' of' royalty, which he waves defiantly round' his, head ad the King shudderingly re treats. This is a . now reading ; to : us; and it seems to. me one of the best II have seen, as giving point to CJlaudius' after- iridigriation! at Hamjet'a ! oottduqV arid hia' resblve at ;bnce';to'despatch hini;' 'MK; Howe baa not had fair play in tiie.Qlosat ] j ? J' ''« ' ' )':?';; ;....? ?//ji-.'sj.:- ,' scene, the lady who has -been cast for, the I Quden not being equal to the part, but rievertholes.8 he has not failed to give it its due prominence. One word as to MisB Juno, : of whom I have Jfcho highest opinion in her {(roper place, and that ; certainly is not in eading parts. However, this is merely another instance of the parsimony of mono poly, which iu tho end must defeat itself; Mr.. Howe's acting in the last two acts is sus tained , and dignified, and.heis really, effec tive in the fencing scene, the dress he' wears suiting his figure admirably. He can fetlce. MrJ Howo is in the eyes of the critics! guilty o£ an unpardonable sin, in that' in his death, he turns his back on the audience. It, is forgotten that 'by so doing he adds im mensely to the effectivenesB of' theniise en scene, which is commendable in the. highest degree. Taken altogether, it was . : next to i impossible to help being ' pleased' with Mr.' Howe's Hamlet. ' Some not mean judges have : gone so far as to say that it is;tho best we have had jin the colony, but of that I havo my doubts. There is a rough inelegance about portions 'of it which is not pleasirig, but Which porhaps1 harmonises with '/a conception which is- somewhat; novel in its ; character. ;Miss. Edouiu may be complimented on hnr Ophelia. She is commencing,_and will rise yet, with perseverance, to the top of the tree. The rest of the cast was familiar — too familiar, indeed. : ?...'./?. ,..;..,?? Tho mail brings us the news of. the death of Paul Bedford. Many of blir readers will glance'at'this short sketch from Men offthe Time,: , with interest :— 'Paul Bedford, comedian, born at Bath in 1798, made his first appearance in London at Driiry-lane Theatre, 2nd November, 1824' i as Hawthorn in the; opera of Love in a Village, having been for Bomo years a favorite on the JBath and Dublin stages. For many seasons Mr! Bedford confined' himself to operas, arid during the performance of an English ver sion of Donizetti's Don Pasquale, at the Princess'a Theatre^ he obtained considerable distinction by his performance of Lablache'a great part. Of late years, however, Mr. Bedford' ;has appeared only . in the melo-' dramas and : broad f arcea for which ; the Adelphi Theatre has long been famous. In conjunction with the late Mr. Wright; and' more recently with' Mr. Toole, he has con tributed greatly to itho success of almoat' every piece produced on the Adelphi, stage, having been a member of the company 'at; that theatre for nearly a quarter of a cen tury. In 1864 Mr. Bedford published a volume of, autobiographical and theatrical anecdote, entitled. Eecollections and Wan derings.' : ? AUTOLYCUS. ;1 THIRD 'EMTipK ' : ThkLbAdbb Office,' Saturday Morning. 