IE NOVELIST. ^TsHE never MARRIED ^PBl CHARLEY (FROM the OVERLAND MONTHLY.) i'Would yon like to hear why l never I carried Charley . . _ . . r »0f all things !" we cried. I suppose you " we aU thought at one time you were .'andI thought so{ too. He had, in , l asked me to be his wife, and I had said, < Twill tell yon, Charley, whether it is Yes, or t/o when I meet you at sineing-school. next £«k .' but, in my own mind, I was already .Solved that it should be ' Yes.'" Mrs Gilbraithe paused for a moment at this Jtofc; and, having rapidly wound and un !Eonni the yarn of her knitting-ball, said Thrnptly: "I didn't go to the singing-school +hat nigh*- and I never saw Charley alone, after he asked me to marry him." "Howstrange!" we all exclaimed; " what .conld have happened?" "Thisi9 what happened," said Mrs. Gil tbraithe-"butit is rather a long story, and withal, has a ghost in it." There was a general cry of "No matter: ifell it, anyhow !" and Mrs. Gilbraithe wound up her yarn, once for all, stuck the knitting needles through the ball energetically, and began as follows We were farming folks,as you all know, and ^ed to helping our father out of doors, ve girls (that is upon a pinch), as well as our mother, in-doors; and it is now more than ?20 years since, at the close of a rough March .day, my sister Rose and I were left alone In the woods to tend the sugar-kettles, Usedto the fields and the woodlands from childhood, in sonnd health, and with couraee and spirit enough to furnish forth half-a-dozen of your modern young ladies, we were not in the least afraid. It was not, therefore, fear, nor the shadow .of fear, that made us call out: "Don't be away long, father," as, standing up in the old ?wood-sled, he drove his two smart greys up the till that rose abruptly above our sugar-camp, thence along the freezing ridge, towards the snnset, and out of sight So far from the experience of fear were we, that we even felt a good deal of exhilaration, at first, in being thus isolated from the village and the tumult of the big road-the shadows being glorified by tbe shining of the ied clouds over the sunset hills, and the soli tude sweetened by the twitter and stir of the iirds among the branches, the low of the home-going cattle, and all the cheerful hum and clatter from tbe homesteads round about. Everything fused into a dreamy atmosphere of poetry, and our imaginations were just suf ficiently quickened to set our thoughts flying is that trilling honey-bee fashion that ex tracts no poison even from poisonous things, hat sucks up delight from elL Besides, we bad no expectation of being left thus alone very long-may be, the night would hardly have settled down before father would come, bringing our shawls, our luncheon, and great news, perhaps, intouiebargain, for young folks are always expecting great news. The cows were to be milked, tbe greys were to be cared for, the sheep to be foddered-then, there was wood to be cut and split for the morning, with some other light chores of a household sort, and then the supper to be eaten-and that was alL Why, all of it would not take an hour J We almost wished father might be detained in some way agreeable to himself, so that we might not only have time to execute the tasks set for us, but also work jut some special achievements on our own re sponsibility. At any Tate, we would make thetbostof the timewe hod, and set to work with tight good-will, crowding the furnace under th6 great black Iron kettles with dry stacks and stripB of hickory bark, till the long white flames and' the red sparkles, forcing their way through the rude chimney wd every cranny and crevice of die arch, ran in a glittering stream toward the tree-tops, uidmade all the sheltered valley shine again. For a while the merry ^nd efiger voices mad# to pause; the hands were pusy, and the learts were yonng; and bo the shadows :rept from hill ode to hillock, reached from iranch to branch, and wore a net-work of larkness through the woods before we were iwaie; but, by tod bf, the sticks were ex wasted, the flames tell lower ana lower, tanging their red sparkles to a bloish vhite, licking the black sides of the kettles md the grey bed of the ashes, and ever and inon quite swallowed up by the clouds ol team that rose from the boiling sap. The talk became, less merry, and a nomenfs silence now and then intervened, f it happened that a bat came out of his Louse in the old stub by the brook- side, and ailed with slow and tiabbywing about oar >eads; or if some owl fttartlsd all he echoes with his Solemn cry. The aughter was a little forced, and the cheer ulness forced too, as we began saying to one mother, ' Father will come soon 1" and, What is there to be afraid of!" Why, lothmg.tobe Bon; we were not afraid in the east! ^Had Wefjwne|Bmted_ a search of nnts, mosses, aiid >stianj(e towers! and had' we ever enoountered any buig more forsoidable than some htmter, ritfc doge ani nat, or a'fetray cow or colt 15&P8; p?rtafnly not; fend we weae not Jraid-not in tbeuast 1 A few feet from the fnrnaoe where the I®,T®8 wfc and facing it, stood a small, ough shed, called the camp-house, which J1® «)jwr and rain, and -0? when we landed the ®eof nighta This hut was com posed mainly a clap-boards-the remains of a ®*We-down house_ on the Ml-aide, just M°Mtbeibro?fc, and known tons and to die tSiSSsf^ VThatchei's Cabin"-but to n^oame roaud, with "JLJ* pidTqailts, ahd ooveriets ff t from tihfl hnmtiifMil ml ^ *t tblU Hints & 'i w?^ad seen for ourselves |>arfc of a China bowl, that had .been dog up by some work* men who were quarrying stones in the neigh bourhood of the cabin, and we knew, indefi nitely, that some horrid suspicions of poison* ing were connected with this bowL As the bright flatries fell, our spirits fell, too; and after a time we gave np all pretence of gaiety, and seated within the camp-housq, remained, sometimes for minutes together, quite still. Once or twice Rose tried to rally me by asking whether I was not thinking of Charley, when the silence on my part was longer than usual; bat the suggestion failed of its usual effect, and I became, at last, strangely oppressed, as with the premonition of some dreadful thing. Thenight had become cloudy as it deepened, and the wind now and then made rough sallies among the dead drifts of leaves, pro phetic of rain: bat the weather still hesitated between freezing and thawing, and it would have been hard to guess whether, snow or rain were the likelier to fall. As yet the freezing went slowly on, and .though the sap dropped still from the sugar- trees, it formed long icicles as it dropped ; while in the brook-or ran, as we called it-that wound along more open ground, the ice was melting and breaking np, and startling us with a Bharp, twinkling sound, now and then, though we knew very well what it was &U; the while. Patches of ragged and crusted snow lay here and there at the foot of some great tree; and here and there among the sheltering roots of some southern exposure, knots of violets and other early wildings nestled among the dead leaves. Everything seemed uncertain that night; sometimes the moon broke through the clouds and shone out in full splendour, and then the clouds as suddenly closed over her, and all was thick darkness again; and the uncer tainty helped to produce a watchfulness that was in itself akin to fear. But in spite of the haunting shadow that oppressed me, I knew that I was thinking more or less about Charley Stan field all the time, and. in my imagi- i nation, I pictured what would be his anguish, i supposing I should fall to keep my promise , and stay away from the singing-school, never suspecting that my picture was all painted ] with the colours of truth. I dwelt, however, a good deal upon the bright side of things, 1 and again and again the narrow walls of our | little hut widened out into a beautiful chamber, and the daU coverlet at the en trance shone in my eyes like some royal cur tain, finely dyed. u Tl, In my girlish foolishness, paruy, I had said "No" when Rose asked me if 1 was not taking of Charley; and partly, perhaps, that something-I know not what- kept me from caring to talk of htm. " What if he should not be there! what if I never should see him I" These unwelcome thoughts kept striking me like sudden stabs. Two or three times, as we sat thus together. Rose had asked me, " What wasi that?" and I had answered aa often. "Only the wind." But at last she arose, and stepping outside the camp-house, stood in a listening attitude. " No; it'isn't the wind," she said, in low, earnest tones: "it's a footstep." .. Then, it's father coming! "No; it isn't his step-besides, it is not in the right direction." "Where is it, then?-but I almost know it's father!" . , . , , , "It's somewhere close about Thatchers Cabin, and who would be there for any good purpose this time o'night!" j I laughed: " Who would be there for abad purpose? There is nothing there, unless it be an owl or bat, roosting on the p«i* "Who would be there? Alberta ghost, neifcaps-do yod'daregoandsee? ' . . " Yes,; but I don't intend going-the «» « all melted in the ran, and we should get into the water." . _ , .. , " " It isn't the water that I am afraid of, says Rose, making no farther pretence of courage; " step out, and hear for yourself-it sound8 nearer.' ,, , . . I did step out: and there was the footstep, sore enough-crush! crash! through the deep heaps of dead and frozen gross, and jast as Rose had said, close about Thatcher s Cabin, which was not more than a stone a throw off. " We are standing in the firelight, I said, " where the thing, whatever it is, can see as: ]et jQg go in«" "So-ho! yoa think there may be a ghost, after all I1' And then Rose proposed that we should walk op the hill and toward the house, in the hope of meeting oar father, "who must be coming, by this time," she said. . I readily accepted the suggestion; and, hand in hand, we proceeded, treading lightly at first but gaining courage as we slid over the ground and lengthened the distancei between 5mand Thatcher's Cabin, until we had reached the summit of the hill, and saw the lane between the meadows stretching homeward before us. we began to be quite ourselves again, anol even to make believe that we had not been afraid. _ We did not meet .father-did not even hear his ooming footstep; and bo kept oi^ growing braver all the while, unttt the light of can^e* sbi^ng through the windows at home, quite reassured -us; and, ashamed of oar cowardice. ii>d sufinK to each other that, after all, we tad pn>bM»iy been frightened br eome cow that had chanced to stay behind the rest in the meadow, we turned and steps, qever onoe pausing to look or to listen ^Orrthe^summit of the hill, between the ::&BS;^Kt^SSfiSS IJning everjrminute now witk the approaching ^oSTaoseV I cried, in tenor; but, almost the nauntfifeuigof a bw una own. .onf w^Mprw^ingtohre^ ye stand, because, ye see, I didn't mean for to scare ye, beyond a reasonable p'int, and I never was so took aback, dog-gou-me if I was!" The feeling of guilt and the protestations of innocence, mingled as they were, seemed ludicrous, and Rose conld not help laughing, before die could speak, and that helped her back to herself, perhaps, more than anything else: and, thoogh she told the fellow Bhe would never forgive him, she suffered him to raise her to her feet, and afterward to assist her along the rough ground and down the hill; and directly atl three of us were seated within the camp-house, and with the genial glow of the furnace fire wrapping us about. We had, of course, recognised our strange guest before this, and I need only say here that his name was Ephraim Wurts, and that he was one of those lying vagabonds of which almost every neighbourhood has some speci men. He was, in fact, so good-for-nothing a creature, as to almost have forfeited his real name, and So he had come to be known, far and near, as Long Efe. His mother once said of him, in shame and sorrow, that if Ephralvn ever did a good thing it was simply by taistake; and this was probably the only time be had been called Ephraim in many ye&rs.; For myself, I can not think he was alto gether destitute of good impulses, nor that he was quite incapable of speaking the truth; but certain it is that his word coald not be trusted without strong corroboratingevidencp. Upon this special occasion, he seemed-to get at the beat there was in him-to be frightened into earnestness; but I may have given him more credit than he deserved; indeed, it is not unlikely that bis story originated in his own wicked imagination. It impressed me, however, sufficiently, at the time, to change the whole conrse of my future life. There re mained yet but one night between this and the great one of all-the night upoh which I was to see Charley. If there had been more titae, the impression might have died out; or I. might upon inquiry, have discovered on how slight a foundation of fact the terrible btfgaboo was set up. Bnt there were certain things goihg to show possibility, if not proba bility, inthe case; and upon these my frightened fancy fastened, and all the rest went for nothing. So let it go: it was just as Itwas. Ephraim admitted now that he had for some time walked aboutintbe vicinity of Thatcher's Cabin, in the hope of frightening us; and that, later, he had followed us, and concealed himself in the papaw bushes for the same end. He, however, professed great sorrow for bis wicked jest; and he certainly gave evidence of contrition by works meet for repentance. He set to chopping, in the first place: then he mended the fire, and with so good effect as to light the woods all around the camp, and drive the steam from the sugar-kettles away up the hill-side, where it lay tumbling under and over, like a sheet in the wind. After ibis he wentall about the camp gather ing th& sap, which be emptied from the sugar-troughs into buckets, and brought and poured into the hogshead that waited by the furnace-side to receive it He artfully mingled pleasant talk with his work, and we, simply listening at first, by littleandlittle joined him; and at last, feeling in part forgiven, he seated himself as near, perhaps, as he dared, and proceeded to work out the remainder of his pardon by the con struction of a skimmer, useful for remov ing drift-leaves from the sngar-kettles. He had brought a bundle of willow wands from the brook-side with bit last bucket of sap, and these he asked us toassort for him, which we Sid, and returned theta to him one by one, when he wove them upon a forked stick, making in the end an ingenious and handy contrivance. As he gained out confidence he began to play upon our feais anew, and repeatedly dropped his work and listened, exclaiming, "'Strange th' oleman doesn't come! Hope no accident has befell him 1" and such like. " What should happen him?' Baid Rose, at last, turning sharply upon him: "some neighbour has probably come in ana detained him." " Possible .'"saidEfe, pursing up his mouth wisely; " but other things is .possible, too-a body never knows whatll happen, nor when it'll happen. Them scafFles Into the barn is high, and it's mighty ticklish work getting out fodder in pitch darkness; besides, th' ole man hain't got as sure a foot as what he had 20 years ago." And having given time for these sugges tions to enkindle oar fears to the utmost, he would ask if we thought the " critter" crying on the next hill-Bide was an owl: and when we answered "yes, "he would shake his head, and say that it sounded to him as if it was a human "critter," and he wouldn't swear that he believed it wasn't" Woods is scarry, anyhow, this 'ere time o' night," said he, "and hang me .if I'm a-going to leave you till th' ole man comes, if 'tain't afore day light" " I hope we should see nothing worse than yourself, if you should leave us," said Rose, at last, vexed with his prophecies of evil, and "1 remembering his late,misconduct You may make light o' tha danger," re plied J5£e, speaking solemnly, " but if you kndwed some things tbat'iato beknowed, you wouldn't be hired to stay into the woods atnight 'special into this particular woods." "And what of this woods worse than another f asked Rose. He waved his skimmer, now completed, mysteriously in the direction of Thatcher's Cabin,, with the single exclamation of "'Haunted." " Did yon ever happen to tee a ghost about there!" asked Rose, gaily. "Let me tell you," he answered. And coming inside the shed-for. the run was beginmng to fall now-he asked whether or not we had ever noticed a wild sweet brier that grew on the next hill-side, twenty yards or so beyond Thatcher'sSpring t Certainly; we had withered flowers about it many atime-what orit! "u; nothing particular; only yon nave trod onto the fraea of Albert, Blagaqen as ofh UTOU've gathered tip posies-that'salL" Ibere waafco mound tber^ we remembered oonrse not; tut there's t poller into i of a boundI When the grave sunk "ed it to. Thatcher l^aa gone _, kkowl Bflt jS tojfoe brier-bush, X It planted cporeBlf to.tbe^youhg girl t was *courtin tot the time hewas it is! Go, if yon dare; and see if you don't una a holler just by the brier- bash, as I have told you! And see, too, when you Ret there, if that noise don't appear like as if it come up out o' the holler! To-night ain't the first time I've heard it; Lord bless my souL I wisht it was!" He spoke with such earnestness that we turned to look in his face ; and if he was not sincere, he certainly simulated sincerity with good effect We listened attentively, and could hear the ice cracking and breaking up-great cakes of it swashing away together. "Ice or no ice, go if you dare!" said Efe ; and then affecting more courage than we felt, we made torches of hickory bark to light us on the way, and set out-crossing the brook on the rough sand-stones that stuck up through the ice and water. The rain was falling steadily, but not very fast; and with often whirling our torches round and round we kept them alive, and proceeded, peering cautiously about, and talking loud and fast, to keep down our fear. We had passed the spring, crashing the tender leaved mint that was shooting up about it, and filling the air with fragrance; had passed the loose heap of stones that bad once been the chimney of Thatcher's Cabin, and were within a dozen yards of the brier-bush, when once mora we gave our torches a whirl which sent the flames flaring far and wide. All at once, we held our breath and stood still, arrested partly by the shape or shadow-whichever it was- drooping over the brier-buBh ; partly by the moans that seemed, sure enough, to be coming np from the very spot designated as Albert's grave. "It is the snow caught in the briers, and the winds going through them," said Rose. "I will not be frightened a second time at nothing !': And cutting circles in the air with her torch, and holding it high above her head, she moved forward. "What are you?" she called out; " for I am determined to know!" At that, the shadowy figure, that seemed to have been screening itself behind the bunch of briers, lifted itself slowly, and stood erect? It was a woman, or in woman's shape, at least. We could see the haggard face; the grizzly hair, clinging; wet about the shoul ders ; the strange, wild_garment^, flapping in the wind-and we waited to see no more, bat. dropping oar torches, fled through the darkness, leaving all the hill-side, with its dreadful heap ol nuns, sliding backward as fast as it could slide. Bush! crush! we went through the moist ground, and the tender spikes of mint aboat the choked and stagnant spring-dash! plash ! we went among the rough sandstones and broken ice, and mash of snow and water in the brook; np the bank, through tangled roots and dead grasses-gaining the camp light in breathless, blind bewilderment, and shaking from head to feet as with ague fits. " I reckon you'll b'lieve, now ?" said Long Efe. " And what could ye do 'thoat me, Ta like for to know ?" Then he poked and punched the fire, crowding in-the dry sticks of hickory and beach wood, till the month of the famace was fairly choked. "He wasn't afeard," he said, " bat the light would be kind o' cbeerfal tons girls !" And so he made the chimney roar again, till the sparkles ran upward in blood-red. streams, and bits of flame broke off and went flapping and wavering oat upon the darkness like wings of fire. He tried to whistle, bat could not brave it out, and after two or three failures, took a pistol from his pocket, examined the priming, cocked it, and then came inside the shed again, saying, as be placed the weapon on a shelf at his elbow, that he *' mast not forget that he had Indies to pertect, even if he had no fears for himself." "Why did you never tell aboat the ghost until now ?" Rose asked, taking it for granted that there was a ghost. '"Cause," replied the young man, wiping the sweat-drops from his forehead, " I'm such a liar, I knowed nobody'd b'lieve me. if I did tell it!" " Well, suppose you tell the truth now, and nothing bat the troth," said Rose, "and in the first place, was Albertwicked, or why does his ghost come back?" "Wicked!" cried Efe. "No; he was the best boy that ever lived, I reckon; just turned of nineteen when he was phoned, and as pretty as a girl! He used to sit at home and read hooks, and think to himself like, while Thatcher was hunting with his dogs and gun." And then he said, as if the words were being wrong from him: " It was one of my 'tarnal big lies, for what I know, that was partly the cause of his death. I'd take all the t'others onto my soul quicker, if I could only just be red of this 'ere one." As he said this, he cautiously palled down the coverlet that curtained the open front of the shed, and fairly hid himself away within its folds. " Bat what made you tell such a story?" "Story ! Lord-a-massy; it was a fall growed lie! Bat.if I coala tell yoa what made me tell it, I'd know a heap more'n what I do; it's enough for me to know that I've been a-doin' things no better ever sence.'1 And then Efe got back to the beginning of the matter. Bat how the brothers had happened to be living done in the cabin he conld not tell; he was only a boy himself at the rime, and hadn't much curiosity; but the lie and the ghbst-he could tell us all *bout them. And setting the axe up between his legs, and clutching the handle in his double hands, as if to get support for his weakness, he began: " It's 15 yean ago now, I reckon, that I happened one night to be crossing this bit o' woods; I was, intact, (foe I might as well tell the whole truth) on my way home from your gov'nor's bam, where I had been stealing, apples; iny hat was chuck fall of 'em, froze as hard as bullets, for the night was cold as Greenland-the oldest settlers ooflldn't remember when eero had been at such« pitch. My way didn't lead, in p'int o'. directness, by Thatcher's Cabin; bat, seeing a bright Ught at the winder, I cat across the hut, and went in-partly from cur'osity, I reckon-anyhow I went; and every thing I seen there that night is intomy mind yet just as plain ss -a Iptctur.' Thatcher's gun, brown and shining, I hong onto hooks agin' the chimbly; thepew i terminates on the shelfinthe copier :the bunch \ot quaila tied by-«he legs and nuog head ' downward^ by the wiftder} .the bin Wackdog i they «alledWoU* thebedtehind the door ; with the bnfFalo-hideOntbit for a quilt; the i Chinapiicher, <rfthak#»>6t a cas'lefcainted | onto one aid's otitj that hung on a peg in th& wall; thb dtied pankin, hung in y£&r;*taip» ! like bo many hafi-mbons, along the iioe; the I rabbit and oponsskinB nailed out sat, and ; loAing^kesotyuay ba^clinging to the wall' L MThat^«Twa»^^ig1^cdtnu),wMdihe ;did/by tjfing Btktks into * Bortol oookllker ;wiihteth*r stttosft; mnd Atben s^ tii^M Ichimbll'ootpw, woWtoti btoSh.p some of my frozen app'w. aai tolehloa to whet his appetite onto theou " He thanked me as though I had doae hlm> the biggest favour in the world, and t»6(a row of 'em up along the hath, and when they thawed, eat them with as much relUh as if they had been reasons. Then he a«k*d me where I got 'emj and said he would like to have some more.. " Then I tola him-Lord, how I wisht l hadn't!»-part o' that 'ere big lie I was spealtin' of. Isaia I got'em of a widder-woman that lived a piece Deyond Dr. Stantield'a, aud that she would sella boshel of 'em for two bits. In the first place, ye see, I wanted to play him a trick, and send him tramping on a fool's errand, 'cause there wasn't any sich widder woman as I represented; and, in the next , plaoe, I. wanted to bring in the name o' Start field, just for to see how he would take it, for I heard talk at home, and knowed that it was thought among the neighbours, that h« was in love with Joan Ramsey, Mrs. Stanfield's young, sister, who lived with 'em, and wis as ' party as a lily. I had 110 objection to'tiia girl special; but the Stanfields was a prottd; : high-headed set, Charles Joseph into tb* - bargain, and I was-agin' 'em ail'; and Ikind o' liked Albert, and didn't want him to maity into "em." ... " I don't know- what you can say 'against Charles Joseph. I am sure," interposed Rosa in my behalf; for all my heart- strings were quivering, and I could not speak for myself. " I don't say frothing agin' him; but if, yon ? want to hear the story, let me tell it as it waa, will ye? There's bad blood into 'em-bad.' blood-that's all I have to say." Then he went on: " Mrs. Dr. Stanfield held her head'' above the best about here, I can tell youy them times, and was, in fact, as ambitious as Old Nick himself. Joan was a good deal younger, and a good deal batter, I < reckon, and she was in love with Albert, certain; but folks said the match would never come off not while Mrs. Stanfield had her bad wits to ' work with. She lost '£m afterward, and good - enough for her! "They was rich, the Stanfields was, them days; and Albert Blagsden wasn't worth.no more than the shirt on.his backhand'that makes some agin' a feller, ye know, with the best o' folks. "Anyhow, they fell in love-whatever that is-these two young creturs, and kept on> meeting in secret, after Mrs, Stanfield had refused Albert the house, and was only tho rn ore determined to have one another* "This was the state o' things, as report went, when I. tole Albert about the wiader woman and her applfes. "He didn't seem to mind my mentiono' the Stanfields; so I thought I'd apply the incers agin and bring in the young woman erself: tole him if he wanted to kill two birds with one stone, he had better go for the apples the next evening, for Joan was to be at the widder's house then, as I had-heard her say, accidental. His face flushed up now red as could be, but after a minute he gathered courage like, and asked perticalar just when} - the widder-woman lived, and ho w to go there. He would try to find the plaoe in a day or two,' if it wasn't too cold. " Thatcher looked up from his trap, with a* sly wink in his eye. "' I guess you'll find it to-morrow, cold or no cold,' said he; and then he said, looking: round the little room, * Shouldn't wonder if we had to put a wing onto the cas'le before long.' "Then be laughed and I laughed, bat Albert didn't jine. " Directly I spoke up, and tole what I<hadU seen with my own eyes, I tapped oa the Chios pitcher hanging by the jamb, aad said I, * I< seen Joan, screened by the hedge that runs acrossed the meader, next the Doctor's, milk this fall one day, and hand it to somebody who was waiting, and who paid for it with* coin that wouldn't be generally took!' " Thatcher laughed agin, hearty as could be, and said I was a knowing, youth, or something like that I hadn't seen no atwh thine; but I had heard tell that when the brothers sot up here they bad no critter of no - kind, not even a cow, and that they used to - get milk at Stanfield'a. and that was the way the acquaintance began. Then Lhad ones seen Albert carrying home a pitcher of milk ;, but the rest I made up. " Albert didn't answer to what I said about him ; and, after a little, shut up>his book, laid it down on the stone hath beside him, and Bat a long time looking into the fire. " Thatcher took his gun off the hooks above - the chimbly directly, and showed it to me, seeming mighty proud of it, I thought. There would be mow before morning, by the look of the moon, he said ; and he woedd make a famous day of it with that brown, mistress of his; and then he asked ma if I would jine him, and help him-out, adding that Albert and him didn't hunt the stone kind o' game. "I Bud Fd be on hand; bright aud&irfy;, and then I got up to go away ; and as I opened the door, the wind slid in like the angel o* death-still and' awful- and Albert looked up and said, I had a very cold walk to take; wouldn't I stay all night? He would lie by the fire, and give me his piller! " Something kind o' shot through me when, he said this, and I had it oil the end o' mj tongae to tell him that I had been jast fool ing about the widder and- the apples;: bat-' instead o'that, t dropt myeyes ana sneaked oat ""Hen, I rata depend-on seeing: yoai& the morning?' Thatcher called after ma. " * As if you couldn't always depeodon aef said I; ana I chucked my,head down Into mjr coat-collar, andstreakedit across the meader toward home. "it was snowing some, a'ready, am enoogb, and before I- readied our cowpaster. tbe ground was coated pretty fairly; and thinking of the rabbit-hunt on hand. I' forgot all about my lie, and went to bad in high spirits. "The next morning the coldest spell that ever was knowed' sot in. There was just snow enough to track a rabbit, bat no more; and all the sky was like one gnat grey sheet of ice. 3fte sun hadno more *«rmthin.hia than a yaller dog, and l thooght ray hands would a-froaewhile Ifoddered thecattle: they nttted tikeatiekiiflhey Canoed to knock together, and the ffnts cracked, and tha blood started and froze op like blubbers. Xvaiditwasa'tttraoh oold, thowh, whenoar people asked me, and as aoopiagdminJiotwd my breakfast, cut and ran. Tbakdurwaa mendu^hiashoes wh«i 1 gotto tbe oablti. and»!«.«.«? toatl. lts5^ mime <jf andliaMthem A0wm»mn t I itowr^ihitMLlw a»a>»> dajtwheaweiotpufc-r-cy? wUfa *he trap onto. tkab.'oiiito, ' Moulderandfettdagk "Albert atayed tahlad.W ridmaylp he a ftenMiQfavtmt, " ^ . fefox* we wa*. anA fcaw. * X -iS ?i &s;,-*ei£w. siiri l-ra ,v»Vfc*ya»di but the dog sot himself ptam? upright, and | stared at ns just as if he s*id ' noand even i when Albert forced him oat of the house, he j would not follow us, bat only crouched back i and whined, and looked up in the face of his starter, pitifcl like. " ' You have infected him. yoa heartsick boy!' Thatcher cried. 4 Well, Jet him cd with yoo, if he likes; may be you'll need som protection,' "A famous day we made of it, sure enough-Thatcher and me together-and it was 9 o'clock that night before we got on: into the open fields, on oar way home. Tar: wind cat like a knife, and we trampt absa-i. and didn't speak for 20 minutes, I reckon The moon was fall, the sky clear now, aad we could see every thiiig nigh about as well as if it had been day. We crossed this very stream h«lf a mile below here, and I remem ber seeing where the ice had been cat for the cattle to drink; wl just as we riz the hill beyond I noticed that there.wa* no light at the ? "°hin winder, and I said 1 WAS afeard Albert hadn't kep' his promise, and come home in time to have a fire for us; and till then I don't I had thought of him all day. '"I am afraid that girl'(meaning Joan, I suppose) ' will {day the deuce with him yet!' Thatcher said-Miimg on the instant, in a cheerful tone, ' 0. there he is now f Then he called out, ' Harry up, you rascal! Where's that great fire you promised to have blazing for us f "Albert neither paused nor made answer, fhnagli we saw him plain as we seen each other, and heard his steps breaking through the frozen crust of the snow. Our feet felt lika stones tied to our ankles now; but we hurried, stomping them along as fast as we could, and pining on him considerably. "Wewere, in fart, within 20yards of him, when 'I cried out, 'Hello! how did you leave the widder-woman T and' Have you got any apples? "He hasn't been for the apples,' Thatcher said; 'he has been for milk. Don't you see the pitcher in his hand 7 "Just thai Albert turned round, and we seen his face as plain as could be; and yet we couldnt tell whether he was dead or alive, for he was white as a sheet, and didn't look noaways natural; but for all that we knowed it was him. "1 Good heavens! the boy is sick!* cried Thatcher; and he ran for'ard to overtake Mm, but difil a fait did he get any nearer. At last he stopped, onto' breath ; Mid there Albert was, just the same distance ahead. He was a little out of hnntonr now, Thatcher was, and he said:' Very well, boy; we are not so aazMos to jine you as you seem to think: so .go year own gait.' And with that, he fell to a slower pace; and then Albert turned and looked back again, and his face was the piti fulest and nainfulest sight thatever was-it .sot me all of a tremble; I said, though, ' Til run and catch up with him, for if he's alive he's mighty sickand so I set off lickety split! "Twasn't no use-I couldn't get a-nigh him! He didnt seem to run. buthe just -kind o' glid and slid, and kep' perdsely the same distance before us. At last I stopped, my legs fairly shaking under me; and savs I to Thatcher when he come up, says I: 'That 'ere thing is no more Albert than I am. It's Albert's ghost, and the boy has had foul play, somehow or 'nothet!' " ' Now don't you be helping him out with his tricks,' said Thatcher. 'Don't you see the pitcher? Ghosts don't cany pitchers, that everl heard of." "I still persisted that.it was a ghost. "'Nonsense !' said Thatcher. 'Dm'fcyoa bear hT dramming on the pitcher? That's an ddhahit of his.' " I listened, and did hear the drumming; but I said then, and aay now, it wasn't like any sound I ever heard afore: solemn like, as if it was the shadder of a sound. I " Wolf was trotting right along beside him, and it seemed to me be lookedlike a shadder, , too. First, I (ailed him, and then I whistled to *T; but he glid right along over the ?now, never taming his head. Then our dun they dank bade find crouched till their Nate* fairiy drag on the ground. I never seen the like. " * Come!-you have succeeded in frighten ing the dogs, at any rate.'says Thatcher: 'so stop and tell ns howyou have prospered. Has Mother Stanfield relented, say V "At tjiat name these was sash'a dreadful moan came back to as as you never heard : and thai the thing, or shadder, or whatever it wm, began to waver and stagger; and just there where the brier- bush is, it fell flat onto the-snow; and we went along within a few -foot of it, and beard the drumming on the pitcher, and the dreadful moans, and seen the dog and every thine, just as plain as could be. "*He will soon give it up now.!' said Thatcher, langfrinft; and knocking the clods fromour heels* weppenedthedoor, and went in. Qe fire was smouldering low on the bath, and the room was too dadcto see any thineat fit#.; test there was <thesame moans that diechadder had madeflutside. ~ "Wewiaclied up the ea&er;& and "Ap at" onoe Wolf .came -leaping |r»|a -the bedside; andftaoding on buVhmdlega, set his fore- j paws on Thatcher's shoulders, and began j mumUing and whining as jf fee; was Jelling the piufiuaststozj that evferwas. . ithecoal^now, andthrowed _ ; was lying m the corner into , aiidin a second thejdase-flared up, and tbere huug the Chinapucber on its ' I'ithe chirobly ; aod^thare lay Albert white as »e sheet, AudbiaerajroJlipgabout like as i» tng^teas lo^eAinj rf ' ~ " U»t ^wf|jaer L i he was yet lying In * 1 jonld -.Mfi w? rtmOitilidyj sockets, £went ?looked ont.and ie snowjaod - Wolf j which of .'em' M»,-a»d bat.be. thougn * by^is, .brothta!' Mfc*nSJ"tdaeain4i« heixixozen; itls#l snyAM&g;/'Jimight have,! fctopptd rrembliu' for a little spell, and he a Mgn tbat he wanted more air.'' " I histt-d up the winder, aud there he was a iyin' in thr snow just tbe same as he was oa the bed. and I could hf-ar him drumruki' on the pitcher, though there it liu-ag right afore me a^ia the chimbiy. ""More air-more air," said he, under breath ; and I looked round quick, and s«a he was a dyiii'. "Oil, Albert' said I. I wanted to say, "Forgire me !' bat soaiethia' held me buck, aud I didn't say it. "All at otiCc the door was dashed o^ieo, and in rushed Joan Ramsay, ?' " I? he aiire y-t-is he alive?' she cried ; and, before we cou'a give answer, she vras leaning over the pillar and had him in her arms, never mindiug us. and she seemed as much dead as him-so pale and terror-struck \- for a time ; bat when he ceased throwing his arms about aud began to look at her so wishful, she beseeched Thatcher to fetch the doctor, 'bat not Dr. St&nfield;,' she cried; ' oh, not him!' " Glad enough to do anything, I offered to go ; bat Albert signed as not to bring any doctor. It couldn't do him any good, he said; and then he whispered something to Joan that set her tremblin' like a leaf. " 'Then let me die, too ! let me die, too,' she cried, wringing her hands together. "'You will soon come,'he said, smiling; ' and we shall be together in that beautiful country where nothing can part as any more.' And then he palled her close to him, and whispered agin, bat I catched a word, novr and then, enough to show that he was askin' her to keep something to herself. At last, he said, speakin' quite aloud, and with all his soai lookin' oat of his eyes, 'It is the last favour I shall ever ask: do you promise.!' "'God help me! I am in an awful strait!' sobbed Joan; and then, seeing the wishful eyes growin' fairly fast to hers, she answered, * Yes, I promise.' " His band nestled in hers, and she held him close, as if he had been a baby, her tears droppin' like rain on his face, and her long, bright hair seemin' just of itself to find his neck, and to fall all round him, as if to keep back die enemy, now so close. " I never seen such a party sight; bat it seemed to me as if it was sacred- like, and I wait away, and leanin' my head agin the jamb, cried like a good feller. "And yet, what I had heard him ray histed up them gates that had been a crashin' into me. I don't know why, bat I didn't feel so awfal gailty. "He breathed easier now, and his poise came so reg'lar that we began almost to hope, and Thatcher and me went into the door-yard to see if we could make oat what sort of thing wasalyin' therein the snow; and, ifyou belie re it, tiiere wasn't nothin' there-not even a shadder. The snow lay all smooth and white where we had seen die thing, and there wasn't so much as the print of a baby's foot in it. I believed then, and I believed now, that Thatcher knowed we had 6een a ghost, for be shook his bead, saying there wasn't no hope, and went right into the house. "Joan lifted her finger-he was going to deep; a minute, and he was asleep, sore enough, past all mortal waking. " Death had slipped under them bright locks somehow, aud chilled him clean to death ; bat I don't, for the life of me, see how he could do it. " Thatcher conldn't bear to hare him took away from him ; and so he was buried in the door-yard-the grave-diggers selecrin", by chance, the very spot where we had seen the strange Aggers a-lym' in the snow. "Many a time I've seen Wolf watchin* by the grave, and couldn't tell whether it was him, or whether it was the t'other thing! -"-Bat to finish my story. Joan Ramsey died within a year, of a broken heart-so folks said-and the proud sister, Mrs. Stan field, who had been a-gettiu' cur'us for a good spell, went clean crazr soon after; and Charles Joseph went off to a college pretty soon -. so there was a general breaking up. The old Doctor lost practice,got down-hearted, and leasing the place, went away, some said, to travel in Africa; bat I reckon nobody knowed when* he went. Anyhow, nohe of 'etn's ever been -seen once, bat the hopeful Charles! X say hopeful, became there ain't no doabtinto my mind bat that he helped his wicked old mother to pison Albert Blagsden. It was never talked open mnch, the evidence 8gin' her bein' confined chiefly to the Doctor's hired man-a feller that, drinked some, aud wasn't always the trustworthiest. *' Hi» name was Richard Scofield-Dick, be was called. He had good, hard Bense when he wasn't in liquor; and I, for one, allowed he knowed what he was talkin' about, when Albert's death was in question. Anyhow, he told one story stiddy, drank or sober, and this was the w&y; it ran, or the amount of it: " He was bead man like, on theSfcan field place, and used to drive Mrs. Stanfield's car riage sometimes, when the Doctor was off professional; and it happened that be had been drivin' Bome'eres on the day Albert went for the apples. They werejast brain' in at the home ^ate-so he used to say-when they saw Albert goin' by, and lookin' almost frozen; and/tnat, greatly to his surprise-for be knew how she hatedjrhe boy-Mrs, Stan field called to him, in a veiy tender way, to come in and get warm. He looked surprised, and hesitated at first; but she said so much, and audit in so sweet it way, that he finally took the invitation, and went in-hoping no doubt, in his heart,. to see Joan. When he come to the fire, he suffered dreadfully, for his ears and his fingers were nearly frozen stiff; but Mrs. Sfcanfield 'made as if Jie was frozen todeath, $nd callin' Charles,wfco was in one o£ his dare devil hpmour? thatday, gflkve him the key of the medicine chest .direptin' him to letch her a small, ^ree^ish bottle £he wouUi find tjiere, and aayin' it contained eomethin' that would " rdMl" popr ypw»g: Meni ; V peeph wnt *puch given jto fOki miiidin! w^frsttiight anddfl ,^cks/opinion, ,*?en.t' Jthjs ' * W^*T' 'XpfrSW. ' w, tiw Imowed ojwt^l^e,jqr,any', stuff eoto/lke bottle with . viO,\ forcin' Albert to swaller 'em. She said it von!d make him sleep; that he muhtshiver & sf-cll at first, but that when be come oat of it ail be would be just as well as ever. " And, sure enough, he did begin to shiver end tremble a'most as soon as he had swal lf red the last drops; and then Mrs. Stanfield said the medicine w&s; workin' beautiful, and ordered Dick to get Albert into the carriage, aiid drive him home as fast as possible. _ 'He n.ust go to bed.' she said, ' and never stir till tie next moriiinV "Dick, of course, did as he was directed, but Albert got worse all the way home; and was soon past speakin'; so, when he had carried him into the house, and tumbled him ou the bed. be went back as fast as he could go, and told Joan that he believed the worst w ould come to the worst before another son was up. "Dick tola too, that when he made the fire next momin' be found the green bottle all crushed up, as if somebody had sot their foot onto it; and he always tole that he believed that it hild rank pison, and that Albert came to his end in no reglar way. " Folks used to whisper these dark hints from one to another; but they wasn't paid respect to, because Dick was so mnch give to liquor, and because the St&nfields; stood high, may be. " He used to say he wouldn't like to have Mrs. Stanfield's apron-string round his neck, if she was an enemy of his'n; that she was mighty clever to him, but that there was pre cious good reason for it!-that if he was a mind to tell all he knowed to Thatcher Blags* den, she might, perhaps, swing higher than Ler own gate-posts yet J Thatcher never thought anything wrong, though ; and nobody had the heart to put suspicion into his head. Then the Stanfielas fell right away with such trouble-Joan dying, yon see; th' old woman losin' her mindand the Doctor, whom every oue liked, fallin' oat o' practice, and eettin" down in the month generally that the surmises was hushed up and left to die out But there was lots o' things floattn' about them times ; I forget 'em halt It was told, I know, that Joan Ramsey refused to have her sister come into her dyin' room, and there was them that thought she wasn't oat of her be&d;, nuther! And then, -after her death, it was give out that it was grief that was preyin* on the mind of Mrs. Stanfield; bat there was diem that said it was memory! Anyhow, she got so bad before long that she had to be took to an asylum; and th* old Doctor, all broke up in purse and spent, went off, ana be was not heard of for agood many year. "And, by tbe way, Dick Scofield went off, too, all of a sudden; and the next thing that was knowed of him, he was the owner of a plantation down tbe river somewheres, and it was hinted round that the place was bought with hush money. "Bat one thing I forgot There was a China bowl dog up dose by Thatcher's cabin, one day, by some fellers that happened to be quanyin' there for some stone; and Dick always hild that tbat was the very bowl that had the pison into it! Bat that went agin' his story more'n for it-how it got there was the question. However it was, I seen Hie bowl myself, and remember it bad some blue fggen onto one side of it I don't know what they was. now; bat, anyhow, I didn't like the looks of 'em. Well, one evenin', when Albert bad been dead aboat three months, I happened to see, as I was drivia' the cows home, Thatcher Blagsden diggin' just back o' the cabin. There was a kind of mystery, after seein' them* shadders there, that always drawed my eyes tbat way; so I dumb'onto a stamp and looked sharp, and directly I seen somethin* Loverin' aboat him that looked like a woman; so I cut across tbe field and dumb into the fork of tbe mulberry that used to stand in the gully just above the spring. I thought may be lie was takin' Albeit up, and 8 he was, I was bound for to see him ! But no 1 he was only plantin' oat a brier-bush at tbe bead of bis grave, and tbe cretor that I bad seen hoverin' aboat was Joan Ramsey; and I knew that she bad brought the brier-bash 'cause they only growed in one place in the neighbourhood, and that was in Dr. Stan field's hedge. That was about the last time Joan ever went abroad, I reckon; anyhow, I never seen her after that I sot in the crotch o' tbe tree long after she went away, hopin' Thatcher would see me and call to me, or come where 1 was; bnt be didn't do nather one, bat just come round to tbe cabin door, and seemed to kind o' fall down onto the step. Then be tot the gTubbin'-hoe up between Ids legs, and leaning his head onto it, appeared like he was - thinkin'to himself. " If he seen me be didn't let on; anyhow, he was kind o' stem, and kep'to fcinwrff and .didn't seem to want to Bee folkB, after Albert's death. He didn't hunt no more/ bat give away his dogs, all bnt Wolf; (Igot one of 'tm, worth ten dollars, too!) and just left his gun on tbe books over tbe chimbly till ft rusted. I might just as well 'a bad that, bat somehow, most fellers ate careful about what they give away, even in the shadder of tile deepest affliction. He used to lie sometimes, halt a day at a tifbe, on the grass by the grave sfde, with Wolf dose by, and his arm ronnd his neck, ipay be-for he seetnedto think more o* tbat doe than he did of any Shaman critter-an(l whenever yon seen one youseen t'other. ' i " I used to bear hinta about the cabin being haunttd, bat it was always -talked in a (smothered way like, and then I was a'most sure to be sent vat o* the roomyoungsters falwsys are, you know, when visitors reach the interesting p'int o' tilings. i "Well,, as I said store, Thatcher didn't iseem to tee me, but ken* stiddy in one soot ,h» hekd Testm' ou the grubbin'^hoe, and: Woli^ronc^in^at bj^^eet^^ '«m stined, Md 5o I dn»pt from tJie crotch to tbe giQund, ftnd took to mj heel* ; and . 1 gottotbehm-topIlo^l^tottSlMe ireqte day, AtthUi Joseph's crary <^ mcther come* u'< doul>» ; and ir was her yon stfen at Albert's grave to nigbt. Pick's story must have been all true, that's a fact-; yes, it roust of!" True or false, I didn't go to «he singing wbool, as I told you before, and Charley was too (jrocd to seek me oat; and so-well, well, I wonrftr if be ever married! 