Contest for the Pedestrian Cham pionship of America. Ox Monday last, 26th ultimo, a fifty-mile walking match for the championship of America and the silver cup, took place on Boston Highlands, the contestants being J. Bovelander and 'Younfr' : Wayne, of Boston ; J. Adams, of New York ;~P. Dinsmore and J. Sturks, of South Boston ; and J. Oddy, of Philadelphia. JameB Smith acted as judge and referee. The prizes contended for were the Champion Cup (an elaborately wrought piece of silver, 17in high, and weighing 50oz , which origi nally cost 300 dollars) and greenbacks to the amount of 50 dollars. The start took place at 18 minuteB before 9 o'clock in the morning, and was as even as could have been expected. At the fcend of five miles Oddy was ahead, having walked that distance in 43 minutes. The 10-mile post was passed by Oddy in lh 20m; Adams came next, making the distance in lh 38m. Wavne was 2m later, and Dinsmore 2m 30s. Sturks came in in lh 48m. At the end of his 30th mile, which he accomplished in 7h 3m, Dinsmore was obliged to retire; and he was soon followed by Bevelander. Sturks was not very regular in his gait.. He was on and off the track by turns, until it was difficult to tell how he stood. But, after making somewhat in tho neighbourhood of 30 miles, he, too, gave out. The 30th mile-post seemed to possess some sort of fatality, for here Oddy also gave up the ghost, being seized with an unmistakcable and unconditional cramp. The match was thus left between Adams and Wayne. Adams made 35 miles in 7h 15m, and 40 miles in 8h 14m ; while Wayne made his 35 in 7h 4m, and his 45 in 9h 46m. Adams completed his 45th mile in 9h 14m, and came in at three minutes past 7 o'clock, having made his 50 miles in lOh 20m, and leaving Wavne a mile and four-fifths behind him. — New York Spirit of the Times, October 1. Opening op the Wabwick akd Toowoomba Railway.— The formal opening of the Warwick and Toowoomba railway on the 10th instant, says the Brisbane Courier, was a great success. All the people of ^Warwick seemed to have turned out to meet the visitors, who numbered between six and seven hundred. The Acting-Governor, Colonel O'Conncll, with the Minister for Works, the Minister for Lands, the Postmaster-General, the Attorney-General, and several members of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly arrived at 2 o'clock, and were met and welcomed by the mayor and corporation of Warwick who presented an address. The line was then formally declared 'open,' and the party at once proceeded to the banquet. The banquet was held in a large stone goods shed very tastefully decorated. Mr. W. H. Walsh, the Minister for Works, presided, supported by the Acting-Governor and the Ministers of' the Crown who were present. Mr. James Taylor occupied the vice-chair. About 300 persons sat down to a very excellent spread. Mr. Williams, the contractor, was complimented on all sides on the very successful and satisfactory manner in which he had completed his contract, and the hope was expressed that his services would soon be required to carry out further works of the same kind. The weather was fine, the whole of the arrangements were excellent, and they were carried out without s single '.hitch' of any kind. 