SUGGESTIONS FROM THE GRAVE ON THE SUBJECT OF TAXATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Song-The time is now approaching when the wisdom of our new Parliament will be called upon to provide the supplies necessary for the support of the Government. The two great questions commonly debated on such occasions are the wherefore and the now. The wherefore, as the politician in the " lie hearsal" says, answers itself; but then as to the quomodo, or the show, here the invention of the ingenious lover of his country may, without offence be exerted. ' Certain writers and speakers have thought proper to observe that scarcely a single tax can be devised, except a poll tax, which has not been already imposed, in order to strip this beggarly country even of its rugs for if we credit these gentlemen, the country does indeed hang in tatters, and we must expect very speedily to hour Tasmania crying out with a most lamentable voice in the streets : " Prey, your honour, do good your honour, one single farthing to a poor. distressed gentlewoman with a great charge of help- less children." A certain Emperor is reported to have offered a reward to any one who should discover a new species of pleasure; and it is hoped that in imitation of that Emperor the coming Ministry will make some promises to any one who shall invent a new tax. For my own part I flatter myself that I have discovered some method of raising money by taxes, which have hitherto escaped the researches of the Launceston projectors and politicians ; but, however various my ways and means may be, I shall content myself at present with communicating only one of my schemes, that from the reception it meets with from those in a over, I may be tempted either to conceal or make public the rest. There is a certain species of conversation which is commonly termed the saying of good things, in this commodity almost everybody deals. The cheesemonger wife at a gossipping, and the haberdasher at the bar parlour, say good things as well as their betters, during the short intervals from whist. This commodity has hitherto escaped the observation of the legislature, and of the wise men of Launceston and yet no sufficient reason appears why a tax may not be imposed on every good thing which shall be said, uttered, spoken, or written from and after the 1st day of January, 1872. It will possibly be objected that some difficulties may occur as to the proper methods of levying this tax. The officers of the revenue are so heavily worked at present that they cannot be expected to do more, and it may he said that they cannot be supposed proper judges of what is, and what is set, j a good thing, and an appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in all probability, would not much mend the matter. To this it may be answered that, in the case before j us, the user or consumer may be safely trusted on his bare urination, an indulgence which I should very unwillingly recommend on any other occasion. The method I would propose is, that every person ' who says a good thing, or writes a good thing, shall receive a certificate thereof on stamped paper, for which certificate the sum of five shillings and three- . pence only shall be exacted, provided always that he who says or writes a very good thing may for such very good thing demand a certificate, as aforesaid, on payment of ten shillings and sixpence in manner aforesaid. It may be further objected, as this tax is proposed to extend to the writing, as well as saying, good things, that it will be of inexpressible detriment to many of our anonymous writers, such as the Northern " Cynic," " Diogenes," and some other refined authors. Their interest and their vanity will incline them to contribute largely to the stamp duty; but it cannot in reason be expected that they should ever be able to raise a single half-guinea for the purchase of a certificate. My intention is not to injure these gentlemen. I pity poor authors with all my heart. They " who cannot dig and who It) bog are ashamed," must write; far be it from me, therefore, to deprive them of an ingenious livelihood, To quiet their minds, I humbly propose that they shall not be required to tax themselves, but that which" renders shall tax them for every good thing which they may chance to publish. Thus will the tax be come no intolerable grievance, Indeed it will M scarcely felt, unless (also English, law wit, and licentious scurrility be declared good things by public authority. All that I entreat is, that as I leave them the liberty of writing what they please, they will also allow me the liberty of reading what I please, By this means we shall have little intercourse, and consequently little occasion for quarrel. _ n i I T ii» tax will indeed fall somewhat heavily upon you, Sir, hut, in times of danger and difficulty, every man must contribute according to his ability to the necessities of his country. towns or, to marketing matter easy, I am willing to yield you the whole honour of my invention; and I doubt not but you may obtain a saving clause, empowering you to write good things without the expense of a certificate. We are all of us apt to show some degree of partiality to our own children, and this may perhaps induce me to be over-fond of my present project. Yet the most impartial must acknowledge, that no tax can be more extensive, or so levied with greater ease to the public, and the subject. It will, there fore, afford me the highest satisfaction, to see this my darling scheme enforced by the wisdom of the legal but sure. I can already in imagination rejoice or Biimo future resolution of the honourable Home, conceived in words to The following oflVct :-" Resolved that the sum of £400,000 sterling be raised by way of lottery of annuities payable out of the produce of the tax upon good things." I would be no less agreeable to me to read it paragraph in The Mercury, reporting that the " LtiuncMtoa ; Patriotic Association dined together at their hall in St. John-street, when the lux upon good things, Mia after dinner, amounted to i'S.'lU-tho exact amount of one week's expenses in working the great Launceston and Western Railway the largest sum yet collected for this expensive toy.' " Inuiko no doubt but that great sums migHne expected on this account from the members of the "Launceston AmntcurDramatioCompany," Henessy v anything of the laudable gold mining societies, and the numerous fraternities of young bucks, blood, and choice spirits. It may) possibly be insinuated that Victoria will endeavour to avail itself of our example, and impose likewise a tax upon good things, but as freedom of speech is greatly restrained in all absolute democracies, we have nothing to fear from such an attempt If it should still further he objected to the tax, that it will be a partial one, and grievously burthensome to the poor wit, while the rich Mere- man of Hobart and Launceston, the justice of the quorum, and the fine gentleman will be totally exempted horn it, I answer that in thfsopubhf spirited times, and upon this particular occasion, every) man will be ambitious of contributing his quota, whether he can be legally taxed or not No), I am humbly of opinion that those who say the lowest good things will grievously make their demands upon the stamp office for the greatest number of certificates I had once thought of extenlong m) project To lbs good things that people do as well as say, but upon consulting a few friends upon the matter, I was convinced that the benefits arising; from such an addition would be too inconsiderable to be felt. I have, therefore, for the good of my poor country's the case of those in power, made what haste I could to communicate my Scheme as it now is which I hope you will publish at your earliest convenience You will, of course, romomborthat I direct ratio year of our Lord 1756 A descendant of mine visit this fair land, and if I am not deceived one of your northern ports was named after him , hence the interest which my spirit has always taken in the future of Tasmania I am, Sir, Your most faithful humble servant, DALRYMPLE CKIOSR 