MEETING ON THE RAILWAY QUESTION. A public meeting, convened by the Mayor of Ipswich in compliance with a requisition from some of the in- habitants of the town, was held in the School of Arts on Friday night last, and was very numerously at- tended, not less than 700 persons having been assembled to hear the question of railway extension discussed. As well as townspeople, there was a large number pre- sent from some of the agricultural districts ; and a few gentlemen from Toowoomba and Brisbane also put in an appearance for the avowed purpose of hearing for themselves the views of the two parties, and seeing how they were received by the people. Although the meeting was projected by a few friends of the G. L. P., yet it proved a decided triumph for the advocates of the present Government policy. It is gratifying for us to be able to state that a fair hearing was accorded to the speakers on both sides of the question, and that the meeting was conducted in a thoroughly orderly manner throughout. On the platform we noticed amongst others the member for Drayton and Too- woomba, and the members for Ipswich and West. Moreton. The MAYOR, having read the requisition and the notice convening the meeting, was called to the chair, on the motion of Mr. P. O'SULLIVAN, seconded by Mr. JOHN HANRAN. He said the meeting was one of great importance to the whole colony, and he hoped that the audience would give a fair hearing to the speakers, and calmly consider the arguments brought forwards ; there were several strangers and deputations present, and he trusted that they would show them that Ipswich people knew how to conduct themselves properly under every circumstance. Mr. P. O'SULLIVAN then come forward, and moved the first resolution, as follows :— "Feeling the forcible effect of the close division on the late railway debate in the Assembly, and the sub- sequent action thereon of the minority on the floor of the House and elsewhere—the decision arrived at by the Upper Chamber at their last sittings, and the firm tone of opinion expressed by the public meetings held in other towns—it is the opinion of this meeting that the time has arrived when it is absolutely necessary for the interests of this community to re-consider the question of railway extension throughout the colony. Although the resolution was ex:pressive enough in itself, he would crave indulgence to make a few re marks on it. It insinuated that the. colony was at a? s.tandstill. Par ties in the House were equallyjosa~asced I sixteen members were is favour of public wore,-ex tension of railways, ,tc., and the same number were opposed to all such measures. They were ate 'de.ed •luck in the House, snd the general opinion .was ?tbat the key was in West Itoroton. Hence that mest leg. The Oppesition represented two-tbirdu.$ths population of the colony. Theysaid, " We harelseen idle long esough, end it is new high .tine eizat:we should do something. To stand atill.is to'gtai~oaki and the colony eannot montinoe as it is without jooig hack." There was.annther'pasty in the Hlouse--the squatters--and they held tbs Government in their hands, aed made mse of it for the purposesof els.. legiisltion. They were perfoct~y alive to their toshg interests, and they Maid the colony was doing well enough, and that it was better to 'let well enuogh alone. That woe the question at isusu. Thneepibpls' owned heif the reentry. They went down to the Assembly and made themselves a present of half the. colony for tea years in floe settled dis'icek, with.'se good a right to secure ,the .other h~f as that pneeoand by any eother man amongat on. They? had Leered in the country, discha?rged "white labour, brought iu black labour, and were goepog a white mae £20 a-yea;, making hias find his .wn horse. These people thought thejoolony~wan Aohog cery well. There was no fear, be tthsypassa]Psatorl Relief Act to relieve the squatter wrho went stmaih. If a gentleman in any part of tb*e colony ?nat ?asei did ever anyone hear if an Act being psa~d~srl his relief P They haA an Acte at thin ps-seent mome?mnt' before the Hencee, by which abeut'8£100,000 woeh of lend-orders were to be confiscated to prevent"'ssttle ment, and of which £88,000 worth would be appes' priated by the Government. That laud-drier apteo wee a regular awindle on the immigant.' The.Qg vernment acted the pawnbroker, and gave him £56 for hie order. The pour man wvent sep'the country,a$u? the first year he wee net sneeesnfsl, toad hraijidfdr time to make a little money; in the second: ,tuithird years he accumulated a little mousy, bathe did not: come down, so it would coat him so much'as bin land order was worth ; hut the Government wouldn't allow him to send it down threughan third party, ane4 in the meantime the one' year or. two year ex pired and his order woe of no cuss Again, 'overy occupation but.that of the equatter was nothing in the eyes of the Government. Now, ?on 'callisig. on 'theses gentlemen to reonsider thejr verdict upou the matter, they east no slur on any of their memulmser thry could nut be blamed for their conduct; theylsed k~ept their pledges well sod fatthfally, 'an4? t~hey Aye served the approbation rether then. the diseppl~batinla' of their constituents. In speaking of thoae siesmbera he lied been remiaded by the press that hehsadan down en one of them, and that be hed.apoken..dis repeoeetlbly of Mr. Thompson, a sintemeat which be utterly denied. With prorate character 'he had no thing to do, hut he mointeined a perfect right to cviii iels his public cehrester. But of him - he must say one thing end he done--he wee the ablest pf the sin members ; and one thing ha had 'idona which"- had given, greet satlefectien, and that was' the introduction of the Manhoud Saflrage Bilk.' XKe ((?le aceaker) was also represented to have asiud, something derogatory te Mr. 'Wash:~ lIt was "said that he had called that gentleman the arch-plotter of -the Government. (Cries of " question, question," and "railway, railway.") After a chart' cxplaiaation' re garding Mr. Walsh, the speaker continued ,--Hla r-eason for ceing la fur an extension of railway was that ha had boon living in Tpswiah for many ysaro, where be had] large posseesisns in the .shape of child ren, property, &c.;, end he had been luskieg abiot to see hew it could be turned to the best account: By the introduction of the railway he hand lost £700 a year, besides the effecte arising from the deprsecation of property. He had been leooking about ham to sea how they'cuuld get out of the diffidulty in whiob they were placed, by the euioteecs of a railway, having_ neither a hecianing nor an ending. He 'was of opinion, however, that like America they mould find " means for getting out of their flu by throwing open the lands and instituting public works., He did not w?iel to go into the figutres upon the mdttsr, as to whether it would pay or ant5 hut the question before them wee simply whether it would b~enefit "them either directly or indirectly. He was opposed ts 'in creased taxation, hot he believed that the extensions of the railway would cot tend to ins iscoeash, and 'he thought that She greater increase to the population t.hey esecured, so moob the more would their taxation heo lessened- While they stood in that stead-atml ponition what would become of the coloopyP What woulid become of their children P . Would they make them d]rovers or bull]ock drireraP And'yet what oilier prospects had they for them P? -'Afew yearu eko there was as floe a population of treadesmen in Ipaswich as coald be found ,do the colony, and where. were they newP Walking idly about the streete, w-ith their h]ands in their pockets, not earning a ehil lice. This question wan ooe betwecn the laboorec and mechanic and the squatter. it wee said that they were a settled populationand should be content. They U' w?anted publiewocks and the circulation of momsy, and" if they had the railway exteuded to Rome it would open op the trade of the eolony for. 500 or 6010 miles ; end if to Briabans, they could go there~and da their hosineas and return the smew eventeg,' with leess inconvenience and expense thtn that now experi enced. He had greet pleasure in moving the adoption, of the tirot resolution. (Loud cheers.) . Mr. lesse Paton hera cone forward, and acted if t~he meeting wee a public one, to hear both sides of the qucstion. Mr. 3. L. Ha?, who wee rosieiad with cheers and g roans, eald he came forvard to second the resolutios, -and his reason for doing so was because be thought it m?ight poosibly improve the old town with whioh he had hero so long connected. He had heard that cihe proposed entonsion of eke railway would damagp 1ps wirh--(rries of "No, no"), hot ho believed itsocotro 'dcelioo would hore no sock el'ect. [A Voice: "'It rwoold domage the whole colony'."] Let them lockat the soon ase it then wee--the houseso tenantless end the etr~ees erergrown will, grass--and say if there wos not s neressity for eomethsing to ho done. And whet could they do without money P 'What was a million of money ? fcrics of" Ntothing,e" end laugh ter.] The question of railways, he thought, had been s.ettled. A majority of one in che Reuse did not carry thte matter satisfartorily ; aud it wee fee thou 'to take sorb uclion no would show the H]onso how they wished the qouesion ce he seittled. M?r. Joust Pn?rroncw then come forward, and was received with loud and prolonced cheers. He eald he lied paid a recent visit to Brishoce and eudennoournd to speck to a railway meeting. He hod gone on the plotforn, and was received withiloud acclamation until bev so enpressed himself as to show that he was op posed to the Brisbane and Ipawich RailWaycxtenmion; thou they would net hear him at alt. ['Cries of "Are youpoaking to the motion P' " Qorotions," &e-;, by Mr I. 'ulivao and others.) He (Mr. P.) hadl novor hoard Mr. O'Sullivun soaks-so leoin a speech in his lifo as he ]had just dose, nod the remaon was he canoue ho (Mr. O'Susllivan) did not hinmself hehiero in S the Driehano and ipswich ltailway. (Cheers and groat confusion.) The whole qoestion eosald he very easily diaposed of, and he held in his hand an omeod meat on the motion which would answer tho niatter very satisfactorily. It'wus as follows: ""That this meeting, while its favoor of thle eatent aiun of the Southern and Western Rail~way to saws mailable place on the soath-awestern ehore of Morctian DBay, as 000n000 the financial affoirs of this colony war flant ito eoastrsction, lIeo abso every confidenco in thle Government, and approres of Oine noble ostnd they ore, :. mging against indiscriminate aud unrenancrutive , puhlio expendituro." (Tho reading of the amendment was received with land ceesrs,) He woo in favost- of a railway, and woe. noat oshamed to say so, hat if they were to have one it wuost he sue which would carey their produce toa port--not a railway So convoy it to Soath Brisbane, whore they would stiul bs as for off' a port as they wore at present is Ipowich. (Loud cheers and interroptios.) M~r. Wcnnnc? Husessuan: Mr. Choirmao, thsis is not en awendwent upon the resohution-it io a pisee of rincksey Oolead the meeting astaty. (Crieo of " Sit down,' and groans and hisses.) The Cnaeuxne, having reduced the meeting to quiet <" ness, roiled that' Hr. P~ettigrew was quite in ordey. thorn that the making efa'tihiey-wonld osa~e -,ls& colouy £700,000 if carried "tfoitao-epespe dectisation. Thirty-seven milos-of railway to rietoria Point at £80O00 per wile, and £10,000 for jetty, whar~eu, and] termiuus,.would xred'ant in all to £3870,000, the into rent on wlnish would he £22,20. Let them nontraht that~ium with the amsout required to he expended on the river tospoko in navigable. The oust of works ul * eas ?]o 0 £178I?,000 ; the estimato far obtaining * adepthoftwenty-fivefeetofmates- from thohartoLytton ?" was £Bd,000? sad-for thoe awe from Lyttoa to Brio haneo£500,000, amountiag in all-to one million and eighteea handred thousand pounds, to mats Brin bane a ehippiug port. Add in that the annual Inteiret £80,680, and dredging to keep it open £?10,000, and the 'total amount of increaoed taxation to the country would he found to he £70,680, se ogoinot £22,200 for the attaining of a fa more complete and oerviweable work. (C3hoemr.) They could bane that railway from the godold town for £270,000, which would ron direct 8o,42e" Day, whore the largeot ohip in the w~rld nould lay safely most-ed, -for there were fsrty .two Set -of water to ho found near Victoria. Poise. Their friends from ohs Darling Pswna told them that they-.wanted the roilway taken to a shippiasg port; lin b.all mcans let them have it us. (Cheers.) But ' bhe did not senotoofun of making a ruilway sisppy to asloommodate the few interaotod partios who visited 'D]rlshsn&..Hor himself had keen up the line often, aod ho: ? alwa'yc travell]]ed seosud-elaus; and he had never -e -ate$0 anyone travel,. by the first-class, encept members of tho House or of the railway dopart msn%,'sbo travelle by rail free, It was not to.;oust. thp people that Oho railway woe wanted >? ma, no, it was wantod for the ancommodetion of W. H,? Groom and H. B. P~ita, who woold go right bang ..'through to Brishano on theocheap, not deignlag to stop at Ipeweich a singls night on the way. (sad cheers.) " "e Howthod to -prove to their ostisfastion that the rail-* "way extnsonilhey~waated was that which would carry \- Jowoztheir rproduce toa shippitog port. ['Mr. Petit . ]guaw~hroequoted extemnsively from the evidence taken belfore the railway commission regarding tho carriage is! woo,-O nottoti, poeshes battr, polatoaso, timber, he.,' alsko 6m wariousoshipping statistios, all of whieh went to? ]pr that the Briabano and Ipswich railway would owl itubal lbs- th~oqiromante of the eslony.') What. was too use of their going down the river to South "D]risbaae? and puasting their prsduce acroso to North .Briabsoeitheose-down the ricer-to itdedst'ination, when thsey-mOstsis go-straijht to the -shipping in thirty- soene Loes Thore was £t oreat deal-eaid ahont the produce, an4elsbo.nt prieso in. Brishano but what was. tho diDf ewl?y6iig at present P .Itwas not thecostefahifting 'put,.doooirom ,theerailway'to the wbarf, but it wan thtt ..:-Brisbane, Ipswinh, and Toowocmba were hail machete Ibfr-owoor-.prodoetiun. (Ciersn.) •[The .erideooe re dingthoems-eag'e of ?pesoles, potatoes, hotter, and jeInoreV_,rodoce, he., woe thss gone into at -length.) -Ham/sad 'tried .to rensen carefally with them, kd ho liopediilmfiaetorily too. The amendmeont stated that they were in favour of railway extension when the Snanolol elate of tho colony warranted them in go •into it. Dot were thsy ready to go into this eutra debttP (No, iso.) Could they show him a singlo article that * a not taxed,either ofolothing orof foods oxcept flourP T here was nothing but what was heavily taxed, and if * thesy did not feei it direetly, nevertheless the induw rtne til oxioed. They ware told that the railway \- would he the means of impretiug the working elassea, but this ho doubted. They hadhbeard a great deal of the sqiiatihre, an? he would aset what would they do with thsm-2-[A. Voice : '"Tsxthem."J--or rather, he should say, without them? Mc. O'Ssiliean said they gave tlaemselves ibe right to the beot half ef the land. W?here was ho-as member at the time--to let @esm thus eppoimpriste the coyntry p (" Hear, hear,' and l5"5'? 3hteP4.) EdA. lengthy extract from "Poets and Elgquies". was hot-tread, referring to the taxation of -aotleot.wiso would, tot resolve any honeSt, from the ii-lne with the cress roads in such a bud state.) He Jimal to ask thorn whst advastoge thin roil way, woolS iso to a Pooh Mountain or as Ulpprc Zeasbano Rgiver man, but mimply to grind tho pour ;piois?e of. agriculture i~to she dust. These were she. men .who would hove to pay for it while they had thoir P~itugibbnos thoir Brudys, their Franeises, and others? who, by champagne luncheons, brihed the press, \- o that-ohs truth was never known, or how the money waslaviahod about. Thereows noman had a heltorright thmanhimmelftoeoppoeothe present members on personal • grepnds, as too present Government had not used him well, holism would net cot off his nose to spite his face; * hwooldnot allow poeronal matter tototer feewith his honest conriotions of what inns the beet thing for the colsay. (Cheers.) Thio railway question woo kept in .agitation by the G.L.P?. simply for party pnrposes ; \- and- :wht had the people--the farmers--to thank othemefor. Whon the matter of theecotton bonuswoes hefure'tho publis, Mr. Lilley and the G.-L.P. oppooed it., -Ho' (too speaker) was one of those appointed to go-down and enqoire inta ths matter, and the Minie tareah?irked and schemed, and did nothing. So what hafid'hey to think them f'or? (Onie of "Nothing.") Ayo, lens than nothing. (Cheers-) And were they to ho ruled by the people of Drihsbne, as if they ieron the woteo of tho whole colony--this villoge -of Driuhikno, tho presenst, hat not the-foture, capit-al of the eolony. (Cheers.) Why, it was only situated \- hel-way down the creek, in the neighbourhood of '( ae Hollow, midway between the Secenteen-mile ?Roe anmd the mud fiat at E?agle Fatm-s-(laughter) a prett pbsoo to'dielate to tho entire colony. (Cheers.) The leducliun he wonted them to draw was t~hat. Driebone wss net s shipping port; and os wise men let usfiscide that if there were So bs an extension at all it .shbuld be to where they could take all their proues S to the cheapest outlet. (Cheers.) It wus sonsoolco '?? and ahaord to osk the people of the colony to pup the ptiper impslyto gratify. Britaexeopean he hopedi theywoud ersawit himtha atpreentthey did not, want any increaso in taxation, as they did cot, wish to leave their children a burden they would not he abloe tobear, (Loud ohoers.) Mr. Julio' N?oon, in sescooding the amendment, said hb had thought when ho came to the sneering that he ashould meet two ponties, opposed to oath other in the consideration ofithe sabjeet to hediscussed, bnt he was gratified to find fraw the tone of the meeting that they -were all at ons mind upon the main qutation, the only difference being as to whon the proposed cotrn s ios sbould sake place. (Chese-i.) It was a matteref deep regret thut they should he dirided in their inter aste, for neither town nor district could he affected for= good or evil withont Iheir oil feeling it inst- or leos. (Hear, hear.) The objoat for which tlhnt meeting had been convened wan not so much to eonsnlt the inter \- ests of Ipowich and West Moroton as to give a helping hand to a Brishune fnetisn that hsd taken it into their= bends that the railway shtould he entended ot oece to Erisbaae;ond any ?aniunt of reasoning, hsowevor good, was not sufficient to persuade them that it was not nsoes.ary. (Cheers.) The qurotion of neceseity might ho laid nside, inassonehs an the proposed eatennion nine. alongside a na~vigable civic, which, in the present siate. of the colony, wes qoite capable of trsnsmittinogall the gods to and fro for the neat ithy years. (Cheers.) Th quostion was not the earrying apohilities of the rivet- steamers, neither had there bees any attempt •made.to ahow 0-hat the husiness of the interior was or had hsen impeded for want of a railway. There had been an attempt made by the late conmlisoaln to sol~w that if the river truffle could he trenoferred from the river to ths railway at tho eapense of tha country it would peosibly pay the iaterest of tho money expended to Ito couolrrettuo, though not its woeking oxpenses; but it was an part of the work of the faction that w'as getting up the railway eteension eacitemaent to 00a itlt, the matter of profit or loss :titer dii not cure lh,,: lher:i paid or not, so lung as the extension woo eunmpleted toflrisboce, and no forther. (Cheers.) Allttoeglh, torihe purplose of geotting rapport, they proposed ot alteaz,.iol in the North, still if their own purpoae waa aernet thecy wol*,,:'use the nortleeroeaetension. (Hear, tear.) ltsil,,:t ly in their idrea Brisbane was Qoeenohend, and Qareenslond Brisbane. (Hear, Itear.) Tier present proposal was to extend the roihseay to Ileishacer, and theu spend doshlet he unsuunt of the rant of eonstrue. elan in elenereeg the riser hetween hirinhaso and tels Bay. (Hear, hear.) If thtere was a necessity for a railway betwceen Ipawiche nod Brisbane, wIsp, rarely a greater necessity asast saint tar a liar frost Itrishane to thu Say, as tltat was the soarer through which ecery package of goods arrived. Bat tatsa was not a part of the Brishone scheme, and therefore coald not ho thought of. Thec country had decided that she cx teasion wasauntreqaired atthseproeoet time. (Cheers.) There was an appeal to the country on the qssettiaa, and the verdict wass thsat thee people did not require it. The House had also peonounced agoinot it, and now it was tried by an under pressure of anconstitnlioasl means to wrest it from the Government. (Hear, tier.) Ties Goveenment were threatened with a stoppage of sappliesa hut let them try it, and. hte hoped they would, as the haedea woald then fall apon the right shoulders, for he was sure thero was seot a town in Queensland in greater need of GOnernmeat moneys than Brisbane. (Chseers.) The half of ics popslatioo would be insolvent within six weeks after the stoppage -¢m~ip.??!Rt'3t b pn.n~? rc~larequre had ?, tt?.? t o? ? t~ini rpablie literests. Thay Woated 1to- (adace eettlesaent--Lto gitve'the peopli moade, so Cleat when they bad gr'ows a crop they might be attn to bring it tomarket. (Choent.) They wasted to settle those districts throsghs which tels railway already passed a not after the manner of I~beir Warwick, Tsowoomha, and Dathy friends wheo al lowed the whcote cuastry to be feencod in for s'heep walks to each a degree that thters wao scarcely room far a single farmer to settle en alt the land between Toowoamba and Warwick. (ee Hear, hsear,"' and cheers.) Theoy did not want sheep-walks and wire fences, wila mannal labour eneluded. They wonted .1 meetled pipalation ; and he said that the country hlad spent enoaghe son railways at present. (Cheers.) How much mitse would their frieods in else west have been had they narrowly watched their own isetercste, and not placed their taith in a Brisbane faet~ion, and pro vented that vast monopoly of the lando en the Darling Downs l (Cheers.) How much better would Too woomha have fared with" helf-a-milhioa of popauteatn scattered ever those plains, rather than what it was at the present moment--a solitary sheep-walk l This was a very broad qaestion, and much mighet ho said upon it, hot it was assists to waste etce time of tlec meeting. Charity hegan at hamo--firtet he intereste of thsis tean and West letreton, and thea the interesto af the country. (Cheers.) Their interest roeuld he seen at a_ glance. They had no difficulty is getting their produces to ashipping port witheout a railway. (Chesers.) They experienced no delay. They had a market hers far their ;rdadee, and hadasething to do bat dousver their etaff, and got thee mosey, and sell at a bettor prices Clean they could obtain ia Brisbane. They maild ship on their awn aecoant, and they would sen by the enideace of Mr. Qainlan that the freight was paid by the eleip, and they could get an advance uponI it without interest. (Chceer.) Thoy maild not be in a batter position if titers bere a railway up one side of the river and down ties ather. Their greatestI difficulty was in getting their produce to market in consequence of bad roads ;it waa passable roads thej wanted, and not a railway. (Hsar, bane.) Tar thu purpoae of getting the support of the working men, it, was "soaght to prone to them that this railway would gins them ?nnrk, at Pu. per day. This might be possible, hut he hoped they were net to be caught by argamente of that class. (Cheers.) If they allowedI their memories to curry them back, they woald re member Chat when the railway was first constructed labourers eume in by thousands, like swarms of bees I enery' skip was crowded with them from the otherceolo ales, sand they swallowed op eserything, and, like bcunstn, when tbsp had eaten up alt that was tothe had, titey took. their depas late. A~d the asms thing "tould occur thies time, bcause theings la the other coloanies wece~at present very lint, sod thin-c were a great many idle men bath ite Now South Wales and Victoria. (Chbera.) ? Sfdiinoald now cams to what lee considered the incoeseisteney of two gentlemena belonging to tiee Opposition, Messrs. Lilley aud S~ephens. Two years ago they were members of the Mt?inistry e hence the Governor Bluekall steomer. (,Cleoro.) They were ,,ontinually bored by thecir constituents for this rail-. way, bat they told them the country was not yet in a position, financially, to afford it. Baut no sooner had they got sausted from power, and better men were in their placas, than thecy turned round sad hogan to clamour for thes very work which thtey bad said the coantry was not in a position to undertake. (Cheera.) Mse was sorry to say that the colony was sat in a much better coadition now. Why, if there had bees a spark of enterprise in Brisbane, and they believed that this railway would pay handsomely, they would have eon strncted the line long ago by a joint stock company, cad not be now crying to the Gavernment like a grant blubbering schoolboy--" Make us a railway l" (Load checers.) M5r. P. Rome. heere came forward amid loud groans, hisses, and a few cheecro, to object to the cheairman putting the amendment0 which he said was an amend ment at all, hat a trick of ther party bringing it for ward to prevent dieeussien. (Great confusion, and cries f" Sit down," "Who are yau, "We wont allow yoa to speak," &ec.;) The Seast portion of the resolution asked them es reconsider the question of railway ex tension. (flatorrsptio?,and groat diaorder.) Mr. Tuaoee, jon., herse gama forward to ask that the amendment micht Seast be pat, ltut could noathse heard foar the opposition of the speaker, Meters. O'Sullivan, sea. aned jan., Mr. Win. Denine, and the rowdy portion of the meeting, Tthe Catan.atax having restored qutetness, and roled the speaker in order, - Mr. R-TOOL ontinaed that he would insist upon being heard, if he should steand on the platform tilt midnight. They might groan and hies and yell, hue ho would babe hise sy in spite of the men who wars paid by Mr. Benjamin Crihh to oppose Cthe meeting. (Groans, and crica of" COt oh l" and "Put him sat," and great coafusion.) Mr. B. Cacao then came forward amid tremendous cheering, bat was prevented from speakiag by ties objections of Me. Ranlas friends on the platform. Mr. TOOL ugain made several futile attempts to ho heard, bat was interrupted by very load elamouring, and tries from the body of the hull to the apeaaker to sit down again. The Coataton then reasoned the meeting into qnaietneea, and Mr. TOOL proceeded. The amendment had been proposed in a most cowardly and underhand way, and he woald read them their second resolution which the amendment was meant to forestoll. fIt was as follows e-,, That this meeting deems it advisaxhe to urge upon the members for Ipswiche and West MTore. ton the eapediency of usieg all theoir energy by every legitimate means ine causing thso permanent termiaua of the Southern and Western Railway to be carried to deep water on the sleares of Moreton Bay." One of his reasons for supporting ties railway was that it had been snid that the Darting Downs were in the hands nf squatters, and that? railway nannies weold not makeI good setliers;t but let anyone read any heistory of America and son what was the settlemenat along all railways ased canals, and be would see ties differ ence. Now, what would be the effect of currying oat a general roilmay system P If thesre wars not good 'land laws, there would ant to auttlemeat 00 the lands. anea thee railway, for etee nannies could not procure suitable lands for their purpose. Mr. Foote had said that eharity togas at teams ; that they saght to look to Ipswich first aned sheon to the country ; but he said the country fieat, for their interesto and those of the colony were identical, and if it advanced they must go with it. (Checers.)' Thea people of this district had been sold by Mr. Theorn and his cliqae in Iptwich, who opposed tell railsay setoosion, and of courser othere "mmbe.ra then joined in for Ctie northern entension slcteer. All tier depression of thee colony !had been attrihated to thee raitway, and theree were men in Itpswiehe wtho woolh he toned to udeocate tak iag up the rails on she lerearo: hi~e hernose it injared them personally. One adreantage would result from thee Brishane entensiote, and steno would be theat it :would connect tier towsnnewhere sthen mosters of imleoratence were before theem. It was noticing in Brisbane, fur there shecy lend a choice of men if uny was toned objectionahie; buht tere we had none. Ial Brishane thecy could choose men who would sapporta local policy, and at Cthe nanee time go in for other g~ood measures, bat io fIpswiele theree masono ehoirs. Ifties tows soemboers wrere anlied thecy would soon hare a land-tax en men who lead snore than a thsousaud mecca of land. The members of ties Gonerament eared not a straw fur the railway ; thecy would as noon take it to the Guile b ut thecy wanted to keep their party in power. If this bane of coateotiona were settled, they w.ould then be returned on their own merits, and other questions he brought forward to benefit th~e w :hole colony. They talked about farming, but it would bo a croat tiesning if some poor farmers could hove o ehuaco of going narvying, and thus proruro a little money to enable them to curry on their forms. Aga in, they would have tiho town membero pats a good land law, and hselp to settle the people on the lassd, nod thea those snavies would not leans the country. Me did not belicee in bringing in a popala tiott In walk about whith itreic hands in their pockets ; they shtould sure works en employ Item upon. He considered the ameodmeot before the meeting wam not an amendment on sthe motion, but a part of their second renolotion. lie htoped they would not stultify thsemselves by earrying it, an it hsd nothing to do with Itie motion. (Cheero.) After a little interval of confusion, caused by Mr. P. OtSulhivon's getting on Isis feec and speaking to the Chairman, amid cries of "Put the ameedwent," and much deonsnatrstion of eugernese by the extension party to keep the amendment from going is its proper order, t The Cna?.tsatw gut the omeudmnnt, whsieh mm carried by an overwhelming show of hands, amid much cheering, whsies was eontinued for some time. The Cnaaano ?Is avitig declared thin amendment curried, Mr. P. OfSutttnrc' entled for a division of the hotter, which else Mayor refused as being uneolled for, and not necoeding to proctice after a declaration of the feeling of she meeting, mwhich ho said wan most unmietehable, [Gneat cunfusion bore enased, and ths messing seemed to be about to break up, ths question having binn ahorooghty disposed of. About half the people left thelhs11, thoss from the coantrp all tabiog their departore, and the promotrer of the affair aepoared, to be in doubt .whother to proceed any farther or not. After unhandrt onstultatios asmongst the most prominent of the party, they determined to put the semaising reaolutions.J l?e. Woo. HaI?Innuan lthen came ferward and pro posed thse second resolution, as read by Mr. HanI. H?e said Ito agreed to a great extent mitts the argument thattite present seas not thse time for ruilmay eaten sions-tlsut the question was altogether one of finance, and thsat theo circumstances of the country did not warrant the necessary eupenditureo; hut, on tlse otheor huad, a large majority af the people of Queeussland said most emphatinally thtat now was the time to on dertuke these works, as the eondition of she colony might sever ho better for so doing. When thsey eon sidered thes seuely balanced strength of the two parties in the Ansembly, and the determination arrived at by thse Council, backed up so enlhusiastically by the public meetings rerently held at Warwick, Duiby, Tonasoomba, Rorklssmpten, and at Brisbane, thtey must be very ahort-sighsted indeed if they cuatinued to thinb that thaei six members could much longer etstm thse tide of publie opinion.' It man folly'to disguise the fact that sooner or later the railway policy mould ha carried, and it would ho madness in them -s a community, not to look to their necossiteus position at once, and endeavour to avoid the greater of'tbe tarn evils Involved in th6 quintion of the Brisbane and Ipswich Railway. When then Additional Members Dill, which was on the business paper for the present sessions became low, there woold be eight new seats orrupied ih the Assembly, and the fresh blond titus infused into the House would place thse fifteen members forming the minority in a different ponition, and obey mould then indubitably carry the ruilmay question. It would then be ten lute for Ipa wichs to profit by the present politimal situation t for, onre the railway terminus nntabslished at Brisbane, us was at present proposed, they might kid good-bye to the line ever being extended to decop water, andl no sooner would the terminus he stetled at Brisbane than the workshops would be removed thene piece meai; whereas, if the terminus mene erected on the slaores of Moneton Bay, there would he no inclination to remove the workshops. (HKear, hear.) They could stie find fault witha thete members for the vote they gae on the railway debate, as they were pledged at t?heir elsotioss to oppose railway extension, and they -could nut conaisteutiy do otherwise on that oocaeioa bUt matters bud token a turn which wam not antici L ated at election tim~e, and their members should now Leleft fret to vote and ned in whatever way'they con sidered most conducive -to the boet isterests of their -,onstituinto. It wae a very remarkable fact that, w?hile it was'freely admitted on all sides uf the House tisat the northern districts were eastitled to tho exten sion from Weotwood to Expedition Range, not ass of the members was credited by the press for saving advocated the entension of the Southern and Western line from Ipswieh to the shores of Moreton Bay, mwsese there was depth of water for thselargest aships, and whene tlso natural position of the terminus was. (Cheers.) ft man argued that it was unuceesnary to make nail ways alongside navigable rirers. It wmm not htis isten tiont to discuss thsat matter, He merely asked was the river navigable from Ipswicha to the Bay to the extent re?quired by the circumstances of the Southern and Westorn districts of the colony P Tise clearing away of tho obstructions in the river between Briabane and the Bsy had hitiserteo lst more money annually than would, in ton yearo, be sufficient to constructxthe rail way from Ipswich to the Buy. (Cheers.) From as officist return laid on the table of the House she other day, it came to light what an snormous amount of muney had been expendsd at the bar since &epa; ration. It was almost incredible to believe it; hut the ofleial retuens of figures mere reliable fsete us public reoreds, and that report showed that nearly £180,000 Isad been paid from the revenue since sepa ration to obtain as extra depth of fire feet of mater at the bar, the original depth thtere having boon only ten feet. Now, they must bear in mind that thse whole of this money sad been sunk at the mouth of the river, and to make it navigable up to Brisbane for largo seu going vessels drewing twenty-usc feet of water it would be neeessary to doepens the river all the way up to the wharves to a depth of at leant twenty- five feet (pre - suming that tisere wan ton feet of water at all times upi the river), which deepening, if carried out at the rate paid for the extra five feet already obtained attho Bar, mould coal the country £5h0,000, withs dredges ce quired to ho kept constantly at work afterwards at on annual coot of other £10,000 at thse lehst ; then (provided all thsis" money wore sunk in lbs river) Brisbaen mould become a aeayort equal to Melbourne. Ho fancied the people of Brisbane aim thsrough this railway extension poliry veer obscurely. (Cheere.) It seemed to him thsat, instead~of their udvocating tbse lione from their town to Ipswich, they would derive fur more beoefit by adrocuting the formation of a line from Brisheno to the Bay--(loud chseers), which would coat much lens than clearing the river; and then, in that euse, the metropolit would ho a seaport worthy of the name, hut Ipswich would thereby he loft out in the cold, not h~aving the connecting link. The amount poid to Captuin Francis in one item was, he thought, £20,000 for clearing the chuannel and if thin sam mere usultiplied by tea it would make £200,000, which money, if eronomically expended, mould do what he had otated-aluosnt complete the railway from this place to the Bay. Ngotwithstanding all tlse money that had beets sunk in the river, the ob s?tructions to its navigation mere us great as ever. A. few days ago it mao puqblicly notified that, on account of the silting up of mud and sand to a height of six teen inehes in the channel, thu pilots would not con duct up thse river any veosels drawing over a certain dleptha of water ; yet this patehwork policy of wasting money in the river would be continued oil infinitum if the peopie of Brisbane had the doing of it. (Cheers.) On alas other hand, large amounts of money mould be annually saved to the revenue if the terminus were erected at Victoria Boy--(lchere), which wan situated seven miles south of Cleveland Point, passusaing safe! a nrhoragc for the largest ships in any weather, with a depth of water (right up to tha bank) of frem 25 to dO foot, and where the Gvoernment had alienated no land as yet. (Cheers.) Ho eacnestly urged upon the electors for Ipawich and West Moreten to look this diffculty firmly in the face, sad of the two evils choose the least, seeing that railway extensious were inevitable, nad that this policy would ho enacted studs suoner than most of thorn had any idea. (Chseers.) Mr. W. WatonBo seconded the motion to enable him to expreas his honest conoviction that he could not see? stie difference between it asid the stiscndmeist which they ttad carried. (Chores.) The qunstion saemed tubhe whsether they should commence she consstruction of the railway to the Buy at once, or wnit tifi they wror in a position to warrant their doingsuo-fehesire) ; andl it looked very macht to Isis mind like as if a man's wife beasought him to buy her a silk dress, and he, like a wsein man, etudied before doing no whsether lie really could afford it or not. (Chseers.) Now, for his ownt hurt lie thought he would mughtruther wait till lie felt natsured lie nould pay for it. (Cheers.) He was op uosed to else extension toBrisbane, and what be wasted to see shone ecerythsing rlse was payment of members, and then th~eir representhatives mould be erer on theIn grosind, and they would net be bored to death with each cries as than railway question, which mansuiet all orer the colony to thle distorbing of their generalI pec.(hes) He advocated that the colony[ shudwail tisl it had righted itself before it wont into additional measures fur the iuncrease of taxation ;but if they must hos7 the railway at onces, by' all means hove it, aoli he astld alford Use a?dditional taxation, as well as Ihis felloe, even although their present duties stank in the nose of every mae amongst them. (Cheers.) He w~t in for a railway to the Bay ; deep water did no$ mean Brisbane, nor any plane en ibis aids of the Bat although ochesoing ecoondreliem eoold mote isnte tijir midst, end try to throw dust in their eyes, by pro I ilue at the hastings to advocate a railway to " deep~ater." (Load cheers.) He tbought one great argument in favour of the railway was, sthat it would cause lnbour to be in demend, and if they carried it to the &?y there would he the new town re qutred, and poleuty of room would thee he made for the emplnymentiof tradesmen. (Oserer.) Bat Bris bane wesoalways crying out ; ehe wan inevee con~tented; and event the £14%,000 espet aannally anongst her population was slot enoaght to satiufy their greed, and they? still cried out for m-ore. Now, they sh?ould not. always he cryisig out: if they had any spirit they would not urge f,?r G-overnment patronage, hut would snort themselves to maesi a position indepeedently, and in a short time prospority woald abound.-(Cheers.) Mr. B .ePa~now said ho ceold nut see the differ eace is the parties at tho meeting, aud ho was at a loss to know why any littlo animosities shoold exist. amongst thom. tt had boon penned onee and over again that Brisbane would osver ba a port ;and why, if they intended to go ia for an extension of the rai way, should they not do so in a way that would be of permanest benefit to the country. The report of the celebrated] cosamission was as faoe as it could well he, sand many ef~ita stasemeats he could prose false if tiroseperocitted. He orged the people to good-fellow ship, as thoe unsiderotiun of the subject cmlmly and reosonably wuold ho better titan shelving it sltgegther. They had heard a grest deal of the G.L.P., and their lotentionuof obstructing thu business of the coactry but there was no fear of thio, as tho Government would not thus he'treated, neither would the people, who were their masters, allow it. Hie sartainty was in favour of raileay extension whea the proper time ar rived. (Cheers.) Mr. Jonco RUxcoco, in speaking to the question, wished to ha thoroughly understood as net in the least opposing the Government, the members of which were all most unexeeptionable gentlemen. (Cheers.) They wanted the railway to Victoria Point, and they wanted the terminus fined there ; aud they did not want cthe work put off for an indefinite period of time. They wansted employment for labour--(eheers) ;--thsro were as gaod trdeanesme and sneohanics in Ipowich as would he fuhiud is any of the colonies, bat they were shut sot by a few houses who dealt in sserytbisg. (Cheers.) It was all very well for Mr. Sparrow to oppose tha'roilaeay, as he was the agent for a foreign company w~to monopolised the river traffics; and they must remaehaer that of every pound whieht came into ,their pookeh!i8s, of it went out of the colony. It was for sham to~eoide whether thte questioa was to he againi staved off hI) thte benefit of the AiS.N. Company, and a few mo~ppolists. The district of Ipswich and West le os~n had six representatiesm, and yet the people we* eat represented as a whole, hensuse thoir momb? were the representatives of a clique, of which the Dell-street flea was the centre;a and he could tell them that a meetdug had been held there last night for the purpose of opposing that meeting. The present railway was a credit to the colou~y-the: cheapest worked and the safest in the colonies. He arguad that the lines would pay ito ows expenses, and thet the money woold circulate amongat the people t.hat no iacrease of taxation would ho the resolt rather tha reverses; and that Id. per acre tax for alienated lauds woold pay all interest. It remained w.ith the people thomselveo.whether they would have the money laid out, and pubtia woeka initiated. Mr. B. ac~ua here came forward, and denied emphatically that there had bass say meeting in Dell-street hast night, oir that he had atteaded any euch meetiag heIt scorned the idea of aeae aseding, nany one for &orb; an object~ eand ho had never bribed any ons is his life. (Loud chteers.) Thes seeded resohtton was then put and carried. Mr. H. W. Hsmoauvcs. moved the third resolution as follows,: T?ltat t~te'Chairman he requested to eonvey these raaolotions by letter to each oh. the members for Ipswich and West Moreton with the least possible delay." - He en~dorsed the opinions of the previous speakers, and was confident that whether they liked it or not thes railway would go to Brisbane. He was not in favour of it ?oing to Brshnane alcone, hut thought it: should 'run from Ipswich to Brisbase and the hay. TPhey shouhd snake a eomprosnis puso the subject' w-ith? the Brisbane people now, when they had an opportunity, else they would repent it again, when they could sut better themselves. HTe argued that the litnewould pay, on the occasions ef cheap psasueger trips being given to the bay, and referred to nuw industries which thle formation of the lina would opon Mr!?. W,. Unvust meoonded the resolution. M[r. 3. M. TantOrew earns forward amid loud cheering, and said that ho had not intended taking sny sotive part in the flooting, although requested by many of lisi constituents to do so, hot it appeared that if be did not embrace the present opportunity he might not again hare a stance. What be wished to. say was principally with referenee to his own Govern. ment, who had been represented- as afraid to publicly give exporession to their views upon the qoestioa, while the Opposition had doneeso in "Brisbane at the public meetings. One statement in particular which had been made ass of be wished to deny, and that wee that the Government did not intend Is proceed .with ties Elections Bili,--that they hoad pet it at the bottom o~f the list to shelve it. (A voice : "No ens here mede such a statement.") It did not matter, it hnd been made, and be wished to deny it. It was a, well known fact thut the Government of w?hiceh he wan e member did met shift the hustnesn paper , ashad been done by ocher Governments; and besidcs chey" would hove en object ito so doing, no they could tate the boniness in what order they pleascul. (Cheo?'.) He would also roll them that they intended trecrry the bill throoghb-(ceheere)- and that the dhuse containing the writing-tcst would be omitted. (Cheers.) A groat deul bad been sued about thee squstlers, the fencing of rune, the introdoc lion of Coolie luhour, &c.; The lender of the Liberal paney hod suddenly raised tier old ghost of the sqnat tees" ascendancy, which be hnad thought long since laid effectually. (Cheers.) This phantom of class distinction hod F eon revived, nod seemed to stalk about and appear amii aila the subjects in which they were engaged ; and the object was to damage the Govern- ment— no matter by what means— and by so doing try to carry the railway. (Cheers.) But this should not seem strange, as it was always the case in arguing politics that if they could not attack the principle they must assail the man. If they could not attack him on public grounds, they did so personally ; if they found him engaged en some large measure, and wished to disogres with hint they ralled him "little." Tghey mih oto te nghof commending some points bothem, a ndte cull him in a patrenioiag tone "the village attorney." (Cheers.) It ens perfectly ,jtstiflable, and tad a certain effeact. (Cheers.) But they lead met for.husineas, end ho would juntlonk into w.hat they bad done. They had determined in a most decided meanner that thety would corry a railway to the Bay, when ihe finances of the colony permitted them. (Loud cheors, and cries of "A~tooee.") Thecybod in the second place curried a resolution that when thent time did come tho~r memberowould lend aleand to eelot caurried to Victorie Point. (Cheers.l And ho hoped that they would 'unanimously carry the resoluteon new before thtem, to the effect that these resoloeieons be transmitted in v~riting to himself and his colleagues, and he cootd assure them that they would receive them in the first place an a compliment for the action they bad already taken upon the matter, and ab in stroctiane regarding it for the fnture-(chnera) reading the second rcoolutioo in the lighet of the first. They were all furnished with many proverbs, which were vory enpresseve of ertheodox principles, sod one in particular was em eacclleot one, and would suit to illustrate thrir pooition, nod thant eno, "Look hefore you loop," whtich wan the very thing bin Goveenmont was doing. (Cheers.) They did not boy asteamer with enleiche they did one know chat to do-.(ckeero)-they did not make a railway alongside a ouvigoble river, to curry nothing: teloy did out borrow a million of money free:n Ee~glaed, ine addition to three milliona already borrowed, on which they had to puy £200,000 interent anonuolly, with a tpopulation of 100,000 people, whice intereest wouid "'eke all their roads and bridges ot pesenet 'eqoired. They did not propose to estab lislea o ub-neoniee telegraph line to N?ew Zealand to learn tele news nf toe titori war0 ;Ohey did not pro pose to run a sp0cial wait lias by fl.,tavia to ho lande pendeot of the other colonies. (Loud cheers.) These were...•¢~ subjectso of graee common sense, aned most be viewed in like manner. No doubt they as a colony were small now, but they looped to be great by and bye whlen ties 1troi,cr teme arreved. f[fe. O'Sullhrau."e "The humedra s'yetem."J He had bees just now re minded of anothem froitfol subject-the hlamdrum pnolicy as it was termsd---and he would ask them, if they/ had, their choice, whether they would pre f'er the policy of France or that of Germany? whether choose the confideoc, firm dotersoisotion of the German, or the Gotllie daub resultiog is nothing. (Cheers.) Ho woohl hove thbought that the experience of the poet would lease hoesn a stending lesuso for them is fstare. (Cheers.) Thle colooy is ito youth had spent lavishly au a prodigal would, and was now suffering, hot reconering slowly. Thislesion, however, seemed to have been throws sway. Some of them still tbought there woe some of the fortune left, aod west in for usether spree, forgetting that the day of reckoning mast come,anud that they should then fool the effects more severely than new. Certainly he must udmit that it would be a nice thing to have the money apent amongst them, and as far as he woo per sonally concerned he would profit by it, for where there was money going the lawyer generally got his share oh it---Oaaglter)?-hut theenhis personal and pti vote intereacseweold notallow him to cloee hisecaeto thle prudeotial motives ef thiecolony. (Loud cheers.) It was certain that if thisemill ion of money were horrowed they w .onld have to paythie intereet eren should posterity pay the debt, as some argaed, sod be thonghat they could net beer as increase of taooties. [A Voice e "Give on free losd."J The land woe their mainstay, and there had been enough of it gives away already. (C?heers.) But he woe not biesself responsible for tbat, nor was he aware that any member of the present Goveromeot w =as responsible either. (Cheers.) Me did not think there was much more he could add anything thut bad bees said of himself had been "rather fluttering than ottoerweise, and lie needed to make no defence; hout thin time to refer to a member personallty woe wheen he was before the people for eleotison-(cheera).--und he did bold that a man's private character wao gee mzain to the question of his fitness for pablic employ m?ent. About the threat of the Oppnsitien to impede bosiness, and the members all rising and going oat of the Moose, it wao certainly very amosing, end mm minded him of a lot of children pleying, and when they could not have their own way the one half wemet away is diegost syayig that they would not play any more. (Cheers.) They remembered the adage--"He that fightso and runs away," die. He thanked them for their hearing, and thought the question might he left in their hands, seeing that they hod determined to have the railway when the finances of the colony would warrant it, (Lead cheers.) Mr. GnOme, being called upon hy a few on the platform, came fordard amid mingled groans, hissee, and eheers, and atated that hip object in being preneot assa deputation was to hmar the viesw of the people oei the question. Me complimented. Mr. Thompson son his off.nial capacit.y, sod the people en their sound sense on the question, amid their readiness to hear both sides. His constituents did net mind, so that they had a railway, whether it was taken to Brishane or to the Bay. T£he third resolution woo then put and carried usa nimoussly, and the proceedings were concluded, at a quarter to 12 o'clock, hy a vote of thanks to the Mayer for presiding. 