-COHRISTMAS EVE IN A BELFRY. BY-LITCHFIELD MOSELY. A POPULAR READING OF MR J. M. EEL LEW'S.) WE were a merry party at Merton Grange, Somersetshire, on Christmas.Eve -I forget the date, but it must be twenty years ago, at the very least. Uncle George, as we always called him, was a thorough spetimen of an English gentle man of the old school--genial, warm hearted, and hospitable. '"rideed, the -,greatest pleasure of his life seemed to con sist-in making other people happy. On that Christmas Eve, the oaken par lour at the Grange presented its usual festive pppearanee. :A huge wood fire -blazed on the hearth-not that it was wanted, for the weather was almost as w.arm as June, but simply because the season demanded it; the spacious room was festooned with holly and evergreen; from a massive beam in the centre drooped a mighty bough of mistletoe; and the richly carved walnutwood siideboard ac tually creaked neneath theweight of good cheer it bore. For Christmas was always kept by;Uncle George in .jovial English :1fashon. I may as well say at once that my name ris Willis Trotman ; and, at that time, I w?as a rising young barrister, vegetating -in grimy chambers in the delightful lo caility of Verulam-buildings, Gray's Inn.. Uncle George was a widower, with three daughters. . Emily, the eldest, was engaged to Jack Bates, of Merton Abbey; Charlotte, the second, disengaged, offieia ted aslier father's housekeeper; and'Polly, the youngest, also disengaged-a little, merry-eyed, faiihaired,saucy girl of eight ,teen, who was an especial favourite of m~iine; and who delighted in teasing me w'henever an opportunity offered. Bless 'hier heart! She married an officer after all, and went to the East Indies, where "climate soon spoiled her pretty face; so they told me afterwards. But I can al ways see her as she was then ; and I shall love her to my dying day. " Polly," said I, as we sat down at" the end of one of the dances, "how quiet so?e peopler are to-night! I'll wager a dozen paurs of gloves I can guess what you're thinking about." ." Some people are wonderfully clever, no'doubt," she replied. "Pray what am 7 thinking about, Mr Impertinence I" !' You're wondering how man y times you'll be kissed under that misteltoe to night." ".You're an. impudent boy, Willis. W?Vhatever made yqu think of such a thing? " Your own bright eyes, Polly," I whispered. If you talk like that, I'll never for give you," she said, smilingly, as she tripped away. V Whew I how tremendously hot it is," said Uncle George, wiping his forhead with his handerchief, after going through some extraordinary evolutions in the dlancing line. "Christmas Eve I Why, I declare it hot enough for July. Willis, may I trouble you to throw open the lawn door a littly way, and let us have a breath of fresh air I" I did as I was told, and somehow-ac Acidentally no doubt---on sittingdown again I found Polly by my side. '! Here you are again then." I whis pered. " What a terrible tease you are, Wills. I, didn't notice you were near me, or I avould have kept on the other side of the roomn." " In what way has this unfortunate in dividual offended you 3" I asked. "Never mind, sir! I am very much offended." '" How do you look when you're of fended, Polly 1" "Willis, you're an intolerable nuisance -to-night-you are, indeed ! But isn't it" .warm here 8" "' Warm I It's hot enough to bake one. What do you say to a minute or two's turn round the garden I" ." I should like it above all things," she replied. "Very well. Throw that shawl over your shoulders, and, the next move that takes place, we can slip out unobserved." In a short time the opportunity offered, and no one noticed our disappearance. " What a delightful night it is I" said F. Polly, as we sauntered leisurely down the •garden. '"'.Look at that lovely moon isn't St beautiful I" " Delightful l" 1 replied. "It reminds me of some lines I read somewhere, some ·time ago, written by somebody or other. Let me see, they're something like this I "'hen the ,pale orbor Dian shines over the sea, When nature's reposing,:reposing, reposing What an idiot §I am! I forget what comes next ;ibut I know the line ends with thee, or lie, or she, or be or some thing.' , " ousin, .you're very poetical to-night; but whenyou commence a quotation, you ought to be able to finish it. I don't feel at all cold, do you 1" "Not at all, Polly. For my part, I think it vastly preferable to indoors." " So do I," she replied. Believe me, it's a dangerous thing for a young man to be waldking along with a pretty cousin by moonlight on Christmas Eve. By this time we had reached, the wicklet-gate that opened into the little churchyard, adjoining the grounds of the Grange. "Shall we stroll round the old church before we return, Polly 1'" "I should like to, very much. .But perhaps we should be missed; and what ever would pepple .say! " " I don't.care what anybody says," I replied.. "I don't care for anything but you, dear Poll I" .The moon was taking effect. " Willis I don't be so absurd, or I'll go back at once 1" " Don't be angry with me Polly. It's the moon's fault. .The moon is to blame for it all I'" "So I should .imagine," she. replied coolly. "Sorry that I have been the means of subjecting you to its influence." As we passed 'by, I noticed that.the door of the church tower stood ajar.. The bell-ringers had been there that morning, and had, no digubt, forgotten.to close ;it. So L..opened it a .little way, and,peeped in. "Polly," I said, " there's no one 'here. Would'nt it be capital-fun to. run up the belfry steps, and see how the village looks from the top of the tower to-night 1 . The moon will give sufficient light through the loopholes for us to find our way up the stairs." "-How delightfully romantic . What a charming adventurefor ChristmasEve!" she exclaimed. ' .... : : "Are you sure you'll not be'frightened dear?" - " Frightened ! .What'atl I'-:don't be lieve in the supernatural, Willis," she replied, like the courageous little girl-thas she was. . "But perhaps. you'll catch: cold'?" " I'm not afraid:of that either.> :I'n as warm as a toast. Come along, Willis.": And slie began to:-ascend the tower. Half- way up, we: came to an : iron.bounid door, which, luckely for: is, was also openi, or it would have :arrested our' pro-? gress. .. "I say, -Willis!:. Whatever' would people: thitik of, :us: if ;they1could) see us now.'" :, she cried,:as .we stopped forimo ment to rest and take breath. .i ,Flap . l::flap I' flap-:- :" Tuwhoo! to-' whool? tu-whoo "!' And a': large! owl flew past us;, evidently disturbed -by our intrusion. : ' Oh, :Willis, whatever was that' " she said, seizing me by the arni. "Only an owl, dear." . " Is that all ? How .the :horrid thing frightened me !" 'eI thought that you were 'never frigh' tened, Polly." "Not by the supernatural,"' -she' re plied. "But owlsdo not come under that category." Afew steps more, and we had reached the summit, and were standing just beneath the bells. "Oh, Willis-Willis ! The view from here is enough to make one poetical !" she cried, clapping her hands. " I had no idea that it was half so beautiful. Look at the lights in the village-look at the Orange - look at the shadows on the blinds ! I wonder if they've missed us yet." Just then there came a sudden guest of wind, followed by a loud bang. " Whatever was that, Willis 1" I guessed its meaning immediately, and hurried down the stairs, to find that the middle door had blown to, and that we were securely fastened in. Here was a pretty position to be placed in ! Laugh as much as you please, but how would you like to be shut up in the belfry of an old Norman church tower just before midnight on Christmas Eve I "Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! What are we to do now I Whatever will become of us 1" said Polly. " Be calm, dearest-compose yourself. Our case is not utterly hopeless after all. I have a box of fuzees in my pocket. I'll light them one by one, and throw out signals of distress." " But there's nobody about to seethem,;' she returned. "'Oh, suppose we have to stay here all night/. It's not 12 o'clock yet, and the moon will go down soon, and it will be eight hours before daylight." "Polly r' I said, quietly. S"Oh, don't waste time talking to me, if you please. Oh, why did you bring me up,here? Ch whatever will become of us! Even if we're missed, nobody will ever think of looking up hear. for us. Oh, Willis-Willis! do do something ! Can't you tear our pocket handkerchiefs into strips, and tie the pieces together, and let yourself down? I'm sure if I were a man Iwould."' "I fear, Polly, that our handkerchiefs are not sufficiently strong to bear my weight," I answered, smiling. But, if the worst come to the worst, I suppose we shall have to pull one of the bells." "Oh, you musn't do that-it would alarm the whole village. And what would people say ? Please don't laugh, Willis! I'm getting so cold ! I begin to shiver all over. I'm sure, if we have to stay here, I shall die before morning." "Never miid,:derrest, I'll not desert you; at least we'll die together," I said, in o'der to keep up her spirits, but.be ginning to feel very uncomfortable my self; for although the air was scarcely perceptible outside, it swept through that horrible belfry with almost force enough to cut off one's ear. "A-tishyul a-tishyu! I'm catching an awful cold,.Willis! Ican feel it coming on," she said, after a pause. - "Here's a nice :warm corner," I answered; . "Crouch down in this reoess.,whie I ,reconnoitre. Tike the fuzees,light them one by one, and you .can'-warm your hands over them,' I added, tying my white handkerchief over her head as, I spoke.. ' ' "Don't let me rob' you,Willis. I'm sure you want it 'ihore than i'dbo. I liavr my shawl." "Never mind me, Polly. I'm more used to this sort of thing than you are." " Used to being locked up in belfries all night ?" she inquired, laughing for the first time since our imprisonment. " Not exactly," I answered. ' But listen.! 'Don't.you hear voices 1" " Of course I do," she said, jumping up. "Oh, how fortunate for us I Its the bell ringers ! Don't you know its the .custom at Merton to ring the bells on Christmas Eve 1" " Thank goodness I then we shall soon be deliveredfrom our captivity," dLsaid. As I spoke the bells began to swing slowly backwards and forwards-ding, dong! ding! ding! clash ! clang I 'ding, dong I I could hear the voices of the hellringers beneath, so I ran down the steps, and shouted loudly for assistance; but the bells destroyed the sound. " Hallo there! hallo I help !" 1 cried, making at the same time a vigorous on slaught on the old oaken door with my knuckles, until at last the bells stopped. " Hallo there I hallo I Giles Stubbins I Hallo there I" Stuibbins I knew to be the seiior bell ringer's name. " Mussy .on us ! wa-at be_ that ?": I heard the old man ask. his companion. "Didn't yeihear. zoomat "?;. "Noa, I heerd nought," ,was the reply; and :again. I shouted and rattled at the ,door.. ,Didn't ye hear ought then,bDaavid 1?" asked Stubbins. , ."`? Aye idid 1! ! heerd a screechin',loike: and a? ratlin' o'erhead... Giles ; Giles I tak': my word :for 'uin, it -be :a ighoast,I Ar'n't.ye ne'r heerd tell how this plaice be haunted.. Coom awaay, man, ,coom awaay !" ".Lord, preserve us all!". returned Giles. Ye. maake allmy teeth ,chatter in myhead" "Eh, Giles! Giles,! coom awany, man -coom awaay I've seen 'un-i'.ve seen 'un d . " S Seen. whlat ?" " Why, the ghoast ! I seed'un put 'un's hiead out o' belfry. window just now, all whoite loike! I never, seed nought so horrible afore! It looked for all the world loike a skeleton in a wlhoite sheet, with sparks o' fire flashin' from 'un's eyes; aye, they wor' real sparks, too. There be one on 'em now l" This was one of the fuzees ; and he had evidently seen poor Polly in her white dress, with my hauldkerchief over her head. " Doan't run awaay, Daavid, wi'out me! Doan't leave me here alone, ye coward doan't I" cried Giles; and away trotted the two old men towards the village, leaving their lanterns behind them, and shouting loudly "A ghoast ! a ghoast ! a ghoast !" " We're in a worse mess now than ever dear Polly," I said, as I returned to her. " Those two old idiots have taken yor for a ghost, and they'll raise the village." " Oh, dear ! What will become of us? What are we to do i" she answered. "Face it out bravely," I said, as, seiz= ing a rope, I began to ring one of the bells. Ding, dong! ding, dong! ding, dong! "Whatever are you doing, Willis ?" "Sounding the tocsin, Polly- ringing the alarm bell. Go back into that recess and muffle yourself up as well as you can. Ding, dong ! ding, dong ! " The garrison is waking, see." Ding dong I ding dong And, looking through the loophole, 1 saw. lanterns flitting about in the garden of the Grange, and I could hear voices shout ing at a distance. " In a few minutes reinforcements will arrive, the citadel will be stormed, and we shall be restored to our anxious fiends." •' Oh, Willis, what a disturbance we are making ! And what will papa say ? This adventure will be the talk of the village for years, and I shall be ashamed to show my face in it again." "Uncle George will only laugh at the joke," I rejoined; "and as to being ashamed to show your face in the village come to London with me and be my own dear little wife I" And I flung myself on the cold stone floor of that abominable belfry. " Polly, Iadore you,Polly I am your devoted slave. One little word from you will make me one of the happiest of men." "Sir, I am ashamed of you. -This is not the time for such nonsense." "Polly, do you consider my love non sense ? Listen to me for a moment. Refuse me, and I'll do something des perate ! I'lI throw up the law, and enlist as a common soldier! I'll-I'll-"? :' Hark I"' she cried. There was a roar of many voices be neath, and looking down, I saw a crowd of villagers armed with rakes, hoes, spades shovels, and pitchforks. Presently I heard the voice of Uncle George say "A ghost, eh i Don't believe a word of it. What cock-and-bull story is all this-eh ? A sovereign for the first man that goes up the belfry." "I don't want your money zquire; and I bean't vrightened of ghoasts-zo here goes," said Abraham White, one of Uucle? George's men. "Tak' care, Abraham, tak' care, tak, th' pitchfork wi' ye. Mayhap the ghost *may do ye zum 'arm,". said a woman's voice. " Tak' th' pitchfork, and then ye can gie th' ghost a crack o'er the-head Wi' 'un." "' Come along, my lads, it's all fancy !" cried Uncle George. "It's my belief there's nothiug there." In order' to convince him Iga e th rope another vigorous pull. " Whew I That's strange I" he cried. "That bell didn't ring itself Follow me, lads." "Aye, aye, sir," was the reply. Then I heard him mount the steps, and rattle the wooden door. " Who's there 1" he shouted. Something prompted me to have ajoke at his expense ; so, in reply, I gave a long loud howl, something between a yell and a shriek-an accomplishment I had learned at school. Away scudded Uncle George, five steps at a time, followed by his supporters. "'By Jovel No mortal made that sound I'll wager I" I heard him say. And again I tugged at the bell. Ding, dong ! ding dong I ding, dong ! "Ten pounds to., the man who bbreaks open the door," said Uncle George. -Gi' us hold o' your zhovel,,Jacob. Ghost or no ghost,: I'll zoon have 'uii out,"' said'Abraham White. " That's right, my.,lad; I like your pluck," shouted my. uncle. ' Pon my word, this matter is getting ,very interest .And, immediately afterwar ds,tl, door was attacked with heavy blows bjr the besiegers . . Somewhat fearfulof the result, I whis pered to Polly- i ' " "Retire upstairs a few steps, while I capitulate." 'For, the the truth was, I was afraild that the first man' who entered, if' he caught sight of her white dress might brain her, with his shovel. Seeing that she was out of danger I shouted - " Hallo there! What are, you making all that noise about; eh ?" "Why that's Willis's voice !" exclaimed Uncle' George. " Of course it is uncle ; and there's some body else here as well." The door at this moment gave way, dis ;covering Polly' and myself. "'Oh, papa, dear, don't be angry !" she cried "Angry! What have I' got to be angry for,-eh ? But how on earth -did you get up there ?- : Come,: tell me all°'about; it. Why, what's that you're wrapped up in 1 Ha?=ha; ha !. 'You're a beauty now, and no mistake !" Poor Polly certainly did cut:rather a queer figure, as she was enveloped in. a dirty old sack that we had discovered in a corner of the belfry; -and her hands face, and dress wore smothered with thiek black dust. "Ha, ha, ha ! My dear, it's aashame to laugh at you but I really :can't help it. Bless me ! how cold you are ! Come wrap yourself up in my coat, and we'll go in doors at once." In a few moments I had explained the whole affair to Uncle George's satisfaction and I never heard a man .,laughn more heartily.. "Well, friends,'. he said, turning to the villigers, " you see there was no ghost after all. So come up to the' Grange and have something to 'warm you, before you go home again." "Three cheers for the squire and Miss Mary, and long life and a merry Christ mas to 'em !" was the reply. " And now, David and Giles," cried my uncle, addressing the bellringers, " pull away with a will, and ring out a merry Christmas peal on the grand old bells; and let us hope that no worse ghosts than these will ever be seen in Melton belfry on Christmas Eve." I repeated my offer to Polly the very next day; and what do you think was her reply ? " I'll give you your answer, Sir, the next time we are locked up together' on Christmas Eve in a belfry " ' ASM.ARTRETORT.-Lawyers who adopt the bullying and brewbeatinr line to wards witnesses do not alway %ave it all their own way. The Kyneton Guardian mentions that, "During the progress of a case in the Kyneton Police Court, on Friday, Mr Samuel asked a witness how many lies he thought it possible for one man to tell in one day. 'That,' replied the witness, amidst a burst of laughter from every one in the Court, ' is a ques tion which no one is competent to answer as yourself.' Mr Samuel asked the Bench to commit the witness, but the Bench didn't." NEW SOUTH WALES AT THE LONDON EXHImNTrox.-The Home News says:--: Mr Sedwick Cowper, the Secretary to the Commissioners of New South Wales, has proved himself worthy of the confidence that has for the second time been placed in him. There are in the regulations of the Exhibition no end of technical ob jections against doing reasonable things in a simple manner. Doubtless there are good reasons for this; but they are not apparent on the surface of affairs. Whether right or wrong however, Mr Cowper had little consideration for rules and regulations as rigidly interpreted. Finding himself excluded or likely to be excluded from the Exhibition itself he applied and obtained an exhibition of his own and New South Wales has the honour of being represented in the London Ex hibition of 1871, as prominently if not as fully as the most important country in the world. Ho?r.owAr'sPtc.s.-BillioeusHeadache and Depres sion of Spirits.-Whenever' there is any excess of bile, or when that secretion does not naturally pass from the liver, it enters the circulation, vitiates the blood, and gives rise to headache, sickness, weariness and depression of epirite. The evil is readily cor rected by a tew doses of these pills, which work a speedy cure without creating nausea or weakening the stomsae?-consequences too frequently entailed by the administration of purgatives. Holloway's pilTle eimultaneously purify and strengthen. They improve the appetite, cleanse the palate, and invigorate the stomanob. The pills act, as the most successful al teratlives, effecting a silent but certain chauge for the better in every organ which has become disordered either through luxurious living or other causes. 