MISCELLANY. A FOKD father residing temporarily .in Washington lately brought his two daughters, as pre sents after a trip to New York, seventeen eilk dresses *nd four blonde wigs of various shades. THEY say that the wind blows with such frxce in Colorado, tbat when a sum loeea his hathe has to telegraph to the next station to the leeward to have it stopped." A LITTLE Boston girl joyfully assured her another, the other day, that »ne had found oat when they malts-hones-the had. seen a mania the shop Just finishing'one of them, for he was nailing on iiii ? last foot > . Ah'exchange says "there is a lady at a oertain waterfflK-pl&oe-who; always takes a three hoars' row bt fore breakfast, and then don't she eatT la there "only-one lady in-the land who enjoys her breakfisst the more/or athree hoars'jow ?. Answer, husbands, ; THE prohibitionists of Boston Highlands have,had their minds immensely relieved by the death of Mr.. James Rogers, who ha* persisted in udng alcoholic stimnlante for .102 yean. They're been telling him all along that it would kill himi sootier or later. WHY are woinen like churches? Firstly, because there is no living without one ; secondly, be muse thereis manyaspire to 'them; thirdly, because tltey- are objicts of adoration ; and lastly, but tyno mepns leastly, because they have a loud clapper in tneir upper story. I -A:Saba'K>GA btlle IS described by John G San; id a letter to the Albany "Journal, "asapootical selection .***, *' Haik to the music of her borrowed tone; \- Olmi'w the blnsh tbat purchase makea tier own; Bee the sweet smile that sheds its rays; . Falie as the bosom where her diamondaDlaze.", A LITTLE four-year-old, living just oat:of CfcV Xorfc, was spying the Lord's prayer at hit - .mothers knee. After he bad finished, ahe said to him, " Now, Sandy, ask God to make you a good boy The bby hesitated, grew thoughtful, and, after a few minutes,' looked up and whiroered, ?*' It's no usew mamma-He won't do it, 1 tell you; I've asked Him evtr so many times." , A LITTLE thing in a Sabbath school was asked by ber "teacher «' if sbei always said her prayers night&ndmorning;" "JJo, Miss,I don't" "Why, Maryi Axe you not afraid $o go to aleep in the dark, without asking 6od to take care of you, aod watoh you till morning f" " No, Miss, I ain't-'cause 1 sleep in thejnjddle." .. yV^Etf tb@ Hon. Mrs. Norton was applied to, on Hood's death, for* contribution to this fund then raised for bis destitute widow, and headedIjyfllr Bobert. Peel with fte munificent donation of £5Q, she promptly . sent a liberal subscription, with the following lines : ' To cheer the widow's heart in hbr distress,: Isbul a Christian's duty, and uoD^iould ; Rtslrt the heart-appeal of Willow Hood HOW TO Qcaerel 'WITH A WIFE -Wail until she is at her toilet preparatory to going put. She will be sure to ask you if her bonnet is straight. Remark that the lives of nint-tenths -of the "Women are passed in thinking whether their bonnets 'are : straight; .and wind up with the remark that you never knew but one who bad common sense about her. Jfflfe will htk youwhothat was, You! with-'a sigh, reply: "Ah! never mind." Wife will ask youtrbv you did not miatVy her. Ton say, abstractedly " Ah! why, indeed?" ' The olfmax 1s reaohed by this lime, and a regular row le sure to follow. ! A GOOD JExample.-Tb^Piincesa Mary and the Fiiooe of Terkbave inaugurated in England a hew scheme for Baving young girls from * life of vide. fThe plan is to pro vide -oountry bonus ,for little girls-girls who can' be takenuioharge youngenough to oe brought up in a manner totallydiifersnt from that which w^uld. haveibeen their, lot . h&d; thsy bpen left uncared jfor. Sixteen cottages are to be^reoted, eafth tooontainjteh children, on *hree«ores^ of,grosad, given by ihe Hon. Kiss. Caveadi*b, at Addleetone, in a remote nook of Surny In .honour at the founder it is proposed to name the MW;iwttUuUou: "The Princess Gary's[\Til lage fiomeit for Little Girls." The cottages will jooat about l,&00dol. eaoh, and the whole of the little oolony will be under the chance Of a matron. I AtJOTHEB -Tbe Sibten of St-John, in {the City of Washington, *re largely composed of yquog ndety.ladies, ..whfl leave the world, for a month kt a time to liveln aheepttalandnarwtneiJck oUUrai of *«ttfs pobt.Mtm.'Ciemmu Am?» «ysI saw one, the daughter or a distinguished officer, is ahe emerged,' last sjiing, worn by d»v« and Bights of wa'ebing and nursing. but with a liglit in her eyes which belongs to tl e saints ' My hah} did nut die,' she raid; ' tbat is pay enough' And she pot on onde more ihe rich robe of tbe world, aiid went 'to receive1 in her lather's liouee " ANECDOTE OF ROTHSCHILD -Baron James defioUiScbiKl, dttritg tbe Communis pefiyd in Paris, wag one moriiing «eated:tn hf« caWoet, when two fellows from the faubourgs, armed to tbe teeth, ' entered aiid adted. W be shown into citizen Botlifcliili " Gentlemen," *aid he, " what MB I do for jonf ' "Well, tbis'ls -what Ve have got to say. You have millions of money, and the people want . bread; en y» u must shara, or, if not--' ? VJJbare ? Very well. How many aie yon. In Fiance f * " foihaps SOmilUohs." .. And Sow much money do ybnstfppose I iiaveT" " Pay :)60 million*." ; V Well,ib^n, among 80;m'llion' that makes five franca, a bead. . Xpu are two Here are ten franc* 'for you, and flotv "we an quits.''. Tbe men were BO confounded by tbe argument, and by the rapidity with wjiich; tbe wheels incident cccurred, that they took this money and disappeared. WOBBE THAN SAM WELLEB -"William Brook, who nuideyou ?'' William, who was etmsidered a fool, screwed op bia face, and looking thougbtfql and aomewbat bewildered, ? replied- '.jfues, I s'poee." .'That trill do."'said Counsellor Gray, addressing the ootut; «. the witness says he a opposes MoMsmadeiiim. I . submit ibat is not sufficient to enable him to besworn as a witness capable of giving evidence." "Sister Judge," said tbe foo!, " may I «i the lart-yer an nee tiofi ? " "Certainly," Baid the judge., " W«ll, )ihen, Hitter Law; er, wbp d'ye s'pose made you ?. '* *' Aaron, I s'pose," said Mr. Gray, *imitatinglhe witnfw.-1 'After the mirth bad somewhat subsided, the wibiesrdfawled put-" Vail, nerow,. we do read in tbe bopk thtt Aaion Once made a calf, bjit who'd a thought the darned critt er'd got in here ! '* The judge ordered tbe witness ,tp;be,sworn,. , i WE ABB SEVEN.- -Minnesota has a family of seven noble daughters, such as few other sti es can match. 'The ^3t. Paul "Press" says of tbe girls "Living uear Cokato, in. Meeker County, is a man named John M Kenney, who is blessed witha family of seven daughters, or was, until death relieved one of them a few months sinoe. M'Kenney has been aa invalid for many years past, and bis sole reliance has been upon his daughters. TTe don't know that fither of them can play the piano, or wear tbe' Grecian bend,' but within the past five years they have, with their own bands, cleared 40 acres of solid ban! 'wood timber land, fenced it, and brought It ufcderfen ad mirable state of cultivation, and are still doing all the ' work pertaining to the farm, except cutting the hay and grain. This portion of tbe work they hire done, oaring for tbe crop as soon as cut. -During the week they disss in costumes becoming their laboprs, while on the Lord's day they wear tbe apparel of ladies, as they truly are They are a 'cultivated,' aad a Christian family.'' SI DID YOUR STOPS.-There was once a Dublin theatrical amateur who was said : to have remarkable original power, and to have shed new light on obscure passages. Charles Kean-either truthfully or out of a wicked prejudice actinst amateurs-once gave an ins'anceof this " neivU^ht." an emendation -of "Hamlet." in a passage where Hamlet saje that the devil baa power To assume a pleasing shape; yea, and perhaps, Out of my weakness and my melancholy ? (As he is very poteut with much spirits) > Abuses me todamn me I Whereupon the original genius here proceeded to " shed" as follows c . Out of my weakness and my melancholy (As he,is xery potent with such, spirits) Abuses me, too-damn me ! This will remind -many intelligent students' of the literature of quotation ii . mother Shakipetiaa-enian dati 11, which was actually printed in one of the pi incipal New Tork dailies in its verbatim'report of the speech of «n eminent member of Oongrees:- ' , Jihtre's a di »ini(y that shapes our ends xoagb, Hew them how he wilL V" '. How THET'ABE MADE UP."-The following catalogue of the falsities of a fashionable Mile «n the promenade-appears in Mr Editar Crofatt's capital "Table Talk' of tie Chicago '* Evening Post"-; Anon the changes of the walk reveal Thepatent instep «nd;the patent-heel; The patent panier rousd9 the form diving ' Its paterit arch eapports a patent spines, Lends matchless symmetry, -and stylish _g lit, - And bears the label, " Patent-'68." . Behold the plaintive glance of languid^eyes . The penci fled lashes flutter as she sighafv . And lifts her crayon eyebrows in surprise. She shakes her head-four pecks of vagrapt hair Ply like a hop yard 5n the August air y ? And twenty grim ghosts whisper her atid^ "Dew sylph! we wore that wig before, wp died;" To Vhiom respondeth unabashed the beauty, - " Get oat, yon spooks! I gaess I knowlnyjat \ !" The garish gas her patent charms revealing,' Her bosom heaves with ootton-batting Tiling; Her false tet th gnash with gutta percha ire: _ Her blue eyes flash with fabricated 6re, She drops her patent chignon in a chair Then jumps to pick it up But I forbear. . . Db. MANBKTI -The late Dean Uansel was not without some kern perception of the humourous, and wanted not the readiness to display this faculty. Some timeainoe be was conducting a sniall party round the cathedral, when some one remarked upon the absenoe of Christian monuments as distinguished from such as might auitably grace a pagan temple, and, pointing to a figure of Neptune armed with biatrident, laid u" How can that bei a Christian monument!' " It set me," said the desn, "to be one of Todentine tfieology." WheQ, *ome years ainc@, the question arose at Oxford of altering'the fees for ad eundem degrees rem Trinity College, .Dublin, Dr. Mansel settled the qoettion by tbe foliowlng neat epignuu " When Alma Mater her kind heart enlarges. Charges ber graduates, graduates her charges, What safer role can guide tbe aooountant's pen Than that of doubling fees to Dublin men i" And when on one occasion a country parson cpme up to take out the degree of D.D. by the process known . aa.that of npoumntafinn, when the kLA., .to obtain a higher degree at once, -writes a double essay, Mansel wrote: '? When Bustions. fttun Wateicreases, Comes to Oxford with his thesis, Is it safe to give the hood away "Wtien an AfiS writes S8A?" WHAT THE Hebbevtb KNEW OF Fabming. "A Village Parson" has been gi^ng. attention to this topic, and publishes the results of bis researchin'tne '* Willamette Farmi r," Salem, Oregon: In .bis laws Moses made agriculture the basis of .the state. Acoarding t» this principle he apportioned to every citizen a certain portion of land, marked by fixed boundaries. Land-grabbing specula tions were prevented by thelaw, which requimdAlllands in the commonwealth to revert to the heirs of the original owntrs on the jubilee year. The occupation of the (aimer was held in honour from being (has protected by tbe fundamental law of the state None were so rich or noble as to disdain to put tbeir hand to the plough.-1 Kings six, 10; 2Cbron.,xxvt, 10.Various meauB were resorted to by the Hebrews to increase the .fertility of their soil. The stones were gathered and built into walls, water was brought in aqueducts from great distances, and mmy klndi of manure were used. The hillB were terraced to the very tops and planted with vineyards and gardens. They culaVated wheat, barley, millet, beanB, and perhaps rice.-Isa. xxviii., 25. In agricultural Implements the Hebrews were not BO -far behind tbe present age as we are prone to think. Ihaiab lived 700 } ears before Cbrist, yet in his day iron ploughs were in ute, for be prophesied .of the time when swords should be - Uirasd to - plobghshares and spears to prunlng- hooks. This passage shows, too, <bat they had Instruments'forpnitilnfe viae* &6d trees, ite animals wed In ploughing were cattle and donkey. Hones werfe cot in' common uss among the Hebrews. Tbe< rigiral method of harvesting grain w*s td pull tip' ty tbe tvote, but eicklei were used among tbe. Hebrews from tbe time of Joshua Harvest among tlu m was a' time of 'rtjoicinK, cheerfttl songs being heatd in every field. Threthiog waa eCfoeted by flails, the feet of animals,' or by draga ^orinilera: Vine ; ards ard olive gioves Wei e extensively and Sarefully cultivated. Culinaiy plants and fruit U eel waci among .tbe first objects .of attention Palestine was said io flow with milkand iohey.>'-SeetiWgtty es te«ned. J,hpir.llbltef with remarkable provlsianof. (the. Moadc;law I lhingard to the former «s to theteia. KOthbig was tnilband tner© wai sitbtnog or Iniit Ttrtwject this regulation Bee^ns to haye.been to preserve the wild beasts, to let the.land recover ltrength/ and'to teach the pebble to to pnflrfdebt and look out for the . tbe futurc. But tto year wu not spent in idleness. Tbe pedpje ootald hoh^ fish, look ^after thsir toes and flocks, repair Utelr boil dings or fiimtturtL macu. febliirecloth. dr oam Mt qommoroe; and dating this year the' Whole Mosaic law was to be trad, and the people instrnctea in religious duty and the hlitorv of' v 