RANDOM NOTES BY A WANDERING REPORTER THE LEGEND OF GOVETT'S LEAP. PART III. The arrival of the military and police upon the ground in time to prevent Govett from completing the murderous deed he had com- menced, may be thus explained. Tom Davis, who, as I have shown, was not altogether satisfied with regard to Govett's disappearance, was so impressed by his doubts, especially when he came to think over them quietly during the night, that as soon as day broke on the following morning, he hastened again to the scene of the sup- posed accident to make another and a still closer examination, to clear up points of doubt which bad occurred to him. No sooner had he reached the spot, than, he caught sight of a stout cord some ten or twelve feet in length, which Govett had foolishly left lying on the ground, between the hush I have mentioned and the waterfall. No sooner did he see this than the whole thing became clear to him. Picking np the loose end of the cord, he found that the other end was twisted round the bottom of the email scrubby bush which grew at the edge of the precipice, and then was made fast by a half hitch round a portion of the rock, which was scaled or honey-comb- ed — the part beyond the bush having been concealed by being covered lightly by earth. So far, then, the matter was evident; but how, Davis asked himself, had the man managed to keep himself out of sight for so long a time? This, also, was cleared up when Davis laid himself down, and looked over the brink of the abyss immediately below where the bush grew. About eight feet be- neath this bush there was a small ledge suffi- ciently wide for a man of strong nerve to maintain himself upon it by the aid of some steady support from above. That support had been furnished, in the first instance, by the rope, which Govett must have fixed in position, when engaged at the waterhole on a previous day, But, besides this, there grew from the edge of the rock, a large cluster of long trailing creepers, which hung down as low as the ledge, and formed a mass of ver- dure, behind which Govett had no doubt managed to conceal himself from the sight of those who had examined the spot from points which brought the place fully into view. The whole thing was now explained, and with a curse at his own credulity, Tom Davis sped back to the stockade and gave the alarm. The behaviour of the blacksmith, who had waked up his mates by his groans and com- plaints at having been visited by what he said was Govett's ghost, soon came to Davis's ears, and further put him on the track. The bush was therefore carefully scoured first about Blackheath, and afterwards steadily onwards to Mount York, leaving no place unsearched. In this way they were assured that the fugitive was before them, and when at only a short distance from the descent of the Mount York road, the shot fired by Govett attracted their attention, and caused them to hurry on in that direction, though as yet they were unaware of the fact of bis being armed. The blacksmith, even with all his terror, had still had sense enough left not to let it be known that he had rid the ghost of leg irons, or supplied it with firearms. The apparently lifeless body of the Major was found by the police, and was carried by them back to the stockade, thus for a time diverting pursuit from Govett. In the course of a few days, however, a number of mounted police was scattered over the country in search of the runaway, thus showing the great interest which had been excited in high quar- ters to secure his capture. In spite of the hot pursuit, none of the mounted parties were able to encounter the bushranger, who, however, was heard of from time to time, now robbing a traveller, now bailing-up a station, and now appearing at the solitary hut of some convict shepherd. Tom Davis was indefatigable in his pursuit, following the fugitive from point to point as he heard of him; and when he could not hear of him, getting on his track almost as if he had been possessed of the mysterious in- stinct of the sleuth hound, turning up at different points only some day or two behind the man he was pursuing. In this way over twelve months had gone by, and the name of Govett had become celebrated in the early annals of bushrang- ing. But the stain of blood was on him, and be could find no shelter even amongst the assigned servants. Every man's hand was against him, and his only safety lay in con- tinual movement. His name and his offence were in every mouth; and there was no one of the many Government men he came across who would have hesitated a moment in cap- turing, if he got the opportunity, a delinquent whose arrest would have brought liberty to him who could secure it. Thus Govett's es- cape for so long a period was something little short of a miracle. Something more, then, than twelve months after the time at which we last saw him, Govett comes again upon the scene, and in the same locality where we parted from him. He was leading his horse up the steepest part of Mount York road. It was the same ani- mal on which he had started, but, like his owner, the horse was very different in ap- pearance to what he had been on that day. Govett had no longer the pale corpse like look upon his face, for It was now darkened by exposure, till it was barely recognisable as that of a white man. The air of sadness and suffering which his features had formerly borne, and which to some extent ennobled them, was gone, and in its place was one of truculent ruffianism, showing how rapidly he had descended the graditions of crime. His personal appearance was one of abject misery, telling plainly of the privations through which he bad passed in his brief career of guilt. He wore a rough pilot cloth coat of the commonest texture, threadbare, and torn in places. This, with a shirt of coarse twill, and a pair of moleskin trousers, formed his attire. The horse looked jaded and wearied, and though it had maintained a considerable share of its good condition, its coat was rough and staring from coarseness of food and scant- ness of grooming; while its drooping head and lack lustre eye, spoke of a hard and hur- ried journey, and of speed enforced to the limit of endurance. Arrived at the spot where the encounter with the Major had taken place, Govett halt- ed, and looked round him with a grim smile. Folding his arms across his breast, he con- templated the locality for some minutes with savage satisfaction. Then, as he prepared to mount the few remaining yards of the ascent, he murmured, as he once more cast his eyes around, " Yes, even though I fail in this at tempt, my vengeance lias been secured. I have paid back some part of the debt I owed, and now it is liberty or death — yes, death — for never will Dick Govett be taken alive. Taken I psha! they will never dream of my doubling back on them in this manner!" When he reached the crest of the range he threw the bridle over the horse's neck, and keeping it from banging down and catching in the horse's feet by drawing it through the stirrup irons, he allowed the animal to go at large and to crop the rough grass that grew sparsely on the hill top. Then he drew forth his pipe and tinder-box, struck a light, and, stretching himself upon the ground, in a few minutes was plunged into ynoke and reverie. Nearly half-an-hour had elapsed; the pipe bad gone out, and still Govett's reverie con- tinued, or he had fallen asleep. Suddenly the horse raised its head, and stood at and gazed towards the road as thought its attention had been attracted by some sound as yet unheard by its master. The bushranger still remained plunged in thought or over- come with fatigue, and noted not the move ment of the noble steed. Thus it remained until as it were assured that its sense of hear- ing had not deceived it, the animal gave a loud whinney, and trotted smartly towards its master. In an instaut Govett was on his feet, and with the air of a wild beast startled from his lair, looked round with savage alarm. He was only just in time, for there just on the crest of the road, and barely a hundred yards away, was Tom Davis and another man in the uniform of the mounted police, both leading their horses. The whinney of the horse had drawn their attention to Govett, at tbe same moment as it had given the alarm to the bushranger. Quick as thought Govett disengaged his bridle from the stirrup iron, and sprang into the saddle, whilst Davis, too anxious to make his cap- ture, let go the bridle by which he was lead ing his animal, and ran towards Govett, drawing a pistol from his belt as he ran. Presenting this at Govett, as he approached at. his best speed, he cried, " You are my prisoner, Dick Govett; surrender or I fire!" "Not yet your prisoner," returned Govett with a fierce laugh, as his horse sprang off with him. " You'll have a longer road yet to go before you capture Govett! Ha! ha!" Dead or alive, I must nave you!" shout- ed Davis, as he levelled his pistol and fired. The aim had been too hurried and the dis- tance too long, and the bushranger sped away unharmed, his scornful laugh echoing through the trees as he went. In the meantime, the trooper, less hasty than Davis, had mounted his horse instead of casting him loose, and now dashed off in pursuit of the bushranger — Davis calling out to him, " Stick to him, Bill; I'll follow the road and cut him off!" The constable, without for a moment checking his speed, made a sign of acquies- cence. Withonf wasting further time, Davis turned back to his horse, mounted him, and, leaving his comrade to follow the bushranger, pushed forward on the road until he reached the Blackheath stockade, where he gave the alarm. Such soldiers and constables as could be spared were at once hurried out, and at the suggestion of Davis, they were distribut- ed in such a manner as to form a cordon across the comparatively narrow ridge, not more than two miles wide, which is here bounded on either side by precipitous walls of rock, down which there is no descent. Having given the necessary directions for cutting off the fugitive, Davis rode off into the bush, in the direction towards which he believed the chase had taken. He had not gone a mile from the stockade when he heard a shot fired, at no very great distance. Put- ting his horse to his utmost speed, he came across a riderless horse, that of his late com- panion. With a coarse imprecation upon Govett's good luck, he still pushed on in the direction whence the horse had come, and in a few score yards came across his companion lying wounded on the ground. "Where is he?" asked Davis, with scant ceremony, and utterly reckless of the other's agony. The wounded man pointed towards a low ridge to the right of where they were. "Which direction is he heading demand- ed Davis. Again the wounded man, too weak to speak, pointed towards tbe direction of the water fail. Then this time I have him, and he can't escape me!" exclaimed Davis, in triumph, as he galloped off. The poor wounded wretch who had expect- ed assistance, made a feeble effort to raise himself and appeal to the compassion of his comrade. A stifled cry of "Help!" alone came from his lips, and he fell back sense less. Riding forward in such a way as to cut off Govett's retreat towards the Mount, and to drive him forwards on to the ambush pre- pared for him, Davis came in sight of the bushranger just as he was descending the ridge which fails into the creek, forming ihe famous waterfall. Govett had taken this track, almost skirting the edge of the preci- pice, for the purpose of avoiding the guard and the men of the stockade, having evidently satisfied himself that none of the gang were now working about the old spot. As soon as be caught the sound of Davis's horse, that of the bushranger, which was previously going at a smart canter, stretched out into a gallop. Davis, seeing this, plied his spurs vigorously in order to maintain the ground he had already gained. In this way they swept down the slope, and arrived at the creek. No sooner, however, had Govett crossed it, aud got into compara- tively open ground, — open from the number of trees which had here been felled for vari- ous purposes, than a couple of shots from the bush in front, whistled past his ears; whilst the cries,which arose from that quarter, warn- ed him of danger in that direction. Pulling his horse sharp up, he took a leisurely survey of the ground, then, as if his mind was made up, he drew a pistol, cocked it and turned towards Davis. He ground his teeth with rage as be saw three mounted troopers, galloping up to Davis's assistance. "No matter," he muttered, " I have met greater odds than this!'' Several shots whiz- zed past him as he spoke, and raised his pis- tol to cover Davis. One of these struck the elbow of his right arm, shattering the bone and causing him to let the weapon fall, With a fierce growl of defiance, Govett stood far a moment at bay. He saw that he was being hemmed in on all sides, and now, maimed and disabled, resistance was use less. "Surrender, Dick Govett, you are my pri- soner !" cried Davis. A wild scornful laugh was the only answer to this challenge; and the air of ferocious de- termination which sat upon the features of the bushranger was sufficient, unarmed as he was, to deter Davis from approaching. "There's no get away," called out Davis as the other men came up. "You are sur- rounded — Close on him, men! — You must be taken." " Must!" laughed out the bushranger, in fierce irony, "Ha ! ha! ha! Follow then and take me.'' And so saying he plunged his spurs madly into the horse's sides, and gal- lopped furiously towards the very spot where only a few months before he had effected his escape in so daring a manner. At hill speed he reached the edge of the precipice, and only when there did the noble animal see the danger which was before it. For an in- stant it endeavoured to check itself; but the effort came too late. The impetus of the gal- lop was too great to be overcome, and as if conscious of this, and scorning to struggle agaiust the inevitable, the gallant horse made a bound out from the rock, and horse and rider plunged into the abyss below. Neither man nor horse was ever seen again but the eaglehawks and crows which hung about the spot for some days afterwards, told a tale which required no comment. Davis would fain have assured himself even now of Govett's death, but no means of reaching the valley could be found, and even to this day it remains untrodden by human foot. Some day when access to it is obtained, some ves- tige of the bushranger or of his horse may probably be discovered by the hardy explorer. The chances are, however, that with the lapse of years, not even a few bleached bones re- main as last sad relics of this tale of treachery and crime. — Sydney Mail. 