CARRY'S CONFESSION. OItAPTER XL. NExR GALnnArmr changed for the better. If he wore no brighter look, still there was less utter despondency; and he saw the duties lying before him in a different light. He chafed not at the inevitable, as though he had been the only sufferer undergoing the fiery ordeal of affliction: he bore his sorrow better, and he felt within himself that the worst was over. If in his heart Neal still treasured his wrongs, he gave no voice to them, and he did not seek to dissipate them in the vortex from which Pike had rescued him. He knew no mercy-he would never know mercy, perhaps-on the sin which had cut him adrift from home ties; but he did not e biood upon his loss, and he no longer con sidered himself justified in perilling his own soul, out of very despair. He had been a thoughtful man-and he stopped back once more from his self-isolation to think of others, and to study others. He did' not believe in any happiness falling to his share--not even in the long days ahead of him, when time should heal his wounds and bring him hopes once more; but he believed that he should have the power to do his duty in life, and wrong no man by his rashness. He became again the watchful and con siderate son of Mr. Galbraith, casting a new light on the latter days. He had the art of hiding away his one great loss almost, and he profited by the study of it, and made his father happier. He became the friend of Mr. Pike in earnest; for at last he know what anxiety he had caused him. He went with his father to Hackney Road ; and if the meetings were not very merry ones, still they brought some comfort unto all, for they presaged the dawn of times loss dark. Neal would even stray into Mr. Pike's warehouse-where business was always brisk, and contrasted so strangely with the old days at Shad Thames-and feel, rather than feign, an interest in the business-life around him. "You will settle down here after all, Neal," Mr. Pike would say, cheerfully. "You'll get on more bravely at your desk, with the old task-work to your hand." " Don't press me yet awhile to work-I shrink away from labour, as beyond my strength," said Neal. " I am like a man recovering from an illness, that has left him weak and helpless." "But who will grow stronger every day now." "Who will try, at least." They were evenings of calm reunion after a while-when the summer had come. Neal used to look forward to them. Once a week at Pike's house-once a week Pike and his neice at Streatham-and the remaining days to think of the meetings that had been, and that were yet in store for him. He must be weak in mind to be solaced by so little, he thought ruefully sometimes ; he wondered whether he should ever be really strong again, and be able to take his place in the world. He began to appreciate the value of Addie Merton's society now that they were thrown together-to see how good she was, and what skill she had in divirting from their course the dark thoughts which now and then beset him in society. Addie Merton had confessed to her uncle her inability to love Neal Galbraith, and now. that there was, no probability of being misunderstood, she set to work at the task of lightening Neal's sorrows. She had a tact, born of long practice, that assisted her; she was. naturally of a cheerful temperament, anpd:there was a practical method in her style :that gave a dead blow to the horrors. She was matter-of-fact without being dull, and pious without being severe. One could wonder, like Pike, why she had ever fallen in love with' Walter Tressider, if one did not know that to each life there falls some fragment of romance, creating heroes and heroines out of nothing. Addie was not a perfect woman, and was even now only eighteen years of age-and life before that age creates some brilliant fictions, even in the minds of staid dissent, that is taught to disregard them. She could be a sister to Neal without being misunderstood, she thought. Neal was not likely to misinterpret her actions, and she was sure that her uncle would not. She was sorry for Neal's mistake in life, and she strove very hard, when she had recovered from the shock of his altered looks, to render the world less like a desert to him. :Meanwhile Mr. David Pike said nothing, but let her strive, and, like most men who are. reticent, he thought the more. He tho'0'ghtof a new story in good time for all Addie's past avowals. Addie was a sensible girl, who would shake off her one fancy for an object that never deserved her, and see in Neal a better choice, a higher standard for a hero. He believed that there would come a day when Neal would soften too, and Pike was a man who had the courage to wait patiently. Meanwhile Neal was a nmarried man, and he must watch carefully the different changes of his nature. Whilst Addie and Neal were simply acquaintances \--s-omething less than brother and sister good would evolve from their companionship; but when he saw a difference-and he was watching keenly for it-he ' must set his interdict upon their meeting until Neal had taken steps to procure that divorce which was in his case so readily obtainable. It is a question whether Mr. Pike was not at fault here for all his carelessness-for all the prosaic natures of those whom he made his study. But fr. Pike was a.man who trusted implicitly in Neal, and Neal was not likely to abuse his confidence. Neither was Neal likely to fall in love suddenly and hastily with his friend's niece; he had had enough of love to last a life- time; he had begun and ended early. There were times when David Pike ventured to suggest that Neal should think of freeing his name from the woman who had disgraced it; and though Neal turned his stern self to the light at the hint, he did not wholly forbid an intrusion on 'the subject. "It matters not," said Neal. "I have nointerest to serve, and I save myself the pain of publicity. I shall never marry again." "Never's a long day, Neal," Mr. Pike would reply, with a sinking heart. "You may trust me with that determina tion. I shall never regret that I have made Mr. Pike felt no fear of Neal loving prematurely his niece after that; so the waters were still, if deep, and beyond there seemed no signs of their surface being die. turbed, It was summer-time at last-the middle of summor-bright July weather, when Lon don is in its season and the green lands at their brightest, that a country newspaper found its way to Noal. The newspaper, a Nottingham journal, had been addressed to Fife-stroot-in a woman's handwriting that he failed to recognise- and had travelled about town, becoming dogs-oared and dirty in its progress, scored by many postmasters, and at last reaching him at Stroeatham. Neal read the paper through, and found no clue to the motive that had sent it to him. It perplexed him-it was, more or less, a sign from the days which lie was trying to outlive. It might have been a jost-ill timed and foolish-of some one who had had a faint recollection of his name and place of abode-and yet he doubted it. Looking at it, he could believe that something was in tended by that paper, the mystery of which he had not solved yet. He knew nothing of Nottingham; he had never soon the place, or remembered to have spoken of it, or heard others speak. In the paper printed in that town lie could not see one line to interest him. There were local news of no impor tance; there were races in the course of the week; there weore accounts of prices at Not tingham market, and of fights in Notting ham town; there was a run upon Notting ham lace, and more hands wanted-a thousand hands he saw by one advertise ment; there was a theatre at Nottingham, and he looked carefully for the name of Raymond in the advertised list of "stars," and found it not; there had been a fire at Nottingham, and a man burned to death; there were ten advertisements at least from quacks, who had exhausted London credulity, and were striving hard for country conneo tions; there were bullocks and sheep for sale, and doleful prophecies of the coming harvest; but there was nothing from the florid heading to the printer's name that had its interest for Neal. Still he took the paper up twenty times that day, as though he would tire the mystery out of it, casting it at last aside in despair of a clue. "What is it all about, Neal ?" "Local news of no importance to us." The old gentleman stooped, picked up the paper, and glanced down the first column. " Why l-what's this ? " "Is it possible that you have found 'the reason for this paper being sent to me?" "I don't know, Neal-it is not verylikely -but don't you remember that man --Joe, they called him-who came to Fife-street once, belonged to a travelling circus?" ," I remember nothing of the kind. It is possible-well ?" "Here's an advertisement of Toppin's cirous-that was the name, I fancy. It will be at Nottingham in the race-week." Neal took the paper from his father's hands and road-and re-read this advertise ment." He had passed it twenty times, noticing the heading and the time announced for a grand entry into Nottingham, without attributing thereto any connection between it and him. He could not believe now that it was for that reason the paper had been sent him, or that his father's memory was strong enough for minor facts like these. But Joe and his wife, he remembered, had been some time at Fife-street before his return home one night; his father had been annoyed and startled by their presence there, by the history of their antecedents, and the recapitulation of their pursuits; he had sat there a listener, disgusted with his daughter in-law's relations, and he had not missed a word. Neal let the paper drop from his hands to think more seriously of this. A Nottingham paper forwarded to Fife-street by some one who knew not of his change of life; a circus to be erected at Nottingham in the race-week; Joe Webber connected with a circus; a remembrance of Mrs. Webber, thinking it probable that her daughter Carry was with Joe, and not with Tressider-so the fragments of a story pieced themselves and disturbed the thinker. " When are the races ?" Neal asked of his father, who had taken up the paper again. "The 20th of July." "That is to-morrow-Wednesday." "But-but you don't think-" "Patience-I have not had time to think yet awhile." Neal began to think in earnest after that assertion. He went fathoms deep into thought, which took him away from passing things and present life. The old look which had grown fainter in the latter days settled on his face again, furrowing and darkening. In the afternoon he went for a long walk, coming back still thoughtful, to lock him self in his study, and decline Mrs. Higge's offers of refreshment. He had dined; he had had his tea; his head ached, and when he had done writing he would go to his room that night. " What a madman I was to tell him about the circus !" whimpered Mr. Galbraith. "I knew that I had never got quite sane !" "He'll wake up brisk again," said the sanguine Mrs. Higgs. "I have been a trouble to him all, his life," said the father. " If I had stopped at home that day, Carry and he might have made it up; and.now I'm putting all kinds of foolish thoughts into his head. I'm a miserable old muddler, Mrs. Higgs, and the sooner I'm comfortably buried the better for everybody." "There, hold your tongue, sir, do! " re primanded Mrs. Higgs. "It's the creeps you give me by youir fretfulness." "I feel," he added in a whisper, "just as if something was going to happen. I'm sure it is." "0 ! good lor, let's got a light. What a man you are." Mrs. Higgs prepared to close the shutters on the deepening twilight, and to light the gas in the chandelier above their heads. It was not pleasant sitting in the dark, listen ing to the forebodings of a weak old man. It made her superstitious against her will. She was glad to get to bed early, and to see Mr. Galbraith to his room. In the morning Neal would be more like himself, and the fears of something happening would be dis sipated. Early on that morning, when the house was light with a new day, and the clocks in the house wore striking five, Noal turned the handle of his father's door, and entered the room softly. "O! is that you, boy?" said Mr. Gal braith, quietly. "I'm not asleep." "You wake too early, father," lhe said. " However, it is all the better this morning, for I can bid you good-by now." " Go-od-by ?" SMr, Galbraith sat quickly up in bed, with his night-cap awry, and his hands olutohing his knees. " What-what-what-what do you mean by ' good-by ?'" "Good-by till to-morrow. That's not a very long farewell, is it, or one to grow sen timental concerning?" " Vhero are you going ?" "To Nottingham races. Just for a little change and a little pleasure. Do you blame me?" "Not if it is for the change only; but 0 ! Neal-it isn't." Neal sat down at the side of his father's bed and looked at his watch. " I have scarcely a minute to spare; but you must understand that there is nothing to be alarmed at in this journey. That man Webbor, who brought his wife to Fife-street, nineteen months ago may know what has become of leer ! " " What does it matter now ?" "I am interested, in her fate-that's all." " If you should see her ?-if she should be with those people ? " "It could make no difference to me. I am over apart from her." " Then why go ? " "I am curious. I am haunted by a voice that urges me to action. Imust find Joseph Webber if I can." " I will not try to persuade you to stay," said Mr. Galbraith. "It's best, perhaps- I don't know. I can't think, just at present. You'll take care of yourself, and don't jump out of the train before it stops; and mind the horses on the course; and-and don't be later than to-morrow, there's a dear boy." Neal left with these injunctions in his ears. He went along the landing to Mrs. Higgs's door, at which he knocked. " Who's there ? " "I, Neal. I am going to Nottingham. See after my father till I return." "Not--" Neal heard no more. He had hastened down stairs, and from the house; he was walking rapidly down Brixton-hill a few minutes afterwards. He had a long way to walk before a conveyance could be procured to take him to King's Cross; but the train did not leave till six o'clook-a special train for the race-day-and he should reach Ken uington in little more than half-an-hour. He walked rapidly. The current of his thoughts was rapid too, and seemed to help him on wards. Why was he going? Was it only curiosity? Was there any hope, or any fear, that urged him on his way ?-hope that she was not wholly bad, that she had re pented, and was tr3 ing to live honestly with her brother ?-that she had never gone with Tressider ?-fear that she was dying, or dead; that there was something blacker still against her, and it would meet him full front amidst the crowd of pleasure-seekers? There was a cab at Kennington that took him to the railway-station, where there were life and bustle enough that early morning. All the black-legs, all the betting-men, all the three-card shufflers, all the heterogeneous mass of nondescripts who live by racing, all the thieves that London could afford for an entertainment so many miles distant, were assembled at King's Oross. It was a bona fide sporting train, for the accommodation of those who wished to reach Nottingham be fore the race, and Neal saw few people near him without rapacious faces and eager hungry eyes. He was in the train, which rattled on to Nottingham at last. He could almost imagine that he was in a dream still, prose cuting one of those vague, purposeless journeys more common to dream-land than to life. The laughter in his ears; the sud den altercations that arose about old bets, new horses, jockeys, everything appertain ing to the turf, from the betting-men who filled the carriage; the oily way in which the oaths flowed forth, and the strength of the adjectives which preceded every per sonality, were scarcely reconcilable with any life that Neal had known. It was a long journey, and insufferably wearisome. The sporting men eyed Neal with suspicion; and when he betrayed no sign of satisfaction at the first coarse anec dote indulged in, that suspicion verged into positive dislike. Neal closed his eyes and feigned to sleep, to avoid being dragged into the general conversation, and when a few remarks had been made upon his stolidity, general appearance, and want of sociability, there was a run upon oaths and horses again that lasted all the way to Peter borough. Neal escaped at Peterborough into another compartment, but he passed from bad to worse and lived to repent the transfer. Two more betting-men and three rakish individuals with white hats, who looked like betting-men, were Neal's com panions for the remainder of the journey and white-hatted fraternity produced cards immediately the train had started, and suggested a quiet game at whist, for stakes of a merely nominal character. Neal was in no mood for whist, and declined to take a hand. Neal was looked upon once more with suspicion, was once more freely criticised directly he closed his eyes. When would it be Nottingham, and he clear of this den of thieves ? Had it not been folly to come hero at all, on the mere supposition of a newspaper advertisement affecting him in a remote degree? Would it be a satisfaction to him to know that his wife had not eloped with Tressider, or had lived all those long months with her disreputable brother? In either oase what could result from this long journeiy ?-what could he learn that would add one moment's peace to the future, wherein he had promised himself to be more humble in his suffering? At Nottingham at last, and harassed by a dozen fly- drivers, Nottingham fly-drivers, with sunken eyes and high cheek bones, and altogether pugilistic in appearance. "Where's Toppin's circus ?" "Whose?" Neal repeated the question, and the man asked " whose? " again, with a fierooness of aspect as though soenting a joke against his self-respect. Neal produced the newspaper whichl he had brought with him from Lon don, and pointed to the advertisement. The man leaned his hands on Neal's shoul der whilst he looked at the paper-a friend, interested therein, came and leaned on the flyman's shoulder-a third, facetiously in clined, pushed aguinst all three, and stopped the progress of a railway porter with a barrow. Hereupon an altercation ensued in the Nottingham dialect, and allusions to punching heads were freely bandied. "Drive to the racecourse," said Neal, leaping into a' fly, and roaolvinf to search for the oircus on his own account; and a few minutes afterwards he was being bumped and jolted through the Nottingham streets, amongst rarts, and omnibuses, and flye, with two or three ragged beings brandishing cards of the races through the open windows. A busy town, with signs of a general holiday at every corner, the Nottingham roughs gathering in force, and the lace makers in their Sunday's boat streaming towards the one centre of attraction, laugh ing and romping by the way. Set down at the gates beyond the town leading to- the racecourse, and passing through them towards higher ground, where the canvas roofs of booths wore seen, Neal began his strange quest. The sandy soil on which the course was situated, the sandy hills sloping down towards the course, the sandy paths meandering right and left and straight ahead, gave a desert aspect to the place, and threatened ophthalmia when the crowd thickened, and the wind came fresher from the hills beyond. The dust was rising from the carriage-road, and the tents on the higher ground loomed through a sandy fog, that would be denser pre sently. Neal made his way towards the booths long rows of drinking-booths-long rows of fighting-booths, with fancy portraits of men in sparring attitudes outside the doors-a booth for dancing after race hours-and then more . sparring-booths-and more boothes devoted to illimitable drinking. The high-choeked, keen-eyed eons of Notting ham were thick here-they were prepared for any amount of quarrelling, and were already indulging in any amount of swear ing-the oaths were thicker than the dust, which was fast settling on coats and hats, hairs and whiskers, rendering mankind one gritty pattern. Neal found the circus at last, lying a little apart from the straggling rows of fighting booths, a forest of scaffolding at present, with a dozen men hard at work setting up the canvas, nailing up flaming pictures of wild horses, highly-educated horses, male riders in fleshings, and women in short skirts; the whole surrounded by a crowd of holiday folk, interested in the proceedings, and swearing fluently at everything. Neal forced his way to the front, not with out opposition and a hundred oaths hurled at him for his haste, and touched the arm of a man superintending the finishing process -a burly man, with a thick black mous tache, on which the dust had settled. "This is Toppin's circus, I presume ?" "Yes, sir," replied the gentleman ad dressed, after a critical survey of Neal's general appearance. "Advertised in the Nottingham papers to appear here during the race week ? " " Exactly so." " I have come from London in search of it." "All the way from London to see us! " exclaimed the gentleman addressed; "to see the circus-really." "Not for the entertainment's sake-but to find one of your company." "0 ! he's gone.' This was premature, and Toppin-for it was Toppin himself upon whom Neal Gal braith had intruded-thought so himself the moment afterwards. But Toppin had scented danger to some improvident money borrowing member of his community, and this was a gala-day, on which no one could be spared. "At least, I dare say he has," Toppin corrected; "we change and change about our company, and there's nothing like variety. Who's the man you want?" "A man whom I will pay well for any information that he can give me concerning -his sister ; a man named Joseph Webber." " 0 ! he's in-" "He's in Nottingham, and I must see him for a minute or two. If I rob you of his services for a short while, you must tell me what they're worth." "Hum-well, a man's worth half a guinea to me now-for we're behind time, and shall ring in at half-past twelve." Neal tendered the money, which Mr. Toppia took with an airy blessing on the donor. "You'll not keen him long I hope, sir we don't call him Webber in the troop. Hi I Jack-see if you can find Signor Delavanti in any of the caravans, and tell him that I want him." OILAPTERV. XLI. Joseph Webber, alias Signor Delavanti, was some time making his appearance. Neal began to grow suspicious of the delay; a circus was built in, and fit for use whilst he waited-" Toppin's Far-famed Circue ! " as announced by the painted canvas flapping overhead in the wind, which was blowing fresher with every hour. When Neal was thinking of a search for Mr. Toppin again, with the idea of seeking further information, Joe suddenly appeared at his side. "I'm told, sir, that you-why, its Gal braith." Joe was fairly surprised ; he was not actor enough to feign this complete bewilderment. He backed some paces, keeping his hands in his pockets, and his shoulders raised above his ears, after that slouching style peculiar to Joe. "Yes. Did you not expect me ?" "Who-you ? " "Did you not send me a newspaper, con taining an advertisement of this cireus's arrival in Nottingham ?" "Upon my soul I didn't." Joe was embarrassed-but for once, at least, it was evident that he was truthful. He stood ahuffling up the sand at his feet, deliberating as to the wisest course to pur sue; there was something puzzling to Joe in Neal Galbraith's propicquity. "I have come a long journey to ask you a few questions " " I'm not bound to answer them, without I like," said Joe suddenly assuming a dogged demeanour. "Yes, you are." "I don't see who's to make me " replied Joe, still defiantly; " least of all, I don't fancy that it's likely to be you " "I'll pay you for your trouble." "Curse your pay, sir! I can earn my bread without your charity!" said Joe. " You're no friend of mine now! I could have out your throat twelve months ago, and swung for it." The worst side of Joe's character-or the best, which was it?--seemed apparent at this juncture. Nealregarded hime steadily was even prepared to resist that sudden attack, which the fiercn eyes threatened. "You and I havo no cause to be friends I You neodn'c come sponging hero for informa tion. You've had your way, and got rid of your wife without a penny to pay for it! Why, she was too good for you." "What has become of her?" asked Noal. " What do you want to know for? " re joinoed Joe. "Is lshe with you ? " " Will you take her bnck if she is ?" "Back!" cried Neoal-" take back- a woman who loft my house of her own free will nineteen months ago. Do you think that I'm a madman?" " What do you want hero, may I ask again ? " said Joe. "I would know that woman's fate; if she is here with you, and struggling for a better life, ask what you will of me for her sup port." Joo relapsed into a thoughtful mood again; his hands seemed to thrust them selves deeper into his trousers pockets, and his foot to kick up, slowly and deliberately, a pile of sand over Neal's boots and his own. Heo was thinlking still, when a man came rushing from the circus towards him. " What I aint yer dressed yet!--who's going to wait for you, do you think ?-who's going on after Toppin's daughtor?-who's allers going to be put fuet afore the people come in? Toppin's in a fiue rage, I can toll you-and there's the band outside al ready." Sure enough the brass band of Toppin's establishment burst forth at this juncture, and a rush of the mob in the vicinity was made in its direction. Here was something to see before the race-bell rang. "If you want anything more to say to me," said Joe-" if you've got anything to propose, or want to hear anything, you'd better come to that caravan at ton o'clock to night-that green-bodied affair yonder, where the dog's chained to the hind wheels." "I ask you now-" "I've my living to got, Mr. Galbraith," said Joe, with sullen dignity, "and Toppin don't think twice about giving a man the sack. You can come or stop away, just as it pleases you-I shall be there at ton." " I will come." Whether Joe Webber heard him or not, was not apparent. Joe had walked away rapidly towards the caravan that he had pointed out-time was against him, and he had fleshings and spangles to put on-and Neal watched him run up the caravan stops, open the door, and enter, leaving the dog whining after him, heart-broken for lack of patronage. Neal turned away to think of the inter view that he had had with this man, and to wonder for awhile at the new demeanour of Joe Webber. Neal smiled grimly at the idea of Joe assorting any dignity, at that mountebank judging the story in a different manner, and seeing faults in him. He had been bitterly deceived-cruelly disgraced, thought Neal, as he wandered down the sand-banks listlessly, and this man's defence of his sister-subdued though it had been -was a burlesque of soetiment. "You've got rid of your wife without a penny to pay for it ! " It was a sharp taunt, but what did it matter, after all? What was the woman to him now, or what claim had she upon him after her flight? There was no explanation of her conduct that would be accepted as a fair defence by the world or by himself. There might be something to pity; but there was not anything in her story that his pride could forgive, he felt assured. Even that story he did not care to hear, he thought-if she were with her bro ther, or her brother could prove to him that she was attempting to live honestly, why, he was prepared to assist her with his mo ney; but to see her, or to speak to her again, never, so help his God i He uttered that oath-fearful and impo tent-in the broad day; he was in no mood for forgiveness; curiosity after all, a sense of wrong that nothing could set right, a whim that he had not the power to resist, had brought him to Nottingham-nothing of the old fond love which had led the boy into marriage. That had been the fault of a life, and it could never be atoned for by the bitter sorrow to which years could not bring assuagement. In the last course of action, which had ended in Carry's flight from home, he might not have acted wisely -he guessed how foolishly, at times-but in her retaliation for his error, what an awful, soul-destroying vengeance! No, there was no pardon for it-he had not come to offer pardon ! Neal wandered about all day on the race grounds. How the day was spent he never knew, although it seemed as if the holiday would never end, and there would be racing till the judgment. It was all a something more distant from reality than even dream land now; he wandered to and fro, scarcely realising the scene, and yet beset by one thought that he might be going mad at last, and this was.the first stage. He tried more than once to shake the thoughts away, and mix with the surging, swaying crowd about him bent upon enjoyment; but the dead apathy overtook him before the resolution was five minutes old, and he was groping on his way again, and praying that the night would come. Whan it was dark night, when the wind had risen more, and the dust was blown about too thickly to see the stars overhead, Neoal shook off his stupor by degrees. As the time approached for his meeting. with Joe Webber, his sterner self came back; paesently he should know what had become of his wife-what she had been doing per haps all that long time wherein they had besn apart? If she had not been with Treasider- nover with Tressider-ho should feel happier in mind, and lees disgraced ; he prayed that Joe might know all, at leaste and would tell all. He would humour the mountebank for the whole truth-bribe him with money to confess it. Noal went into the moat reputable of all the disreputable booths, and had more brandy-with biscuits this time, which he ate in a corner of the tent, with a knot of young women in fancy hats laughing with a knot of young blackguards in fancy waist coats at a table near him. They were laughing at him, but he paid no heed to them; one man hinted that he could fight him, and shouted out a defiance " to. try it on," as Neal rose to withdraw, and then the laughter of that drinking-place was ex changed for the dust and darkness without. It was a wild scene at night, with figures fitting up and down the sand-hills, and little knots of people here and there; with the watchful police hovering about, and the flare of lightts -from the tents- n highers ground. Thero wore drunken men upon the slopes, and others a trifle loss drunk stum bling over them; a fight here and there, increasing now and then to a grand msl6o. when the police charged in their midst, and made matters clearer by tho;r interference perhaps, although to an obtorver it did not readily appear so. Nine o'clock by Neal's watch-only one more hour to wait, and then this night's business to begin! OIIAPTER XLI. During the last hour that Neal kept watch, the numbers thinned apace; the last batch of pleasure-seekers turned from Top pin's circus; there were a few stragglers of the worst description lingering amongst the booths still, but respectability had gone to Nottingham, and "the children of the night" remaining there were worthy of their sinister paternity. Noal Galbraith patrolled in the vicinity of the caravan which Joseph Webber had in dicated to him early in the day and which lay a few paces beyond the dimly-lighted booths, where the grass struggled with better results amidst the sandy soil. There was a light glimmering from the window of the caravan, and the shadow of some one within crossed and re- crossed continually; there was a fire, too, for smoke was ascend ing from the zinc chimney in the roof; pre parations for supper probably, for the dog, still a prisoner at the wheel, sniffed and whined piteously. It would soon be tea o'clock, thought Neal, and, after all, what good could result from his patience, his long journey, and weary vigils; from a man of Joseph Webber's stamp, what satisfactory explanations, under any circumstances, could be satisfactory to him ? Before it was ton by his watch, the win dow of the caravan had opened, and a plate ful of bones had been tilted out to the dog a man who looked like Webber in the dark ness had suddenly emerged from the back ground, tapped at the door, and been ad mitted. After that, all silent, until the hour of meeting came at length, and Noel, anxious to end what little mystery there might be, walked towards the caravan. The dog left off his bones to bark at him as he went up the stairs and knocked upon the panels of the door; there were some hasty movements within the place before some one called to him " who's there?" "Mr. Galbraith," answered Noal. "Mr. Galbraith is welcome," said a. woman's voice. The door was opened, and the tall figure of Mrs. Webber stood in the aperture, with a hand extended to him. Neal shook hands with her instinctively, and entered the caravan, the door of which was closed behind him. A low, close room, the atmosphere of which was not pleasant to inhale, laden with mephitie vapours, and not entirely free from smoke that oozed its way through a crevice in the zinc chimney which passed from the little stove up the centre of the room and through the roof. A don, rather than a habitation for human beings, with its space curtailed still more by a curtain that was slung across the caravan, and concealed one end from view. There was a table covered with a scanty supper-cloth pushed into the opposite corner, and without much respect to sundry stage properties on which the legs wore standing; there was Joe Webber, ex hausted with his day's work, sitting in his shirt-sleeves close to the fire-place, with his knees against the liars, and a short pipe in his mouth; and there was the giantess dropping on to a stool near her husband's and staring up at Noeal after he had closed the door behind him. " Will you take that chair, air? "said she. "Stools are more comfortable for me, in cribs like this, and saves me knocking my head about so much. We're glad to see you-it's bettor late than never ! " Neal glanced at the curtain as at some thing that might hide a mystery behind it, and then sat down with his back to it. "There's nothing there that'll hurt you much, sir," said Mrs. Webber, adverting to his glance ; " that's only our second room Joe calls it the bood-dror when he's in good spirits-which he aint to-night." "I'm tired, girl," said Joe, restlessly; "I've been worked to death, and had no time to eat or drink till now." " And now there hasn't been quite drink enough," added Selina, with a sigh, "but praps that's all the better, Joe, to- night." " Perhaps it is," said Joe, shaking him self, as though he would make an effort to shake off his dulness, "now we're favoured with such company." "I am here at your bidding," said Neal; " will you tell me all you know about- your sister ? " "She can toll you beet," said Joe; "I've been jawing enough to-day, I think. She knows more than I, for that matter-and I've no hand in this. It goes against my grain a bit to see you here." "Why should you bear me malice ?-have I ever injured you ? " "I don't know but what you have-but I don't care to argue. She," taking his pipe from his mouth to indicate his wife with the stem, "can talk to you by the hour to gether-if she likes! This isn't my doing -let her work it out." "I aint afraid -I aint nothing to be ashamed on, Joe." " "No, that's true-did I say you had, girl ? ' And with this interrogative, Joe put his pipe in his mouth again, and screwed him self more apart from conversation. The giantess settled herself more firmly on the stool, clasped her large brawny arms in her lap, and looked up with her wan, lined face at Noal--a face that trouble and a struggle for broad had scored more deeply than her years deserved. This thought, which might have crossed Neal's mind for an instant, it was strange to find re-echoed by the woman. "You're looking old enough, Mr. Gal braith." "I have not grown young lately." "Worried by business, praps?" " No."' " Worried by that which upset more than you, and even troubled him," pointing to the tired acrobat at the stifling fire. "Very likely. Will you tellme anything or not ?" Neal said impatiently. "Icannot stay here, or breathe here long." "It's the fust coming in and the coke; but you'll soon get used to it. I never has my health better than when I am jogging about the country in this fashion; but I was born in one, like-like many other con jareors' children," she added after a sudden pause. Nel did not answer. Perhaps a studied silenco to this woman's rambling would more quickly bring round the sauject for which he had travelled, and had watched all day. The giantess paused after this for a while. She looked at Joe, at Neal, over Neal's head at the checked shawl doing duty as n curtain, up at the wooden roof, cracked in many places, and blackened by foul air. Finding her theme in one or other of these, she began again. "You came hero to know about your wife. What made you think, sir, that we could tell you anything ?" "A newspaper sent by post to me from Nottingham." " I thought that might remind you of me. I sent that." "I suspected it." " Without Joe's knowledge-or the know ledge of anybody for that matter; entirely my own idea that was, and he," pointing to Joe again, "knowed nothing of it until he came back from seeing you this morning." "Then she told me," muttered Joe. "Then I told him, because he was put out about seeing you, and couldn't understand it. And Joe's a man that likes to know everything." "And don't like," added Joe, "that you should keep a fellow in the dark. It isn't what I've done for you since we've been married-though it was a mercenary match enough." "I don't think it was, sometimes, Joe," said Selina, with a smile to which Joe did not seem inclined to respond. He was as anxious as Neal that this in terview should terminate. "You'll understand that I didn't quite ex pect you here," said the giantess; " but that I fancied there was just a chance that you would come." " What did you want with me ?" "Well," she replied in a hesitating man ner, "I hardly- know--exactly. I thought that praps it was just possible that if I could tell you where your wife was, and what she was doing, you might be sorry for your quarrel, and-" "Say no more," said Neal, more sternly. "I am not sorry-I have been grievously wronged-there was no excuse for that mad woman's flight." "I don't defend her, do I?" said the giantess. "I wouldn't have done the same to Joe for all the world. I told her so many and many a time, and that it wasn't in her sober senses that she did it. But still it didn't seem to me-an ignorant woman, with no fine notions certainly-that it mightn't be patched up atween you. She came to us in February, because--" "And left my house in January !" quickly added Neal. " Don't explain her conduct; itis beyond any explanation that my wounded pride could ever accept. She came to you at last- well ? " "She told Joe all, and said that we was her only friends. Joe wasn't the man to turn his back upon his sister, for she'd been kind to him, O ! heaps of times, and they two-odd uns, certainly-knew each other's ways better than anybody else did. I wasn't against it either, for she eome in wretched and forlorn enough, and I'm a woman easily touched, you see. She stayed with us some months; she got a place as shopwoman for awhile, and then came to us again. Then she got another place." "Where is she now ? " "Doe3 that matter to you, who are so hard?" asked Mrs. Webber. "I allers said to Joe that I didn't like your face much-that it was a heavy one, and you wouldn't forgive in a hurry." "There are some offences which it is not honourable to forgive-bhers was one. But-" "But what?" "But I would help her, if she is poor and trying to live honestly. I would bid you tell her that her father's house is open to her, and her father anxious for her coming home." " What's that ?" exclaimed Joseph Web ber. Neal repeated his words, adding " If she go back to her father's home-the fitting place for one who has repented of her error-I will allow her a fair income, so long as she lives honestly." " What do you keep talking of her honesty for?" cried Joe Webber, dashing his pipe into the grate, where it split into fragments. "I'd lay my life she's more honest than you are I" " She left my house," said Neal. H He knew no excuse for that. For all but that there was forgiveness, perhaps; but to desert him-never. · "Because you didn't believe her-because you held her down, and told her of your hate. Do you think that I don't know this story?" " She left my house," repeated Neal, gloomily. " You come here with your talk of money for her!" cried Joe, more passionately. "Why, I haven't any more spirit than money myself; but I wouldn't take a penny of you for her support-not I. You threw her off for some one else-you married her, and got tired of her--you made her life a misery, and think to pay her money will make her that much happier and ease your conscience so much more. So far as I have a word in it, you may keep your money, and we'll starve together, the lot of us, before we'll ask it from you !" " No, that's not sense," said the giantess, shaking her head; "it sounds very well it'B like the people talk on the stage; but it isn't like life, and it's very unlike you, Joe." "I mean it! " cried Joe Webber. Joe's manner proved the truth of his assertions just at that instant; but then Joe was not like himself, but a man verging closer upon heroism than he had over bar gained for-and Joe had been very fond of Carry. "I don't say, Joe, that you don't," re plied his wife, more cool and practical; " but you must think for Carry too, Joe. There come times-winter times generally when we can't afford to keep ourselves, and she shares misery with us instead of home. Then a little money, Joe, is.like a something out of heaven to make us all bear up to gether better. And when I sent that paper to you, Mr. Galbraith, it just struck me that you might be glad to know your wife was with us, and that no thoughts of that man you were jealous of had anything to do with her going away from you." " You cannot assure me of that any more than she could. Only the Almighty knows beside herself with what intention she went away, Whether she was disappointed in her rst madness and came on to you, .P 8hetfer it was repentance after guilt, or what, I do not know-I will not seek to know. I have leaned to be content with desolation; what lesson she has learned is of no interest to me." " Al ! I see how hard you are," said the giantess. "You may be right enough in your ideas, and there ain't many that would take my side. I-I don't stand up for her myself, for I wouldn't have done it, as I've said over and over again ; but I think if you had given way earlier-much earlier-it mightn't have all ended in this style." "A life's folly, to be rectified when life is everlasting-not here." " So be it, then. Now, what money will you leave to help this woman you will never forgive ?-who hasn't asked your forgive nose, but might be the better for it, for all that. Can you trust me, do you think, with money for your wife?" "For the wife I had once," corrected Neal; "yes-I will trust you. I will leave with you five-and-twenty pounds, and you may tell her from me that with every quarter, when I am assured of her well-doing, I will send the same amount-more if it is re quired." Joe stared hard at the speaker-the giantess drew in her breath, and clasped her hands more tightly. Twenty-five pounds a quarter!-was it possible? Where did the money come from? In what way had this man become suddenly rich, to talk of large, almost incalculable sums in that way? "Tell her from me also that I am learn ing to be resigned to the disgrace which she has brought upon me-that I have fought hard for that resignation, and it must not, shall not be disturbed! From her I never wish to hear directly. You understand me? " " Yes." " When I have paid you this money," he said, drawing out his purse, "I shall have done all that is necessary, and can return to London. My address I will also give you, and- what's this ? " To Neal's amazement, from some unknown quarter, as from a new world, there stood by his side a little child-dark-eyed, dark haired-an ill- clad, rosy-faced, tottering child, that clung to his knees for support, and stretched out one tiny hand towards the purse he held. It had escaped from its cot behind the curtain, disturbed by the voices and the light. M?rs. Webber gave a scream. "You naughty child, go back!" she said, harshly; "how dare you come here? Go back, Carry, at once. Go back, I tell you." The child shrank away for an instant, and then pointed at Neal's purse again. Neal sat aghast, trying to shape his thoughts into one form-trying to believe. He looked at the white face of the woman crouching on the stool before the fire, and read alarm thereon and confusion. Joseph Webber sat stolidly surveying the group with his broken pipe at his feet. There was some mystery yet; but the light was falling on it fast. " Whose child is this ?" The little girl, alarmed by his energy, flew towards the giantess for refuge; and the woman put her arms about her and held her tightly to her bosom. "It doesn't matter whose it is, to you." "You called it Carry ?" "Well," said the giantess, "I did!" " Her child ?--ler child? " ".And yours !-born sixteen months ago in this caravan-sent, I think, to make a lonely woman's heart lighter. Afore she ran away, on the only time I ever troubled your house, she told me of its coming and of keeping it from you until she was sure poor innocent! Ah! she was too fond of keeping back little secrete-and see now I " " Her child-and mine!" The purse fell from his hands to the table, and his hands dropped to his side. His child ! He could believe that; he had had his faint hope of that, and held his peace also; once he had pictured much future happiness, with God's blessing, in store for him. But the happiness had vanished, and God's blessing had never been bestowed upon him- hence the solitariness of his life! His child dragging an existence out in that earavan !-to be brought up in penury, and to go wrong early-thrown early, as she would be, into the temptations besetting an existence so nomadic and crude-his child, that no one had a right to keep away from him!-who had not sinned against him with the mother !-and for whom his heart yearned strangely. He became suddenly calm; but his face expressed a new resolution, that the giantess saw and paled at still more. "And she lives here with you ?-bow often does her mother come to see her? " "0 ! when she can." "See if she will come to me ?' The giantess did not release her hold im mediately-oven for an instant seemed to enfold her niece more strictly in her em brace, then she let go, her arms dropped to to her side, and Neal took out his watch and held it gleaming in the 'candlelight. The child hesitated, looked at Neal, and tottered away from Mrs. Webber towards the golden trinket, her little arms out stretched, and her greatdark eyes distending more with every step. It was the first thrill of happiness that Neal had known for a long time, and it made his chest heave and his lips quiver. He marked the emile upon the face, and though it was his wife's smile, it did not deter him; he could see his own face there, he fancied. A pencil sketch of him, drawn by his father twenty years ago, and kept by that father reverently, seemed very like this little girl! He drew his daughter on his knee, and let the watch remain in her hand. His brow contracted with thoughts, intense and anxious, and his arm stole round the child's, as Mrs. Webber's had done a moment since. There was a long silence, and the giantess nervously glanced at father and daughter more than once. It was a strange position -a strange meeting I! "I think she'd better go to sleep again," the giantess said at last. " Not yet." Another pause, then Neal said " This child you would not have told me anything concerning-and yet my claim to her is first and paramount. Why keep this truth back?" " It was wished-that's all." "To make amends for the mother's faults, and give me one object in life worth pursuiog -and yet to keep her back! To ruin her, body and soul, by a selfishness that ties her to a wretched career, when I could have saved her by a word. This must not be I" "What do you mean?" gaiped the giantess, rising to her feet, and standing against the door. "I mean to take her away!" replied Neal, rising too; " and there is no one here can stay me. 'Tell her mother that I claim my child-that I will not have her tainted by the mother's teaching, or ruined by an ex ample which with every year will become powerful for evil. Let me pass, woman I " "Wait a bit, and let us talk of this, please," said the giantess, hoarsely; " I don't see that you can-1 don't know that you can-I don't think that you ought. Joe i " Joe did not move. From his place by the fire he muttered, "I can't help. You've brought this all upon yourself-now fight it out." " I save the girl-I give her a new life; an honest homs, and a fair future lies before her. Woman I would you condemn her to your own existence, even if you had the power ?" "Sit down again-five minutes more, if you will, for all of us to think-I ask you, sir, humbly." Neal sat down with his arm round the girl still, and she, still interested in the watch, remained wondering and destructive. Thbon there ensued a long silence; the gaunt, hag gard woman crouched upon her stool again, and looked intently, intensely, over Neal's bead at the curtain, which swayed a little to and fro, and was unperceived by Neal. " I don't say it aint the best," murmured the giantess at last; "if she was my own flesh and blood, I might even part with her, for her own sake. She would grow up a better woman than ever she can here-I see that; and"-flinging her long arms wildly before her, as though appealing to some hid den witness-" it's as well to think of that. But-" She came to an abrupt conclusion, and glared beyond Neal in a bewildered fashion that would have aroused Neal's suspicion had he been watching her. But he was in terested in his child; he had made up his mind, and he.took no heed. "But," she added, after a time, "it isn't right to take the baby away. When she's older, perhaps, and can understand, and feel a mother's loss-but not now. I don't think that that's right." " can have no interference," said Neal calmly. " You had no right to keep me in ignorance of this child's existence-it is punishable by law." The tall woman shrank at the name of the law; the law was stern and hard, and she was poor and had no friends. Neal rose once more, and again the woman rose with him and set her back against the door. Joe seat still impassive, and the child still clutched the watch. "Let me pass. I have idle time too long here. I claim my child, and pay you for all trouble with that purse. Now let me go." goTwo more minutes, please," said Mrs. Webber, "and then, if everybody thinks it best-why, you must go. " "It's best," muttered Joe; "we never could afford to keep her long-and Mr. Galbraith's right for once. No thanks to me for saying so," said Joe, as though he expected Neal's gratitude for his opinion; "you're not my friend-you've done your best to kill my sister-but I speak the truth." " Another minute -only one minute more. Give everybody time to think," his wife said; " and then there needn't be any reproaches arterwards." Another minute, and then the tall woman moved away from the door, and burst into tears. " It's the best that can happen; but she's like a gal of my own, and hard to part with.. But it's the best-the best I Here take her little hat and shawl, and wrap this extra comfitter about her neck-it's the best. Keep strong all on us! You must write, and tell us of the child-we shall come and ask if you don't. God bless her !-let me put her things on behind there-I won't play you false." "Put them on here-the child is quiet enough." Neal was distrustful and retained his hold. That strange craving to take the child home gathered force with every instant; it was a new hope for him, and, he would not chance the losing of it. The baby-girl murmured and struggled a little beneath her hasty dressing--the gold watch lost half its attractions-the dark-faced man, in whose arms she was, became more repellent. " There, go before she cries," said the giantess. " I kiss her for myself-here, I kiss her for her mother, who will keep strong I hope I Here, Joe, don't sit snivelling there \--you won't lot the gal go without kissing her, though you don't like children much? " The watch dropped and hung by the length of chain-the child's instinct knew whence help would come ! Then were a pair of tiny arms outstretched, and a feeble little voice whimpered forth-" Mum-ma! ' Neal moved more rapidly with his prize; the child had begun crying. Neal's hand was on the door. Webber was standing with his back against the stove, and his wife with hands outstretched was watching Neal's departure, muttering still, as though it were a spell--" For the best it is-keep strong! keep strong!" "Mum-ma !" Thee, as it by the working of that spell, or by the breaking through it, the curtain at the end of the room was torn down, and, with a shriek of agony, a woman, with hair dis bevelled, and a ghost's face, rushed across the room, and clutched her child. " No-you shan't hove her, and with her every hope of mine! I thought it might be best till now, and that I had the strength to give her up; but I can't!-I can't -I won't !" " Yo heure!"' gasped forth Neal. "Curse me if you will!-say what you will, and think your worst, I care not!" she cried. "I am a desperate woman, and will not part with my darling-she is mine as much as yours, and is my only tio to life. Give her to me, I say ! " Neal had shaken the child suddenly from her grasp, and held her above the mother's head. He had a claim to that girl--be could not part with her at the appeal of this demented woman. Carry wrung her hands piteously together, and with a cry that echoed through the room and thrilled all hearts, she fell at the feet of him whom an unpardonable step had for ever alienated from her. "01 give my little girl!" she entreated; "I have been very wrong in thought and deed to leave you-I know that there is no pardon for it, and I will not ask it ever-but 0! don't take my child away, for Christ's sake. You can't tell what a mother's love is, or how one life is bound up with the other or how you stab me to the soul by claiming her. Don't take her!-0! don't take her!" "To be brought up in ignorance and distress-to be ever apart from a father who could have taught her better," said Neal in stifling tones. "0! don't take her!" moaned Carry again. It is my diuty." " It is not," wailed forth the mother, " not yet-not suddenly. 0 I give me time to think of this-to prepare for parting with my little girl, and not strike me down by taking her away all at once like this. In a year's time -give me one year, and, as I am a sinner, here kneeling at your feet, and calling to my God to witness all I say, I swear that I will give her up to you. But not now ! I can't !" SIn a year's time I will claim her for her soul's sake-take her now, and remember yoer promise. Let me escape from this." He thrust the child into the mother's arms, which closed upon her like a vice ; he tore open the door and leaped from the caravan into the sandy earth. He was a man haunted by all the hopes that he had had once, and which mocked him with their utter unap proachableness in that hour of awful trial. He dashed on recklessly, with the child's cry and the mother's wailing in his ears-all was misery and desolation. He struggled on through the darkness amidst the wreck of tent and booth-amidst the wreck of humanity still flitting to and fro like evnl spirits-and made his way down the hill, fighting through the wind and blinding dust to Nottingham. (To be continued.) 