Original Poetry. ON last Thursday night week I was near the bridge at the foot of Lynch-street, and I saw an ancient-looking individual, with a long beard, and slouched hat, the top of which was orna- mented with a piece of sheepskin. He had a swag on his back, and held a collie dog by a string. There was something so weird-like about the figure, and he, or it, was so motion- less, that I came to the the conclusion it was a ghost, and I was about to make off, when the figure, turning, towards Garibaldi Gully, com- menced to sing as follows:— I stood by this creek at midnight, But I never knew the hour; And the moon rose up the gully, Behind the wooded bower. I saw her bright reflections, In the waters close by me, And what was better still 1 saw— A 'possum up a tree. And far in the hazy distance, Of that frosty night in June, I saw a kangaroo hopping, And hook it pretty soon. Among the long black gum trees, The rummy shadows lay, Like murderous blackfellows sleeping, So gaunt and queer were they. And like these waters rushing, Among these wooden piers, A flood of thoughts came o'er me, And ----- sneezing brought some, tears. How often, O how often! In the days that have gone by, I've stood by this creek at midnight And gased on the sheep and sky. How often, O how often! As I patted my old watchdog, I sighed to end the year, Get my money—and have some grog. For my heart was hot and restless, With salt, beef, bread, and tea, My blood was full of thirsty salts; I longed to have a spree. But now, how changed its all become! The diggers spoilt the place; And though I lived some two years here I scarcely know its face. Yet, whenever I cross this streamlet, On this bridge with wooden piers, I thing of sheep and lambs and dogs, And------- [The ghost of Longfellow interrupted the proceedings by rushing over the railing of the bridge in an indignant manner. The vocalist ran away in the direction of the camp, calling out "Police! Police!" and, closely followed by the insulted shade, I ran away in the opposite direction as fast as 1 could.] THE AFFRIGHTED. 