MISCELLANEOUS. WONDERS OF THE UNIVERSE. what assertion will make one believe that In one second of time—one beat of the pendulum of a clock —amy of light travels over 155,000 miles, and would, therefore, perform the toar of the world In about the same time it requires to wink with oar eyelids, and in much less time than a swift runner occupies in a single stride ? What mortal can be made to believe, without de monstration, that the sun is over a million limes larger than the earth, and so far from ns that a can non ball shot directly towards it, and maintaining its full speed, would be twenty years in reaching it; yet the sun affects the earth appreciably, by its attraction, in an instant of time? Who would not ask for demonstration, when told that a gnat's wing, in its ordinary flight, beats many hundred times in a second ? Or that there exists ani mated and regularly-organised beings, many thou sands of whose bodies, lud together, would not cover the space of an inch? But what are these to the astonishing truths which modern optical enquiries have disclosed, and which teach that every point of a medium through which a ray of light passes Is affected with a succession of periodical movements, regularly recurring at equal intervals, no less than five hundred millions of millions of times in a single second ? That it is by such movements, communicated to the nerves of the eye, that we are enabled to see; nay, more, that it is the difference in the frequency which causes diversity of colour? That, for instance, in acquiring the sensation of redness, our eyes are affected four hundred and eighty-two millions of millions of times; of yellowness, five hundred and forty-two millions/of millions of times; and of violets, seven hundred and seven millions of millions of times par second? Bo not such things sound more like the ravings of madmen, than sober conclusions of people in their waking sense? They are, nevertheless, conclusions to which any one may certainly arrive, who will only'be at the trouble of examining the chain of reasoning by which they have been obtained. It is worthy of ex amination. NECROMANCERS OP OLD. The rising of ghosts was a favourite exploit of the necromancers of old. The fame of Torralva, the' Spanish magician, has been immortalised in Don Quixote. The demons that the celebrated Ttau«w artist, Benvenuto Cellini, describes as having seen when he got within the conjuror's circle, and which amazement magnified into several legions, are now believed to have been merely figures produced by a magic lantern; and their appearing in an atmosphere of perfumes is accounted for by the burning of odori ferous woods, in order to dim the vision of the spec tators. When the Emperor Charles the Fourth was married to the Bavarian Princess Sophian, in the city of Prague, the father of the tribe brought with him a waggon load of magicians to assist in the festivities. Two of the chief proficients in the part—Zytho, the Bohemian sorceror, and Guion, the Bavarian—ap peared as rivals in an extraordinary trial before an exalted assembly. After superhuman efforts to as tonish, Zytho opened his jaws from ear to ear, and swallowed his companion until his teeth touched his shoes, which he spat out because he said they had not been cleaned. The admiration of the audience was succeeded by feelings of horror, but Zytho their apprehensions by restoring the vanquished Guion in his perfect corporeal proportions to life—a triumph of art inexplicable. THE BOLDEST CRIME YET. Under this head the ' New York Journal" of the 7th February prints the following story, in the form of a telegram from Albany, with the date of the previous night:—This evening, just as the 8.30 Boston train started from the Union depot, in this city; to cross the' Hudson Biver Bridge, a man sprang into the American Express Company's car and shot the express messenger, T. A. ffalpine, through the neck, in the right eye, and in the right ear. The robber theri took the keys from the messenger and opened the safe, from which he abstracted 2259 dollars in bills. He accomplished all this while crossing the bridge, and on arriving at East Albany jumped off the train and made his escape. The crime was not discovered until the train had stood at the East Albany depot some minutes, when the wounded messenger crawled to the door of the car and attracted attention. He was im mediately taken to the City Hospital, and, notwith standing his terrible wounds, was able to converse and to give an account of the robbery. Halplne resides in this city. His recovery is not considered possible. HOW TO PREVENT WET FEET. ■ A writer in the * Mechanics' Magazine' says; "I have had three pairs of boots for the last Bix years, and I think I shall not require any "more for the next six years to come. The reason Is that I treat them in the following manner; I put a pound each of tallow and resin in a pot on the fire, and when melted and mixed apply it hot with a painter's brush until nei ther the sole nor upper will soak any more. If it is desired that the boots should immediately take a polish, dissolve an ounce of wax in a teaspoonful of turpentine anil lampblack. A day or two after the boots have been treated with the resin and tallow, rub over them this wax and turpentine, but not before the fire. Thus the exterior will have a coat of wax alone and shine like a mirror. Tallow and grease become rancid, and rot the stitching or leather; but the resin gives it an antiseptic quality, which preserves the whole. Boots or shoes should be so large as to admit of wearing cork soles. Cork is so bad a conductor of the heat that with it in the boots the feet are always warm on the coldest stone floor." The geological period known as the Tertiary Age was characterised in the Northern hemisphere by a warm and equable climate, extending even to the Polar Sea. Where now are banks of perpetual snow, at that time grew forests of luxuriant vegetation. Captain M'Clure's sledging party gathered fragments of fossil wood, acorns, and fir-cones, "far within the limits of the Arctic Circle. As high as latitude 70 de grees N., in Greenland, large forests lie prostrate and encased in ice. At Disco Island, the northern verge of European settlement, the strata are full of the trunks, branches, leaves, and even seeds and fruit cones of fir trees, elms, magnolias, and laurels. Spits bergen was clothed with as rich a vegetation. Mutual Fokbeabance—The house will be kept in turmoil where there is no toleration of each other's errors. If you lay a single stick of wood on the grate and apply fire to it, it will go out; put on another stick and they will burn; and half a dozen sticks, and you will have a blaze. If one member of the. family gets into a passion, and is iet alone, he will cool down, and probably be ashamed and repent. But oppose temper to tempsr, pile on the fuel, draw in others of the group, and let one harsh answer be followed by another, and there will be a blase that will entrap them alL The Russian Minister of War has submitted a scheme to the Emperor, according to which military service will be incumbent on the population for a period of fifteen years. Of this period the men will serve seven with the colours. Twenty-five per cent, of the class twenty-one years of age: will be levied annually. Immunity by purchase is abolished. The educated classes age permitted to enter the army as volunteers, at seventeen years of age, and get the benefit of a shorter period of service. Those able to pass certain examinations will bapromoted to com missions. We know a minister who was generally able to keep his congregation wide awake, but who, on one occa sion—it was a sultry summer day—observed numbers of them asleep. He resolved to nip. the evil practice in the bud. So, taking a good survey of the scene before and around him, he exclaimed, " I saw an ad vertisement last week for 500 deepen for a railroad. I think I could supply at least 50, and recommend them as good and sound!" 'It is perhaps needless to add that the supply instantly vanished. Massachusetts rejoices in a baby that Is a represen tative of six living generations. -The baby is five weeks old; its mother is seventeen, its grandmother thirty-five, its great-grandmother fifty-one, its great groat- grandmother sixty-nine, and its groat-groat-groat grandmother ninety years old, all of whom arewidowa and in robust health. Horace Greeley, the most successful working jour nalist in the world, in reply to a gentleman who asked him how a good editor was to be mode, said that he didn't know any other way than to feed him on ink, put him in a printing- office, and let 1dm work his I way up. A Western paper thus records the demise of a favourite dog, killed by a lightning stroke " The bolt it flew, and the pup he yowled, As the lightning pierced his hide; It sapped his vital energies, So he flummnxed, flicked, and died." "It seems to me I have seen your physiognomy somewhere before,'* said a fop to a stranger whom he met, "but I cannot imagine where;". "Very likely," replied the other; " I have been the governor of a prison for the last twenty years." Dr. Parkes, of London, has been experimenting with the effects of brandy upon a "healthy soldier." He makes out a terrible record of the acceleration of the action of the heart, but the soldier rather liked it. Nothing is so great an instance of ill-manners as flattery. If you flatter all the company yon please none; if you flatter only onebr two, you affront the rest. 