TOWN TALK. The mail. steamer Nubia, with - the English mails on board, arrived at, the Heads at 9.20 last evening, and anchored' for the night at 9.40. The bags containing the mails for Geelong were delivered at Queenscliffc at 10.30 p.m., and arrived in town at 1.30 a.m. Under these circum stances'letters and newspapers by the mail would be delivered in town this morning. Information reached town on Monday evening of a very painful accident, which happened at Darriwil, at 3 o'clock yester day afternoon. It appears that a little fellow 2J years old, the youngest son of Mr George Hope, and grandson of Dr. Hope, M.Ij.C., was missed about the 'time stated, and after a quarter of an hour's vigorous search the body of the child was found in a waterhole at the rear of the stables, being quite dead. "What makes the accident 'the more, distressing is the fact that the child's parents were away from home at the time. How the. little fellow got into the waterhole no one appears to know. The inquest will probably be held to-day. Another lawsuit is pending against the Barrabool Shire Council. Mr Thomas Yates, formerly a contractor for the coun- ( cil, having sued them for extras on a con tract at the last County Court and. failed in his suit, has since tumbled into an excava tion on one of the roads of the shire, and the result is that the secretary has been served with a summons for damages. The solatinm is sought at the General Sessions to be holden on the 3rd October, and the council have taken the necessary steps to make a good defence. A frightful accident occurred on Monday morning at the Steam Biscuit Factory in Cavendish-street. Thomas O'Neil, a lad abput 14 years of age, was engaged feeding the rollers with dough when a piece falling on the cogs of the machinery beneath he made an effort to snatch it, and his right hand was immediately caught and mangled between the iron teeth of the revolving wheels. The thnmb and palm of the hand from the finger to the wrist were lacerated and fearfully crushed, in fact the Sogers were almost detached. On his removal subsequently to the hospital chloroform was administered, and the hand was ampu tated above the wrist. Quails are said to be remarkably plentiful on the Barrabool Hills, at present. Some of the farmers state that they never saw them so numerous at the same season in former years. Mr Walters informs us that he. had witnessed.regular flocks of them among his young crops, and during the past few weeks he has noticed more hares than he,has seen during, the whole of the time he resided in that part of-the district. As soon as the close season is over, there is, therefore, an excellent prospect for sport. Mr Hunt, informs. us that the party'of prospectors who it was stated had found some specimens of coal about a week ago have now discovered a seam of lignite between seven and eight feet in thickness The seam is about three feet from the sur face, and the quality of the lignite is good. The prizes offered to the scholars of the Technological School were distributed on Monday evening, in the school-room, when there was a fair attendance of visitors. Mr li. de B. Jobnstone occupied the chair, and in a brief speech introduced the hon. W. M. K. Yale, M.P., who delivered a very good speech, alluding to the origin and progress of the Technological Commission, and to the like efforts that had been put forth in Prussia. He stated that there were now fifteen or twenty schools in connection with the commission, and about 1500 scholars. Several other speeches were made,- the prizes .were awarded, and altogether an instructive evening was spent": by those assembled. , - On Monday Mr Peter. Marshall, on behalf of the residents of the Diick'Ponds, presented a petition to thekon. _ Commis sioner of Crown Lands, requesting that ten acres of land might be reserved for a ceine-' tery. : The 1 request was granted, and in structions given to the surveyor to mark off the land. : : > V : Another runaway accident occurred in town about six o'clock on Monday night. It appears that a horse, having a buggy attached, in which was Mrs Rice, of the Black Bull hotel, took fright when passing the cabstand in Ryrie-street, and ran into Mr Hiscox's cart, which was standing at his shop door. The latter's horse bolted along ityrie-stregt and down Moorabool street, when it made straight for'the Olive Branch hotel door, but fortunately one of the wheels of the cart caught against the post outside, and thjs allowed time for Sergeant Goodenough i to lay hold of the reins, and so prevent any further damage. The post was broken short off, and one of the shafts was broken. No damage whatever was sus tained by the buggy. Mounted Constable Forbes, in conse quence of his illness resulting from the injuries sustained from the attack of a bull, has been compelled to retire from the mounted service. On Monday he tendered to the Barrabool Council his resignation of the appointments he held under that body. In leaving the Mount Moriac Station, where he hss efficiently performed his duties hitherto, Mr Forbes is obliged to sacrifice a home that he had just made comfortable, and a garden that he spent time and money in getting cultivated. The sole reason for bis sudden recal is ascribed to his illness rendering him unable to attend properly to his duties, and no doubt it is intended to put an experienced and efficient officer in his place. Mr Forbes, it may be added, has been about twelve years in the mounted service. There was a full attendance of members of the Regatta Committee cn Monday even ing, when a very liberal and attractive pro gramme of the races was submitted and adopted. The remainder of the business was mostly of s routine character. The receipts on the Government lines of railway still maintain the improvement noticeable for several weeks past. For the week ending the 21st instant, the amount was £11,750 9s Id, against £11,787 6s lOd for the week immediately preceding, and £10,409 6s for the corresponding week of last year. The total receipts to date from the 1st of July hi each year now stand as follows:—1871, £!-2£i867 9s lOd ; 1870, £115,661 7s 7d. Weekly average, 12 weeks:—1871, £10,738 ISs Jd; 1870, £9638 8s lid. Ths landholders about Freshwater Creek, are taking active steps to eradicate the Cape weed. They form parties who turn out. and cat it wherever they find it—on their own or their neighbour's land, us the case may lie—and totally stamp it out. Il not attended to at once it increases so fast that in a short time it will overrun the district, and the land will become value lm for any purpose. The Nubia, which mode her first ap pearance at Port Phillip Heads, on Monday, is certainly tlie largest, and, perhaps, the most beautiful specimen of naval archi tecture that has ever been sent ont here by ] the Peninsula and Oriental Company. She is built of iron, and is a very long ship, ' with three masts, calculated to bear a large amount of canvas when the wind is favour able. When met by the Health Officer's boat, she glided gracefully past it down to iter anchorage, hardly raising a ripple. Seldom have we seen so large a vessel go through the water so easily, and with no apparent effort on the part of her screw. Sim bas a splendid saloon; from a hasty glance we should imagine it to be fully a I hundred feet long, and nearly eight feet high ; and her engine room was a model of cleanliness. If the P. and O. Company continue to place such magnificent vessels on the line,' the owners of such a monster as the Nebraska will have to alter the style of their ships. The annual public meeting in connection with the TPesleyan missions was held at the Tarra-street Wesleyan Church, on Monday. There was a moderate attend ance, and the Mayor presided. Mr Link read the annual report of the missions, shewing that there had been a considerable falling off in the amount contributed towards their support during the present year, as compared with the past. The Mayor also adverted at some length to the fact ° that the subscriptions from the colonies exhibited a marked falling off and that the aid extended to the missions from Geelong and fiallarat did not compare I favorably with the contributions from other sources. - After disposing of a quantity of statistics he concluded by urging upon those [ present the claims of the mission. Ad dresses were then -. delivered by the Revs. P. C. TTssher, C. S. Y. Price, and Jesse I Carey. .The latter having been for twelve years engaged as a missionary among the natives of the Fiji islands, gave a very in teresting account of their habits, industries, aud the progress" of missionary enterprise among that group of islands. Some further | addresses having been delivered the pro ceedings, which were of an interesting nature;were brought to a close in the usual j way. The usual weekly meeting of the Gee long Young Men's Association was held in their rooms, - Yarra-street, on Monday evening. Mr A. J. Owen opened a dis cussion on'" Phrenology as a science of the mind." Having carefully introduced his subject, Mr. Owen proceeded to trace its | progress from the time, of its earliest, ex ponents, proving—1st. That the brain is the organ of the mind. = 2nd. That the faculties are innate. 3rd. That the form and size of the skull indicate the formation of the brain. 4th. That the mind is com posed of distinct faculties, each having a I distinct cerebral organ, oth. That the size | of the organ may be estimated during life, and that other things being equal size is the measure of power. 6th. That each mental faculty when predominently active induces certain uniform attitudes and positions of the body, called its natural language. He next proceeded to describe and refute the various reasons . adduced against the science, including fatalism, materialism, scepticism, and the objections of some anatomists. In conclusion, he referred at length to the advantages to be derived from the study of the science. Some discussion followed, and, as time would not allow of its continuance, the j matter was adjourned till next meeting, when the discussion .will be resumed. I To-night the members of the Catholic | Young Men's Association are to give an entertainment, consisting of songs, dia logues, and recitations, at the Mechanics' Institute. The programme of pieces shews that a* judicious selection has beeu made, and, no doqbt, a pleasing evening's erijoyr ment will he afforded their audience. The Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan will preside, and, it may be stated, that the proceeds of the entertainment are to be used for a good purpose. ' ✓ • An important sale of town property was held by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson on Monday, when that block of buildings from Ogilrie and Robinson's corner down to and including the stone building recently occupied by Messrs Reeves and Co., was sold to Mr Belcher for £2550. The front age to Moorabool street was 164 feet, with 99 feet frontage to Corio street. The wooden buildings now on the block are to he removed or sold to the purchaser for a sum not exceeding £250. , The cultivation of that beautiful ever green tree the willow appears to be on the increase in the gardens of Geelong, as young trees are to be seen springing np in every direction. It is one of the best growing trees known—will grow almost anywhere, and more luxuriantly in damp soil. This heing the case, it has long been a source of surprise that the South Barwon Borough Council have never commenced to . plant willows on the southern side of the ! river. It would cost them very little for fencing- and nothing for trees; all that would have to be done in the planting line would he to stick cuttings into the soil, and then leave them to their own resources. A row of willows a chain or half a chain from the river side would leave a pleasant drive for the numerous visitors who- may be expected at a Barwon regatta or Barwon "Club " trial four" match, and it is hoped the suggestion made will be acted upon. The motley assemblage that was to be seen under .the portico of the Custom House, - on the stairs,. andrin both rooms connected with the survey department, on the occasion of the sitting" of the Land Board, oh Saturday, would have formed an interesting subject for the student • of character. It consisted of persons of ail ages, male andfemale, married and. single.' There was the horny-handed labouring man, the father of from two to eight children, young men about to commence farming, daughters of suspiciously youth ful appearance, who sought to increase the famiiy wealth by applying for lots con- j tiguous to those applied for by their j parents, fashionably dressed young ladies, who did not particularly care, whether the board was favourable or not, anxious wives of talking propensity, who looked' daggers at those who appeared to "oppose their husbands, and who would have advocated their claims much better than those hus bands did had they been allowed to do so, and in fact there was. a specimen of almost every class in life. The majority were appli cantsfor the rich land contained in the water reserve, close to the township of Drysdale, The total area available for selection! was only about 130 acres, but for this small quantity—Mr Grant having wisely deter mined not to allow any one person to select more than five acres—there were forty-four applicants. The land, in fact, perfectly bristled with pegs, which looked as if they had been sown there, and come up with white tops. As a matter of course, many had pegged put the same, or about the same land, and the board therefore deter mined to hear them in batches, and give priority of choice to the first to peg/prefer ence being given to married men against siugle, or to the poorest man, when two or three were pegged out at the same time. There was also some excitement about the Lethbridge lloinan Catholic reserve, and other land at Lethbridge, Messrs M'Cor rnick, Piacott, Price, and Stavcley appear ing to support the claims of the various applicants, but none of the solicitors found much to do, as the board preferred eliciting all necessary information from the appli cants themselves. The court sat for over five hours, and during this time many curious and laughable incidents occurred, the Mayor ou several occasions asking a man if he had got a " a wife of his own," a • common expfession enough, still one that sounds very strangely. One applicant, named Michael Dclahuntv, in reply to "the board, said he thought he had pegged out, but did not kuow; nor did he know where the land was. As the board could not find the land for him, his application was neces sarily refused. Another applicant, a big lump of a young fellow, could not tell how oil he was, bin thought be was seventeen last birthday. And so we might go on and fill a column with absurdities. One man, in answer to the Mayor, stated that he had two wives and seven children, hut forgetting to say that his first spouse died some ywra ago, From Mr Robert L. Bell, one of the pas sengers by the Xubia, we learn that Mr I .Uoffatt was not, as has been generally J supposed, ill for any lengthened period. He withstood the' heat in the Red Sea as well as any of the other passengers; but a day or two afterwards it was noticed that he had his meals sent to him in his private cabin. Still nothing was thought of this— it appeared to be simply lassitude. He, however, became worse, and for three days suffered from intermittent fever, and died I at twenty minutes past 12 on the morning ! of the otb, when just off Halle. Mr Bell was the only person on board who knew [ Mr Moffatt, and he took npon himself all the arrangements connected with the burial of one of our Victorian pioneers. We feel assnred it will please his many friends when we state that Major John Bell is in good health, and purposes to return to this colony either by the next mail or the one after it. At about six o'clock on Monday evening the paddle-wheel steamer Nebraska passed through the Heads, and almost every glas3 on the Cliff was brought to bear on her. The general opinion was that she was no beauty, and her beam- engine, although a novelty in these waters, was not admired. She stood a great height out of the water, and appeared to possess an immense beam. Whether she- could go twelve knots an hour or not was freely discussed, and one gentleman who had been on board of her questioned her speed. Few such rusty, or at any rate, dirty engines could, he said, send such a big hulk along at that speed. The weekly rehearsal of the Philhar monic Society will take place this evening, at the usual place and time. The fourth lecture on the-life of Moses •was delivered on Sunday evening in the Presbyterian High Church, by the Rev. T. M'Kenzie Fraser, the subject being the mission to Pharoah. The lecturer re marked that the'first demand for- the. liberation of Israel was from » wordly point of view a most unreasonable one, involving, as it would have done, a sacrifice of about £300,000,000 of our money. It would have been' somewhat parallel to a demand on the slave statej of America to liberate all their slaves. Pharoah looked at the matter as.a politician, anxious for the good of his kingdom, and therefore rejected the demand of an unknown God. Prom reasons of policy Pharoah refrained from ordering the execution of the audacious messengers, but rendered them unpopular among their countrymen by increasing the oppression of tHc Hebrews. The lecturer showed that the labours of the Israelites were a source of immense profit to the revenue of the Crown, brick-making being a royal monopoly. He .described the inte resting picture discovered by Kosellini,- in which men with Jewish features are de picted in the various brauches of brick making. He showed the perfect natural ness and credibility of the narrative, and said that if the keepers had described the J variousscenes he couldnot have done it more I philosophically. He also pointed out the I candour with which Moses had described the weakness of his own faith, and said that the Pentateuch could not have been written by a political demagogue jealous of his own religious reputation and influence. The lec turer then described the miracle of chang ing the rod. into a serpent, and illustrated the tricks of the -Egyptian sorceress by an incident which he had witnessed in India, when a native juggler had turned an appa rent witch into a living snake. He then grap pled with the difficult subject of the harden ing of Pharaoh's heart by Divine agency, maintaining that it was more than a mere negative permission, but less than a direct sp.ritual influence on his heart and will. The Divine agency was providential, and consisted in the employment of those means which exasperated instead of softening the heart of the Egyptian monarch. In illus tration of this he showed, first, the graduality of the miracles and plagues, so that the mind of Pharaoh became habituated by degrees to conflict with the Divine will; and, secondly; the religious character of the contest, which was a war between Jehovah and the gods of Egypt, so that Pharaoh was the cham pion of idolatry, and was sustained by reli gious bigotry. He Baid that the case of j Pharaoh was reproduced at the present day in those instances, so frequently observed, in which the Divine Providence seems to conspire with a man's own sins in develop ing the worst passions of the human heart, affording scope for their exercise, aud placing men in the very circumstances iu which they are exposed, to temptations exactly corresponding to their proclivities. In conclnsion, he glanced at three general features of the plagues of Egypt1st. They were Divine exaggerations of natural phenomena; 2nd. Their extreme rapidity, the whole series occupying only nine weeks; 3rd. Rapidly as they followed each other, warning was always given, and time allowed for repentance. In succeeding lectures, Mr Eraser intimated he would consider the plagues of Egypt in detail, and closed with one or two solemn practical reflections. At the close of the service a collection was made in aid of the Infirm Ministers' Fund. A finely executed photographic view of Geelorig, taken on board the' Cerberus, is now on view at Mr Morton's. It takes in Messrs Dennys & Co.'s old store on the west, up to near Limeburners' Point; on the cast. -The length of the picture is thirty-six inches, and it is fully calculated to give people at home an idea of what Geelong is like." mere was a great rush to peg oat Roth well Reserve "n Saturday, the excitemdnt being as great as it was when the Drysdale Reserve was thrown open. The entertainment at the Temperance Halt, on Monday evening, was a success in every point of view, the audience number ing'nearly: 250, and there beiug nearly' thirty pieces set down in the programme. Mr H. N. Harrison presided, and every hing passed off rath ccZai. The hearing of two petty debt,cases con stituted the whole of the business at the Ceutcal Police Court on Monday. The Mayor and Mr Belcher were the presiding magistrates in attendance. Another engine has burst on the Go vernraent railway, which makes the third within the last few months. It is said the. engine had only recently undergone an overhaul. Tasmania's, totaling fleet now numbers twenty: vessids! The Derwent Hunter reached Port a few days back, after a seven, months' cruise, with eighty-seven ; tuns1 'The quantity received during the month is 169 tuns; and 102 tuns are known to be afloat. In connection with the now celebrated Tichborne case we (Age) understand that Mr Stewart (of Malleson, England, and Stewart) has offered a reword of £100 for the famous Wagga Wagga poeket took. • Joseph "Wellington, one of the earliest residents' of Eldorado, who gave a name to the Wellington claim, was found dead near the Golden Ball Hotel, on the Mel bourne road, between Beechworth and Tarrawingee, ou Saturday, at about half past five in the afternoon. It is supposed that he was killed by a fall from a cart or by a cart falling ou him. There is a report that a man has fallen oil the long bridge at North Wangaratta, and been drowned. The Post says that diptberia appears to be prevalent at Ballarat, at the present time. In one family, at Golden Point, three of the younger members have died within the past lew months. On Sunday, j the 17th instant, a healthy and promising girl 14 years of age, one of those referred to above, was found to be suffering from | the complaint and medical assistance was at once obtained, hut all to no purpose, j On Saturday last she succumbed to the j disease, as her relatives had done a few J weeks before. On the passage out of the ship Niagara, from London, she met with some unusually I severe weather, and had her decks swept, doing such damage to one of the valuable blood horse imported by the late Mr Hoffatt | that it had to be shot. Unfortunately the | animal was a brood marc, and in foal to Caractacus. The remaining four are stated : by the Age to have arrived safely, and with the exception of a few skin wouuds j received daring the time their hoaieww smashed, are in good order. After the horse boxes were smashed up, the horses were put into the forecastle, where they -.vera kept until the second cabin was gutted and fitted up for them, the passengers being iransferred to the saloon. One of the pas sengers, a Mr James Turner, who was in charge of the horses, died from natural causes on the 13th of last month. We have received a copy of the Express, a paper which now for the first time 'makes its appearance at Seymour. It presents in every way a very creditable appearance, and it is to bo hoped will deserve and meet with success. We extract from its columns the following item:—A most determined act of self-destruction has been committed by a Chinaman named -^h Cow. It ap pears that he was about to proceed to Melbourne on Thursday evening, but failing to secure a seat in the coach, was brought to Mabon's Prince of Wales Hotel by his brother, a market gardener, where he got a bed for the night. On the following day (Friday) Ah Cow eomplained of being ill, and remained in his room, at the rear of the hotel, where he was seen alive about four o'clock. At a quarter to fire, however, his brother visited his bedroom and. there found Ah Cow lying on his face and hands, in.the midst of a pool of blood, a razor, with which the unfortunate man committed the rash act of severing the jugular vein, lying near his feet. He must have gone to work in a most determined manner, as a looking glass, which had been hanging on the.wall previously, lay near him, ^and'he had evidently taken this from, its place the better to effect his deadly purpose ; the brother of the deceased states that the latter was afraid of ghosts. The Age notices that a private trial of a new explosive compound. styled giant pow der, was made at the Saudridge butts on Saturday.afternoon, and the result proved satisfactory. The .trial consisted of. the propulsion of a 321b spherical shot from a mortar. A charge of Aoz of the best blasting powder was first tried, but this only carried the shot 18 inches above the mouth of the weapon. A^ozof the giant powder was next tried, and the shot .was sent a distance of 50 feet. A Joz charge ?hrew the shot about 150 feet, and jjoz of the powdet sent it'several hundred feet. A metal plate, three inches in thickness, was rent in two by the explosion of a small portion of the powder on top of it. It is intended to haTe a public trial of the com pound in the course of a few days, when the new powder will be further tested. We (Newcastle Chronicle) hare becu placed in possession of the following few particulars as to a novel mode practised recently, by a free selector not many miles from our city, with a view to exterminate an accumulation of vermin in one of his cattle. In the first instance, the selector to whom reference is made, bathed the animal well with some of the purest of kerosene oil—having previously been apprised by a neighbour of its usefulness for the purpose intended. After some considerable time was thus occupied, the animal, in the mean while, being very submissive^ it was con sidered that an excellent job had been accomplished; and, in order- to ascertain whether any portion of the cow had still escaped the kerosene ablution, a careful inspection was made, when it was dis covered that near the leg was a small spot which had failed to become saturated with oil, and in this par ticular place a large quantity of ver min had collected. To remove these, it was decided to bring the aid of another agent into requisition, and, accordingly, without much delay, a lighted "faggot of wood was held near the spot. It is almost unnecessary to mention the fact that, in an instant the poor brute was enveloped in flames, and, seized with terror, darted off at a tremendous pace through the woods, overtaking in her flight a couple of sawyers, who for a moment stood in amazement at(f~) the scene, but speedily decamped, leaving the cow in its sad plight. The unfortunate creature, when overtaken or found by her owner, had by some means contrived to extinguish the flames, but we believe "was scarcely recognisable, as the hair was - com pletely gone, whilst - the "flesh also-was severely burnt. It is to be trusted that this experimentalising upon dumb animals, with so dangerous a commodity as kerosene, will after this be discontinued by onr friend, who has thus far, through his un foreseen carelessness, deprived himself for the present of the ase of a valuable animal. Two Pacific Railway exploring parties have left Ottawa, proceeding up" the river, and a third since. Mr Langevin assured his Quebec audience the other day that the railway would be built without taking a cent out of the people's -pocket. The two probable routes are across the Rocky Mountains, and through British Columbia. It is expected that before long Mr Selwyn will make a geological survey of the new provinces.'" 