QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY RACES. Second Day: Thub&day;, Mat 25. Stewards— Sir John Moiphett, Hon. John Baker, Hon. John Crorier, Messrs.1 C. B. Fisher and H. C. Gleeson, M.P. Judge— Mr. John Chambers. Starter— Mr. 6. Bennett. Secre tary— Jnr. m. u. uonner. The clerk of the weather was In a radiant mood on Thursday, and thus falsified the un generous suspicion that he had exhausted his favours on the Queen's Birthday. Although the clouds were more numerous and the heat of the sun stronger on the second than they had been on the first day, yet there was nothing in either of which any reasonable sportsman or sports* woman ceuld complain. There was not an atom of dust, and for this circumstance a special liba tion was felt tobe due to the eccentric official above named, and was accordingly paid in duplicate and triplicate at Mr. Aldridge's bar. The public did not manifest anything like the anxiety to be punotual that it had on the previous day. The c'rect card fixed 1 o'clock as the hour for opening thej proceedings, hut not until some tune later did the regular stream of arrivals set in. When the twelve Maidens received orders to go to the post there was a very sparse display of the human element in and around the saddling paddock. As the afternoon wore on, however, and the time for the more sensational events approached, people flocked in from all quarters. His Excellency and his Private Secretary arrived shortly before 2 o'clock, to find the front seats of the Grand Stand occupied by ladies, and the enclosure filled by an assemblage of persons who in number and position— political and social — compared favourably with the special con course of the Queen's Birthday. The aspect of affairs outside gave indication that by some mysterious process or another the one holiday had been stretched to two. Once again upon all the fences and upon all the vehicles— the number and description of the latter being legion — swarmed the unprivileged classes, aggregating two or three thousand at least. A long row of booths identified with^ well-known city publicans provided for these drink without measure, whilst the Sea Lions and the pro prietor of a shooting gallery competed for public ' patronage in the intervals of the five-act racing drama which formed the chief item in the afternoon's entertainment. In the Stand the brass band played merrily and perseveringly, and amongst the crowd the police preserved order effectively, yet unosten tatiously. Two or three rushes were got up by reports that great feats of pugilism were being performed, but the alarm, was either false in each instance or the im portance of the events greatly exaggerated. A little sparring occurred between two jocks, but whilst it was yet uncertain what the ultimate result would be, mutual friends with scant courtesy parted them. One poor fellow who had been perched upon the high palings of the saddling paddock either. lost consciousness or allowed his feelings to become too many for him, and fell headlong to the ground. When first taken up he looked very serious indeed, but a copious application of cold water and a little smart exercise, carried out under the direction of two good Samaritans, brought him round. The first act in the sporting drama was the race for the Maidens. Thirteen stood on the card for this, but Iris hEing was disqualified, and Marquis was drawn, so that only eleven competed. As usual very little was known about the capabilities of the horses, and betting was not brisk. The struggle lay between Don Giovanni, Kingfisher, Ithaca, and Nonna, and Mr. Gilbert's colt came off beat. For the Queen's Hundred there were eleven acceptors, but owners, with an excess of prudence which will probably be called by another name across the Border, drew out one alter the other, leaving tho race entirely in Nimblefoot's hands. There were only three starters— Glendower, who made ft fine spurt at first, and then threw up the game; Flying Scud, a station horse, who to the surprise of every one persistently hung on to the favourite, and kept him up to a stiff racing pace for a full mils of the distance ; and finally Nimblefoot. 0 course a horse capable of frightening eight com petitors— some of them high in local reputa tion— out of the field, could not fail to excit ) curiosity, and so Lang had to hold a series of levees from the tune his horse was unclothed until he got him fairly out of the paddock. The second act of the drama had decidedly dragged, but with the third the interest began to revive, and before its conclusion it had attained to fever heat. The event was the Steeplechase, and the incidents proved to be thrilling enough for a well-seasoned melodrama of the modern type. There were seven performers, and as the curtain rose their appearance was closely criticised. The huge ungainly figure of Topthorne, who shows dayb'ght enough under his body for the horse of Troy itself, attracted but little notice. Nabocklish was in good condition; but no amount of fitness would have raised him to the first place in public opinion, for the simple reason that public opinion had predetermined that there were only thee horses to be thought of in the race. Of these Celt took the third place, although an examination of him ought to have convinced the sceptical that he had all the appearance of a winner. His training had been scrupulously attended to, and he was quite as likely-looking as before his last victory on the same course. Lightfoot was placed ? second, but on what ground it was hard to discover, for he didn't seem at all in order to make the stakes a hard bargain for the favourite. Monk was in choice form; his turn in Victoria has evidently ,done him a world of good in teaching him regular habits in the field, and his condition reflects great credit upon whoever has had him in hand. Dinah and Playboy were both in good trim, and but for accidents it is hard to say how the victory would have inclined. Most inexplicably Celt at the very first fence fell, and as he in sisted upon taking the circuit on his own account, and could not be caught until the had completed it, he was of course thrown out completely. Dinah ran a splendid race for two and a half out of the three miles, taking the fences with the utmost ease, and keeping the lead to boot. In the first round she lost her stirrup-iron, and in the second came to grief miserably, injuring herself, it is feared permanently, and giving her rider (Williams) a very awkward tumble. Lightfoot did credit to the penetration- of his backers, for he ran well, and notwithstanding a fall, which did no damage of consequence to any one, shot past the post second. Nabocklish took his time to the running, and succeeded in getting in third. Topthorne took a couple of fences, and then retired from sight, no doubt greatly to the relief of his rider, who must have felt it hard to risk his neck on an animal that had not the ghost of a chance. Playboy showed himself quite at home with timber, and took the leaps splendidly all but the thirteenth, over which he stumbled, and in landing rolled over on his back, crushing his rider (Giles) underneath him. The sight was disagreeable enough, but it became still more sickening when Light foot, who was pressing close upon him, followed his lead, and fell heavily to the ground, fortunately without ill-consequences either to the jockey or himself. Giles in a perfectly unconscious state 'was carried tb the Grand Stand, where he revived, and was sent away home. It is gratifying to know that although . the incidents of the race were unpleasantly exciting, there are after all no lives lost, or even limbs broken. The fourth and fifth acts it is unnecessary to- say much about. The SelHne: Stakes, after a hotly- contested race, fell to. Pickpocket, who was bought in for £38— £18 over his declared price. Nimblefoot entered for the Forced Handicap, but was weighted so heavily that he withdrew, leaving Darkie, Mentor, and three others to try conclusions. The old horse came in first, but his claim to the stakes has been disputed by Mentor's rider, and the question will not be settled until this morning. ^ The arrangements throughout were unexcep tionable. The list of events is appended. Maidens.— 30 sovs., added to a sweep of 5 sovs. One mile. Weight for age. For all horses that have never won an advertised race of 20 sovs. Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, by Sky scraper out of Remnant by Fisherman. 3yrs.,9st.(Tothill)... ... ... ./. i Hon. J. Baker's b.c. Don Giovanni, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Mathews) ? ... ... 2 jMr.B, Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs, (J. Hill) ... ?-.. ... ... 3 Mr. J. Arthur** b.c. Norman, 3 yrs., 9 st. (Lang). '?? ? MtTg; Bennett's c.f. Pocahontas, 2 jra., 6 st. 9 lbs. (Ward). _ ^ii . ??. . ., Mr* Oi Adcock'sbr.m. Lady Wildauy* yre,, 9 st 9 lbs. (dr.) ' '-? Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Freeholder, aged, : 10st., lib. (dr.) Mr. J. Harvey's b.f. Norma; 4 yrs.} 9 st 9 lbs. (Harvey). Mr. Birrell's b.g. Leapyear, 6 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (Stevens). . .. r Mr. T. Jackson's b.m. Empress, aged, 10 st. . 1 lb. (T. Hanley). - Mr. P. McEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, , . 4 yre., 9 st. 9 lbs. (Webber). .????' Mr. Pitman's g.g. Marquis, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (dr.) The start for this race could not be seen from the Stand, owing to a clump of trees. There was a little fidgettmg, caused chiefly by Don Giovanni's fractiousness, but at the word of command Norma got to the lead. Kingfisher without loss of time challenged and passed her, and immediately afterwards Don Giovanni and Leapyear did the same. At the south-west turn Mr. Baker's colours showed in the front for a few moments, Empress taking third. At the end of the half-mile Kingfisher pushed forward, and after a smart tussle defeated the Don, Pocahontas pressing into third place. On enter ing the straight the positions of all but the first two horses were shifted considerably, Norman and Ithaca supplanted the Ace filly, and struggled briefly for pre-eminence— the result being in favour of the latter. Kingfisher got past the Judge's post first, three or four lengths ahead, hands down, Don Giovanni, flogging hard, second, Ithaca third, Norman fouth, Pocahontas fifth. Time (approximate only), 1 min. 50 sec. Queen's Hundred.— 100 sovs., added to a sweep ot 5 sovs. Two miles. Weight forage. Second horse to receive 10 sovs. out of the sweep. Mr. H. Hoskin's b.g. Nimblefoot by Panic out of Quickstep, aged, 10 st. 1 lb. (Lang) 1 Mr. Sands's br.g. Flying Scud, 4 yrs., 9st. 7 lbs. (Amateur) ? 2 Mr. R. Holland's e.g. Glendower, 6 yrs., lOst. lib. (W.Simpson) ? 3 Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, aged, 10 st. lib. (drj Mr. R. Holland's b.g. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 8 st. 8 lbs. (dr.) Mr. T. J. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 yrs., 10 st. 1 lb. (dr.) Mr. O. Adcock's b.h. Centurion, 5 yrs., 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. Lambert's b.m. Flyaway, 4 yrs., 9 st. 7 lbs. (dr.) Mr. G. Baker's b.h. Paul Jones, 5 yrs., 10 st. lib. (dr.) Mr. T. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, aged, 10 st. lib. (dr.) One by one the field dwindled down until none but Nimblefoot, Glendower, and Flying Scud were left. Some of the scratching did not take place until after the ' Go to the post' bell had. been rung. Of course there was no betting, for considering the weights and the horses it was a mere gift to Lang. Flying Scud declared 3 lbs. over. Glendower got away first, and passed the Stand at a tremendous pace, closely pursued by Nimblefoot, who, before reaching the north west turn, took the lead. The Scud now put on a spurt, and having passed Glendower raced neck and neck with the favourite for fully half a mile. He was not finally beaten off until the entrance to the run in, when Lang put two or three distances between the horses, coming in an easy winner; Glendower made a bad third. Time, 3 min. 51 sec. — a second more than Cowra's time for the Adelaide Cup. Handicap Steeplechase.— 40 sovs., added to a sweep of 4 sovs.; 1 sov. nomination; 3 sovs. acceptance. About three miles, over such jumps as Stewards may appoint. Mr. T. J. Ryan's br.g. Monk, aged, 12 st. 1 lb. (W. Simpson) ? 1 Mr. J. Mullins's b.g. Lightfoot, aged, 11 st. 41bs.(Alford) ? 2 Mr. T. Maloneys b.g, Nabocklish, 5 yrs, 9 st. 7 lbs.(H. Rowe) ... ? 3 Mr. V. V. Brown's b.m. Dinah, late Seagull, aged, 9 st. (Williams). Mr. R: G.Harmer'sbr.g. Playboy, aged, 10 st. 41b. (Giles). Mr. I. Henderson's b.h. Celt, aged, 11 st. (Robinson). Mr. A. L. Blake's b.g. Topthorne, aged, 9 si. 7 lbs. (Amateur). The course for a steeplechase was not a very stiff one— 14 fences, and no water-jump. The start ing place was in front of the Stand, and the distance twice round the race paddock. Top. thorne, Nabocklish, and Playboy were treated by the general public with quiet neglect, and Dinah could only number a few friends; the three supposed to be in were Monk, Lightfoot, and Celt, and the brown was greatly pre ferred to the bays. Celt showed the way to and over the first fence, but making too. much of a .task of the leap over balanced himself, shot Robinson out of the way, and scrambling to his feet set off in hot chase after Dinah and Monk. He took the second fence like a bird, and then swerved into the flat course, which he followed up to the Stand, coming in a good third. Here he was arrested by the crowd and remounted by Robin son. Meanwhile Dinah had assumed the lead so unfortunately relinquished by Celt, and closely pressed by Monk took the second fence beauti fully. Two seconds later Nabocklish and Play boy cleared _ it, but Topthorne, in essaying to do likewise, came to grief, scratched his knees, and convinced his jock tbat it was not worth jeopardising his neck again on the chance of winning. At the third fence Dinah lost her stirrup-iron, but Williams held on manfully, lifting the mare over jump after jump, and bringing her past the Stand in the first round with a strong lead. Just before reaching this point Lightfoot drew up to the favourite, and the pair took the seventh hurdle side by side. A cheer broke from the spectators, but neither horse could fairly appropriate it as a speciality, seeing that it was renewed on the appearance of Playboy and Nabocklish. At the eighth leap the order was— Dinah, Lightfoot, Monk, . but this was immediately afterwards changed into Monk, Dinah, Lightfoot. At the ninth the mare once more took the lead, and preserved it to the tenth, where she fell heavily, severely shaking her. rider, who had held on' for just a mile and a half without the stirrup-iron. Lightfoot now took up the contest on behalf of the outsiders, and for a quarter of a mile made splendid running. The two rose to the eleventh jump almost at the some instant, and excite ment in the crowd ran high. Rash bets were offered freely, and in the flurry of the moment refused; for now a third claimant for the honour of priority appeared. Playboy, who had been carefully ridden at a respectful distance behind the front horses, all at once shot forward, and passing Lightfoot, came on helter-skelter within *a few yards of Simpson, who, on leaving the twelfth fence, had taken the lead. The pace was tremendous, but none too hot for Monk, who cleared the thirteenth leap as cleanly and lightly as the first. Playboy, however, struck the top rail and turned a oomplete somersault over Giles. This was bad enough, but before either horse or rider could be got out of the way Lightfoot came thundering up, aad by a singular coincidence fell in precisely the same way almost on the top of the prostrate jockey. Alf ord was pitched off, but kept his hold of the reins, and having got his horse on his feet cantered in a good second, Nabocklish turning up shortly afterwards to claim the third place. One cheer for Simpson, and then the sympathetic crowd started en masse to discover by personal inspection the precise nature of the casualties. Giles, escorted by several hundred people, was carried into the saddling-paddock, where it was found that he had only received a temporary concussion of the brain, or in other words had been stunned by the fall. He soon came to and was sent home. Williams, although badly bruised and shaken, was able to walk to the Stand and carry out an engagement for the next event. Selling Race. — 20 sovs., added to a sweep of 2 sovs. One mile and a half.* Selling condi tions -.—Winner to be sold for 30 sovs.' If to be sold for 30 sovs., to carry weight for age; if for £25, allowed 7 lbs.; if for £29, allowed 14 lbs. ; if for £10, allowed 21 lbs. ; if not to be sold, to carry 7 lbs. extra. Winner will be sold imme diately after the race, and any surplus to go to the Race Fund. Mr. W, Hutohinson'g b.g. Pickpocket (£20). *-*!?,} Qafc lllb^fH^^r^... .u I 9st. llb.(J. JackspQ) ? 2 Mr. J. Harvey's br.m. Ada (£25), aged, 9 st. 81bs.(Hanrey) ... ... ? 3 Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Freeholder (£20), aged, 9 st 8 lbs. (Jenkins) Mr. G. Baker's f . Proserpine (not to be sold), 3 yre., 9 at. 3 lbs. (Garry) ^n0; Wlb;g- Wyw (£30), «'y«*i 10 st 1 lb. (dr.) Mr. Herman's bk.ef. Black Jack (£20), aged, 9 st. 1 lb. (Kami Mr. Johns's g.m. Mercury (£10), 5 yrs., 8 sti 4 lbs. (Mathews) : Mr. Pitman's g.g. Marquis (£20), aged, 9 st. . 1 lb. (J. Hill) /»-*': Mr. Schuetae's br.g. Deceiver (£20), aged, 9 st. 1 lb. (H. Rowe) Mr. W. Y. Brown's b.h. Nipper (£10), aged, 8 st. 11 lbs. (Williams) Mr. J. Mullins's g.g. Peeping Tom (£20), 5 yrs., 8 st. 11 lbs. (dr.) Declarations over— Blade Jack, 7 lbs.; Mer cury, 4 lbs.; Ada, 2 lbs.; Marquis, 24 lbs.; Deceiver, 3 lbs. Peeping Tom was drawn. Each of the remaining 11 was spoken ef in turn as being probable, but no one one backed his opinion to any great extent. At the commence ment of the race Ada led, with Deceiver second, but both were in double-quick time overhauled by Marquis and Jenny Lind. Half a mite from the start Prospering crept up from her position in the rear, and did duty as leader for several hundred yards, with Mercury dancing close attendance upon her. Presently Pickpocket and Ada struck up a match, and in the struggle crot the better of Prospering, who dropped into the ruck. After getting into the straight, the gelding got the better of his stout little an tagonist, who at the last moment had to yield second position to Jenny Lind. Freeholder passed the post fourth, and Prosperine fifth. Time, 2 min. 53 sec. Pickpocket was bought in at £38— a very moderate price considering bis condition. Forced Handicap. — 25 sovs., added to a sweep of 3 sovs., from all winnersexcept Hurdles, Hacks, and Ace of Clubs' Produce Stakes; losers can enter on paying 3 sovs. One mile and three quarters. Peat entrance. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkie, aged, 9 st. 7 lbs. (Williams) ... ? 1 Mr. R. Holland's c.f. Ithaca, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 lbs. (T. Hill) ? ... ? 2 Mr. G. Baker's b.c. Mentor, 2 yrs., 6 st. 7 lbs. (Ward) ? ... ... ... 3 Mr. Hoskin's b.g. Nimblefoot, aged, 12 st, (dr.) Mr. J. Gilbert's br.c. Kingfisher, 3 yrs,, 7 st. 10 lbs. (dr.) Mr. J. Lamb's e.g. Cedric, aged, 7 st. 4 lbs. (McEnnis). Mr. Lambert's b.m. Flyaway, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lbs. (Freeze). Mr. Hutchinson's b.g. Pickpocket, 5 yrs., 8 st. (dr). The work of taking entries and handicapping occupied nearly an hour, and the sun had set before the horses were got together for the start. _ The tremendous impost upon Nimblefoot shut him out of the race, and deducting the other withdrawals there were but five to go. Public favour was pretty equally divided be tween Darkie and Mentor, a few exhibiting a sneaking fondness for Cedric. Ithaca got away first, with Flyaway hard up, but at the north west corner both gave way to Mentor. After going two-tbirds of the way round, Darkie got to the front, and won a well- contested race by a couple of lengths, Ithaca second, and Mentor (well up; third. Time, 3 min. 19 sec. A protest was entered against Williams on the ground that he had in the race seized Ward by the collar aad struck him over the head two or three times, thus putting Mentor out of the race. Evidence was taken by the Stewards, and the decision was postponed until to-day. To-day there is likely to be some fifood sport, although there is no betting to note. The pro gramme of events is as under : — Fridat, Mat 26. The Queen's Racing Plate, provided by Par liament.— -100 sovs. added to a sweep of 5 sovs. Two miles. Weight for age. To be run for by horses bred in the province. Mr. G. Baker's b.h. Paul Jones, 5 yrs. Mr. T. Jackson's br.g. Duke of Wellington, aged. Mr. J. J. Miller's c.c. Irish King, 2 yrs. Mr. Freeman's br.g. Darkiq, .aged. - ? ? Mr. T. J. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged. Mr. Simms's Lady, aged, Mr. O. Adcock's b.h. Centurion, 5 yrs. Mr. J. Gilbert's br.g. Lapdog, 6 yrs. Hack Hurdles.— 20 sovs. Entrance, 1 sovt One mile and a half. 8 stone. Mr. Schuetze's Young Gipsy Girl. Mr. J. Mullins's Peeping Tom, 5 yrs. Mr. Ferry's Sambo, 5 yrs. Mr. Harslett's Playboy, aged. Mr. Horton's Problem, aged. Mr. Brown's Dinah, aged. Consolation Stakes. —20 sovs. added to a sweep of 2 sovs. Entrance, 1 sov. One mile. Handicap; for all horses beaten during the Meeting. There were no entries for the Novel Race, but other events will most probably be improvised. 