\- SÚÑDAY READING. The Days of Heaven upon the Barth, AMID all tho changes and sorrows that attend human Wo thero occur probably to most poopla occasions when the marvellous provisions made fur our happi ness force themselves on tho attention ; and ono has » a glimpse of the truth that, but for our own perverse ness, our journey through the present stage of our oxistonce might bo lightened by perennial happiness. Tho subjoined extracts from a discourse by tho Rev, James Stratton, of Paddington, London, founded on tho words, " Tho days of Heaven upon tho Earth " (in Deuteronomy ll : 21), present a delineation of tho happiness uttainablo horo, usjulowing, and at tho same time sober and reasonable, as we have ever mot with. "Let me show," says thia eloquent preacher, " what kind of days are spent in Heaven, the possi bility of our having such days upon earth, and the way in which wo may secure them ; and, knowing tho way, lot us eeo that wo make choice of it, und walk therein," " WHAT AUB THE DAYS OP HEAVEN P-Wo all know what a day moans among mon. Wo usually regard it as tho time commencing when, tho sun breaks forth in beauty over tho eastern hills ia tho morning, and ending when he sets in tho evening in the western wave. Tho sun knoNvcth his rising and his going down.. Wo aro told that there is no night in heaven, but an unbounded everlasting day. Yoi; Milton poetically supposes tho vicissitude of sweet light and shade; and wo road of worship being rendered to God in the celestial temple night and day. Wo inquire after the principles by which tho hoavenly worshippers aro actuated, and after the occupations in which they aro engaged. And let it be noted, as their highest privilege, that they see the face of God. Moses said, 'Ibeseech thee show me Thy glory.' And God answered, ' I will let my goodness pass beforo thee. Thou shalt seo my hack ports, like the radiance of tho sun in tho oven ing after the body of tho great luminary has dis appeared. Thou shalt seo as much of my glory as it is possible for flesh and blood to behold.' In heaven they see God ns he is. This was Job's expectation : ' In my flesh I shall see God.' It WUB David's hopo : ' I shall behold his face and he satisfied.' We know * not what we shall be..; but wo know that when Christ shall appear, we shall bo like Him, for wo shall see Him us tie is. His servants shall servo Him, and they shall seo His face. There shall be manifesta tions of the excellonco and glory of the Divine perfections, which will bo satisfying, felicitous, and transforming " In Heaven thoy glorify Christ, and colebrato His praioo. John saw four and twenty elders clothed in white raiment, and having crowns of gold upon their heads, with humility and reverence taking their crowns and casting them beforo the throne ; and he heard myriads of tho redeemed saying, ' Worthy is tho Lamb that was slain ; while countless angels united in adoration of the Father, und of Christ; and a multitude, which no man could number, clothed with white robes, and having palms in their hands, stood beforo the throne, and beforo tho Lamb, and cried with a loud voice, saying, ' Salvation unto our God and to tho Lamb for ever and over.' In Heavon they see God's fuco, and celebrate tho praise of his incarnate and now enthroned and exalted Sen. "In Heaven they aro full of knowledge That which is imperfect is done away, and that which is perfect is como. They soe, not through a glass darkly, but faco, to face. Knowledge, vast and various, is thoirs by intuition. They drink deeply at the fountain of divino wisdom and in telligence, in joy unspeakable and» full of glory. They aro also full of love. They see the great and glorious object of thoir love, lt is love in intensity ; and yet in calmness, and in tho highest reason. They love God and one another, shining in tho purest light, and in unspotted holiness. They havo no spock of moral dolbrmity, no taint of sin. Thoy aro washed and mado white, and presorvo their unblemished and everlasting purity. They aro prompt and yorfoct in thoir obedience. In Ezekiel's vision, tho cherubim went up and down as a flash of lightening, executing tho Divine will ; and in tho Psalms wo road, ' Bless the Lord, yo his angels that excel in strength that do His commandments, hear kening unto the voico of His word.' Their delight is in obedience to tho will of God. And in this thero is concord and unanimity ; they are of one heart and of ono soul ; there is no animosity, no strife, no misunderstanding, no diversity of judgment ; they dwell together in perfect and absoluto unity. And from this state of mind and nature, unminglod satis faction flo%vs, like waters from a fountain. " Deep and ineffable happiness is realized. Tho pulsations of thoir joy produce no exhaustion, but for ever increaso in pleasantness and in power. We are wont to say, ' Ono hour in Heaven will mako amends for all our trials and sufferings hore upon earth.' What compensation then will thero bo in four and twenty hours, in n century, in a thousand years, in eternity j I havo heard a dying man say, 'lull, tho objects of lifo are to mo as if seen through an inverted telescope, inexpressibly small and diminutive.' Tho apostle, on the othor hand, was ciment up into tho third ? Heaven, and heardjthings unutterable; so vast and magnificent, that they would havo disqualified him for his duties on earth, if thero had not beon sont a thorn in tho flesh to keep him humble." ON THE rossiniuTY op MAKING OUR DAYS ON EAUTII LIKE tho DAYS IN HEAVEN.-Referring to "the clement« of happiness already specified," und quoting the blessing pronounced on tho puro in heart-"thoy shall seo God,"-and "Blessed are tho peoplo that know the joyful sound ; they shall walk, O Lord, in tho light of Thy countenance," ho then reasons thus:-" I contend that to walk in the light of God's countenanco and to rejoico in Ilim, is the privilege of every beliovor, and will mulco the¡Jdaya of Heavon upon oarth in his soul. If you delight in the complacency of God, and desiro His favour, be sure that His favour you will onjoy : and that His complacency will bo revealed and opened upon you, BB tho sun shining in his strength. You will bohold and realizo tho favour and love of God ; and this is Heaven upon earth. Iben as to glorifying and praising Christ : do wo not now say ' Unto Him that loved us, and washed us from our sins iu His own blood, to Him be glory ? And have we not love in exercise ? Is ifc not shed abroad in our hearts hy the Holy Spirit ? Are wo not at times emptied 'of ourselves and filled with His fulness, ss aa to comprehend with hil saints tho height and depth and length and breadth of tho lovo of Christ ? Üomo of tho moro blessed momenta of ourexporienco aro very close approximations to tho Heavenly services and employments. Aro wo not washed ? Do wo not, in a great measure, enjoy deliverance from sin ? Are we nofc ready to do tho will of trod ? Aro not our bodios living; sacrifices ? Do we not dwell in peace ? When the light and fire of tho Holy Ghost is given ; when our best passions are kindled ; when tho heart, so to speak, is in a state of fusion ; when wo are filled with the celestial communications and communion, thero is a near resemblance of Heaven upon tho earth. Heaven is only an expansion and development of tho sumo principles, delivered from all the disadvantages, hindrances, and trials which abound in this present world. Hero on earth wo have the ilower in tho root and in tho seed ; in Heavon we are to have it in ail its beauty, freshness, and fragrancy, full blown." In further illustration of the reality of heavenly happiness enjoyed on earth, he appeals to the following passages, concerning which it is doubtful whether they refer to peace and prosperity on earth, or tothefulness.of joy inlloiven. " 'O thou afflicted, tossed willi tempest, and not comforted, behold I will lay thy stones with fair colours, and thy fouud ' ations with sapphires. And I will make thy windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles ; and all thy borders of pleasant stones.' Is this heaven on earth ? Is it tho church in glory, or tho church in time ? Who know« ? It 6eems a3 if it wore, first, the Church in lier exalted condition of holiness in the millennial'uge, and then consummated in tho heavenly glory. ' Violonce shall no more be hoard ] in thy land, wasting ; nor destruction within thy ; borders; but thou shalt call thy walls salvation, and thy gatos praise. The sun shall bo no more thy | light by day ; neither for brightness shall tho moon give light unto theo ; but tho Lord shall bo unto theo au everlasting light, and thy God thy glory.' Is this Heaven ? Wo should think so, without doubt, but for tho verso which follows: - ' Thy people shall bo all righteous ; they shall inherit tho land for over; tho branch of my planting, tho work of my hands, that I may be glorified. A little ono shall become a thousand and a small ono a strong; nation.' This is earth, and tho present or promised state of things : it is the Gospel dispensation as it is now administered, or as it shall be in a brightor poriod which is yet to como. Neithor ia the principle confined to the poetic representations of Isaiah. It is seen in the didactic lessons and descriptions of St. Paul : * God hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of His doar Son :' ' Giving thanks unto tho Father, who hath made us meet to bo partakers of the inheritance of the Baints in light.' VV!e ask again, does it mean enlightened holiness in this world, or the ultimate perfection of tho world above ? Wo cannot tell, so near is the resemblance between the representations. Thus wo are children, not of tho night or of the darkness, but j of the heavenly day. We aro the offspring of light ; first, the light of tho Gospel in time, and then tho light of glory in eternity. And St. John, in tho Kovelation, speaks of those who give thanks unto Him that has made them kings and priests unto God, so that they reign upon tho earth. And it is mattor of dispute and difference of opinion, whother the last chapters of this mysterious and unparalleled book bo a description of the holiness aud happiness of tho latter days on earth, or of the final glory of tho heavenly kingdom." How MAY oun. DAYS HE HEAVEN UPON EAIITH? -Thiä question tho author answers by thoso direc tions:-"1. First receive the Gospel. Bolieve in Christ. Look to the blood of sprinkling. Faith makes its virtue our own. To as many as received Christ, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to thom that believe on his name. . -, . 2\. Sottle the possibility of it in your mind. Be fully convinced that days, of Heaven upon earth aro attainable, and attainable by you. ... 3. Observo the ordinances of Christ. Pray to God. Head His word. Attend in His house. ... 4\. Avoid all known causes of disturbance and dis quietude. ... 5. Maintain your self-possession. Do not give way to angor ; never let passion rise and rule ; but cultivate au ovonnoss and tranquility of spirit, which nothing can agitate or disturb. Tho greatest conquest is over self; and if this be gained, thore will be a final victory over all our enemies. . . G. Take care of your thoughts. You cannot banish every one whom you do not osteem fro.n your house, but you can from your heart ; and into that secret and sacrod placo you can invito what guests you please. ... 7. Take care of your tongue. Watch over it. Your tongue is often very inflam mable, and if the spark bo kindled, thero may soon bo a conflagration. ... 8. Take caro of your conscience. Keep it unspotted and undefiled. Exorcise yourself, liko tho Apostle Paul, to haye always a conscience void of oiTonoo toward God and toward mon. ... 9. Do not harass .yourself concerning tho future. Christ has wisely interdicted this. ... 10. Thea study to be quiet and to attend to your own business. . . ll. And, lastly, do good. Bo not lot a day pass without doing good to Borne ono, either by example, or by instruction, or by generosity. Then let a man rise in the morning in gratitudp to God, going to tho groat Fountain to bo cleansed and purified, and pre pared for tho duties of tho day ; let him guide his affairs with judgment and discretion ; let him como amongst his family and worship God ; let bia ordinary food be sanctified by tho Word and by prayer; let his conversation bo holy and truthful; lot him lio down at night again, drawing nigh to God as his Father, and to_Christ as his High Priest nnd Advo cate, to wush him from all the infirmities and dofects of tho antecedent hours. So lot him fall asleep, saying, ' This has been a good day, a day of Hoaveu upon tho earth.* There ÍB no raison, excepting in ourselves, why every, day should not bo so spent and onjoyed. Let us then arise and try." BILOELA INDCSTRIAL SCHOOL.-Tho Government, in giving a nanio to the now industrial school on Cockatoo Island,-there being no information accessiblo as to tho original name of tho locality,-havo adopted the word " Biloela," signifying, in ono of tho most exten sively spokon languages of tho aborigines, cockatoo. Bil-o-c-la, pronounced like billowy-lab, is to bo the name of tho institution. 