MURRUM BUREAU. " from our correspondent.! Ariut, 8. — About a month since I noticod a small rush to a placo on the Connaughtman's Creek, about seven miles honco. on the Wagga Wagga road. I have latoly received further particulars. it uppuars tuns too prospectors xoonnn ana party) huvo boon ovor seven weeks at, work. At first tlioy got the gold at eight, font depth, but subsequently found it paid bettor to strip tho snrfaeo, which they are doing to a depth of eighteen inches or two foot, passing it through a torn of thirty feet in length. My informant, says that tlioy can pass from twolvo to sixteen loads a day through tho torn, the stuff yielding from four dwts. to oight, dwts. to tho load, nnd as thnro are only four in thn party, this should pay woll, if it continues. Numbers of persons are on tho ground, 'trying it in different directions, some coming every day and some going away, after looking at tho placo. That there is a faith in the now diggings is ovidonee'd by the foot that a storo and butcher's shop nro being erected thoro by a relation of Mr. Powell, tho publican. A new rush took placo about a week sinco on tho same crock, but three-quarters of a milo from tho first one. Tho prospector having to go into Young to organise a party, &c.;, had his claim jumped, hub has siheo boon put in possession by tho commissioner. Tho now party consists of six men. On tho whole thoro appears a reason able confidence entertained by those on tho ground tlint fair wngos may be obtained there by tlioso who nro nblo nnd willing to work for a considerable timo ; but as yet theso now rushes must bo considered as little nioro than experi mental . Tho bridgo ovor tho Wallondbcen Crook, which had boon so long looked for, is now in course of erection, nnd rapidly approaching completion. It will, I hear, be of a superior description to that first intended. Monday noxt (Easter Monday) wo oxpoct somo grand cricketing in.Murrtimbtirrah — twonty-two cricketers from Wombat are going tcr play twenty- two of our men. There will bo two sots playing at tho sumo timo, on tho cast and west ot the town. By the by, whnt is tho law respecting wit- nossos required to attend in criminal cases ? It strikes me that a great deal of individual hard ship is indicted by that great collective party, known us Joint Bull in England and us Uncle Sam in America. I don't know if ho has yet acquired any specific title with us. but wo will call him the State. That The State does .suffer groat wrongs from individuals I udmit, but thon ho is n broad-shouldered party and seems able to boar it. Jle should never rotaliato in kind, but should bo a pattern of justice. Tho toxt of this discourso is, that .all tho witnesses who wore required to nttond tho Police Court at Young on tho late stabbing case, had to do so at their own cost and charges, i.e., tlioy had to bo absent from their lioinos for tho bettor part of two days, and travel forty miles gratis. In ono case it seems particularly hard and unjust. Mr. Hodgson, the chemist, having been requested by tho police to attend to the wounded man, did so, nnd dressed tho wound in as ereditnblo a manner as a legally qualified practitioner could liavo done. Ho is not only not paid for bis professional services, but has to uttoiul tho court at Young us a witness, where, oil arrival, his evidence is dispensed with, and tiiat of Dr. Temple substituted. So Mr. Hodgson lias tho satisfaction of giving his pro fessional services, spending two days awny from his business, and somo twenty shillings personal expenses at Young, at tho command of tho .State, without that great party deigning to pay Liui a " rap" in return. People of exalted patriotism, liko thoso old Romans wo rend nbout, might porhnps bo satisfied with tho honour of sorving their country gratis ; but I fear their numbers are very fow in theso dogenerato days, members of Parliament always excoptod. In Victoria, oven those last, models of patriotism have struck work,' nnd go in for tho maxim—" tho labourer is worthy of his hire." Tho services ronderod to tho injured man, at the roquest of tho police, will, wo imagine, be' paid for, by sending in an abstract; but the ex penses of witnossos, in polico offico cases, will not bo paid. A Tiie Presbyterian Cemetery. — Tho trustoes of the Presbyterian comotery — Msssrs. Barber, McBonnpWond, nnd Brown — hnv.o had a beauti fully oxocuted plan prepared of tho burial-ground, which indicates, on a sufficiently largo scale to ho useful, the spaces nllotted for nearly ono thousand graves. Tho walks aro numoroits nnd woll- nrrnnged, nnd a considerable spaco is reserved for ornamental troes, shrubs, nnd flowers. When tho proper seuson arrives a largo number of suitnblo troes aro to bo placed all round tho ground, nnd within the beautiful hawthorn hodgo presented und pluutod by Mr. Thus. Robortson, of Bogolong. So soon ns n sufficient fall of roin occurs, tho ornnmont.nl bods will bo formed, and meantime tho trustees hnvo rosolvod to pormitno plants or troos to bo placod in the coraetory (unless upon graves) without their consont having previously boon obtainod. This courso lias becomo necessary, seoing that to act other wise tho uniformity and beauty of tho dosign decided upon would bo interfered with. Tho trustees will, however, bo glad to recoiyo dona tions of Buitablo plants, flowers, &c.;, for tho ornamentation of the cemetery. Tho plan wns dosignod nnd completed by Mr. .Tonkins, sur veyor, of Yass, and is highly croditablo to his taste and ability. We understand arrangements will bo made to have it on viow at the Yass Pustoral and Agricultural Show to-day. St. Clement's Burial-ground. — Wo aro glad to loam that the trustees of St. Clement's Church havo resolved to strictly prohibit futuro burials from being made in tlio ground surrounding tho church. Wo, hopo tlioy will how tako stops to hnvo tho churchyard put in somothing liko n docent condition, nnd also tiiat nn ofl'ort will lie mndo by thom to have thoir now comotery, adjoining the Presbyterian burial-ground, laid out and plantod. Wo should liko to soo a rivalry ariso between the trustees of tho different burial- grounds ns to which koop tho cemeteries in tho neatest and even prettiest condition, nnd wo are snro thoro aro fow who would not willingly contribute a small sum yearly to pay the cost of wooding nnd planting, and of kooping tho walks clonn and woll dofincd. The O'Bbien Bridge.— It is not unlikely that tho Government will soon havo to mnko arrange ments for tho erection of another iron or timber bridgo "fiver tho Yass River, that near Cooma, which so unexpectedly stood tho forco of tho great flood of April last year, having for some timo past shown indications of instability. In- dood, we understand, tho officers of tlio ronds department havo somo timo ago roportod the structuro to bo nnsnfe for very heavily ladon toums. Only a fow weeks ago traffic was in terrupted for throo days whilo efforts were made to repair the bridgo, und yostorday, whilo a team bearing somo oight or nine tons was crossing, a couple of tho cross joists rir boains succumbed to tho gront woight, und smashed, but fortunately the team gnt ovor safoly. Mr. Moldruin, tlio superintendent of roads, was on the spot shortly after tho occurrence, and doubtless will en deavour to Ipivo the bridgo put in a condition to permit of tho continuance of traffic. The O'Brion Bridgo wns oponed for traffic in October, 18(12, and is entirely constructed of timbor. The Ploughing Match. — As anticipated, tho long continuance of dry weather, nnd the con sequent hardness of ground, provontod any entries being mndo for tlio ploughing match announced to enrno off ut Douro yesterday. Tlio ground wns all measured oil' and every arrange ment made, but no entries took placo. Wo understand that, tlio match will not bo permitted In lapse altogether, ns it is likely that a couple of mouths honco an effort will lie made to get up a competition amongst tlio ploughman of llio district, and wo hoar it is probablo that liighor prizes will bo offered. The Census. — Somo of tlio colloctors-for por tions of tho Ynss district have completed tho collection of tho census pnpors, but wo hoar that through illnoss 0110 of tho nutnbor lias not yet been nblo to commence tlio work. Wo learn that somo strange disclosures will appear 011 tho face of tlio roturns. Wo linvo hoard of 0110 instance in which somo thirtoon orfourteon individuals of various ages nnd sex, aro returned as living, or rutlier huddling together in a dwelling contain ing hut ono apartment. A similar stuto of tilings exists in many instances, wo aro sorry to loarn, although possibly in a lossor dogree. Tho question to ho nnswored is, does this arise from poverty, or from a hoodless and callous disregard of common decency. Whi)\t. — Whoat in Yass is now worth Gs. per bushol. For current prices of other descrip tions of produce soo fourth page. Narrow Escape from Accident and Fire at the New Weslkyan Church. — On Sunday even ing last, on tho torminatiou -of tho ordinary services at the Wesleyati Churoh, Yass, several members of the congregation romninod to hold a prayer meeting. This had just terminated when tho largo 06iitro chandelier foil down with a crash, smashing tho globes -and fountains, &c.;, and causing tho koroseno to ignito. Fortunately thoso present succeeded in spoodily extinguish ing tho flarnos, and witiiout much damage, apart from the injury to tho chandelior. Had tho nccidont occurred during the earlior sorricos tlio porsous sitting in tlio pews' nndor tho clinndhlior must have stistainod injury, and possibly serious rosnlts might havo ensued from tlio firo spread ing to tho clothing of persons in tlio church. 1'igf.on Match. — Wo lonru that about throo hundred birds have been procured for tho match to bo shot 011 Wednesday next. A vory hand some! eloctro-platcd tea nnd coffeo servico, und other suitnblo nrticlos, to lie suppliod by Mr. H. Elliot, wntclimakor nnd jewollor, Yass, will pro bably constitute tho prizes to bo awardod. Tho match will take pluco in tlio paddock in which crickot wns played yesterday, noarly opposite, the Commorciul Hotel. It is expected that tho nnmbor of competitors will bo unusually large. Holidays. — Yesterday, Easter Monday, tho businoss plocos in Ynss wore closod all day, tho telegraph and, post offices oxcoptnd— tho olficinls of the former having to wait on to tako the telo- grum of tlio English nows, and of tho latter to despatch tho usual mails. To-day tho banks and stores will close at nonii on account of tho Agricultural .Society's exhibition, and -to-morrow wo honr it is ILkoly tlio banks will again bo closed purt of tlio day bocausp of tho pi.goon match. Burton's Circus. — Mr. Burton und his power ful company or performers arrived in Yass nt an early hour yesterday foronoon, nnd wore welcomed last evoning by a crowded nudionco, and tlio npplauso accorded was warm, henrty, and woll deserved. The murqueo is largo nnd com fortably fitted up. Tho prices of admission on this occasion are necessarily higher than for merly, and this can scarcely bo wondered at by those who witnessed the procession arrivo yes- terday. Tlio expense attending so largo a stall' and so numerous a stud of liorsos must bo vory groat, and the trilling mlvmico is more than com pensated for by tho unusual excollonco of tlio performances. It will bo noticed, however, by nn udvertisomont in another column, that nn nrnui'gomoiit- exists by which a considerable re duction is allowed to persons purchasing- family tickets. Anothor performance is to be given this ovening, when doubtloss the inurqueo will bo filled to overflowing. . Auction Sales. — It will bo noticed by our ndvortising c.olnnins that Mr. Roes Jonos has n sale by unction of u large niiiubo?- of viiluahlo freehold properties situated in and near Yass, which will take pluco ut tho Commorciul Hotel, /K Yass, next Friday. To-dny, 011 tlio Pastoral nnd Agricultural Society's grounds aftor tho exhibi tion, Mr. Jones will submit to auction several bead of pure bred stock, particulars of which will bo found in our advertising columns. The Show To-day. — Wo aro glad to bo nblo to ntmounco that all tho arrangements for hold ing tlio Yass Pastoral and Agricultural Society's exhibition to-day have boon most satisfactorily .completed. Tho yards aro linisltod, tlio pens properly nrrnngod, tlio shod and lengthy rnngo of tables are ready for exhibits, nnd a mnrquoo for tlio uso of socrotary nnd offico- benrors is oroeted. Mr. Shookoy yostorday had men em ployed erecting a booth for tlio salo of refresh ments. Mr. CliisholuTs pure-bred stock arrived from noar Go gib urn yostorday, and in oxcellont condition, notwithstanding tho loiigthy journoy tlioy had made. Pigs, slioop, cattlo, and liorsos proiniso to bo well represented, and so will what ore styled "shod oxliibits." Tlio nuinbor of visitors in town is nlroady very large, and wo havo hoard that the " Commercial" is almost us " full as it can hold," whilo the other hotols havo a fair quota of guosts. The weather promises to bo highly favourable, and that tho show in ovory respect will be a gront success is a matter of cortninty. Tho lion, secretary (Mr. Shuw) lias boon severely worked to bring all tho nrrnngo- monts to a satisfactory position, and to his un tiring zeal, much, if not all, tho success achieved will be duo. Wo would diroct particular atten tion to an advertisement in to-day's papor giving dotnils of tho ordor of tho proceedings. Maizena Manufactured on tub Murrum- bidgee. — If nn instmico wore wanted to prove tho utility and advnntugo nrising from holding local exhibitions or competitions, wo think tho fnct that nt the show to-morrow a sample of about two lbs. woight of maizenn, or corn flour, manufactured by a sottler on tho banks of tho Murrutnbidgoo River, will bo on viow, would bo a sufficient ono. A samplo of tho product was brought to our office yostorday, and although wo do not sot onrsolvos up as judges of tho nrticlo, still any porson can perceive that it will boar more than fuvourablo comparison with tho corn flour now so largely imported and sold in tho stores. Tho samplo is pure white, has an oxcollont feel, and possessos all tho qualities of tlio bost brands to bo procured. Since tho show was an nounced to tnko place, Mr. Rydor — th« sottler to whom wo refer — thought I10 would try tho experiment, and ho has succoodod most admir ably. Tlio maizenu wns mndo from 90-dny, or "small" corn, grown on tho banks of the Mur rutnbidgoo, nnd it is calculated thnt ' about fourteen lbs. can be made from a bushel of corn. The corn is worth from threo to four shillings tho bushol — tlio manufactured article sells, wo understand, in tho Yass stores at Is. 6d. por lb., so that the bushel of corn converted into maizena would return 21s. Mr. Rydor calculates that nt'oven Is. per lb. tho profit would bo consider able, und intonds when tho proper season re turns to diroct his attention to its manufacture on a larger sculo. This yoar ho has, by way of oxporimont, only prepared oight or ton lbs. woight. It appears that corn can be convortod into maizena only when in 11 groon or unripo state, and with tho rudo appliances ho used in nianufacturingtho maizonahocun prepare with his own labour ubout twonty-eight lbs. of tlio article por day. We would suggest that tlio contents of a packot of tho corn- flour sold in tlio stores should bo exposed to view nt the show to-day ulongsido of that manufactured by Mr. Rydor. Sr. Clement's Sunday School. — The abovo school oponod 011 Easter Sunday, 1870, with foiirtnon scholars. It now nutnbors 121, with an average uttondanco of oiglity-livo. On Sunday last, tho Yon. -the Arclidoacou presented two prizes for good attendance, ono to Josoph Luthntn. tho othor to James Briefly. It was also notified to tho senior class thnt tlio superin tendent's prize for tlio bost sot of themes upon tho subject mattor of lectures delivered during the previous month had boon awardod to G. B. Weaver. A Police Office Finf, Subscribed for. — In our last issue wo recorded that at the Polico Court on tho previous Wodnesday, two lads, named respectively C. and E. Pcarco, were fined Is. each, court costs, and 2 Is. professional costs for removing firewood oil' tlio llmnowood estate. We are informed that tho other day the amount of the penaltios, &o.;, was refunded to Mr. Charles Pcarco, the father of tho lads, tlio sum having boon subscribed by sovorul of his friends aud acquaintances. Tiif. Wesleyan Cituncu. — Tho following list shows tho stations of ministers of the Wcsloynh Church in tho Qoulbnrn district: — Goulbnrn : William Kelytiack. Crookwoll nnd Tnrnlga: Thomas R. M 'Michael. Yass : John Clifton, Gunning: Charles Stead. Braidwood: William TI. Georgo, Edward J. Rood (Arabian). Adolong: Richard V. Danne. Qucauboyan : William M. Bennott. Wagga Wagga: Kirton A. Corner. Young : William Rolison. Berrima : John Bowes. Doniliquin : Charles Jouos. — William Kelynack, chairman of the district. J Burrowa Post and Telegraph Office. — Mr. J. R. Colls, who has performed tho duties of post and telegraph master in Burrowa sinco Mr. Boatty's dismissal, returned to Yass on Thurs day last. His post is now filled by Mr. A. E. Middleton, Into of Gronfoll, who arrived in town on Wednosduy, and on tlio following morning commenced his official duties. During Mr. Colls's briof stay in Burrowa, his civil demeanour, obliging disposition, and assiduous attention to tho duties devolving upon liirn won and merited tho respect and coniidenco of our residents, many of whom have expressed sincere regret that his stay amongst us could not be further prolonged. His succossor — Mr. Middloton — wns very popular and highly esteomod in Grenfoll; nnd wo havo ovory reason to boliovo that ho will bocome equally popular in this district, utid enjoy tho kindly fooling and good opinion of our popula tion. — Advocate. Gunning Police Court.— On Wednesday, 5th instant, before the Polico Magistrate of Goul bnrn nnd Mossrs. Saxby and Gray, tho following enses were hoard: — Martha Costoilo ; larceny. Dofeiidnnt was convicted of stealing a nnmbor of pumpkins from tlio garden of a neighbour. Seven days' imprisonment. — John Bush nnd Arthur Bush; drunk and disorderly. Fined 10s. oach, or throo days' imprisonment. — James I-IofTernan arid James Dronnan ; unlawfully blasting rook,- in broach of 37th section 2 Vio., No. 2. Defendants pleaded guilty. Mr. T. II. Lino said he had employed tlio men ; tlio placo was in un allotment a distance from the town : no danger could havo boon incurred ; bo doubted whether it was within the town. Tho Polico Magistrate said tho Act had 110 doubt been applied to Gunning many yoars ngo, ho thought rather to tho disadvantage of tlio people than otherwiso. In this caso none of tho require ments of tho 37th soccion hud boon com plied with. Donbtloss neither of tho defondunts Imd any idoa of tho Act. Fined Is. iuid 2s. Gd. costs each. — Dennis Murray, on summons; obscene language. The information charged dufondant with having used tho words " by tho Holj Ghost" in a public road blasphemously ami obscenely. The Polico Magistrate- said tho in formation should have charged dofendunc wit! profane languago only. ' Dismissed.— James O'Noill and John Hart, on summons; unlaw fully cutting timber 011 Crown land. O'Neill dir' not appeal". Warrant to issue for disohodionct i of summons. Tho-cuso 'ns against Hart wai I postponed till noxt court day. — Donis Miiitua j and John Hart, on summons; stealing timbo; 1 aftor soizuro by the polico. Senior-constabli j Mara had soized some timber (sawn) about fom miles from Gunning 011 land wbicli ho know hi ! examining tho map nt Yass was Crown land j Ilart and O'Neill wore at tho pit; took timbe 1 from a dray, mnrked it, and left it ut tlio pit Hart and O'Noill admitted having no liccnso | met Murray alterwards going towards tho pit I Murray said tlio men wore, in his employment \- ' and askod witness to leave him some of th- . timbor; refused to do so; came into Gunniti; and took aut summonses for O'Neill and Hart on going out next day to servo thoG.fouud.th 1 ;- timber and dray gono ; tracked tho dray towurds Murray's ; found it near Murray's sliprail— :iiot inside; somo of. tho timbor wus lying on the ground in tho bush and a smnll quantity on tho dray; O'Neill and Hurt said tlioy wore bringing it into Gunning to tlio police. Cross-oxaniinod by Murray : Cannot produco tho map ; Murray said tho land was 011 Best's pru-omptivo right. Constable Purkor gavo corroborative evidence. Tlio boncli dismissed the charge. — Before the Polico Magistrate and Mr. Saxby. --J. F. Gray, J.P. v. Howard and Ilill ; unlawful ontry on enclosed land. J. F. Gray deposed : Was owner of enclosed land at Byallu; siiuimonod defend ants from information rocoivod. IIo called u witness, who deposed : Defendants wore carriers camped nonr Mr. Gray's ; Howard mudo un exchango of a horso with witness, who had per mission to run his liorso in Mr. Gray's paddock ; Howard nsked young Mr. Gray for permission to run tlio horso out; Mr. Gray granted tho per mission for thnt day only; more than a week afterwards defendants cuino to tho placo, and without any notico to Mr. Gray or his son, entered tlio paddock ; tho horses wore driven ninl galloped nbout, and a vory valuable mare of Mr. Gray's bad her log broken and was killed. Tho Polico Magistrate snid both Mr. Saxby and him self wore sntisfiod that both defendants know they wore wrong in .going into tlio pnddock without first getting permission. Mr. Gray hud lost a horso from thoir act. Fined 20s. each and costs, or sovon days in gnol. — Smith v. Smith ; nrticlos of tho ponco. No appearanco. — Baily v. Turton ; wngos. Ordor mado for amount claimod less £1 and some storo goods. — Brindly v. Allhof; assault. Withdrawn. — Allhof v. Brindly; malicious injury. Withdrawn. — Same v. samo ; larcony of a smalt quantity of fruit. The bench, aftor inquiry, allowed tho churgo to bo with drawn. — Cox v. Allhof; illogul detention of a maro. Cox had tho mure whon a foal ; left it with Mr. Whositloy, noar Gunning ; did not brand it; snw it nt his placo ton months ago still unbrnndod ; never sold or gavo it to any ono ; from what Whoatloy told him, wont to de fendant's, where ho saw u-bluek maro nnbrandod vory like his ; .could not swear to her of his own knowledge; defendant refused to givo her up. Cox called a witnoss who had frequently soon tho maro at Whoatloy's ; knew her woll nnd saw her at defendant's ; was positive she bolongod to Cox. Defendant doposod that the unimnl wus loft at his placo somo timo ago by a man who said showashis; had only thu ninn's word for it. An ordor was tnado that tho maro bo deli vered to Cox within tivonty-four hours ; nssossod value, £3 — Rudd v. O'Brien; obscono language. Defendant, a young lad, ploadod guilty, and said ho was provoked. Fined 20s. and cost", or fourteen days in gaol. — Same v. same. Defend ant was charged with being nn idle and disorderly character. The bench, aftor inquiry, said tho information could not bo sustained, and directed its withdrawal. Seven small debt casos were thon disposed of.— Goulburn Herald. Burrowa Catholic Church. — Tlio necessity for an enlargement of tlio Catholic Church building in this<bwn was very ovidoncoii Sunday last (Palni Sunday), wlion a largo number of tlio congregation in attendance on that day were unable to obtain admittanco to tlio sacred udilico, whicliwas throngod in ovory part. This building may havo admirably answered its purpose nt tlio time it wns oroctod ; but itdoos not, unquestion ably, moot present requirements ; and wo should liko to soo an effort mado eitlior to o fleet an oiilargomont of tlio church, or endeavour to procure funds for tho erection of a inoro com modious and ornamental structure— 0110 that would rolloet credit upon tlio largo body of Cur.liolics who rcsido in this district.— Advocate. The Canowindra Rush. — On Saturday ovouing lato, Mr. Commissioner Clarke received n teln- gram from tlio Department of Lauds, directing him to proceed to tlio rush at Canowindra, as Mr. Johnson, tlio commissioner for tlio western district-, was busily ongagod at Gnlgong. Mr. Clarke accordingly started on Monday, and returnod on Thursday, nnd wo nro indebted to him for tho following information concerning tlio rush. Tho rush is uhouc two miles from Canowindra, nnd close to an auriferous roof (Hayes's), which has been a long timo under work. Tlio prospectors' shaft, tho only ono bottomed, is about 123 foot deep, and a littlo wet. It is bottomed 011 a knoll or hump, from which tho rock dips in all directions, and tho deopest "round had not been ranched. Tlio waslidirt, a gravel mixed with small quartz pebbles, varies in depth nnd prospects. Threo dishes wore washed in Mr. Clarko's presence, which averaged nino grains each of courso, rough gold, very Jittlo wutorworn. From tho character of tlio gold, and tiie disco vory having been mudo close to tho boforo-montioncd rcof, Mr. Clarke is of opinion that tlio extent of payable ground may only bo limited. It will tako, ho says, threo weeks or a month to prove tho ground, and in tho menntimo anything likely to enuso excitement, or a groat rush, should bo avoided. A mining registrar has < boon appointed ut Canowindra, and ovoiy thing was vory quiot and orderly. Tho population? at tho date of Mr. Clarke's visit, was about throo hundred, and was daily increasing. In tho opinion of Mr. Clarlco, tho proclamation of n gold-fiold mny bo delayed until further dis coveries. — Burrangong Argus. Accidental Poisoning.— Narrow Escape frou Death. — A correspondent, writing from Adam- inaby, givos nn account of a vory narrow escapo from death by poison, tho result of culpable carelessness. A week or two sinco a groom gave to tho landlord of a hotel on Monnro a bottle, tho contents' of which it does not apponr tho land lord know the nature of, and ho put it amongst othor bottles of cordials and spirits on u siiolf in the bar., Shortly aftor Dr. Scliaofor, being 011 a visit to tho place, called ut thehotol for a cordial. Ho wns ,awvod by tho barmaid, and having drunk off tho contents of his glass, ho im mediately remarked that ho wns poisouod. To convince tho doctor of his sttpposod error and to allay his fears, as woll as to convinco him that what lie had tnlcon wns a wiiolosomo bovorngo, tlio girl mixed somo of tho contents of tho bottlo roforrod to and immediately drank tho mixture. Tho symptoms of poisoning bocoming moro manifest, in both snli joets, Dr. Scliaofor oxamined tho bottlo, and to his horror found that I10 nnd tho girl hnd been drinking prussic acid I For tunatoly the doctor, having tho moans ut hand, was enabled promptly to administer an omot.io to his fellow-sufferer and htmseir, in both casos with the best results, and thus averted a dreadful consequence of an inoxcusnblo act ofcarolossnoss. — Queanbegan Age. All-Fool's Day. — A littlo circimistanco oc curred 011 Saturday Inst possessing features of a vory amusing character. A letter, purporting to ho written by a lndy was forwarded to u\ certain attorney, to tlio elfocb t-liat tlio writer had corao from tho country to consult a medical man, 1 who bad ndvisod her to mnko her will with as 1 littlo delay as possiblo, and tlio writer bogged 1 Mr. , tho attorney, to stop down to a woll ; known hotel in Collins-street to take instructions ' for preparing the documont in question. 1 Thonghts of splondid foes, and lots of pickings, filled tlio palpitating bosom of tho man of law, as 1 I10 hurried off to tlio hotel in quostion, wliero, 1 011 arriving, ho found four others of tho devil's \- brigado, who hud each roooived a similar letter, I und it soon bocumo putont that a decided sell had 1 boon porpotratod 011 inon who huggod tho opinion 3 that tlioy woro not tho hoys to lie sold. In great r dudgeon tlioy left tlio scene of thoir disnppoint- i" tnont, and ono of thom mot u brother chip 2 hurrying along in tho direction of tho said hotel, r at a terrific trot. " Hold hard, old follow," said (' .lie, .(' AVImt.'s tho row? Como nnd havo a glass of ; sjierry." " Oh, blow tho sltorry," was the reply r of tho arrested one, " I havo an oiigageinent and ; must ho off." " IIa," said the other, " Is it ; anything in this shape"? " showing tho letter. : " Why," observed his friend, " I havo got just- , such anothor. Look lioro.". Tho letters woro n precisely similar. A capital hoax Imd boon por- poinded, and tbo law was at fault for once, at ; nnyrato. Whouvor wrote that letter willdosorvo 0 1 pity if uny ono of thoso bamboozlod attonioys-at- lnw happons to get a grip on him or lior, for they will pilu on the agony ns a gaUlnro qua to a deud certainty . — Melbourne Herald. Fire at Combanino. — From tlio Burrangong Argus wo loarn that early 011 Monday morning, 27th ult., a lire took placo on tho promisos of Mr.. Conlans, of tho Beoliivo Hotel, Oomhaning, by which a stack of Imy and a shod wore destroyed. It boing suspoctod that tho fire wns tho act of an incendiary, information was forivardod to tho coroner for tho district, Mr. R. B, Armstrong, 011 Monday, and that goiitlomnn proceoded to Combaning, whore ho arrived on Tuosdny, nnd hold an inquest. Tho first witness oxamined was llonry O'Brion, who doposod : I am a labourer, at prcsont residing at Mr. Comans's; on tlio morning of 27th March I was slooping in a shod about twolvo yards from tho haystuok' thnt was burnod ; about throo o'clock I wits awoko out of toy sleep by tbo crackling of burn ing timbor ; 011 looking round I discovered Mr. Comans's haystack and Bliod woro 011 lira ; I immediately wont nnd roiiBed Mr. Comnns ; I assisted to stuy the spread of tho firo; I had ft firo within soventy yurds of tho stack for cooking purposes; I am quite cortuin that hud nobhingto do with tho firing of tho stack ; 1 was thoro all the timo on tho night boforo tbo lire, and never saw any porson noaror tlmn that to tho stack ; I boliovo, from tho appoarance of tlio bark on tho roof of tho shod, that it wns louky ; whon cutting hay out of tho stuck I hnvo traced wator marks to tho bottom of it ; tho hay at that time wns quits dry ; I novor noticed any sign of it boing hooted ; I went to bod about elovon o'clock, and wns up two hours afterwards, whon oVory thing wns right; I novor smoked close to tho stack; I enn- not in ntiy way account for tho firo. — Georgo Thomson, who wus sleeping in tho sanio shod ns tho last witness on tho morning of the fire, corroborated his evidence. — Michaol Comans do- posed to boing aroused by tho witnoss O'Brien, and, upon going to tho spot, finding tho stack and shed burned to the ground; could not account for tho fire, unless it was caused by some person oithor maliciously or accidentally ; it would be impossible for tho stack to got wot, as it was covored with haf'k nnd slabbed around. Tho verdict wus, tliut tho stnek was sot on fire by somo porson or persons unknown. The Goulburn Circuit Court. — In our last issuo wo were enabled to givo tho sentences passed on tlio prisoners convicted nt tho Goul burn Assizo Court. From the Goulburn Herald wo loarn thnt his Honor Jnstico Fuucott, whoa passing sentence on Thomas Wost, convicted of abusing a girl nndor twolvo yoars of ugo, remarked that this was u most shocking caso, and 0110 that ho did not wish to dwoll upon ; but i .tlio information hnd boon differently drawn up, the sontoiico would have boon doath' instoad of iinprisonrnont. Rofornng to Lnwronco Daloy'a caso, who was convicted of unlawfully wounding, his Honor said thut Daloy had a narrow escape of losing his life, ns had thoro boon a conviction on tho capital charge, doath would havo boon the penalty of his crime. Burkoiva Local Land Revenue. — Tho follow ing return (for which wo aro indebted to Mr. W. J. E. Wotton), shows the various amounts receivod by tho land agent, Burrowa, during tho quarter ending 31st March, 1871 : — For condi tional purclinsos, £313 lis. 3d. ; interest on con ditional purchases, £7G-i 12s. ; balances on con ditional purchases, £00; deed foes, £2; one' instalment of balance on conditional purchase, £10. Total, £1150 3s. 3d. — Advocate. Dissolution of Parliament. — O11 Thursday morning Mr. George Oakes, Mr. A. H. C. Macafoo, Mr. Thomas Ireland, Mr. \V. S. Friond, Mr. Samuel Dickinson, Mr. John Pope, Mr. Fred. Parsons, Mr. William Court, Mr. John Fyfo, and Mr. William Pritchard had an interview with his Excellency the Earl of Bnlinore, nt Government House. Tho Premier (Sir James Martin) and tlio Governor's private secretary woro also present-. Mr. Unites rend the petition praying that tlio Assembly bo dissolved, u copy of which has already appeared in theso columns. Similar petitions from Goulburn, Piirrnmattn, and New castle woro prosontcd, l.lio agg'regato nnmbor of signatures to all tlio potitious boing upwards of 80U0. His Excellency ropliod : — " Gontlemon, I shall loso no timo in submitting tlio potitious now presented to tho consideration of my respon sible advisers." Holi.oway's Ointment and Pills. — Bad Logs. — Any unnatural disclinrgo front tho skin is at ull times disagruoable, but in hot weather it becomes irritating — sometimes offensive. Bad logs, old wounds, Scrofula, and scorbutic eruptions aro cooled, sootlicd, nnd cured by Ifolloway's oint ment. It nt onco arrests all disoases of tho surface by purifying and rogulnting tlio circuln- tion in their neighbourhood, by giving energy to tlio norves of tlio affected pnrt, and by expolliug nil poisonous and noxious matters. It ejects tho soods of nil virulent eruptions and ulcerations, nnd thus coufors 110 partial or temporary bociu but a complete and permanent cure. By moans of thoso remedies nil sulforers tnny aim at attain ing houlth, and will invariably succeed. 