Mr. Duffy is so confident of being in a position thiB morning to submit to the Governor a list of his colleagues, that ho will probably before the day is over enter upon bis duties as Chief Secretary, m which case both Houses of Parliament will on Tuesday next adjourn fGr a month, to enable the new men to go .bofore the country to seek its approval of the recent ac tion-taken to get rid of the M'Culloch Ministry. There is a general impres sion that every one of those who havo been designated members of the new Ministry will secure his seat. Although there are a few names in the new team that: we should like to see erased, wo are satisfied that, taken as a whole, the Ministry is one from which liberal measures may be expected, and that it should stand until the Liberal party ha3 quite recovered from the blow which it received from tho trimming of its quondam chief, Sir' James' M'Cul loch. . Hia Ministry grievously dis appointed the reasonable expecta tions of tho (Country that its members would actively exert the powers confided to them, to work out a policy) of progress commensurate with the desires and wants of the people. T?nr frin rhfiAn mnnfliS f.hflv nAmlal-onf.lv occupied themselves in reducing -to a settled official system the practice of doing nothing. When, any measure especially calling for prompt and effec tive action was most eagerly sought for at their hands by popular desire, the art how not to do it was never more assiduously put in operation by them. Even when they did make an effort to rouse themselves to some sort of action, that action was invaria bly ; mischievous, .and antagonistic to tho popular requirements. The ad ministration of -the Lands department furnished a conspicuous exemplification of this supine and detrimental mode of ministerial procedure. The head of the Lands department had for his especial function the duty of administering the most liberal measure of land reform le gislation which our Parliament has ever passed into law. Rut in .his hands it became an instrument, not for diffusing a wide-spread settlement of population upon the unoccupied public lands; but, on the contrary, a means of frustrating theliberal and wise intentions of tho Le gislature, and of making itimpsseiblefor those sections of the public that eagerly sought to acquire a firm foothold on the soil to satisfy that legitimate de sire) ' Intending selectors of home steads, instead of having at their com mand an easy and immediate opening for their enterprise, in accordance with the provisions of the existing land law, found themselves entangled in a labyrinth of vexatious official regula tions and red-tape impediments, which resulted in nothing but tho most wearisome delays at first, and ulti mately, in utter failure, to attain, the ob ject of their anxious desires, namely, a home that they could call their own on our abundant waste lands. Never did men more fully experience the sickness of hope deferred than did the intending agricultural settlers of Victoria under this baleful regime of Mr. Land-minis ter. Macpiierson. It was pretty much the same in matters appertaining to the official management of our gold- fiolds. Thousands of acres of auriferous soil, in the possession of private owners, are locked up from all mining enter- V A«/1 nni- Tirro MTlnTT fthnV JJlliJO y tit LI VI JUU WU VAUA i«i a. vvuuvwam Mining minister, though promising much, never made one earnest effort to have enacted a law of mining on private property which would set free the buried treasure to the eager labors of the miner. Railway extension, which tho Ministry induced the public to be lieve would be prosecuted with energy and without delay, became au ignis fatuus in the bauds, of our do-nothing office-holders. The public had- their ex pectations trifled with in the most irk some and offensive manner. Seve ral sohomes of projected new rail ways wore kept dangling before the public eye',' some to accommodate one district of the country, some another, whilst early operations, now here, now there, were hinted at, appa rently, as it now seems, only to buoy up false Ihopes in all quarters — nothing practical whatever being attempted. This shallow and deceptive policy pro duced its natural effect, viz., angry disappointment and disgubt in every direction. All were made to feel that if the country was to make progress, there must be a change of Ministry. In fiscal reform some show of Ministe rial exertion was made, because of the imperative necessities of the case, occa sioned by a Berious deficiency in the revenue. But the effort was worse than useless. The measure recently proposed for amending the tariff was so crude in ita character, and so clumsy in its details, that the Legislative Assembly found it too difficult a morsel to digest. The task of shaping it into a practical work of reform scared the members of the Assembly ; and as it had a pendant to it in the form of a project for a tax on property, against which there was a unanimous popular outcry, Parliament seized tho occasion, to cast off the incubus of the Ministry and their policy, by a decisive vote of two to one against this tax. Resignation of office at once followed. Thus the outgoing mail for Europe leaves us in the midst of a Ministerial crisis. ; . The end of the crisis is however in sight. The new Ministry is vir tually formed, although the vote of the Assembly, which proved fatal to the M'Culloch Government, was only passed on Tuesday evening last. It is to be presumed no great inter ruption te the . business of the session will arise from the change of Govern ment. Whether the new men will acquit themselves of their dntieB in a way to satisfy the country/is a specu lative inquiry of no uso entering into at the present moment. If they fail either as to promptitude or capacity in giving effect to measures of sound policy upon the various important public questions which are pressing for disposal, they will speedily have to make way for others who will do tho work that the country requires. It is needless to ' shut out of view the fact that Mr. Duffy is by no means, regarded with confidence by the general . public. But he has been for several years out of office, and he has strong motives for .pursuing such a policy as will restore him to popular favor. " He and those "associ ated. with, him in the Government will have ; hoed to convince' , tho country by Buch measures as will speak for them selves that the public has made a profitable exchange in accepting them in the., place of Sir James M'Culloch and hia colleagues. The country wants a policy that will de velops its grand natural resources and rescue it from stagnation. Sir James M'Oulloch'b tenure of office since his last roturn: was utterly barren in this reBpect, "and the true policy of tho new Government will bo to present as wide a contrast as . possible to the post. Wo shall have to wait a few weeks before we are in a position to praise or condemn them. There are few institutions in this country of which colonists havo more occasion to be proud than the Public Library and the soveral establishments for instructive purposes that are affi liated upon it. Pounded in 1854, the building alone has cost upwards of £83,000, and the original design has not yet been carried to completion, but the advantages that have accrued to the public have been cheaply purchased in this expenditure, while the institu tion itself is an ornament to the city, anda monumental record of our rapid advancement in and intelligent apprecia tion of art, science, and literature. .Tiidcrfid hv kindred institutions in other parts of the world, and taking into ao count the favorable circumstances in which old-established communities are placed, compared with an infant colony, in achieving a great na tional work of this character, no country has done more than Vic toria in providing free reading for the people, of the highest possible character. In the report just issued by the trus tees of the Public Library, some statis tical information is given of free li braries in Europe and America. Of the former, that of Strasburg stands first, or it may rather be said it stood first until the breaking out of -the war be tween1 France and Prussia. It was con sidered to be one of the finest collec tions in Europe, both in character and extent in 1855, when it comprised 181,589 volumes, a large number of which were rare old books, to be found in no other library in the world. This collection, however, no longer exists, the most valuable portion having been destroyed during the Prussian bombard ment. Large as was the Strasburg collection, and valuable as it was no doubt owing to the rarity of many ef its ancient tomes, the Melbourne in stitution will at the present rate of progress count, in a year or two, as many volumes as formed the famous French library in 1855, while in a uti litarian point of view the value of the Victorian collection is certainly far greater. At the end of 1870 the four compartments of the Public Library contained 111,921 volumes, together with 15,000 replicas of the same authors ; and except in one or two large cities of the United States, no free library in , the world pos sesses So rich and varied a collection of tho ; literature of all nations. In many of the towns of Great Britain, France, Germany, and Italy there are free libraries, but nowhere are there such unrestricted privileges given to the public in the uso of them as in this oity. Nor is the liberality of any of the foreign) institutions extended beyond the local limit of the library itself. Those who live in the city where a public library is established may under xoi-nfullk riofinpd conditions have the free benefit of the institution, but the provinces in no case share the benefit of free reading unless the country comes ! to town for that purpose. Here, on the contrary, wo have") a lending library of duplicate works, from which literary fund provincial public ' libraries and mechanics' institutes are loaned one hundred, two hundred, or three hundred volumes at a time for periods of three, four, or six months.) . When an application is made by a provincial institution for a loan of books, it is granted on the most liberal conditions, and it is patent how warmly this privilege is appreciated from the fact that, during 1870, such book loans extended over an area of the colony embracing a population of 130,000 people, while Parliament haB specially voted from time te time no leas than £3000 for the purchase of new works for this ; particular branch of the in stitution, It may possibly be thought that the Public Library thus enters into competition with the bookseller and private librarian, and that the great bulk of tho works read in the Melbourne Library and loaned to provincial bodies is what is gene rally designated light literature, or works of fiction- So far from this being the case, there are only about 300 volumes of such works on the shelves of the Public Library, and these are probably the least used of any books in the institution. While there has necessarily been a large amount of public money expended in the purchase of books, the Library has been enriched by many liberal contri butions, the donations since 1854 being 11,591 volumes of generally valuable works, 2661 pamphlets, and 5354 maps, the trustees augmenting these, gifts by liberal presents of casts, busts, specimens of ceramic art, coins, medals, & c. It is not only to the literary studont that the Melbourne Public Library _ offers attractions that are to be found in few institutions of the same character in any part of the world. The establish ment is designed to meet all the require ments of the student in art, and at the same time to engender a national taste for sculpture and painting. Thus nearly £25,000 has been expended in statuary, and in forming a national gallery of pictures, and during last year no less than forty-one art students took advantage of this school to improve themselves in the study of works by old and modem masters. It would occupy too much space to dilate on uhe many advantages such a school offers to those whoso education in art is geographically con fined within Australian limits. It is at all events satisfactory to knew tlmt these advantages are duly appreciated by tho public, and that the liberal grants made by the Legislature to thia branch of the institution aro far from having been made in vain. Next to the fine art department, the National. Museum is of "the highest public im portance, chiefly because its mission is to popularise many scientific subjects thatiwould otherwise be wholly ignored. Its business is to preach Bermons in stones, and tn mako it clear to the meanest comprehension how every thing possesses a certain value when intelligence .and mechanical industry aro brought to bear upon them. Thus, we find in the report under review, that it is proposed to commence an icthyo- logical catalogue, in order that the public may bo better informed of what ediblo fish may be found on these coasts. We have also a 'suggestion to procure an analysis of the silt of various European oyster beds, for comparison with Bea bottoms supposed to be suit able for artificial oyster beds in thiB colony j and it is further proposed to form a veterinary collection, exhibit ing the diseases which affect the bones of animals. Beyond these suggestions again, the Industrial and Tech nological Commission recommend a yearly exhibition in ' connection with tho institution, and confined to some particular branch of industry, as, for instance, cabinetmakers' werk, leather goods, iron and brass work, and agricultural implements, each of these trades being made, for the timo being, the sole feature of an industrial exhibi tion. ' These are all steps in the right direction ; and if, while they lead the public mind to a national appreciation of tho importance of art, science, and manufactures, the Legislature will in telligently keep pace with tho good work, a few years more will find an intelligent industrial and mechanical community in Victoria not behind any other in the world. Day) after day we have had dinned into our ears tho assurance that proteotion was dead and buried. The last general oleotion gave auoh spirits to tho free traders that thoy no longor feared oven the ghost of their bugbear. And yot, now that ah opportunity is afforded them of showing their strength, they shrink from the trial of conclusions. It now npponrs that it'- ia the froe trado cause that is mori bund. AVo have at least the assurance of its chief organ in the colony for the fact that no Government founded on its principles could possibly be a permanent one. This is a humiliating confession to be mode by a public journal that has preached a six years' cruaado againBt protection. It has besought both tho educatod and un educated. classes to accept its dicta, if but ia cvor so small a degree, aud it has dili gently culled from foreign prints, and eagerly published- every sorap of evidence that it oonooivod would shako tho popular faith iu tho oeouomic system it condemned. And yet it is forced to declare to-day that it is further off than ever from convincing a stubborn peoplo that protection is bad for them. Pitifully lamenting its own failure, the organ of the free traders implores Mr. Lington not to attempt, if tho ohanco bo offored him, to form a froe trado Ministry. He is assured that such a Ministry could not possibly stand, that publio opinion needs stillfurthor eduontinginthe importers' oreod, and that Protectionist Government is the only ono whioh can give adequato effect to' tho wishes of tho community. Wo ore next informed of tho process by which the pooplo aro in future to bo made " con verts to truth and reason." Tho free traders aro omnined to give their support the Assembly to a Protectionist Government whilo their organ employs itself ontsido in tho Bublimo work of conversion. Mr. Langton and his friends are to assist Mossrs. Duffy and Berry to put on high protective duties. It gravely assures Mr. Langton and his friends that they may play the role thus given to; them " without any surrender of principle or sacrifice of solf respect. " It is certainly not for protectionists to find fanlt with the proposed method of " educating public opinion," and making converts to " truth and reason." Thoro mav be a nro- fundity of wisdom in theso iremarkablo sug gestions. Who can say but that six or seven years' more teaching on thisjnew system may not convert- the remnant of tho freo trado party in ;and out of Parliament entirely to protectiobist views, . The Government - Gazette of last night affords evidence of unwonted activity in clearing up tho arrears of business before the Executive Council. Ivino proclamations of various kinds havo been made. Tho most important announces certain changes in the mining regulations and in tho mining leasos, and no less than thirty applications for looses aro notified as having been approved of. There are no fower than twenty-three notices, some of them very lengthy, under tho Scab Act alone. A score of notices boar the signature of John A. Macphereon for, let us trust, tho last timo. Whether all tho things done are for the public good cannot yot bo told, but many of the notiees pro bably relate te matters which it would not bo quite safe to leave to the tender mer cies of a new Cabinet. Of the thirty appli cants for leasos, nine intend to work the areas allotted to them, when in full work, with two) men only. Somo of theso areas aro over four aoros in extent, so that there will bo half a man to the aere. One appli cant oandidly admits that only one man will bo employed when in full work. . Tho ether applicants propose to employ from three to twelve men when in full operation, tho areas ranging from an acre up to twenty-nine acres, the . proportion on tho largest boing three acrcjr to a man. These figures speak well for the liberality of the Mining depart-" ment;and we may look out for a largo in crease in the gold export returns. 