TOPICS OF TEE DAY. Considerable progress ought to bo made with practical legislation in tho Assembly this ovening, as several important measures arc to bo doalt witb. Fortunately tho pre liminary business is scanty, so that tho Post OiHco Act Amendment Bill is likely to be taken at an early hour ; then tho Elec toral Reform Bill ; and very probably tbo Customs Duties Bill immediately afterwards. Owing to an arrangement be tween the Government and tho hon. member for Mandurang, tho Permissive Bill may also bo afforded an opportunity of making its way, but tbo prcssnro of other business maV bo too frreat nvnn fnr Minlqfprlni complaisanco. It would appear that tho further discussion of the Estimates has boon deferred till Tuesday, when the deferred votes — education, immigration, and chari table institutions — will como undor review. Complaints having reached tho hon. tho President of Land, that at tho last sitting of tho local land board at Stawcll tho contract surveyor was not present with tho surveys, Mr. Grant has issued instructions that local land boards shall in all cases ,go on with tho work before tbem, whether tlio surveys aro before them or no ; that is to say, tho state ments of applicants shall bo bea rd. Such "an order will bo attended with very satisfactory results. rt . it. » asm eompeirCnu: lor any oo- strnctivo individual or clique, unworthily en joying tho privileges of Parliament, to thwart tho Government in their attempts to promote the public welfare through tho Legislature, and tho result is percep tible fu tho bock ward condition of Parliamentary business ; but in the departments, wliero Ministers can act with out let or hindrance, |they aro con stantly bringing their practical sense and public spirit to bear upon questions which their predecessors would probably have left in abeyance. For example, no sooner had tho Chief Secretary ascertained the niggardly policy of tho banks relative to our defaced silver coinage, tbaa he resolved to deal with tho matter at once, so far as ho I can secure the co-operation of hon. members. Anothor noticeable fact is tho dcterminatiQD of the Govornmont to tako the Scab Preven tion voto for only six months, leaving the pastoral tenantry thereafter to bear tho expense keeping their ruw, cloan — a system which has been work so well in New South. Wales. It was sarcastically said of the Tree selectors that, in addition to getting tho land at a cheap rate thoy would be unreasonable enough to expect gratuitous seed and imple ments in addition. Not a whit moro unreasonable, after all, was it to allow tho squatters to monopoliBo the pick ol tlio public territory, and to makq t.l-l0 public also pay for protecting th sir flocks against scab. This is something like "action." For tho future a practice entiroly new will be pursued at ftn local land boarda-a prac tice whioh cannot fail in working a revolu tion in certain quarters, for the benefit of the genuine selector. , With considerable forethought, tho hon. tho President of Lands has issued instructions as follows : — 11 Local land boards to inquire into the bona-fides of all applicants that appear before tbom ; also, as to the extent of land hold, either in fee simple or undor license. The appli cants also to stato their present and past occupation." This will bo a severe blow to dummyism. It was understood last evening that an attempt would be made, when tho motion for adjournment this evening till Tuesday was proposed, to obtain a Friday's sitting, so that the notice paper might bo cleared. It would be well for hon. members to know that in consequence of Saturday's journals being devoted to tho mail summaries, their eloquenco in defence of the rights of their several districts will probably bo confined to tho pages of Hansard. Captain Couchman, chief mining surveyor, haB returned to Melbourne, after a visit to Castlemaine, mado with the objoot of exam ining the olaims applied for on the Sandhurst ivunvay AvoociYuo, uu puium uubweea nar- court and Malmsbury. A few days ago wo referred to the caso of pawnbrokers taking articles from persons, particularly young ones, without exeroising proper care, for not only thoir own pro. teotion but that of the public. Mr. Jauiio- son, pawnbroker, Russell- street, was, to-day, summoned before Mr. Call, by Mr. Rabat, for a breach of tho Pawnbrokers' Aot. It seems, from what wo can learn of the circumstances, that two boys stole a pair or two of boots, and pawned them at Jamieson's for 2s Gd. When the caso . came on for hearing on tho criminal side of tho court, Mr. Sturt told Jamicson that he had acted very improperly in taking tho boots from tho lads. Jamio- son said ho had been ill ; that his managing man was away, and that, in fact, it was a lad in the shop who took the articles in pawn. The defence to- day was mainly the Bamo as on the provious occasion, and Jamieson further added that he thought that as he apologised in court it was enough for Mr. Rabat particularly, and the authorities generally. Mr. Call remarked that it would have been very reprehensible indeed if Mr. Rabat did.not take actiou in the matter. As the matter stood, ho (Mr. Call) would not now inflict so severe a penalty— for he had determined to make au example of suoh offenders as Jamieson did not appear to have taken a very activo part in the t ransac tion. Tho iionaltythe boueh would iuflict was £5 5s, with £1 Gs costp. From the Hobart Town Mercury we lfarn that H. M, Irving, Esq., M.A., principal of Wesloy Collogo, Melbourne, has arrived in Tasmania, to superuiv/nd the. examination of candidates for tho A.A. tlejjreo aud for tho Tosuianian scholarships, which examinations tako place on tho 11th inst. A caso of forgery occupied tho Hotkam Po'lice Bench for some time this morning. The prisoner was a lad named Glaistor, and lin tvitcf ohnrrrnrl witli f/it»inrr nnd ftf.liAmiriiniT to utter <t cheque for £120, purporting to bo signed by Win. Gillespie. Jao. James Wilson, lodger-keeper in the English, Scottish/ aud Australian Chartered Bank, Hothara, .said that on tho 23t d of August, tho prisoner camo and obtaino.1 a cheque book in the name of Gillespie, '.and in the afternoon pre sented a cheque for i -120, which was found to bo worthless. The manager was scon by tho prisoner, who eai. 1 that ho got tbo ohequo from Mr. Gillesp. io. He went away,' and was not seon again um 'il ho was arrested. He was committed for tr.'al, bail being al lowed, in two sureties of £2(, '0 each. Wc understand that the b. cnoh of magis trates at Berwick will, at th 'eir sitting to morrow, have before them som. c heavy busi ness, and that the services of a j. 'olico magis trate havo been secured for the i 'ccasion, to assist tho local justices. JLU. u UUJJ puiuit Ul LUlllUULby III UUCOtlUU with tho supplying Geelong with \ vator is how to conduct tho water froi u the resorvoir at Stony Rises to tho mains at tho Anakiea ; and, to havo tho difficulty solved as speedily as j/oa- sible, a communication was sent to day from the hon. tho Minister ftf Minos to Colonel Sankey, with tho object of obtaining from tho Colonel suggestions as to tho best means which can be adopted for overcoming the difficulty, without at tho samo time losing sight of the necessity which exists for an economical outlay of monoy in the prosecution of tho desired works. Amongst tho latest of our colonial indus tries is that of the broom manufactory, ton. Tho stuff that the brooms are manu factured from isimported from Sau Francisco, but at present an effort is being made to grow it in Victoria. If the speculation should provo a success, it may throw our American cousins out of the market. Wo notice by tho Tasmanian journals, that tho export of applos to Iudia from that island is likely to prove successful. By letters which have beeu received from Iudia, in reply to parcels sent there, it appears that about 12 per cent, are damaged, and that those apples which aro wrapped in paper are iu a better state of preservation than others. In tbo County Court to-day prolate was granted to the will of Henry Princo Walker, ui ouiiou'bbreuL., .oust vjuiuugwuou, grocer aua general dealer. Wo aro right glad to perceive that tho members of tbo Melbourne Mechanics' Insti tute assembled in great force last evening, and, with comparatively little opposition, adopted tho revised rules, according to tho suggestions of tho committee. This suc cess ought to encourago them to undertake tho reforms necessary to bring tho institu tion up to tho mark, and wo are confident that they will be up to the mark themselves. Tho Climes correspondent of the Star writes as follows : — " A curious fact in orni thology, and which Itbiukwill rather puzzle naturalists, lias just como under my notice. Some two years ago Mr. F. Hepworth, of Smcaton Plains, procured a fine black i Spanish hen from Bullarook, and nothing re markable was noticed in tho fowl till about nine months ago, when the feathers around tho head gradually changed from black to white. From that timo the change in tho hue has been steadily progressing, till the transformation is now complete, and what was oneo a perfectly black hea is now most unmistakably a white one." Dr. Rohner, the eccentric ex- coroner of ninlinrn liaa Iyaaii /Inli imvinr. » 1 n.i... ... uvuruiiug It IWblllU UU spiritualism in that township. In reporting the lecture, a local journal ventures to re late ono short ghost story told by tho doctor, in tho hope that a deep student of mental phenomena, as tho lecturer undoubtedly iB, has not found it difficult to account for what ho saw, and that in his next lecture he will givo his audience tho benefit of his re searches. The doctor relates that a few nights ago ho had been engaged writing his lecture until about eleven o'clock, aud fool ing fatigued lie wont out on bis verandah, wliOD, after walking up and down for a few times, he saw what he believed to bo a man in black clothes coming up tho path ; tho figure at last stopped, and tho doctor be lieving it was some ono coming to call him to a patient, thought it strange that the figure had so Btopped. He then went to- wards it, and tho appearance turned round and walked away, the doctor following. On getting o'oser ho saw tho figure had no head ; at last, having followed it down a long walk, tho mysterious stranger went through the closod gate and disappeared. It was understood that an inquiry would bo held in London into tho causo of the wrook of tho Queen of tho Thames. Tho fol lowing extract from a letter received from Mr. J. E. Stead, formerly stationmaster at Castlemaine, and who was passenger to Eng land by the steamer, shows that tho inves tigation lias not been proceeded with: — "I receivod a subpoena to appear before tho Board of Trade on tho 15th of Juno, and in compliance witb that I went to London to givo ovidenco in re wreck of tlio Queen of the Thames. However, when I got there the inquiry was closed, tho board fooling a difficulty in proceeding to adjudicate on a matter which had already been inquired into." Another caso of juvenile denravity occurred to-day at tho Rolling Mills, West Melbourne. A boy named John Stephens, aged fourteen years, the son of a blacksmith at Hotham, was, it appearp, sent by his father to purchase flnmn irnn_ \ulien lin txrna on n rrVif _ bar. He was given in charge, and locked up in Swan8ton-streot watchhouse. It is sus pected that tho accused has been taking iron from tho company for a long time past. In the Sunbury Police Court, yesterday, boforo Mr. J. T. Thompson, Mr. Loman, and Mr. Millor, W. Pcndergast was sum- monod by a Mr. Hydo for tho illegal deten tion of a mare valued at £10. The ovidenco wont to show that a man named Barko had this mare when a foal, and gave it in charge to tho keeper of tho town common, and that ho afterwards lost hor. Four witnesses de posed that tho liorso belonged to the com plainant, and was not tho horse that was purchased by tho defendant from Mr. Bethel, keeper of the' Bulla pound. Upon the suggestion of Mr. M. Q. Byrne, who appeared for the defendant, three gentlemen went to tho paddock of Mr. Pondorgast, and each severally identified the maro as the one that Pendcrgast bought out of tho pound moro than a year ago. The defendant, about a month ago, having soon the mare outside a blacksmith's shop at Sunbury took possession of her, and this summons was for the illegal detention of her. The ease wob dismissed, with £G 6b coBta. Respecting our supply of fish, this para graph, from a Gipps Land ooutemporary, is interesting The waters of Lake Vic« toria, especially noar the entrance, aro now swarming with fish, but owing to the irregular arrival of tho steamers and their occasional return via Port Albert, tho fishermen aro preoluded from reaping a rioli harvest, in being unablo thoroby to forward supplies to the Molbpurne market.; Indeed wo arc in formed that through' tlio noo-hrrival of tho steamor last wook at the time expeotod, one fisherman compelled to destroy fish that would have brought him a good few pounds had ho boon able tosend them to town. Tko fisliormon generally "aro praying dovoutly for a railway to bo opened, as uador existing circumstances, and the difficulty of Ecnding tho fish to a market, thoir trado is, com paratively speaking, poor and profitless." An important point in conncotion with tho publicans' liconse system has been raised in Sandhurst. Tho Independent says that, judging from proceedings at tho local polico court on Wcduosdav, ono result of tbo change of Sandhurst from a borough to a city will bo to do away with a large number of tho milior publichotises. " Tho Wines, Beer nnd Spirits Statute provides for tlio issue of £10 licenses in oortaiu districts, but nono of theso are to bo issued iu a city, or within a mile of its boundaries, the designors of tho olauso having apparently considered that in important places hotel accommo dation should be of a superior cha racter. It will be remembered that it is only a fow months since Sand hurst, then a borough, was proclaimed as a place where theso licenses should bo issued; and it must have been a terrible blow to the thirty or forty applicants yester day, to find quite an array of legal talent prepared to provo that tho hopo of renew ing their licenses was futile. Mr. It. Strickland appeared for the Total Ab stinence Society, whioh saw in the wording of tho clauso an easy way of shutting up a good many houses, and Mr. Martloy was also opposed to tho granting of the li- nonana llltAII ftll lm IaaU « tuuit yuruuumr uaru to assure everybody that he was not con nected with tho total abstaioers. Mr. Mot- teram looked aftor the City Council interests, the members of which body appear to havo forgotten that the now title would neces sarily involve a little loss of revenue. Tho I Police Magistrate professed himsolf as settled in a conviction that tho licenses could not issue, but tho other members of tho Licsn- cing Bench. Messrs. Aspinall and William- 1 gdf differed, so the whole of tho cases were Adjourned until Monday next at 12 o'clock, it being understood that in tho meantime tho opinion of tho Crown Law Officers will bo takon as to whother the clause in question was prospective. " A medting of tho ratepayors of the Borough of Hotham is convened for this evening, at tho Riug's Arms hotol, corner of Curzon and Qticcnsberrv ntronta fn, f X.. ..... pose of considering tho Permissive Bill The ball to be given at tho Town Hall on Monday evening next, in aid of the liquida tion of the debt on St. Augustine's Chlsroh, promises to bo very successful. Alroady a large number of tickets have boen sold by the committee. We havo received a copy of the already favorite song "Though from thino eyes," the words of which aro by Mr. C. Tivelck- ineyer, and the music by Mr. C. G. ElsaSoer, a leading professor of music in this city. The song deserves to be in the- repertoire of every lady who delights in song. The re-appearance of tho Gregory Family drew a fair attendance to the Royal last night, and considerable interest was taken in the entertainment, which was of tho usual sensational character. Mr. Grevillo and Miss ouiio appeared in " xno Harvest Home," whioh they made very pleasant; added to whioh some characteristic songs were sung by. Mr. Barry O'Noil. By way of iinalo tho audience were treated to" A Supper Gratis." Last evening, Offenbach's opera, "Tho Grand Duchess," was performed at the Prin cess Theatre. Tho house was crammed in every part, caused, no doubt, by tho fact of M133 Haidee Heller making her first appear- aneo in opera. The lovers of music, how ever, were greatly _ disappointed with her vocalisation and acting, and so far the work was simply spoiled. All tho other parte were given with aoenraoy and finish. The opera is to be repeated to-night. Mail Returns. — Beturn showing tho number of letters, packets, and newspapers received at, and despatched from, Victoria, per P. and O. Royal Mail steamsbins, during the month of August, 1871 .Received per Geelong, 33, 187 letters, 2175 packets, 92.G35 newspapers. Dispatched per Avooa, 41,691 letters, 82S packets, 43,937 news- papers. Received per Rangoon, 3S, 391 letters, 2109 packets, 90,071 newspapers. Total, 118,272' letters, 5112 packets, 220, G73 newspapers. 