It may be desirable to call attention to a few of the additional items of news, or details of matters previously referred to. The proceed ings of the 'Colonial Conference' at the Westminster Palace Hotel are really scarcely worthy of further notice. We had been under the impression that the people composing the j Association had been already pretty well] demolished, after the sarcastic reproof administered to them by Earl Gran ville, and the cordial approval which that treatment met with from the sensible portion of the Australian Press ; but this kind of playing at Parliament must be very sustaining, for the members of the Conference are up and at it again, as heartily as ever. Many of our readers may call to mind tl: a*: Br. Lang, in the days of his poli tical tournaments, was fond of using a quota tion from Macbeth, in whioh, apropos of the ghost of Banque revisiting the glimpses of the moon, the 'royal tyrant of Dunsinane regrets tbat the former rule of humanity, that ' when the brains were out the man would die,' no longer prevails. We may indulge imagination by supposing that this departure from the order of nature aocounts for tbe obstinate vitality of the Colonial Conference, and can afford to let them play out their foolery as long as they keep from misc . . We have w, at last, full articulars of the riot in the Phoenix Park, Dublin, concern ing which so much confusion and misrepresen tation appeared in the American telegrams^ even to the extent of involving the Prinoe of Wales in the affair. His Royal Highness, as before stated, br.d nothing whatever to do with it ; and as to the rest, both parties appear to have been greatly to blame — the people end the authorities who set the police in motion. The violent and intern' perate conduct of the Fenian sympathisers was certainly caloulated to provoke resistance ; but on the other hand, as remarked in the resolu tions passed by the Dublin Corporation on the subject, tbe crowd in the Park were asserting an undoubted right by assembling in publio meeting on a public. subject. As to the injuries inflicted, while the sensational state ment that ' the greensward was reddened by the blood of the eople' is simply ridioul us, the damage done by the police with heir truncheons was not so slight as other accounts would make out. The Commission of Investi gation will probably find the truth between the two extremes. A more agreeable subject is afforded by the speech of the Premier, Mr. Gladstone, at the Mansion House dinner. After referring in temperate and conciliatory language to the political differences whioh had occurred between her Majesty's Ministers and the House of Lords, the Premier referred to the addresses which they had that night heard from the representatives of ' two of the greatest nations of the earth,' and expressing hid con fidence that the friendship between Great Britain and France would be lasting, he turned to the other nation alluded to — America and her relations with England, concerning which Mr. Gladstone spoke aB follows : ' The Treaty of Washington is a great international recognition of those principles of equity which are, I trust, now discovering come modes for the settlement of quariels better than the brutal arbitrament of the sword. We have been willing to place in abeyance our own prejudices and our own determined adherence to our own views of our par ticular rights and claims, for the purpose, in the first place, of securiog what we believe to be the safest and most honourable termina tion of differences. May I say, in the secohd l lace. tbat we also hope we may do something ? at least in this one respect of appeal to a paoific settlement, rather than to force — in the shape of setting an example to the world.' After gracefully acknowledging the assistance which the Government had received from all sections of politicians in endeavouring to carry these objects into effect, the Premier alluded to thoEe ties of natural affection that existed between the two people, though tfiree thousand miles of sea divided them, and those feelings were j chequered by the circumstances under which, a hundred years ago, America separated herself from the Parent State, and entered upon that career in whioh they all wished her the realization of her most saBguine hopes. These senti ments were loudly cheered by the brilliant party of national representatives and political celebrities assembled; and Mr. Gladstone pro ceeded in the following satisfactory terms : ' The very last of those causes of difference has now, I believe, been removed, and I feel that we may now look forward to a future of perfect har mony with America We are able to cast a glance beyond America, and to say that at this moment when I speak, England has not a quarrel or a controversy, or a subject of difference with one single nation on the face of the earth ' The ex-Emperor Napoleon seems to have [ been keeping up his regal connections at Chiselhurct, and had lately received a con siderable number of royal and illustrious visitors. With regard to minor items of news, it may bo mentioned that the sentence of the Court Martial on Captain Beamish for the loss of H.M.S. Agincourt was that he be severely censured and enjoined tol jfce jb^^catefuP In futnref? that the doetors i'syerij ; of 'opinion ifiat La8j j -Mordauiiflwas j^trelj^igniiig infinity, fina j her husbsiiii. intended to procecd-with the ; divorce trial ; and that Frances RogerB, the laitrileteoted f' baby farmer,'!. had .i-een . sen- j 'tenora to twenty' years'' peplti servitude' j I ? . ST'* ' ? ? : Oaphjre -oe- a LaME sSea l. - We --have .been in formed tbat Mr. W. Beveridge of Darby-street, New castle, captured a seal upwards of nine feet in length on the beach near the smelting works, about three Tiiilpn from pfewoaatlo, -tin Sunday last.1,? 7he anima was discovered baBkihg~ in thVdun on the rocks some distance away from the ses^'&id; before it Bad time to return to the water its captor succeeded in despatching it with stones. Ab Mr. Beveridge had.no means ^con veying bis prize into Newcastle, he contented himself by obtaining possession of the skin, which, may be seen at his residence. Darby-street. Many years ago, seals were very plentiful along tbe' coast towards Port Stephens, but latterly they have become so scarce'that their appearance is ' regarded as an object of curiosity. Pilot. Dabtog Bobbeb; at Newcastle. — On Tuesday morning the steward of the Southern Cross, barque, lying at Newcastle, succeeded in perpetrating a daring robbery on board his vessel, ana making off with a large amount of booty. The man' had only ' shipped three or four days previously, and at an early hour yes terday he was seen to go ashore, as it was supposed, with a bag of dirty clothes, but this being a usua' 'tiling no notice was taken of him; About five minutes ; afterwards Captain Johnston went into his cabin, and at once discovered that his eashbox, containing ^ L20 ; gold watoh and chain {valued at L31, a promissory note for L5, and a quantity of other papers ; the mate s watch and chain, valued at L16, and a quantity of clothes, were missing. Information was immediately given to the police, but up to last evening their efforts to capture the thief were unsuccessful. The total value of the articles stolen is about MO. — Newcastle Pilot. T^e Weather amd the Obops on the Hckte'b.— Though for some farmers the rain of last week was Buffioient, enough did not fall for the general require 1 ments of the general requirements of the district, and lucerne growers and farmers are anxiously awaiting another downpour, which at present does not seem likely to be granted. The rain of last week had not sufficient weight to sink to any great depth into the toil, and backward vegetation did not, therefore, receive the impulse which was required to start it. The grass seems to have fared a little better in favour able situations, for it disnlava the wonted Greenness of Spring ; but the bills are still brown and parched up. What with the bright green foliage of the traes, the ful blossoming of orchards, and the general'appearance of .cultivation in all the river valleys, the country about Maitland looks very beautiful, and with a further supply of rain would leave nothing to be desired, either by the admirer of landscape or the fanner.— Maitland Mercury. Attempted StjrcrpE.— On Tuesday afternoon, about 6 o'clock, fa man named Daniel Murray, residing in Morpeth, cut'his throat with a razor. He has been living for the past two or three years with las brother in-law, a man named Norton, and was - regarded as partially imbecile, but quite harmless. He hsd a great predisposition to melahoholy, and 'used to wander about Morpeth, but no anticipations of any attempt at suicide were entertained by any of his relatives. . On Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Norton was out and returned home at Go'clook, about; the same time as her husband left work, and husband and wife reached the houBe together. When they went inside, they found Murray Bitting at a table with his throat out, and tbe windpipe partially severed. Information was sent to Sergeant Gordon, who came and took Murray to the Maitland Hospital, where Dr. Pierce saw the wound and dressed it. It was his opinion that the jugular had been touched, and that there was reason to apprehend serious consequences from the wound, which had bled very much. Murray is of course still in the' hospital. — Merouxy. Death of an Infant fbom Suffocation.— An inquiry was held at Bathurst, on Monday last, into the ciroumstanoes attending the death of an infant, named Robert Thomas Thurston. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that on Saturday night, about 11 o'clock, Mrs.' Thurston went to bed with the child, which was then in good health. The child slept soundly through the night, and about dayhreak oned for the breast. Mrs. Thurston gave the child the breast, and fell asleep again. She . awoke between 7 and 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, and found that the child had fallen from the breast and was lying between herself and her hasbwdi She saw that the face of the child was quite black, and at once awoke her hnsban and requested him to go ' for the dootor, saying that Bhe thought the ehild was dead. Mr. Thurston at once sent for Dr. Machattie. who was promptly in attendance, and at onoe pronounced the child to be dead. The parents of the child both stated that the child had been healthy from its birth, and they could not account for its death. 33ie purport of the doctor's evidenoe was that the child had died from suffocation, and the finding of the coroner was that the deceased, Robert Thomas Thurston, came to his death by suffocation in bed, acidentally, and not other-, wise.— Free Press. The Weatheb at Wacoa Waoga.— The recent rains have caused a heavy rise in the river and the flooding of most of the low-lying flats on its banks. A Sood deal of rioh young feed, has in this way been estroyed, and until a fresh spring takes place the fiats for grazing purposes will be useless. About the Hang ing Bock, Mangoplah, Mitt≅, and surrounding ; neighbourhoods the rainfall has been exceptionally heavy, and the creeks have in consequence been all filled to overflowing. At Bullenbong the water rushed down the creek in immense volumes, completely sub merged the plain, and for the first time this season entered the homestead of Mr. Davidson. The flood, however, fortunately, soon ran off again, and allowed Mr. Davidson and his family to return to the house. The Yrana Creek rose to a greater height than it has ever been known to do before^ five inches of tain having fallen within a very short penod of time. Lower down the rain appeua to have been muoh lighter, sixty ' points only having fallen at Yanko during Sunday and Monday, and but twenty-five on the following Wed nesday. On the Merool the rains filled all the dams, creeks, and watercourses, and has given an abundant supply of water for some months to come. -Express. The Fiiooss at Albuby.— Daring last week the Albury district was again subjected to an overflowing of the waters 'from the Murray and the various creeks I in the vicinity of the town. The rain, whioh com menced to oome down last Sunday night week, con tinued to fall steadily tor several days, wben on the sixth day the river was overflowed, and one vast sheet of water extended from the Crioket Reserve to the Wodonga Creek, a distance of at least two and a. half miles. ' Owing to the back water from the river, the usual flooded state of the flat was the result, and families liad to be removed by boats and other convey ances. The town itself was saved on this occasion from the periodical rush of water from the Black Range Creek, which was diverted from its ordinary course by a large cutting through Mr. Wilcox'e paddock. Had this not been :dene, the townspeople must have suffered severely. During Friday and Satur day grave doubts were entertained with re gard to the safety of the new road between j Albury and Wodonga, and there is no dpubt it was ; well that the contractors had left it in tbe care of an ' experienced person like Mr. Lambert, as during the Friday night and Saturday morning the current was so strong that at one of the approaches it had worked out a gap extending at least sir feet into the embankment, however, by a timely application of sand bags, which formed a break-water, further damage was stayed. To convey a slight idea of the vast volume of water pass ing along, we may state - that the water-way, not inoludiDg the bridge over the Mnrray, iB to the extent of 1346 feet, and in some places the depth of running water u over fifteen feet deep ; we have not heard oi any particular damage having been done, beyond the flooding of the people's farms and houses, which is cer tainly quite bad enough ; the water is now subsiding fast, snd it is to be hoped that this will be the last, as it is the first flood of the season. — Border Post. The 'Victoria Crioket Club held their half-yearly meeting on Tuesday evening, at St. Paul's Bohool-room ; Alex. Gordon, Esq., in the chair. The attendance of members was very fair. The Secretary's report was very favourable, and the balance in the handB of the treasurer was over £16. A gold medal was presented to Mr. Bigg, for being highest average soorer in the first eleven during last season, and a prize bat was pre sented to Mr. Douglas for the same honour in the second eleven, for whioh both gentlemen returned thanks. Mr. J. Hinchy was elected Seoretary, and Mr. 1 W. Hosking treasurer. The committee were elected by ballot, and the result was as follows : — Messrs. G. Fisher. Bigg, Millenger, Saber, O. Parkinson, and Steel. The funds ef the club are to be placed into the Savings Bank to the credit of three trustees, Messrs. Gr. Parkinson, W. Bigg, and J. Hinchy. Notioe was given to alter at the next monthly meeting the rule relating to subscriptions, the intention being to make them annual instead of monthly, as heretofore, so as to entitle the club to send delegates to the New South Wales Cricket Association. A vote of thanks was given to the local board for the use of the room, and to Mr. Gordon for presiding, after which the meeting terminated, ?James Johnson, a grey-haired man, apparently about fifty yean of age, vras committed for trial at the Yass Court of Petty Sessions, on Wednesday week, on a charge of committing a rape npen a girl named Lucy Ann Mercer. It appeared that the girl, who is sixteen years of age, but looks much younger, was alone in the house, when prisoner came up ana asked for a drink of water and a light for his pipe. He then, having ascer tained that no other person was there, commenced laying his hands upon the girl, who it seems is very nervous, and having frightened her beyond the power of resistance, he oommitted the offence with which he J* charged, 