: "LITERARY' NOTICES. : ;,' : THE latéPrófesaór'Coningtóh/whoso r&tnor;,untimely i decease Was* á source of deep rogrot' to moat scholars . and poets,' translated tho Satires, Epistles and Art ol Poetry óf'Horaoe, into'English'verse, but scarcely : lived to, see his translation through tho press. A translation by so renowned a scholar ,was. naturally ; expected to he « {nie translation'of tho original, 'tt "Jftfta (t«t/odént¡1ór;'&6'.inü4 satire'and mellow wisdom ¡of "tho great! Venusian, and - whioh, on 1 account j of. ita i scholarly characteristics', and . the oîiellonoo of,its;. metre,'' would -bo regarded tis a hoon by thoEnglish reader.- cWe bring, tho work under the notioo of our ifiadorfl mondy to show, them tn at it is ono af'the: heat translations of an admiráblo author, whioh can ber had for money. During- the year id which tho lamented Professor's: work was published, a most genial, rrdd in muny cases happy, translation - of tho- Qdes, "fSpodes, and : Satires. of I Horace, by Mr. Theodoro Martin, was also. 'pub> likhod. This translation is (considered,! by tho: best judg(J."> to bo one. of tho best yet morie, not only on account pf ita fidelity to ; tho :' original,.« but also on account of tñc coso and'excellence of its metro. ' A fe v quota tiona from both transía lions will show how differently two writers ot almost equal merit as poets, although jperhaps differing in scholarship, can express tho sa. m o'thoughts in torso and excel- lent English. Theiler lines of tho passage refor ring to the liberality of Horace's father in Book I., Satire 6, is thru ren(.1°""0'I by Professor Coning toni No : While my head's unturned, I na or shall need To blush for that dear father, or to plead As men oft plead, 'tis Nature's fault, not mino, \- I carno not of a bettor, worthierUne.. . Not thus I speak, not thus I feel : the plea . Might ierre another, but 'twere baso in my. Should fate thi3 moment bid mo to go back O'er all my length of years my life re-track To its first hour, and pick out such descent As man might wish for e'en to pride » content, I should rest satisfied with mino, nor chooso. New parents decked with senatorial shoal, ' Mad most would think mo, sane, as you ll allow. To wai« a load ne'er thrust on me till now. 'Setting the " senatorial ¡shoes" aside, we think Mr. Martin's translation of the same lines is smoother and more satisfactory to the English ear ; than the Professor's version. Mr. Martin trans latea :- . .. . Now. Tknow, More «molt thanks und loftier praise I owe. ' ? ? Ileaion must fall mo era 1 cease to own . With pride, that I hive such a father known : Nor shall I stoop my birth to vindicate. By charging, like tho herd, the wrong on fato, That I was not of noble lineage sprung ; For other creed Inspires my heart and tongue. For now should Nature bid all living men .' Retrace tnelr years and live them o'er again, Each culling as his inclination bent. His parent for himself, with mino content, , I would not choose whom men endow as great .. With the insignia and the scats of state ¡ ' And though I rccraed Insane to vulgar eyes. Thou would'st perchance esteem me truly wita. In thus refusing to assume tho care Of irksome stats I was unused to bear. ?' Tho insignia and tho seats of stato'* throw 1 *' senatorial shots", into eclipse. Both passages ha thonecessary roughness of n translation, for a trai lotor must sometimes atcrifice tho graces of poe embellishment to fidelity. This is well seen in parnllel pnssago in Goldsmith's Traveller, in whi the- bard, freo to, write as ilia genius prompts, a ha7ing most probably tho allusions of Horaco to 1 father, or a school-ghost of them flitting before 1 mind's eye,' apostrophises his brother. Jtemotc, tinfriendod, melancholy, alow, Or by, the lazy Scheid, or wandering Fe ; Or onward, whero tho rudo Corinthian boor Against tho homeless stranger shuts the door ; Or whero Campania's ptain forsaken Iles, A weary waste expanding to tho skies ; . Where'er I roam, whatever realms to see, -My heart untravelled fondly tums to thee : Still to my brother turns, with ceaseless pain. And drags at each remove a lengthening chain. ? Tho stylos of both: these translators in the pu sage .which represents the field mouso cntertaini) a guest (Dook IL, Satire Otb) stand in admiral /contrast. Tho Professor says : Ha spares not oats nor vetches ; In bia chapi ? Kallins ho brings and nibbled bacon scraps, Hopi og by varied dainties to ontlc'o . : Ills town-bred guests so delicate and nice. Who condescended graciously to touch \- . Thing after, thin?, but never would take much, "' , While he. tho owner of tho mansion, sato On thrcshed-out straw, and spelt and darnels ate. . ; Mr. Martin ronders this very happily in oct syllabics. In brief he did not sparc his board Of corn and pease, long coyly stored : JRalsins ho.brought, and scraps, to boot, Half gnawed of bacon, "which ho put ?'" With hut own mouth befors his guest, In hopes by offering his best In such variety ho might Persuade him to a» appetite But still the cit with languid eye Just picked a blt then put it by ; ; , Which with dismay the rustic saw , As, stretched upon somo stubbly straw, , "' Ho munched at bran and common grits Not venturing on the dainty bits, , The English reader, to whom the advantages oi Uberal i education, hayo been denied, will find bol the translations from which wo bdvo quoted exce lent means'of becoming acquainted with Horatio "wisdom.- :.. . .?. ? Mr: ¿Francis .'furner;Palgrave hos written, ac 'MeBsrB;Maomilliun end Co. have published, a volun .f lyriq'al poems, which, if it does not contain, tl beBt poetry of tho season, contains at least mar ?lyrics that are both mellifluous nnd respectable 1 'the /poem called Melusine we have a description i the abcjde of tho heroine, which might almost tem] us to wish we wera hy hor side, The legend -celtic apd ancient. j Gray mountains all around ? Immovable ; green meadows bosom'd high - ;:' Haunted with solitude -, the clinking bell \ .'-Far oOVyot nigh; j Whtfre tho still herds like spots of shadow dwoll : \- .7 \ . lush aspens by tho lake . Lev^lpastures ;.aud tue-hidden nook .-, .Whare, o'er worn boulders arrowy breaking by, ' ? ' .j Tho clear brown brook ;? Haloes stillness stiller with its one sweet cry. .-'<: I . -Gray mountains all around ; ' , : Above, the crystal azure, /perfect, palo ; As If a skirt of Eden's heaven forgot , .. : '. Arch'd o'er the vale;' , Guarding a peace beyond earth's common lot, ? ? There ia much lyrical sweetness in' tho Beoollec tiena ot Childhood, and muoh that will rocall to th reader's mind the happy time when he gambolled i: innocence around his mother's knee. "! ' .'.* . .- I love the gracious littleness ' " '.""j Of childhood's fancied reign ; '" t > : Th« narrow chambón and tho moolee . ,. . ., r . That all tho world contain ; ? .. ' The fairy landscapes rn she wolla ..."-, And h«lf-imagined faces ; ','. ' . Tho stairs from thoughtless steps fenced off, " "'" Tho landing loved for races ; By stranger feet the floors are trod That still In thought I see : ?? - ? , ?: But the goldon days ot childhood , i... i , , May not return to mo. Theso are fair and typical samples of the poetrj contained in, thia volume, and may whet the reader'i 'desire tö seo the whole." ;; Dr. Goodwin, Professor of Greek at. the Harvard University, lin tho .United States of America, hot revised and edited a translation of Plutarch's Morals which haB.bee'n.published by.Littlo, Brown, and Co. "Of Boston, and which is considered one of the besi ^translations-of Plutarch's miscellaneous works yet .given io thev'world:' Some English critics are rather ¡annoyed that America ¿should have the honour oi (publishing Jsuch" an excellent translation, because -tho fact Of its. beingpublished..' there indicates a rather widoly.'diffused taste for classical Utornture among .Xbiii'.lAmerican pooplo. . An introduction, by Balph Wildo Emerson, ria not the least valuable paît of tho present volun-o... ,Tho translations whioh -fir. Goodwin has hora given, in a revisad form, are hy many different hands, somo by Creech, others by Baxter,] and'others by mon of less not". Somo of them,are-^yeryj spirited^'.and required11. '« any revision, whilo otheys.'Ve^ bald needed badly . ¡st of additions and'amendments. Amongst the former is tho story of a Boman,-,who tested his wife's power ,'o'f keeping a secret,.'by. telling her a fiction, when she had requested him to roveal to hor ono of tho secreta oi {bo-state.'; The story has a.counferport in almost every UtoraturO,;án(l tut î°ho JR «'mort every houiehold._,,.In our literatura we hara much that resembles it, the. scene of the tale being usually laid amongst -.the .mysteries of -free-masonry, or othor i equally provoking arcana.- Tho devico of tho modern :wag, who proposed to form a telegraph by placing a largo number of indies in'°. line, and communicating .the news to tho lady, placed* At orin extremo of the line, in order that it might bo rapicu? transmitted to the lady at tho other extreme is but a modification of Plutarch's igomul description of feminine weak- ness. The Roman had told his wifo an untrue tftlo in answer to hor importunilics, and had then gone about his businets/ i Plutarch says : Wo looser was he gone but ula wife caught hold of the Drat of her maids that entered'thc roam, and then striking her breast and tearing hoi hair, "Woe ls mo," »»ld »ho, "for my poor husband, and dearest country I What will become Cf ua'?'' prompting the maid, as if abo iroro de,trous that aha should say. to. hor,""WhyI what Is tho matter mUtrctsy* Upon which sho presently unfolded all that her husband had told her :> nay, she forgot not tho common burden with which all' twattle-baskots conoludo their stcrlis. . "Hut, hussy," saldsho, "for your lifo, bo suro you oay not a word of this to sor. soul¡ltTiDg."' Tho wench no sronor got ont of hor mistress's ¡«y-*! but meeting one of her fellow-amants that had llttlo to do7 »he nuSî.'Om» herself : alie bio- with the OtWt, with no leas speed runs away to her sweetheart, who I had cam« to pay her a visit, and without any more aio tella him ali. By . thia means the storr flow about the market- place, beforo the flrst duvlsèr of ft could got thither. Prc nows?" "Oh I" ' quoth his frlenö, "A lark boa been flying in tho air, with a golden helmet upon'her head, and, a apear in her claw, and tho Sonata ii summoned to consult about it."- Upon which, tho gentlotnan smiling ; Qod-a- mercy, wlfo," quoth he, ."for being ao nimble!' Ono.would,havo thought! might have got into tho market-place before a story so lately- told had timo to got thoro ; but I seo 'twas not to bo done.", . | "Plutarch waa an arch ItOguo,yet tltoro Was wisdom in'his roguery.'. ?Tho present revised translation of his Morals will help to perpetuate his famo, amongst those who aro unable to rend him in any other lon guago than their own; ' ? ? Tho following lines' were found on a lawyer's tnblo in a court' house after tho adjournment of tho. court the other day ;-"Pair woman was made to bowitoh : a companion, a nurao, a blessing, a curse-fair woman I wa* mada to be.wbieh ?" 