THE THEFTS OF A LEARNED DOCTOR. I [From the Daily News, April 12th] " The Bibliophile, Doctor Aloys Pichlor." '] Under this gently suggestive heading a story " 'i came to us from the Imperial Library at St. j Petersburg about a most learned German, ., whose deep devotion not merely to his own, but to other people's books has been displaying , ยก itself in a very unmistakable manner. To such' as have known Dr. Aloys Pichlor of old, and are 11 acquainted with the sort of reputation he used it to enjoy the latest development of his genius i will seem not a little extraordinary. For the '; benefit of readers who possibly have never even j] heard of the distinguished " bibliophile," it may I] be necessary to describe him as among other ; things, the author of the " Theology of Lion nitz, of ii learned history of the Great Schism of the East and West, and quite latterly as the envoy of the Russian Government to observe the dispo- , sitions of the Oriental Prelates at the Vatican j Council. Furthermore, he has been up to a recent period Hoad Librarian of the Imperial i Library, and it is in reference to this latter post that his present fame, or notoriety, has been .' achieved. We trust it will be held consonant with a " benevolent neutrality," to relate the ' why and the wherefore of the pre-eminence enjoyed just now by this son of the Fatherland. , Some eighteen months since Dr. Eichler became Head of the Imperial Library at St. Petersburg. For a considerable time valuable books and i manuscripts kept disappearing in the most un- / accountable manner. The depredations became so great and so constant that the directors of the library took an extreme step, in the hope of dis- ' covering the culprits. In Russia, and especially during a Russian winter, the custom of wearing thick and voluminous furs and overcoats is universal. The aspect of the bulky forms which regularly frequented the library, raised the question could the thieves desire a more con- venient arrangement for covering their operations than the ordinary mullings provided f A i Ukase of the Directory forbade, accordingly, oven to officials, the wearing of overcoats, furs, i mantles, palaces, and similar garments, within the precincts of library and reading-rooms. The i porters were instructed to detain all persons wearing the prescribed habiliments until they had consented to have themselves < despoiled of their comfortable but suspected overcoming. People might road in frock coats, tunics, swallowtails if they chose, 5 but not in mantles or capes. The porters would return the detained articles on exit, but not till then. Protest was in vain. It was a measure of public safety and measures of public safety pay small respect to protestations. Determined - students had nothing for it but to shiver and obey. There is no rule without an exception. Tradition tells us so, and in the present case the action of the Library Directory confirmed tradi- tion. Dr. Pichlor represented to the Director Dojanow that it would be impossible for him to conform to the regulation. His health was weak, while his services were indispensable He was peculiarly liable to catch cold. He could not go without his topcoat and how was the library to go without its librarian 1 He might surrenders his fur overmantle to the guardians of the doors, but his topcoat he could only yield up with his life. Such arguments prevailed. Besides, who could suspect the Head Librarian, and that fine- ' tionary a Dr. Aloys Pichlor i Henceforth there I was but one concealed member of the human family admitted within the guarded precincts of the 1 mpoi'ialLibrary, and still the most precious. ' books and manuscripts kept disappearing in a most ' unaccountable manner. It was to use note that most rigid scrutiny was extended to everywhere-,. good, "tall, short, round, or angular." "No trace of any proportions could conceal itself so as not to attract attention under the close-fitting garments that were prescribed. But somehow tomes of the goodness proportions and costliest landing were continually contriving to evade all precau- ' tions. '" Those things could not walk off' without hands, was the observation of a certain housewife who felt himself aggrieved at the mysterious disappearance of a number of articles of domestic utility or ornament. It is also stated that the sensible daring refused to credit the alternative of propounded by her easy-going lord and master : "They might, if they had foot." Unless the Directors of the Imperial Library were prepared to acquiesce in the view which the lady rejected, they must still ( adhere to the opinion that some remarkable busy human hands could alone produce The diminution in their literary stores', which continued the matter of their daily lamentation and astonish- ment. In these circumstances it was pardonable for just the very ghost of a suspicion to direct itself against the only topcoat admitted. To be sure it would be a miracle if Dr. Aloys Piohlep were guilty. But thou there was the miracle of the disappearance of the books, What if the II two miracles should be found to be only one and the same ! The record of nature is full of curious incidents. Nil admiran is the motto of the modern man of the world as well as of the, ancient philosopher. When every other solution, of the problem had been tried in vain, the, possibility of finding even a Pichlor not entirely, unconnected with the mystery gradually became more likely and loss shocking. A careful watch was set upon the topcoated lIoadLibrarian--for some days without result. Immersed in his studies or going about his official duties, in his profound German way, the learned Pichlor gazed upon the world with that calm aspect of exalted science from which suspicion should have turned, abashed away. At length the day came wheat but how shall we relate the sequel ? Dr, Aloys Piohler had left the library to return to his house. Previous to facing the cold air out of doors, he had entered the porter's lodge to resume the weighty mantle of warm for which formed a second envelope for his person. WithJ ready courtesy or vigilance the attendant was helping him to do it over his ordinary loose topcoat, when the startling denouement occurred, It seemed to the porter that there was something preternaturally hard about the region of the doctor's back. A slight pressure revealed the fact that there was certainly something. The doctor's back was decidedly hard hard as a book little humpy, too. Conviction Unshod upon the porter's mind. He inserted his hand beneath the jealously-guarded great- coat, and then, withdrawing it, behold 'in a magnificently bound folio volume ! An, examination of Herr Pichlor's house led to, the discovery of no less than six thousand volumes belonging to the Imperial Library, together with a mass of manuscripts valued till upwards of ยฃ1,000. The reader will be disposed to admit that the Government of the Czar has not exceeded the limits of moderation in depriving the learned book fancier of his librarianship, and relegating him to his Fatherland, with the very plainest intimation that for the future the climate of Russia might be expected to have a decidedly prejudicial effect on his health. Not the least amusing part of the story is supplied by the various interpretations put upon it. As the pur- joined volumes when discovered in the sage's dwelling were already packed for transit to no less remarkable a destination tuan Rome, some zealous champions of orthodoxy stoutly maintained the theory that Herr Piohlor Ayres, says thing more nor less than a Jesuit in, disguise, entrusted by his chief with the delicate, mission of swindling the Memorial Library out of a number of rare works upon which the Order had set their hearts, and for whose acquisi- tion they were prepared to employ all means. Inasmuch as the yield Piohlor, however, Jjjitt been in his day one of the staunchest opponents of Jesuitism, this report did not gain universal credence. A not uninstructive illustration at the number of Russians towards victorious Ger.-,' many is afforded by the cartoons and commoners. of the journals. There is no end to the hatter, fun in which they indulge. They' are unfooling enough to treat 11 orr Pichlor as a typical Gorman, who has been merely " annexing" his Alsace and Lorraine, or at the most making a requisition." It is to be feared that it is through no absolute objection to the principle of annexation and requisition that the Russian wits have assumed their gratifying moral attitude THE FINANCES OF PIWSSIA.-Last winter during the discussion of the Budget for 1871, a great deal of interest was excited by the question what the effects of the war on the financial condition of Prussia would be, as it was feared that the disturbance of peace might have seriously in jured the prosperity of the kingdom. The uninterrupted success of the German arms, however, restored confidence to all branches of commercial life, and towards the end of 1870, the Government were able to inform the Landtag that the financial year would close with a surplus instead of a deficit. This expectation has been fully realised. The accounts for 1879 have now been closed, and they show a surplus of about six millions of thalers. Such a result would not have been possible but for the invariable success of the German armies, and the fact that, even under the most favourable circumstances, it could be obtained during a war of such vast dimensions is a convincing proof of the healthy state of the finances and industry of Prussia,-- German Correspondent, 