HUMOROUS. THE first apple was eaten by .the first pair. WnAT is a drunkard's last cup ? A bitter beer (bier). "WHAT should a temperance lecturer never do ? Speak in a whining way. WHEN was beefsteak the highest ? When the cow jumped over the nioou. WHICH is tho best to keep an hotel ? The man who is a host in himself. WHAT makes the Yavra smell so sweet when it overflows ? Because its raw-water. WHAT sort of bedstead would bo best for a lift)' ? A stretcher. WHAT should you do if your temper is ruffled ? Iron it out. WHY is a religious enthusiast like the ghost of a gorilla? Because he's a vision-hairy (visionary.) MONEY and time have both their "value. He who makes a bad use of the one will never make a good use of the other. IF women knew their power, and wished to exert it, they would always show sweetness-, of temper, for then they are irresistible. A BUFFALO serenadersang, "I'm thinking, love, of thee;" when the descent of about four gallons of water from a third storey -window proved her papa was thinking of him. ONE ot the New York shoddy aristocrats, a member of a fashionable church there, electrified a music-seller by enquiring for I " Solomon's Song," saying his minister 0 had spoken of it as a production of great genius and beauty, and that he wanted his daughter to sing it. ^ AN amusing circumstance occurred in a singing-school some years ago. A Mr. Paine was the teacher, and a Miss Patience one of the pupils. In the course of the evening the . teacher gave out the tune set to the words— " Come, gentle patience, smile on pain." •The pupils were so excited by laughter that it was found impossible to sing the line. Soon the teacher gave out another, in which were iho linos—" Oh give me tears for others' / "woes, and patience for my own," at which the • risibilities of the school wore so affected that . aU singing was deferred until another occa- sion." THE MODEL HUSBAND.—The model husj band walks out with his wife and is not afraid j of a milliner's shop. He even has "change" *'*-vhen asked for it, and never alludes to it if afterwards. He is not above carrying a large paper parcel, or even holding the baby on his i lap m the omnibus. He runs on first to 'knock at the door when it rains. He goes to v bed first in. cold weather. He allows his f mother -in-law to stop at the house several weeks at a time. He never flies out about • his buttons or brings home friends to supper. Ee'buvs his wife a sewing machine, and hires awoman to work it. He never invades the ) kitchen, and is innocent of a latch-key. He jets the family go to the sea-side every . summer, whilst he remains at home with one ) knife and fork, sits in a brown holland chair, ,' and ha6 an aged charwoman to wait upon him. He pays the house-keeping money Si without a suspicion, and shuts his eyes to the "'sundries." He is easy and affectionate, 'keeping the wedding anniversary punctually; aever complaining if dinner is not ready; 'f nds upon her when sick, and, to cover all, gji-omises, if she -should die, never lo marry 1, POOE MRS. P.—Our dear old friend, Mrs. ^Partington, says she can't abear them nasty llarrikins, for she bought a beautiful nightingfowl the other day that sang like a perfect ~%lomcl, but them boys supirstitiously stole 2 and though she photographed for it, and livere'itiedin the *' Hearall"andllie " Edge" has lad no tidings of it sihee. " Then Itere's them slampedoes they're putting down < the Bay; why, Ike says a stampedo is a sh of bullocks, and I'm sure we've bullocks nongh here and to spare; bat, lor! the oiks in the whittling deportment mow whether the ttampedo&s; are intended io ABB ^fih&x;&Jiidlehursters;, if they come here/ not. PerhapSj'if they do get here, and see tw strong armed. are with our Armstrong His, they will make stampedoes ofthemselyes, Ifcaye us the expense." Here the old lady Va pinch of snnff, and subsided Into medi- L—Melbourne Punch. '''*''' * 