ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH, NEWTOWN. -- THE FOUNDATION-STONE. ON Saturday afternoon the foundation-stone of St. Stephen's Church, Newtown, was laid by his Excellency Earl Belmore. The new church is to be built within the ground of the cemetery. The architect is Mr. E. T. Blackett, the contractors Messrs. Dowling and Kirkham. A model of the church was exhibited on the ground. It will be a spacious and picturesque building. The Rev. Robert Taylor is the incumbent, Messrs. C. Rolleston, Crane, and W. G. Sedgwick churchwardens. A large number of clergy and laity were assembled to witness the ceremony ; among whom were the Dean of Sydney, Canon Vidal, Revs. Messrs. Robert Taylor, H. S. King, T. O'Reilly, Stanley Mitchell, W. Scott, Rich, Unwin, H. Lee, J. F. Mardon, W. Lumsdaine, Thomas Wilson, and Dr. Z. Barry. Among the laymen present were the Hon. Messrs. John and Charles Campbell, Captain Evans, Mr. S. C. Brown, M.L.A., Messrs. Eldred, Breillat, C. Rolleston, Moore, Dillon, W. Reeve, &c.; Shortly after 3 o'clock Earl Belmore with the Countess, and two of their daughters, accompanied by Mr. Henry, private secretary, arrived at the spot. At the approach of his Excellency the royal standard was hoisted. When all necessary preparations were complete, the Rev. Robert Taylor gave out the first hymn appointed for the day -- Lord of hosts! to Thee we raise Here a house of prayer and praise, Then thy people's hearts prepare. Here to meet for praise and prayer. Prayers and the 132nd psalm were read by the Rev. R. Taylor. The proper lesson (1. Corinth. 3 c, vers. 18) was read by the Rev. W. Scott, and the collects for seventh Sunday after Trinity, St. Simon and St. Jude, and St. Stepen's Day by the Rev. Hulton S. King. Mr. C ROLLESTON then read the scroll, and then deposited it under the stone in a bottle. It was headed with the inscription: "Newtown. To the glory of God, and in remembrance of the Christian martyr St. Stephen, the foundation-stone of this Church was laid by his Excellency Somerset Earl Belmore, &c.;" Then followed the date, the names of the Metropolitan, the Incumbent, the Church- wardens, the Building Committee, the honorary treasurers, Mr. T. C. Breillat and Mr. S. C. Brown, M.L.A. ; honorary secretaries, Rev. R. Taylor and Mr. M. R. Allan. The scroll having been deposited in the hole pre- pared for it, his Excellency took the trowel and mallet presented to him, and laid the stone, saying, as he did so, "I lay this as the foundation-stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named 'St Stephens's Church,' in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Other prayers followed, with a special collect, and a second hymn -- "This stone to Thee in faith we lay," &c.; The DEAN OF SYDNEY, taking his stand on the foundation-stone, gave an address to the congrega- tion. He referred to the necessity which had grown up for a larger building than that hitherto used as the parish Church of St.Stephens -- a building half- school half-church. When that church was built there were but a few hundred people in Newtown, now there were 3000 members of the Church of England in the parish. A large church was, therefore, needed for the accommodation of the people. It was also fitting that the Church of England should have a building more worthy to represent her in this parish. The parishioners had responded in a very worthy manner to the appeal made to them for funds to erect this church. About £3000 had been pro- mised by them for this purpose. The friends of those who were buried in the cemetery had sub- scribed about £900 So that about £4000 was sub- scribed. They would require £9000 to complete the building ; but £6500 would be enough to prepare it for Divine Service. They hoped to get £1000 for land granted as the site of a church, but no longer required. This would make up £5000. £1500 more would be required to complete the building for Divine Service. The work of building it would extend over two years; and during that time those interested might provide the necessary funds. Gifts reproduced themselves. As people gave, they were encouraged to give more. He would encourage the Rev. Robert Taylor and his friends by the history of St. Philip's Church, which was built in times of difficulty. The cost was twice as much as that of this church was expected to be. In answer to prayer funds came in as they were wanted, from unexpected quarters. He con- cluded by stating that a collection would be made for the building fund, and expressed his hope concerning the future history of this church begun under the auspices of his Excellency Earl Belmore, with the presence of the Countess and so many of his reverend brethren and other friends. As a proof of the desire of the committee to avoid all extrava- gance, they had deposited with the scroll only a single sixpence. The collection was then made, and the proceedings were concluded by the Dean pronouncing the bene- diction. 