SHAKE3P15RR, AN HISTORIAN. Mr. Froudb, in his " Short Studies on Great Subjects," says:—"Tho most perfect English history which. exists is ^ to bo found, in ray opinion, in the historical plnyB of Shakespero. In theso plays, rich as they are in fancy and imagination, the main bearings of the national story are scrupulously ad hered to, and, wherever attainable, verbal correctness. Shakspere's object was to oxhibit as faithfully as he pos- " sibly could the exact character of the great actors in the national drama—■ the. circumstances which ' surrounded them, and the motives, internal and external, by which they were influ enced. To know this is to-know all." Tho reader can form his own theories. No such correctness of insight, no such breadth of sympathy, has since bean applied to tho writing1 of English history. Even Shakspere himself, perhaps, could not have boon the man that he was at any other epoch. And Shakspere's attitude towards human life will become again attainable to us only when intelligent people can re turn to an agreement on first principles —when tho common sense of the wisest and bost amongst us has super seded tho theorising of factions and parties—whon the few bnt all-im portant truths of our moral condition which can bo certainly known, '^have become the exclusive rule of. our thoughts and actions, and the specula tivo formularies into which \ve havo 4 mapped out tho mysterious continents of tho spiritual world have been con signed to tho place already thronged with the ghosts of like delusions which have had their day and perished." " Abe Wb so Great ? "—Germany, with 700,000 soldiers and a quarter of a hundred victories to.count, locks up one poor Dr. Jacoby for daring to , object to an annexation of territory. )m Either the doctor must be an extra ordinary and stupendously great man -—or somebody else is a much smaller • man than is supposed. Why, England has a miniature: army, and no recent viotories to talk of, and yet she has not, looked up one man out of over so many hundreds who mot the other day and declarod themselves " Tho British Re publicans." She only laughed, and hoped that whon they had done spout ing they would go back to their work, anil tako their wages to their wives # aud not to tho public-house. —runoh. 