THE COUNTRY. ' The- son of Mr. -Tolm Hail) of Sa ilor's ,Gully,-. Sandhurst, was drowned in . a dam yesterday on tho Stern Reef: j The- llev. Father England1 fs s- ud. to he Oiwinnad f.llA.lnfr A tW>ll?A«W inn Ttnsnn . ilUVLijT WV ouvvvsn «"vv 4UVUVW 4/U)t tl" ing at St. Mary's, GOelong. Jhmes O'Neil diad' from- sans) .rolco on tho 19th- inst., whilst at worlt on the North Eaotern Railway works, at iDry Creek. MP. Green, of ifiio Bank of Now South Wales, Geelong, idabout ta-bo , promoted to Sydney, whero he will have charge of the head office of tho- bank. Annie Liddle, living with lror brother, a : farmer at Comoorn, Bnppos ad to lie of un. sound mind, hung hcrsolf in a stable on the farm on Monday last. Some of tho farmers in Connowarre have I been particularly unforimr ,ato, we learn from 1 tho Geelong Advertiser. By tho lloods they suffered immensely, a' ad several intend throwing np their farm s, in consequence of tho inroads made from the Band hummocks. In somo places, it is sa'id, tho land is covored with sand to. a depth -of 2ft. A very important sale of landed properties was neia y esrcruuv, an smelt a notel, treelong, by Messrs. W. F. Duckor and Co. Then , was a very largo attendance, and biddini wero spirited. Some lots, however; had to' |'0 withdrawn, as tho reserves were scare j„ reached. The total amount realised war „ wards of £7000. UP" Men are now being employed on th e q long and Ballarat liuo of railway in r ramm ing the8lcepers upon which tho liar co " 8trnetcd, and those found any way j aro being taken up, and their plaar _3 supplCied by now red gum ones. In tho majority of instances, writes tho Geehng Adverther those at present in use are aim' jst out' and some are found to havo re jtted to thiu 6111\. in diameter. . © 1 . a 'J Aioroutm are inst now in a great state of per' ulrbatfon ab0Jt a ghost. A something in tb e shape of a human berng, apparently M tb e seXi and dressed in ghastly .v-lrite, has appeared to several persona, re ,mct;mc8 nt rfnc0'3 Park, and p others at BlacUman.8 Lead but no one has yet oeen aWo to t near the figure receding so 8pced;iy on be;ng ap. preached, as to pr zzj0 no(. onjy b10 c;viHan omookers, hut alp 0 po;cei w1080 a;di ;t seems, has boon cancd ;n requisition to solve the mystery. Last night r L mat)i wloose nnmo could not ho aseertainor wa8 brought to tho Dayles- 1 il, from Stony Creek. The Mercury tcs that tho police having been intoi-mert tl ,at he was dangerously hurt, went out, ancl v mnd b;m covored with blood. On his armv aj a(. iq,o hospital, Dr. M'Intyre exaimee d (le patient, and 8aw that he was g from a scalp wound, apparently Ja w'"1 n to'naliawk. Ho was too under tho influence of liquor to tell euMi' ,r his name or how he received tho injury, . after tho cubbed been dressed ho fell into I V deep sloep. . Tho district coroner commenced an inquiry yesterday, at'Sandhursfc, into tho cose of Mrs. Loclrhart, who committed suicide by taking , stryohnino on Tuesday, Tho inquest was . merely commenced for the purpose of allow- 1 ing tho body to ho buriod, and was adjourned to Monday noxt, in order that tho contents of the stomaoh of tho deceased should bo I forwarded to tho Government analytical . chemist in Melbourne. The husband of the deceased, who attempted to kill himself on learning of his wifoF death, was brought boforo tlio Sandhurst magistrates yesterday, and further remanded until next day, as he appeared to ho still suffering from nervous dobility nnd excitement. Somo few months ago, writes the Ovens Spectator, a man known at Becckworth as Armstrong, but whoso real tiamo is l'ocling, was married by the Rev. Mr. Howard, in Boecliwortli. The couple have Binco lived near the Chinese camp, ne did all kinds of work, as ho is apparently able to tnrn his hand to anything, and is a remarkably good workman, his alias being nssnmcd for some theatrical or other innocent purpose. l)n Tuesday art-mug the wife was arrested on n charge of bigamy, on a warrant, charging lior with having boon previously married to Chinaman in New South Wales, and she was to bo brought before the local police court noxt morning. 