The Battle of Dorking. REMINISCENCES OF A VOLUNTEER. (Continued from our last.) "Our general had expected to find a supply of food and ammunition here, but nothing turned up. Most of us had hardly a cartridge left, so he ordered the regiment next to us, which came from the north and had not been engaged, to give us enough to make up 20 rounds a man, and he sent off a fatigue-party to Kingston to try and get provisions, while a detachment of our fellows was allowed to go foraging among the villas in our rear; and in about an hour they brought back some bread and meat, which gave us a slender meal all round. They said most of the hosues were empty, and that many had been stripped of all eatables, and a good deal damaged already. "It must have been between 3 and 4 o'clock when the sound of cannonading be- gan to be heard in the front, and we could see the smoke of the guns rising above the woods of Esher and Claremont, and soon afterwards some troops emerged from the fields below us. It was the rearguard of re- gular troops. There were some guns also, which were driven up the slope and took up their position round the knoll. There were three batteries, but they only counted eight guns amongst them. Behind them was posted the line; it was a brigade apparently of four regiments, but the whole did not look to be more than eight or nine hundred men. Our regiment and another had been moved a little to the rear to make way for them, and presently we were ordered down to occupy the railway station on our right rear. My leg was now so stiff I could no longer march with the rest, and my left arm was very swollen and sore, and almost use- less; but anything seemed better than being left behind, so I limped after the battalion as best I could down to the station. There was a goods shed a little in advance of it down the line, a strong brick building, and here my company was posted. The rest of our men lined the wall of the enclosure. A staff-officer came with us to arrange the dis- tribution; we should be supported by line troops; he said, and in a few minutes a train full of them came slowly up from Guildford, way. It was the last; the men got out, the train passed on, and a party be- gan to tear up the rails, while the rest were distributed among the houses on each side. A sergeant's party joined us in our shed, and an engineer officer with sappers came to knock holes in the walls for us to fire from; but there were only half-a-dozen of them, so progress was not very rapid, and as we had no tools we could not help. "It was while we were watching this job that the adjutant, who was as active as ever, looked in, and told us to muster in the yard. The fatigue party bad come back from Kingston, and a small baker's liandcart of food was made over to us as our share. It contained loaves, flour, and some joints of meat. The meat or flour we had not time or means to cook. The loaves we devoured and there was a tap of water in the yard, so we felt refreshed by the meal. I should have liked to wash my wounds, which were becoming very offensive, but dared not take off my coat, feeling sure I should not be able to get it on again. It was while we were eating our bread that the rumour first reached us of another disaster, even greater than that we had witnessed ourselves. Whence it came I know not; but a whisper went down the ranks that Wool- wich had been captured. We all know that it was our only arsenal, and understood the significance of the blow. No hope, if this were true, of saving the country. Thinking over this, we went back to the shed. "Although this was only our second day of war, I thing we were already old soldiers so far that we had come to be careless about fire, and the shot and shell that now began to open on us made no sensation. We felt, indeed, our need of discipline, and we saw plainly enough the slender chance of success coming out of such a rabble as we were; but I think we were all determined to fight on as long as we could. Our gallant adjutant gave his spirit to everybody; and the staff- officer commanding was a very cheery fellow, and went about as if we were certain of victory. Just as the firing began he looked in to say that we were as safe as in a church that we must be sure and pepper the enemy well, and that more cartridges would soon arrive. There were some steps and benches in the shed, and .... a part of our men were standing, to .... through the upper loop-holes while the line soldiers and others stood on the ground, guarding the second row. I sat on the floor, for I could not now use my rifle, and besides, there were more men than loop-holes. The artil- lery fire which had opened now on our posi- tion was from a longish range; and occupa- for the riflemen had hardly begun when there was a crash in the shed, and I was knocked down by a blow on the head. I was almost stuned for a time, and could not make out what had happened. A shot or shell had hit the shed without quite pene- trating the wall, but the blow had upset the steps resting against it, and the men stand- ing on them, bringing down a cloud of plaster and brickbats, one of which had struck me. 1 felt now past being of use. I could not use my rifle, and could barely stand; and after a time I thought I would make for my own house, on the chance of finding some one still there. I got up, there- fore, and staggered homewards. Musketry fire had now commenced, and outside were blazing away from the windows of the houses, and from behind walls, and from the shelter of some trucks still standing in the station. A couple of field-pieces in the yard were firing, and in the open space in rear a re- serve was drawn up. There, too, was the staff- officer on horseback, watching the fight through his field-glass. I remember having still enough sense to feel that the position was a hopeless one. That straggling line of houses and gardens would surely be broken through at some point, and then the line must give way like a rope of sand. It was about a mile to our house, and I was think- ing how I could possibly drag myself so far when I suddenly recollected that I was pas- sing Trayers's house,— one of the first of a row of villas then leading from the station to Kingston. had he been brought home I wondered, as his faithful old servant promised, and was his wife here? I re- member to this day the sensation of shame I felt, when I recollected that I had not once given him — my greatest friend — a thought since I carried him off the field the day before. But war and suffering make men selfish. I would go in now at any rate and rest awhile, and see if I could be of use. The little garden before the bouse was as trim as ever — I used to pass it every day on my way to the train, and knew every shrub in it — and a blaze of flowers, but the hall-door stood ajar. I stepped in and saw little Arthur standing in the hall. He bad been dressed as neatly as ever that day, and as he stood there in his pretty blue frock and white trousers and socks showing his chubby little legs, with his golden locks, fair face, and large dark eyes, the picture of childish beauty, in the quiet hall, just as it used to look — the vases of flowers, the hat and coats hanging up, the familiar pictures on the walls — this vision of peace in the midst of war made me wonder for a moment, faint and giddy as I was, if the pandemo- nium outside had any real existence, and was not merely a hideous dream. But the roar of the guns making the house shake, and the rushing of the shot, gave a ready answer. The little fellow appeared almost unconscious of the scene around him, and was walking up the stairs holding by the rail- ing, one step at a time, as I had seen him do a hundred times before, but turned round as I came in. My appearance frightened him, and staggering as I did into the hall, my face and clothes covered with blood and dirt, I must have looked an awful object to the child, for he gave a cry and turned to run toward the basement stairs. But he stopped on hearing my voice calling him back to his god-pupa, and after a while came timidly up to me. Papa has been to the battle, he said, and was very ill: mamma was with papa; Lucy was in the cellar, and had taken him there, but he wanted to go to mamma. Telling him to stay in the hall for a minute till I called him, I climbed up-stairs and opened the bedroom-door. My poor friend lay there, his body resting on the bed, his head supported on his wife's shoulder as she sat by the bedside. He breathed heavily, but the pallor of his face, the closed eyes, the prostrate arms, the clammy foam she was wiping from his mouth, all spoke of ap- proaching death. The good old servant had done his duty, at least,— he had brought his master home to die in his wife's arms. The poor woman was too intent on her charge to notice the opening of the door, and as the child would be better away, I closed it gently and went down to the hall to take little Arthur to the shelter below, where the maid was hiding. Too late! He lay at the foot of the stairs on his face, his little arms stretched out, his hair dabbled in blood. I had not noticed the crash among the other noises, but a splinter of a shell must have come through the open doorway; it had carried away the back of his head. The poor child's death must have been instan- taneous. I tried to lift up the little corpse with my one arm, but even this load was too much for me, and while stooping down I fainted away." On recovering his senses, the volunteer found himself in the house of his friend Travers, and "THE ENEMY IN POSSESSION. "There was no gas, and the drawing- room door was closed; but from the open dining-room the glimmer of a candle feebly lighted up the hall, in which half, a-dozen sleeping figures could be discerned, while the room itself was crowded with men. The table was covered with plates, glasses, and bottles; but most of the men were asleep in the chairs or on the floor, a few were smoking cigars, and one or two with their helmets on were still engaged at supper, occasionally grunting out an observation be- tween the mouthfulls. "Sind wackere Soldaten, diese Englis- chen Freiwilligen,' said a broad shouldered brute, stuffing a great hunch of beef into his mouth with a silver fork, an implement I should think he must have been using for the first time in his life. " 'Jaja,' replied a comrade, who was lolling back in his chair with a pair of very dirty legs on the table, and one of poor Traver's best cigars in his mouth; 'Sie so gut laufen konnen.' " 'Ja wohl,' responded the first speaker; 'aber sind nicht eben so schnell wis die Fransösichen Mobloten.' " 'Gewies,' grunted a bulking lout from the floor, leaning on his elbow, and sending out a cloud of smoke from his ugly jaws; "und da sind hier etwa gute Schihzeu.' " 'Hast recht, lange Peter,' answered number one; 'wenn die Schurken so gut exerciren wie schützennn gönnten, so waren wir heut nicht hier!' " Recht! recht!' said the second; 'das exerciren macht den guten Soldaten.' " What more criticisms on the short- comings of our unfortunate volunteers might have passed I did not stop to hear, being interrupted by a sound on the stairs. Mrs. Travers was standing on the landing-place; I limped up the stairs to meet her. Among the many pictures of those fatal days en- graven on my memory, I remember none more clearly than the mournful aspect of my poor friend, widowed and motherless within a few moments, as she stood there in her white dress, coming forth like a ghost from the chamber of the dead, the candle she held lighting up her face, and contrast- ing its pallor with the dark hair that fell disordered around it, its beauty even through features worn with fatigue and sorrow. She was calm and even tearless, though the trembling lip told of the effort to restrain the emotion she felt. 'Dear friend,' she said, taking my hand, 'I was coming to seek you; forgive my selfishness in neglecting you so long; but you will understand' — glancing at the door above — 'how occupied I have been.' 'Where' I began, 'is' —— 'my boy?' she answered, anticipating my question. 'I have laid him by his father. But now your wounds most be cared for; how pale and faint you look! — rest here a moment,'— and descending to the dining-room, she returned with some wine, which I gratefully drank, and then, making me sit down on the top step of the stars, she brought water and linen, and, cutting off the sleeve of my coat, bathed and bandaged my wounds. 'Twas I who felt selfish for thus adding to her troubles; but in truth I was too weak to have much will left, and stood in need of the help in which she forced me to accept; and the dressing of my wounds afforded indescribable relief. While thus tending me she ex- plained in broken sentences how matters stood. Every room but her own, and the little parlour into which she with Wood's help had carried me, was full of soldiers. Wood had been taken away to work at re- pairing the railroad, and Lucy had ran off from fright; but the cook had stopped at her post, and had served up supper and opened the cellar for the soldiers' use: she did not understand what they said, and they were rough and boorish, but not un- civil. I should now go, she said, when my wounds were dressed, to look after my own home, where I might be wanted; for herself, she wished only to be allowed to remain watching there — pointing to the room where lay the bodies of her husband and child — where she would not be molested. I felt that her advice was good. I could be of no use as protection, and I had an anxious longing to know what had become of my sick mother and sister: besides, some arrangements must be made for the burial. I therefore limped away. There was no need to express thanks on either side, and the grief was too deep to be reached by any outward show of sympathy. "Outside the house there was a good deal of movement and bustle; many carts going along, the waggoners, from Sussex and Surrey, evidently impressed and guarded by soldiers; and although no gas was burn- ing, the road towards Kingston was well lighted by torches held by persons standing at short intervals in line, who had been seized for the duty, some of them the tenants of neighbouring villas. Almost the first of these torch bearers I came to was an old gentleman whose face I was well acquainted with, from having frequently travelled up and down in the same train with him. He was a senior-clerk in a Go- vernment office, I believe, and was a mild- looking old man with a prim face and a long neck, which he used to wrap in a wide double neckcloth, a thing even in those days seldom seen. Even in that moment of bitterness I could not help being amused by the absurd figure this poor old fellow pre- sented, with his solemn face and long cravat, doing penance with a torch in front of his own door, to light up the path of our conquerors. But a more serious object now presented itself, a corporal's guard passing by, with two English volunteers in charge, their hands tied behind their backs. They cast an imploring glance at me, and I stepped into the road to ask the corporal what was the matter, and even ventured, as he was passing on, to lay my hand on his sleeve, 'Anf dem Wege, Spitzbube!' cried the brute, lifting his rifle as if to knock me down. 'Must one prisoners who fire at us let shoot,' he went on to add; and shot the poor fellows would have been, I suppose, if I had not interceded with an officer who hap- pened to be riding by. 'Herr Hauptmann,' I cried, as loud as I could, 'is this your discipline, to let unarmed prisoners be shot without orders?' The officer thus, ap- pealed to, reined in his horse, and halted the guard till he heard what I had to say. My knowledge of other languages here stood me in good stead, for the prisoners, north- country factory hands apparently, were of course utterly unable to make themselves understood, and did not even know in what they had offended. I therefore interpreted their explanation; they had been left behind while skirmishing near Ditton, in a barn, and coming out of their hiding-place in the midst of a party of the enemy, with their rifles in their hands, the latter thought they were going to fire at them from behind. It was a wonder they were not shot down on the spot. The captain heard the tale, and then told the guard to let them go, and then slunk off at once into a byroad. He was a fine soldier-like man, but nothing could exceed the insolence of his manner, which was perhaps all the greater because it seemed not intentional, but to arise from sense of immeasurable superiority. Between the lame freiwilliger pleading for his comrades, and the captain of the conquering army, there was, in his view, an infinite gulf. Had the two men been dogs, their late could not have been decided mere contemptuously. They were let go simply because they were worth keeping as prisoners, and perhaps to kill any living thing without cause went against the hauptmann's sense of justice. But why speak of this insult in particular? Had not every man who lived then his tale to tell of humiliation and degradation? For it was the same story everywhere. After the first stand in line, and when once they had got us on the march, the enemy laughed at us. Our handful of regular troops was sacrificed almost to a man in a vain conflict with numbers; our volunteers and militia, with officers who did not know their work, without amunition or equipment, or staff to superintend, starving in the midst of plenty, we had soon become a helpless mob, fighting desperately here and there, but with whom, as a manoeuvring army, the disciplined invaders did just what they pleased. Happy those whose bones whitened the fields of Surrey; they at least were spared the dis- grace we lived to endure." THE EMPIRE IN RUINS. "We had heard of generosity in war; we found none; the war was made by us, it was said, and we must take the consequence. London and our only arsenal captured, we were at the mercy of our captors, and right heavily did they tread on our necks. Need I tell you the rest?— of the ransom we had to pay, and the taxes raised to cover it, which keep us paupers to this day?— the brutal frankness that announced we must give place to a new naval Power and be tuade harmless for revenge — the victorious troops living at free quarters, the yoke they put on us mode the more galling that their requisitions had a semblance of method and legality? Better have been robbed at first hand by the soldiery themselves, than through our own magistrates made the instruments for extortion. How we lived through the degradation we daily and hourly underwent, I hardly now even under- stood. And what was there left for as to live for? Stripped of our colonies; Canada and the West Indies gone to America; Australia forced to separate; India lost for ever, after the English there had all been destroyed, vainly trying to hold the country when cut off from aid by their countrymen; Gibraltar and Malta ceded to the new naval Power; Ireland independant and in per- petual anarchy and revolution. When I look at my country as it is now — its trade gone, its factories silent, its harbours empty, a prey to pauperism and decay — when I see all this, and think what Great Britain was in my youth, I ask myself whether I have really a heart or any sense of patriotism that I should have witnessed such degrada- dation and still care to live." THE LESSONS OF EXPERIENCE. "After all, the bitterest of our reflection is, that all this misery and decay might have been so easily prevented, and that we brought it about ourselves by our own shortsighted recklessness. There, across the narrow Straits, was the writing on the wall, but we could not choose to read it. The warnings of the few were drowned in the voice of the multitude. Power was then passing away from the class which had been used to rule, and to face political dangers, and which had brought the nation with honour unsullied through former struggles, into the hands of the lower classes, un- educated, untrained to the use of political rights, and swayed by demagogues; and the few who were wise in their generation were denounced as alarmists, or as aristocrats who sought their own aggrandisement by wasting public money on bloated araments. The rich were idle and luxurious; the poor grudged the cost of defence. Politics had become a mere bidding for Radical votes, and those who should have led the nation stooped rather to pander to the selfishness of the day, and humoured the popular cry which denounced those who would secure the defence of the nation by enforced arming of its manhood, as interfering with the liberties of the people. Truly the nation was ripe for a fall; but when I reflect how a little firmness and self-denial, or political courage and foresight, might have averted the disaster, I feel that the judgment must have really been deserved. A nation too selfish to defend its liberty could not have been fit to retain it. To you, my grand- children who are now going to seek a new home in a more prosperous land, let not this bitter lesson be lost upon you in the country of your adoption. For me, I am too old to begin life again in a strange country; and hard and evil as have been my days, it is not much to await in solitude the time which cannot now be for off, when my old bones will be laid to rest in the soil I have loved so well, and whose happi- ness and honour I have so long survived." (CONCLUDED.) 