MR. HOWE AS HAMLET. Mr. Howe was billed at first to make his debut in tho character of Richard III., but tho management eaw fit to altor tho pro gramme, and presont him to their patrons in Hamlet. The new actor put himself to a crucial test at tho outset ; and, in passing a general verdict upon his performance, it may bo pronounood highly intelligent throughout, and in many passages really admirable : one ot looso IlCBn ana eaougnoiui ouuKBpeuriaii renderings which send us back to tho great master with a new relish. Mr. 'Howe's first Molbonrno audience greeted him with the customary impulsive woicomo, and then settled down to criticise. Ho is short and slight, with well out features, and wears in Hamlet a flaxen wig a la Fechtor ; after whom ho dresses the charactor also, in a black tunio reaching to tho knee, and fringed at the bottom and sleeves with a row of blaok buglos which mako a somewhat unpleusant clattering at any hasty movemont, and might with ad vantage bo dispensed with. Hamlet's opening speech, commencing "'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother," showed that Mr, Howe has a voice of good quality, although slightly blurred by a similar defect of enunciation to that observable ',in Mr. Appleton's. In some of tho tonosof Mr. Howo's voicothere is a great resemblance to Mr. Montgomery, which may probably bo accounted for by their being both followers af Feehter, inasmuch as Mr. IIowo, wo are informed, never saw Montgomery. Aooompanying Mr. He we through the leading situations of the play, wo may notice that in the scene with tho Ghost of Hamlot's Father he made his mark upon tho audience very decisively, nis bearing during the dialogue on the battle ments by moonlight showed in a graphic manner tho emotions roused in his soul by tho relation of his father's murder. The soliloquy at the end of tho sooond act, com mencing "Now I am alone," was some what abruptly entered iuto, and Mr. Howe's manner of dashing at it was ! not an improvement upon the ordinary I and very natural stylo of sinking into a chair on tho exit of the player. Tho passage should be gralually worked up, and not commenced in a high key. In too course of tho soliloquy, however, Mr. Howe exhibited unmistakr.blo power, and thoroughly car ried the audienco with him at tho close.- In tho conversation with Folonius wo could not catch the spirit of somo of tho now read ings in which Mr. Howo is prolific. "Why should ho say " being a g cod kissing car rion ?" When Folonius invites Hamlet to " walk out of tho air," Hamlot makes the very natural reply, glancing up from his book, " Into my gravo ?" but Air. IIoivo simply reads this out of the book, without mfll-inn if; nn iiif.nrrOfTatinn Jit all. Hamlet. seeing Ophelia at her prayers, accosts her with " Nymph, in thy orisons be all my Bin3 remembered," which Mr. Howo makes an aside. Other instances might be men tioned. Tho fact is this straining for new readings is carried to excess. Actors doviato a3 far from common Eonse a3 special pleaders do in torturing an act of Parliament. Mr. Howe's new readings, although few of them can bo accepted, oviuco a painstaking study of tho part, and, such boing apparent, it is a matter of surprise to find liira imperfect in tho text now and again. Thia ho must remedy. His audiences in Molbsurno will always include numbers of Shakspearian students, upon whoso ears oven tho misplacing of a word will jar. Tiio weakest point in his performance, on Satur day eveniDg, was tbo delivery of tho cele brated " To bo or not to be." Ho brought in with him, and displayed during tho solilo quy, a largo dagger, which wo think was a mistake. "If lio takes up any weapon in tho cuursu oi tnu suinoquy, it suuuiu merely uu a small dagger, which Hamlot may bo in tho habit of wearing sometimes about his per son. The sccno with Ophelia was characterised by a wild abandon, which was very effective, and really elucidated tho text. The king, it Bhould ho remembered, alludes subse quently to Hamlet's " turbulent and dnn- gorous lunacy," but many actors forgot to ex hibit tho appropriate symptoms. ThoaddresB to the players wa3 not happy, neither was thoro that intensity in tho by-acting during tho play Bccno exhibited by Sullivan and Montgomery. Mr. Howo team off the king's robo as tho latter is rushing out, and fran tically whirls it round his head, an outro pro ceeding of which wo do not seo tho motive. Still the frenzy was well dopicted, and brought down tho honse. Mr. Howo mado the various points well in tho scone between Hamlet and his mothor; ana reproaucoa tho startling effect, first Bhown hero by Mr. Bandinann, of caus ing the Ghost to emerge from the full length picturo of Hamlet's father. In tho fourth act wo noticed tho common absurdity of sanding Hamlot away to England and bring ing him back after a oca voyage, aH during tho currency not only of eno aot, but of ono sccno ! This ia about tho greatest outrage upon tho unities over introduced in any play, and it is brought about by tho omission of several scones which "will ho fonnd in tho library Shakspcaro. In tho graveyard scene Mr. Howo's bearing was rather too excited when tho funeral procession ad vanced, _ inasmuch as Hamlet does not know it is Ophelia's until Laertes' reply to tho refusal of tho ordin ary rites, " I tell thco, churlish priost, a ministering angel shall my sister bo whon thou liest howling." At these words, Mr. Howo mado a movement to spring forward, and Hamlet was only held back by main forco on the part of Horatio. His struggieB and remonstrances with the latter were wcU shown, and when at last- Hamlot burst into the midst of tho mourners the effeot was very fino. Montgomery, when playing tho character, used to fall upon tho Queen's neck in a paroxysm at tho words, " I loved Ophelia. Forty thousand brothers conld no, with aU thoir quantity of love, make up my sum." IIowo spoaks these words with tho samo desporato emotion and with equal effect, at the head of the grave. Tho _ well-known outburst to Laertes, terminating, " I'll raut as woU as thou," was given with good energy, and struck home. During tho scone with Osric, against Miss Chester's appearance in which wo would protest if it was of any use to do so, Mr. Howo bore himself with becoming dignity aud case ; but wo missed tho expressive tones of Montgomery in tho fow words to Horatio boforo tho combat : " If it bo now, 'tis not to come ; if it bo not to como, it will ho now ; if it bo not now, yot it will come — w tifcA. All HUU Kkyillg DkJGJtU, Mr. Howe varied tho usual custom by sink ing into tho arms of his frionds, with his back to tho audience. Tho struggles with " tho potent poison which quito o'ercrowed Lis spirit," woro painfully exhibited, but tho effect was, to our mind, lost in a great measure by tho change of po sition. Montgomery made a great point by causing Hamlot's face to light up from tho view of his father's spirit just as lio was ex piring, aud Air. Howo might render his linalo moro effective by adopting tho samo idea. In tho termination of the play tho text should he adhered to, by introducing tho entry of Fortinbras and his soldiers, instead of bringing the curtain down with Hamlet's last words : ' Tho rest is silonce." 