THE INNOCENTS ABROAD. It was with anxious faces that the distinguished visitors peered around in search of the cellars. Accosting a man with a red nose and a watery eye, who leaned against a horse-post in front of the Royal Hotel, Herr Von Martin said, — " My friend, we are athirst. Tell us, oh say at once, where, ah where, are my dearly beloved friend's wine cellars ? I allude to the robust Fallon." The individual addressed winked out of one watery eye, and ex pressed a great sense of the humorous, with the other. He regarded the Great (Jhief for some moments — still with his eye winked — ere he spoke. " You're Martin," he said, in a cobweby voice ; " yes, you must be Martin." With a benevolent smile, the Great Man replied that he was Martin. " That cove," cried the red-nosed man with sudden enthusiasm, " him with the flat face — that cove is Lord. Ha ! ha ! " and he laughed a sardonic laugh which seemed to issue from somewhere near the fifth button of his waistcoat. "Wherefore that laugh?" asked the Financier, with dignity; " what, my friend, is there in the fact of my being the Honorable Lord, to excite your risibility — eh ? " " Good," ejaculated the Herr, " you'll do by and by, Lord. Your next Budget, old cock, shall be extempore." The Financier smiled gratefully, and then repeated his question to the red-nosed man ; who still regarded him with a highly-amused expression in his face. " Wherefore that laugh ? " repeated Mr. Lord. " Oh, nothink ! 1 was laughingat nothink, that's all. At nothink — yes, ha ! ha ! " and once more the red-nosed man chuckled satiri cally. " But come," said he, " you said you was thusty. Fuller me, I'm the cellar-man, I am, aod I've got the keys. Come on." Excited beyond expression by the red-nosed man's revelation, the three gentlemen threw themselves from their steeds, and rushed to embrace their new- made friend. " Oh ! " cried Docker. " Ha ! oh ! " shrieked Lord. And with convulsive sobs and groans both gentlemen doubled themselves up, and began rubbing their legs. Their Chief regarded them with a countenance all bene volence. " l'oor creatures," said he turning to the cellar-man, " unused in infancy to manly sports, such as speaking the truth, drawing the long bow, and taming the fiery steed- I refer to that noble animal, the horse — their physical system is not proof against the invigorating exercise incident to equestrianism." "In other words," remarked the red-nosed man, "they're chafed." " Precisely." " Ah, well," said the other, " a few bottles of Shiraz will set their circulation agoin'. You help that feller, and I'll carry Lord on my back." With this, in the airiest manner conceivable, the red-nosed man caught the groaning statesman by his necktie, and jerked him on to his back. The honorable gentleman would have expostulated, but a throttled sensation interfered with distinct articulation, and he, there fore, remained silent until set down by the red-nosed man on a wine bin. Herr Von Martin, supporting his illustrious colleague, Docker, was close at hand. Upon arrival, each gentleman was set down on corresponding wine bins. They were in a cool cellar. The atmos phere was redolent of luscious wines ; corpulent and pimply spiders wove their webs on the beams of the ceiling ; a few rats, with deci- ! dedly vinous aspects, peered lazily at the intruders ; casks of enor mous size, bursting with the excellence of their contents, met the ; eye on every side ; while myriads of bottles were piled up against | the walls, charged and ready to go off upon the first suspicion of a ! corkscrew. It was a noble sight. ! " Wait here, gents," said the cellar-man, " I'll be back in a j jiffey ; " and he disappeared in the gloom of a vista of cellars. "Of what thinkest thou?" cried Martin, observing that a thought- i ful expression had stolen into Lord's countenance and taken posses- | of it, " of what thinkest thou, my own one ? " The Statesman started as these playful, yet tender, words fell upon his ear. " My Lord," he responded, " I was thinking that this sort of thing won't do. We must put a tax on corks ; also bottles." ! And he fell to chuckling, as an old hen will chuckle to her chickens. What the Great Von Martin would have replied to this marvellous suggestion must remain for ever unrecorded, for the red-nosed man, attended by a troop of red-nosed men, armed with gimlets and mal lets, and carrying lanthorns, issued from the vista of cellars. " Set that basket down," he said to a red-nosed man with a wen on a bald head, and who looked like the Ghost of Art, so luxurious was his beard, and so full of color was his visage, " set that basket down, perdooce the glasses, and fill 'em speedy.' With a mechanical promptitude that suggested long service in such matters, the Ghost of Art did as he was desired, and the cellarman passing the sparkling fluid under each gentleman's nose, desired them to drink. " Enjy the bookay fust," he remarked, "taste the flaviour arter- wards. Drink slow, but sure." Filled with the admiration with which this noble being's words of advice inspired them, the three statesmen did as he directed. Slowly but surely the precious liquor trickled down their swan-like throats, softly swam their celestial orbs in dreamy languor, while their unoccupied hands wandered feebly over their abdominal regions ; and the thing was done. With one accord they held forth their glasses for more. " Oliver Twist," murmured Von Martin, in a voice of ecstacy — " More !" "More," echoed Lord. " Most," muttered Docker. The red-nosed man smiled, and the Ghost of Art scratched his wen with a corkscrew. " Take the gents glasses," ordered the red-nosed man, now address ing a beet-rooty looking person, who took the place of the Ghost of Art, " supply new uns — and tap the Beisling 1867." With equal rapidity to that which the Ghost of Art had exhibited, Beetroot did as directed. "As remarked before," said the cellarman, "enjy the bookay fust, the flaviour arterwards. Drink slow, but sure." With a precision which suggested the idea that with great minds the acquisition of an accomplishment is almost a matter of intuition, the three statesmen passed the glasses under their noses, sniffed with delight, tossed their heads back, and proceeded to enjoy the flavour. The same pautomimic action which had accompanied the first glass of wine, was gone through again, and again the thing was done. " Wonderful," murmured Martin. " Angelic Being. Is it reality?" " Get up," responded the cellarman, " and follow me. You ain't seen nothink yet," and the interesting group clustered around the presiding official, and followed him as he led the way into the gloom of the vista. It was about ten days afterwards that, guided by the Ghost of Art, the party returned into the light of day. A chastened air, partaking alike of joy as of melancholy, characterised the statesmen. " Of what think you ?" said Von Martin to his Treasurer. " Soda water," gasped that honorable gentleman, grasping his throat convulsively. "And you, my Docker?" "Soda water," was the hoarse response; and he, too, clutched his jugular. "Well," mused the great man, "this is singular. 1, too, was thinking of soda water. Let. us haste and get it." Feeing Beetroot and the Ghost of Art, and bestowing a special bene diction upon the cellarman, the great man, followed by his col leagues, strode towards the hotel. Arrived there, they discovered a special invitation had arrived from the Vatican, inviting them to dinner. " Such is fate," ejaculated Martin, swallowing his soda water. "We must go." 