FSOM OVP OOSRBSPOSDBSTS. MAFPRA. January 0. f The concert in . aid of the MaSra School building fund, as previously announced, was held in the Australasian House on Friday evening last,' and. was in - every sense a Tea success, thebudding being literally crammed, with : a highly appreciative audience, many persons being present from Sale and Stratford, and other - distant places. The chair wa occupied .by Mr A. Morison, and the net proceeds, ' as stated by the • chairman at the close, were £22 10s,;»The teacher, Mr J. W. MacCubbin, who got up the concert, and the friends of edncation at-Maffra, are highly gratified .with the hearty £o-operafion and asautance rendered by the compiny of tdented ladies and gentlemen who came forssvard On ibs oceaoion. • Many of them -:are old and tried veisrans,: and of- the local, gentlemen amateurs, theimames only require be announced to ensure s hearty welcome Jjy a Gippsiand Audience. The ladies were new to the : public boards, but all ppssess a bigh local: reputation in the musical art, which was mora than anistamed on the night in -question. <. When all performed their part* so well, it would, J think, be out of place to attempt anything like a critique of the several performers, so I will merely note the reception each received by the Audience, which is perhaps the best of . all testa of excellence, a* it is certainly the most-potent with - tbe " performers themselves. Mrs Macarthur, Messrs. Calon and D.' M'MilIan, rendered food service during the evening on the piano, .and charmed-.and cheered: as real. musician* only can, giving great satisfaction to the numerous audience. In the part and other sentimental ubngs," the ladies, Misses Linton, Morpuett and MacCubbm; and the gentlemen, Messrs. Campbell, Clifton, Calon A. M'MOlan, D. M'MilIan, and J. W. MacCubbin, -were.all m excellent voice, and judging from the manner they • were welcorned, and the numerous encores they received, to which they nearly all responded, . and the rounds of applause which followed each, X. cannot deem it flattey, but merely : justice, to say jthat the parts of each were well, aye brilliantly performed, and would be highly appreciated by the most musically refiaed audience of tbe .metropolis. The recitation, /' King John and tbe Abbot of Canterbury," was given by Mr Lloyd in a :masterly way,, the salient .points in. the piece being brought out very perfectly, and the whole rendered in such a manners* to give great pleasure and satisfaction. £ven the youngest presenfewere able apparently to comprehend , : the whole scene represented. The distress; of the 'Abbot, the quiet and far-fetched wit: and humor, of the Old Shepherd, • and the unqualified-satisfaction of Good Kind John; himself, t were all represented to the bfe. The comic dement, as represented by Messrs. Hogg,:Sutcliffe, and j. W. MacCubbm, was, ' I think, all that the most fastidious audience could desire. -".Rabin"Tamson's Smiddle, ' by Mr Hogg, "Maiy Jane, ' "Polly 3 "•Perkins," Ondcr the Weeping Wilier Tree," and " Have yon seen the Ghost," by Mr Suteiaie; "Over the Hdls," "The Irish Schoolmaster,^' (Paddy Connor), and the "Nervous Cares," by Messrs. Sutcliffe and MacCubbm, were rendered m a style that very ..nearly brought down the house, bringing lu-mmd one of the celebrated scene* represented by "Burns" as having taken place in a certain '^larV," where the applause was so boisterous— " When'Hornie made the bagpipes skirl, "That roof and rafters »• diddirl.". Especially was this the case when tbe Nervous Cures" appeared in character, black as the spirit of darkness himself, and m the most delightfully, grotesque costumes imaginable, which must have cost some inventive genius hours of anxious study to produce. An encore being, vociferously demanded,"The Cures" gave a medley, which seemed to hare been got up for the occasion,- and elicited roars of merriment ^nd laughter. This brought the concert to a close, and " God Save 1 the Quean," rendered by the whole iudience standing, bronght" a very enjoyable evening to an end. : 