CHAPTER XXXIX. COUSIN MONICA AND OKCLE 6ILA8 MEET. Cousin Monica, with her hands upon Milly's shoulders, looked amusedly and kindly in her faijo. "And," said she, "wemust.be very good friends—you fanny creature, you and^I. I'm allowed to be -the most sauoy old woman in Derbyshire—quite incorrigibly privileged ; and nobody is ever affronted with me, so I say the most shocking things constantly," "I'm a bit that way,'myself; and I think," said poor Milly, making an effort, and growing very red ; she quite lost her bead at that point, aud was incompetent to finish the sentiment she had prefaced. You think? Now, take my advice, and never wait to think my dear; talk first, and think afterwords, that is my way; though, indeed, I can't say I ever think at all. It is a very eowardly habit. Our cold-blooded cousin Maudj there, thinks sometimes; but it is always such a failure that I forgive her. I wonder when your little pre-Adamite butler will return. He speaks the language of tho Picts and Ancient Britons; I dare say, and your father requires a little time to translate him. And,-Milly dear, I aw very hungry, so I .won't wait for your ..Sutler,'' who would - give we, I suppose, one of the cokes baked by King Alfred, and some Danish beer in a . skull'; but I'll ask you for a little -of that nice bread and butter." • With which accordingly Lady Knollys was quickly supplied but it did not at all impede her, utterance. " Do you think, girls, you could be ready to come away with' me, if 8ilaB gives leave, in au hour or' two ? I should so iike to take you both tomo with me to Elverston." y How; delightftill you darling," cried I, embracing and ld&sjng; her; "for ihy part, I should be ready'in five "minutes; what do you, say, Milly ?'' . 3?opr' Milly's wardrobe, I am afraid, was mbre portable than handsome; and she looked horribly affrighted, ahd^wffigerM in my '"flffybest pettiboat is away at the laundress} v/viSVjp'^V foes ::sUb ;%;?'': asked Lady Knollys. "She fears she can't be ready," I answered, dejectedly. " There's a deal of my slops in the wash," blurted out poor Milly, staring straight at Lady Knollys. " In the name of wonder, what does my cousin mean ?" asked Lady Knollys. " Her things lmvo not come home yet from the laundress," I replied; and at this moment our wondrous old butler entered to announce to Lady Knollys that his master was ready to receive her, whenever she was disposed to favour him; and also to make polite apologies for his being compelled, by his state of health, to give her the trouble of ascending to his room. \ So Cousin Monica was at the door in a moment, over Tier shoulder calling to us, " Come, girls." "Please, not yet, my lady—you alone; and he requests the young ladies will bo in the way, as he will send for them presently." I began to admire poor " Giblets" as the wreck of a tolerably respectable servant. " Very good; perhaps it is better we should kiss and bo friends in private first," said Cousin Knollys, laughing; and away 6he went under the guidance of the mummy. I had an account of this tcte-a-tete afterwards from Lady Knollys. " Whou I saw him, my dear," sho said, " I could hardly believe my eyes : such white hair—such a white face—such mad eyes— such a death-like smile. When I saw him last, his hair wae dark; ho dressed himself like a modern Englishman; and he really preserved a likeness "to the full- length portrait at Know], that you fell in love with, you know; but, angels and ministers of grace 1 Buch a spectre ! I asked myself, is it necromancy, or is it delirium tremens that has reduced him to this ? And said he, with that odious smile, that made me fancy myself half insane— " ' You see a change, Monica." " What a sweet, gentle, insufferable voice he has! Somebody once told me about the tone of a glass flute that made some people hysterical to listen to, aud I was thinking of it all the time. There was always a peculiar quality In'his voice." " ' I do see a change, Siias," I said at last; " and, no doubt, so do you in mo—a great change." " 'There has been time enough to work a greater than I observe in you since you last honoured me with a visit," said he. " I think he was at his old sarcasms, aud meant that I was the same impertinent minx he remembered long ago, uncorrected by time ; aud so I am, and he must not expect compliments from old Monica Knollys. "'It is a longtime, Silas; but that, you know, is not my fault," said I. •' ' Not your fault, my dear—your instinct. We are all imitative creatures: the great people ostracised me, and the young ones followed. We are all like turkeys, we have so much good sense and so much generosity Fortune, in a freak, wounded my head, and tho whole brood wire upon me, pecking and gobbling, gobbling and pecking, aud you among them, dear Monica. It wasn't your fault, only youv instinct., so I quite forgive you but no wouder the peckers were better than tho pecked. You are robust; and I, what am I. " ' Now, Silas, I have not come here to quarrel. If we quarrel now, mind, we can never make it up—we are too old, so let us forget all we can, and try to forgive some tiling; and if we can do neither, at all events let there be truce between us while I am here." " ' My personal wrongs I can quite forgive, and I do, Heaven knows, from my heart; but there are things which ought not to be for given. My children have been ruined by it. I may, by the merey of Providence, bo yet set right in tho world, and so soon as that time comes, I will remember, and I will act; but my children—you will see that wretched girl, my daughter—education, society, all would come to late—my children have been ruined by it." "'I have not done it;, but I know what you mean," I said. "You menace litigation whenever you have the means; but you forget that Austin placed you under promise, when he gave you the use of this houso and place, never to disturb my title to Elveston. So there is my answer, if you mean that." "' I mean what I mean," he replied, with his old smile' " ' You mean then," said I, " that for the the pleasure of vexing me with litigation, you arc willing to forfeit your tenure of this house and place." " ' Suppose I did mean precisely that, why should I forfeit anything ? My beloved brother, by his will has given mo a right to the use of Bartram-Haugh for my life, and attached no absurd condition of the kind you fancy to his gift." " Silas was in one of his vicious old moods and liked to menace me. His vindictiveness got the better of his craft; but he knows as well as I do that he never could succeed in disturbing the title of my poor dear Harry Knollys; and I was not at all alarmed by his threats; and I told him so, as coolly as t speak to .you now." "' Well Monica," he said, " I have weighed you in the balance, and.you arc not found wauting. For a moment the old man possessed me ; the thought of my children, of past unkindness, and present affliction and disgrace, exasperated me, and I was mod. It was but for a moment—the galvanic spasm of a corpse. Never was breast more dead than mine to the passions and ambitions of the world. .They are not for white locks like these, nor for a man who, for a week in every month, lies in the gate of death. Will you 6hake hands? Here—I do strike a truce; and I do forget and forgive everything." "I don't know what be,meant by thiB scene. I have no idea whether he was acting, or lost his head, or, in fact, why or how it occurred; but I am glad, darling, that, unliko myself, I was calm, and that a quarrel has not been forced upon me." When our time came and we were sum moned to the presence, Uncle Silas was quite as usual; but Cousin Monica's heightened colour, And the-flash of her eyes, showed plainly that something exciting and angry had occurred. Uncle Bila&^cominonted in his own vein upon tho effefctflifsJJartram air and liberty, all he had to offer ; T «n\callod en me to say how I liked them. An^ yten he Called Milly to him kissed her tendorfy, J -iBi^iled sadly upon her, and turning to Cousin Mbnico, said—- .; i " ThisJs m^anghter, Milly—ohl nhohas been presented io you down-stairs, has she ? •You have, no doubt, been interested by her, yet quite a'gjriJftmbellyCllumsy, she is a very finisted Miss Hoyden, Are not you, my poor Milly? You owe your distinction, my dear to that line of circumvallation which has, over since your birth, intercepted all civilisation on its way to Bartram. You are much obliged, Milly, to everybody who, whether naturally or «H-naturally, turned a sod in that invisible, bnt impenetrable, work. For your accomplishments—rather singular thaii fashionable —you arc indebted, in part, to your cousin, Lady Knollys. Is not she, Monica ? Tltanh her, Milly." " This is your truce, Silas," said Lady Knollys, with a quiet sharpness. " I think, Silas Rutbyn, you want to provoke me to speak in a* way before these young people which we should all regret." ' So my badinage excites your temper, Monnie. Think how you would feel, then, if I had found you by the wayside, mangled by robbers, and set my foot upon your throat, and spat in your face. But—stop this. Why have I said this ? simply to emphasize my forgiveness. See, girls, Lady Knollys and I, cousins long estranged, forgot and forgive t, and join hands over buried injuries. ' ' Well, be it so; only lot us have done with ironies and covert taunts." Aud with these words their hands were joined; aud Uncle Silas after ho had released hers, patted and fondled it with his, laughing icily aud very low all the time. : " I wish so much, dear Monica," he said, when this piece of silent by-play Was over, ' 'that I could ask you to stay to-night; but absolutely I have not a bed to offer, and even if I had, I fear my suit would hardly prevail." Then came Lady Knollys' invitation for Milly and' me. He was very much obliged ; ho smiled over It a great deal, meditating. I thought he was puzzled; and amid his smiles, his wild eyes scanned Cousin Monica's frank face once or twice suspiciously There was a difficulty—an undefined difficulty—about letting us go that day; but on a future one—soon—very soon—he would be most happy. Well, there was an end of that little project, for to- day, at least; aud cousin Monica was too well bred to urgo it beyond a certain point. " Milly, my dear, will you put on your hat and show me the grounds about tho house? May 6he, Silas ? J^liould like to renew my acquaintance." * " You'll see them sadly neglected, Monnie. A poor man's pleasure grounds must rely on Nature, aud trust to her for effects. Where there is fine timber, however, and abundance of slope, and rock, and hollow, we sometimes gain in picturesque what we lose by neglect in luxury.' - Then, as Cousin Knollys said she would cross the grounds by a path, and meet her carriage at a point to which we would accompany her, and so make her wa} 7 home, she took leave of Uncle Silas ; a ceremony whereat—without, I thought, much zeal at either side—a kiss took place. " Now, girls!" said Consin Monica, when we wflre fairly in motion over the grass, " what do you say—will he let you come—yes or no ? I can't say, but I think dear,"—this to Milly —" he ought to let you see a little more of tho world than appears among the glens and bushes of Bartram. Very pretty they are like yourself; but very wild, and very little seen. Where is your brother, Milly; is not he older than you ?" " I don't know where ; and ho is older bysix years aud a bit." By-aud-by, when Milly was gesticulating to frighten some herons by the river's brink into the air, Cousin Monica said confidentially to me— " He has run away, I'm told—I wish I could believe it—aud enlisted in a regiment going to India, pcthaps tho best thing for him. Did you sec him here before his judicious self banishment ?" " No." " Well, I suppose you have had no loss. Doctor Bryerly says from all be can learn, he is a very bad young man. And now tell me dear is Silas kind to you ?" " Yes, always^ gentle, just as you saw him to-day; but wg'don't see a great deal of him —very little in fact." " And hojrtlo you like your life and the people ?" she asked. " My life, very well; and the people, pretty well. There's an old woman we don't like, old Wyat, she is cross and mysterious and tells untruths ; but I don't think she is dishonest—so Mary Quince says—aud that, j'ou know, is a point; bud there is a family, father and daughter, called Hawkes, who live in the Windmill Wood,- who are perfect savages, though my uncle says they don't mean it; but they are very disagreeable, rude people ; and except fhem we see very little of the servants or other people. But there has been a mysterious visit; some one came late at night, aud remainod for 6omo days, though Milly and I never saw them, and Mary Quince saw a chaise at the side-door at two o'clock at night." Cousin Monica was so highly interested at this that " she arrested her walk and stood facing me, with her hand on my arm, questioning and listening, and lost, a6 it seemed, in dismal conjecture. " It is not pleasaut, you know," I said. " No, it is not pleasant," said Lady Knollys, very gloomily. And just then Milly joined us, shouting to 11s to look at the herons flying; so Cousin Monica did, and smiled and nodded in thanks to Milly, and was again silent and thoughtful as we walked on. f l A " You are to *come to me, mind, both of you girls," she said, abruptly; " youthall. I'll manage it." When silence returned, and Milly ran away oncomore .to try whether the old gray trout was visible in the Stillwater under the bridge, Cousin 'Monica -said to . me in a low tone,* looking hard at me— y " You've uot eeen-fliiylhing to frighten you, Maud ?, Don't look sp alarmed, dear," sho added with a littjo laugh, which was not very merry,; howeverV ;' I don't mean frighten in any awful scnsoVin fact, I - did not mean frighten at .meant—I can't exactly express it—aMghing to vex, or make you uncomfortable j^fflje you?" " No, I can't say I have, except that room, in which Mr. Charke waa found dead." • Oh 1 jwT&awNthat;, di<l you?—I should: like to see it ipihnPh- Your bodroom is not near it?" ; • " Oh, no; on the floor beneath, and looking to the front. c^And " Doctor Bryerly talked a little to me, and.there seemed to be isomething 1 on his mind more than he 'ehose to tell ine^ so^hatfor sometime -after I-saw him. I really was, asyou 8/iy, frighteiied ; but, except that; I really hare had no ?ause. ' And what mas in your mind when you askod me?" " Well, you know, Maud, you are afraid of ghosts, banditti, and every thing; and I wished to know whether you were uncomfortable, and what your particular bogle was just now—that, I assure you, was all; and I know," she continued, suddenly changing hor light tone and manner for oire of pointed entreaty, " what Doctor Bryerly said; (uid I implore of you, Maud, to think of it serio'asly ; and when you come to mo, you Bball do so with the intention of remaining at Elverston." _ s "Now, Cousin Monica, is this fair? You and Doctor Bryerly both talk in the same awful way to me; and, I assure you, you don't know how nervous I am sometimes, and yet you won't, either of you, say what you mean. Now, Monica, dear cousin, wou't you tell mo?" " You see, dear, it is so lonely; it's a strange place, and ho so odd. I don't like tho place, and I don't like him. I've tried, but I can't, and I think I .never shall. He may be a very—-what "vvas.it that good little silly curate at Kpowl used to call him ?—a very advanced Christiarprthflt is, it, and I hope he is; but if ho is/only what lie used to bo, his utter seclusion' from society removes the only check, except personal fear—and he never had much of that—upon a very bad man. And you must know, my dear Maud, What a prize you are, and what an immense trust it is." Suddenly Cousin Monica stopped short, and looked at mc as if she had gone too far. " But, you know, Silas may be very good HO/!;, although he was wild and selfish in his young days. ' Indeed I don't know what to make of him; but I inn sure when you have thought it over, you 'will agree with me and Doctor Bryerly, that you must not stay here. 1 It was vain trying to induce my cousin to be more explicit. " I hope to see you at Elverston in a very few days. I will ttluime Silas into letting yoe come. I don't like his reluctance." "But don't yop think he must know that Milly would require some little outfit before her visit ?" " Well, I can't say. I hope that is all; but be it what it may, I'll make him let you come, and immndiately too." After sho had gone, I experienced a repetition of those undefined doubts which had tortured mc for soiiic time after my conversation with Dr. Bryerly. I had truly said, however, I was well enough contented with my mode of life here, for I had been trained at Kncml to a solitude very nearly as profound. \T (To be continued.J 