Wti, TOfiow, Md Greek and Latin are no doubt very fine accomplisments, but we purchase them at too dear a rate.—Montaigne. Liberty to do evil is an abandoned slavery, the worst of bondage, and confinement from doing evil is the only true liberty.—Defoe. Wine and good dinners make abundance of friends; bat in the time of adversity not one is to be found.—Chinese Proverb. The activity of the human mind is spurred on by difficulties. Necessity the mother of indolence would be a strange association indeed.—Gibbon. When do ladies carry fire? When they have taper fingers. "When was Desdemona like a ship in port? When she was Moored, When does a woman's tongue go quickest? When she's on the railway. When should a man dine 1 If rich, said Diogenes, when he likes; if poor, when he Why is an heir-apparent to a throne like an umbrella in dry weather? Because he's ready for the next reign. An old wag being asked his opinion of the portrait of his son, who had been taken in a large cloak, said he thought that the cloak was uncommenly like. . At a meeting of antiquaries, the question was mooted as to the origin of the term wassail-bowl. After a lengthy discussion they came to the conclusion that it* was called so because there was ale in it. Medical Fees.—The late Lord Dudley and Ward was in the habit of presenting his physician with whatever happened to be in his pocket at the time, whether it was a bunch of keyB or a purse of gold. A Rhode Island newspaper prints the following among its marriage notices:—"In Thompson, Cfc, November 2Gth, by the Bev. L. W, Blood, Bufus Briege, to Sarah L. Greenleaf, of Auburn, Mass., after a long and tedious court ship of over five years." Keeping up an Akgument.—Macklin and fir, Johnson disputing on a literary subject, Johnson quoted Greek. "I do not understand Greek," said Macklin. "A man who argues should understand every language," replied John eon. "Very well," said Macklin, and he gave him a quotation from the Irish. It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitnde to live after our own. But the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of his character.—Emerson. An orator in the Irish House of Commons was describing the inordinate love of praise which characterised an opponent. "The honourable member," said he, 'is bo fond of being praised, that I really, believe he would be content to give up the ghost, if it were but to look up and read the stonecutter's puff on his grave." Wanted to Know.—What kind of ropes are used by a thimble-rigger? How many knots an hour can a person tie? The difference between minding the train and training the mind?'Whether the lion of a party has anything to do with the dandelion? Whether a funeral carriage is an inky-bus? Whether one is (hjaunted who receives daily visits from his mother' sister? 