CHAPTER LII. Through the wood, through the wood, follow and find me ; Search every hollow, and dingle, and dell ; I leave not a print of a footstep behind me, So those who would see me must seek lor me well. Look In the lilybell-raffle the rose— Under the leaves of the violet peep; Lolled by the zephyr, in cradles like those, All the day long you may look till you weep. Ballad. The night after Carely's interview with the super- intendent of convicts had set in dark and gloomy. The moon, waa down; masses of driving clouds totally obscured the stars, except when, here and there, & solitary one peeped ont for a moment from between i the folds, and then vanished again, as if abashed at its boldness. " A rising wind, which had been fox some time in- creasing in i strength, now swept through the streets with a moaning sound, that at times almost seemed like a human wail. There was no rain, bui the atmosphere grew more and more murky, and seemed to hint that a time waa coming vf high would be mora comfortably contemplated by a man from under thei shelter of a snug waterproof roof, than when officiat-j ing as a target for the warring elements. ' As the hour was late, the'streets1 were generally) deserted, but a solitary figure was moving along at a stealthy pace, and evidently using1 great caution in his advance. ' As he pause'd before a house which was manifestly only partly finished, his figure waa quite undistin guishable from the manner in which it was wrapped up : but the voice, as he remarked, in a low, hoarse tone, " This is the shop," was unmistakably that of He gave two low taps with his knuckles, not on j the door, but on the closed window shutter, paused ¡ à few seconds, and then tapped again, accompanying the last summons with the word, pronounced in an under-tone, "Going.""' ' ' ' "What's going?'' asked a voice on the other side of the shutter, in the same cautious key. ."True boys,"'replied Thompson, and the next moment a sound was heard of some one gently un- barring the door. ~ Its opening admitted the.naw comer into a room which the light of a dark lantern turned upon him at his entrance, discovered to be of small dimensions, and totally destitute of furniture. Twelve or four- teen men, were sitting or lying about upon the floor, moat of them having a pipe stuck in the corner of their mouths, and all, as the light streamed for a moment over their persons, having the appearance of ruffians fitted'for any jspecies of crime. " Aren't you precious late, Thompson ? " said the voice of Ringer, as theformer entered. "No; just the right time," was the reply; "the clock struck two as I came along. They are all deep in their first sleep, and we shall have it our own way : almost time-they've had it theirs long enough1. Where's the rest of you ? " " Nobody's come, but us," answered one of the company. ' ' "Soaking it, I suppose," muttered Thompson; " or couldn't get out, perhaps. I thought my old master would never have gone to bed. I had half a mind to settle his hash for him before I came away, I have owed it to him this long* time ; but I thought it wouldn't fit* though my fingers was itching to do it ' Well, if our pals lose their chance, it isn't our faults. We can't get ourselves booked for Nor- folk Island' for the sake of waiting for them. If my old grumbler was to wake up, and take it into his head to want me for anything, ,and find out that I had given him the slip, he would have the whole place olive, in ten minutes. ,So we must bustle, lads. We have lots to do before daylight The first place-" i» " Whaf s that ?" cried one of the party, in a terrified tone. , "Only the wind, you fool!" growled Thompson. "Did you think it was your grandmother's ghost i* The first place is to Harris, the gunsmith's. Tom Williams, as is quartered there, will be on the watch to let us in at the signal ; and there we shall get some arms, so as to be able to show fight, if we want to. Tom says we shall be able to make a good plant therejtoo; for he- knows tke old fellow received a jolly lot of flimsies only yesterday; and if that is as it ought,to be, and all keeps quiet, why, 111 tell Sou of another place, where we can do something andsome before we start. ? But one thing at a time. Are you all ready?" ' " All ready I" was the general answer. " Open the door, then, Jock, and see if the coast is clear, continued Thompson. "If it is let us go out one by one." The door was opened accordingly, and the man who did it peered cautiously out. "All right 1" he said, after a pause, and stepped forward into the darkness. . t u , , , I The one nearest the door had just followed after him, when he heard the voice of his companion sud- denly call out, "Leg it 1" and caught an indistinct glimpse of some struggling figures m the obscurity beyond. , ,, i f- , To spring back into* the house was the work of a moment, but on attempting to reclose the door, he found that something hod been introduced into the aperture, which prevented it He threw himself against it with all his strength, but, at the samejn stant, it was pushed violently from without, and voices weres heard exclaiming, " Police f-Police 1 Open the door or we will shoot you I" -' .* Lend, a hand, .here,; some of you 1" cried the almost exhausted ruffian, as he felt the door begin to give way in spite of' his best efforts. Three or four athletic forms were instantly thrown against it, and Thompson, catching up the dark lantern, turned its light upon the opening of the door to discover what it was that prevented its closing. [(., Tlie action had nearly proved fatal to him ; for it disclosed the outline of his body to the party without^ one of whom immediately fired through the opening, with such precision that the ball struck the ruffian s cap from his head, i The movement, however, effected the object in view, for it revealed the impediment in | the shapeofapoUceman'sboo^firmlyplacedagainst | thejamb. » ; i . . With a savage oath Thompson instantly caught up the door-bar, and dealt so furious a blow upon the defenceless foot that .it was withdrawn with a low groan of agony. The party within profited by the moment of reprieve: the bar was thrown across the door with the rapidity of thought, and a-tempprary security; obtained. ,, . , That it was only temporary, however, the force of the blows showered upon the door from without made sufficiently evident "Theback window,"shouted one of the convicts, and they darted across the floor in a body, the door already beginning to crack under the efforts the police ; were making to kf orce it Hurrying into the back room, the foremost of the party made a spring at the window and threw it up. ' The crash of the falling-in of the front door as he did so, and the sound of many feet entering the room, quickened his movements, and without giving him- self time for a second thought, he leaped through the opening. He fell lightly, for the descent was not great; but, as he attempted to rise, he waa pre- vented by a stout grasp upon his collar, while a voice exclaimed, " Not so fast, my hearty. Pass up the darbies, Charley.. Here's one of them. You did not think we were going to stop up one of the holes of the trap, and leave the other open, did you P Not so green. So, you are safe enough. Come along, gents ! Who's next? " We are done !!* cried the man who rwas about to take the next spring, drawing back from the window. " And here comes the others 1" exclaimed a second, as the pursuing party burst into the room. " Whaf s to be done 1" " Fight it out, to be sure 1" shouted Ringer; who, as we Eave seen,* was by no'means deficient in per- sonal courage. " I'm not going to Norfolk Island for nothing. Pitch into them, boys 1" , Suiting the action to the word, he sprang upon the nearest policeman, caught the descending truncheon in his hand, wrested it at a wrench, and dealt italate owner a blow -with it that felled bim like an ox. But another officer leaped over the body and grappled with him with a strength nearly equal tonis own, Ringer, in his younger days, had gained some reputa- tion aa a wrestler, and after a vigorous struggle, he succeeded in tripping his new opponent But many of the force bad by this time thronged into the room ; and the light which streamed on the scene of action from their'lanterns convinced Ringer, at a glance, that his party, though making a stout resistance, were so far outnumbered as to make the result only a question of time. \ i . , He had just recognised Thompson standing close at his side, when the attention of the force was drawn off by one of their number, who had pressed forward incautiously, being knocked down and sur- rounded by the convicts. There was an immediate rush to his rescue. The part of the room where Ringer stood was left in obscurity ; and he saw that jf there was to be a chance of escape, this was the lucky jnoment .< Touching Thompson on the ann, he whispered " Follow me-I know the house," and drew off to- wards a door in the corner."' The sound of their steps was quite drowned in the noise of the conflict in the further part of the room ; but one of the police, giving his bullseye a wider range just as Thompson disappeared, caught a glimpse of, his retreating figure, and crying out M They are getting off this way. Follow me, Borne of you I" immediately began the pursuit / » ' < i i<-' i Ringer, who had been employed to do some work ou the premises, and was consequently acquainted with theprplan, now found his knowledge stand híin in good stead.! .(Uatching his companion hythe sleeve, he hurried him along a short passage, and np a flight of stairs at the end¿ on tip fop of which they found themselves in another room; this Ringer tra- versed with as much'precision as if 'it' h$ been. broad daylight, and quitted by an aperture* iii the wall at; the further end, just as the gleani of their pursuers^ light began to shine up the staircase. The house selected by the convicts for their place of meeting, as being little likely to attract observa- i tion,' was one of a row of small buildings which were t iii course of erectipn at the same tirne ; and the work- men had left a small opening in each of the upper 'rooms to save themselves ^trouble jn passing from house to house. Once ai the top, therefore, me lay open_all_through the houses; and with this space before him Ringer's fleetness of foot would soon have placed him beyond all fear of pursuit ^'But^Thompson^wâsa'héavier man; his progress was slower, and .the, nearer, advance of the tight showed unnustakeably that their pursuers vere gain- : ing upon,them.' Ringer/ urged lus, companion'1 to -fresh exertion, and he aid his best: but the light still drew nearer, the following footsteps were heard more distinctly,fsnd'it -wasclear thatá'very'ahort time ?would'- eUpse^before they were'overtaken. Ringer felt that he coum easily We escaped himself/'but ,with that'.gênerons feeling which' sometimes no amount of criminality or moral degradation can wholly destroy, he could not bring himself to abandon lus brother convict, His first thought was to turn upon their pursuers, now separated from their companions, and endea\ our to overpower them. Ile paused a. moment, and lis- tened to the sound of their feet They were evi- dently too many for a chance of success ; they wore well armed too-the thought was madness. ' In the ( meantime the pause had brought them so near, that the comióte could distinctly" see each other's ligures in tim advancing light ; m 0/ few seconds their ad- versaries would bo upon' them. At this instant a thought flashed across the mind of Ringer. It was their only chance of safety. " This way," he whispered to his companion,1 and drew him hastily towards a small door at the further' end of the room. ? It was a closet and they had j scarcely entered it, and drawn the »door after them, 1 when four or five policemen rushed into the room at . their best speed. There was one sweep of ¡the bulls- ¡ eye round it to assure them of its emptiness, during! which the fugitives held their breath, and did not. stir a,, muscle, and then Uie 'officers hurried on j tlirough the opening, into the adjoining house, 1 per-) suaded that those whom they were, chasing had still * fled forward. ' ' ' ( ) Ringer scarcely waited till the room was again' left in darkness, before he started up. ' " Now is the time, Jem," he whispered ; " this is our last chance. Follow me, quick!"* Retracing their steps, they descended the stairs of the empty house as noiselessly as possible, and, opening the street idoor,. peered cautiously forth. All was dark and silent; and,, as they darted, out,i , Ringer directed lus comrade's attention to the gleam' of their pursuers' lanterns through an upper window some three houses beyond. " All's right," he said ; "We have ten minutes good. They will go onto tile end before they, find the_dodge out. Now, Joe, if, ever you ran in your life, no\rs the time. Norfolk Island and a chain-gang if you're nabbed, recollect Foot it like a brick. This way !" ' In another moment they were lostin the darkness. . 1 1 The i police, as Ringer had anticipated,1 went on to ' the end ofthe line of buildings before they discovered 1 the ruse by which their prey had escaped them, and I by the time they did so the track was lost , -They attempted to pursue the search, but a short ' time convinceçLthem ofjthe,Luttex futility of any 1 further efforts "by night ;.and they returned to their j comrades, comforting themselves with the reflection I that it was impossible for tile runaways to get^far, j and that .they would be sureof them in themqrmng. I The morning, however, and the mornings which 1 succeeded it, failed to justify the prediction. Thel fugitives had evidently succeeded in gaining the bush, ' and_no_trace of them could be discovered. Mean- while, their less fortunate.companions, after resisting < with1 the energy of 'despair, had been all rècap'tureU; 1 and, after due examination, suffered such punish- ; ment as appeared suitable to their various degrees of guilt ' l ' " " (To he continued?) ; 