EXTRAORD1,NAR iSTORY OFiLO r ,BROUGHAMi, 1 H£ ONE of; the :most? romeinkable :.torie re cointly told appears. in Loid, irouiham's autobiography; :whichl has jusf ;lbonrissued by M 'siss Blackwood: - A most rernark& alol ething, happenod to me-- so ri reimk-k ale ;that I. must 1toll thio story, frond. the'. boginiiri.g iAfter- Ileft the High 'School I; wont wvith G- :. ,;my .most intimate fiiend, to.attend.tho classes in the Uni vorsity , There .o as no divinity class, but .weIfrequentlyin ,our -walks discussed anid specuiated:,,dupon m'any ,grave subjects among others, on the immortality of the, soul, and on a futur'o state. This ques tioi, and the p issibility, I will not say of ghosts valkingi. ut of the dead appear 'to`ltivinb, werc subjects of much specu 1?tioii ;and n e actually committed the folly of drawing up an agtreement written wtith our blood,,to the effect that which- 'evrb'f: us died first should appear to the 'other ad thirs .solve any doubts we had i Terit?ia 'f . the ' life after death.' After wllhd fibnished our cl'isscs at the college, ' i owent to'India, having got an ap 'poii'tiiient thlierin the civil service. He seldohni wbte to~ o e, and after the ]aspse odf/:a f"few y?irs; I: had almost forgotten ii 'n, moieover, his family having little ' e.tion with Edinburgh, I seldom saw roI 'ea'd` "iytliin' of them, or of' him: Sli'hi.iih' linmhi so th'at all the old 'school 1'oio0 iltinlitcy haiid died out, 'and I had ineaiily foigotten' his. eistence. 'I had 't~ inrhsl 'hivb? ishid a warm bath.; and Yil"llying ti.'i t Ad enjoying the com 'forto6f 'tlte heat after the late freezing I haid indlergone;,I. tirned my head. rourid, l1ooklring tos wards the chair on which I had de osited' my clothes; as 'I' was about to g io=et oU?t of' tlihebath. ' On the - chitir sat. `( ' 0 `'l'ookinff calmly at mo. How I.got o? lait e 'bd~'t", I know not;:bhtt;on recos vdiing iy-'senses I found myself sprawled' 'on the li'foor. 'he apparition, 'or what "'tei' itait°s liith ihd taken the likeness of G "- had' dliappieared.' This 'vision. poi''vd :'iiuh a shock that! I had no in S'clindtiotri' toalk' about it; or to "speak. 'ibhotiftit: veii to Stuart ; 'but the impres siontiitt.inmade upon -me was too vivid to ljb easily forgotten, and so strongly was I iffected; by it" that I have here written :lowin: "tho whole history with. the date ~Deebimber .19, and :all the particulars, as rotheyair, now fresh before me. No doubt 'I liad fallen asleep, and that the appear iince?iosoiented so distinctly to my' eyes wa?s a' dream I cannot for a:moment doubt yet y for'yby s: I had had no dommiinictation -vi il:G - ;=nor had thered beeoriaiything tbo i6ieiill hiih'to my. recollection; 'Nothing ;I hd tilten'placa during. oar , Swedish: • trivels 'either connected with' G- --G . oi. with?'India, bor'?with' anything. relating? ,to im 'oi to 'any meiboirof his fainily :" I. r ocollected; quickly e ougli our: idl dis-, r cission', adiidl the balrgaiun we had -made.: I could: not' clischargo the impiression that tG G ust hiiwe died"and that hlis ap pearan'ce0to mie vtas to be .eceivod b?yino, as p0of of 'i futuir stato. ',This iahson 1 Deceniber .19, 199 'I O:ctober, 1862,, s Lord Broughlia ttdded as a, postscript:-' "I lhaye just" beenh :copyiitgr out'from .my journal the account of 'this strapnge ireai., COitissimn noriti iinigol! Arid now to fimlSli tho' story, leguni iboit sixty years; sideo. ' Soon aftero my roturn to Edin buirgh ti?hron ariivd a lotter from India announcin g" G- ''s deith, and stated tliat he had died 'on December 19 !" 