TIIE ' NEWS OF THE DA Y. " Tho IVilli.amstown division of tho Vio- torian Naval llescrve aro not satisfied with tho- appointment -of -Mr. - Banter as-senior naval officor, and at the.mceting for drill on ThnrsdsyTSVenirigthoy'nll declined to servo under him.' It appears they wore induced to join tho foroo on the representation that CaptAin Fallarton would1 have the com mand, and . now that ho has been su perseded by., Mr.. Pantor, thoy cohsidor they ; havo a cause of complaint. Ac cordingly on Thursday evening 'thoy ' de clined to drill, nnd in n body loft tho drill-boom. Undor tho hiow Discipline Act refusal of orders is sovcrely punishable, but as yet there;. lias boon . no. refusal of obedi ence, jno.. officer having been present. The men by not attonding tho drills will not.be- rnmn'nJTmihivii nnfl'tKevnfnrn tint, olinilil. fni- the annual premium for tho services., aud this is tho course thoy intond following, al though somo of them . go so far as to say that if tho act is -put ,inV force they will sopnor gaito .gaol l than Eorvo '.under Mt Pante'r. It is also rumored that Captains Fullarton and Eldor , havo the .intention of resigning tho commissions they, now hold, in the volunteor- forco,' not having yet been gazetted to tho Naval Heservo. It was ex pected that tho -Sandridgo division rY.ould have followed in the footsteps of their- Williamsto\yn comrados, but such was not the case, as last evening they mustered as UBUal, under tho oommand. of Captains Steele aud Johnson, and after going through their drill in tho orderly-room; thoy1 had a "march ouP! by, moonlight. , . ; A Coinpotitivo exhibition for students of tbo Schools of Design, associated with tho Tochdelogioal Commission,: will open ht tho annexo of tho -Exhibition building' onjMon; day next,. Without any ohargo , for admission,,' .Tlio- drawings aro now being hung or placed inLposition under tho direction, of Mr. Ho- bortsj of tho Moluourno, Artisans acnooj, . and aVortfolio has beonrccoivod from each of tho mbtropolitanahd provincial sohools. Tho gontlqmcn who havo boon fcqucstpd to act as judges aro MM. Von Guer ,rd and L. ;Buvc- lot, -for dosigns for landsoapor gardening ; Profcssor(Halfprd'' and .Mr. O. Campbell in tho figure '; dj)'qr,tmpnt' ; Mcssreibq. 'llred; and Al.'Johusto'no in hrcliitocturb ; Mr. - IVir ,Kornot' and- Messrs.! W. 1 W.' W ardell ' and Ciement'Hodgkinson'ih mebhitirpiil ,ati' con structive ' 'drawing. , . Exhibils hhv'q, boen forwarded from the Sohools of Design in Bal- larat East and West, Gpolohg,' Kichmoiid, ' South jMelbourno, . Priihrani Fitzroy, arid tho- Bohool; cstablisbed by tho pai'ntors and- papor-stairiers :in tlio' Trades Hall,;1 Mel- bournb."' Mririy of tho' drawings are of re;\ markable -beauty, and they-ali furnish grafi- fying i proof ;t of.-, tho i success .which; has attendod tho enterprise' "of ' 'the p techno logical; coirimitteo.' Thb display" is ah' in-' torostihg ono,-;.and,i the-, exhibition cannot, fail to result in:, .very- . great - bonofit. A preliminary insppotipriVlpads.';ns to, think Hiht 'fiiio vrtll 1!a 'npihwhilllir' 'in. f.hft' nn< portiimty givonto the pupils hnd ihotoaohors .of.thoj varipus "sohpols to insppct.tho work ,'dono in tho others.' ' - ff na?m'uoh as tlio .task lios before tho -judges -of- deciding on tho best, specimens, it would bo invidious to pibk oiit tho names of- pupils avho'hfiyp.'distinguishod themselves ;, bat, taMrig'ambrp ebmpreheri- sivu vibw,'it maybe said, that1- ihe 'Ballarat ahd,Ge'olorig seliools-Vill1 probably bo fonnd to take aieading-pasitionin-tho apprabalian of tho public. j.'.Tho .-Ballarat pupils. seom to have beon put on the right tra'priari'd forward drawings of works ori tho V ictorian Railways, with others really, to thojpoint. Tlio Geo-' .other ;;arid hbro'agriiri ithiusthp' rioted that' tho.pupils aro mainly,direqfco.d'jhtQj practical ohanritda. -iThoy. okobli espe'cialiy in nrohi-' jtbcthral drawing.' Tho motropolitan schooU pre i.-tW 'most 1 qfroljfio in, , Tahdscap'o ' arid , fignro' drawing, arid will probably take the bulk of - the" prizes in thoto1 dopartmerits. : Still, tho 'show on their' part' does not indi cate; on tho wliplo, nn . appreciation : by tho masters of -the real object of the schools. - A. lack of sp'eoimoris of drawirig-'ffom tho model1' is obserjvablQ in tho- Contributions ff rem both town1 and country, but this ja, charged' to tho wprit o£ models. Ah. a first step in ineoting it, too ixepunofogicai ,e,pmmmsion nave up-, eided to sond each sohool a .'sot pf-isinail models,; illustrating ' tho different" orders of' arehitobturo. . Looking through' thb' list of1 prizes- it will found that ,tho"best oo'n- oeivod aro two special ones .by tho hon. Geo. Rolfo." 'Tho first 'is for the student who passes tho host pxaminationf.iri practioal" geometry, arid' tho second for. thb Btudent' who produces tho best, .working drawing.in carpentry. Tho Technological Commission will give a largo number.. of prizes in the, various branches of figure, orilamontal, land- ennnn' ninnli n n ! p n I nnrl nrnln'tnflf.llml flrfl-W. iug. v..- i .. A correspondent furnishes tho following information respecting our Coal formation : — In tho county of Mornirigton aDd South -Gipps Land alone wo hovp;ahout 15;090 square miles of coal-bearing country. I'Voin Griffith's Point "to Capo Patoraon coal has not only! been found but prpvod, and it only requires :the construction of 'a tramway to open up and work tho proved sootioris be tween tno above local! Lies, .a distance of seventeen miles. The largest proved seam is that at Kilcundn, about five miles from Griffith's: Point, where there will bo ninulo accommodation for tho loading of large ships 'as 'soon 'as tho wharf is constructed. A short tram, f rpm , this point would he all that is necessary to sot tho ICilcurida mino working. ! Froiri 'Kilounda to Gapb Patereon the tramway could bo continued at- a 'oheap rate as tbo country is perfeotly- lovol, and tbo ono line would sorvo to work tho Cape Pator- son, ICileunda, and : intormediato sections. The seam, in tho Kilcunda mino is proved in several places. It is riowhoro less than two foet thick, but gains to two.. foot four inches as it ia | followed. It dips intri the land about' one foot; in - seven, -arid is of prime quality, i Tbo opening .of this mine alono wonhl savo tho colony a largo sum in the year, and give (extensive employment. In 18G9 wo imported 135,43G-tohs., lThe rail ways oorisumo at present 18,000 tons per annurri, riud when we"-add to this tho 'in-. creasing, demand. wliicji .must; arise for coal in tlio colony,' as well. as. tho quantity whioh returning- filiins to China and:. India, would require, it can bo easily seen. tho commercial advantage that must rosult from tlio opening of our coal-fields. . The Government and public aro both anxious for such a result1, and wo . trust Parliament will give tho sub ject tho consideration iPdesorvos. A deputation of Presbytoriau ministers waited upon tho hon. the Treasurer yester day, to ask him to pay tho arrears of stipend which had' accrued undor the Stato-aid to Religion Bill, and also to call his attention to tho particular claims of tho GisbornoPr03- byterian Church. which had incurred heavy liabilities for building on tbo strength of a promise mado by tho lato Treasurer. With regard to tho first namod point, Mr. Francis ttll UUUU UUVUUVU bUU 1CUUMW f MUW .aio. zwwjj nised tho claims of tne Gisborne Ohurch, considering lhat ho was, to a certain extent, bound by tho .promise of his predocossor, and therefore promised to plaoo a sum of money on (ho estimates for tho purpose re quired. Tho deputation then withdrew. , There was a mooting of the Volunteer Land Warrant Board held yesterday at tho Lands department, but the . only ' business transacted was tho classification of tho numerous applications already sent in. As tho timo for receiving applications has ,been fixed for the 31st iuat':, it is hardly possible for the board to: havo concluded thoir labors in time to;allow pf the necessary amount for the remuneration of tho volunteers being ulaoed on tho estimates for tho present year. I this is not dono a 'great injury will bo dono to many of tho (men, 'and it is therefore to bo hoped that tho Government, will overcome tho difficulty bv nlacinc a sum for ' tho pur- pose on tho supplementary estimates. Many volunteers havo been flattering thomselvcs that by tho appointment of the present board tho difficulty arising out of tho dispute relative to "qualifying aorvioe" hnd been ovorcome. It is," " however," ' much to bo feared that thoy have "reckoned without their hoBt," as tho present board is not ono of appeal from tho previous ono, who having allowed tho obnoxious item, it will havo to form a preoodont for thoir suscessors. Tho Registrar-Gonoral's report on tho vital statistics of Molboumo and suburhs, during the month of March and tho quartor ending 31st March, aro published in tho Gazette. From this it appears that thcro wero 3-48 deaths during tho month, of whioh 192 wero males and 156 females, 180 being under fivo years, and 1GS over that age. Tho daily averago of deaths was 11.23, and tho total is below tho mean of the month of March for tho last ton years, which is 3G2. Nino per sons of seventy-five years and upwards died during the month, and twenty- one violent deaths occurred in tho same period, fifteen of w h 'fb woro acoidental ono homicidal, and "five suicdal ; a.xtyffcriroTlV nr ccat of tho wholo took plnco in publid institutions .mnctyiBix_dcAtha_w.cro oausccl _liv— zvmntio diseases, fifty-four by constitutional! diseases 121 by_local. diseases, and fifty-six by do- volopmcntal duseases. Tho number of deaths ' m tho quarter was 1085, Being sixty.fivo less than tho avorago in the corresponding quarter of tho previous ten years. At about a quarter-'past twelve, this morn- ?Jng',? Sr0 waa discovered on tho : promise ' No. 2.: Post Offico-placo, oconpied by Mr A. Smith, gasfittcr rind brassfounder. ThoVire originated in tho foundry, and was ertin. guished with: but .trifling.. damage. T(." pears i to havo originated through the impcr. - feot brickwork of t-Jio furnace. -, A rather important ..decision .was civon « i... .'.v Acub uourc i)v Mr,t Commieaionor Nool, . during tho certificato mooting in ."thei estate of Charles F. 'Bates ' : oonfeotioner, .ol Melbourne.' : It "being proved to tho,Opmmissidner's":satisfacti6n" that tlio ' insolvent had ' denuded ffiiipsell ol his pro perty,; rind then' "sequestrated- his, estate for tho purpose of defeating a judgpiont ob- . tamed rigoiqstliiin for oauaing a. nuisance' by Mr. Thomns " Ailkeri, a certificate was only graated cm-tho-.oorijlitiin'tbat tbo 'in- " solvent pay 10s.,in tlio pinnfi to his creditors The ecrtaficatq also of !\>7illiam O'Donnell" bqo'tmhker, ' Melbourne, . was suspended for. throo months on a- similar ground. : . ; A meeting of gontiehioii interested' in tho formation of- a 'compariy! ,for preserving meat ' by what .is' kno wn , as Jones's vacuum pro pose, was; convened . at' Mr. Porry's, 49 Elizaboth-streot, yesterday: ; About a dozen / gontlempri woro Prospnjt,' Mr.' Drivld" Tounis 7 boi.voteff'tdtho'onmr.:!: From the pros-' poctua submitted, it appeared that the pro-- posod loapital was.;£30,000, ia G000 shares of £5 each, '-rind- -that' the' iiamti of tho company .? was to bo" tlib'Yacuuiu i'Mbiit Prosorvine (Jompany of iViptpna (bimted ). Mr. G.-. W. Porry ' wh.o .was present; stated thattho'mcat could bo produoed'reridy .for' tho market in tins of-4lbjuacb',fat;tfiarate'of 2,jiL 'per lb.' ' j! If £120p.ytras subaoribodj-.-lio stated that with! tho apparatus' now. on tho 'ground operations 1 :' ooujd jbe at onpo started. ' '' Thb hon. ', W. Cri'mpbolP remrirTftc the opinion of ! -omoithe!.pi«(,'hipn>?ed aiihulufb. It! would) .ho, jtliought,.bo'.botter -to' preserve a fow! 'tins at the worka as-qn pxperimout, in order to prp>Vo't.Hat':thb'probcss wub really deserving ,;of"'cqnfideuco. .iPn.this sugges- tiqn,thqfoUqwinggontlemen.wero appointed a obnimittoo to" visit tho works, which are noar I'Hawthprn-bridgo, EicVmond. and see _ tho, moat; f about; 200 . lb; ) :a bo thon pre- oe'rvefh and-dinnod ' Tho:lioii:.'."W. Camp. , boil,Jo'ssrs:;Cfompten; FtrivoO'?, D.. Young,".! Ji "F. Amderaon,.d-Captain-2-t5immpndB, - It 'was unfiers'tooiPtbaf .tho. , tins will be sealed, 'and opened on_a futuro' day, A tin of meat proaervctlVby. t ho same process in ; Aberdocn, fi vq.mbnth»:Ugqf' was 'opened and 1 ' tasted. Th0>"'iffoat as;s'w(ipt' and quite ' ' Tho bailiff of . tho!.Gorir(iloIM'nee''et Alexl 1 audra, air, .Maurice Raphapl, ; lya-s oharged - yesterday in tbo City, Guurt wjtb lareoriyas ! " - a bailoo. Xho inforinatiOri was- lakl by Mr. Fro'dorick CosteV,- :'ri' solioitet.'.at . th'o.'samo' pluco, jtho ncousatipai being/that Itaphzoi fraiidulontly-- dorivorted to - his own use a pyorilisaory) note fOn,£lG0:;l9s. 7<l.,.tho pro-- ) per'tyi of , Copter, ,and wbieli1' bad . been en- - J trusted; tii' 'thb' defendant ,'i in; - order that ho miglit get it dieeounfe(l.1'LMr. Coater acted intiibdoublo caiaoifcy of attornoy and, wit ness. Mr. V. Smith' appbfirod "on behalf of .-, ri tho dofondant. Somo dispute liad taken . .1 piaop poiween xno awo parcios rcspeenng tno ohargo for : bailiff's' foes 'in connection with tho taking -pqssqssioij.; of (fho property, of a a gold mining company. Tho promissory note ; nad.bobh given to Raphaol)'' bccprdmg to tho statemoufc.M ,tho ptpaooutof,' , that he might. - getitdiscbiinlibd.qhd return, thoiproopeds; On tbio part of tho defendant it was alleged that ' his fees as bailiff werofricludod iiij this note, arid that it was .thereforepartly his property. Tho bxaminafidn.Of' tho.prOsooutdrdasted for 'nearly two hours,, iquch irrolevaUt , matte/, j " being imported Into' tlio case. Mr. Smith ' contended . thalrhia .cUcnt, having an interest - ' ' i in the proinissory note,' could riot lie charged ' with larceny, as . a bauoo. Mr- .S.turt dis missed tho. paso, remarking. that, it did not. forma proper subjeot. for a criminal proao- ontion, ijiit' that it 'ought 'to Havo been do- ' ' cidod byia civil notion. - v, Tho land- boards .scorn nqt, to bo tho only grievances which -coil forth The viridigiiation of- tho peoplo. Somo' of tho road boards seem to havo proceeded to great lengths to get proclaimed shires. ,: Of . one in particular a ratepayer writes that in: order to gain tho ' 'required: end tho ratepayers': property was rated at 50 per cont. . increase in Value, and on that a rato ot is. in tho pound, was di-» clared, with the promise that a reduced rate of 9d. in the pound would be : declared next year but .qomo of tho ratepayers objeotod ', to .tbo. arrangement. A meotirig of tbo council of the' Ariclimati- . .sation, Society was held yesterday, at tho ' ; office,' j! 30 - Svvanston'.streot.' .- Present-Dr. Joseph Black (in the. chair), Mr. ' Sj'rigg, Mr. . Hammond,' Count do; Castlonauj ' Mr. Vcn- a.bles, Dr. ,Pugh, Mr. Christy, Mr. Were, and Mr. Moule. The, hon. secretary reported that the stock at the Royal .Park were thriving ;, tho dccF cspocially are at present ' iu vory Liuu- uuuuiiiuu<, «t»o. ivau «- from Mr.' Samuol Wilson, of Longeronoug, stating that tho society's Hock of angora goats' nad iriiproved:-vbry mudli sirico their arrival ori the Wimmera ; that part of tho country, aooms to bo well adapted to them. Tho socioty oonfidfently ;hopo to bo ablo to roar and liberate, a largo nuinber of phoasants during tho coming season, as they have now a good stock t'6'oorameocd ivith. Tho report of tho procoodings of the socioty for tho past year will bo printed and ro idy for distribu tion oarly next ' week. Mr. Charles Ryan was nnanimously oloctod a member of tbo 'council, j i,. A depntation from the AVaranga Sliiro Council waited on ; the Commissioner of Roads arid Bridges1 yesterday to request that a sum of " £1100 might bo ' placed on ; the > Jestimates, . for ,, tlio', 'purpose, of, erecting a bridge over tho Campaspe, and ono over :tho Goull urn .at' Murchisori, , the council itself paying half tho- cxpenso. Tho Commissioner refused , to move in the matter. Ho pcPmisod howover to givo a ' grant for half tho oxponso of a bridge over : tho Campaspe, at the , Glare Ian. In reply to tho same deputation, tho Com missioner of Lands promised to proclaim a road through certain allotments rcservod within the shire boundaries. The list of appeal cases was commencod in tho General Sessions yesterday.; Black v. Sturfc, P.M., and. others, .referring to tho Bale, by a grocer, of liquor in jugs, stood postponed until tho next sittings. Holier v. Strutfc and Overend was ah appoal from tho Brunswick benoh,- tho appellant having been fined £10 at tho instance of the local board of health for depositing offal in ail unautho- rised place. Tho court u'pheld tho decision. In Willey v. Wifioy, an application was mado to havo a maintenance order, mado b,r tbo Prahran ' bench, increased from 15s. to £1 a week. After hearing argument,, the court deolinod to vary tho order, and then ad- journod until this morning. 1 - : In tho Equity Appeal Court yesterday ar guments were concluded, 'and judgment reserved, in Ronalds v. Duncan. A meotirig of tho subscribers to tho An derson testimonial was held yesterday at the Geelong Town Hall ; Mr. W. F. Duckcr (the mayor) in tho. chair. A committee, consisting of the following gentlemen, was elected, to carry out the- intentions of tho subscribers: — Messrs. W. F.Dueker, Cap tain Nicholson, Colonel Heath, Dr. Pincott, and Mr. J; H. Connor, lato' representative for Colao. j It was announced by tho chair man that £59 was already in hand, which sum would bo further augmented before tho lists wore closed. - It was understood that tho money would bo expended in tho pur- cliaso of -a gold watch and chain, suitably engraved,- as a memento of the esteem in which the late olerk of potty sessions was hold by tho people at Goelong. The body of tho young man Thomas West, who loft bis homo unaccountably before day light or. the morning of tho 25th nit., was found floating in tbo Yarra, between tho Churoh-strcot and Railway bridges, on Thursday, and yostorday Mr. Candler hela an inquest upon it at tho Prince Alfred Hotol, Church-Btreet, Richmond. After ovidonco of tho finding of the body had been given, tho deceased's sister deposed that no left home saying that ho would walk about to endeavor to obtain relief from the 8r'a pain ho wa3 enduring. . A constable stated that at about half-past four a.m.- on tho -'th ult., he met the deceased in Church- strcet, going iu tho direction of Prahran. G" ac costing him he said that he was going to ' mnlnvment in the ofScoof the Telegraph, Prahran, and his manner being perfectly » ,n,l rational, tho constable, who know Sim by sight, allowed him to proceed, tho deceased remarking that it was a frao.morn- . f na h6 leisurely walked away. -Dr. Sfilman stated that ho had nttendod tho XL( who had been Buffering from Sic fever, and was at times slightly do- gfoM threws'a pain. - Kc Jwd fnnml npou nblng a post mortom examination, that tho stomach and intestines wero much inflamed and the liver congested. Tho other organs «re health!' u Asphyxia from drowning was tho cause. c death. Tho jury returned verdict that tho deceased committed suicide upon the morning of tho 23th nit.', temporary insanity, Mr. Gandlor rirpTvcd the verdict, but said.be dissented lithe conclusion of the jury, as ho con:, sidered thero was no ovideuce to.ahow.how the deceased camo into tho river. The progress of Mr. M'Kcan towards rc- rnverv is "still satisfactory, and in- a short _ h. . i,nT1„j that ho will ouite havo ro- mrcred from tho effects of his accident. 'Hp U daily attended by Dr. Tracy, who recom mends quiet and rest. . _ Tho last committee meeting of tho \ to- toriau Licensed Victuallers' Association was held last evening, at tho. Victoria Hotel, Rourkc-stroct west. Tho secretary brought forward' tho report, and sevor'al now mem bers were elected. At a numerously attended mceting-of tho friends of Mr. Peter Ai'Urackep, J. P., held in tho court-house, Flomington, on lilpsday, the 2nd inst., that gentleman, who. was about to Icavo tho neighborhood, was presented, with a very liaudsomo testimonial, consist- inn of a silver tea -and' coffee' sorvic.o, as a mark of their esteem for liim. Tlio. testi monial was accompanied by a .richly _ illumi nated address, which was read by ,the chairman, Mr. E. B. Wight.- A small boy, about riino years old, pamod Alexander Smith, lias been brought , up at the City Court ou sovoral occasions during the past few weeks as li neglected Child. About a month ago, ho wont to tho lmmi- nants' Homo and asked for admission. He ?.!j . .iifiobln tain to tho siinbrinteudont. Wiuu I"-'""-- — — - , , : laving thpt his, parents wero dcadand.tliat he had bbon stopping -witjl- a farmer named Olover at Epping,' but that the farmer iad> cot tired of keeping him and fchd' brought him ioto-'town and left him. Ho was .ad mitted fqr tho night, and the next morning was taken beforo tho magistrates. Ho was. interrogated and told" tho rimeritdry, and was remandod in order that inquiries plight bo made, After tho expiration of a Week lie was icain'broilght'up, but tbroiigh:!aimiBtakb.,thoi mnnirica bad' been made at- Elthamdnktead of Epping- Tho noxt :wjrek ho ro.-appeared. in the court. Tho police' at Eppirig had mado inquiries, but tho farntor 'debiod knowing anything of tho boy. -It/was. thought.that the youngster had been lying, but though ho wassharply'quostioncd,' ho'still kept to his original tale. Ho was again remanded, and a lurtber investigation was, made i into tho case. It was then learned that' tho boy had really been working at Epping, hut bis other statements woro shown .-to bo untrue. . His., name, instead of being Smith, was Butler, and his father 'still remained in the land' of the living,;' .. With a persistency worthy' of a knif/an raiilOfV 'tlin llflV fltUck tO tllO llGS hll had told, until his father was brought into the court. His father stated that tlioliqy had left him in February last, hut ho 't'ak'eri'no' trouble to find out where ho had gono to. Mr. Sturt reprimanded tho boy for his false hoods, and blamed tho father for his care lessness respecting liis son, Butler refused to pay for tho support of his son; at the . Indus-', trial Schools, aud tho boy was discharged. At tho Ilotham Polico Court yesterday, a young girl was charged, with being., drunk snd disorderly in tbo public' streets./:-' It ap peared in. evidoneo that tho drink had been given her. by a man named Robert: Brymor, a shoemaker; residing. in Loveson-street,' Hothani. ' .'She was ' cautioned, and /dfe- ctargod, j ' , ' i -. -i . Tho charge of . horsestealing against an eld mau ilipned . Thomas Lock, a resident of C'olliugwood, was .proceodod with yesterday, attho City Court. In October last a farmer named Kerr, at Biinjn'png, a place about eight miles front Ballarat, lost ahorse. He made a search for it, but was unsuccessful. (Tho animal was found in tho possession of tho prisoner in Mhrch by detective Lomax, who vent- to his house: for: tho purposo of making inquiries after a man named White alias Fitt, who had 'been arrested for horBO- stealing. , Lock, iu explanation of the manner in which he became possessed of tho horse, produced a receipt dated a few days after the animal hid been stolen, and signed by Georgo Lowe. The horse was bolievou to: bo stolen, and it vis taken 'away by tho'police, but afterwards returnee!, no owner jhaving heeii found, Lvmenco was uruugue eorwaru to enow . tuat White and Lowe wero idqntioal, and that lie had been stopping' at- the prisoner's houso. Lock was committed to take his trial. The Corrigau fund subscription list will close oa the 15th inst.- It may be mentioned that the appeal inad'o to the public has boon I most liberally responded to, upwards of t £1210 liavjng been already contributed. It I is requested that all subscriptions ..be -for- I warded not later than that date, either to I the lion, 'treasurers, Messrs. Frnacr and B Balfour, or to the hon. secretaries, the Itev. I J. C. Symous aud Mr. B. F, Kane. , Tho boy Adamsotf, who had been found in a state ol iutoxicatiou in tho street on Sun day last, was brought up on remand at the City Court yestorday. Further inquiries hid been made about : him, and it appeared that his name was not Adainson, but Richard Killuo. ITis statement that his father had lately gone up tho country -was rintruo, both of his parents boing dead. Ho had boen staying with a woman named Mrs. Gardiner, and was omployed iu collecting bottles aijd rags. Tho Jaoy had told tho polico.that tho drink had beon given to him by a man at the Hokitika Hotel, Carltou, but nothing could he discovered which implicated the loseo of the hotel. Tho hoy was sent to-tho Industrial School for three years. IheIlu8hworth correspondent of tholleath- «!e Advertiser writes thus irreverently of dignities : — " Tho Venerable Archdeacon of Csutlcmaine paid us a flyiug visit the other day ; it was announced that lio would preach while hero, but those who wont to hear him ero much disappointed,' as the rev. gentlo- nan altered his mind, aud instead of preach ing weut on a duck shooting and lisliing ex pedition, leaving Mr. Stewart to hold service. The archdeacon seems a vory jolly sort of parson, and I don't cavil at his taking a little amusement in the shape of shooting fan ssiiing, lint lie ought not to sell people n the manner ho did last Thursday week." Sceptical people believe that as this .country is so new, and our ruins aro so modern, veritable ghosts and ghostcBscs havo not yet been acclimatised. How mjsfaken is inia opinion may bo judged from, the state ment made by the Gawler Times, that in tho h'ely neighborhood of Onctrec-hill, quiet, practical farmers aver their having seen a weird tandem team dash across roads and through fences, without finding that what 'te obstacles to ordinary horses and vehicles at all obstruct tho pi ogress of these light- ied beasts and their shadowy trap, i ?-"10 'oam comes from or goes to, on what kind of ethereal oats and hay the nags are fed, may p0 worth ascertaining, and aat can ho tho object of theso "gloamin" t u au Mhcrwi00 reputable district would form good subjects for inquiry. Bytko City of Hobart, s.s., which sailed on liilay from Hobarfc Town. n. n.YHk nnnf-nin. 'p kuBdrcdweighfc of shot, inanufao- reu at Air. Moir's Shot Tower, was shipped ., I,ncy- 'This is tho first occasion (States Mercury) on which Tosmanian made, shot I- appeared in the list of colonial exports, vi z i samPoa haii'e'heen previously for- r r I(i"Jourpe and Sydney, and from satnfaction which the article has given kvmmaman 8Porh!'acn, ws aro convinced —i sooa find favor in the neighboring i„?lE3, Iko Sydney firm to whom the shot i seen forwarded havo intimated that they U .P,rePnrcd to pay £-1 per ton mere for Mr. sho? S 8 th.an the invoice price of English F- J- Dummelow, romanded from Warr- !».»' w ,n a okarge of forging the nameof Mr. L dudges, brewer, Goelong, to a bill of lii ft fr £20, with intent to defraud -fin. i-i 0 Australasia, was brought before i !0»e bench yesterday. The follow- ill? ?,la,trato3 were present : — The Mayor, \- ,u . 'kf-i and Alessrs. Belcher, Ecr-fiz iu "hyto. Sergeant Tcoliey con- ftri.lo. » PfOBecntiou. After hearing the BW Cr t? ' frr'3i Ho manager of tho JTv;' Ml- fjoae, the bill clerk ; Mr. Wright, Ren V nu' Hodges, whoso name liad »knch r?,e- 1 r' Stavely addressed tho Pb-jn' fkat tho acousod was of un- ® mind at the time tho offence was com- mittei- Mr. Fanton said that plea' must be stated before a jury. .Tho prisoner was committed, to take. ;hia trial . at , who . next general sessions; - . , . , - , : . Mr. Hranighn arrived at Wellington, 21st April,: from Auckland, in tho Phiubc, but refused to go to the South. His mind is greatly disordered, but he insisted on resum ing the command, and behaved in an extra ordinary - manner, so that tho Govern ment had an information laid against him under tho Lunacy Act. Ho has been com mitted to the Dnncdin Asylum, and will go South in the first Bteamcr under tho care of the keoper who accompaniod him from Auck- Isnd. ;Ho hae been taken to tho Hutttill the stcamor leaves. Air. Domett, Secretary of Lands, is going homo on leave. Throe youths, tho sons of three, gentle men rosiding in Brininyoug, on Tuesday night loft thcijr homes, each leaving. a memorandum to the effect that ho had loft his homo for good, and iiitended to Boek his own liveli hood. iTliey had armed themselves prepa ratory fto tlioir departure, one- taking a gun, another a flask of powder, 'and tho third a stock rif lnillots, which tlicy. had been cast ing for bv week. previous. Whothor they mean to imnfortaliso themselves n la Gilbert, IIa.lI and Dunn (remarks. tho Ballarat Courier, 5th Alay ) is hot' knqwni : .Warrants havo been takea outiby . their parents for their apprc- heusioii, but up ' to yoeterday morning they had not. been found by the police. The .Buninyong paper gives tlio following addi tional partioulars It was reported that they bad gone in tho direction of Rohowood, although it was stated that oho of them left word that ho was going to Bungarco. Since writing -the above, we learn that tho boy Brown has. returned home. - : ; Ho Boates that they all slept amongst tho rushes on Wed nesday1 night,' about aovon miles this Bide of Jlok'pwood, and -thrit when- ho awoke on the Thursday-morning -the other two boys had lotfc, " taking with them somo of his clothes 'and. his hat. Ho looked_ as though ho liadj been- crying from.: the timo he loft Buninyong." . . Tho Gipps Land Jlercur!/, 4th Af ay, states' that E\leu Thompson,- -who. -Was some; timo ago removed to tho hospital for treatment in consequenpo . of . having- . had vitriol thrown "over 'fir by -Martinj is rapidly, recovering. Tho blomislies on her face and neck - will not bo so great na .was fcared. at' th'o 'timo of tho outraged -Tho. '. childb: has thoroughly re covered and lias boon removed from tho hospital . " . ; ' " . i - - ; i .- Tho Courier, 5th May, gives tlio ; following fuller parkipulArs.qf . tho.'J;jso; referred to iu our coluinnB'yestcrday A caso of an ex- trcmelyj sensational oharaetor is likely to como 'before tho local" polico court,.in tlio .course of a few. days. The matter is at .'pre sent invested with some littlo "mystery, and it is considered necessary in order not to do- feat tliojends of justice that tho full particu lars should , not' -, bb divulged,,. It appears that1 one' of the' young ladies formorly serving at the ' tiafe.Turque, and lately residing iu Pcel-strpot having found herself in q certain condition, and apprehensive of tlio eonso- aueuces; and,, it is said, acting, iipon , tlio .ad vice of a -friend bIio determined to pro- euro abortion. She accordingly pur chased the requisite medicino, and on Alon-. dijy .last took a doso' of it; The effectB of it-wore i such, however, as to create alarm,. bo sho iqsisbed upon a doctor being called in. A medical 'gentleman was scnt; for,' anil on his' arrival ho 'immediately discoycred the serious naturb of th'o' caso. Having pre soribpd' tho necessary remedies and scoured a portion of tho modicino, ' ho gavo informa tion to tho polico. The girl, and two of her female friends, upon being questioned,, mado certain ijevelationk which will, it is faelioyed, criminato'several persons iu tho transaction. Tho medieiuo has boon forwarded to Mr. Johnson Government ranalysl, for'Aho pur pose of aualysiB, and tho girl-remoycd to the .hospital,' where. sbo remains at .present." .. ' i The Ballarat Mining .Vigilance Committee, which' has established, itself for tbo purposo of disputing .tho mining ;measuros of .the present sebsion of Farliauient, and which-, is simply a privato eommitteo to_aid iu'pro- moting mining reform, held its first meeting, on 4th. Alay, ' but vory Kittle was done, (states tho. Courier),, it being a' preliminary meeting to'inaugurato a oourse of: action. The chair man pointed out thatithc object of the eom mitteo would bo to discuss the merits of the mining bills about to bo ' introduced to Par liament, and to suggost any amendments or alterations. Alessrs. Croylo and Fincham pointed put that the reduction of mining lease, rents, and in fact; all matters connected with mining reform, should bo discussed ; by' tho committee, which was approved of. Tlio secrotary was instructed to iiivito tlio attend ance, and co-operation of. tho members for Ballarat -West and East, and such of the district members 03 could make it convenient to bo nrciient. " Tbo Batcaford freo library dispute, which has engrossed tho attention of the residents in tho neighborhood for some timo past, will Boon Aako -another; phage. Afr. Edith, tlio initiator |iin«l mueli abused founder of tlio institution, having determined to sdt'bifnsblf right with his neighbors, lias" instructed Air. Guy, his solicitor, to commence an action , at law against Messrs. Madden and Burnoss, tlio damages in oaoh cass being laid at £250, for libel and defamation of oliaraoter. The ease will bb tried at. tho next Gtelong County dourt sittings. Air. - Smith lias furnished tho Government 'with' "Hie names of four gentlemen who are willing to act" as trustees for tho free library, aud when their names aro gazetted ho' will coaso to have any control over the building. -' i ' It is stated that the' Druid has won the Coloraino Great Westorn Steeplechase ; also' that Charley lioss had broken his leg,. and Jemmy— Breen, another jockey, had -also been injured whilo rilling. : The sahool-room at Afalvbrn-hill ' was .crowded, last night by a largo and apprecia tive audience, in consequence of an enter tainment given by tho'Malvern-hill Amateur Heading Club. Tho programme, consisting of vooal and instrumental music, readings, &e.;, was warmly applauded, a song, Alolly Astorc, by Aliss Earl, the' comic singing of Mr. llodforn, tho readings of Messrs.' Anketcll and Pickersgill, and a flute solo by Air. Boom, hOing most admired. The entertainment was concluded by a negro burlesque, in which Alessrs. Handley as Pete, and . Seymour as Jake, kept tlio audience' in continued roars of laughter. Thorewas.au average attenilanco yester day evening at the Appllo Hall. The last exhibition of Thiodou's mechanical and scenic effects will bo given to-day, when tho afternoon and evening performances will 00 i101cl as usual.- lb A tuu lutuutiuu ui Viiu proprietor to proceed ovorlnnd to New South Wales. ' : - At tho Theatre Royal, yesterday evoning, tho programme of tho previous nights was repeated. Mr. Coppinwas, however, unfor tunately unable to take his part in the. per formance, as lio was suffering from an attaok of gout. His place as Wackford Squecrs was filled by Air. G. H, Rogers, and.Ralph Niekleby was taken by another member of tbo company. This evening tho Shakspearian play of Tho Alerchant of V enico is announced for performance, with Air. Howe as Shylock. The. afterpiece will be Nicholas Nickloby, which will bo presonted for the last time. . Thoro was another good houso last night at the Princess Theatre, Der Freisohutz being tho opera represented. The perform ance from beginning to end wa3 most satis factory, and the audience loudly testified their approbation at tho conclusion of each act. To-morrow, the last night of the season, a monster programme is provided, the whole of tho Grand Duchess aud the incantation scene from Dor Freischutz being announced. Next week the Japanese, after a successful Beason in South Australia, will take possession of tho theatre, and their oompany is materially strengthened by the addition of the "Wieland brothers, who will make their first appearanco since their return from India, and Signor Donato, tho one- legged dancer. The prices are also reduced. A concert was given on Friday ovening, at tho local mechanics' institute, Williams- town, which was attended by over 300 persons, for the benefit of the widow and family of the late Air. H. Lord. The various singers acquitted themselves to the satisfac tion of the audience, and after Part I., a nigger farce, tho Four o'Clock Train, was given, which was received with applause. Aliss D wight presided at tho piano. The chair waB ocoupied by Air. Clark, AI.L.A. for tho district. The cessation of opera has beon takon advantago of by concert givorB," no less than three important concerts being an nounced for next week. Tho farewell com plimentary benefit to Air. Horsloy will, of course, bo the event of the week ; and from the way iu which the musical profession and amateurs also havo come forward to render their assistance, . the ; performances will doubtless bo somothinq unusually good. A rehearsal was held on Thursday evening, when Hhe choruses from Euterpe and tho South Sea Sisters wero tried, aud .gave pro- miBoof being very satisfactorily performed, and a second rohcarsal is to take place at the Town Hall on Alonday night. The Philhar monic Societvlia've announced Mondelssohn s Elijah for Thursday night, with an unusually 'strong cast of principals, viz ., Madamo Si- monsen, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Beaumont and Mr. Rainford. Signori Contini and Devoti bid farcwoll to tho Melbourno public on Wednesday next, at the Town Hall, Assisted by Aliss Watson, Miss Bassett, Mr. Horsloy, Mr. Bushelle.tho nephew of tho latoVineent Wallace, the composer, and others. A libe ral programmo of operatic and other selec tions has been prepared, and it is to bo hoped tliey will meet with tho liberal pa tronage they deserve. Heller's wonders, u3 usual, attracted a good attendance yesterday evening. Some extraordinary illusions were presented, which oxcueri Lilu asiiumsuujvuu an. — - -- tho on- lookers. To-night tlio entertaiumcnt will bo repeated, and on. Afonday an entire change of programmo will be given. Tlio Haymarket Theatro was fairly at tended. yesterday evening, whon several novelties were introduced. The song, Put mo in my. Little Bed, was rendered very well by Henry Hallam, and additional point was given to it by. tho scenic .effects and tableaux. Tho violin solo and imitation of tho bagpipe by La Fcnilladc was especially good. Somo laughable farces wero also given, in which Alessrs. Cowan and Weston exerted; themselvos successfully. The pro gramme will bo ropoatcd- to-night., Tho Itev. J. W. Inglis will lecture on Alonday evening,; at John lfiiox Church, on A hey to History.: , . Wu are requested to draw attention to tbo advertisement announcing that tho Rev., B. Back- bouse, the agent of tlio Bible Society, will preach at the East Melbourne Congregational Church to- morrow liiorning, and at the Oxford-street Church 'in, the evening. ; ' AIji. Goi.k, of Heidelberg, 'having' eecurecl a 'rnri"nificijnt doer, has hindly'conscrited,'with'Afr. Wnldockj master oi uio aiciuoiirno .nuuuus, iu give his followers a run this afternoon. Tho meet will'takojpbico at Heidelberg, at two p.m., and tho'dccr Will 1)0 turned out of tho show yards m full' view. : . . Fubmoations Received.— The Christian Re view forAlay, 1871- This "Fresbyterian journal has a good article on City Alt3sion3. Notes of tho Alontli aro well selected, and the news of the ae- .nomination iri fully given! — 27ic Pi'dorian Inde pendent for Atay. Whether: it is- the ehaiigo of editors, or tlio bit of a breezo' that was lately raised about the journal, is the cause or not wo do riot krioW, but in this number thoro N more of vigor thnh has been manifested forsomo time past. Tlio Rev! W. R. Fletcher has forwarded" a lottcr from Honolulu, dosoriptiVo of his voyage so far.' i - ' „ ' The eommitteo of the Friihrrln and South Yarra Benovolont Society earrieatly rcquost tho assistance of tlio charitable public to enable them to carry on their work. Tlieir funds aro at the "presont time almost exhausted, and tho applica tions fori relief in cases of sickness and distress more than usually pressing. ' Any. cvntribntions will be. most 'thankfully received,. and may be scnt cilhorto Mrs. WooldridgO, lion, sec.,' South vt„ . If— t rtun + ow. nrf.?nfr fr/»nattrnr Williain's-road, Prahran'; or Airs. Tolhurst, National | Bank of Australasia, Chapel-street, Praliran.; . . . The honorary treasurer of tho Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution acknowledges the receipt : of the' following eon tri tuitions during April Mrs. Bowler, £1 Is. ; William IVatson anil Sons, £1 Is. ; James Service and Co., £2 2s.; Alallcsdu, England and Stewart, £2 2s. ; Lyoll and Uowan, £1 Is.; Stevenson arid Elliott, £1 Is. ; pro prietors of' tlie'' Artjus, £5 5s. J'" Australian Alorfgago,; Land and Finance Company, '£5 '5s,; Hudson arid Watkins, £1 Is. ; Alston and Brown, £3 3s.; Drilgety,', Blackwood aud . Co., £2 2s.; Whitney, I Chambers and Co.. £2 2s.; Grico, Sumner and Co.-, £2 2s. ; his Honor Judge l'ohl- man, £2.2s.; Shire Council of Mansfield, £2 2s.; Hon. George Uarker, £3 3s.;. Liverpool; London; arid Gloho Insurance Comiiany; £2 2s.; : London chartered: Bank, £10 10c.; ' Edward Cohqn and Oo.,'£l ; Shire Council: of Berwick, £3 Cs. 8 J. ; Shire Council of- Alortlako, £5 ; S.' Dcspard, £1 Executivo; 'Committee on Flood /Damages (per J jiin t )it, 1 chairman), £10; Alahclicster U.I.O.' Oddfellow's, £5 ; coUected'by J. Flyn,' £2 .9.i. Cd.'; collected by Samuel Hughes, £2 18s.— Total, £80 Is. 2d. . The eommitteo of management of tlie Immi grants' Aid Society's Homo for the houseless and destituto held their usual monthly meeting in tho lecture room of: tho . Collins-street Baptist Church. Present : Tho Rev. Georgo Alackio, and Alessrp. Griffiths, Frinco, Curtain, Woolloy, Oliphant, Jack, and Sajco, the latter occupying tho chair. ' 1'ho nuperintendont mado the follow ing .report : — Number remaininig last week, 424; admitted . since, 176 ;' discharged, 286; died, 3; (Henry. .Emctt, aged nineteen years, native of Liverpool,' causa- of death, fever; James Sriiith, aged _fifty.six: -years, native of Somerset, "causo of death, phthisis ; and James Jamieson, aged thirty-two years, nni.ivn of' Limerick, of mralvsisl. .Remain- ing inmates,' 411 porsons, comprising 246 men, 77 women,- rind 88 ohildren. Last.yoar al.tho samo dato' tliefo' were 190 men, 72 ivomeri, anil CS children. | Of tlio mon 105 aro infirm or sick, 7 working outside, "19 rstonebrcaking," rind ' 115 piekiugb!ikum, & a,. Of tho women, 48 aro liair- teasing; 9 employed in the laundry, 1 at needle work, i2 working outside, ; anilY7 sick or infirm. In' out-door .relief 25 families, "or" 118 persons, received provisions on presenting the society's relief carus." 7 " 