THE FAIRLOP OAK. OP all rubbish, literary-antiquarian rubbish ia lihou tho worst. Extraordinary conclusions ara built n upon most insufficient grounds, copied into book: and accepted cs docided Gospel Being a'nativo i. Wnpping, I supposa I may bo allowed to know oomf thing about tho history of that celebrated place, an I may perhaps bo excused by Monsieur tho .F/tinru if I venturo to "ffirm thai ho 1,-nowi nothing what ever about that interesting locality, and that hi ir.formulion respelling that, plensant placé is confine: to thoso lines about ri " bucca box," familia: to mo>t renders. And how on earth hus hu manag»* to connect Pairlop Fair, beans, bacon, Rr.d boats with Queen Elizabeth and tho Spanish Armada, o tho historical oaks referred to in tho Town am Country Journal by a writer who docs know some thing about it? Mr. Flaneur'« historical boa: won't do ; and, ns I said beforo, ho is quito ignoran about thu whole business. Why, I used to go dowr tho Milo-ond-roid, nearly forty years ago, tc seo tho boats come in, and all up anti down on both sides of tho road, from th< Red Lion, opposito tho hospital, down to Stratford Church, was lined with people, and at every roadaidr public, from the Blind Beggar to Bow Church, th: seats were crowded with Eist Londoners, who attached as mue.h importanco to this annual ceremony as a Mecca pilgrim. Long pipes, shag tobacco, und beer in pewter, were the refreshments in vogue, and on tho intorior bottom of tho drinking pots wus stamped thc nnmo of one " Grimes,"-and may poaco attend his ashes, if there's any left, for many and many a time hus my oyo rested on his fumiliur name while tho ambrosial draught, tho industrial product of Bircluy and Perkins, hits washed down tho impal- pable dust of tho road on a Fairlop night. Success to Dahiol Day and nil his successors, say I, and may the estimable block and pump mukor live for ever in tho momory of all thoso who love the traditions of Wapping. Tho Duke of Albemarlo went ,to my favourito " High-street" to quell nn insurrection among tho British seamen, in tho year 1GGG. Jack couldn't got his pay from- the Admiralty, and old Secretary Pepys was awfully short of cash. W.oll, Poll and her partner .Too rebelled, thora was a regular shindy, and what, dirt thoy do to tho Duke when ho went down ? Why, the)' gave him, not a beating-no, bnt. a something named uftor tho locality - a Wapping. There, Mr. Flunour, beat that if you can, and twopence, for your story about tho Arminia. Andas to unythin- of a politic il character about Puirlop, it's »ll nonaoriHo. Englishmen in England nnvor mix up politics with enjoyment ; they never allow sect, creed, or party to influence good fellow nhip. Dr. Wilson, ai you call him, wouldn't stand tho ghost of a chunco down Whitechapel way. He couldn't, if ho triod, muka uso of any society for his own purposes. Fairlop incant fun in ray time; it meant good humour, and nil tho fun of the fair for a peuny. It incant going down in a wan, and twopence half- penny a week for over so long, ns a subîrripfion beforehand. It meant dancing on tho grech, . reBh springing grans, in n stylo now becoming fashionable in burlesques on tho stngo ; mid on tho road homo it ' meant bluo lights, I:oman candles, and sometimes blue-bottles. It was a stmplo East End carnival, j when for once in a year toil and penury wero for- gotten, and thousands wended their way to Fair- lop, some by way of Lua Bridgo. What tho deuce does tho Fluneur know about Lea Bridgo, and tho boats always down tbe Milo-ond-road through that horrible gato, now a thing of tho past except in the cherished recollection of thoso who enjoyed, fun - pure, honest fun P Can you show any- thing of tho sort out hero P Why you can't have n day's pleasuro without being ticketed with some prcoious society under tho protection of a Saint Mumbo, or a living Jumbo ; and you enjoy your- selves liko undortakorB on duty, all afraid of oaoh othor, and ufinid of what Mr. Somebody will say about Mrs. Nobody. I am sorry tho Fairlop Oak ÍB down ; .tho greatness of England is bound up in such things. Bartlemy Fair is done ; Stepney Fair is built out ; Greenwich Fair, with Bichardfor's Show and Wombwell's Mcnagorie, all passed away ; but you can still run down tho hill for oranges, and play at kiss-in-the-ring in the park, although there is very | little of Blackheath loft now for donkoy riding. I, had no idea I could spin -such a yarn ; but tho subject is ono I do not readily tiro of. Serioiuly, now, what is to take tho placo of tho people's sportj f You know tho Ologics wont do-that's bein tried. Yea may chop down Fairlop oaks, and do away with Fairlop Sundays. You open your museums- technological, floxoîogical, or botherological-and after all tho people won't have your isms. They want an outing, and whether Fairlop commenced with tho Armada, or whether tho destruction, of tho bravo old oak was tho work, of tho Preventing-your-being.happy-onca-a-woek Society, it don't much matter,-out the people must go. And if ever I return to old England, I'll go to Hampton Court ina iran, in spite of all tho respecta- bilities, and run all tho breath out of mo chasing I pretty girls through tho maze; and so witild any other true COCKNEY. 