Scientific. A New Electrical Theory.— M. Becquerel has just communicated to the Academy of Science in Pans a new hypothesis concerning the origin of atmospheric electricity. In his opinion, its source resides in the sim, which, according to the recent discoveries of Norman Lockyer, is surrounded by an immense envelope of hydrogen which, being mixed up with a rvincidArnViln nrnnnrtfnn nf wdtprv vannnr. in lhAMfnrA' positively electrified. This communicates its fluid to the. whole mass of ethereal substance which fills the interplane tary spaces, and thence to our atmosphere. But asihe latter is a bad conductor, the consequence is, according to our ? | author, that the upper strata of air must be saturated with, positive electricity. Here, says a French journal, we pause to ask what evidence he haB, in the first place, for the exist ence of this ethereal substance; and, secondly, of itscon ductibility ? M. Becquerel does not think it necessary to stop at such details, but seeks to establish his theory by various arguments, such as, for instance, the fact that in [ vacuo an electric liquid evaporates more rapidly than when not in that state ; and that an aurora-borealis is accom panied by a noise which he finds to be exactly the same as that produced by an electric spark. Spectres on the Stage.— The old way, in theatrical representations, of making a living man play the ghost, as is done in ' Hamlet,' has always something absurd about it, and many ingenious expedients have been resorted to in order to throw on the stage a filmy, shadowy figure, that, moving naturally, would better give the idea of a disem bodied spirit. Perhaps the most ingenious of these is that introduced on the French stage by Robin. In this case an immense plate-glass, highly polished, is placed in front of the stage, inclining outward at an angle of forty-five degrees, and just on the edge of an opening in the floor. The actor who plays the ghost stands below, nearer to the audience, dressed in white, and facing the rear of the theatre. An operator then throwB on him the light of a dark lantern supplied with oxyhydrogen gas. The reflec tion is at once thrown on the polished glass, and appears behind it on the stage, moving as he moves, and disappears in an instant when the light is cut off. Caution in the Use of Chloral. — A writer in the Lancet^ gives an account of his extreme use of chloraL He had tried aU other hypnotics, but found them either in effectual to produce sleep or followed by injurious effects. But cbleral succeeded admirably, and he enjoyed the great luxury of sleep. Soon, however, he found that his dose of twenty grains was insufficient. One night he took a draohm at 11, but awoke hot and restless at 1. He took another dose of the solution without lighting a lamp, and soon after, when in quite a Btupid condition, yet a third large deBe. He then sank to sleep immediately, andslept till lOo'elock, when he was awakened with difficulty. A servant had entered the room at 6 and found him snoring loudly. On attempt ing to rise he found that he had no control over his legs from his knees down, and could not dress or walk without the aid of his servant. The rest of the body he had the use of. After a hearty breakfast, the unsteadiness gra dually wore off. On measuring the bottle, he found to his astonishment that he had taken, between 11 and 2 o'clock, seven drachms of chloral. A similar blunder with any other narcotic would have produced death. We hear of a case where chloral was given to produce anaesthesia in a surgical operation, after which recovery was much less satisfactory than after chloroform. 