THE TRAVELLER. OVER THE PALLS AST) OUT OS THE OCEAN. BEING AN ACCOUNT OF SOKE DANGEROUS EX PEDITIONS IN A ROB ROY CANOE, IN N.Z., IN SEABCH OF GOLD. By F. R. G. S. (CONTINUED.) . wiping tbe salt water irom my race ana eyes, I now looked seaward to see how my friend who liked seeing "what getting drowned looked like," fared. He was still where I bad left him, apparently uncertain whether I had been fished oat alive or not, so I separated myself from the rest, and getting on a higher bank, waved the canoe sail ana mast for him to see. Directly he saw it I marked by the regular alternate flash, in tbe now fitful sunlight, of the broad blades of his paddle, that he had started, and was coming slowly towards tbe breakers, looking whero to come through. It bad not appeared to me. coming in, as having anything particu larly dangerous abont it, but it looked rather ticklish when you watched another. As each heavy undulation tossed him upon its, as yet. smooth surfaoe, up rose bis arms, holding the paddle aloft, as I had done, to prevent its being twisted from his hands. Mid looking for all the world as if be were sitting on nothing, for the canoe being end-on, was scarcely to be seen at alL Now, he has reached the outer surf linei, and we all ran in qp to our knees to catch hud of him and the canoe, for we know that he will be here directly. Swiftly the roller bears him bravely along. His paddle flashes like lightning, ana be oomes in almost to our feet,laaps out, falls down on the quicksand, is n& gaddlem fist, and rashes past as, whilewe ran the o&noe; wellnp, and out of reach, just as one thundering roller comes roaring in. which, bad it canght him, would undoubtedly hare overwhelmed him, and suoked him bade. { I heard that 'boo/mat coming r oooUy remarked Tom, as he eat on a huge log half imbedded in the sand, and Rpirirm foM'ead ; "so I th mght it mi^ht be as well to iu<il<e haste !" Th»-n wr- turned round, and had time to noiici*. addition to our party This was cauhcd by i wo great black-bearded, rounli lmtidt-d, digger-looking customers, attended h\ two beautiful, large brindled mastiffs, .whose scored coats were marked by many a ravage rip and bite, which showed their prowess in not a few well-contested and glorious pig bunts. As their masters were busy just now inspecting the canoes, and handling them w<->nderingly and tenderly, we learned that they were two neighbours (only 12 miles oft) who bad a small station between them, and occasionally rode over for a change. Finding that tbey were both bachelors, and that one was the younger brother of an earl, and the other a man who had " taken honours" at Cambridge, I fancied I saw the change that one, or perhaps both, came over for. They were fine handsome fellows, bat it was not until they dropped their rough exteriors, in the presence of the ladies, that they appeared in their true colours, as polished gentlemen and men of the world. But we had to change our wet garments, and we were now, owing to the squall, both cold and hungry, and I think all tour of our hostess's guests did justice to her hospitable board on that occasion. I know I did for one. There were, of course, lots of comments on onr little recent escapade, and perhaps (as it happened) rather narrow escape, for it seems that the ladies had watched us from the house, but we torned the conversation into a new channel by praising the beautiful hounds of the stranger?. That led on to pig-hunts, and various bush topics of danger and adventure. After dinner we retired to the ample veran dah to watch the magnificent sight now afforded by the whole bay being lashed into fury by the fierce wind that had so quickly sprung up. No canoe could live out there now, and we were thankful we had got in when we did. Thunder rolled and lightning flashed, and several small craft came hurrying round the point like sea birds, glad to get out of the violence of the storm, and letting go both their anchors, folded their wings. (N.B. Furled their sails.) But quick and sharp as it had come upon us, the wind chopped round in less than an hour to the opposite quarter, and as it took the dark clouds away with it, at sundown the sky was clear, and the air quiet once more. Several of the little craft had already got up their anchors, and had beaten out again; and though heavy rollers still came following one another inshore, they were hourly decreasing in size and strength. This sort of weather is very prevalent on the New Zealand coast, but any one who possesses a good barometer can always take precautions. Meanwhile, we four strangers and two gen tlemen hosts smoked our pipes, and discussed of things in general and pig-hunting in par ticular. It was on this occasion that I first heard the since celebrated story (at least, in Nelson and Marlborough provinces) of "The j White Pig." We were sitting lazily puffing out I the smoke, which hung in blue wreaths till it got clear of the shelter of the verandah, when it whirled away in a sadden eddy as the out side wind caught it, and were watching the remaining schooners slowly hoisting up sail after sail, while the dink, clink of their weighing their anchors came faintly np from the sea. I had just been telling them how, three years previously, I had been treed on my .own run by a boar, when I had neither i gun nor knife with me, and only an old sheep dog, and how at last, after getting tired of waiting foT me to come down from the fuchsia tree in which I had taken refuge, he at last trotted off, to my great relief and comfort, when one of our entertainers asked the hon. squatter on his left hand, ' What's this yarn the Germans over Riwaka way have got hold of, about a white pig that isn't a pig at all ?" "Well," replied his neighbour, " I can only tell it as I heard it from old Schenck himself a few days ago. It seems that it was the regular thing for certain parties of young men to assemble every fine Sunday morning to go piR- hunting instead of going to church. It was in vain old Schneider, their pastor, lectured them about it; it was ' no go;' and to make mafctera woree, they always seemed to have better lock than anyone else who went out on a Weekday, so there was a good chance ralise^*Sowhaufoes Schneiderdo^buttwo Sundays sinc& when he got up into the pulpit, he gavehis flock a regular brimstone sermon, particularly alluding to the sin of pig-hunting, on the Sunday, and declaring that if persisted in sbme dreadful judgment would surely fall upon the offenders. Of coarse, oar friends, bang duly informed of the old gentleman's discourse, and being urgently presied by all the old women (male and female) in the village' not to tempt Providence again, went offearly last Sunday as usual, a party of five, wiQrfbe dogs tiiejalways took with them, and were away until abont 4 o'clock in the after noon, when tbey returned, not only minus tViftir usual sport, bat" with scared white faoes, and their hats, coats, and guns. Moreover theirfopj^Qgs bad whimper ing home balfan hour before ahem, it was some Bine bebxreliieir story coold begot oat of them, and then it came «?ut in nervous, SRStttS &±;3S£US in high spirits, saying thai the old man's ser mon had been caused by his never having received « pig from them as a present* and promising themselves' that he should have the youngest and best of that day's sport. Well, the day was unusually hot and oppres sive,.and tbey (contrary to their usual luck) had no mort at alLThe very dogs followed lazuyat their faeels, with their tongues lolling outof tbelr mouths j and not the ghost of a pig 4fd they see. Stop! I was almost too fast tfcere. Not a p«, we'll say, did they set ey^»Oti cmtU,4iaving walked far, about mid day $hey took- their- sausages, oat of their noi&ats;, -«nd<la?<dowri in the shade of tbe t -<by-« tfttto 'Stnlun ior dinner, hanging hiltdoptB {f0U'0bserve) ov6r the bough tree, wifr-tbeir powder-horns, and ' Maori w Ibe gnssi < Their «n-habUy were'close beadeeach of. 'Tbeybad nearly-fiuuhed their short me«l,*ud w«re thinking about toaking a start .~^te<jhopes^<M>ort,(wfe8n their four dogs, *' '* HOj&<and «owerfng into a lookinginione direction>: Is itfrning suddenly round, r amazement, standiog right h^h^j9^fenlyig>rol^froni j >nld jBOoner^mop off hi* 'They look-opon them , . . ..... ... ^ iafr;... . m S heirUe-:! ,'eabh man! . dogdrthooghtstannctL this opportunity; thr one .'combined yell, - ore fouria *bem iTBBiieft>ffi>ati|»6me;;Onb-ofi "' TObk^dtobe *ha; ()*,:fir«djand misled. was just on the point of letting lly. when his pigship (who all this time had remained like a statue, just as they had first set eyes on him), evidently perceiving that his^mission did not appear to be understood, began to prepare to make his opponents satiaaea ot aw 'Spiritual' capacity, by suddenly growing larger aud larger, until he appeared to nay reached the size of a bullock. ^e,^°)av> doubtless, in time, have attained to that 01 an elephant, had they waited to see-but tuey didn't. With hair erect, and eyes starting out of their head*, they ran as they never had run before, nor did one of them dare to looK behind him (ill he was several miles away from the awful sight. There, you have the yarn as it was told me, and I daresay, if the truth is known, they are now malting up their minds to go religiously to church next SU"Ba^!" said one of our entertainers, "who ever heard of the ghost of a pig ? Ti sausages must have affected their German consciences." . . , "j. " Still," continued our informer, how ao you account for the dogs ? Now, to fills'1 yarn. The whole village, beaded by old Schneider on horseback, turned out next day in fear and trembling, and made a pilgrimage to the spot. _ Our conscience stricken friends followed in the rear, qaiCe prepared for another bolt, and all the cars ind dogs belonging to all of them came too. including the aforesaid dogs of Sunday. A" the other dogs went right to the spot; not so our four original four-footed friends; they stopped of their own accord some distance off, and seeing that no amount of coaxing could get them an inch further, our five bipeds concluded to stay with them, ine rest, beaded by the pastor, went on, and found all has bad been represented, except the pig: he or she was nowhere to be found. There were the four discharged guns and tne loaded one lying, all pointed in one direction, on the sward; there the remains of their sausage skins, showing where each had sat; there were their coats and powder-horns hung up just as they had described; and there were their respective hats, apparently thrown down quite carelessly. But that " rara avis in terra that is commonly reputed to be such an unlikely bird for flying, the celebrated white pie, was a vision of the past. ay, although old Schneider (the pluckiest of the lot) looked everywhere for the tracks of so colossal an animal, none could be found. Seeing this, our five friends came down (not so the dogs) and showed the exact spot where the awful apparition had appeared, but even they could find no marks on the rivulet-sand. However, they have all sworn on the Bible to the truth of their history, and it is strange how five men coul d be all convinced so thoroughly about what they saw, if it were all fancy: and stranger still was the conduct of their dogs, even on the second day." " Here the cry of " Tea ! put a temporary end to our wonders and surmises, and m we all trooped. ?? . Many and grievous were the ghost stories that that unlucky pig gave rise to that evening when, as it was chilly after the squall, we all sat round the Mazing logs. Haunted houses, murders, appearances, spirit-rapping and table turning all hadtbeirshare intbecopveraation; and when at last one of the young ladies pluckily proposed we should try the latter; onr feelings were strung up to such a pitch that we felt that, if necessary, we could turn a house. So behold us sitting solemnly round the massive old table, with hands touching, in the fitful glimmering of the logs, and in silence. We must have made a picturesque group, with the handsome old hostess at the ' foot of the table, surrounded by her daughters , and sons and flanked by us, with the light J sometimes spurting up in a weird and ghost like manner, and at others sinking back into semi-twilight. However, whether the spirtts present were not sufficiently over proof to lift the huge bush-made old table or not, I do, not know. All I know is that it steadily refused to budge an insh, so we all, after, a time, voted it a " bore," and preferred pau^vc. Then we h&d; '* An Nonible Tale1 and * Tftfl Sands o' Dee"-still harping, yam see, .upon violent deaths and drowned people-till we retired to rest, when I dreamt that I was washed back into the sea by the back-water of a roller, and hotly panned by . shark, which quickly turned to a ghostly pig, with eyes as big as saucers, and which finally can me under the old kitchen table. When we arose next morning the guests .of the previous day had taken their departure, and after breakfast, Tom, accompanied by the two brothers and their dogs ana fans, saun tered off, as they said, to beat the bosh for a pig, and I strolled out with one of the daugh ters' double-bands, to shoot pigeons-if I could, well knowing how I should get laughed at if I came back at dinnertime without any. To improve my shooting powers and eyesight I first, as I parsed through the orchard, sur feited myself with peaches and apricots, and the inBtant l left the orchard X let fly both barrels at -fe piece of dead bark which I mistook for a pigeon. I then sat down and had a Btnoke, ana. laminated how it was that some men shoot so well and others not at all, and bow it was that I could always aim well with a pistolbut never with a gun. Suddenly I started to my feet, as I could almost swear I saw something white, anyhow, amongst the scrub, and thoughts of the pig came before me. "I'll be able to send a charge of ahot into him, perhaps," thought I; " I believe. I could hit a haystack, alter a little pifcctica." So I put a double charge of shot, into both barrels. I didn't Bee the white thing now. but J. fancied I heard a ghostly chuckle. I didn't quite like it, but I .knew it wa» Satur day and not Sunday, and went slowly on. There is a pigeon, surely. Yes| well^here goes^ Ban^l and down comespigeon of shot "iMowit! I shall haveto take this , thing borne inpieces; it's already pooked, and atufled bang JEull of shot, V£Ui h& j,Ml fouled , vo|ce Iknew.wae^npt an ecljo. ^J iud^not . Jdtohen."8 Tp m 'anft4he pig-huntera /moat £9 *WWM mjMM.faMft.Jt> W#b & the bush, if not more. : ] 1' Bother,'' thought I ;and the sweat began ; toaoll off^yiorehtod. Iwishedl had brought . mybrandyflaskwithme. ;Hbwever, I double , cbatged tha barrels^gaiij, «nd hegan to walk ? i" i^esaimqiiite diitinctly, Jut this time apparentlylar hack on thetrack hadco6>&» r 5a <-:-U< ,; ('Jiang it," thought J,retreat cut off, eh S t Mfcst-;tar*>eofc"Mcm&tot;, if thew are,»ny « " "J ^iarluNdiWHin' . nable »efraeflaad«Sa|e«r arm« agV* ? ? iff^.stiUdbuthier Jaws of the beast as it stood quite still, and I could see its eyes, unusually large and bright for a pig's, flashing in the sunlight. "Here's a jolly go," thought I, " the cursed brute's going to rush me. I'll gat ripped up. Here (toes !" So, to take a steady aim, I was just dropping on one knee to fire, when a horrible snort seemed to come from the beast, and its eyes flashed as I moved. Terror stricken, I lec off both. barreU at once whether at the pig or not I didn't know, for as I was half kneeling, and off my balance, the recoil of the two overloaded barrel* knocked me on my back. Away went the gun, and up flew my legs in the air. I gave myself up for lost. " Better to have been drowned comfortably yesterday than be eaten by a supernatural pis: to day," passed hastily through my brain as I heard a rustling in th« grass. Finding, after a minute had expired, that the animal did not make its rash, I sat upright and looked. Could I believe my eyes? The pig was gone ! He could not have gone up the side of the perpendicular cliff on the one side, nor leapt down 20 feet into the foaming hill-stream on the other, for I should have heard the splash, and looking down, I saw the bank was perpendicular too. Ahead of me, this narrow path ran for more than 100 yards, and he was not on that. I began to think that there really must have been some thing uncanny about it all, and^ commenced a kind of hurried self- examination of ajl my recently committed sins, wondering which of them was sufficiently bad to cause me to be haunted in this manner. However, I fancied it would be safer to get nearer home, in the meantime, before his pigship had time to put in a second appearance; so, gathering my scattered brains together, I picked up the only trophy I could show, the equally scat tered pigeon, and my gun, and commenced a hurried stampede from the spot, in the direction of the house, when another horrid " Ha! ha ! ha!" in Mephistophelian accents fell upon my ears from the rear. I was despe rate then. Ifelt more angry than afraid, and I turned back, determined to find out this mystery. I placed my gun against the cliff, and deliberately walked back to where I had seen the pig, looking above, below, and on each side without seeing any thing, until, as a last thought, I lay down on my face ou the track, and looked over the edge down on the river. Horror of horrors' A. great white pig's head projected from the bare watL " D it!" I exclaimed at last, in despera tion, " this accursed place is bristling with pigs. I won't eat pork again as long as I live." "Oh yes, you will, old cock," replied the familiar voice of Thomas, as his grinning face suddenly appeared close to mine, apparently out of the solid, steep cliff. "Give us a helping hand, if you are'nt in too great a funk. Ha! ha! ba!" and his horrid laughter was repeated by subterranean echoes just below my feet till I almost thought he must have been the devil, and bad attendant imp* at hand ; and so he bad, for the next of his imps that was banded up was the whitewashed skin of a huge old sow, stuffed with straw, and a half-crown piece carefully inserted in each eyelet bole, which 'was followed by our two young hosts, who could hardly scramble up on to the pathway for laughing, and there they sat, the three of tbem. laughing as if their sides would split, while I explored, with rage and indignation at my heart, the c*ve underneath the rocky bank from which they had just emerged. Seeing Ifelt annoyed, they soon checked their mirth, and proceeded to give me an account of their (disagreeably suc cessful) practical joke. "Oh. old fellow.">aid:Tom, with the tears still streaming down his laughing cheek;, " it has been rare old sport; yon would have richly enjoyed it yourself, if you had been with us!" (I here thought of there being some little difference of opinion, perhaps, between the animal hunted and those who hunt; but I said nothing'} "Ob, it was glorious, "remarked the younger brother, "the way in whieb. after we bad set the bait, Tom lured you right back to it with laughs-Ha !ha!" I looked daggers at Tom, which nearly sent him off into fits again. " Yes," said the elder, " but we didn't cal culate on each a stroke of lock as you knock* ing yourself over with your own giro, so that we had time to haul the pig off the track and down into the cave before you got op." Here they went off again, and despair filled my breast. 'Here had I been befooled by as fiimple a trick as ever caught a flat The story, to cat it short, was simply this: After tli ey had seen me stroll into the orchard with my gun, they bad started with the fall intention of lookingfor a wild pig. Passing one of tbe yards, Tom observed a rudely stuffed pigskin,' with wooden legs, resting again sta fence, wad on inquiry fonnd that it had been used formerly as a mark for rifle practice, sod had once been whitewashed, to make-it' a better object " What a chanra," said Tom, two" of sucking in my mate." The ly grasped at the Idea. The 'up, and the pig #0011 had 4 fre^ coat of whitewash, and was conv^ed to the ua&.t9 «riif& Itos tobefoveigledto Stum. just over the little cave that the otbera lu^ 'Dt Tying a bit of flax to it (the bight of which they took down to the cave with them), the two brothers ensconced. themselves in their fireproof pit to watch the fan, while Tom went in search of me, and sighted ine Jnstas I had shot the pigeon, and first attracted my attention with * white pooket-hand kerchief. How he ledmeback die reader kno«& and also bow, when he had seen me pretty caoee, he plunged'down into the cave w avoid being phot himself. ' Indeed," ren . . "that was the only Ittarlhi ras Thomu, Yon. npe sooften, unintentionally. with tbatJLnfi gfrip of yours sfateof.perspi tpa and when J^me Besides, there waint tooqi ife had#-)mveJ){sA9ad yon found *>*. itoil yon' you kept me irijK n.^ It waa^niteai fe knew . ^ l&ugbipg;, we *l.. »erp{ &pd;£9 we *90* imm .top, _ ;aopt twe $j§i ? ,.-J)id his it l». iMing; g»#bOW.Wj4llM6l^W^^I?;; I selp joining them my§< &ewtlm;#an tofmm ^ $11 tbetimeijnwftidly,vowing tiise.wpn Tow, jbba otirfi lout and snpporte Dnofrthes^QW offo> ghof jfeofy, lit id & it rolg&M;^ve t$mpofl|rJ |y ^ osPftfeMi jowe hwnWe senrj ,»nly<h*yenjp$ed0 " a«niwe),f«nds( to.keen n^HfdpliM" " JMl A# m' I'WIP irest ven ~ «Pif7 coming on < 'm & ppou 'fifty#1 s thought of letting them get home while I stopped back a bit, and, when they were out of sight, to rash to the beach and be off in one canoe, loading it with all the necessaries for one man, leaving Tom to follow how and wben he liked. Still, on second thoughts (as this would enhance the fan, and be the climax to the joke), I bravely determined to "stand fire," and reserve my vengeance on the faithless Thomas for & futute time. So we all went back, the two brothers carrying the effigy of the pig, and Tom following, chanting the " Dead March in Saul," while I broaght up the rear, still sticking carefully to the mutilated remains of my pigeon. We reached the house late for dinner, and they all came out to see what sport we had had. What sport 1 1 draw a veil over the hideous scene that followed. The god of laughter surely must have fairly infested that house after wards. When at tea I asked for some more sugar, or a piece of bread, the whole family were in convulsions; the bare sound'of my voice alone was quite enough for them. No matter how commonplace the observation, they couldn't keep from laughing. In fact^ our kind old hostess, shocked to see my feel ines so trampled on, in vain tried to turn the conversation; and when at last she tried to make tne an abject apology on behalf of her self and family, and fairly broke down in the middle, convulsed with laughter herself, it was the most amusing part of the lot. How the ladies escaped hysterics I don't know. I rather fancy they had a mild form of them all the evening, alternately laughing and crying. And all over such a very stupid practical joke -at leas£ I thought so at the time. However that may be, depend upon it it hadn't lost anything in the telling. It was quite a relief when our chamber candlesticks appeared, and they all laughed themselves off into their respective bedrooms, but I could for an hour afterwards hear distant explosions at inter vals, that told how the " pig " was still taking effect. " May every future morsel of pork they eat disagree with them !" was my most fervent wish as I went off to sleep at last. So endeth the "Story of the Pig." Next day was Sunday, and Tom and the boys rode off 10 miles to church, and returned to a 3 o'clock dinner. I dozed away the morning with a book under the trees in the orchard, and ate peaches at intervals. The laughter was over, and we were all the best of friends again. I partially, also, redeemed my character, by shooting a large sparrowhawk that was making off with a chicken in his claws. During the afternoon, Tom and I carefully stowed the canvas, for we had de termined, in spite of repeated pressings to stay, to make a start after tea, and camp some distance away. Accordingly, after a late tea, we both bade adieu to our kind and very hospitable entertainers, and shoving off into a sea like glass, we paddled away in the moonlight, and were at last fairly off, " Out on the Ocean 3" Oh, the splendid sensation of freedom one has when, out and away from the dwelling? and haunts of men, alone with nature and wild birds, he " paddles his own canoe!" We went up a large inlet, called Awaroa Harbour, some miles from our friends' run, and when about five miles up it we went on shore, about 10 o'clock p.m., and hanging the fly of our tent temporarily over the boujeh of a tree, we jay down in the warm night on our 'possam, intending to make an early start round Abel Head next' morning, and paddle as far as Tonga Bay before breakfast. 