THE COVETOUS FERRYMAN OF LONDON BRIDGE. In a singularly curious, although probably fabulous tract, the building of St. Mary Overie's Church, in Southwark, and of the first London Bridge, is attributed to the daughter of John Overs, who rented of the city a ferry across the Thames at this spot, and thus grew rich, by which means his daughter was enabled to construct the church and the bridge, whilst Overs lost his life by his own covetousness. Though he kept several servants and apprentices, he was of so parsimonious a soul, that notwithstanding he possessed an estate equal to that of the best aldermen of London, acquired by un- ceasing labor, frugality, and industry, yet his habit and dwelling were both strangely ex pressive of the most miserable poverty. He had an only daughter, "of a beautiful as- pect," says the tract, " and a pious disposition; whom he had care to see well and liberally educated, though at the cheapest rate; and yet so that when she grew ripe and mature for marriage, he would suffer no man of what condition or quality soever, by his goodwill, to have any sight of her, much less access to her." A young gallant, however, who seems to have thought more of being the ferryman's heir than his son-in-law, took the opportu nity, while he was engaged at the ferry, to be admitted into her company. " The first interview," says the story, " pleased well; the second better: the third concluded the match between them." In all this long interval, the poor silly rich old ferryman, not dreaming of any such passages, but think ing all things to be as secure by land as he knew they were by water," continued' his former wretched and penurious course of life. To j save the expense of one day's food in his family, he formed a scheme to feign himself dead for twenty four hours, in the vain ex- pectation that his servants would, out of pro- priety, fast until after his funeral. Having procured his daughter to consent to this plot, even against her better nature, he was put into a sheet, and stretched out in his cham ber, having one taper burning at his head and another at his feet, according to the cus tom of the time. When, however, his ser vants were informed of his decease, instead of lamenting they were overjoyed, and having danced round the body they broke open his larder, and fell to banqueting. The ferry- man bore all this as long and as much like a dead man as he was able, "but when he could endure it no longer," says the tract, "stirring and struggling in his sheet like a ghost with a candle in each hand, he pur- posed to rise up and rate them for their sauci- ness and boldness; when one of them, thinking that the devil was about to rise in his likeness, being in a great amaze, catched hold of the butt-end of a broken oar which was in the chamber, and being a sturdy knave, thinking to kill the devil at the first blow, actually struck out his brains." It is added that the servant was acquitted, and the ferryman made accessory and cause of his own death. The estate of Overs then fell to his daughter, and her lover, hearing of it, hastened up from the country; but in riding post his horse stumbled, and he broke his neck on the highway. The young heiress was almost distracted at these events, and was recalled to her faculties only by having to provide for her father's interment; for he was not permitted to have Christian burial, being considered as an excommunicated man on account of his ex tortions, usury, and truly miserable life. The friars of Bermondsoy Abbey were, however, prevailed upon by money, their abbot being then away, to give a little earth to the remains of the wretched ferryman. But upon the abbot's return, observing a grave which had recently been covered, and learning who lay there, he was not only angry with his monks for having done such an injury to the Church for the sake of gain, but he also had the body taken up again, laid on the back of his own ass, and turning the animal out of the abbey gates, desired of God that he might carry him to some place where he best de- served to be buried. The ass proceeded with a gentle and solemn pace through Kent-street, and along the highway to the small pond once called St. Thomas-a-Waterings, then the common place of execution, and shook off the ferrysman's body directly under the gibbet, wbere it was put into the ground without any kind of ceremony. Mary Overs, extremely distressed by such a boast of troubles and desirous to be free from the numerous suitors for her hand and fortune, resolved to retire into a cloister, which she shortly after- wards did, having first provided for the build- ing of tho oluroh of St. Mary Overie, which commemorates her name.-"Abbeys, Castles, and Ancient Halls of England and Wales." By John T'imbs. 