SUMMARY OF NEWS. The Willunga Flax-mill Company is being wound up. Several small stacks of flax belonging to the company were burned tlio other day. t , Hewitt, Harris, and Bird won all the prizes at tlio Easter sports at the Spit, New Zealand. Potatoes are now being hawked about tlio "Western District of Victoria at 15s. per ton. At Port Fairy and Warrnam liool they are hardly worth the labor of digging. . We learn, soys the Argus, that the last mail -brought letters from Mr. Frederick "Wright, who occupied, the position of manager of the National Bank, which explain the present position of Mr. Wright in regard to the bunk. At the meeting of the bank helrl in November last, the chairman off the bank, as will be reinem berod, replying to a question, said that the London directors.had objected to the appointment of Mr. "Wright to the ma-' nagtfment of the London office. Later information shows that at the time that the London directors, protested against the appointment of Mr. Wright, Mr. Muttlebury, one of thomselves, was an applicant for the post. The' matter was referred by Mr. Wright to the head office in Melbourne, and, the case having been duly considered, it was decided to revoke Mr. Wright's appointment. At the same, time it. was hinted that compensation .would be made to him. Subsequently it came to the knowledge of Mr. Wriglit that the ohairman of the bank .had chai'ged lirim with opnCealing the stafe of the bank's affairs from the dircfctprH. Ho,, ?wrote an indignant denial of this state inent to the Melbourne direcfors,:and demanded on inquiry into the truth .of the icharge. It now appoars that, smarting under this.trealjbient, Mr.. Wright refuses allcpmpromise, anddeterminos to seek address Vi some otu^tn^riner.' The nidiY also brings news th^t the bank has gainod n verdict in the Edinburgh law courts for £6,000, which will go to reduce the debts written 'off as bad, and"whioh it is hoped the former estimate. A Doctor Robinson, wlio for,years wan dered about; the; Rhine, Talunga, and Onkaparinga districts with no very cor. /tain plaeo of. abode, has, after a hard life, mot with death under circumstances rather gloomy,. Tho poor fellow, who has been his own , worst enemy, was liked by.many, for lying under a rough exterior there was a kind heart. He was at times generous to a fault, and often his services were given without the least hope of reward; His skill was often praised, and certainly lie has, even when ia his cups, marvellously; lessened pain and battled with disease, especially among the poor, but not theso alone. Numbers of the oompiarativelv well-to-do had faith, in his knowledge,of medioine and judg ment in applying remedies, Of course ho was riot in regular practice, so irregu lar were his habits. One of the " charac ters" ,of the lull districts. has gone," and not a tew will deplore the untimely and sad end of a.strango career. On Friday night, as had unfortunately too bften been the case beforerRobinson was locked up by the Mount Pleasant police for being drunk. * Next morning at 7 o'clock Corporal Birrell visited the o.ejl, where he found the prisoner suffering much, from the .effects of intoxication, Some time later the officor went into the yard, and not hearing the doctor breathing, opened the door of tlio lock-up, and. saw that lie was very, ill,, . Madioal help was got, but it w,as,hopeless, and the patient soon died. An incjuest was held on Sun day, and a verdict of death from apo plexy returned.-r-/?e(7Mte}\ Telegraphio advices report squally weather and heavy'rain in New South, Wales, accompamcd with great loss of property. During Saturday night the rain came down in torrents,, and although it moderated yesterday morning, there was a succession of heavy showers throughout the day. ' Towards evening the wind shifted, and .throughout the night it1 was blowing a heavy gale, accompanied bv ^ steady rail). Over 11 inches have fallen since Wednesday night. The Pioneer, and Amu eoal-laden, and bound for Melbourne, have put into this ,port for shelter. The qteamer Saxonia was seen yesterday anohored off Terrrgal, and iri .distress.. The hulLwas strained, and leaking badly, while the pumps were choked, ana the fires quenched. The Government steamer Thetin and a tug steamer from Newcastle went to her assistance last night before tho worst of the gale commenced. The disabled vessel managod to get into Broken Bay, where the crew succeeded in keeping tho water under by means of buckets. The South Creek and River Hawkesbury have been flooded, and the residents on the low- lying lands were rescued by boats. A good deal of property and much -of the youn& wheat crop have been destroyed. It is ^ti'll raining, and all business is at a standstill. Maize has advanced. A draper's assistant, named Chamber lain, who was run over by a railway train, at Melbourne, had to undergo amputation, and has since died. . At tho amateur athletic sports, ia Mel bourne, Mahoney won all the three challenge cup events. There are now 21 penitents in the Catholic Female Refuge at Mitoham, and the usefulness of this institution is every day becoming moro extended, reports the Chaplet, nddirig, " thero is still, Jiowover, a large fiold, as between 40 and oOyouno parsons are known to bo Catholics, nornC iially at least, of tho largo number of un fortunates which degrade tho streets of Adelaide. A Victorian up-country paper ia favoured by its Melbourne correspondent with the following paragraph " Every one in Melbourne knew -Philman Sohier, the phrenologist, and lately the proprietor of the Waxworks. Sohier had made a hatful of money by the show business and by bill-discounting, and some two years ago, after disposing of all his property, except the Sydney Waxworks, which lie could not get rid of, he set soil for the fair land of Franco. Some eight months or more ago, he get sail on his return for Syd.ney, Accompanied .by. a dwarf, a giantess, two or three Albinoes, with other nameless horror*, and °'>e hundred wax 'jiggers,' aa our friend Artemua .Ward would call them, for the replenishing of the Sydney Waxworks. This caused poor Sohier to goon board a cheap ship-the City of Sydney-chiefly loaded with rail way ii'on, and the consequence is that.they have all gone to the bottom. The ship was seen on the Line, since which time she has not been heard of; and insurances on her have now been paid.'1 Somo human remains have been found between Penshurst and Lake Linlithgow., The skeleton was buiied at a shallow depth in the ground, or lightly .covered ovor with earth. The remains may be those of an aboriginal, but an investigation is to 'be held, and it ij possible some light may be thrown on. the discovery. ri'he Spectutor mentions that Mr, Cotterell is abriut to puy lliuliilton'iinother visit, by special request of some of the in habitants, who are so desirou* of seeing more of Mr. Cotterell, that a fixed amount has beeirguaranteed to ip&ice; him;to come. Tho fiamfUpn SpcQtattiv ...says ..that a wholesale system of cattle ' Stealing is being carried on in the Western District near tho Border, and urges Jhd formation of an association for tho suppression of this crime. . ; , v A deputation from the-public meeting, recently held in Sydney with reference to Fiji presented to the Governor a petition praying for its annexation to'the British Crown. The Earl of Belmors made a long speech, from which it appears that he favours the movement. He promised to transmit the petition to the Home authorities. ' As several constables were taking a ;man to the Launfieston wiatchhouse for ipicking pockets, another man, named Maiden,, follow,od at some distance, and suddenly shot one of the .constables,. named Eddie, with a pistol in. the face, and severely injured liim. Maiden was captured alter a short chase. The Southern Cms, of April 10 thus describes a remarkable natural phenome non ;-u On'Friday last, the p.a. J)uke of ?Edinburgh, while on a trip from Auckland to Whangarei, and when between Bream Tail and Whangarei Hjad, experienced a violent storm, accompanied by thunder and lightning. About 9 o'clock in the evening during the heaviest of the storm, a large ball of- fire descended in dangerous proximity to the vessel. From Captain Uarquhar'a description of.the phenomenon, it must have been, without doubt, one of the most extraordinary, of the kind ever witnessed. / He says that the report caused by, the atmospheric disturbance- and the concussion were such as to shake the vessel frorii stem to stern in a most viojent manner *, and that as soon as lie recovered from the shock he saw a large ball of fire, about the size and shape of a hogshead, descending from, the ? clouds in a perpen dicular- livne, It appeared so close to the ship that lie at. first feared it would, fall, on board, but it dropped into the water, about; 50 feet from tho^ste?fttiiW.^?tCap|,. Farquhar ! states that at the tiiiVe of the explosion, he experienced a riiost extraordinary sensation, being totally unabi^ to speak for so.me seconds. He also states that the ball ot fire 0 f iSDlph uxtl! Some/ pretty largp orders, stales the Geeloug Advertise^ , have lately been received by, the Victorian .Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company for quan tities of t\yeed. fpr ine^is'jter" colonies. An order for 100Q yards' was, received from Tasmania the other day, and this is only one amongst the 'many similarly large orders received. ] ; A few leading gentlemen of. Sandhurst, Melbourne, and Ectyuca, are about to form a company for.the purpose of erecting, floating steam saw|millst for cutting the red gum, on the .Murray, The promoters have patented their project in Victoria and New South Wales. A lameptablp accidfent occurred at . Black Ball, near Italian Gully, Ballarat, on Saturday morning, A young mau named Edward Cummings, who was work ing along with his mate, in the bush felling timber, had cut a tree which, jn, falling caught-in another tree and leant thereon. Cummings then, it seems, proceeded to cut down, tho tree that was supporting the other, and while doing so one or both trees, fellv and.the deceased* while running away, was struck on the back of .the head by a branch; and had his brains scattered qbout. An instance, showing, how careful per sons having charge, of children should be is afforded by . the Cjjse of a boy about three years old, hariied Siine, who last week died in Colling wood from the effects of the poison of phosphorus, which he had swallowed by sucking lucifer matches. The matches had coloured tops, and were in round boxes,, and , it was stated that they contained an unusual amount of. phosphorus. , At an inquest held on Satur day, the jury found-That the child was killed by the poisonous effects of matches accidentally left \vithiri his reachArgus , The Earl of Pembroke was a passenger ' by the outward mail steamer. His Lord- : ship, who wants only three months of his majority, proceeds home in order to take possession of his extensive estate, which he inherited when. Only, eight years of age. Earl Pembroke, intends returning to the colonies in about fifteen months iri^ a new 200 ton steam yacht, which he intends having built expressly for him. Says the Bn liar at Fust:- The miserable " scarce, half made,up" manikin who labours under the tfifrWor" The Australian Tom Thumb ." was brought.up on remand, at the Eastern Police Court, on the charge of poking a pen-knife, into the eye of 8 little girl at the Easter Festival on the Oval. The evidence as to identity was very contradictory, and the Bench, con sidering that m prima facie case ha I been made out, ordered the accused to be dis charged, Mr, Jno. Edwards, jun., atten ded to apologise for the " great extended" Chang, and; watch tile interests of the great man's Antithesis. Mr, M'Dermott prose cuted, and there . were some amusing passages of arms bettveen the two legal luminaries. The lambing in the Western District o( Victoria has commenced this year under -very favourable circumstances. The mild ness of the weather, find the abundance of the feed, are likely to produce good results, und u high per centage is expected. A sailor named O'Neil was found dead in a Melbourne boarding house on Tues day last, The verdict returned was that he died from alcoholic poisoning. It is hoped to be able to,raise the Barwon, sunk near Cape Bridgewater. It is prob able a company will bo formed to do so should the surveyor's report be favourable. The Fiji Tvnes gives the following bit of advice to intending settlers :-"I\'ow that the hurricane season has about passed, and that vessels will be frequently arriving from the colonies, and bringing down a stream ot' immigration, we must rtuse a warning voice against any influx of men without means seeking to better them selves. Carpenters, shipwrights, anil blacksmiths do pretty well, but already we have as many as can find remunerative employment, whilst lor men to come hcfre seeking situations as overseers is folly. The only class of persons who mf*y expect to better themselves are those who are possessed of energy and cash, and who cftn not only rough it, but likewise bear a good deal of disappointment, for that is the lot of every settler in Fiji." The Jiallarat Star refers to the fact of Mr. John Wilkinson, Compositor, Wills street, Ballarat, having introduced the lo al manufacture of printers' "composing sticks" with wood-not iron, ns usual for their material. The wood used is chcrry-tice, t omul with brass, and pro vided with the novelty of a brass lore edge. The wood is well-seasoned, and the "sticks" arc lbund to be ranchsuperior to thoso of iron in their practical use. Wooden "composing Bticks" are seldom if ever imported, but they are now in general u.^o in the' United Kingdom, and now that we have a manufacturer in Victoria,' he ought to meet with a suffi cient amount of patronage to reward him for his ingenuity and enterpri.-e. Mr. Wilkinson has already supplied many of the compositors of lialliirat. A gentleman from Clare informs the Wallaroo Tims that Mr. Ebcntzer Ward, M.P., was in that township a week or so ago looking at one or two business sites which he said he. wished to take for the purpose of starting , another newspaper at Clare. We have not seen anything of the Gnmemoha Gna#<luui ..for ti\© past two;, or three weeks 5 but,as ;wohave not observed any obituary notice^ of.it, \ve were unable to say that it was defunct. ; Neither are we sure that it is now ; but, from the fact of its editor and proprietor, being on the look out for fresh fields and pastures, the infer ence may, bo drawn that if it has not given up the ghost the mournful event may be contemplated, The attempt . to find the Hon. the Attorney-General of Victoria 0 seat has not been given up. Negotiations, says the Agp, have been opened up with one of the members for Castlemaine, in the hope that he will see it right to make a vacancy into which Mr. Michiecan slip. An impudent case of appropriating another man's horse, says the Spectator* occurred at Hamilton the- other day. A labourer had engaged himself to work for Mr. Cameron, the liine-burner, and both were having a drink over the bargain, when the labourer, taking advantage of an opportunity that presented itself, took the horse of his new employer from the yard of Mr. Dellar, rode away, and has not since been heard ok When Edward Kelly, .an old accomplice of Power, the bushranger', was taken before fore the Wangaratta Police Court a few days ngo, the evidence showed that a very severe struggle had taken place be tween him and Constable Hall, who captured him. The latter stated I saw Kelly at Greta, and told him I wanted him at the camp. I told him I had some receipts. I induced him to come to the camp to sign them, on the ground that the authorities at Beechworth Gaol had for gotten to get him to sign them. He said, "Bring them out." I said, "No; you can't write there. Come inside." He turned the horse round to go away, and I caught hold of him to pull him down from the horse. He jumped down, his clothes gave way and he bolted. I followed him and took my revolver out of the case; and told him three times to stand, or I would shoot him. I presented.it, and he told me to shoot away and be dead. He then, stood; his ground to fight.' He turned round sharp, and hit me with his fist. My revolver missed fire and I then struck him on the head with it five times. It seemed to have very little effect on him. He caught hold of the muzzle of the revolver, and turned it round on me, and said, "Now I'll let you have' it." 'After a considerable struggle, some people came to my assistance, and we got him to the lockup. ?' The,Commissioner of Crown Lands re turned to Adelaide by \hoRoyal Shepherd. A singular, death from the consequences of!intoxication is reported* by the Benallu Ensign as having occurred on Tuesday, ; wbpu,& waggoner named Bohhnann< being drunk, went to sleep at the Duck Ponds m his \yaggoh, which was driven by his mate ,intp'Eurba. . On arriving there^;. this man : went to wake Bofilmann, who was found to be dead. ' He had , thrown himself down in his waggon with his head op a lower level than his feet, which caused suffocation. 