MX ADVENTUBES AND RESEARCHES IN THE PACIFIC. [BY A MABTEB MARINEB.3 I THIS island of Ascension hes, at least from tho com- mencement of tho present century, afforded a refuge to a good many of thoso free-and-easy adventurers | known as beachcombers. \- Among the first of thoso individuals with whom I became acquainted, shortly aftor my arrival at Rouan Bäti, wog one Jack Solute, bolter known by the name of Tamaro. Ha was an Englishman, of mot lau 'han sixty yean of age, but still so activo and powarful aa to show that at ono tims he must have possessed prodigious strength. Ho displayed ia his convanation much intelligence, being both thoughtful and observant. He had not lived many years, on Ascension, but was mtvertholess well acquainted with tho island, and spoke tho language with great fluency. He it was who pointed out to me the remarkable resemblance existing between the languages of the Caroline and. Society islanders, and whioh, from my ignorance of tho Caroline tongue, I should not myself have observed. I presented him with a musket, and he accompanied me in my peregrinations about the island. In tho course of these rambles he related to me his history, whiob, although not by any means more extraor- dinary than the experiences of many of his class whom I have known, was nevertheless sufficiently interesting to warrant my repeating it. Dut before doing so I proposo to give some little description of the kind of adventurous nomades to which this man belonged, for tho benefit of such as may not have had occasion to know much about them. The beaohcomber of the Pacifia ts a singular devclopement of the gonus homo, with whom my peculiar avocations have brought me into so frequent contact os to necessitate an intímalo acquaintance with his habits and economy. Ho is essentially cn inhabitant of tho low latitudes within, or verging upon tho tropics-that is to say, ho exhibits the greatest amount of vitality (at tho present date) upon the coast extending from Valparaiso to Mnzat lan, and westward throught the coral seas to Kaw Cnlodonia, nnd the Ladrona Group. Tho conditions necessary to his existenco are warm sunshine, tho growth of the cocoanut and taro (Arum esculentum), and savagery, which implies simplicity on tho part of the legitimuto inhabitants. His normal condition is destitution; tho destiny which ho most willingly accepts is tho climax of barbarism. The first appearance of tho beaohcomber dates from tho era of tho Conquistadores, und his advent in tho Pacific from tho discoveries of Balboa and Pizarro. There ure two varieties of the species common to tho Pacific, tho gregarious (or associated), and the solitary beachcomber. Associated beachcombers are, gonorally speaking, a dangerous class of ruffians, such us for generations back huvu chosen to themsolves convenient ports of rendezvous in vatiuus quarters of tho Spunith Main, and tho great islands of tho Pacific, chiefly consisting of idle nnd disreputable seamen, who pre- ferred are'gn of unbridkff liberty oven accompanied by poverty and I:V>H, to outing honest biscuit, or earning hono3t wages on tho deep oca. Their principles might bo said to resemble. thoso of tho Soot's "reiver," who prayed daily that tho world might be turned upside down, that he, and his like, miçht havo a better chanco to live. It is related that certain snipwrccKcd marinci3 bein;,' cabl away upon un unknown coast, nnd thcie boholding a gallows, did straightway givo thanks to Providence that they had nrrived upon a land whore law and order reigned. Very different would havo boen tho feolings of tho chi's of gentry who aro tho subjoet of theso remarks, ns I heard ono of their own body very truly observe that it was well for bis comrades that nono of them over hud occasion to visit tho city of London, or especially to puss through Newgale-street, as in such cuco there would not bo ten days likely lifo in enc of thom, for tho reason thai tho gallows would attract them liku a magnot ! They were tho successors of tho combiualiono of miscreants who, in formor days, were known as tho Brethren of tho Coast, nnd ' who, during tho lust conturj-, and tho first quarter of this present, mado thomselvcs notorious for the perpetration of enormous villanies upon tho Pacific shores of America until the recognition of tho independence of tho Spanish colonies, and the consequent increase of foreign commerce necessitated tho presenco of such a naval powor in those wators as compelled thorn lo keep themselves comparatively quiet. Thoir society included disorderly mariners of nil countries and colon's-the British and American eloments prepon- derating. For their mutual protection and assistanco, thoy acknowlodgod certain laws and regulations ; and in each settlement which (to the misfortune of tho inhabitants) they selected as a rendezvous, they submitted thomselvcs to tho control of a chief, who waB styled tho " Commodoro of tho Beachcombers," and who was as well-known, ana trequontly exercised, as much authority as the Captain of tho Port. Tho rovenuos of tho organization wero doiived from thieving, gambling, and lovying black mail upon foreign seamen and shipmasters. If a mun desired to desert from a VOBSOI, he appliod to tho Commodoro of tho- Beachcombers, who at once enabled him to do so eithot by force or stratagem. Whatsoever money ho might bo possessed of he was required to contributo to the general fund. If in a stato of impecuniosity, tho contonts of his chest were in like mannor appropriated. If (as frequently happened), ho owned neither cash nor coppor, the fraternity of beachcombers, aftor duo consideration, and with tho approval of the commodore, might extend to him the right hand of fellowship, simply out of respect for his character, and dcsiio of his better acquaintance. Ho would be thereupon Bworn in and of course protected; tho beachcombers' quarter hoing a sort of sanctuary into which the Alcalde himsolfdid not daro to penetrate. Theao eommunitioa of desperadoes a few years ago constituted a most dangerous nuisance through- out tho whole extent of tho Spanish Main. Previous to tho construction of tho Panama rail- way, they swarmod upon both Bides of tho Isthmus of Darien. I rocollect them, while that work was in progress, upon one occasion taking possession of tho fort, and bombarding tho town ot Ohagres ; upon another, attacking the citizens of Panama sword in hand during the colobration of a religious festival ; a " shindy" which had been concoctod by thom with a viow to making a "grab" at a silver crucifix whilo the row was in progress. There was a celebrated commodoro of beach- combers, in Valparaiso, who in tho night cut out (or rather sawed off) a goldon imago from tho altar stone of ono of tho churches at that place. Having taken his passage in a vessel bound for Manilla, ho was suspected, and the ship was Boarchod unsuccessfully. Ho was consequently released ; but his treasuro waa safo nono the less, for during the time that the vigilants wore ransacking hold and forecastle, tho golden prizo lay in the cook's copper at tho bottom of the boiling soup which was being prepared for the seamens' dinner. Dreadful would have been his punishment for this eacrilego had the Spaniards brought it home to him ; but he lived to be hanged afterwards at Downievillo, inlCalifornin, by tho righteous sontonco of Judgo Lynch. Tho prompt and Bovero measures for tho suppres- sion of rascality which, in tho last-mentioned stato, speedily superseded tho reign of disorder consequont upon tho discovery of gold, had tho effect of dis- persing this congregation ' of scamps from a coast which by long usage thoy had come to rogard almost as the peculiar heritage of their order, and of scattering them over tho fuco of tho wido South Seas. Thoy chiefly affected tho great islands in consequence of their suporior productiveness in hogs, bread fruit, and other good things of this life, ns likewise for the reason that being frequented by whalo ships thoy afforded a certainty of periodically replenishing their supplies of rum, gunpowder, American tobacco, and similar necessities of existence But the French occupation having excluded them from Tahiti, and tho government of tho Sandwich Islands having enacted stringont regulations for the preservation of order and good morals in Oahu, and tho progress of British coloni- zation having effectually broken up tho confodoru , lion of vagabonds located at tho Bay of Islands, Kow Zealand, thoso nomadic reprobates, found themselves, to their infinito disgust, confronted on all sides by law and Gospol, and hopolossly excluded frormthoir ancient haunts, oscopt upon condition of their good behaviour, which waa manifestly out of tho question. The fact oi King George of Tonga having inaugurated a Bottled government, and foreign consuls hoing appointed to tho Navigators and Fiji, rendered these groups in like manner objectionable os places of residence ; and although somo few con- tinued to find refuge and encouragement at tho courts of Thakombau or Bola Cola, yet it was suffi- ciently ovidsnt that tho progress of civilization and Christianity was everywhere in tho frequented quarters of tho Paeiilo building up an insuperable harrier against tho further entronco of tho partisans of violence and vico, and that tko associated beach- combers (at least upon the same footing as formerly) could no longer ho regarded (in tho South Seas at ¿ll evnnts), as a recognized institution, TJndor those cirsumstancoa of misfortune tho organization bocamo disintegrated, and its mombars dispersed. Somo forsook their ovil ways, Bottled down, and sought an honest living. O thors established themsolves among tho Marquesans, and took part in tho wara of savage I cbiofa. [ -Many distributed thomselvc.i throughout tho islands of the Equator and the Coral Soo, even to tho Philippines, and by far tho greater number made their way to¡tho coasts of China and Japan, whero, in combinai inn reith rookloes adventurers from evory quarter of the eastern seas, the associated beaohoom bor luxuriates at the present time under all the conditions of lawless license congenial to his dis- positions, and, reviving the ancient cuBtoras and practice of the order, plays the same role upon the shores of farther Asia as his predecessors were wont to do upon the Spanish Main. In the courso of these migrations many of them got lost to their comrades and to the world. Over- come by old ago or weariness of incessant wander- ings, or simply from a dislike to cross the tropics, having BO long lived within thom, or to quit the cocoanut region, they established themselves in little coteries of twos ti d three» among tho Negrillo races of the Sandalwood isles, or even in the Solomon Groups, or formed to themselves settlements and strongholds in tho Caroline Archipelago and tho Kingsmills where by their precept and example they excited tho mischievous savages to the perpetration of outrages, such as thoir naturally evil inclinations would never of themselves have suggested. Thus it was that upon my first acquaintance with Ascension Island, there were no less than sixty at one time of this scum of tho earth located upon it, -living in the various villages-spending thoir days in idleness or in cozening tho nativos out of thoir tortoiseshell, beche-do-mer, or anything which thoy could barter to wbalo ships or trading craft. Eating, sloping, drinking kava or cocoanut toddy, :n they woro unable to procure rum, and relieving the monotony of their existence by quarrels with tho slandors, or among themselves, which led to tho , irequont occurrence of bloodv tragedies. I A very short time previous to my arrival at (on the present occasion) Rouan Kito there had lived in the same house in which I had resided, two ruffians of this class, one of whom rendered himself a terror to tho whole village, having shot dead one of his native neighbours for somo paltry cause, and grievously wounded several others until, at length his own part- ner having received from him some causo of annoy- ance, inflicted upon him a just retribution by run- ning him through tho body with a sword. This man, to escape the vengeance of th6 friends of the deceased, departed lo u neighbouring island, whero ho ulso in hió turn carno to an evil end. On Strong's Island have also resided at various times very muny beachcombers, and there has been | conaidcrahlo bloodshed and somo terriblo lights. In 1858, some parties with whom I was acquainted there wore beseiged in a stono house, strongly barri- caded r.nd loopholed for no loss than three months, nnd for' that limo defended themselves a^uiiist tho j whole population of tho inland. Six of them wcro killed, f our survived and were taken away in a whale ship. On Ocean and Pleasant Munda were at divers times mau}- beachcombers ; at tho lutter place, thoy were well supplied with largo and fast-sailing boats, nnd had constructed a battery of ton pieces of can- non. Tho placo has yet an evil came in conse- quence of their misdeeds, tho two Inst of them wero t tl.uu efF from it lust year, and landed on Rotumah by a trading Bchoor.or. They carno on bonrd mined to th» teeth, mid having belted about their bodies such n quantity of geld ciiu, that it was with diffi- culty that thoy could got UD tho side. Thoy woro in danger of their lives from tho natives, und at deadly enmity with o. e another. They would not say how they bceamo possessed of tho monoy, hut thoy had been upon that island thirteen years. Tho advont of thu Peruvian, Australian, and Fiji slavers in theso groups, presented a favourable opportunity for tho exercise of thoir genius, and out of their operations many of thosa unscrupulous ad.x^.uiora roaped a glorious harvest, but the depredations of tho Shenandoah nnd other piivuteors during tho American AVur, having in a great mensuro cloarod the whalo ships from tho equatorial seas, tho supply of rum and the liko requisites became vory procurions, in consequence of which tho associated beachcomoors found it agnin necessary to migrate, so that at tho present timo in this quar- ter of the low latitudes thu breed may be now said to bo almost extinct. 13o it understood that I do not by any means wish to convoy tho improseion that all theso mon wero scoundrels, reckless and ungovernable"; most of thom undoubtedly woro revolting in idleness, dissi- pation, and unbridled licenso"; their ideas of social economy, might ho summed up in the lines of Robbio Burns : A Hg for thoso by laws protected, Liberty's a glorious feast ; Courts for cowards wcro erected, Churches built to please tho priest. But nmong thom were to be found many mon of kind hearts and good dispositions, of a high order of intelligence and possessing all tho qualities which go to make up brave mariners und agreeable com- panions. Nocoasily had driven some of them into the ranks of tho associated beachcombers. Ill usage on the part of thoir commanders (which in the Pacifio has beon common onough sinco tho days of tho mutiny of the Bounty), sometimes the mero love of wild adventure, and tho dosiro of Boe- ing life for a timo nt least under aspects so novel and exciting. The powerful fascinations of the daughters of Oceánica was tho primary causo in many casca of thoir doaertion of their ships-while others becamo vagabonds from tho mere attraction of the free and easy social customs of Polynesia, tho unspeakably beauty and glory of thoso tropic lands, a longing to seo yet moro of thom and to spond some few years of their lives in roving. From island unto Island At tho gatoways of the day. I have had opportunity to become acquainted with the histories of very many of thoso men whose idiosyncraciea and remarkable vicissitudes would, if recorded and arranged, form a volume of adventures in no degroo inferior in oxeiline interest to those of ail Blas. Herman- Melville, an American sailor, was ono of this class, and his description of island life as experienced hy himself and his companion " Doctor Dong Ghost," havo become familiar to thousands of rendors. Molvillo returned to civilized lifo, nnd arrivod at somo celebrity as u writer; but tho Doctor remained in tho Pacific (or after visiting California returned to it), and being shipwrecked upon a savage isle passod through several years of Strange and perilous wanderings almost unsurpassed in the annals of disasters in the tho great South Sea. Among those who aro still alive, and with whom I nm personally acquainted, may bo cited as remark- able instances nn incorrigible "ne'er do well" known as gentleman Goorgo, who was formerly an ofBcor of the Vindictive, the flagship of Commodore Toup Nicholas, and who voluntarily quitted the Bervico and returned to tho islands for tho love of n Tahitian woman. Ho is the son of a gentleman of great proporty and influence in ono of the midland counties of Englund who, I bolisvo, is still olivo. Another was an Amoricnn of education and ability, à cousin of Prescott tho historian, and who is cele- brated as one of tho most daring cauoo voyagers in tho oastern Pocilio. 1 could multiply instances to infinity, but thoso will suffice among tho associated beachcombers whom I havo known. Some aro now masters of vessels, somo have becomo plnntors (or merchants), others havo returned to their nativo land. Three hold consular appointments. Two aro judgcB, ono a government interpretor, ono. superintendent of a Protestant mission, ono a Romish Priest, ono'wVoiB now distinguished in tho Held of science und letters, was not only nn associated beachcomber, but for several years an nssoointo of tho pirates of Formosa. 