PLANCH ETTA. (The circle is composed of Mesdames A. B. C. and D. and the Misses M and F.) Mrs. A.—Oh ! do keep quiet. They'll never come if they hear all this talk, Mrs. B.—I hope to goodness they won't, for I'm sure I'd scream. Mrs. C.—We are sitting here half an hour now, and the table is as steady as a rock. Widow D.—Can we select our own ghosts when they do come, or must we take them as they like 1 Miss E.—If you talk about ghosts, Mrs. D., I'll leave the room. Spirits I don't mind, but ghosts — ! Miss F—Wouldn't it be nice to get the fashions from home before anyone else ! Fancy the rage of Miss G. Mrs. A.—Oh ! see here, the table begins to move. Mrs. B.—Goodness gracious, there's a knock. Will some one speak to the horrid thing 1 Mrs. C.—I'm sure I don't know how to speak to it. Do you hear ?— it's nothing but rat a tat, tat, tat. Widow D.—Upon my word, it's awful like the knock of poor dear FREDERICK. But I don't think he'd be so inconsiderate as to come to me in this way without any preparation. Miss E. (whisper).—I don't think she need trouble herself. Poor dear FEED will give her even in the spirit as wide a berth as possible. Miss F. (whispers back).—Unless he'd come to tell us something about her. Wouldn't that be nice ? Mrs. A.—Wouldn't it be a shocking thing if it should turn out to be a strange man none of us ever were introduced to 1 What on earth ever would Ave do 1 Mrs. B. (to Ghost).—Would you like to write on the planchette, if you please 1 Just knock once if you want to say yes. Ghost knocks once. Omnes.—Oh, dear ! goodness gracious ! Ah, me ! Well, I never ! I'm so frightened ! It's awful ? Mrs. C.—Well, we've called this ghost from his usual home, and we musn't send him off without hearing what he has to say. Who'll take the planchette ? Unanimous shout of " I won't," Mrs. C—Then I will. Give me the planchette. Now tell me, if you please, what is your name ? Ghost.—I was Mrs. A.'s mother. Misses E. and F.—Oh ! we're so glad it's not the spirit of a man. Mrs. A.—Oh, my dear mother, it's so nice to think you are near me. Is dear papa with you ? Ghost.—No, my child, your father, I am sorry to tell you, is a shocking spirit; says he was only bound to me in the flesh, and never comes near me. Chorus of groans round the circle. Ghost—Don't fret for me, my dears, they are nearly all as bad. Besides, if you knew as much as I know, you wouldn't think you were much better off as you are, LaAies.—Oh ! do tell us. $LTS. A.—Mamma, I insist on hearing if you know anything bad of EESBtf 1 Ghost.—My unhappy child ! Ladles.—Have mercy on her, and speak. Ghost.—Where do you think HENRY is to-night, AMELIA ? Mrs. h-.—He had' to go into town on most important business, mamma; a mining meeting that won't be over till twelve or one o'clock. Ghost.—Betrayed, deceived innocent! How often I have wished for the means of communication with you that I might expose him. Mixing meetings! Ha! hal %XB. A.—This is too horrible! Mamma, I'll die and join you. Ladies (Bursting).—For goodness gracious sake, dear spirit, tell her the wovst at once. Ghost.—At this instant, my dear, your HENRY is seated at a table in his club-room with three other men, playing cards and smoking a cigar. He has been there two hours. Mrs. A.—The others 1 Ghost.—Mr. B., Mr. C. and a stranger. Miss E. (Age 37).—Heartless wretches. Are you not glad you never married ? Miss F. (Age 41).—Charmed, my dear ! I never, never will run the risk after such disclosures. 