SHAKESPEARE'S HOUSE. –––––– BEING at Birmingham, it seemed the most natural thing in the world for an Australian sight-seer to turn aside from the practical every-day and hard- ware view of things to the home-place of William Shakespeare. Quite uninspired by the poetical, and engaged in the realities of business, it is not to be expected that our approach to Stratford-on-Avon was attended by reflections such as those supposed to be indulged by literary men possessed by the exulted afflatus to be afterwards poured out for the edification of magazine readers, on the contrary, we had to "do Stratford-on-Avon," and we "did it" without being carried away by any extraordinary sentimentality on the subject, and without the ability to feign that "we did not feel." The little borough of Stratford-on-Avon stands on the right hand of the river. The houses are mostly of modern build, and except the attraction of the house, the town would scarcely prove attrac- tive; but here swarm people from all parts of the earth — people of all nations, climes, and tongue find their way to Stratford, and perform a pleasant pil- grimage in honour of England's great dramatic writer. Stratford has celebrated centenary, and has oven passed tercentenary in honour of Shakes- peare. Stratford is ready and willing to cele- brate to any extent, and profits thereby. It destroys all the poetry and romance of these English visits when we find it an affair of sixpences, and ourselves in custody of showmen with a cut and dried story hashed up to suit popular ideas. A considerable part of what is commonly received about Shakespeare is mere tradition. An octoge- narian parish-clerk vaguely remembered something about the poet's boyhood or fancied that he did; a few worn-out players, hard pressed for information, may have recollected something and imagined more. The proofs of authenticity resolve itself into "it was said ;" and anonymous authorities have been relied on by grave historians, who have woven from these slender materials a biographical garment for the bard. It is said that he was born upon St. George's Day ; that his father was a wool-comber and a glover ; that the boy was sent for his education to the Grammar School of his native place; that he was withdrawn at an early age, before he had attained much Latin or Greek; that his father — then a butcher — allowed him to assist in the slaughter-house and that he would make an heroic speech before killing a calf. It is said that he subsequently became an attorney's clerk, and after that a school- master ; and that in the meantime he had fallen in love with a lady at Shottery — a lady eight years older than himself — to whom he got married. It is said that he fell into bad com- pany, and on a moonlight night went poaching on the estate of Sir Thomas Lucy ; that he stole a fat buck — wanting a venison haunch for his wedding dinner ; that Sir Thomas was indig- nant and suspicious, and would have set Will in the stocks ; that the future poet scrawled some lines, not in the least degree suggestive of poetic ability, and tramped to London. It is said that in London he contrived to subsist by holding the horses of the gallants who came to the theatres ; that they were delighted with the good humour and ready wit of the Warwickshire lad, and that few would resign their steeds into any other hands but his ; so that he found it to his profit to employ three or four lads to assist him in the business — lads who shouted, "I'm Will Shakespeare's boy, your highness ;" and so made quite a monopoly of the affair. It is said that he got friendly with the players — the men of shorn faces and shabby suits, who hung about the stage-door-and was sometimes employed to touch up the indifferent works of mediocre dramatists, to write "tags," and occasionally throw in a sensation scene. It is said that, encouraged by success in this humble department of art, he wrote a play on his own account — perhaps "Titus Andronicus," perhaps "Love's Labour Lost ;" that it succeeded, and the manager was satisfied ; was ready to produce another, and another, and another, until Will became a rich man. It is said he was never a great actor, his highest achievement on the boards being the Ghost in "Hamlet." All the dramatists — such is the penalty of getting on in the world — set their faces against him ; but the Court patronized him. Queen Elizabeth went behind the scenes to talk to him. He enjoyed the patronage of her successor, King James I. It is said he was worth a thousand a year; that he had a fine house at Stratford-on- Avon ; and that when ho died, at the age of fifty- two, he left some very respectable legacies. But it is not known exactly when he was born, nor where he went to school, nor how he was occupied on leaving school, nor whether he ever stole a deer, nor whether Sir Thomas Lucy had any dear to steal, nor why he went to London, nor what he did when he got to London, nor how it was that he joined the players, nor when ; nor what were the circumstances under which he produced his first play, nor what that play was. It is not known with any certainty when, nor how, nor how often he saw Queen Elizabeth ; nor what was his average income, nor when he wrote his last play, nor what that play was; and, as a climax, it has been gravely asserted that this much praised and sometimes abused Shakespeare never wrote a play — that he purloined them ready written, and that such a person never existed. How- ever, amidst all that the critics have written, people flock to Stratford to look at the recently-restored house. We are at Stratford to see the house, and our six- pence is paid. Here is the chamber where the Bard did his "mewling and puking," and all over, around and about, visitors of every degree have scrawled their names. The museum is to be seen for an addi- tional sixpence, and sceptical folks may be excused for doubting the genuineness of the relics. "Did Shakespeare smoke ?" We present the question as a topic for debating- classes. We find pipes in the museum looking suspiciously modern ; but no mat- tor. We hie to the Falcon, where William is said to have smoked divers pipes in the oak panelled par- lour. Hence to the Red Horse, where we are treated to a sight of the identical poker with which Wash- ington Irving poked the fire, perhaps in a spirit of indignation caused by the tardiness of waiters, or possibly as a vent to his feelings roused by the mer- cenary tendencies of the Bard's degenerate towns- men. Tho poker is a relic of value to its fortunate owner ; and, like Ann Hathaway's Cottage and Lud- dington Church, is a property in more senses than one. As regards the professional life of William Shake- speare, we undoubtedly know that he took part in theatrical performances, which, in some respects, however, differed widely from those of the present day in the mode of representation. In 1580 he had a share in the ownership of Blackfriars' Theatre. In 1593 he dedicated his poem of "Venus and Adonis" to Lord Southampton. In 1598 he was one of the principal actors in Jonson's "Every Man in his Humour." When the city authorities proposed pulling down Blackfriars Theatre, which they regarded as a nuisance, it was noted — "W. Shake- speare asketh for the wardrobe and properties of the same playhouse, £500." We know that in money affairs he prospered. He was able to buy a house and considerable estate, lived handsomely, loaned money, and brought an action — being a shrewd business man — against Philip Roger, for £1 15s 10d, "to malt sold and delivered," as may be seen by a document in the Stratford Court of record. We know that Mr. Nason was his apothecary, and that Shakespeare died on the 23rd of April, 1616, and was buried in Stratford Church on the 25th of the same month. His will has been published several times, and its provisions show that he was well to do in the world. Stratford-on-Avon is now a place of pilgrimage. From east and west, from north and south, the pilgrims come to this humble shrine — a shrine hallowed by genius. Here was born great Shakespeare ; here he spent his early life ; here, in this neighbourhood, he learnt to love ; here he returned when the fight for fame and fortune was over ; and here he dwelt in peace and honour. We are standing in the chancel of the Church ; tall elms wave before the pointed windows, and the Avon, which runs at a short distance from the walls, keeps up a low, perpetual murmur. Tread lightly on this consecrated earth ; look reverently on this last rest- ing- place of all that was mortal belonging to him. 