RITUAIr. Bv the Dean dyarjasle,j j y \uuminueujj'ovur'Uwi.) , ? i Other passages ,of :riptutej\ beai\ingithoamoM M muyi|ly-. 11111 lis ; iiiiil ilibiig fdhring yo'exli,Q,ust;.yoiiT\j)atiigi\ce), I iijiist¥refc'r''to shnie- pf JjhehL the rpsult bf ji oiyn eariiesyscarch iiit6,G6(J s "\pr'i| pii tliis important subject — the fallahiesioV.ltitiialfsin. Tims in j;lie lSpstleto the-pologsiiiiLS (ii. 13— 10, Sjl, 22) the, distjuctive fpatprd of -the Jewish cOrehipniiil. is 'cleaiJy de- ' WtV5 .tV JiUI/.ylrllU "llUoviUlCC J— 'Let no mail tlierefnro jidlge yoii-in meat, or in drink, or in respect . of a Ifididay, or of tlio now moon, or of the Sabbath-days ; which are a ahaduw of things to come ; but the hody is of Christ." Tlicro is the substance. — "Let no man beguile you of your reward in a voluntary humility, and worshipping of angels, intruding into those things which ho hath not seen, vainly puffed up in his fleshly mind. And hot holding the head, from which all the body by joints and hands having noiirishinent ministered, and knit togethei', iuoreaseth with the increase of God. Whei- efore if ye be dead with Christ from the rudiments of tiie world "—intending the carnal ordinances of Moses — " why as though living in the world, arc ye subject to ordinaiice.s—— touch not, taste not, handle not ; which all are to lierish with the using)— after the eoimnand- ments and doctrines of men ; Hvhicli thiiigs have indeed a show of wisdom in will Avofsliip, and humility, and neglecting of the body .; not in any honour to the s.atisfying of the flesh." That is the Apostle's clear 2Jrotest against the introduction of Jewish Kitnalism into the Chris tian Church. The Ejiistle of St. Paul to the Hebrews, as a whole, from the beginning to the end, is one graiid testimony to the iihislied work of Christ, the accomiilishmeut of prophecy, the rbalisation of symbolic woi-ship in Christ,' and our entire deliverance from the bondage of minute Eitual- istic and legal, worship. " bTow of the things, wliich we have spoken," saithjie (chai). viii, 1, 2), "this IS ;the, sum : we have siicli an high priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the majestyi in the , heavens ; ; a. jniniatev of the sanctuary and of the true tabernacle, which the. Loi'd intclied, and not man." VAiid in the ninth chapter the Apostle, reviewing all those " carnal ordiuanoes " of Jewish.worsliii) which e;kcite the . admiration' of Bishop Hop kins, and _ which he would reirodiice . in : the Christian Church, declared that they only "signified that the way to the holiest of iul was not yet manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet standing : which was a figure for the time then iiresent" "which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings, and carnal ordinances, im posed on them until the time of Reformation. Bat Clmst being coino," — he jirocecds to establish- the Gospel system on the ruins of Judaism ! 'ahd he leads ipii those to whom he wrote to that sublime gonsiimmatioa of siiiritual, hea-i'ehly worshij), contrasting gloriously with the visible, histrionic worshij) of modern Patual : Ye are not eoino uht.i the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire; nor unto blackness, and darlmess, and temjjest, and the soiiml v of a trumpet, ! and the I'oice of words ; whiclv voice they that heard intreatcd tliat the word should not be spoken to them any more. But he are come unto Mount Siou. and unto the city of the living God, the heavenlj' Jerusalem, and: to an innumerable corai)any of Angles, to the genoraV' assembly -and Church of ' the first born; which are written in hoayeii, aiid.to God tho.Judge of all,.! and to the spirits of ljust.men made perfect. And to Jesus, .the mediator of the ' H Cw Coven aht.P More, ' ' vvhef <3f orej he saith, V " ive, recehnng a kingdom, which cannot be moved, s let' us have grace ivhereby we may ser ve God "accep tably with' reyem Godly fear." "What more; do ive heed ? We have a reconciled God and friend in Clmst Jesus ; the way is opCu to lis. " Let us come boldly unto the tliroho hf grace, " not crawling, . jn-ostrate, .nhd kissing" the fioor, as 'sonie llitiiaiists have ' taught ' even ladies to come, —postures wor tliy . only of the worship of the; liorrjble gods of the heathen, hut utterly unhecomiug in a Christian, . " whose hody is the temple of the Holy ; -Ghost." '-' But let it be rememhered that when 1 speak of Eitualists, I do not designate as such those .who may have merely indulged in a little more decoration of their services ; hut I speak of the . full-hlowii; fully developed Eitualisin, of "the Church and the World-" — such .is is displayed in those innumerable cpntro'versiiil and devotion al tracts circulatoil'inaely in their congregations. . and hearing on ; tiieir faooN the most iinlflusliing 'Popery.- - Here maybe fdiind the hbpeleaiaikl desperate attempt to justify then- gaudy worship by . an appeal to the Book , of Eevelation. It %buld iiardly he believed that even a Eitualist would claim the heavenly visions of St. John as : authority for iuti'odiicing , histrionic sef vices intO ; the Cluistian worship. The attempt is so puerile, so simple, that if it were notgi-avely jiropounded it -would he hcneath notice ! Is it KG that they have not a poet or a projihet among them, some one acciistonied to tlie wild imagery of scrij)ture, who might permiade them that the visions of St. John were not intended to convey '" a material representation of scenes in the.hoaveii- Jy iirof ship; but by a region of imagmery to -awaken,, holy and lofty antioipatidns , in, biir jnihds ? ' Or, if they : will persist in .copying the dmaginary pictures of heavenly worship," let tliem -copy them faithfidly, put foot-lights to their Iiistrionic stage, and mtroduce all the monsters ' of the vision, with eyes all over them, or with human; heads, -and : bodies . , of , animals."; / The thbuglit is profane," revolting ! ' Such' Vaoting jind such , argiiinents oflbnd pur coinmpu ' sense. ; They chill bur hlbod, diid w'e become Ashamed of an age whicli we thought was called advanced. ' iWe are driven hack by such senseless reasoning -to the dark ages ! .': ; ! j'b: How it'is in .support of Ahch vain traditions 'as these that 'the Bislipp of Vennont, in the "United States, appears as ' 'ail 'advooa.te. , His work -ivould hardly-call for- nbtice had at not been adopted' by the English Ghureli . Uhion, and distributed by tliem among the EnglLsli Bishops. He-lays it down .as, a primary 'flbgiha " that the Divine' aiuV only model bt all fiiuar worship-isria the tabcniaole dnil tteme (of thij Jews), — priestly vestments, pmbidei, lirecioits stones, , .-inbense, anointing oils, tUo gqldeh, cu'idlcsticks, clipral; services in the teinple, and all th s by Divine .cominand," these . are models, equaljy for Christian worslii). Not only so,A)ur espiscopal guide , furnishes us with an enumeration of various' articles and ceremonies which be aflirras were adopted by thcrPrlniitivc Ckurch.-- Now, by the Primitive Church we used to understand the Church of the Apostles, for the first sixty or one luindred years of Christianity. But the Eitiialistic Primitive Clmrcli is the (Jhiirch at the close of the third and beginning of tlic foiirtli century. It was ijrimitive in one sense, for it was tlie beginning of .all dark ness and superstition. The Bishoj) tells us tliat tlic.sc are the "points of voluntary confoi'inity to the Mosaic ritual on the part of the Primitive Ghiirch : — Orientation, position of the altar, the atrium, gates and veils, scpara- tibn of the sexes, septs, altars, legs, stone altars, candles or lamjis, incense, bowing towards the altar, chrism in confirmation, I'cstments, sticli- aria and tiiniclcs, orariiim, alb, dalmatic." Now siioh a list as this would have puzzled St. Paul himself. They are hard words which were not known in the Primitive Chiiroh, They were discovered ages afterwards, and yet a Protestant Bishop assures us that tliese things were adopted in the Primitive Church. This i.s worthy' of a bislioj) who for fifty years has been the advocate of American Slavery. But we will do them justice. Bisliojj Hopkins i.s a good Protestant after all. The iiifliience of old mother church has not quite been lost hiiu. He allows that if what he finds in the Jewish rituals ought to be in the Christian ritual, that which he docs not find in the Jewish ritual ought not to be in tlie Ghristian ritual. Ujjon this priiiciplo the Bishop objures six or eight of the Eonian doo- trines wliioh are espoused by the English Eitualists. He is a gorgeous Eitiialist, but no Pajnst, and therefore, ought not to bo quoted as an advocate for inoderii English Eitualisin. "Things not in Israel, and thoroforo not in the Chi'Lstian Church. 1. No Pope. 2. No saint worship. 3. No priestly celibacy. 4. No auricular confession. S. No purgatory. 6. No monasticism. 7. No adding of new articles of faith." Nowhere is a bishop, who is put for ward by the Englisli Cluircli TJninn as their ad vocate for a gorgeous ritual, positively denying five of their grand fundamental principles on which they found their ritual. Here is this Eepiiblioan. bishop making a raid on ail these favourite doctrines. What I No Pope, no celibaej'-, no purgatory. And, above all, no aiiriciilai; confe.5sion, and what can Dr. Pusey and his friends, say, but, "Ye have taken away my gods, and what have I more V But I have not done with the English Church Union. Observe their inconsistency. Here is a book impoi-tcd from Anierioa, splendidly bound, and sent to aU oiir bishops by the English Church Union, of course you will suppose they have authenticated it— that they take the Bishop as then' advocate for gorgeous Eitualisin. But how is this, when their episcopal advocate denies several of tluur chief doctrines? Is it 'that they may exhibit this book to a casual reader, and leave liini to conohide that tiiey agree with Bishop Hopldns in repudiating these tenets, and that Eitualistsjin general rejnidiate tliem? The circulation of this book bv the English Qhiirch Union is in every way a disin- geiuioiis act. They invade Cumberland and other places, and deny that the English Church Uiiion is Eitiialistic ! why, .then, do they circu late this book, wliieli is a laboured defence of a gorgeous ritual ? Or being Eitualists, in the English sense, how can they circulate a work which cuts from under them the very dogmas on which tlioy themselves build their Eitiialisni ? Leaving them to the choice of .these dilemmas. I record my con viotions that the English Church Union is one of the most formidable instru ments for jn'onioting that reign of Papal dark ness with which Eitualisin threatens us. And that this is no peculiar conyiotion of minoj is evident from the fact, that two of their most distinguished members and olfioe-bearors / have jmblicly seceded from the- Union on this very consideration. Professor :Wi 0. Burrows) Chair man' of their Oxfoi-d; Branch, avowedly left them in oonscqiience of their Eitualistic mea sures, adopted, a-fc head-quarters ; and the Eev. Dr. Jebb, Chairman of the Hereford Branch, wheels anything but an anti-Eitualist, secedes, on account of .the adoption of Dr.. Piisey's " Eirenicon." These are edifying examples, and may indued, inany .otlier moderate Clnirchmen lyhp have jollied the Union, without sufficiently examining their true principles, in like manner to secede from them. - An institution that re ceives the adhesion of Dr. Pusey with aoclama- tioh. And from.wliicli siich .'influential, wise, arid mo.der.ate meii as .Professor W.'C. Burrows arid Dr. Jebb retire, carries with it its own condem nation. Having designedly occupied so much "time in the! investigation of , tlio , scriptural argiimerit Against EitiialiAn in the Christiari '01i.u.fch, arid having also met the statements of our opponents on that ground,' iriy roiriarks on the second part of 'iny subject must be very brief. And they rieeduotbeotherwi.se, for! it must bo already aolf.fiviflAllf, 'I'ir.l'l' IJlTirAT.TSM T.Si m'PO.SKT) 'I'O M'nE U.SAOE,' .UENIUS, AND ' PlUNOIPliES OF TlIE AE- FORMED .CHUaCU ESTABLISHED IN THIS LAND. I sluVll; tliAoforo coritent myself with briefly appealing to honest common sense, to undoubted facts, rind' to the testimony of one or- tii'O ivit- nesses whose evidence cannot be easily set aside. Tlie.Bisliop of St! David's learned, philosophic, ' and weighty' charge is almost exhaustive on this subject ; and an admirable article by him in the Quarterly lievieiV, places the state of the legal question mOst clearly before us. (To he continued) !: / , Tlie'Queen will open Parliament on the 9th Pebruiiry. ' The Marquis of Westminster is to move the Address to her Majesty in the House .of Lords.:;; . - -v- ; - , ' Pavre riyiirineet Canibetta 'jri-e'-vioris'tb Atterid ;hig tlie'Lori'dori.Confeieiice., . There is tO; be a .republican deinonstratiou towelcoine tlie former to England. 