gistriri |tea?8. BCNGENDORE ANNUAL RACES. [rum a Owwmn.1 These Races came off, according to your advertisement, on Wednesday and Thurs day, the 12th and 18th of April, 1871. The glorious:,weathcr of ths preceding week looked as if it were going to break up during race-time. Commencing to rain on Monday night, and continuing with showers at intervals throughout the next day, quite a damper wae cast upon the fitiortiutr Bun^endtirinnfi. who formed the gloomy anticipation that our annual race gathering would bo quite mnrrcd by desire of Jupiter Plnvius. Wednesday morning, however, gave us ennso for re joicing ; the sky showed itself in pure blue, and as beautiful weather as any one could have desired was bestowed. At about 11 o'clock on that day, the people began to pour in from nil partis of the district, and the thoroughfare from the town to the racecourse presented a scene both cheering and picturesque. The fair equestrienne coursed along as only those of fair Australia have the innate grace and courage in doing, escorted, of course, by the fatored and gallant cava lier. VoLicleSiof Jill imaginable descrip tions glided or Wimbled along, freighted with happy hearts, smiling faces. Tin1 town useu was aaornea in iib iirigliieRi raiment, having been thronged with wel come visitors. Tho entrances wero at tcned to at the Commercial and liungen dore. Hotels. Never had wo of Biingcndorc Been, on any occasion, of tlic like festirp nature, such a large assemblage of people as that which mut on the course this year. It is with hearty pleasure I announce that not one accident happened during the race meeting. The course arrange racnts were excellent, reflecting great credit on those who hud been entrusted with the management. 1 append the state of the running. First Dav— March 12th, 1871. At a quarter to ] o'clock, the bell rang out the summons to saddle-up for Tlie Maiden Plate, — A mrcciistakes of 2 snv6. each, with 80 sovs. afldeil ; for maiden horses at time of entry, with a penalty of ft lbs. for winning once there after, and 7 lbs. for winning twice or more ; sccoud horse took the sweep ; 1^ mile j weight for age. Mr.TliomM ILuUcdpo's lir c Oanrooll, Sye&re;, car ried ClbB. out ? , ? 1 Tbcjmaa YbK-k' i-1i g Younp Sainprnin, 3 yoan-n pcaaUy of 711m ? * ? 2 -1. O'lionir'nlirf Vi*™,2 tiam, CJ.rriJJIbi.oviir 9 li. lBovd'a ill in Arclmnxa.' 4 Trar. ?nioiini* Sliaimhan's I. c WiiMvilong. 3 yuan M. JJwyiT'e br r WVonuonnli, 3 yuan. Six nags paraded before die starter. Archoress had been the favorite on the previous night for this race,: but, on the horses taking a preliminary ranter past the stand, Carwooln immediately rose to public eminence, and supplanted the lady of uon'-and-arrows. A good start was effected, the lead being (.alien l-y WVe noonah, who was closely followed by Car woola. Young Sampson, and Archeress. Passing the stand, thu horses wore well together, Weenoonuli still having the lead, with the race, apparently, in liur possession. On Hearing the back of the course, Carnoola and Voting Sampson showed ahead, while Wccnoonali, with Archer lass, fell to the rear. It had now become evident that the prize laid with either Canvoola or Young Sampson. At the distance, Canvoolu put on steam, nml Ciime home an easy winner by several lengths. For second place, there was a remarkably good trial between Young Sampson and the two-year-old iilly ; the little Vixen finished gamely. ] predict that Mr. Oshorni/'s filly will give a good account of herself next year. She is by Y attention, and is out of Miss Pitsford. The winner Cnrnnoln, bred by Mr. Rut ledge, of Molonglo, has Yattcndon also as a sire. Carwoola, a beautiful colt, does credit to his brooder. The Innkeepers' Handicap. — A sweep stakes of 2 sovs. each, with 20 sovs. each ; for all handicapped horses, the sweep going to the second ; twice round the course, oue event. Mr. J!,ir. McAlistcr'a b e Kaffir. S reir-. Jtl. Dibs. ... I K. llyan'n t- B IHnafoo, owd. Sit. tllii ? 2 3\. Williams' bllt g Mack lack, tgrd, M. Olbs. ... 3 ThomiiB Shanahui'fl I) nt Becky Sharp, i years, 5su 1Mb*. J. Millcr'a di m Una, C yean, 7«t. 131bn. Uallhotc NcAliaUrV b g Camel, aKo.l, 8,1. Jlfca. I) Luhr'nlim Vinl-I. npni. ?»t. lib. Tliom»» Yato1 c s Liulo Dick, awl, Crt. J. Miller's lir K Ualb.vaiMl, »?' -11' ? -'? Uabba having been drawn, eight horses claimed attention nt (he starlet's hands. After n little trouble, the competitors got away in nice order. Rineldo had the advantage, pushed hotly by ' dc colored geminan ' of Mr. Williams. There was no recognisable change in the order of the running until, on their going round for the second time, the horses had ap proached the half-mile post. Here, Kaffir rushed up and appropriated the lead, which he kept to the finish, winning with several length to spare. Old Black .luck, who was only fivo weeks ' off the gross,' had not a chance in such com pany. It was the superior condition of Mr. McAlister's hor;.e that enabled him to gain the prize. ? '. Hurdle Handicap. — A sweepstakes of 1£ eov. each, with 20 sovs. added ; for handicapped horses ; one event, twice round the course ; over six hurdles 3ft. 8in. high. Mr.J. WiUiMni'bgComrt.imd. IO.t7ll» ? 1 Thomas Yatea' a « Little Dick, aired. 0-t ? 3 Thomas Yaws' ch g AU-thc-Qo, 8it 4lbs. ? dr. Comet won tins race in a canter. Hack Race. — For 10 sovs. ; the win ner to be sold by public auction for £15, the eurpluB going to the men fund ; for all hacks ; mile heats ; weight for ngc. Mr.Ortwnw'iPtMocli ? „ ? 3 1 1 Leahy's blk g Anrtmllun ? ? ? 1 Seven entered at the post for this race. Australian won the first heat, and the two final ones declared in favor of the old Peacock, who was sold by auction for £20, Mr. G. Osborne being purchaser. Second Day— Mabch 13th, 1871. Bungendore Town Plate. — For 30 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. each ; for all handicapped horses, the second one receiving 6 guineas from the prize 5 one ercnt, twice round. lir. Matthew llcAJirtCT- bgCkmol,«ma,«€t. ? ... 1 J.][fflBr'abrkUab1»,utd,S«tlTb ? .-. 3 Ifcomu Yatrf b m I oaSiu, aged, ht lOlba ....„ 3 E. Ryu'a b g Kioaldo, «jea, tit Slba ? _...dr. E.BojAtchtnArchenn;4Tura,ist;lbt ? dr. Uabba held premier position in betting circles, and was backed at 2 to 1 ; no one dreaming that Camel had a ' ghost of a chance;' but the ' pot boiled over.' After a great- deal of frisky work on the part of tie sporting favorite, tho starter waved them away on fair terms. Juanita went nwny in command, which she re tained for a mile, and a half, when she n;as deposed by Camel. The latter took np the 'running with Uabba, both of whom raced together for a short time. Camel soon parted company with his antagonist, and ran home as a perfectly comfortable winner. Uabba, out of con dition as he is, was not tit to race. The Ladies' Purse of 20 bovb., witba sweepstakes of 30s. each ; for nil horses, second horse receiving the sweep ; mile heats ; weight for age. Mr.MetUiewMoAUsWibgKJifflr ? I 2 1 T Wnllici'BbrBCoN'Uiitiau ? 3 1 S E. llyan'ilclUnnlJo ? 2 3Mr. KnUir was the favorite. The three were sunt off capitally ; Constantino and Ri naldo racing together, as leaders. At the back of the course, Mat,, shoving Knflir up, challenged the others, when a most exciting nice between him and Hinaldo ensued, Kaffir winning on the post, which may be attributed to the good riding of Mr. McAlister. Con st nn tine pulled off for the next heat, in which he und Riualdo struggled from the start, Mr. Walker's horse was landed u. winner by a length ; and Kaffir merely saved Jiis distance. The final heat was won Sn a very leisurely man ner by Kflftir, willi . wiiom Constantine wns not (Ale tt- plwcr* the distance of a yard. Good condition again told in this race. , The Bungendore Stakes of 20 rovb., with a sweepstakes of I ^ sov. each ; for all horses; lj mile, one event; weight for age. Mr.ThnniBBYatM'rtir. Young Simpson ? „ I J.HilliVilprgUubba ? 3 J. llilli'r'nch m Una ? Uabba wns an immense favorite for this race. It wns thought the chesnul colt could not Inst the distance, but he dis nppointftii thu knowing ones ; for he took the lead from the start, was never caught, and won easily. The Consolation Stakes of 1 0 sovs. ; a handicap ; for all burses that had been beaten during the meeting; lj mile, one event. ' Mr.K. nrati'« b (- ninaMo. afed. Bit ? 1 J. Williams Mb f lllack Sack, agpd. 7' 4lhs ? 2 SI. J-»jm'» br f Wn-nooiiiili, 3 yen™, 0-t ? 3 Hmaltlo jumped off with the lead, and Old Jack was n persevering ' follower.' Both contended up to the very finish for premiership, but Jack's improper train ing led to his own defeat. Throughout the contest, Weenoonab was nowhere. A Hurry Scurry, won by Mr. Boyd's horse Gambler, to the disconililurc of a dozen opponents, brought the races to a close. - The Srci'Ti.ixn. At Mr. Leahy's hotel, ' The Harp,' in Bungendore, on settling night, tho prizes were promptly linnded over to ilie respective winners. Oratory and chani pagncd flowed for a time. Everything went off quietly ; and losers, as well as winners, appeared satisfied. Po ended out of the best race meetings ever wit nessed in rtungendore. April 18th, 1871. 