MISCELLANY. Why is a sword like beet?—Because it's no I use till it's drawn. Why is a thunderstorm like an onion?— Because its peal oil {leal. When cannot a toper stand Upright ?— When he's in-knee-briated.—"Fun." An American paper has the following:— " London has smallpox. Vaccinate tbe cable." , When may a man be said to be a book?— When he is a1 tome. The Elder Bebbi.—The Comte de Cham* bord. The Blunderer's Paradise.—The Island ofMuh. "The Musio of the Future."-!-This will, of course, be played exclusively by Bands of Hope, People talk abont the "glorious uncer tainty" of sporting. We know an owner; of rqcehorsea who never fails every night to "pull off "—his boots. —"Fun." ' Long.—" A couple of Belgian giants," says a Yankee contemporary, " are now in the city for the purpose of exhibition. They are so long that It tikes two days to exhibit them." 1 A cat wjas so rash as to lick the cheek of a young lady of Improved complexion, and in a few minutes was no mure. Young gentlemen will please take notice. "Bow mnch did he leave?" inquired a gentleman of a wag, on learning the death of a wealthy citizen. " Everything," responded the wag, " he didn't take a shilling with him! ' Somebody has written a book entitled, "What shall my son be!" Upon which some one replies, " If tbe boy is as bad as the book, the chances aie that he will be hanged." "Examine his Mouth fob his age."— Hector's daughter (to Sunday-school boy): "Oh, you have an elder brother; well, how old ib he School boy : "Donno', Miss, but he's just started o*swear ing." Lazy.—The story of a lazy schoolboy, who spelled Andrew Jackson "&dru; Jaxon," has been equalled by a student who wished to mark half a^dozen new shirts. He marked the first " John Jonee" and the rest "do." A youngster, whilst perusing a chapter of Genesis, turning to liia mother, inquired if the people in those days used to do sums on the ground. It was dircovered that be had been reading the passage; " And tbe eons of men multiplied upon the face of the earth." A Definition fbom One Point of View.— " 1 say, 'Arty, 'ow is it- yer don't 'it it off with Tom Wright?"—'Arry: "Well, yer see, he's such a.Cad! He'a always talkin' rot about mental catture and that sorter thing, yer know, and yer never'ear of'is bein* in debt or gettin' tight—or doin' anyihink manly, yer eee!"* A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going home from the tavern. What shape was it ?" asked the dootor. " In the shape of a jackass," said the man. " Go home," replied tbe physician, " and keep sober. You were drunk last night; and fright ened at your own shadow." Shaking Hands.—A good story comes from Amtrica of a man who, rehearsing Guildenstera, pressed too near Maoxeady, who was playing Hamlet. Remonstrances had no effect, and at length he came so very close that Macready said, " What, sir, you would not shake hands with Hamlet, would you?' "I don't know," said the other, " I do with my own Presi dent." Eabl Febbers' Mother's Difficulty.—The Duke of Sussex told Mr. Adolphus aa a curious anec dote that when Eail Ferrers had been convicted of 'murder great efforts were made to obtain a pardon, on •he ground that he was insane. His mother being ap plied to, and requested to write a strong letter an tbe •ubjeot, answered, "Well, but if I do, how am I to marry off my daughters ?'—•1 Life of Adolphus." A Bad Shop.—Here is an anecdote of Opie and Godwin. Opie was divorced from his first wife, and Godwin was an Infidel. They were walking to gether near St. Martin'a Church. "Ha 1" said Opie; -'I was married in that church." "Indeed!" said Godwin, and "1 was christened in it." "It ishot a good shop, "replied Oplfc "their work don't last,"— "Life of Adolphus." Nothing Like ' Leather.-^. afftxwjf has discovered with the mleroeoqpe that when ire poor milk into* cup of tea, the albumenof the milk and tha tsnnen of the tea Instantly unite and form leather, or minute flakes of tbe very same oomponnd which la tbetextare©fUnnedbidss,and whieh makes it skftti a year a tea-drinker of avi leather to make a pair of A Few Wpbds sfoR Small Birds;—" Spar' Yow. Brotheni, BflUr-tyif.''—• Rnktf — Wehlip tola from*contemporary:—"Ahorjlerhaat received in Xngland from Montreal foriOD sparrowa. We oommend tbis to the aotloo of those «<peoUlly i wooden olnbs. called" Sparrow Olube/'fortlu forma tinh of, which, agricultural blockhesflsley their , "chumps" together. Whw edrtoattonmakeeastride -4h apahowblU'sheee—among these ruttios they will understand .the,' folly 'jut ^qgjhtering small; bt.dk—'' Marriage -ira* &&h; &£ gisritess, and a two-headed and four-legged ringing jady.areat preaebtexhlWUngin London. On the 17th e^dlmlilnk^wthhbaoEitf"paw* ;htoewwddlnghaaihengotu(>fof and had noaaumd oharaetarwhwt r# ^J'ridal. P»*V «bonlfl have i ' le.) in, , sLfl wrighingdwfb.) waa lesa athis ease, and . lywMto&ohcd; •withtfc dimlnttiTeprOpor pAnOB, who waa only TMt wm Thr Two-headed Nightingale Combination made one or two—of the party, This phenomena were not a bridesmaid, Ihty yraa simply asked aa Mends, and, standing near the altar rails, kept bar beads, fiiefl on their taU.com panions. to tinom she ars underitood to be.twarmly - attached. Tbe signing of the names in the register took up a long time, in consequence of the uncertainty . which of the Combination ought to sign—Whether aa witness or witnesses At last tbe difficulty was ad justed (we .believe that the Combination signed with tbe,"off fore" bend-and per procurationem-for the . other partner), end. the united pair left tbe church, followed by the double,unLt behind; the Wedding March playing, and the crowd cheering vociferously.".. 1 Yankee Smartness —The Boston "Medical and burg leal Journal" presents for consideration and. dismission some statements of Mr. Dseor. of Neuf-, cbatel. od the subject of the climate of the United States. Mr. Desor, who appears tu have lived in the States for years, notices that the attention of German immigrants is at once attraoted by tbe circumstance that linen dries in half the time in the New. World that it takes in the Old. Bread dries up.much faster. Mew houses may be ooenpied with the plaster fresh in - them. Wood requires a higher seasoning than in Europe. Mr. Desor states that more raiit fails in the Mew World than in the Old,'and rain falls on almost as many days, hut tbe climate is drier. As soon as fair weather sets in in America less moisture remains - in . the dir. . Mr. Desor holds that the effect of this dry ness is t6 produce the feverish .restlessness which is a well-known mark of the 'American character. Every European landing in American Boston, it is remarked, is struck with this feverish activity. Everybody is in a hurry. People are running rather than walking. If two,friends meet in the street, thev have as a general thing, no time for conversation. They content them selves with a shake of 'the, hand. The activity of the English is characterised as more intentional, that of the Yankee as more instinctive and habitual. Hetace it betrays itself on occasions when it 1b unseasonable. The habit of not allowing time enough for dinner is regarded as in a certain degree endemic; it is ouiy with effort kept under lestraintat watering places by stigmatising this precipitation as unfashion able. Mr. Desor notes tbe effects of tbe north-eaat winds of Europe upon the nervous systems, 'and Ob serves " It is set. perhaps,' without reason that it is in some localities that the north-east wind makes the women out oftemper It is then, too, that we have the least seed of stimulants. I have heard a shrewd observer remark that one should never invite friends '' to dinner during a north-east wind." The dominant ■ wind along the Atlantic ooast of the Uuited States is, he fays, a dry north-west wind, which, like the European north-east wind, blows over the whole con tinent. Be ssks whether it is not to the climate that we must refer the morepernicloua effect of fermented liquors in the United States than elsewhere. An Indian Juggler —While the tom-tom was beating, and the pipe playing, tbe jnggler, singing all the time in low acoenis, smoothed a place inthe gravel, three or four yards before us. Having thus piepared a bed for the plant to grow in, he took A basket aud placed it over tbe prepared place, covering it with a thin blanket. Tbe man himself did not wear a thread of clothing, except a strip round his loins. The time seemed now to have come fbr the detective's eye. So just as he was becoming more eariestin hissong. aud vrbile the tom-tom beat and the (ipe shrilled more loudly, I stepped forward with becoming dignity, and begged bim to bring the basket aud itB cover to me He cheerfully complied, said I carefully examined the basket, which was made of .Open wicker-work. I then examined the cloth covering, which was thin, almost transparent, and oertainly had nothing .concealed in it. I then fixed my eyes on his strip of clothing with such intentneaa that it was not possible it could have been touched without discovery, and bade bim go on; 'feeling sure that the trick could not suc ceed Sitting down, be stretched bis naked' arms pnder the basket, singing and smiling as he did so ; then lifted the basket off tbe ground, and behold a green plant, about a. foot high! Satisfied ^ith our applause, he went oh with his' incantations. After having sat a little, to give his plant time to grow,he again lifted the basket, and the plant was now two feet high. He asked ns to wait a little longer, that we might taste the fruit ! .'But on being asrorod by those who bad seen the -trick performed before that this result would be obtained, 1 confessed myself ** done," without tbe slightest notiou of the how. I examined the ground, and found it was smooth and nnluined. Apparently delighted with my surprise, the juggler stood up laughing, when one of his com panions chucked a pebble to bim, which be put into bis mouth. lmmediaroly the >ams companion, walk ing backwards, drew forth a cord of silk, 20 yards or so in length ; after which the juggler, with hit hands behind his back, throw forth from his mouth two decanter- stoppers, two shells, a spinning-top, a stone, and several other things, followed by a long jet of fire ! If the wise reader regrets so much space being ooenpied byeuch a story, let him pass it on to tbe children, foolish as myself, who will be glad to read it —"Peeps attne rar Jfiast" By fi onn an Alacleod, D.D. 