Pegasus on the Sydney Oup. THE Sydney Cup weights Lave given rise to great tall here, as well as in Melbourne ; and very justly so, 3 should think, seeing that a moro miserable attempt al handicapping has never been seen, in New South wales at any rate. . Look at it which way ono will, it is n failure. Whether as a betting race, a large field, or a fine finish, it must fall far short of what we have been wont to seo ; and quietly looking at it from an unpre judiced point of view, I take it to be an immense mistake. I am not usually given to one-sided views (though, by-tho-by, I do plead guilty to having always stuck to The Barb, which many others wish they had done) ; but I may say that I have gersistently gone against handicapping by threes, luring a long experience of racing I never knew such an arrangement to answer weU ; and I'm quite sure it has not been successful herc. Appoint ono handi capper, and ho has the option of calling to his aid a score of others if he pleases, putting their ideas along side of his own, and drawing his own inferences, as being alone responsible. Appoint three, and some ono of the three must defer to thc other two. I blame no one. I simply say tho system is a bad and a rotten one ; and the handicap just issued for the Sydney Cup proves that it is so. Handicapping by threes is a simple absurdity. It must not be supposed that I wish to run down Jockey Club doings simply because they are Jockey Club doings. I believe firmly in the Derbies and Legers without added money, though I don't believe in the high forfeit. By working these races up for a few years (and the way to work them up is by having a small forfeit, not by adding money), I believe we should very soon seo one Imndred entries instead of forty ; and then tell mo the small forfeit is not the best. Who knows that out of tho Bixty extra colts now left out at entrance time, ten may not come to the post ? and who can toll that tho winner may not bo among them ? But here I must stop, and return to tho handicap. There's great talk about this handicap -everybody is up in arms ; and without doubt it is a bad one. It's easy to say-"You can't spot a winner." Perhaps I can't ; perhaps I won't try. But, allowing all other horses to have boen fit, and tho race to have come off laBt Monday, it must have been a match ; and tho pah would havo been Tho Duke and Tim, I'll beg the question about tho winner of Tattersalls winning the Sydney Gold Cup, and allow of course that he has never done it ; but many facts point to Tho Duke &a; claiming higher consideration than any previous winner. I say this, notwithstanding I have perhaps run him down, because he has never done a good thing since his Derby, and I always fancied that a fluke I never have seen Tho Duke . " fit" till tho other day ; and I believe I shall be borne out when I say that I have always held horses should be handicapped according to what they do in, not out of condition. I think I remarked that none of our handicappers saw the Mel bourne running ; and nothing could dearly provo tho want of that eye experience moro than this adjustment of weights. The top weight puts at least four-fifths of tho horses clean out of tho race. Aro there seven horses in the race that can do the two miles in less time than Tim ? That is the question ; and I say, No 1 at the weights, Most people know there were a dozen that had no chance before the weights como ont ; but, " how many havo a chanco after ?" There's another question. Carrying lOst, Tim Whiffler won tho Midsum mer Handicap last week, doing the milo and three-quar ters in iJ'lö ; and as the race ** never was in doubt from tho distance," it is at least presumable that the winner had something considerablo to spare in his two lengths' win. Now had ono of tho handicappers seen the race, or a few shillings been spent in a special telegram, Tim would not havo been dealt with accord ing to tho published telegraphic report that tho three placed animals wore within half a length. This shows how careful handicappers should be to bo quite certain how a race has been run before they act upon the running. Warrior and Trump Card aro 'pretty well out of it ; and the handicappers are evidently deter mined that Mr. Ivory shall keep'JBylong at the stud, seeing that they have given tho seven-year-old "hairy-legged un" no chance. Croydon is tho only one of the top weights that has a ghost of a chance with Tim; and;'/; that chance depends not on his being as good as wo know him to be, but on nobody knowing how good ho is. Judging from what I see in other cases, Croydon's handicap is due not to any fondness for his owner, but to that owner's good fortune in not having exposed his horse. - Hpwever, if he has the benefit of the doubt with Croydon, he's got it all the other way with Comedian, who must bo weighted on his owner's account, as ho gives pounds to several winners, such as Juanita, Hebe, and ILtus (all his seniors), and Argyle, a winning threçsr«vr-old, besides a stono each to the four-year-old Caption Cook, and the three-year-old brother to The Duke. Now why all this is "no man mote tell," unless it bo to givo a little piquancy to the turned loose tail by not having them all at Sst 71b. I'll defy any one to say how or why tho Uno was drawn. Little Dick has been backed, on thc supposition that he will be, or is now, as good a horse as ho was on his Tatter sail's Day ; but this hypothesis doesn't seem to have entered the heads of the handicappers ; and he's fairly in, or would be wore it not for tho fact that he is giving his gelding's allowance, a year, and a pound, in all 81b, to The Duke, who I take leave to think every way a better performer. We know that Mr. Thomp son's horse can and will travel two miles ; that he finishes well ; and both these predications are at present only on supposition as regards the other. For this reason I can't have Dick while The Duke is in the race, or old Tim either. I don't suppose any one will explain why Sir William is made to give weight-even though it be only two pounds-to Strop, Kaizer, or Sir John ; neither is it likely (as the handi cappers evidently embody no principle of dealing with untried horses in their races) that, we shall learn by what rule in such cases made or provided, the five- year old Cyclops lights so comfortably on 7st. By-the-bye, I hear he has been out ; but there's no line to be got from these "Village Belle" events, when stock horses and such bike run off tho grass. So this five-year old is gauged at tho capabilities of the whilom crack Traverton, and the always over-rated Pearl. I come now to Florence who, as a very doubtful animal, sometimes very good, and other times as bad, must be a difficult animal to handicap. However it',s a long time since we have had her like when in the humour ; and, on looking back, I find that in The Barb's first Sydney Cup, when the top-weight was 9st 101b, the Italian carried 7st Gib as a three-year old. It cannot be argued that " The black and white horse" could be classed at the end of his three- year old season with Florence at the end of hers ; and our crack filly seems to me one of tho few that can have a chance. If on her good behaviour, she must hold all tho other three-year-olds quite safe; unless, indeed, Illumi nation should have improved into a good stayer. Mr. Town having scratched Sir William as soon as the weights appeared, I will only give an opinion that had he been treated to Cst 121b it would have been no certainty, and the horse would not have been first favourite. I'm quite sure the handicappers don't think there has been any thing crooked about Mr. Town's horse ; but how they reconcile his deserts and the weight he is treated to, I long to know ; for, although Sir William doesn't accept, tho thing is interesting. When Hambleton Hill was five years old he camed 8st 21b j and I'm quito sure ho had never established such a reputation as Tho Duke's after his " Tatt's" day performances. Now, though it may be said that tho handicap was ten pounds higher, as Tho Barb carried lOst §lb, yet I would point out that tho handicap was in reality seven pounds lower, seeing that Al as a three- year-old carried but fist. In that race North Australian carried 8st 81b j and I would ask, could he give a stone and a beating to such a 'Duke as we saw win Tattersalls Cup ? And touching that said Cup, is it any certainty that Barbolle could have won it with 8st 21b up ? I hardly think so ; and yet at four years old she was weighted at 7st 71b for the Sydney Cup, and won it with a penalty of 31b ; with The Earl, carrying 7st 81b, running a dead heat for second. It would seem that the system of bringing out the Gold Cup weights after the Tattersall^ Cup only enables tho winner of tho latter event to be thrown well in ; as it is made quite evidont from the first and last horse getting each [nine pounds off, that tho running for Tattersall^ Cup was not taken into account by the handicapping triumvirate. Sir John ran second, not a good ono certainly, and ho has sixteen pounds off his back, while the animal that ran last is treated in the same category as tho winner ; and Sir William, who was well beaten by Sir John in the Gift, at a difference of 21b., gives tho judgo's baronet the same 21b. still, on some unknown principle not easy to guess at. In short, every animal in the Tat tersalls Cup race has moro consideration shown it than the ono that was absolutely last. By this means Al and Juanita are lot in pretty well. In the Tattersall^ race Juanita gave Mr. Bradbury's maro 51b, and now Al gives her llb ; but for tho matter of that both aro well enough in, according to their previous doings, and, were a general moleo to take place, would for almost a certainty finish among the first six or seven. _ Some of the principal curiosities of the handicap may bo picked out as follows :-First, the weight upon Bylong, who, after being a season at tho stud, is treated to 8st, though when very fit, twelve months before, ho couldn't win with 7st 121b. The noxt is Trump Card, who received a stone and a beating from Sir William, and now gives that titled worthy 101b ; received 2at 71b and a beating from Tim in the Metrop., and now has to be content with 1st Sib ; was at oven weights with Tho Duke in the same Metrop., when the latter was notoriously unfit, and now that Mr. Thompson's horse has condition as well as first-class performances to help him, the Card is made to give him a stone. The explanation of these things must bo marvellous. But, in Trump's ease, it may be said that Mr. De Mestro has been eased off pretty well ; and having Tim, Stumpy, and Titus all in with winning chances, ho has no right to complain if his fourth string is handi capped right out. Here is no reason, however ; for tho Card has a right to somo sort of a BIIOW at any rate ; and though Stumpy in the abstract has a winning weight to carry, what possible good is it to him, com paratively, with The Duke at 7st 71b? Al, too, when receiving 21b from Trump Card, beat him, and when she gave him 41b ho beat her. Now ho positively gives her a couple of stone, as if he had all at once become endowed with tho strength of Hercules and the speed of a swallow ; and to add to tho appearance of things, this wonderful Card has lGlb put on his back, because ho couldn't win at 7at 51b. Good oncouragBment, truly ! when ho gives The Duke a stone for tho honour of having beaton him home for socond place in a milo and a quarter at 7s£ 101b each. I've often boen told that I have no business to writo about handicapping, because Iain quite ignorant on the Bubject ; and, moreover, that when geutlemen take tho trouble to handicap their own and othor people's horses, I and other common scribes like mo havo no right to find fault. Perhaps both objections to tho doings of " Pegasus" aro correct ; but at any rato, if tho present adjustment of tho Sydney Cup weights bo handicapping, then I'm content to romain in ignoranco of the science ; and if the system of "everyone his own j handicapper" comes to be generally recognized ns thc thing, the handicappers all round may depend on being loft to themselves and their handiwork without any remark from me. Having pointed out somo of the curiosities, I may be permitted to ask, what possible chance Groy Momus is supposed to have ? and allowing all throe to como fit to tho post, taking previous doings as the guide, what would be the odds on Rosebud against Momus, and Thc Moor, coupled. A thousand pounds to eight drinks might bo safely laid that tho chestnut maro beat Comedian. Keeping in mind the différent principles applied to Cyclops and Comedian, I will wind up by poiuting out what appear to mo tho real good things of the handicap, as they are not many, and won't take long to enume rate. The throwing in of The Duke ; tho consideration shown to Tim ; the desire not to ovcr-woight Stumpy, Bosebud, and Titus ; supposing Tho Duke and Tim to start fit, tho others with a chance of being forward, will be Florence, Croydon, Littlo Dick, Al, and Juanita. 