TOPICS OF THE DAY. The half-yearly meeting of the Na- <*> tional Marine Insurance Company will be held this afternoon. A meeting of the South Australian thicket Club is to be held this evening for the transaction oi important business. A meeting is to be held at Port Ade laide this evening with respect to the incorpo ration of the North-parade, and other matter* of interest to the ratepayers of the Fort. . We (Wallaroo Times) understand that the Ber. A. Michie, Presbyterianminister at Fort Wallaroo, has felt compelled to tender his re signation on account of ill-health. The loss of the rev. gentleman will be severely felt on the Peninsula. The Gregorys closed their season at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday, March 4, when they gave two entertainments—one in the afternoon, which was well attended, and another in the evening, to a, large house. On each occasion the performances passed off most successfully. We observe, on reference to our adver tising columns, that Mr. Peter Campbell, Bosh Missionary and Temperance Lecturer (who h at present in town), intends delivering his popular lecture on Intemperance, &c;, in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. There will also be recitations, written and delivered by the lec turer. On Saturday morning Mr. R.\B. Smith was driving along King'William- street, and when turning into Grenfell-street acci dentally came into collision with Mr. Oldfield's ■prang-cart. Mr. Smith's vehicle narrowly escaped capsizing, and had one of its wheels broken. Beyond that we believe no damage was done. The anticipation that the entertain ment at Glenelg given on Friday evening by Mr. Cotterell and Miss Amelia Bailey would be a success, was abundantly realised. There was a large and fashionable attendance, and the programme was carried out in a very successful manner. Next week Mr. Cotterell and Miss Bailey will take a tour in the Southern Dis tricts. "With respect to the scullers' match be tween Messrs. Walker and Blalrie, it will be re membered that the Judge decided that the match should be rowed over again. Accordingly the Judge attended at the course at the speci fied time, but Walker only put in an ap pearance, and having rowed over the course, was declared by the Judge winner. The stake holder has not yet handed over the stakes. On Friday evening the employe's en gaged at the establishment of Mr. H. L. "Vosz had a friendly meeting at tbe Hotel Europe to spend an evening with his son, Mr. Win. "Vosz, who has so long been known aa connected with it, prior to his early departure ior Europe. The heaity sympathy and best wishes for his wel fare and success were spontaneously rendered by all present (numbering about 40). A most pleasant evening passed off, and was enlivened by songs and recitations. On Tuesday afternoon, as a dray be longing to a person named Biirgoyne, of Bowden, was passing along the Mount Barker road, the hone shied and ran into the bank. The dray was completely capsized, and one of the occupants fixed underneath it His groans attracted the notion of a person coming with auoUier dray, and he was after some difficulty extricated, having sustained severe injuries to his face and right leg. The driver was also slightly injured.— Southern Argus. Dr. Englehardt, who went home last year in the Collingrove, has returned in the Ana to Melbourne and brought fire Wardian. cases of valuable plants for the Botanic Garden here, which by the admirable attention he paid to them on the voyage to Melbourne, and thence to Adelaide, have arrived in fine condition, and they will be a valuable addition to the rare plants now in the garden under Dr. Schomburgk'a care. The cases contain more than 200 different species new to the colony. On Saturday morning, March 4, Mr. George Aldridge commenced his management of the Central City Market under very favor able auspices. At dawn of day the carts and waggon?, to the number of {eighty, had taken or were auumingitheir positions in the sheds and open ground, and there was soon a good muster of thrifty and early-rising citizens, the scene being pleasantly enlivened by the strains of an excellent band. A fair trade was driven, and there is every appearance of the new arrange ment proving a success, as it is generally felt that Adelaide Is large enough to support two markets. The nomination for the Councillorship of Kensington Ward, rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. Henry Hughes, took place at the Town Hall, Norwood,. on Saturday morning, March 4. There waa a small atten dance. Mr. Councillor Goodesrpresidedas Re turning Officer, and the Town Clerk (Mr. J. E. Monlden) read the papers nominating Mr. Geo. J. Outlaw, who was proposed by Messrs. Henry Hughes, Ohas, Dalton, and Thomas Ward; and was seconded by Messrs. Alexander Jackson, John Benson, and George Stanton. The Be tuming Officer having declared Mr. Outlaw elected without opposition, the proceedings dosed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A soiree, under the auspices of the Early Closing Association, will be held in the Town Hall this evening. An excel'ent programme has been arranged, and there is little doubt the entertainment will be of a very interesting and enjoyable character. In addi tion to vocU and instrumental music, readings, and recitations, several speeches relative to the objeois of the Association are to be delivered. His "Worship the Mayor is to occupy the chair, and Mr. B. B. White is to act as Conductor, Mr. W. B. Chinner pre siding at the pianoforte. The fact that there is no charge for admission, combined with the attractiveness of the proceedings, will probably draw a crowded attendance. The Owmeracha Guardian records two serious accidents. On Monday morning William Gilbert, a little boy aged two years, whose pa rents reside at Millbrook, was playing in a stable with seveial other children, when he was kicked on the right side of the head by a horse, and sustained a severe fracture of the skull. He was at once taken to the Hospital, where he lies in a very precarious state. A serious acci dent occurred to Mr. Richard Bolt on Tuesday evening. He was returning home with his wag gon, when he fell off and the wheel passed over J his stomach. He was fearfully injured, but at present it is not known whether a fatal termi nation is likely to be avoided. Dr. Esau has been in attendance, and administered laudanum. Mr. Bolt is a son-in-law of Mr. George Dunn. The second edition of Friday's Gawler Times contains the following paragraph respect ing the gold discovery in the North:—" 6 p.m. Highly important news has just reached us re specting the alleged discovery of gold near Mount Bryan. In consequence of Mr. Dare's letter to the Register, denying the published statement that he had washed out four ounces of gold in three days, Mr. Peters- wald made it his business to see Wm. Antwis, who was the first to give the infor- mation. Antwis signed a declaration made before the Warden, to the effect that Mr. Dare showed him from 3 to 4 ozs. of gold in a bottle, and told him and his mates (Charles Dyer and Amos Button) that one of his (Dare's) shep- herds had obtained it, and he bragged that then was more gold up there than had ever been got from Borossa. Mr. Hiles, a neigh- bouring squatter, has recently mentioned seWng 6 ozs. of gold from the same locality. We understand a rush is already commencing to the place." -The Southern Argus says, with, refe- rence to shooting on the Lower River:— " Within the memory of white men wild ducks were never known to be so numerous on this part of the Murray. The large backwaters and lagoons formed by last year's extraordinary flood, in some cases extending many miles from the shores of Lake Alexandrina, &c;, are the favorite resort of countless flocks of waterfowl, principally ducks, of which species there are no less than «ix different varieties, Mt., the black, the wood, the spoonbill, and the brown duck, or widgeon, «lso the common teal, and the pinkeyed or whistling teal, which last, although the most diminutive, is at the same time"the most delicate of Australian ducks. Swans, pelicans, and geese are also plentiful. Two well-known gentlemen, resident at "Wellington, succeeded the other day in bagging 17J couple of ducks; and bags of from one to two dozen have lately been quite common, *ometimes obtained in a few hours. Ducks are now quite at a discount in the neighborhood. - The third session of the ; Norwood Young Men's Society was commenced on Rriday evening, March 3, when €he «mmJ business meeting was held in Mr. T. Caterer's school room. There was a large attendance, and-the President, Mr. W. L. Glyde, M.P., presided. The Secretary read the report, which stated that there were 54 members on the'roll, and 34 meetings had been held. The Treasurer's statement was also read, showing a balance in hand of £1 11«. lia. after paying £9 donation to the Franco-Prussian War Kelief Fund, and £5, donation for special prizes, for competition by pupils in Mr. Caterer's school. On the motion of Mr. Dagenhardt,' seconded by.Mr. Spong, a unanimous vote of thanks was passed to -Hie retiring officers, for whom Mr. W. H. Phillipps responded. - The following gentlemen were elected for the ensuing year —President, Mr. W. L. Clyde, M.P. (re-elected); Vise- President, Mr. T. Caterer; Treasurer, Mr.i*1. EL Wigg; and Secretary, Mr. W. H. Phiffipps (re-elected); Oommitteemen, Messrs. Wi P. Auld and J. W. Bussell. Auditor, Mr.-G. Dagenhardt. Delegates to VSTrang Men's Society's Union, .Messrs. J. W. Bu?seTl and J. L. Coombs. - ' ' ' *" ..-.." ■';■ At the monthly competitionl for flie Enfield Bifie Club Medal, on Saturaay, Mr.\ Leonard was the'successful competitor; har&g; made 55 points. Messrs. Stibbles and Starnes tied for second place with 48 points. The dis tances were 300, 500, and 600 yards, seven rounds at each distance. The following are the scores:— , . .; . Some mischievous person seem; to delight in damaging the markers* butts,-five of jrhich have the Toof s carried away, aUhonglr&e; Club went to the expense of getting them ind the butts repaired. Now again the roofs are gone. 53ie purloiner if caught. ought to be made an"ex ample of. Another old colonist has passed away from us in the person, of Mr. John Dickins, a gentleman for many years connected with the press of South Aus tralia, who died on Saturday, March 4, in his 79th year. The deceased was a son of the late Mr. J. Dickins, shipowner and mer- chant, of Plymouth, and on the death of his father took his position in the business, and was for many years a partner in the firm of Warwick & Dickins. Owing to a reverse of fortune he left England in the year 1838, in the Pestonjee Bomanjee, for Adelaide, with his family, excepting one child whom he left in the old Country. Bringing recommendation from Mr. G. F. Angas, and other gentlemen of high standing, he secured a situation in connection with the South Australian Company, which he held for many years, till he became connected with the press; and after taking an active part in the editorial management of various news- papers he was engaged upon the staff of the Observer and Register by the late Mr. John Stevens, and retained his position with those papers till within a year of his death. He was much esteemed by those who were acquainted with him. He leaves behind him a wife, three sons, three daughters, and numerous grand children, to mourn their loss. The Turkish Bath, on the City Bridge road, notwithstanding the sanguine satisfac- tions of its founders, has not proved a very great success, financially considered. Better fortune has attended a similar institution In Hobart Town, judging from the Directors' report for the year 1870, from which the following are the most important extracts :—"The receipts from the Bath daring tbe twelve' months'have been i'Sll Bs., while the disbursements were £448 143. 5d., leaving a net. profit of £62 13s. 7d. It is necessary to remark tbst the =iex penditure has been greater than' was antici pated under the head of'repairs.' Nearly oiie half of that amount was incurred 'in the last quarter of 1869, arising - front a defect in the drainage, which had to be made good ; and, upon the change ef domestics in~4fee early part of last year, the private house jafid premises had to undergo considerable tepaiE. The number of. baths taken during the year has been 6,050; of these 2,115 were ladies, and 3,935 gentlemen. This, although not wrarijto , the numbers taken during the first year, when the attraction of novelty probably had'its effect, is yet snfficient to establish the fact tiiat the Turkish, bath continues to be extensively and highly appreciated, both for its comfort and its utility in cleansing and curing." Accidents have been rather numerous lately in Gawler. The Bunyip gives the follow- ing information respecting tbe sufferers by' the most recent mishaps there:—"On Tuesday, two little boys riding behind a lorry- aoowlent allyfelltothe ground, one of them in'such a manner that a wheel went partly over him, and —what appears almost miraculous—without In flicting serious injury.—On Thursday, as Mr. Dredge was engaged at the fitting shop at the Phoenix Foundry, he accidentally came in con tact with tbe fly-wheel of the engine, receiving a severe blow over the eye, and bruises through being violently thrown to the ground.. The case, which might have been very _ seri?«iL is being attended by Dr. Nott,—The'ssnlj day, Mrs. Boemcke, of the- Gawler 'Belt Inn, met with a- serious fall, theiserfagt inadvertently left open the ' trap --Sow of the cellar behind her," ■withbnMgflrtng notice of the action, thecon?equanee'tietng^nat . Mrs. Boemcke was precipitated' into the celltf, ' and was much bruised about the .head. SHeEu i now under the care of Dr. Nott; andlt is hoped that no serious injury may prove ;to be the re ; suit of so heedless a want of common care.—We . are glad to report that Ashby, "who was sent to ; the Hospital throughi?Juiies redeived by'a fall i of earth at the new foundry,: is recovering, and hopes shortly to return to Gsurlac.—Tbe little boy, son of Mr. James Kelly, Gawler South, two of whose fingers webb amputated at their tips by the wind closing * ■aW-rialently upon them, is, we understand, doingjrell, and what is not a little remiu&ib;&t;'flbe junction of the amputated finger gnAs,-«tteinptod bj Mis. Popham, is likely to prove; ajQso£ss,^siuL JfTsp, markable and splendid lesson'"" from "a*very v. talented, though notyetdtdyqualifiedmembe&" The celebralion^'or!. ,the. of the. Glenelg_.Congrega^njjJLC3uuich. wu ■ commenced os Sunday; the£th-of -Ma&th.;'- Tfc** , pastor, the Ber.-C. Usnthorpe, who has just recovered from a «erereillnesv, conducteS tbe services, and on both occasions the coDgte -1 gations were large, especially jn.tlin morning, when the following text was the subject'of an : impressive discourse-^-"Therefore, my beloved i brethren, fee ye utedfart, unmotafcle,' always abounding in .the .work .of.the .Lord; foimk ' much as ye know that your labor is ntft in vain in the-Lord,?'—l. Corinthians, jcv. 58. 1 In the course of his remark? the rev. .gentleman > stated that he had selected those words,-fee -1 cause they were appropriated the oecasion.Tmd iin harmony with his own feelings. Time was fleeting, and they were reminded of *oany who i had lived amongst them but had passed away i from this world, and their own lives always unr certain, and brief at the utmost, might be sud denly terminated, He exhorted Ithem, there , fore, so to live that they might at all times be ready to meet their Lord and their Judge., In the evening, Mr. Manthorpe baaed iis disooufs1 • on the seventh verse of the third 'Chapter of Hebrews — "Wherefore as the Holy Ghost saith, to-day, if ye wifl: heii his voice." The preacher earnestly urgedfliig hearers to listen to the voice of Christ, and^b pealed to them, as ene who spoke fronj f the ex perience gained on a bed of-sickness—as one who had recently been near the grave, and realised the difference between receiving the messenger of death with a trust in a living Saviour, and meeting him unsustained by any such hope. A collection was made at the close of each service, the proceeds .' amounting in all to about £15. The.Bev. Mr. Manthorp* explained that the proceeds of that anniversary were to be devoted to liquidating the debt on the schoolroom. He observed that, their pro gress as a Church and congregation had been remarkable; that they had had an addition-of £50 to their revenue during the year: but I having the schoolroom to build he appealed to their liberality for assistance. . . c Tr Mr. Leonard ... 17 19 19 65 Mr. Stibbles ... 16 17 16. 48 Mr. Statues ... 17 21 10 48 Captain Scott ... 14 14 19 47 Mr. Baker ... 17 20 ' 8- . .45 Mr. CottreU ... 15 20 . 10 45 Mr. Beyer ... 13 12 19 r44 Mr. Bead ...... 10- Ifr U 40 Mr. Bobjohns ... 14 : 13 0 .27 Mr. Bickford ... .11. . 6 - *l fSHl Mr. fiumberstane X2 - 6 ; '01- r<18 Mr. Melville .:'. 6 ' '"7 .:. ; J0\ \ If 