TURF GOSSIP. Br Platboi. a Owing totheabsenceof many members of the ring and the near approach of the Hawkes bury Meeting, the business done amongst the remaining book-makers h|ts been limited, although the Victoria Lounge has been well attended daily, and the Prince of Wales in the evenings. The betting on the Metropolitan has undergone little change. Warrior has resumed his old position at the head of the quotations, 6 to 1 being all that is offered against him, Hamlet having fallen to 100 to 12. Barbelle is firm at 8 to 1; 800 to 100 was exe cuted tor Sydney on Monday. Lottery is rather improving in the market, and he and Florence may be quoted at the same price, 10 to L There is a slight reaction again in favour of Endeavour, as 12 to 1 is difficult to be got about him. The Pearl is likely to see a short figure, as he has advanced to 100 to 8. No alteration has taken place in Rosebud's value, her friends waiting to see how she be haves at Hawkesbuiy. There was a bit of a spirt made about The Spy the end of lost week, but the talk, for it was more talk than business, has died oat 1.000 to SO was wanted about Lady Ciifden, but the book makers stuck out at 100*8 to 7, which has not yet been accepted. Surbiton is looking up, and he may now be. quoted at 15 to L There are no alterations to report on the Melbourne Cup, the only transactions that have come to light being 1.000 to 40 taken about Pyrrhus, and 500 to 35 about Amethyst. The Derby has not been touched, even money being offered against Hamlet, 5 to 2 agst Beatrice, and 4 to one agst Retort The Hawkesbnry ' events attracted a good deal of attention the beginning of the week. Retort was the favourite for the Maiden Plate at 3 to 1. 4 to 1 being offered against others. 4 to Iwas. offered on the field for the Derby. Whalebone was the favourite, and Avenue, Juliau, Avenel, Xarifa, and The Acjm next in demand. A couple of hundred were pat on The Baron on Monday, for the Grand Han dicap, at 4 to 1, and a bit of a ru-m was made in the evening to get on to Tiie Pearl, 4 to 1 being readily taken ; 3 to 1 was all that was forthcoming about Rosebud, which w»s not, taken. Both Lottery and Croj don were sap ported at 5 to L and a small bet was laid against Illumination at the same price: 6 to 1 was offered against Sir William <>r ltawden, but we did not hear of either being backed. Most business was done in doubles, Maiden Plate and Handicap, and Derby and Handi cap, at very short prices, backers of horses preferring this way of doing business, although the chances are all against them. The acceptances for the Melbourne Cap were made on the 10th inst, and they may be considered highly satisfactory, even money having been laid that they did not exceed 45. Those that have retired were quite anticipated in their non- acceptance, and only one may be said to have caused any disappointment, as there were a few followers of the demon's family who, just to make things pleasant, selected Barbarian in some of the doubles. Mr. Barnard may now take the flattering unction to his soul in having succeeded in his endeavours to satisfy a very large majority of the owners of horses in the Cap. These are the principal persons interested in the race, and the bue-aud-cry that was raised in certain quarters against Mr. Barnard's handicap has now been most conclusively answered. Moselle, the winner of the Randwick St Leger, and the filly that ran Charon to a head for the fastest Derby ever ran in the colonies, and who was purchased by Mr. Hunter, of Woodstock, at the sale of Mr. Holland's thoroughbred horses, is destined for the Indian turf, where Mr. Hunter intends taking her in the coarse of a month. After running there, she will return to Woodstock, and take up her abode amongst the many fine brood mares collected .together in that establish ment. The Hawkesbury Mares' Produce Stakes has filled remarkably well, but not equal to the mpst sanguine expectations, for I certainly thought to bave found, at all events, the names of Messrs.. Petty and Hunter among the list of nominators. It iB a very good beginning, however, and all the principal breedere of New South Wales ,bave given the .club ^heir support, as Messrs Reynolds," Baldwin, Town, Loder, Readford, Tait, Cox, Lee, &c.;,_ are to be found amongst, Hie, pntries,..wbich number M. The Hawlfesbiuy Race Clttli bid fair to become of importance, second only to the AJ.C. in New South-Wales, and the late inhering is an earnest of the groat interest oiroers of hoi^gftdtbc public generally take .in its welfare. ... ,, ,. , The Austialhm JpCkey Clhblifts ft last put Its veto,on anulrebbo: which*(nas become alfnpsrinbMMpTWnilffi HhffifTSIMM 'at; 'here can be little dohbVthafc'the presence of gentlememlhliocare atltiuiaa not at all ' thetr j»rey»ntod1 .9.1. j element atrtrwe twangs-nl as they are ^rtaeWi|,9i bdt < the ownwi bffcdfwis," but bt adj atomMfcabbv realtors,; ,hQweyiff,MO,rp' w* , difig reretmb aid'en|d$rei»&t;' tuuwPublic. Theyafb/ tfisfefwrij'' bannbt mwoom, wuU nodbubt i C.^Sritt#to«defortofeira»8^airfo i in feuch a-waythat will notibbiy ^nabtejthem/ to. •.* practise their i; calling; ^(thout offence to any one, hut1, at; same rime to have£%■:■. prospect of |s OP The re^rtsihly notthe#aoe for the * ^s^^sthe^an^s' <&e;^tl>6rt&m; (la c jrliat of the public who patronize them to enjoy 1 the racing, and the furi that js going on afound, without being deafened, and perhaps scandalised, by the presence of the gentlemen of the ring. The nominations for the Ballarat Handi caps increase in number as the well- managed club of the golden city, with its beautiful racecourse at Dowling Forest, gets more and more into favour with owners of horses Taking into consideration ibat the city of Ballarat is not the place it "used tow as," when nuggets the size of legs of mutton were to be picked up for the looking for tbera, the club keeps, on the tenor of its way, and whether or no profits are raised or diminished, the racing at Dowling Forest goes ahead. For' the Cup' there are no less than 43 nominations, including all the cracks of the season, and many horses from Sydney —the success of Croydon last year bringing three from Mr. Winch alone. The mite ana a half race has three more entries; both handicaps having filled better than they ever did on any previous occasion. In answer to a paragraph which I wrote last week, I have been informed by a person who was on board the ship in which Mr. Fisher's horse, TheSkipper, was sent to India, that two days after leaving this port; whilst the vessel got nearly ashore off Cape Northum berland during a gale, a sea struck her, and the whole of the fittings on one side of the vessel gave way, and that 60 of the horses were sent sprawling in the hold, the Skipper either getting strangled or dying of apoplexy in trying to extricate himself, and that he saw him thrown overboard. A horse of the name of Victor was amongst the lot safely landed, and is the veritable Victor now in India, and suspected to be The Skipper. My original informant, who had just returned by the last mail, saw the horse called Victor, and sup posed him to be The. Skipper, and had no doubt whatever in his mind as to his identity; and as he had known the horse for years whilst on the turf here, I imagined that bis information was correct. Whether or no Victor is The Skipper, or that The Skipper's ghost is wandering about India, remains a mystery, which no donbt will be solved by several gentlemen who know the horse, and are shortly going to Calcutta. Several shippers of horses to the Indian market highly approve of the suggestions thrown out in the leader of last week's Australasian, and would willingly remunerate a properly-appointed person to certify to the pedigree of any thoronghbreds shipped by them. For the credit of the colony and the protection of the honest dealer in the trade, some such arrangement ought to be made. If it be beyond the functions ot the Government to interfere in the business, the matter is in the hands of the shippers themselves; and should they elect a responsible person to inspect and certify as to the thoroughbred stock sent •from here, and that such be known in India or elsewhere, there is little chance of concocted ship's pedigrees being accepted in a foreign market. Mr. Petty is likely to have a full harem at Maribymong ibis season for Fireworks, Angler; aud Manuka, as mares, and promises of others, are arriving daily, to be served by these celebrated stallions, Mr. Hunter's Tom King and Ferry man are also being well patronised, and the fine appearance of Dr. Bathe's biglily-bred Stockham has induced several breeders to give this hitherto overlooked horse a trial. I have not heard that any aristocratic youngsters have made their ap pearance thus early in the season at any of these gentlemen's establishments or else where ; and as the notification of births in high life is re id with considerable interest by racing men, breeders would lose nothing by sending in a weekly return of their foals to the office of The Australasian. The Albury Turf Club have taken the field. Their races are fixed for the ILth and 12th of January, and the two principal in ducements in tbe_ programme were made public last week, viz, the Albury Handicap of 150 so vs., distance two miles, and the Grand Stand Handicap of 75 so vs., one mile and a half, nominations to be made on or before the 2Sth November. What with the valuable prizes at Wagga Wagga, Albury, Beechworth, and other places, the sporting gentlemen of the border don't intend to be behindhand in liberality and encouragement to the breeders of good horses, the effects of which are yearly made manifest by the su perior animals that make their appearance on the Metropolitan racecourse from that part of the country. It is to be hoped, therefore, that some of our racing men will be plucky enough to return the visit of those who give us a taste of the quality of the horses bred in the Albury and Beechworth country. In the course of a very Short time these sporting districts will be accessible by railway, and there is little donbt but that then the liberal, stakes offered by their respective clubs will find a ready response from the racing men of the south. At a meeting of the Committee of the V.R.C., held last week, the stewards for the forthcoming season were appointed, the following being the gentlemen elected:— Messrs. R. Goldsbrough, H. C. Jeffries, C. B. Fisher, R. Power, and. A. W. Robertson ; judge, Mr. E. Row, and starter, Mr. G. Watson. The deputation of the com mittee appointed to wait on the Minis ter of Railways to induce him to extend the double line to the course met with a courteous reception, and there. is every prospect of the rails being laid down before the Spring Meeting. I believe. there was some pernor as to the funds necessary for executing the work, when one of the gentle men of the deputation offered to find the sum required if it would be refunded out of the receipts, which liberal offer was, of course, politely declined. Another deputation of the ! committee waited on the Chief Secretary on Monday to'obtain from him his objections to' the- V.R.C. Bill now More Parliament, and after; Mr. Attenboroiigh explained mhtter*,-Mr. Duffy expressed himselfaatisfied, and promised that the - bill should have no further opposition frotp the/Government. . For the particular edification of theowners of pntire horses residing at an distance, it may bp as well mentioned now, 'bo that entries are made in time, that nominations of stallions for the aeoond year tot the V.R G. Sires' Produce Stakes close-oil the 1st of Sep fetaber next The 'tihmeiof the aire, with a promissory note of £20 made payable to the pmer of Mr* R. 0. fiagot,-must be sent to toltitt' MaMSlaBaakv'a.i^JiAisu i1 i&a; . tlsato .jkl ttfw that gentieeaan'8 |ofiice,' fir that of Mr. Bue" BhchanThompwra, Sydney, on or before the< above date, i Blank forms: of the sameoan H had irf i Oither of toem. , These young •prizes, ve.nowgettipg to btt of muph ponsa fll Wing men, <and .owner? Pf ioroughbred entires tbat uavg, the, remotest fence fof. hreeding araceborae will atuiiy Beir mm |ritei^t ; hy inofeftsing the amount , fthislmportantand vsi.uableistake "" " HI,we ;4r? informed .that the • entire horse Boiando died sud dajrlMl. .XtW-pqlr , BP wasahipped to ieeke, who f Pet ' 1 Friday Evening. Since the results of the Hjiwkesbnryraces have become known Mr. Ilnfe's mares. Aramaand Snowd rift,have both Vwoi hacked for the Metropolitan—Arama at 8to %, and Snowdrift at. 10 to 1. For the Melbourne Cap Oloncon has re ceded,bis price now being 100 rod. Arama and Snowdrift are both qnoted at 100 to b. . The following is the latest state of the odds:— A.J.C. DERBY. Even on Hamlet 6 to 2 agbt Beatrice. 6—1 Betort. 6 — 10 to I aget others. GREAT METROPOLITAN STAKES. 6 to 1 agst Warrior (ik.) 7 — 1 H»ml»t. (off.) 8 — 1 Barbell e (tic ) 8 — 1 — Aruma f tic.) 8 — 1 Snowdrift 10 — 1 — Florenoe (tic.) 10 — 1 Lottery (tk.) 12 — 1 — Endeavour (off.) 12—1 The Pearl (tic.) 12 — 1 — Rosebud (off.) 14—1 Surblton (tk.) 16 — 1 Lady Clifdun (off.) MELBOURNE cup. 100 to 0 agst Little Dick. 100 — 8 — Amethyst. 100 — 7 Lapdog. 100 — 6 Glenooe. 100 — 6 — Arm ma. 100 — S — Snowdrift. 100— 6 —— Mermaid. 100 — 6 — Bosnia 100 — 5 Nimblefoot. 100 — 5 Valentine. 100 — 6 — Florence. 100 — 6 — Hamlet. 100 — 4 — Barbelle, 100 — 4 Doke of Montrose. . 100— 4 Lady Clilden. 1C0 — 4 Endeavour. 100 — 4 — Lottery. 10o_ 4 The Pearl 100 — 4 — Croydon. 100 — 4 Fyirhua. 100— S —Betort. 100 — 8 — Detective. 100— 8 The Baron. SYDNEY, Friday Evening. (By Electric Telegraph.) 4 Arama and Snowdrift axe both backed freely for the Metropolitan at 100 to 12 L^dy Clifden and Florence are both going well, and have many admirers. The Melbourne hones are all right, and going well, bat Retort is big. Ballarat Tcrf Club —At the annual general meeting of this club, held on Monday, the following gentlemen wre n.-elw-t-d on t.hw committee:—The Hon. Robert Walsh, and Messrs. Alex. Kelly, G. G. Morton, Norman Macleod. John Simson, R. Le Poer Trench, and D. Smith. The entry of Mr. Bracken bridge's c g Freetrader, by Kelpie, for the Ballarat Cap and Ballarat Handicap was received, as it bad been posted in time, bit: bad been overlooked. 