i.N THE BARBER'S. SHOP BY FIGARO. '"I have gatihered a nosegay of flowers, lind : here is nothinrg of my own but the string that; ties them."--MONTAI0NE I HAVE been cheated lately out of a cherishedl opinion. '.Yes, pleasanritly cheated; for you know some poet has somue where said, "the:lileasure's oft as great ;' :' . In beiilg.cheated as to cheat." . And this is how it came about.: .I had said in my heart, no.men.are.dis-: interested. .I had formed the opipion that none in this .colony could.be found to give something for nothing. I believed that sel fishness.dominated the actions of all colonial men. But thelast month has given a rude.: shock to mry cynicism. Had any one told me a month ago that I should-see men rush inug in ,numbers to contribute £50 each to the Treasury of the country, 'I should very politely have expressed my disbelief. But so it has been. Aoxiety, I suppose, as far as in them lies, to save to the country: as much, as possible of the £30,000 .it has de cided .to pay. fbr .its next Parliament must have been the rmotive of these .gushing pa triots, for.the.great majority of:them haven't:. a ghost.of a chance of attaining the honour : which is the ostensible cause of'their profuse liberality. I cannot, however, get com pletely ::rid of my old feelings in this matter, and it'.will not.therefore greatly surprise me if there.should be a wonderful taming down o! 14.. Paspirations and a wonderful thinning of candidatorial.ranks before nomination day: come. The courage of some of .those now so courageous may possibly-ooze out at their fingers' end before the, test time arrives. :In:: the meantime, the*.game.of candidature an-:, nounceinent proceeds merrily. I have found in Mr. X. IK. Gresham a man nearly after my own ,heart. I have not the slightest idea who IMr. Greshan is but I.recognise in him at once "a man arid a brother;" He has 'published a long elec tion address-ab'out three-fourths of a column of the daily papers in length-whiclh I should like to reprint foryour special edi-. fication:; :but I' dare not ask the editor to letme. He-that is, Mr. Gresham, rdot the editbr- is anxious of occupying a seat in the next Parliament, but being averse, to the " traditional customs" of electioneering, he will only do so if he is elected without ex pense and without asking for a vote. He would have an educationial test fbr elections, -a secular system of education, uncom pulsory until experience has :shown com pulsion to be necessary--and he is "a thorough fieetrader" Hie looks upon the protection which the country has elected to try as a " temporary measure." Mr. Gres ham would separate th e legislative'and ad-:. ministrative duties of Government, leaving the latter to the permanent heads of depart ments, who should having the choosing of their own staffs; Neither would he attend any deputation to, or seek to obtain for a persorial supporter any patronage firom, the Government. On the land question he pro pounds the doctrine thalt " the state should be the sole landlord," and expresses the opinion that sooner or later this will be. These are but a part of the topics on which Mr. Gresham dilates, and I have thus curtly: alluded to them in the hope that they may induce you to peruse the address itself, which you will find in the morning journals of Thursday last. Read it if you can. There is in it much food for thought. It:is as unlike the Usnual run of electioneering addiresses as is the full moon to a Cheshire cheese. I do not agree with all it contains, but it comes nearer to my views than any programme of'" opinions I have read in this colony; and.if Mr. Gresham's appearance in Parliament de pended on my vote, his seat would be safe.:' If we could secure anything like the good' Mr. Gresham proposes, we should be near. the realization of a political Utopia-the Millennium would be nearer at hand than most of you think for. I hope some con stituency will return Mr. Gresham. I have been impelled at divers times to say :a good word bor the poor persecuted'' ; i . . " '. ': sparrovf.. But that is':nd': 'iehson why the sparrow.should turn round and persecute nme-although I admit such is the:fate one often meets at the hands of those he be friends. I can stand a good deal in the way of n noyance from any whose cause I feel inyself cali6d oi to champion; lbut thereis' a' limit even to' my forbeaiance;' just as there is a limit to the amount of salmon I dan eat, although when I" com mence I feel as though' no reasonable quan tity" wivould suffitie to s~atiate me. I have had my0love:for'the sparrow put to a severe test, and something akin to revulsion lia' been created: in me by the " acclimatised sparrow" of Mr. Maicrs2 Clarke. I first m?8 with: this' cheeky little fellow in the pages 'of the late "Colonial Monthly," whnil thought him a passably interesting little dicky; shortly afterwvards, he obtruded hiin'slf oiimny' iotice in the columns of "'The' Australasian," at which time, if you have not forgotten, feeling sotie what?: displeased' at' his so early re-ap pearance; 'I printed! a few disparkgiig retinarks;of him in these columns'; and' notW for the third time he thrusts himself under my nose,;- not a' bit changed, in the last number of. "The Austrialian Journal." a Reall~ri Mr~. Bouncer, this is top bad !" Mr.. MarcUs Clarke is a clever writer, and this story of' his" about an acclimatised sparrow is'worth reading- -onbe; but' three timniesis too terrible an infliction.:1 In the nam:of mercy I hope tliii is" " positively the list tiime" it will be introducedi to public notice-- unless its author should live long enough and gain 'fahe enough th publish a 'collected edition of his writings. If I drop across' it again"before then, I shall forswear the whole race of sparrows' for ever'and a diy. I Wiher?e was the latie )D?. Corrigin born ? and how old was' he' at the time of his death? I ask these questions because, readinig the obituary notices of thbt'lamented gentleimani in the three morning papers has quite bewildered me. Aes to his age:; In each of th'e journals alludid to I find what is iisually' 'considered the'officihl announco: ment;, that under the'heading of "Deaths,"' state thathe was46. Turning to the obituaries, the Ai",gussays he was born in "February, 18923," which, if coirreet, vould have" made him 48 next month;- the Age' places his birth in the same year, but imakes him only 45'; while the Daily Telegraph' merely said he was bornin 1822, which, it February whs the month of his birth, would Iakel him 49\. Taking for granted thedoctor was boin in the month of February, 'and that, had ihe lived until next month he would have been 46 years old,- then the ydear of' his birth would have been 1895. Herb's a piretty little labyrinth ! and one, too, dut of, which I am quite at a loss to find: rhy wai unaided. As to the birthplaco of the ]eafinled doctor, the Argqus and l~e give it as Pettigo, but the Daily 1Iele.raph says "his native place was Dublin." Now if this is to be taken'as- a sample of thelcorrectn'ess of ?lt information given- in the daily journals, andI fear it is, whatever will Ithe fuathre historianri of Victoria do( when hi comes l to search the 'files of those journals for inforr8a tion ?' Theosubject is almost too serious a one to jiastify indulgence in a joke, other wise I slioult' be tempted'to say that Ithe learned doctor, being an irishmabh, the sup posed,'national :spirit of blundering had pnass'edfi:om liim: inito these his' biographbrs. I miy:. add, that' the date and place of'the doctor's birth, as given in another column,. are corrc't. Mr. Fergusson, of Fergusson ansd Mo ore, printers of Flinders-lane, a member of the iGardiier Dise trict Road Board, has announced Isis candidature or" South Bourke onl thie protectiohist platform, very much qualified as regards" its adherence to tlhe present Ministry. We see that Dr. Feiherston, of Prahran, has been re-elected as one of the vic -presidents of the Medical Society of Victoria. i A good book and a good woman are' ex cellent things for those who know justly how to appreciate their value. T'herer are men, however, who judge of both firom the beoauty of thecovering. 