THEATRE ROYAL. — Herald, 10th August. Yon Weber’s Der Freischutz” was performed last night, and, as we anticipated, drew a full house. Although he have had companies stronger in chorus and orchestra before, we have never had this splendid opera so completely put upon the stage in respect o£ its spectacular effects. The opening scenes with the hunters’ song and their marching and countermarch ing, a sort of military Sir Eoger de Coverly, were rather pretty, and gave the keynote of some after scenes. But all the' force of the management in its mechanical resources was put forth in the third act, which was devoted to the incantation scene. In this the memory of the weird sisters of “ Macbeth” pales its ineffectual reminiscence of the supernatural before the accumulated horrors enacted at the call of Zamiel, or Zamuel. as Mr Bainford called him. • As Casper pours his spells into the cauldron poor,-Mas is affrighted with the terrible apparitions. The moon turns to blood, the bird of night flaps his heavy wings and looks out with eyes of fire, as white ghosts flit across the bridge, hobgoblins and spectral animals appear in mid air or traverse the gloom of the ground in the den, and the skeletons of the dead rise from the earth or stalk in unearthly horror through the air, while fire rains down upon the ghost-compellers, and lights up all the diabolic vision with a lurid lustre. Then come happier visions of the earthly and the real as the last act brings bridal songs, hunting choruses, and, after one tragic scene, “ all ends happily.” The principal characters were cast as follows: —Prince Ottoker, Mr G. A. Johnson; Max, Mr Armes, Beau mont; Kilian, Mr Charles Lascelles;; Caspar, Mr T. Bainford; Cuuo, Mr J. B. Kitts; Zamiel, Mr W. P. Morrison; first bridesmaid, Mrs J. H. Fox; second bridesmaid, Miss A. B. Lambert; Anne, Miss Georgia Hodson; Agatha, Miss Alice May. The opera, so rich in choral effects and instrumental accompaniments, is exacting in most of its solo passages, and two or three of the singers were hardly equal last night to a per fectly satisfactory deliverance of the music. Nor is this much to be wonderedatinthis.weather, when colds are so frequent, and in a house where the ventilation is rather gusty at times. But in spite of all this, the performance was a very great treat, and the trio in the second act, Agatha’s “ I live again” in the last act, and Max’s hunting song in the same act, which was encored by-the-bye,. were all delightfully sung. As we have said, the chorus is not strong, but it is good, and the choral effects last night were so far quite satisfactory, Mr Allen’s happy addition of a har monium to his orchestral resources being of special value in some of the grand harmonies of this opera. It is hot a work which calls out such joyous bursts of delight from the audience as some lighter and jovial operas do, but another sort of joy is produced, and the house last night was not backward in giving occasional, expression to the delight experienced at the more prominent successes of the evening. To-night, 'Wal lace’s ever welcome “ Maritana” will be performed. Eailwat Casualties.— The labor of placing the engine which capsized beyond Castlemaine, in a posi tion for removal to the Williamstown Eailway Work shops, is one of more difficulty than many persons imagine. Yesterday, assistance in the shape of men from Williamstown was rendered in carrying on opera tions, and last night the tender was got on the rails, but the engine, it is expected, will not be so placed until this afternoon. The same arrangements which were obtained yesterday relative to the lines,Were carried out to-day. With respect to the engine which put back yesterday morning with the' special pay train, we have learned that on examination it was dis covered that the fire-box had burst close to the foot plate.- Extensive Robbery. —On Tuesday night last an extensive robbery o£ cloth took place at the shop of Mr Blight, tailor, Bourke street. It seems that the place was closed early on Tuesday evening, and on the following morning, about half- past eight o’clock, the persons who first came to the establishment dis covered that the premises had been- entered during the night, and about £3OO worth of cloth carried oft - . The place was forced by means of skeleton keys.— Herald, 10th August. 