MR. HOWE'S HAMLET. To witness Mr. Howe's Hamlot at tho Royal on Saturday night, thore was a good pit and a beggarly account of empty benches in tho boxes. So far as appearances aro concerned, the gods have not been favor- ablo to the new aspirant for hiBtiionic honors. Mr. Howo is not tho glass of fashion and tho mould of form. . Actors should ho " letter-porfect ;" Mr. Howe was deficient "in this important branch, of .his profession. His emphasis on unimportant words was much out of place throughout ; ho made "ine" "mine," aud "yours" long when tlioy should havo been short. In tbe soliloquy on his own irresolution he exclaimed, "theto may he Ihe devil," whereas tho text says "there may be a devil." Again, the concep tion of making a naked dagger koep l/mo with tho reflections in tho soliloquy on "To bo, or not to he ?" may he no w as a matter of stage business, hut it is by no means an improvement on the old style. A word or two of commendation. The "apparition soeno " was grand ; the su (don fall into the arms of his friends on the appearance of tho "l'" "i "««» oMuiuuiiu, <> miu vuu wua equal to anything we have seen in Molbourno. Mr. Howe, when following the ghost, was never guilty of an error indulged in by some players — that of turning his back on the ghost. On the contrary, he followed the majesty of buried Denmark till the morning air bado tho spirit to repair to its " confine." Tho " Expostulation scene" in his mother's chamber demands a note of high praise. Again we are convinced that Mr. Howe's in terpretation of tho play before tho Court is quite correct. Why actors of first-class minds should have been so long allowed to bumblo the sitting portion of their bodies up and down a drawingroom, in tho presence of Royalty, has always been to us a matter of astonishment. In the Boeuo with Ophelia, where the poor girl tenders the return of her lovor's letters, there was a fine opnortunity for the display of histrionic ability, Mr. Howe completely missed it. Tho quarrel between Laertes and Hamlet in Ophelia's grave called forth all Mr, Howe's energy, and ho displayed it to groat advantage. His dying backwards 1 was certainly a new reading ; but was it better than what wo have seen 011 our own hoards ? To sum up, Mr. Howe is an artist who has much to learn before he grasps the intellectuality of the greatest character that was forged on the anvil of Shakspeare. 