ST. STEPHEN'S, NEWTOWN. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. THE foundation stone of the new church in the Anglican cemetery, at Newtown, was laid last Saturday afternoon, by his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, in the presence of a large number of the clergy and laity. His Excellency was accompanied by the Countess of Belmore, the young ladies of the family, and Mr. Henry, the Private Secre- tary. Amongst the clergymen present were the Dean of Sydney, the Rev. Robert Taylor (the Incumbent), the Rev. Canon O'Reilly, the Rev. H. S. King, the Rev. Canon Vidal, the Rev. R. Leigh, the Rev. J. F. Moran, the Rev. Mr. Rich, the Rev. Stanley Mitchell, the Rev. Mr. Unwin, tho Rev. William Scott, the Rev. Thomas Wilton, tho Rev. Dr. Barry, and the Rev. William Lums- daine. Amongst the laity were the trustees of the ceme- tery, tho churchwardens of the parish, the Hon. John Campbell, the Hon. Charles Campbell, and most of the principal residents. A large number of ladies were prestent at the ceremony and appeared to take much interest in the proceedings. A commodious tent was found to have ben erected to the west of tho site which occupies a piece of spare ground in a picturesque and com- manding situation. His Excellency and tho Countess arrived on tho spot at half-past 3 o'clook. The first part of the service was conducted by tho Incumbent, the congregation joining in tho hymn, in the versicles, and in the 132nd Psalm. The Proper Lesson (taken from the third chapter of the first Epistle to tho Corinthians) was then read by the Rev. W. Scott, the Warden of St. Paul's College-which is situated in St. Stephen's Parish. The Rev. Hulton King; then read the collect for the seventh Sunday after Trinity, the collect for tho Feast of St. Simon and St. Jude, and the collect for St. Stephen's Day. A scroll was next read by Mr. C. Rolleston, and deposited in tho cavity of the stone in a sealed bottle, which also contained copies of the Sydney Morning Herald and the Austra- lian Churchman. The scroll was as follows: - " Newtown : To the glory of God, and in remembrance of the Christian Martyr St. Stephen, the foundation-stone of this Church was laid by his Excellency the Right Honorable Somerset Richard, Earl of Belmore, Governor in-Chief of the colony of New South Wales, on the eleventh day of November, in the year of our Lord, 1871, being the thirty- fifth year of the reign of her Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, &o;,, &c;, &c.; The Right Reverend F. Barker, D.D., Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. Incumbent-The Rev. Robert Taylor, of Moore College, Liverpool, N. S. W. Trustees of Cemetery-Messrs. T. C. Breillat, S. C. Brown, W. Crane, sen., C. Rolleston, and Dr. Sedgwick. Church- wardens-Messrs, C. Rolleston, Dr. Sedgwick, and W. Crane, sen. Church Building Committee-The Revs. R. Taylor and W. Scott, M.A.; and Messrs. M. Albery, M. R. Allan, R. N. Banks, D. Bedford, T. C. Breillat, S. C. Brown, Hon. C, Campbell, Hon. J. Campbell, E. Chis- holm, W. Crane, sen., W. Crane, jun., W. Curtis, G. Davison, Captain Evans, R. Fowler, F. T. Humphery, W. J. Jordan, M. Metcalfe, R. C. Murray, R. J. Rawsthorne, C. Rolleston, G. Rossitter, C. Sampson, Dr. Sedgwick. H. R. Smith, H. E. Vaughan, H. Vickers, and W. Wilson. Honorary Treasurers-Messrs. T. C. Breillat and S. C. Brown. Honorary Secretaries-Rev. R. Taylor and Mr. M. R. Allan. Architect-E. T. Blacket, Esq. Builders Messrs. G. Dowling and R. Kirkham." His EXCELLENCY, having spread the mortar with the accustomed formalities, said : I lay this as the foundation- stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named " St. Stephen's Church," in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The versicles and responses "Except the Lord," &c.; were then repeated by the minister and people, and the second hymn having been sung, the Dean of Sydney con- cluded tho service. After the sublime prayer " O Most Gracious Lord," the Dean of Sydney delivered an address in which he explained tho necessity that there was for a more suitable and commodious church for tho use of the members of the Church of England in Newtown. Those who had wor- shipped in the old church would very readily underatand how very pressing that necessity was. £3000 had already been subscribed hy the inhabitants of Newtown, and about £900 by the friends of those who bad been buried in that cemetery ; the site proposed to be oooupied had been obtained without charge. The church when com- pleted would cost £8000, and £6000 would be needed to complete the edifice so that it could bo used for divine service. About two-thirds of that sum were already pro- vided, and he did not doubt but that as they proceeded with the work tho funds would be forthcoming. A collection was then made, after which tho service concluded. The new church of St. Stephen, now in course of erection. in Camperdown Cemetery, is of Pyrmont stone, in the second pointed or decorated style. It consists of nave, chancel, north and south aisles, north and south transepts, porches, vestry, &c.;, with a tower and a spire, also of stone. When completed the church will accommodate about 900 persons. As the graves surround the site proposed, the plan of the church has been so arranged to fit the nature of the ground, and in consequence some departures from the more recognised form of building were necessitated. Tho ground from east to west was thus limited, and the tower was, in consequence, placed at the centre of the north side, where space was abundant. A transept on each side was arranged to widen the building, thus providing room for the requisite number of sittings ; and a peculiar treatment of the west end was required by the shortening of the south aisle, to avoid interfering with graves. The total length of the nave and chancel inside is 110 feet ; the width asross the nave and aisles, 48 foot ; and across the transepts, 74 feet. The side walls are 17 feet high, the clerestory 33 feet high, and the tower and spire, when complete, will bo 140 feet high. There is a gallery at the west end across tho nave, which is suggested as a suitable place for the school children, having a staircase to the external porch. The organ and singers are provided for in the south transept, as the space to the eastward was so encumbered that it was impossible to continue the chancel far enough to arrange for the usual seats for the choir. The clerestory arches are to be supported upon cast iron pillars, so that the obstruction to sight (so objectionable to modern ideas), will be reduced to a minimum. The roofs will all be open and painted in bright colours inside and slated outside. The tower will be prepared for a peal of six bells. The present contract taken by Messrs. Dowling and Kirkham-will complete the whole of the building to the top of the side walls, 17 fcot above the foundation. There was a beautifully executed model of the church in cardboard placed on the table in the tent. From this model and the architectural drawings, it was very evident that St. Stephen's, Newtown, will prove to be one of the most picturesque and beautiful churches in the metropolitan diocese. The mallet and trowel with which the Earl of Belmore laid the foundation stone of this churoh were from the atelier of Messrs. Flavello, Brothers, and Roberts, of 354, Georgo-street. The trowel is thirteen inches long, with an ivory handle, beautifully carved, the blade being of sterling silver, engraved with the national emblems of the rose, the thistle, and the shamrock. On it is the follow- ing inscription-" Presented to the Right Honorable the Earl of Belmore, on the occasion of his laying the founda- tion stone of St Stephen's Church, Newtown." The mallet-eight inches long is of myall wood, mounted with the Australian waratah in silver. A RED INDIAN AND HIS WORD.-The follow- ing is translated from the Journal des Débats of August 1, 1871\. Le Droit publishes a narrative addressed to it from Now York :-" The scene takes place in Toxos. A certain Indian of the tribo of the Choctaws had boen suspeoted for several years of the murder of one of the momlors of the tribe, but for want of sufficient proof he had not been arrested. In tho month oi May last ho perpetrated a second murder, and this time he was quickly apprehended, brought to trial, and condemned to be shot. The sentoooe being delivered, the Red man aBked for a roprievo of.twenty days, to go and bid farewell to his relatives and friends, giving his word ' bravo ' to return at the fixed time. He was set at liberty, and weat away alone to his country. The twenty days expired, and tho hour for execution was about to strike, when the Indian, faithful to, his word, arrived at a gallop at the place where his pun- ishment was to take place. Ho was accompanied by his mother, his three brothers, and his three sisters. They all appeared as gay as if they had come to a party of Eleasuro. The coffin destined for tho convict was brought, ut somo one observed it was too small. Thereupon, one of his brothers persuaded him to get into it ' in order to assure himself, said ho, ' that he would bo at his case.' He willingly consented, and stretched himself out in the coffin, and got out of it-assuring them, laughingly, that it wes exactly his sizo. During this time, the numerous spectators laughed heartily, and one joke followed another. At last, when all was ready, they ordered tho convict to sit down on the ground ; then, one of his sisters placed a handkerchief ovor his eyes. The sheriff took one of his hands, and ene of his brothers the other. The undor sherifi stood in an old hut about ten paces off and in front of the condemned man, with' a carbine in his hand. By accident, the weapon went oil' by itself, and the ball lodged in the roof of the house. The Indian, thinking they had firod at bim, drew himself up and shuddered, but he neither spoke nor moved from his place. One of his brothers then traced a black cirole on his chest with gunpowder and saliva ; meanwhile the under- shcriff reloaded his carbine. At a given signal he took aim, fired, and struck the centre of the circle. After a few convulsive movements the Indian fell back-he was dead. Tho sheriff and one of his brothers had each held one of his hands during this time. No one displayed the least emotion, except the mother of the criminal, who shed a few tears, but ono of her sons said to her coolly. ' Cease, do you not see that all is over i" Such is tho confidence these Redmen (BO often calumniated) have in one another's word, even whon thoir life is at stake. Would to God that white people were but half as faithful to their pledges and to thoir country as this poor Indian was to his and to his tribe !" THE ENTERPRISING CHINESE.- Mr. Chew Chong, an enterprising " heathen Chinese," has established a profitable industry in Taranaki, in the shape of fungus gathering. He pays (says the Otaqo Daily Times) 6s a sack for it, and as five or six sacks may be gathered by one man in a day, it is not surprising that a number of Euro- peans as well Maoris are hard at work collecting it. THE CONVICT CARL JUNG.-We (South Aus- tralian Sigister) aro informed that at the meeting of the Exccufivo Council on' Thursday morning, it was resolved that tho extreme penalty of the law should be carried i out in the case of Carl Jung oonvioted at the Hour t Gambier Circuit Çeurt of the murder of Garraway, a baj'.uT 