THE MELANESIA^ MISSION AND THE MURDER -OF BISHOP,. *ATI£SOiN. ! 'On; Sunday 'last,' Tserinoris 'were 'preached, a'nd collections- made at. Trinity Church, in .aid oi the Melanesian 'Mission. The amount^ealiaed^ Was' over £12; The Lord Bishop preaeSied i in the' morning from the *th .verse of tije ,S2nd Psalm—' Arise, O God, judge Thou the ,earjth, and take all the heathen to Thine inheritance,' and the following extract from hiB sermon iwe, ; have received from a correspondent. : After fully explaining the words of the text, and drawing a striHa^ picture of the darkness and: cruelty existing in various par|;8 of 'the heathen world, he proceeded to say :— ' . ''' ! '' ' 'lsJthere-ahy one'here who - 'would not. do something to better such a condition of human life?. There is not one ; I am sure. Perhkpa' some of 'you' 'mayrj question 'wfi&ttter;^it; is possible to change it. Whether sit is a.-rwis^. use, oi aeyotettmen, ana or tae ojrenogs case into tho treasury of God to attempt' the con-' version of these savage heathen. Sorne-i»ay say: — 'See what valuable -.lives, it has -.cost even to gain a footing for the missionary, and how slow the process of conversion ; how few the satisfactory results;;' Let mepslmly. reason against such alleged objections. And. first .for the 'sacrifice- of life — such lives,' [too, 'as those of Wijliams, P&tteson;, Atkin, and 'others'. ~JC 'would 'ask, in reply, would anyp you wish the names of the ? great cloud, of witnesses erased from the Bible? Would you rather that in the rolls- of fame there had. been inscribed no' 'neble army of martyrs ?' Shall heroic deeds be confined to tales of human, victory and wicked conquests? . Shall .th£se: who for ambition's sake 'have slain their myriads be counted great and 'we' be shocked because a few soldiers of the King of Peace have lost their lives iu:tryingto save souls? These soldiers of Christ, .too, laid down their, lives freely and willingly' for His kingdom's sake, while the hordes who have of late been marched from, their peaceful homesteads and: ploughshares to die in a . foreign ..- land loathed the work of carnage to which tney were forced. ' Bishop' Patteson gave -himself and ?all he had :-freelv. to the -work .of Dreach ing Christ to the Melane'sians. 'He' has fallen on {he field' of 'battle which'1- himself had chosen. He cheerfully -took up his.-cross and followed Christ to passion and death. . His con-' versation was truly in heaven ; aud could you :ask- him now, whether he grieves 'that he was early called, to glorify his Master by his death, would he not reply, 'To depart arid be with Christ1' is ufar better.' : Who could desire, to bring him back from the glories of heaven to the toils, and dangers, and cares of earth? Surely not one. Neither think that his death will hinder the cause of the Mission,, or stop the power of the GospeL The seed, till it falls into the er.rth aud dies, abides alone, and not until Christ was lifted up on the Cross could He draw, all men. unto Him! How was He straitened until He had accomplished H™ baptism of blood! Even so, the blooa of -the martyrs has ever been the seed of the Church. The mantle of Elijah fell on Klisha with a double portion of his spirit. So, too, will the spirit of iPatte-, sou diffuse itself: under the power' of the Holy Ghost, through those Mehvnesian scholars wh~o sat at his feet,, and were converted by him to Christ. Could Titus, think you, or Timothy forget St. Paul, when beheaded by the Boman heathen under the walls- of Rome ? The' boldness and confidence' with which the mar tyred Apostle met imprisonment and death must needs have strengthened them and many others ' to resist even ^urito blood, striv ing against sin !' and the like 'trust in Christ, which the holv Patteson showed when he landed singly among the heathen of Santa Cruz, will move many ' a Melanesian soul to resist the powers of .darkness even to dying in the cause, of God and Christ. Such men, in deed, as Patteson are the * salt of the earth.' Instead of courting ease and shunning danger, they lead the forlorn hopes of the Christian army, and plant the standard of the cross on the battlements of Satan'-s strongest holds. They are. living protests against the luxury and cowardice of a selfish and self -indul- gent generation, which lives inerely for the present enjoyment, and labors, only for :the * meat that perisheth.' If,.then, it is good for the Church and the world to have such heroic spirits to lead us in the way of God, let us not look coldly on the Work for which they_ . counted themselves not dear unto themselves'.' Let us not be wise in our own conceits, and give grudgingly towards a work which was so dear to, them; for which they gave up home add parents, sisters and lands and housos, station and the comforts of the world. With clear faith and calm devotion, Bishop Patteson gave himself and all that he had to preich the Gospel to the Melanesian Islands, 300 in num ber. Providence, acting through boyish associ ations,- -called him to that sphere of duty. He obeyed the call. He went forth with his. father's blessing. And not until, by his wis dom and gentleness, had he firmly planted 'the GospglJai^various islands did God see fit to re move him from this earth.' 'He was permitted to have,.and ordain the first native missionary, George Sarawia, now in the island of Mota. Other native teachers are placed in various lauiuuis uirecLeui auu cueereu on oy me cierj whom Bishop Patteson had gathered round him. Forward, then, little band'! J * Cast the bread of life upon ths water.; you shall find it again, though it be after many days.'' 'And we1 who have hitherto helped you will not slack our hands. A good and great work has -been begun. In Norfolk Island the 'Melanesian Mission has its head station, .and schoolhouse. Thither are gathered by its annual mission ship the native children of various islands. So it restores the instructed, and gathers fresh, scholars. Year , by year the harvest of souls increases. To maintain, then, this establish ment; the schools^ to feed and/ clothe the scholars; the mission ship ; we- now -ask your alms, believing that God has blessed it greatly, and will continue to bless 'this self-denying, mission to the heathen, near to the coast -oP Australasia. In doing this. we; shall raise a bar-; rier against a new slave trade, now Springing up in the Pacific, and protest1 against th.3 men stealers of Levuki, whose wicked personation of Bishop Patteson's.. .ageats .had led $6' the good Bishop's death. You will do well, then, in pure benevolence io give ? Jor ? so worttiy a cause ? your contributions this day. So, too, we shall redeem the character of our country from the charge . of ? abetting those piratical kidnappers, om whose souls the blood of the martyred Patteson lies heavy. They- have stirred up the spirit of vengeance Among untutored savages where he would have sown peace aud godliness, happy industry, and a flourishing commerce. May it be our pri vilege to Jiton tile crime and the sin. Let us return good -for _evil; the blessing of the' Gospel for violence and bloodshed, hatred, ^and murderous revenge. 'So will God arise to judge the earth, and .take all the heathen to His inheritance.' His . Lordship -alsrf, daring his sermon, -:in : alluding - to the death: of -Bishop Patteson- as. an additional reason : for exertion, ? in , order : te carry on the noble work in which he labored -si-; incessantly, and 'with sunh a self-denying spirit,.inentiorieda very interesting circumstanoe j^-That .- as isoon ?. as i the. sad intelligence of the Bishop's death leached Poonindie, a cumber «f the aborigines, who are. taught and labour at that institution, resolved -to raise the^amount of £10 per annum out of their wages in order ,to support one of the' Melanesian children ;while beiDg educated.' V.I. Mr. . Gall ias published a very-ingenioua and useful letter-press plan of the', overland telegraph, showing the length' of each contract [section, names of stations and principal places on the route, &c; ' ' ' . r ' . .. Jl 