THE NOVELIST..' * HANNAH* A NOVEL. BR THE AVZHOB OF "JOHK HALIFAX, GESTLKMAN." Naae ever tared THAT the truth thonM be heard, Bat thoae whom TH^TRATH wad indite." -BURNS, CHAPTEB XV. Alone, in a foreign land-with only a child sfor company ana a servant for protection, "this, in the strange vicissitudes of Hannah's dife, was her position now. Accidentally, rather than intentionally, for Lady Dans more had taken all care of her, and meant :her to be met at Paris by Madame Arthenay, ithe lady to whom she sent her, and who, with tfierself, was the accomplice of Hannah's .conning away. For she had literally " tan away "-by not .only the concurrence, bat the compulsion of 'her faithful friend, who saw that the strain was growing too hard to bear. Living within reach of Bernard's visits, which were half a Joy and half a dread, exposed to the contindal , gossip of Easterham-sinoe though the Moat house had entirely "cut" her, some of the other houses did not, but continued by letter a patronising kindness most irritating-above >al£ suffering a painful inner warfare as to how far she was right in allowing Bernard to come and see her, since every time he came the crnel life of suspense he lea seemed more .and more to be making, him-not merely wretched but something worse; all these ^trials, in course of time, aid their work upon . even the strong heart and healthy frame of Hannah Thelluson. "You are breaking down," said the -Countess, when one day towards the sum mer's end she came to take her young folks .home. "This cannot last. You must do as .1 once suggested-go quite away." " I «annot-!" said Hannah, faintly smiling. " He would not let me." For she felt herself gradually succumbing to Bernard's impe tuous will, and to the strength of a passion ^nnto which impediments seemed to have .given a force and persistency that had 'Changed his whole character. " Not let yoa go away ? The tyrant! Men .are all tyrants, you know. Very well. Then you mast run away." " He will follow me-as he once said he .-should-wherever I went" " Indeed J Quite right of him. Still, as I ?object to tyranny, ana as yon will just now be much better withont him than with him, I 4nean to help you to ran away." "Sat-the child!-he will miss her so. And 3 most have the child with me!" " Of course. But do you think when a man «s desperately in love he troubles himself -much about a child ? Hannah-my dear old <£00803 yoa will be a goose to the end of your -nays. Go and cackle over your little gosliag. .and leave me to manage everything for yon." Hannah obeyed, for she had come to that <C»ass when her energies, and even her volition, .-seemed to have left her. She submitted tacitlr to the Countess's plan, which was to -«end aer^uite out of Eaglaad-to a far-away dFrenck town, Avranches, not easily reached, .feeing beyond the limits of railways-where resided a dear old friend of Lady Dansmore's, .of whom Bhe had often talked to Hannah -one Madame Arthenay. "She will be the best protection yoa could have, for she herself married her sister's 'husband ^ as is constantly done in France, so no need of concealment, my dear. I shall Just tell her everything. And you need not mind, even if Mr. Rivers does swoojuiown .upon yo» some day-after his fashion. Bat -he can't-Avranches is too far off. Nor will 4 let him if I can help it I shall tell him <he mast leave you in peace, to regain your strength and quiet your nerves. Good-bye 410w, and God bless yoa!" The good Countess, as she made this parried farewell on board the French steam boat, left them. Almost before Hannah %new where she was, or what she had con sented to, shefound herself alone with Rosie -and Grace. Lady Dausmore did not say what deeper reason she had for thus effecting «temporary separation, sadden and complete, between the lovers, even though it involved what die called the "kidnapping " of little Hosie. Knowing the world, and the men therein, afpod deal better than her friend did, =*he foreboded for Hannah a blow heavier than any yet That hapless elder brother, the present Sir Austin, was said to be in a .dying state; and for Sir Bernard Rivers of "the Moat house, the last representative of so 4ong a line, to contract an illegal marriage, in which his wife woald be shut out of society, «nd his children held by law as illegitimate, was a sacrifice at which the most passionate 4over might well hesitate. While, under .these, or any circumstances, for him to doom .himself for life to celibacy, was scarcely to 4nb expected. Lady Dunsmore had come to know Mr. SUvem pretty well by this time. She liked Mum extremely-as most women did-but her liking did not blind her to a conviction, ^founded on a certain Scotch proverb: " As <the Mild cock craws,the young cook learns" "that, when be was pat to. the cracial test the world and his own family might be too strong rfor Sir Bernard. Therefore, on all accounts, 49he was glad at this time to get Hannah oat -of the way. Bat her plans, too hastily 'formed, somehow miscarried; for at Paris ver two friends contrived to miss 6ne another. When Miss Thelluson reached -Avranches it was to find Madame Arthefcay .away, and herself quite alone in that far* =awai olaea with only Once jsnd the child. ?At nnst this loneliness was almost pleaiaint Erpr ainoe crossing the Channel she had felt inlM Into a kind,of stupor: the.strange Vjeaop of those who have cat the cable between "pemselres and home, leftall theirbardens ~ W and driftedaway into what seems '* another and a better world." Daring Urn daps of travelling she had Men . only of a sunshiny aky. and smiling peoplemoving aboat her with lively and oboezfalfioea Everything was iwli|d ttwrer been abroad twhetber the land was France or inot moch natter. She had her her, and that was enough. ' , 'Many a servant is in than a friend; beoaase _ . silent-Graoe .was, «ven to , IrcmMehad hardened, her .soitl 11yWksJ* fow.monttw Matt, the U WcTtau^^tbo^last tto wasbroS on I UP 4 a eertani humiliated Hannah. Still, in her sad cir cumstances, she was glad to hare the pro* taction of even this dumb watch-dog of a faithful servant. Grace seemed greatly relieved when the sea rolled between them and England. "It wonld take a good bit of time and trouble for anybody to come after as here," said she, as they climbed the steep hill on the top of which sits the lovely tower of Avranches, and looked back on the long line of straight road, miles upon miles, visible through the green, woody country, which they had traversed in driving from Granville. "It feels quite at the world's end ; and, unless folk knew where we were* they mi£ht as well seek after a needle in a hay-nck. A good job too!" mattered she, with a glance at the worn faoe of her dear mistress, who faintly smiled, "Nobody does know oar whereabouts exactly, Grace. We have certainly done what I often in my yoath ased to long to do -ran away, and left no address." " I'm glad of it, ma'am. Then yon'll have a good long rest." She had, bat in an unexpected way. They found Madame Arthenay absent, and her little honse shut up. " We must take refuge in the hotel," stud Hannah, with a weary look. It seems a pleasant place to lie down and rest in." . It was; and for a few hours she lingered about with Rosie in the inn garden; a 'green, shady, shut-in nook, with only a stray tourist or two sitting reading on its benches; full of long, low espaliers, heavy with Normandy pears. There were masses of brilliant autumn flowers, French and African marigolds, zinnias, and so on treasures that the child kept innocently beg herself once or twice, to answer her little girl, and explained that the flowers were not hers to gatherr and that Rosie must be content with a stray daisy or two, for she never exacted blind obedience where she could find a reason intelligible, to the little wakening souL But when, after a tear or two, Rosie submitted to fate, and entreated Taunie to "come with Rosie find daisies-lots of daisies!" Aunt Hann&h; also succumbed. "Tannie can't come ; she must go to her bed, my darling. Poor Tannie is so tired." And for the first time in her life she went to bed before the child, laying her head down on the pillow with a feeling as if it would be a comfort never to lift it up any more. After these ensued days-three or four-of which she never liked to speak mach after* wards. She lay in a nervous fever, ntterly helpless, and when, had it not been for the few words of French which Grace was able to recall-the Misses Melville having amnsed themselves once with teaching her-and tbe quickness, intelligence, and tender-hearted* ness of the inn servants-good, simple French women, with the true womanly nature which is tbe suae all the world over- things would have gone hard with Hannah Thelluson. Mote than once, vague and wandering as her thoughts were, she bitterly repented having "ran away thereby snatching Rosie from her natural protector, and carrying her off into these strange lands, whence, perhaps, she might never be able to bring her back, bat herself lie down to rise up no more. Bat by &nd-by; even this vain remorse vanished, and she was conscious of thinking about nothing beyond the roses on the chintz bed-curtains, and the pattern of the paper-hangings-birds of paradise, with their sweeping tails; the angle which the opposite house made against the aky, the curious shape of its tiling, and the name of the boutiquier inscribed thereon, the first few letters of which were cat off by her window-ledge. So childish had her mind grown, so calmly receptive of all that happened, however extraordinary, that when one day a kind-looking elderly lady came into her room, and began talking in broken English to Grace ana the child, and to her* self in the sweetest French she ever' heard, Hannah accepted the fact at once, and took scarcely mora than half a day to get quite accustomed to Madame Arthenay* She was one of those women, of which France may boast so many, as unlike our English notion of a Frenchwoman as the caricatures of John Ball who strat about on the French stage are like a real Briton. Feminine, domestic, though after having brought up two families, her aster's and her own, Bhe now lived solitary in her pretty little nest of a house; a strict; almost stern Protestant; pare alike in act; and thoughts, and words,-you would hardly have believed ahe was bora in the same land or came of the same race as the women who figure in modem French novels, or whoare met only too often in modem Parisian society. As Grace said of her after she had gone, " Ma'am, I don't care how often she comes to see you, or how long she stays. She doesn't bother me one Int. She's jiist like an Englishwoman." Which Madame Arthenay certainly was not, and would have smiled at the narrow jadging, left-handed compliment Bat she was a noble type of the noblest bit of womanly nature, which is the same, or nearly tbe same, in all countries. No wonder Lady Dansmore loved her, or that; as she prophesied, Hannah loved her too, in a shorter time than she could t^re thought it possible to love any stranger, and a foreigner likewise. " Strangers and foreigners, so we each are to another," said tbe French lady early one morning, after she had sat ap all night with Hannah-to give Grace a rest "And yet we do not feel so; do wet I tbink it is because we both belong to the same kingdom-the kingdom of Goa." For underneath all her gaiety and lightness ot heart, Madame Arthenay was a viuy re ligions woman-as, ahe tola Hannah, "we Protestants" generally ware; thoroughly domestic and home-loving likewise. "It Is a mistake to suppose that we French all fall in love with one another's wives and husbands, or that we compel oar children to make cruel tMrriaoa de convenance, as you English fancy we do. My sister's was a love marriage, Ufee mine, and all my children's ware. You would find us not so vpry different fromjourselvesit yoa once came tod settled among as. Suppose yoa were to .Sosald she, looking kindly at her; bat" though,. a>, bpth knew, ahe had been told etprrthingr this wM the first time, Madame Artbenay had made any aUasion to Miss Thelluson'* future or her own past. Besides, did,opt talk 1 - ; jtory maoh, she speaking " , whioh Hannah foand it an effort to follow. Bat ahe loved to read the oosmopolUan language o! the sweet eyes, to Mgeptthe (p6d omoes of the tender, skilful, useful hands,, Years afterwards, when all ots ^ |ar«>r had died out. remembered about that . a far-away French town, was _Jndness of aU the good French people about he^ ,and e&eoUUyof; Madame Arthe by those compassionate French mothers, and was turning into uni petyte Frangaine as as possible. Above all, she craved for news from home; it was a fortnight now since stie had one word-one line. She did not wish, nay, she dreaded-to have & letter from Bernard; bnt she would have liked to near of him-how he took the news of her flight, whether lie was angry with'her, and whether be missed his child. Biit no tidings came, and she did not want to write till she was better. Besides, Madame Arthenay took aU the writing things away. " You are my slave, my captive. Madame la Comtesse exacts it," said she in her pretty French. " Yon are not to do a single thing, nor to stir out of your room until I give you leave, which will likely be to-morrow. And now I must bid yon adieu, as I have a friend coming who will stay the whole day. Gould you rest here quiet, do you think, and spare me an hour of Grace and Rosie? I should like to Bhow my friend the little Eaglish Rose." Hannah promised vaguely, and was left alone; to study as heretofore the flowers on the chintz and the long-tailed birds on the walL She was getting very weary of her im prisonment-she whohad never before been confined to her room for a whole week. It was a lovely day ; she knew that by the bit of intensely blue sky behind the house-tiles opposite, and the soft, sweet air that, together with the cheerful street noises of. k foreign town, entered in at the open window. A longing to "rise up and walk" came over her-to go out and see what could be seen; above all, to catch a glimpse of that glorious view which she had noticed in coming up the hill-the sea view, with Mont S& Michel in the _ distance: that wonderful rock castle, dedicated to her favourite angel (in the days when she was a poetical young lady she always had a statue of him in her room). St. Michel, the angel of high places, the angel who fights against wrong. It was a vagary, more like a schoolgirl than a grown woman ; but Hannah could not help it. She felt she must go out-must feel the fresh air and sunshine, and try if she could walk, if there was any remnant of health and strength left in her; for she would need both so much. She was already dressed, for she had insisted upon it Searching for her bonnet and shawL and smiling with a pathetic pleasure to find she really could walk pretty well-also wonder* ing, with childish amusement, as to whether, if Grace met her, she would not take her for a ghost-Hannah stole down through the quiet hotel, and out into the street-that picturesque street of Avranches which leads towards the public gardens, and the spot where, within six square feet, is piled up the poor remnant of its once-splendid cathedral Madame Arthenay had described it, and the various features of the town, during the gentle, flowing, unexciting conversation which she pertinaciously kept up by the invalid's bed-side, so Hannah easily found her way thither; tottering a little at first, but soon drinking in the life-giving stimulus of that freshest; purest air, blowing on a hill-top from over the sea. All her life, Hannah had loved high places; they feel neater heaven somehow, and lift one above the petty pains and grovelling pleasures of this mortal life. Even now, weak as she was, she was conscious of a sensation of pleasure, as if her life were not all done. She wandered about, losing her way, and finding It again s or amusing herself by asking it of those kindly, courteous French folk, who, whenever they looked , in ber face, stopped and softened their voices, as if they knew she had been ill and in trouble. One of them-a benign-looking old gentle man, taking the air with his old wire, just like an English Darby and Joan-civilly pointed out to her the Jardin des Plantes as being a charming place to walk in, where madame would find easy benches to repose herself upon, and a sea new, with Mont St Michel in it, that was truly " magnifique," Madame's own beautiful island could furnish nothing finer. Hannah smiled, amused at the impossibility of passing for anything but an Englishwoman, in spite of her careful French, and went thither. 