" spiritism:," An interesting lecture on the subject of 'Spiritism" was delivered in the Independ ent Church, Beechworth, on Tuesday evening, by the Rev. A. Gosman, of St. Kilda. There was a good attendance on the part of the pub lic ; the Rev. M. W. Bradney occupied the chair, and briefly introduced the lecturer to the meeting. In his opening remarks, the ! lecturer referred to the attention that was being bestowed on the subject of " spiritism " in various parts of the civilised world, more especially in America, where it was stated that the believers in spiritist doctrines were num bered, not by tens or hundreds of thousands, hut by millions. He then alluded to the pro gress that these doctrines had made in the colony, and stated that by the force of circum stances he had been thrown into contact with a number of believers in the so-called mani- icblaUUllb) uliti UU Hi ilo ttlUUll) uuu cl liiiiiiouci and from his connection with the Congrega tional College, he had felt it to be his duty to investigate the matter, and endeavour to find ont what was true and what was false in the phenomena of spiritism. The part he had taken in these investigations gave him a right to speak on the subject,' and in directing their attention to the facts or phenomena of spiritism, he would confine himself to what had come within his own experience, and those which had come to him from sources which he must regard with respect. The lecturer then briefly, but- logically pointed out the distinction be tween facts, with the causes of which they were acquainted, and those facts which could not he accounted for by the forces usually in operation, and which came within the scope of human intelligence, and glanced at certain facts or phenomena which might, he said, belong to the border land, between the natnral and supernatural. The facts or phenomena CUliiiwwtwU iVltil o|JlXlllbill( iitlv LlilUIILU tile believers in the doctrines to be of supernatu ral origin, and in laying before his hearers what he had actually witnessed of them he would leave them to draw their own conclusions as to how far these claims were borne out. Of the facts or phenomena of spiritism, those con nected with table-turning were of the lowest form. Most of those who were present had, he presumed, witnessed some of the table-turn ing manifestations, or if not, they had at least heard of them from other persons. In relat ing his own experiences of the table-tumiug manifestations, he might state that he was one of a committee of four appointed to tho roughly investigate the mutter, and who went to witness the phenomena with tho avowed de termination of eliciting the truth, if it were possible to do so. Of the four gentlemen who composed the -committee two were doctors, and two. including himself, were ministers. At the invitation of a celebrated medium, they attended a seance, at which a choice spiritual circle was assembled. He and the other mem bers of the committee were placed at a table, about two feet square, on which they were tokl to put their hands. After sitting in this posi tion for some time, the lights were put down, and they sat in silence with their hands on the table, bat the table obstinately stood still and refused to move. One of the most celebrated mediums came to him and informed liim that" he (the lecturer) was the offending Jonah, who prevented the table from moving, as although there were spirits arouud the other three gen tlemen, there was none around him. On this he vacated his seat, and his place was taken by a literary gentleman well known in Melbourne. Immediately on this change taking place, the table began to move, and continued its move ments until it stood up on one of its claws, and spun round at so rapid a rate that the gentlemen were obliged to run after it ; at length the motion was so accelerated that they were unable to keep up with it, wheu the table made a bound towards the door, as if deter mined on going outside tho premises. This occurrence, and others which had taken place at the seances held ot St. Kilda, were duly re ported in two of the Melbourne papers ; he had read both the accounts given, and they agreed closely with each other, and with the phe nomena as they occurred, so much so, that, had he been called on to famish a third, he would have been obliged to frame it much in the same terms. "When the table had again been restored to its place, and the four gentlemen wc-re seated as before, the literary gentleman rose up to examine something in another portion of the room. He (the lecturer) quietly slipped into the vacant place, and as soon as he hail phiced his hands on the table it began to move, and to rock up and down, with a motion somewhat similar to that of a ship rocking. While thus engaged, the medium came to him, and in formed him that a spirit was around him now. The peculiarity of the phraseology struck him at the time, and he hnd since then wondered at it, as it seemed to signify that the spirits did not take their places by the side of those with whom they communicated, but rather en- veloped them. He suggested to the medium that he would like to have some conversation with the gentleman who was hovering over him, but was informed that it was a lady spirit. On this, he became curious, and expressed a wish to know her name. Some objections were, however, made as to furnish ing the name, but it was stated ' that the initials would be given. The alphabet was then put in requisition, and at the letters E and R were heard em phatic knocks, signifying that these were the lady's initials ; further enquiries also elicited that the lady had been dead two and a half years. He (the lecturer), went hack through all the chambers of his memory, hut could make nothing of the initials, unless he . had changed the E into I, aud the R. into Z, or some other letter. By means of the alpha bet he likewise enquired the lady spirit's age, but, as with ladies iu life — no amount of persnasion could induce her to answer the question. In the room in which the seances were held, was an old piano, the most ghostly instrument which he had seen for many a day. A lady medium, who was present, and who was well-known in the colon', went to the piano, and placed her hands unresistingly, and as if it were without voluntary action oil the kevs. For some time solemn silence prevailed, when low murmur ing music was heard, like the sound of a far distant waterfall. ' A friend of his who was sitting by him, hut who was not one of the in vestigators, remarked "is not that delight ful;" he replied, "yes, it is rather pretty." The spirits, probably resenting his lukewarm criticism, put more strength into their efforts, and all at once there was a grand crash, as if the ceiling had come down, and for some time afterwards there was a succession of crashes more or less grand. Not caring to trust to his miaided judgment, as he was rather deficient in what was known as a musical -ear, he en quired of a gentleman standing near him, who was engaged as a musical critic on the metro politan press, what he thought of the music, aud found that His opinion coincided with his (the lecturer's) own, that it was by no means remarkable for its artistic beauty. Such an opinion didnot seem iobe|generally entertained, as many of those present appeared as enrap tured as if the angel Gabriel had come down and taken his seat at the piano. Bassing on to the writing manifestations, which were of a Lirrlior flion +Vi« +n10« : , i > ."7. T IT 7""'«-'-ii>piiig, rue lec turer said that the spirits required a very sharp pencil and a wonderfully large piece of paper. The modus operandi of receiving these manifestations was that the mediums sat down at the table pencil in hand, with these . large pieces of paper before them. After a time the right hand commenced to move, slowly at first, but the rapidity of motion gra dually increased until it became so fast that it was difficult to follow it with the eye, and it was dangerous to he in close proximity. At a seance at which he was present, the movements of a gentleman became so violent that one of the doctors of whom he had spoken seized liim by the right hand, while (the lecturer) seized the left, in order to hold him. It re quired all the strength of the doctor to keep the man's right arm still, and even with the utmost expenditure of force he was scarcely able to do so. While holding the man's left hand he (the lecturfer) brought his knowledge of electro-biology to hear, and looking the man straight in the face told him that he was unable to move his hand, and after a time he became convinced that such was the case and desisted from attempting to do so. The communica tions furnished in the manner which he had described, and which purported to ho from dead friends were scarcely so important as might have been expected. Some of them were to the effect that they ought to he good boys, and not tell lies. At the seance to which he referred, a celebrated medium present re ceived a communication stating that three of the visitors, amongst whom he happened t > he one, would uuik" excellent mediums, and Would be able to greatly advance- the science of spiritism, if they would only turn their a'.tentioii to it. Sometimes the mediums re- ceivedcommuuications in languages with which they were unacquainted, in French, Latin, and even in Gaelic. One lady, of whom he had already spoken, wrote in Hebrew, Arabic, and Syriac, although she had no knowledge what ever of these languages. One of her manuscripts of which he held an exact copy in his hand, had been submitted by a friend to the professor of Oriental languages at Sydney. In reply, the professor, who did not know the source of the manuscript, .said that the first lines were Syriac, very badly written, or rather scribbled. The second line appeared to be Arabic, but the letters were very much muti lated, and evidently written by some one who did not know a word of Arabic, nor even a letter of the alphabet. It must be remarked that the characters had originally been writtenin pencil, were marked over in ink. andafterwnrds traced. There was a singular fact connected with the lady medium just referred to — she was subject to strange attacks of rigidity, when she be came like marble, and though she might try to stand, would fall upon the floor aud he unable to rise. All her limbs became quite rigid, except her tongue — she was able to talk. Those phenomena which he had hitherto de scribed had'come under his personal observa tion. He would give one or two, hot that he had read of, for the literature of spiritism was far too extensive to be thoroughly studied, but which he had heard on authority which he felt bound to respect. Many very mysterious things had been done in Melbourne, especially in relation to the healing art ; for " spiritism," claimed to have a certain curative power, and some medicines peculiar to itself. A lock of the hair of the sick person, or some jittle article constantly worn by him, was brought to the medium, .who placing it on his brow, or holdinnr if. in Lis linnd. turned rnmid fn ovom point of the compass, until (to use their own expression) he " fell into the magnetic line of spiritual influence." Being then, supposedly able to open up communications with the spirits, he enquired as to the nature and seat of the disease,- &e.; Some of the diagnoses thus obtained were remarkably accurate, while others were as strangely ludicrous. Then remedies were prescribed, often very curious ones. The lecturer gave a very interesting account of the recovery through a medicine (a strong poison), thus ordered, of a child who hail been altogether given up by the eminent doctor attending him. The child was now- running about strong and well. At home they had heard of such phenomena as the following — pokers erecting themselves of their own accord, and bowing to those ijresent, and tunes played on the piano without its being touched, and in the full glare of gaslight. He must be of a peculiar mental constitution who could doubt the occurrence of many re markable facts in connection with spiritism, however difficult the explanation of them might be. It was well worth while to inquire whether the hypothesis of " spiritism" as giviugan explauationof these facts, was worthy of theircredenceasintelligentmeu. Was "spi ritism" the agent in producing these phenomena and if not, what was ? Ee had nothing now to say to the class of men who pooh-poohed the subject altogether — men who believed only in what was cognisable by the senses, and had no faith in the spiritual world. The question was too extensive, and would take him too much out of his way. There was another class who de clared that all the phenomena of spiritism were a delusion and a cheat ; that tables were moved by some mysterious machinery in their legs, connected with a motive power in the kitchen, or on the roof, and so on. To such he would say that he had not the slightest donbt that a great many of the alleged faets were the result of gross deception. But there was deception in everything, and if there was so much false pre tence and hypocrisy in professedly religious people, it was not wonderful that there should be among spiritists. But, admitting this fully, those who believed that this would account for all the phenomena must have easily satisfied minds ; he (the lecturer) could not so believe. Then, it might be asked, were these people merely deceiving themselves. IVas a man, writing so rapidly that Lis hand was almost invisible, actually himself unconsciously pro ducing the results which he attributed to spirits ? That was a point fairly open to in vestigation. As regarded table-turning, there was no proof that it was caused by spirits. Professor Faraday had invented a delicate in strument, by which the forces of unconscious muscular movement could be detected. A man might determinedly resolve »to stand still without the motion of a limb, and to a great extent he might succeed, but there were motions and pulsations in his body of which he was not sensible, but which must affect, anything with which he came iu contact. He believed that two-thirds of the phenomena of table-turning could be explained by the uncon- scious rnytnm 01 tne involuntary motions in the bodies of the operators. If asked how he could explain tables rising from the floor, or moving about the room, or chairs tipping their occu pants off, he would say that they must posi tively and accurately ascertain the facts. He certainly had thought that the little table of which he had spoken had leaned over so far, as that, according to the ordinary laws of gravity, it must have fallen, but until he had been con vinced of this by accurate and scientific measure ment, and that there were facts which could not be explained by unconscious rhythmic muscular motion, he did not feel called upon to find an explanation. The English committee which had just published a progress report called at tention to the fact that' the phenomena of tables, ifee., always seemed to cease when the connection with human beings was severed, which led to the conclusion that the motive power must in some way proceed from them. As regarded the so-called " spiritual writing and drawing; as within the body there were rhythmic motions within the sphere of their consciousness, of which yet they were' not sensible, so, also, it must be in the mind. Several interesting instances were here given of persons who, iu an abnormal state of health, spoke of things which had interested tbeih many years before, and which, in health. they had utterly forgotten, aud on recovery could not recall. In one case a German go verness, long resident in England, and who spoke English perfectly, while attacked by some ailment of the brain, could only speak in German, not the German of educated people, which she spoke at ordi nary times, but the dialect of her native vil lage which she had spoken as a child. He looked upon the phenomena of spiritist writing as echoes from the lninds of the writers themselves. The lady medium at St. Kilda, whose father had been an English divine, generally wrote fragments of sermons or homilies, with " As St. Augustine says," or "as St. Chrvsostom says," frequently oc curling. A Scotch girl, brought up a strict Presbyterian, wrote in a most orthodox fashion, aud was very clear on the doctrine of hell, hut never referred to an intermediate state ; whereas a Roman Catholic medium generally dilated on purgatory, as. well as heaven and hell — described the people there, and so on. All this went to prove that these supposed spiritual communications were mere AAt/114. LJ-IO AALAliU. Ui 11113 liIUXViUU:ii 1X1 G" dium, or reflections from the highest minds of the day. The same might be said of the manifestations in America. He had seen, some verses said to have been communicated by the spirit of Robert Burns, but if they were, Burns must have greatly degenerated, for he used to write pretty fair poetry, and this was down right trash. Even in the cases where foreign languages had been written, they might be hut echoes of things heard long ago. Still there were facts which could not thus be explained. Would he say that there was no such thing as true spiritism — nothing of the sort. They all believed in spirits ; at least, he did. He pitied the man that did not believe in ghosts, but even ghosts, like all other created things, must be under the dominion of law. He had been disturbed one night, at a time when this subject occupied much ofjhis thoughts, by sundry knockings, but he had requested the spirits to go away, as he needed sleep,- and invited them to return next evening ; they had not troubled him since. In conclusion, the lecturer ad mitted the possibility and probability; nay, even the actuality of the fact that' spirits do come and exert an influence in this world, but they must make very sure a- their facts. From the story of the release of Peter, he illustrated his argument that it was doubtful to trust in spirits which did for men what they could do for themselves. Their mission must have an object, and a needful one. He admitted that they had come, might come, and would come. To suppose otherwise was. absurd ; but not even from spirits would, he believe, anything not in harmony with his own .reason and \ritii truth. If 10,000 spirits were to tell him that there had been uo such person as J esus Christ he would not believe them, and this merely from ' the historic point of view, , not the religious. There was a spiritism underlying all nature — every flower, every animated thing, ocean, hill, and sky, were but mani festations of underlying thought, which was just spiritism. The material thing was but the result of previous forces. Whether spiritism was true or false, let them never deny their own moral and spiritual instincts, given by God for their guidance. As long as they held fast to these, they would be safe from all the changes aud questionings of this sceptical and inquisitive age. ' The Rev. M. W. Braduey in accordance with a remark made by'the lecturer, said that the latter would he glad to answer any question or make any explanation required. In the the Church fund. This pleasing process having been performed, after a pause Mr In gram asked of Mr Gosman if he thought there was auy reference" in the verse in one of St. Paul's epistles to Timothy, which spoke of those days in which there should be spirits in the earth, to the spiritist manifestations in which there was now so general a belief. Mr Gosman replied, that it was a very safe opinion to entertain, but he didnot himself think there was sufficient proof of any special reference. Another question from a gentlemen present, as to whether he thought the Book of Scliimetz (a Talmudic writing of high au thority among the students of Rabbinical docu ments), did not throw some light on the sub ject, having been answered in general terms by the lecturer, a cordial vote of thanks was given to him on. the motion of the Rev. J. Water- house, seconded by Mr Ingram. The meeting then, after singing the doxology, dispersed. 