THE COVETOUS FERRYMAN OF LONDON \- BRIDGE. In a siogularly curious, although probably fabulous tract, the building of St. Mary Ovorie's Clutch, in Southwark, and of the first London Bridge, is attributed to the daughter of John Overs, who rented of tho city a ferry across the ; Thames at this spot, and thus grew rich, by which means his dnughter was enabled to construct the church and tho bridge, whilst- Overs lost his life by his own covetousnoss. Though he kept several servants and apprentices,, ho was of so parBimoniou'9 a -soul,- thnt-notwithstanding he possessed ' an. estate equal to that of the bast aldermen of London, acquired by unceasing labour, frugalty and Industry, yet his habits and awolling were. both strangely expressive of the! most miser able poverty. He had an only daughter, 11 of a beautiful aspect," says the traot, "and "a" pious disposition ; whom he had care to -see woll and liberally educated, though at tho cheapest raio; and yet so, that when she grow ripe and mature „for marriage, he would' suffer no man of what con dition or quality soever, by his goodwill, to have any sight of her, much less access- to her." A younggallant, however, who, soems to Imvo thought more of being the ferryman's heir than his son-in- law, took the opportunity, whilo.ho was engaged at the. ferry, to be admitted Into her "company. " The first interview," says the story, " pleased" well ; the second better; tho'tFird concluded tho match between them.". " In all this long interval, tho poor silly rich old Ferryman, not/dreaming of any such passages, but thinking all things to be as secure by land as heknow they were by wator," Continued his former , wretched and penurious course of life. To save the expense of ono ay's' food in his family, he formed a scheme to feign himself dead for tvventy-fonr.hoursihtlic vain expec tation that his servants would out of propriety, fast until after his funeral. Having procured bis daughter to consent to thiB plot, oven against her better nature, ho was,' put into a sheet, and stretched out in his chamber, having oue taper burning .at bis bead and another at , his feet, according to the custom of the time. When bow- ever, his servants were informed of his decease, instead of lamenting they were overjoyed, and, having danced round the body, thoy broke open his larder, and fell to banqueting.. The ferryman bore all this aB long, and as much like a dead man as ho was able, " but when be could endure>it no longer,"- snys tho tract, "stirring and struggling in his sheet; like a ghost with a candle'in escn hand, he purposed to rleo up and rate . 'em for their sauclness and bnldneBs ; when one of them, think ing that the devil was about to rise in his like- ness,"beingMn"Vgrent amaze, caught"lioldof'lhe: butt-ond of a broken oar which was in tho chamber, and being a sturdy knave, thinking to kill the devil at the first blow, actually struck out his brains." It is added that tho servant was acquitted, andjhe ferryman made accessory aniL causo of his own death.' The cstnto of OverB than fell to his daughter, and her lover, hearing of it/ hastonod up from the country; hut in riding poBt his horse. stumbled, and ho broke bis neck on tho highway. The -young heiress was almost, dis tracted at those events, and was reonlledato her faculties only by having to provido for her father's interment; for he was not permitted to hove Christian burial, being considered as an excom"- municatcd.mnn on nccuunt of his extortions, usury and truly miserable life. The'friars of Bormond. sey Abbey wero, however, prevailed upon by money, their.obbot being then away, to give a little cartb toHhe remains of the' wretched ferry man. But upon the abbot's return, observing frravo which had recontly been covered in, and earning who lay thoro, he was not only angry with his monks for having dono such an injury to the Church for. tho suko of giiin;:;but ho also had tho body taken up again, laid on tho 1-ack of his own.ass, and.lurning tho animal-out of.tho abbey gates, desired of God that he might carry , him-to some place where ;ho best deserved tb-be'buried. The nss proceeded . with a gendo and solemn pace through Kont'Stroet, and along tho highway , to tho small pond once called St. Thomns-n-Water- ings, then tho common place of execution, and shook off the ferryman's body directly- under tho gibbet, where it was put into the eiound without any kind of ccromony. Mary Overs, cxtromely distressed by'siich a host of troubles, and desirous to.be froo from the numorotis suitors for her hand and fortune, resolved to retire into a cloister, which' she shortly aftorwards did, having first -provided for tho building of tho. church of St. Mary Ovorios, which commomoratcs her name.—' " Abbeys, Castles, and Ancient Balk of England and Wales," By John Ttmbs. . \ — The-Dai7y-iVi;u;j.corrc8pohdont-at-TourB,-who- lias jiist rclurnudTrom Lo Mans, v/ritOB Cor- tniiily tho resources of France are onormous,. not withstanding the immonso losses sho- has sufferod in men killed and woundod ; notwithstanding one largo nrmy ukon away captive, another blocked before Motz, and 60,000 men blocked in Paris, tho towns and village appear as full of strong9 men as boforo; and besides those nrmod mon nro pouring into ovory townond filling ovory railway lino,' The -whole of my route was bristling with bayooots. Arms also do not seem scarce, for tho|e who have no Ghassopots now. appear with Romingtons tfrSnider8r'V;whUewtllilhg for tho train back here, before drawn tide morning at Angers, enthusiastic battalions of Mobiles frorjv tho sea-coast departments oamo in, and we're taken , off in tho direction of Lo Mans, tbenc'a.to Bonnes. Prosontly tho station is filled again with armed and uniformed crowds. Theso are mon of twonty- fivo to forty-yonra old ; one can distinguish under tho samo ilress mon of all .chases and profes- siotis; theso nro the mobilised National Guards of Angers itself. Next to them Bume soamanliko mon appear. Thoso are all tho gunners who havo ' sorvod in tho navy, and who have boon invited to vuluntoor as gunnors for tho auxiliary Army of tho"\Vofet, with extra pay, &c.; Tho appeal has brought many of. those mon from the seaboard districts. Each of these differont categories- of men had "its dofects, 110 doubt, but any one of them is bettor than tho Line of tho prosont day. The jevtfe en masse ns far as levdes , en masse aro posBiblo things iu thlsooutury and in this country, is taking placo in tho departments I went through last night. Theso aro the only mon Franco has to rely upon iu this her doy of agony, for tho army is a rotton plank, upon which it Is no use rockonlng any longer, Tho Army of tho Loiro (Salbris Corps) is coming here, or, at any -rate, through horo. A largo infantry force has arrived to-day, and is going to stay for soma days, judg ing by tho amouut of straw that haB boon, given out lor-the tobte. 