SPORTING NOTES, BY " AUGUR." The opening day of the Y.R.O. Spring Meeting was the reverse of a pleasant one so far as regards : the weather, but the sport was of an excellent character, and all the events excepting one were ; capitally contested, it is hot often that we; witness such a contest as that which took place be- tweeh Warrior, Contessa, and Little Dick, and the exciting struggle between this trio had a wonderful effect upon the many who had been i deploring the miserable "'istnte of t-ho weather, j Truly it was discoursing in the extreme to have to trudge, through t lib web-grass to have a peep at tbe hagfe ; ab:4 I could qiiite evmpathise with Mr. Bagot in ; for not onlv was the exchequer M t«-;isyL>rh!v effected bv < h o'er ?"' 4 »: t>!m!",;v\' ' p ' \- i; ».«# »«»-- « — yr -pn p J neeu >'»< \- -ft-- o»;- # >" ---4 . members, -of lairsei tqvchjoy the ir< Reives uipotl its verdant slope,' was Ruthlessly trodden" down by those' who- baife oedafeion- -toy travel 'over its ; surface. 'No dhetter1 barofcieter hat been invented Shan friend Bagot's physiognomy ; St beats all of those scientific article we see hanging ontside the shops of our jewellers, etc. " Sunshine and set fair " was neycr better depicted than when the worthy secretary of the club occupied a posi tion next to Mr. Bowes while the latter was dis posing of the booth sites etc., .a few days «go> at such, favourable prices ; but nun and gloomy weather overspread, his countenance on Saturday morning, and there was decidedly some justifi cation for the remarkable change, for the drizzling rain that' 'came down was enough to damp the ardour of a much more sanguine man than Mr. Bagot, whose whole heart and-soul is in the work he undertakes for the club. But if the rain didn't suit Mr. Bagot, it had the reverse effect upon Saladin in the Hotham Handicap. .1 need not refer to the opinion expressed about the grey Arab after I saw turn perform the good gallop of Thursday ; but I am happy to hear that the readers of my "Notes" did not let the op portunity slip, and many a " fiver" found its way into the pockets of the million. There are few more beautiful little nags than Mr-. Crook's grey, and the manner in which he disposed of his . field in the Hotham Handicap, and in first-class time, was quite enough to justify his admirers in pop- ping it on to him for the Cup. Three of the four , youngsters that came out for the Maribyrnong Plate were splendid representatives of the crack stud ; aad though the fourth (Moszle) is not quice so beautiful as his companions, there is a deal of good about him, and he may yet prove himself a worthy grandson of Stockwell aBd fisherman. The readers of The Weekly Times are perfectly aware that I have always expressed a decided preference for Ring of the Ring over all the two-year-olds of the year. After his per formance of Saturday, I am more than ever satisfied that he is the king of the lot. There is a good deal of the Fenella stamp about him, and when Rose de Florence throws them shaped aB this colt is, there is not much danger but that they will turn out first-class. Her yearling now at Mari byrnong is quite as symmetrical, with more length than the King had at his age, and he is one of the pets of the connoisseurs who visit the stud to inspect the yearlings. The winner, Argus Scandal, is almost full brother in blood too Beatrice, being by a Stockwell horse, from Lady Heron by fisherman ; and the Stockwell blood again displayed a marked superiority over all other strains, just as it did when The Roe and f iorence and Beatrice and Irish King ran first and second in their two-year-old engagements. The Ace was no favourite of mine, but these two colts may induce me to modify my ideas respecting the roaring capabilities of the son of Stockwell, whose relation, The Marquis, is of a much superior stamp to all representatives of the family that have preceded him. The condition of these two- year-olds was something wonderful ; and I can assure those who have not seen these youngsters do their work, that the easy manner in which Mr. Wilson got them into form was something worth witnessing. None of that ding-dong work nor long sweats with their carcases swathed in in numerable blankets, which knocks out so many of our young ones, but a system totally different to what we often witness elsewhere. Sunshine is a grand filly, with wonderful speed, but she is not of a very kindly disposition, and lost many lengths start by showing temper ; not that it would have altered the result, bnt it would have been more satisfactory to me to have seen her set awav in front of the colts, so that they wonld have had to do their best. Had such been the case, I can assure the public that we should have witnessed, such a time trial as would have made the hair of many a disciple of the time test stand on end, merely because the colts had been got thoroughly fit without being overworked. The defeat of Hamlet in the Derby was no surprise to me. If ever a good colt was murdered, this one was ; and it is to be hoped that the infatuated fools who imagined that he could be properly trained at Caulfield and St. Kilda are now satis fied. When sent his preliminary canter by Morrison, he could hardly put one foot before another ; and as he presented the appear ance of a scarecrow — his head and tail being the biggest parts abont him — it is not to be wondered at that there was plenty of even money forth coming about him. Hamlet doubtless is a great colt, but he oould not do impossibilities, and the deplorable condition he presented after he pulled up was pitiable to witness. "Alas! poor Ghost!" for he was but the ghost of his former self, and finished absolutely last. How Irish King, pulling double, cut out the work to within 150 yards of home; how little Jessie, though a long way last for the first three-quarters of a ' mile, slowly but surely tackled - and disposed of her opponents, tackled the King opposite the carriage pad dock, and galloped home a length in front has been already recorded in the daily papers. It was the height of Mr. Wilson's ambition to breed from his game old mare Musidora a Derby winner, that should be ridden by his own son ; and nobody was more delighted than " Augur " to see the gallant little filly achieve her glorious victory, from the turn for home she was under the whip, and the manner in which she answered to the call of her youthful pilot was one of the finest things in horseracing I have ever witnessed. I remem ber Jessie when she was a foal at Maribyrnong, and old Musidora at that time had little or no milk for her; and this in a great measure ac counts for the smallness of her size ; yet she is a rare made 'un, and the bit of Premier blood in her veins speaks for itself in that beautiful head and neck of hers. The Premier blood still holds its own, for Saladin, Miss Jeesie, and Mermaid, the three principal winners of Saturday, are full of it ; and though all three are but ponies, for their inches, there is nothing in the land to equal them. Mr. Andrew Town will feel proud of the horse he purchased from Mr. George Petty; for Jessie is a daughter of Maribyrnong, who is now located at Mr. Town's stud farm, Richmond, N.S.W. I was glad to see that accomplished horseman Simp son upon the hack of Mermaid in the E ssendon Stakes. Both horse and rider were well matched, and it is to be hoped that this fine jockey will not be allowed to remain idle, for he is an ornament to the profession, and just the kind of artist that those boys who at times are all over their horses should copy. He was to have ridden Argus Scandal in the Maribyrnong Plate, but in consequence of illness could not get down to the weight. My selection for the Footscray Plate, Blondin, cut- a most inglorious figure, but he -will improve 'upon it some day. I was glad to see Detective scored a win" for Mi. Tait, who deserves to hs Mieeesrful. Arid ro«v :! , r, .? ull over, I hare not. the slight- Cm iu-riiktio;:. 1. faying .that- Cup of i k« >: resist fluke t iu.t has ever ioh-?n to Ai'r. 'Tall r" lot since he. started racing. Getting wbII away, and in a. splendid position all the time, The Pearl had advantages ovpr other good horses which they conld not poll up. J&d; Romula been lucky enough to have get through her horses at the back of the course, no Pearl would over have passed the j udge's box first. Lapdog did not dp well, hanging towards the river with his boy ; but if Little Dick had been in his very beBt form, he, I feel positive, woald have been proclaimed the winner this year. I made a terrible mess of the tipping business on the Cup day, but I shall make no excuses; suffice it to say that The PcotI s | victory was a lucky, but not a clever one ; and after his shockinjg bad running in the Hotham Handi-: cap, nobody could have entertained any hope of his proving victorious However, it is n<> u8e crying over spilt milk. PyWhue ran a great horse considering his co»ditfon, and we shall hear of him some day in a big race. Little Salaam, if anything was made a little too much of ; still he finished third, or else my eyes deceived me, frhe was nearly a length in front of Irish King. The judge, however, says that the colt hailed the grey on the post, and beat him by a neck for a situa tion ; still I am sceptical. As there is some anxiety to know which were the first six, I can positively state that the Pearl was first, Romula second, Irish King (placed by the judge, whose deeision is final) third, Saladin fourth, Little Dick fifth, and Mermaid sixth. Then came The Baron, Bylong, Warrior, Pyrrhue, Lapdog, and half a dozen others all together. Is it not a wonderful circumstance that so few of the bookmakers and their constituents attend the Subscription-room on a settling night? Last Monday night was the Derby settling night, yet not more than half a dozeu bookmakers were pre sent; Messrs. Melhado, Joseph Thompson, Coker, M'Millan, Goyder, Saqui, and Harper being the only members of the ring present. Here is a splendid room set apart for the purposes of bet ting; yet there are many members of the ring who refuse to attend — in fact, are not even mem bers of the room. This is a fine opening for those individuals who, when hard hit, sometimes pay merely from the fear of being posted ; for if they make wagers with bookmakers who are not mem bers of the room, there is no danger of their names being placed on the black board, inas much as the metallician who is not a member of the room cannot post a de faulter. Why bookmakers will continue to stand in their own light is a mystery to me. The men from whom the ring derive their main support would much rather prefer to pay and receive in such a room as that of the Victoria Subscription Committee than in front of a bar ; and as the members of the ring prefer the latter, it is no wonder to me that we yearly witness a considerable falling-off of backers of standing. It is to be hoped that the members of the room will set a good example on Monday evening next, and muster at the rooms in good force to part and receive. Mr. E. Rowe, the judge appointed by the V.R.C., put his foot in it when he wrote to the Australasian last week, and the foot-note attached to his communication most have startled him " some" when he perused it. He requested Mr. Robertson to come into the box because he had taken a double on Romula and Lapdog ; and as the first event had come off, he thought it better that somebody should keep him company in the box in order to satisfactorily Bettle the matter if there should be a close finish. Most upright judge! Did it never strike you that as cricket and other umpires, aye, even referees in pugilistic encounters, are supposed to be free from all betting transactions, that he who occupied the more dignified position of a racing judge should stand aloof from wagering upon an event the result of which he had to decide. Being a man of highly honourable notions, migkt he not have communed within himself in this manner: — " Well, this is a close shave, and as I have backed A, a decision in his favour may be regarded with suspicion, so I shall award the race to B !" Take my advice, Mr. Rowe, and never bet on a race the result of which you have to decide ; if you do make a wager, never write to newspapers, and let the world know it, else you may again see such a withering foot-note attached as there is to the letter you addressed to the Australasian last week. Verily, Mr. Rowe, you put your foot in it. The Ballarat programme appears in our ad vertising columns this week, and it will be observed that the general entrieB close on the 21st inst. There is no pleasanter resort than the Dowliog forest course ; and as many of the cracks of Victoria and New South Wales are engaged in the Cup and Handicap, there is a probability of some rare good sport taking place. Amongst the races that are not yet closed are the Telegraph' Stakes, flying Handicap, and Sutton Handicap, all of which are worthy the attention of those owners who poseeygood horses. Mr. Winch's horses, Little Dick, the Baron, and Jack Sprat will be disposed of by public auction at Kirk's bazaar, on Monday next. There is no better horse in Australia than Dick, and those in want of a " nailer" should not fail to have a shy for him. Mr. Winch's Baron and Little Dick are both scratched for the V.R.C. and free Handicaps, to be run to-day. Mahoney requests us to inform Grotty that he will run him level from 100 yards up to a quarter of a mile for a trophy. The match to be made to-night, at J. J. Miller's, Garrick's Head hotel. Mr. George Petty, it will be seen, has announced the second annual sale of the Maribyrnong year lings for Thursday, the 4th of January. They are a splendid lot this year, and I shall take occasion, in a few days, to pay the stud a visit, for the purpose of seeing how these youngsters are pre- ; gressin?. Last week I reported progress anent the Woodstock youngsters j and nothing would afford me greater gratification thaw to visit every stud in the colony, and give publicity to my views. With the support of the racing public, I hope I shall next year be enabled to ride my favourite hobby, for nothing affords me more gratification than a peep at good thoroughbred stock. I saw Mr. Petty's young ones a few weeks ago, and they were looking exceedingly well ; but as they have now been taken up and handled, I suppose they have improved considerably. Lady Heron (the dam of Beatrice and Argus Scandal) has a strap ping fine colt ; Rose de Florence (the dam of King of the Ring and many other good ones) has a magnificent son to represent her this year ; and Chrysolite and Sylvia claim two grand colts. The filly by Maribyrnong out of N-'ginlight (the dam of Lantern and My Dream) is the grandest I Lave ever seen, and Art Union and Tricolor have fine daughters by Firework?. The sale, it will be ' seep, ' takes place at Maribrn;:.:u-, m.cT Mr.. Dougharry will again officiate v» ill- \\\w hammer.-. Friday Evening. Although not se successful as usual prognostications respecting the e4 - in my second and thirds day, I do not d- < ants of the my oh&raoter; to-morrow. -cgpaie of retrieving Of thk Rma, ' WW Dick, Kino first, second, and thii..ter the ABf Age States | to-morrow, and I have a . wonderful foncy for the J King, though Dick is a to&gh; ciirfdmer $v# distance.. Conthssa, MM' jtSSScs, apd F airy will have a slashings set-to for the Oaks; and I fancy J£s££ will jtist bdwl over the big black filly, for the V.R.C. Handicap, Barbelle reads like a moral, and if Mr Lee is sensible he will reserve her for this event. Next to her I prefer Saladin, Planet, and Lapdog. The last-named I have not half done" with yet, despite the defeat he sustained in the Cup, and we shall him do a good thing one of these days that will astonish those who think him a "gone coon." for the free Handicap, t must plump for Misty Mobn ; and the Steeplechase will see Rbdjdbeb, Nab- Cisse, Vuxcan, and Typo in the van at the finish ; and if Typo has improved anything in condition, X shall put my sovereign on him. The Queen's Plate looks.' like a good thing for Wabbior, and Irish: King ought to be near him. If the boy can hold the latter together, I fancy his chance mosL 