;^i%afttj[c, $(tmq, &t.; THE EVENTS OF A NIGHT. rPEOM THE 'ARGOSY.'] . Most of my readers will probably have forgotten an incident that took place many- years ago, and at the time of its occurrence created an amount of excite ment that has since been rarely equalled. X was then scarcely more than a youth ; now I am old enough— well, old enough, like Lord Chesterfield, to indite letters to that a tragedy so exciting in those days may still bear ? an interest in these : I will therefore briefly relate the facts of the case, and the subsequent task I had of unravelling a mystery that for long, had baffled all investigation. ?It is scarcely necessary, perhaps, at this enlightened stage of the world's history, to state my utter disbelief in ghosts and ghostly visitations, in the vulgar acceptation of the term. That remarkable dreams, warnings, and pre sentiments do sometimes occur I cannot doubt, nor have I been ever able to un derstand the ridicule with which the mention of these things is met by the generality of mankind. But whilst con vinced that at times the Almighty sees well to employ the medium of invisible yet direct agency in the accomplishment of His great ends, I have never been able to place faithin the belief that jfche spirits of the departed are permitted to return to this earth, in any shape or form open to _^__ the human eye. Therefore I give forth that portion of the following incident which concerns myself, precisely as it occurred, to me, utterly unable to account for it. To my readers, if they have the power, I leave tb- task of explanation. In the year '1810, there stood — and is still standing — a large rambling inn, by the side of a long, straight,' deserted road in Yorkshire, kept by a man and his wife, named Morrison. Very little was known of this couple, and they were not liked by the few who claimed their acquaintance. The landlord, John Morrison, was a tall, strong, burly, man, with a swarthy complexion, and shoulders like a moun tain. The expression of his face was heavy in the extreme, and his small black eyes had a habit of never looking people in the face. He was usually dressed in thick corduroy trousers and waistcoat ; and in summer might almost always be seen in shirt sleeves ; his hair, black and bushy, looked as if it had been drawn through a hedge backwards ; so that, on the whole, he seldom presented an attractive picture. His wife was a true helpmate ; they must have taken a fancy to each other from a detected re semblance ; but she was quieter than her husband, apparently more cautious and calculating. A tall, strong, bony woman, she, never seen but in one description of dress — a lilac print made so scantily that it did not seem to admit of room for the slightest atom of under garment. 'But the gown, with all pertaining to Mrs. Morrison, was invariably clean and neat, ^ and in this respect, at least, she boasted an -ad vantage over her husband. At this i period they had been tenants of the Rose and Crown for eight years, paying their way as it seemed, yet doing so little busi ness that it was a mystery, how they managed. Although the Rose and Crown was situated on the high road along which the stage coaches travelled, passengers very seldom alighted from them for refreshment. The town of L ? was at a distance of about two miles, and the walk there was one of the loveliest imaginable. It lay between hedges, beautiful with wild roses and honeysuckle, and heavy with their scent ; across fields of the greenest pasture, buoyant with the song of the lark ; and, about half-way, through a small coppice, or plantation of trees ; which latter has long since disappeared. Does any one recognise the locality by this short description ? It is not impos sible, to those who have known it in the days gone by. The Morrisons were famous for con tinually changing their servants. But one maid was kept, who looked after the housework, Mrs. Morrison herself superintending such cooking as was required. Whether the place was not comfortable, or whether the loneli ness of the situation was too much for the nerves of the women, it is certain that rarely could one be persuaded to stay . beyond three months ; and then she would leave, declaring that whilst the landlord and landlady had lived in ' plenty, she had been half starved. Their present maid-servant, Kate Frost, had proved an exception to this rule, and had now been with them three-quarters of a year. She was four-and-twenty, not above the middle height, but well and even gracefully formed. She had soft dark eyes, a bright color, and an expres sion of unvarying sweetness. Altogether, in manners and appearance, she was much superior to her position in life. Engaged to a young carpenter in 1J ? , in a very good way of business, she, though not comfortable at the inn, did not care to change again for the few months she had now to remain in service. Her lover had wished her to do so ; he could never imagine why she had quitted the town to bury herself at that unpopular hostelry ; but Kate loved and needed the pure country air. This obstinacy of Kate's gave George Huntly many a walk up to the Rose and Crown from L- ? after his day's work, for he seemed happy only when near her. That they were most sincerely attached to each other was undoubted. Kate had made a wise choice. Throughout L no man was more respected, for his station, than George Huntly. ^c One fault he had— he was too kind hearted ; unable to say No to any one, even when it went against his better judg ment. The natural consequence was that his failing was known, and advantage often taken of it. If any of his ac quaintances wanted a sum of money they -f immediately went off to George Huntly, certain of getting it, or at least a portion of it. Often it was paid back to him in time, but on the other hand he often never saw it again. Amongst those who had thus put them selves Tinder an obligation to him was John Morrison, the latCdiord of the'Rose and Crown. The sum he had borrowed was a considerable one ; and now that Huntly was ? about 'to set up house keeping and take to himself a wife, lie was pressing for its payment. Morrison had not the money in his possession, or even half the amount ; and the question as to .how the chum was to be met was weighing heavily upon him. One hot, 'sultry evening in July, Huntly started on his walk to the Rose and Crown. The day had been bright and cloudless ; rain had not fallen for some time, and nature was beginning to look parched and dusty. That morning Morrison had received a note from Huntly, sent up by one of the young lads in his employment, announcing his intended visit that evening, and insisting upon the repayment of the money. Morrison had been dull and gloomy and ill-tempered all day in consequence of this note, for he could see no way out of his dilemma. The day was ever afterwards associated in Mrs. Morrison's mind with a slight in cident that occurred to her just before George Huntly came up. She had seated herself for a few moments upon a bench outside the inn, to catch what little breeze was blowing, when a window above her was suddenly thrown open, and a pail of water came showering down on her in nocent and unsuspicious head. For a moment her breath was taken away by the shock, but as soon as that was re covered she started up from her seat, and turned her eyes upwards. Little need, however, to seek an ex planation. A wild, insensible, shriek of laughter, loud and prolonged, and the sudden banging down of the window, re vealed the culpit. The act proceeded from the stable-boy, a lad less than half-witted, who had been with them now for more than four years. He seemed to be owned by nobody ; none: could tell who he was ; of himself he had never been able to give any account, except that his name was Tim. They had found him one morning asleep in the stable loft on a bundle of hay. It happened that Morrison was just then in -want of a boy, and the lad on being asked if he would take the place seemed willing enough to consent. They did not keep him too well supplied with food, but as he would eat any scraps and leavings that others refused, he throve tolerably. All this time they had paid him no wages ; he appeared to know nothing of money, its value, and uses ; and he had not cost them much in clothes. Occasionally, a. worn out pair of breeches of his master's, which Mrs. Morrison would attempt to bring into shape by cutting off a portion of the legs, and taking in the waist ; or a waistcoat that would undergo a species of the same transformation. But the lad possessed, no vanity, and seemed unconscious of the strange figure he pre sented. On the whole Tim was a useful and economical appendage to their estab lishment ; he came in for the waste, like the pigs. But they soon discovered one tiling — iie- requizeu kiiiu Lrcaumem. Any other discipline he would have run away from. This probably had been the real secret of his sndden appearance in the stable loft on the morning of his dis covery. Mrs. Morrison jumped up with a word that was never intended for polite ears, and shook her dripping garments, at the same time executing a kind of hornpipe in her rage and mortification. ' That there boy again,' she muttered, maddened by the thought that it was not possible to correct him. 'HI be the death of him yet, or my name's not Morrison.' As if in defiance of the threat, the window again sprung up, Tim's head was thrust out shrieking with laughter, and his hands were clapped together in the extremest manifestation of glee. Mrs. Morrison went round and dis appeared, her dripping garments flap ping about her legs. She mounted the broad old-fashioned staircase and caught sight of Tim at the end of the long, dark corridor : with another shake of her fist she entered her room and closed the door with a bang. The h'ouse seemed full of these 'long: dark corridors ; of mysterious passages which led to large wainscoted rooms, into which no one, not excepting the Morrisons, ever penetrated. The greater part of them were destitute of any other furniture than a thick coating of dust, the undisturbed accumulation of years. But to return to George Huntly. On his road to the Rose and Crown he had called upon an old f rend who .also owed him a not inconsiderable sum, and this he had succeeded in obtaining. He then proceeded on his way and reached the inn soon after Mrs. Morrison . had disappeared for the purpose of changing her gown. On her return she found Huntly and her husband on the verge of a quarrel. Huntly having succeeded in one instance, seemed d«ubly put out at Morrison's inability to cancel his debt. He declared that the money he must and would have,- and blamed. Morrison for having borrowed what he seemed unable to return. ' He pulled out a bag of sovereigns from his pocket to show that others could come forward honorably enough and pay their debts, and passed the -shining gold from one hand to the other before the greedy and ill-favored eyes of the man . and his wife. 'I'll tell you what it is,' said Morri son at last, as if a sudden idea had struck him. 'You'll stay and have supper with us, and over a pot of ale I'll fix the time and manner for paying you back your loan. Go in wife, and hunt up the larder, and if it's bare send over for some sausages to the farm.' With a look from her husband she easily understood, Mrs. Morrison went in. The farm was more than a mile away, and ere many minutes were over, Kate issued forth in quest of the sau sages.. She might have been gone some three quarters of an hour when she returned flushed and breathless. She threw down her parcel upon the table and sank into a chair. ' I don't know what's come to me lately,' she said. ' My breath goes at the least exertion, and I get such a pain in my side that I scarcely know how to bear it.' ' And you needn't - have gone, after all,' .returned Mrs. Morrison. ' Why not ?' ' Because H^j^yjiiii j$ne off without his supper. You 'had Hot started 10 minutes before He~]uTap'e~d up and de clared that he had forgotten an appoint ment in L ? for to-night, and must go back.' 'Couldn't he wait to wish me good night f said Kate in vexation. 'No; he said it was impossible, but he promised to come over to-morrow.' Kate said no more. Though terribly disappointed, she felt certain he would not have gone off in that sudden manner without good reason. The next morning it was known that George Huntly was missing. As the days went on without Vn« turning up, the matter began to be enquired into. No sign or trace of him was to be found. On quitting home that last night, he- had given no orders, made no remarks ; had not even told any one where he was going. The last person who had seen him in L ? was Mellish, the friend who had paid him the sum of money ; but even to him he had not said that he was on his road to the Morrisons: It was, However, well known that he had been to the Rose and Crown ; the Morrisons did not try to con ceal it : to have done so would have been simply foolish. They were subjected to a strict examination, for they were not favorites in L— - — ; but nothing could be gained from either in elucidation of the mystery, or as tend ing to throw suspicion on themselves. Every possible enquiry was instituted, every imaginable search made ; for weeks and even months after the matter was not allowed to rest ; but George Huntly re mained absent, and his absence unac counted for. After a time the episode began to be forgotten by the world, until at length, even in L ? , it ceased to be anything but an occasional and passing topic of conversation. Two years moved on. Although the mystery connected with George Huntly died out from the minds of men, it re mained fresh in my own. I could not forget it ; could not help frequently dwel ling upon it, and wondering what had become of him. During this time I had not lost sight of Kate Frost. She had left the Morrisons immediately after the disappearance, and come to live in'L ? . I would frequently call ta see her, and talk with her upon the matter which was eating away her life. I could see her visibly fading ; eaeh succeeding visit proving her weaker and more fragile than the last. Sooner or later, it would doubt less have been so in any case, but this blow had hastened the disease. And now, at the end of two years, the struggle was nearly over. . . One evening I received a message from her, asking me to go. round, if convenient. I immediately did so, and found her lying in an easy chair before the open window. She smiled faiutly as I went up to her and took her hand in mine — so thin, and worn, and transparent, that I could, almost see through it. - ' Thank you for coming, sir,' she said, speaking scarcely above a whisper, and with difficulty. ' Thank you for all your kindness and sympathy. It has helped me wonderfully to bear my trial. But it is just over.' I was about to expostulate with her for indulging in thoughts so gloomy, but she stopped me at onoe. ' Why should .you ?' she asked. ' I know it. I feel that I am going — that I am all but gone. And I am glad. I shall once more meet G-edrge ; meet him where we need not part again ; meet him where what has been mystery here will be mystery no longer.' 'But, Kate,' I said, 'George Huntly may yet be in the world.' 'No, no,' she replied, with as much energy as she could command. 'I feel it, I know it. Had he been in the world, nothing would have kept him from me these two years ; not all the prisons and impediments in existence. Nothing but death. He is dead, sir. I know it, and have known it from the first.' 'But you must have cause for this certainty,' I urged. ' Some suspicion of what became of him ?' ' I havehadthat always,'she answered ; ' and now, in my hist hours, the convic tion is stronger upon than ever.' ' You have never mentioned this to me, Kate.' . ' I dared not, sir. I feared it might somehow come to their ears, and that I, too, might disappear from amongst you. But 1 will tell you now, now I am beyond the reach of all human power.' She paused for some minutes to recover strength, then said what she had to tell me in as few words as possible. ' Y6u remember, sir, where George spent his last evening ?' 'I do.' ' You remember that I was sent out on an errand, and that when I returned he was no longer there ?' ' I remember that also.' /'Very well. . Mr. Morrison owed him a sum of money, which he could not re pay him. George, on the other hand, would not be put off. Thus, you see, they had a cause for wishing ham out of the way.' . . . 'I see.' ' You remember also that it was proved he must^have had a considerable sum of money about him that night, given to him by Mr. Mellish?' ' Kate, I have' forgotten nothing. It is all fresh in my memory as though it had occurred yesterday. ' ' I believe it, sir. -George was as open as the day. It no doubt would come out in the course of conversation with the Morrisons that he had this money about him, in gold. This would be a great temptation to them ; such a temptation as you, who haye.nexer. known, the want of money, could scarcely realise. Thus, you see at once a double motive for wish ing T'Tn out of the way.' 'I see.' ' Well^ sir, that's all. I have no more to say. You can supply the remainder for yourself.' 'You think, Kate, that— that— I scarcely tike to say it — these Morrisons could explain the mystery V' ' I do^ sir. I firmly believe that poor George came by his death at their hands.' 'And yet, how could it be? Re member how strictly they were examined. How .could they have disposed of ?;*' ? -' Ah, sir,' she interrupted,' *' I don't pretend to furnish details; I give you only the bare, broacl fact. I am dying, but you will probably live to see my words verified. Think of them ; do not forget them ; mark them : sooner or later, justice will overtake, those people. Their sin will find tliem out.' Kate died that night, and her words left a solemn impression upon me, as if they had been the words of 'the dead. For months after I .lad them ringing in my ears ; I would wake up with them in the night ; would dream tfiat I had at last brought home the crime to its perpe trator ; and I would -spring out of bed only to clutch at the darkness. I never forgot them ; and in some unaccountable manner a conviction of their truth was forced upon me. Time rolled on and the matter still remained a mystery ; but my conviction did not weaken. Twenty years passed away. The words sound like an age ; but, looking back, they span themselves into a very small compass. During that time things had changed with me, as they seem to change with most of us. Though little more than a youth at the time of Kate Frost's death, I was now a sober, steady-going man, nearly 40 years of age. I was now filling my place in the world, performing my allotted task. I had married, and had children around me — an equivalent to saying that I had upon me my share of care and responsibility. True, fortune had been kind to me, put time had robbed me of more x than fortune could give. In those 20 years many of the old land marks of my life had%-een removed, and some of earth's dearest ties broken. Now, the shadows are passing away shortly to give place to the glorious sunshine of Eternity ; that new world where we shall meet again those who have crossed its threshold before us j that new world where alone the spirit of man will be at rest from that strange, ceaseless craving after the Infinite from which in this world it is never free. I had left L ? for London, and, as is frequently the case, I had never revisited the old place. Now,, after the lapse of many years, I was about to return to those early scenes, though from motives of business and not of pleasure. Of pleasure, indeed, I anticipated none ; far from it. I was going back a stranger to a land where once I had known every face I met, and had been a favorite with most people. During this long period nothing had transpired to throw any light on the mystery of George Huntly's dis appearance ; the matter had ceased to be remembered. I went down into Yorkshire by the old coach, and we neared the town of L ? towards eight in the evening. We were approaching the end of October, and the night was dark and cold. As we drew towards L ? a sudden impulse prompted me to alight at the Rose and Crown — should the inn be still in exist ence. I put the question to the old coachman by whose side I was seated. ' You mean the one we are coming to, I suppose, sir,' he replied. ' A large rambling inn about two miles this side L ? , kept by a man named Morrison.' 'The very place,' I answered. 'Is John Morrison still the landlord 1' ' Yes, sir. But few passengers trouble the place. No one knows how he manages to make it answer.' At certain times of Jpy life I have had impulses, promptings — call them what you will— towards a certain course of action. At such times I have found it almost impossible to resist them ; and it has invariably proved that had I done so, it would have gone hard with me. To night the impulse was upon me to alight at the Rose and Crown : I could but obey it. The coach stopped, and I got down and entered the inn. I looked round. Everything appeared precisely as I had left it so many years ago ;. nothing seemed changed, nothing out of place. The very chairs were the same, and in the same position. The same old clock stood mournfully ticking against the wall, ap parently never having been moved. A chambermaid came forward, and I asked for a room for the night. She seemed surprised at the unusual demand, but said I could have one. Then I enquired about supper. She replied that they had nothing but a few pork sausages in the house, some fresheggs, bread, butter, and cheese. With these I was obliged to be content. As she mentioned the sausages, in a moment I remembered Kate Frost's errand that July evening 22 years ago, and the coincidence struck me as sin gular. : (To be concluded in our next.) 