NOTES AND NEWS. Kmqlish Mail.— The steamer with tho incoming mail from Europe was due at King George's Sounu on Thursday. Allowing tho usual lira days for tho branch steamer to arrive at Adelaide, tho telegram ought to come t hrough on Tuesday, oiionld it arrive on that day, our briuf notioe of the principal itoins of news will bo published as usual. Eistbb iroMiuva.— Excursion tickets will bo issued to-day uud on Monday from all tbo Htutions on thy railway line, availuhlo to return until Tuesday, at single fares for I he double journey. — Tub little child reported in Inst, issue to ho lost from tlio Broadwater was round on Friday, the 31st March, by a shepherd belonging to Ifalliford. It had been out in the bush ever, since the preceding Monday, had travelled twenty, miles, boing found on I he bunion of Wcrunga run, and niter Uvo days' exposure, appeared very little tbu worse. Court op Revision.— a court for reririug that ' portion of the electoral roll which relates to this part of the district, will bo held to-day (Saturday) at the Police Office. The examination of the jury which magistrates are specially invited to bo in attendance) will be laid on tho 11th instant — Friday next. - Tjik children attending the National School will not be allowed the usual week's holiday at Easter this year, inconsequence of the lengthened vacation of six weeks at Christmas. Hie duties of the school will bo resumed on Tuesday. Sous time 'sine a memorial was sent to tho Minister for Lands praying that a vci-erve for a estiipinggroum! he made shout twenty-five milr from Dolby on Cecil Plains, A reply hua leer, received from the department slating that the request oft he jncmr.rialw.s, MiwraNrbon,. Fntforim and Harris, ike., has been complied with, and 659 acres reserved -A»? the purpose above stutod in tho county of Derby, « spd duly gazetted. A letter has been, received hy tho , Mayor of Dalby from his Worship of Warwick drawing atten tion to (he excessive charges for the transmission of goods by railway, and suggesting tho advisability of tho Municipal Councils co-operating in memorialising tiio Minister for Works for a reduction. The matter will, we presume, be brought on .for consideration at tho next meeting. Wk have not henrd any mention mado of sports being arranged for on Knstor.Monday upon tho town course. -Doubtless a match or two will bo got up j but to thoso who prefer a ride out a few miles, Mr. Range oilers attractions at tho Bridge Inn. Oddfellows' Ball. — The members of tho Loyal Dalby Lodgo of Oddfellows nmiounco that their I mutual bull will tnko place on Wednesday evening, the 18th of tho prcsont month, in oonuhomorntiou of the founding of tho institution. This annual festivity is not got up for the purpose of augmenting the funds of tho oritur, but purely to celobrnte nnu \--exlcnti-ino great principles ot uuaioiiowsnip— " friendship, love, and truth," but any balaiico-that may be in tho 1 lauds of the treasurer, after expenses . Jmvo been paid, will be handed over to the funds of tho widows and orphnus. Tho public will therefore porcoivo that this object isb'adnirdublo .ouo, nnd wolLworthy-otrcc0gniiioii. Police Court. — The business at the Police Court has been unimportant during tho present week. On Snturdoy-lnst, Cnthcrino Munro was ilnod' £2 for drunkenness. On Monday Mary Warner, an old offender, was fined £5 for using obscene language, in default of payment three months' imprisonment. The case " Hammer v. Butonrau," for assault, was adjourned to May 2nd ; on Tuesday additional evi dence was token in the case " Bateman v. Foote," detaining a liortc, after wlricli it was dismissod. Tho caso raoutipned in last issuo of a summons for ridiug over the footpath, returnable on Tuesday, was brought against James Gordon and not Robert Ross. Gordon could not be found by tho police. The arrest of a well-known character has been mndo within tho last few days, which from the ability displayed by tlioapprchondiug constable is worthy of notice. - It appears that on the 10th March, a watch and cbnin were missed from an overseer's placo on Billa Billa, near Goondiwindi, and from circum stances JLliat afterwards came to tho knowledge of tho owner, named Cunningham, it was suspected that tho watch had been stolen, a young man named Georgo Crighton being suspected as tho purloinor. Awarraut was issued by the Goondiwindi Bench on Thursday, the 30th of last month, and handed to Senior- Constable'Sinytho' for execution. Smythe imme diately set out in plain clothes to track tho supposed offender, and making inquiries on tho road, followed him to Cecil Plains and St. Ruth, where he learned that Crighton had returned to Dalby, and that he had boon seen on tho run on Saturday morning lost Sniytho thou borrowed a fresli horse, and rode towards tho town. When ho arrived near Oakoy Crock, ho snw a roan leading a horse through tho grass somo distauco off tho road. Tho constable at once rodo towards him, but as the man's appearance struck him us bearing some resemblance to the one wanted, ho approached cautiously, keeping on the "weather sido" of the led horse,- so that the man would .notice his approach, and in tills manner he got ncarly!clo5eup, when lie rushed up to his quarry after satisfying himself that it really ma Crighton who was before him. As sobu as tho latter hcaruthe horse, ho turned his head, recognised tho constable, and then hurriedly began to adjust his dress. " Pull up !" said the const able." Well, what do you want?" asked Crighton, at the same Lime turning awoy and dropping something m the grass. " l have a warrant to arrest you on a charge of stealing a watch and chain, so don't move," at tho samo timo laying a hand on Orighton's eollur. Tho prisoner protested thut ho know nothing of tho watch, and expressed his willingness to meet the chargo at any time. Ho was secured, and searched, but no watch was found upon him. The constable had, liowcvor, seen the suspicious movement in adjusting the dress, and looking about, he picked up the watch within a couplo of yards or so of Crighton's fret. Further examination satisfied the constable that lie had captured the right man, as the watch answered the description of the ono lost, and bore the same number on the plate. Crighton was brought to Dalby, and lodged in tho lock-up. On Monday he was brought before the Bench here, and remanded to Goondiwindi to bo further dealt .with. _Great crcditia due to Senior-Constable Srnythc- for the prudenco ho displayed in conduoting tho arrest, jmd almost catching his prisoner with tho plunder still in his possession. MR CHAPMAN gave his first entertainment at the Union Hall on Tuesday night, to a crowded house. The artist's fame had long preceded his arrival, and the people here were prepared for some very extraordinary manifestations of hocus-pocus, but they hardly expected to witness the clever deceptions Mr. Chapman perpetrated. The whole of the tricks were executed in the most admirable manner, that of the rings being loudly applauded, as was also the manipulation of the hat and the coins, the shillings rolling into the " bell-topper" from all parts of the room. In one part of the entertainment, the novice who accompanies the professor, named Willie, and who is represented to be "quite a simple sort of fellow," is blindfolded, and with his back turned to the audience he names the various articles handed to the professor by the audience who holds them up in distant parts of the room, "What is this ?" asked the professor, holding in his hand a gold watch just given to him by a person well known, and with whom collusion would be impossible. Willie mimes the article, says it is gold, with a white face, steel hands, and that attached to the guard is a gold coin, with the figures 1791 upon it "Quite correct; it is the only coin of the sort in Dalby," the owner enthusiastically affirms and which had not been out of his possession for years. How it is done is, of course, a mystery; but it reassuring to hear the professor disclaim both on his own behalf and on that of Willie that the powers of darkness have any hand in these singular proceedings. The entertainment is varied and considerably enlivened by Mr. Wilkie, who sings excellently, possessing a good sweet voice of considerable power. At the second evening's entertainment, the "Box of Ghosts" was introduced. Mr. Chapman has his hands secured behind his back with a pair of handcuffs; he is then placed in a sack, tied up, and the cords are sealed with a signet-ring belonging to one of the audience. He then enters the box— which is a wooden frame covered with drapery, and while behind the curtains he takes off his coat and vest, which he pitches over the frame, rings bells and kicks up a row generally. Eventually he escapes from the "spirits," leaving the sack behind him, but still with his hands secured behind his back, and of course minus the coat and vest. The affair was well done, however it is managed, and as precautious are taken that no one shall approach the box, and the handcuffs and sack are examined both befre he enters and when he emerges from it, the magician must execute the whole of the maneuvers himself. The most singular part of this performance is that when he does emerge the cords still secure the mouth of the sack, the seal is intact, and there is not appearance of a rent or other sign of how a solid body - and Mr. Chapman looks solid enough - could get out of it. Lv oonnoclion with the rumour that tho Rev. James Love, of "Wickhnm- terrnco Presbyterian Church, Brisbane, had gono ovor to tho Anglican Church, wo understand Irom rellablo uutbority that the sensation which tho report caused was the means of causing tho sacrament . to bo postponed, which should havo boon held on Sunday last. On tho fol lowing day the Presbytery met, and a petition was prcsontod from tho congregation praying the Presby tery to take tho matter up, as such a rumour being afloat was calculated to injure tlio churoh, tho more so as it. still remained uncontradicted. Tbu rev. gentleman, having been nppoatod to for nnv explana tion of tho matlcr which no might deem it his duty to offer, fonnallyrcrignod his cliarge without oiforing any motivo "for such conduct. Tho congregation is therefore at present wilhouLa pnstor j and the mat ter witl bo taken up at the next sitting of tho Gonoral Assembly .— QxeenihtiKl 2V met, - _ A TKMtORAM in Thursday's Courier stales that Bsrtruml, who murdered iKinan named Kidnor in Sydnoy some years ago, has beoomo insuiie. We sincerely regret Imving to record tho death of Mrr Robert' M'AkT, of SwnnX'reok, which took placo rather unexpectedly iu Warwick on last Tuesday night. . The dwirji'd guullcmimj who was nephew of tho Itcv. C'ulin M'Cullueh and brother of tlio Roy. Mr. M'Ani of Dulby, resided for somo years with bis brother on their farm near the Heifer Station ; ho was kno'Ati in n mau of the most scrupulous honesty and of a gonial mid hourly dipoitiqii that won for him the esteem of all who hail the nvantufro of his acquaintance.— 'ilramick .-ir//ws, 