THE LATEST THINU OUT IN AMERI CAN SECTARIANISM. The Cincinnati Commercial ia^prms its readers that great religious oxciteraont exists at a pluue twelvo miles from Paterson. A new religious society, called " Jehovah's Band," has boon started, supplanting a favourite station of the Methodist Church. Tho Methodists send their best preachers to combat the heresy, but they are repudiated ; each man in his turn is forced to leave. The poouliur form of worship developes itself in puffing, blowing-, whistling-, shouting-, jumping, wrostliug, falling on the lloor, and rolliug- ovei; and kicking. Both women and men ongago iu tho exoroiso. Baptism is by immorsion in the village mill- pond at the dead hour of night. On Sunday they hold continuous services, and take a recess for meals only, refusing to road a newspaper or even to receivo a lottor on that day. A wealthy and well-to-do farmer of the neighbourhood is the chief man of the baud, and recontly had his houso rebuilt especially to accommodate tho brethren ; one room, restiug on strong boauis, has stood the jumping ; but a short time ago an ardent member, iu a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled with the Holy Ghost he folt as light as air, and oven though ho jumped upon a looking-glass he would not so much as bruiso it with a scratch, whereupon he began to leap upon tho stone hearth and broke it otf, and then, leaping ou the top, broke in tho frail covers, and finally smashed in a big rocking chair before ho subsided. Recontly a con vert to tho now faith—a man of family—was baptised in the farmer's mill-pond, before tho members of tho band, amid shouts and cries, tho whole of tho band at one time shouting " fire," to the alarm of their neigh bours, it being then after midnight. One of the baud told a reporter that as ho was at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that he ran a mile over ditches and fences before the spirit left him, and all this time he was so elated that he thought he was dying. They will not allow anyone, excepting those belonging to the baud, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other of their exercises, although no objection is made to the attendance of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen people will have the floor at one time, pounding and kicking, and the whole crowd seems worked up to a fearful state of excitement; some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in the wildest manner, and others, praying, whistling, or puffing, as if for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of the young folk during the proceedings. One of tho band, whose name is montionod, is thought to be growing insane under the excitement of this religious frenzy. There is no donbt that tho members of the band are sincero enthusiasts. The society now numbers over five hundred members. 