TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Aldinga we have papers from Melbourne to the 25th, Sydney 21st, Hobart Town and Launceston 20th inst. The Hobart Town Mercury states that another shipload of German emigrants was about to leave Hamburg for HobartTown. The coal heap at the Port is likely t« increase in size during the next few w< ek?, Captain bimpsun having 3 000 tons afloat, to arrive from Newcastle. :. On Thursday evening there was a crawled attendance at Charles's I'anora-ua of Kgypt and the war, exhibited at Port Adelaide. It was a complimentary night, only halt-price being charged on the occasion. The Crawler Times has been informed that a. pany working on the De.«p Lead, liarossa, have lately been very-successful, crushing last week 25 to us of cement, which yielded 17 ozs. of pure gold. The same journal states that im portant improvements have been effected in the Victoria gold-crusher, ani "that it saves consi derably wore gold now than before tbe altera tions. According to information supplied to the trawler Press, the honest cunntryuien about Onetree Hill are occasionally favored with visions of a phantom tandem team dashing across the road and over the fields at a great pace, without finding the fences any obstruc tion. Sometimes the impalpable vehicle has a ghostly driver in it, and sometimes the ethereal steeds are without any .guidance but that of their owa wills. Wapstraw is not always very imaginative, bat there is nothing tune or commonplace about this ghost story. A sad case of sudden death occurred last week to an old Strathalbynite. A man named George Fleet, a well-known carrier on the Strathalbyn and Adelaide road, started from the latter place on Thursday, the 20th instant, apparently in his usual health, but when near Glen Osmond he found himself too ill to pro- ceed any further, and he went to a friend's house. He became rapidly worse, and expired during the night, after an illness of only six hours. We believe the deceased leaves a widow and large family of children.—Southern Argus. On Friday evening the European and Japanese troupe gave great pleasure at tbe Theatre Koyal by their diverting and sensa tional entertainment. To-day they give an af ceruoon performance to suit the convenience of families, and will appear again in the even ing. This will be the last opportunity the Adelaide public will have of witnessing tbese_ performances, which have not been equalled by any of their class that we have previously had in this colony. On Monday evening the com pany will perform at the I'ort, and will sail for Melbourne on the following day. The Border IPateh of the 26th instant say--, " Yestsrdiy morning an old man named Michael Byrnes, a blacksmith in the employ of Mr. s'. McKay, received such injuries from burning as to leave his life in jeopardy. One of his fellow workmen on returning to the blacksmith's shop after breakfast, feuud Byrnes, who, it appears, was subject to. fits, lying oo one of the fires in one. An alarm was rave L, the unfortunate jnan raised oS the fire by his discoverer, and taken to the Hospital, where lie now lies in a very dangerous state. His shoulders, head, and a great part of his legs and back are literally roasted, antl faint hopes are entertained of his recovery." We learn from our intercolonial files that Mr. A. C. Gregory, the explorer, and vow Surveyor-General of Queensland, maintains that the bones found by Inspector Giluiour, and be lieved by him to be those of members of Leichardt's party, were the remains of Gray, one of Burke and Wills's expedition. Without going into the question of locality, we submit with all deference to Mr. Gregory that his pro position is not tenable. Inspector Gilmour says distinctly that he found three separate human skeletons, and it will not be seriously contended that Gray's remains would furnish more than one. . . : At a meeting of the Alberton and Queenstown Cricket Club, held at Alberton, it was resolved to make arrangements for football for the season, the opening game to come off on Saturday, 29th, on the ground adjoining the Gasworks, Kingston-on-the-bill. The following officers were chosen for the year:—President— Mr. B. C. DeLissa ; Captain—Mr. Thomas Sin- clair ; Treasurer—Mr. C. Formby ; Secretary— Mr. Thomas Sinclair ; Committee—Messrs. J. Counsell, B. Grandfield, and W. Bowsett From the statement read by the Secretary, it appeared that the Club numbered 30 members, that it had won several cricket matches during the past season, and was financially in a good position. Mr. Rounsevell has just returned from the Far North, and informs, the Gawler Times that every thing in connection with the tele- graph line is going on very satisfactorily. On his section of the work (Bagot's) 350 miles of poles are now erected, and he expects to finish the whole 500 miles by the end of July, and hopes the wire will be stretched a month later. They are now putting up the wire at the rate of 20 miles a week, but no communication is yet made with Fort Augusta, as the heavier wire required for this end of the line is in the Saxon, now fully due. She has on board the first hundred miles of wire for the line. The drays of the Government party had safely crossed the MacDonnell Ranges, and the Go- vernment work was in a forward state. At the usual fortnightly meeting of .the Metropolitan Division of the Sons of Tempe rance, held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Thurs lay evening,' April' 21. P. W.P. Brother W. King, jun.j was presented by W.P. Brother B. B. Cairasso, on behalf of tbe brethren of the division, with a nicely exe cuted P.W.P.'s collar. Brother Carvasso ob served that it had been resolved by the brethren that some mark of e?teem should be shown to the P.W.P. for the interest he has taken in forwarding the extension of the Order. Having I invested him with the collar, he expressed a desire that he might long be spared to wear it, and to work in the same cause. The P.W.I*. suitably acknowledged the testimonial, remark ing that the brethren might rest assured that his efforts would still be to advance fhe inte rests and extend the Order of the Sons of Temperance. 'We have received from the Secretary of the Industrial and Technological MHseum, Melbourne, a volume of lectures delivered in the lecture room of the Institute during the spring session of 1870. This volume is ?n ex ceedingly interesting and valuable oae, re flecting no sinail degree of credit upon the scien tific attainments of our neighbors, and fdso upon tbe commendable zeal exhibited in bridging that knowledge so freely to bear upon popular in struction. The volume is prefaced by an in troduction from the well-known pen of the Secretary to the Trustees, Mr. Marcus Clarke, and then follow the lectures, twelve in nuir.ber, liyProf e?sors McCoy, U alford, Wilson, Dr. Muel ler, Mr. Ellery (Government Astronomer), and a series of six on Chemistry nnder some of its most important relations to human life. The book is p inted by Mr. S. Mullen, of Collins street, and is a welcome addition to the litera ture of Australia. The Southern Argus chronicles the fol lowing list of accident."), the sufferers in all the cases being attended by Dr. Fergnsson, and are progressing favorably :—Mr. G. Hollands, jun., of the Meadows, on the 220 d, was rolling some ground, when by some means the reins became entangled. In endeavoring to release them he went in front of the roller, when the horse bolted, and threw him to the ground. He was dragged for some distance* iv front of the roller, and sustained severe iojuiies to the left side of' the chest and head, the left arm, and back. Fortunately no bones were broken, and he only escaped more severe injuries by "having been dragged into a small ditch, when the roller passed over him.—On the 20th, Mr. jjlackall, of Saudergrove, was booking his horses on to a log, when they sncG denly started off, and in doing so unfortu nately pulled the trace-hook through his hand, between the thumb and first finger.—Alfred King, of Strathalbyn, near the Belvidere, had been carting manure and had thrown his fork down with the intention of getting off the cart, when the horse started, throwing him on to the fork, one of the prongs of which entered into an.l ripp«=d up a portion of the lower part of the belly.—Henry Summers, in the employment of Mr. Balls, Mikng, vn the 24th April, was ridiug near that township, when bis horse falling threw him and then rolled over him, causing considerable contusion to the right side of head a&d; jaw. On Friday tlie remains of the late Mr. F. 11. Fesenmeyer, Keturniog Officer for the iJistrict of Sturt, were conveyed from Parkside to the North- Toad Cemetery. The hearse was drawn by four horses, and it was followed by three mourning coaches and several private vehicles, containing the deceased's four sons; also Messrs. H. J. Andrews, W. K. Boothby, G. Boothby, W. Hinde, C. J. Lawrence, P. Kainsford, and other friends. At the grave the service was imcreasively conducted by the Very Key. Dean Kussell. The funeral arrange ments were successfully carried out by Messrs. S. Mayfield 4 Son. The following i* a brief account or the deceased gentleman's -career: He was born 17th October, 1808, and was brother to Mr. J. F. W. Fesenmeyer, solicitor. The decease! was for upwards- of 25 years ma naging clerk to the eminent Parliamentary bar rister, C. Austin, Esq., of the Middle Temple, London, and now of Erandiston Hall, Suffolk, Engl :n his profession,'and so did his clerk. Iv 1556, however, Mr. Fesenmeyer, with his family, came to Adelaide, when he received his appoint ment in the Sheriffs department, which he held till liia death. In 1862 the then Attorne y Mr. R. L Stow, Q C, appointed him to the office of Returning Officer for the Sturt, which position he retained for the rest of his life. Mr. Fesenmeyer was known as an efficient public servant and a gentleman of genial dis position, and courteous pleasant demeanor. The annual examination in connection with tl (Mr. T. Burgan's), was held on Friday after noon, Aptil 29. A large number of excellent specimens of plain and ornamental penmanship, drawings, &c; , were exhibited by the scholars, and some well-worked specimens of needlework were Bbown by the girls, under the superinten dence of the Misses Uurgan. There was a largo attendance of friends, and Mr. S. J. Way pr.s sided. Mr. Burgan, in reporting ujon the school, stated that ihe progress and conduct of thepnjiiia had been on the whole satisfactory when they took into account the many hindrances which he bad to contenl against, such as irregular attendance, and neglect of home lessons. The attendance of scholars had kept up, notwithstanding fluctuations He appealed to the parents to assist him, by seeing that home studies were attended to. Mr. 1 H. NoolnaoJ, German Master, reported that i the German classes had made satisfactory pro t gross. G. Hubble had most distinguished him. . self, and had secured the prize given by Mr. \- Nooiuagel. The pupils were examined in the b following studies :—Grammar, by Mr. W. W. -. Leslie; Knglish history, by Mr. W. S. Moore; \- geography, by Jlr. T. J. King; Euclid, by Mr. J. Whinuam. In each branch of study the j scholars acquitted themselves exceedingly well, . and showed that considerable cars and atten tion had been bestowed npon them by Mr. Burgau. Recitations were given by the folio w * ing scholars :-G. C. Hubble, J. Millar, E. VT. _ Hubble, E. Broad (French and English), K. D. " Hilton, E. Warning, G. Hubble (German and , Knglisli), F. Hamon. Scenes from " Hamlet" t and " Pickwick" were also presented. The fol lowing-is the award-list:—Boys.—Fourth Class I P., E. Broad, O. Kiesling, G. C. Hubble; c, J. Hamon, K. Warnine, K. £>. Hilton. Ornamen tal Writing—P., F.'Broad, E. Waning. Klocu -1 tion—P., S. Broad, E. Warning, K. Hilton, n J. Hamon. Drawing—P., C. Kiesling, J. Millar. a Third Class—P,, J. Watson, J, Hooper, E. W. a HubMe ;c, J. Millar, J. Bament, F. Williams, I i A. Holland, A. 8.0 a.d, G. Fox, G. Hubble, A. r Otrgeeg, Klliott, Gnrr, Molten, Brookes, i. Mullen. Lower Division—Third Class—P., J. s Nancarrow, W. Fisher, A. Harwood; c, G. j Dinier, W. Ward. Second Class—P., S. Amos, £ W. Hus>scn, E. Me loy, S. CaTgeeg, T. Wil a, Kama, F. Bonnett; c, J. Hollow, W. Amos, J. „ O'ConneU. First Class—P., J. Brenton, J. Williams. Girls—Fourth Class—P., —Xies- line, K. Hubble. Third Class—P., M. J. 1 Broad, M. A. Palmer, E. W. Nanoarrow: c -c, J. JDnnk. Second Clats—J. Potter, J. t- Tame, A. Shepherd, E. Nancarrow. The f Chairman, after distributing the prizes, c spoke in terms of eulogy of the diligence and i- competency of Mr. Burgan, expressing his c pleasure with the result of the examination, b. and impressing npon the parents the necessity F of cultivating habits of industry in their d children when at home. Ckeera having been >- given fur the Cbainnan, masters, and ladies, r the proceedings terminated. The annual soiree in connection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association, was held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, on Friday evening, April 28. There was D a vury large attendance, the Hall being c crowded. The Ksv. Thomas James (President), c occupied the chair. The proceedings having '' keen begun with singing a hymn and prayer, j 1 the choir of the Church ably rendered " Hail | ? to the Chief," after which the President made , 13 some remarks. Lie said he must congratulate the Committee and officers of the institution, s th it their opening, after the recess, was one of ;s ma much auspiciousness. He thought be might s venture to say that institutions of that cha racter were an outcome of - that Christian! y s wliich l>ad done so much for -the world, ff and which in particular had done so much far L t it, since it had received the powerful assU ).' tance of the printing press. He was glad if for his part that the whole burden of sus r, taiuicg the progress of the time was not t thrown upon the pnlpit. He was glad that it t was so efficiently shared by the Press; and that i- in this division of labor, while the press took r up one department, it left to the pulpit its own c proper sphere, and it own proper province. He y thought he might say also that it was owing h in great measure, in his opinion at least, to : the general universal cuttuio arising from the , use of such institutions as that tbat life had a become so renund, so improved, and so elevated. * He kuaw of notliiL? that pressed home more 1 clearly and closely the radical improvement of Q ■ the present time than certain features—certain c obvious features—in cnrmeclion with the late E war. Tha.uk Cod they could speak of ~ .it as tbe late war. War was bad itself at !" best, bat it must be a cause of great thank ~ fulness on the part of all who held them. • selves at the service of their fellow men, and to '•• whom progress of the right kind was dearer * than life iself, that there had been features in '> connection with the war of a highly coiupensa- X toiy charactar. so that the war had not been all bad. He did not think there ever had been : since the beginning of the world a war which I had called forth so much compassion, to much s tenderness, so much pity, so much practical ;. charity. And this piactical charity had been a drawn forth net on any ground of paitiality or f prejudice. From America a large bounty had come x across tUe AtLuitic for the Germans and the j French alike, and their own dear old sea-girt and _ God- cared-for island had sent across tbe Straits ' B not of her abundance merely, but of her poverty, B in plenty both to Francs and to Germany. He r had sometimes thought that the war had al ; most been -worth everything that it had caused, I for what it' had disdjvered, for what it bad de j veloped, for what it had quickened, for the . signs and proofs of the diviner resources of the inlying life that bad been brought out'by the i disastrous circumstances. A hundred years ago, ' fifty years ago, and the war would have raged, s «tnt) dev;isted, and broken in upon domestic \- happiness and security, aud m> n would have L died by thousands, and the people where it . raged would have suffered from fever anl I famine, and there would have been nothing F in point of degree of the kind of thing \- they had seen in connection with ttia recent \- war. tie thought it was greatly owbig—first, i to the wider circulation of the Word of God ; > he would say next to the clear aul faithful : preaching of the truth; he would say next to ; tUe temper, tone, and wisdom of the Press; he i would say next to Mechanics' Institutes, to , lending libraries, to associations of that sort, that there was such an improved condition of ■ morality in the world to-day. Let them thank ; God they were certainly not going back. In • concluding, he gave the membera of the Society ! some excellent advice, showing that purity of thought and life gave man a power that he could sot otherwise pos?ess. Mr. W. Crooks then, with considerable ability, read an ex -1 tract from the Pickwick Papers. "Sam 1 Wellcr's Love Letter." This wts followed by ; a speech from the Key. James Allen, con ' taining much excellent matter. Messrs. A. • Chapman and J. W. Colton next capitally ' renuered "The Army and Navy," which was 1 succeeded by an address from the Bey. Thos. ' lUston of an exceedingly interesting character. 1 There was at this stage of the proceedings a short interval, during which fruit was handed 1 round. The second portion ot the programme was commenced by ." Oberlin in Fairy land," being well given by tbe choir. Mr. A. W. ' Dobbie then recited " The Legend of Horatius, ' manifesting himself a. good elocutionist; and Messrs. J. W. Colton, A. Chapman, W. B. Chiimer, and A. Chapman, having in an ad mirable manner sung "Calm thy slumbers," which they had to repeat in response to an im perative encore, the Ec?. A. J. Bogle made an instructive and amusing speech. Mr. J. Bee brought the programme to a close by reciting, with considerable effect, a humorous selection. Mr. G. W. Cot.on proposed, and Mr. Joseph , Lloyd seconded, a vote of thanks to the choir, , which was carried by acclamation; after which i the National Anthem was sung aad the audi , ence dispersed. Mr. J. W. Colton acted as ', conductor of the choir, and Mr. W. B. Chinner presided at the hai monium. Eeeatdm. —Our telegram respecting the shep herd dying in the railway train at Saddlewortb, , , was courteously supplied by the Station-Master j ' at Eiverton, not Kapunda. ' 