NEWS AND NOTES. In the supplement to this day’s issue-will be found our monthly summary of intelligence for transmis sion to Europe. We hold over several letters and re ports. Mr James M'Dowall- continues , vigorously to pro secute-hie canvass amongst the electors o£ Ripon and Hampden; and, as will be seen by advertisement, asks his friends to meet for the purpose, of forming com mittees, and other preliminaries. An old woman, named'Ann Gardiner, seventy-two years of age, was taken to the City look-up last night on a charge of drunkenness. _ Alexander Murray Browne, coach-builder, Bridge street, was arrested by Detective’Eason, on two charges of forging and uttering two cheques'; one on the 21st instant, for £56 10s, and another on the 9 th instant, for £77 10s. The cheques‘purported to be signed by Mr Jas. Bull, livery stable-keeper, Dove ton street. He will be brought up at the City Police court this morning. " ’ . :J Mr E. Steinfeld will address the electors on Tues-' day evening in the Ballarat East Town-hill. Mr G. R. Fincham will address the electors at the. Eglinton hotel on Wednesday next. On Thursday evening Mr C. E. Jones addressed the electors at the Smythesdale Mechanics’ Institute. There was a pretty good attendance. Mr John Keith, J.P., was voted to the chair. Mr Jones,-after intro ducing the subject of .his consideration, proceeded to remark that it would bo interesting,to those who had watched every turn and winding of Mr McCulloch for the last six years, to mark how Sir James M'Cullooh would try to conform to the necessities of the present political situation. Sir James M’Culloeh’s address to the.electors of Mqrnington had that'day appeared, and it was so framed as to allow him' an opportunity of chiming in with the popular feeling, as manifested in the ensuing election. (Applause.) The candidate then addressed himself to several of the prominent election topics. At the conclusion, Mr H. A. Corinaldi moved that Mr . Jones was a fit and proper person to represent Ballarat West in the next-. Parliament. The motion was seconded by some person in the body of the hall.' No amendment was ■ proposed.. On a show of hands being taken, about one-third were held up for the and only one or,two against it. Mr Jones returned thanks for the vote of’ confidence. In compliance with the seventh clause of the regu lations under the Wines, Beer, and’-’Spirits Sales Statute, 1864, Amendment Act, Mr Gaunt, P.M., has fixed the days and hours of the sittings of licensing benches as follows;—Ballarat City, 20tlTMarch, noon; Ballarat East, 21st March, noon; Sebastopol, 22nd March, 2 p.m. At a meeting of the magistrates held on the 27th inst., at Buninyong Police-court, Dr Brown, J.P., and Mr 11. M. Harvey, J.P., were appointed to act with Mr Taylor, P.M., as, a licensing bench for the district. On Tuesday, at Piggoreet, Dr T. Hopper, coroner, held an inquest on the body of a man named Robert Sutton Schuyler, who had died that morning in the Piggoreet lock-up. The deceased had, it seemed, been going about Piggoreet for two or three weeks drinking as a sort of vagrant, and had been arrested by the police on Monday evening on a charge of vagrancy. During the night he was taken very ill, and the police sat up with him and gave him brandy. They also called Dr Foster to the case. The deceased, however died that morning. Dr Foster, who made the post- mortem examination, gave evidence showing that death was the result of serous apoplexy, and a verdict to that effect was returned. A special meeting of the Liberal Registration Asso emtion was held in the Buck’s Head hotel on Friday evening.' There were between twenty and thirty gentlemen present.. Among the gentlemen present were Messrs F. Longmore, M.L.A., Dr Embling J: James, ex-M-L.A., and Hi' B. Chambers. Mr George Parsons was , called to the chair. The _ object of the meeting was the choice of a candidate to represent the “liberal” party in Parlia ment. The chairman informed the meeting that a letter had been sent to the Hon. Geo. Higinbotham, requesting him to attend fop Ballarat West, but he had that afternoon received from that gentleman a reply informing them that he could not come to Bal larat, as it was his intention to stand for his old con stituency, After a great deal of discussion it was finally decided that Mr H. B. Chalmers should be the association’s nominee. A sub-committee was then appointed to select a candidate to run with Mr Chal mers. The next business was the choice of candidates for Ballarat East. This was left over till next meet ing; in the interin; a committee was appointed to con fer with the Ballarat East Loyal Liberal Association, to see if. they could amalgamate. ■ The reasons given by the “ liberal ” party for going against C. E. Jones are, that he had lost all respect for himself, therefore he commands no respect in the House, and it is use less for any constituency to have him to represent them. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. The meetings of this association are to be held weekly till after the election. Mr Walter New, of Melbourne, will preach in the •Dawson street Baptist Chapel to-morrow, morning and evening. ■ • v ' ■' Mr Curtin, deputy dog-inspector, city of Ballarat, informs us that up to this date he has destroyed seventy-four dogs. _A special meeting of the committees of the Loyal Liberal Reform Association is called for this evening, at the Buck’s Head hotel, at eight o’clock. The annual meeting of the governors and subscribers of the Ballarat District Hospital was to have been held last night, but at the commencement of the meeting it was announced that a deficiency of. £297 had been discovered in the .collector’s accounts, and that his books were in the hands of the auditors for the purpose of having a special audit made. After several resolutions had been proposed it was at last resolved that the meeting be postponed for a fortnight to enable the auditors to bring up a report. At a special meeting of the committee afterwards held it was resolved that Mr G. Moore be suspended. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. There was a tug again at the Water-Supply Com mittee on Friday night over the great Gong Gong .scheme. On a motion for sending the plans and spe cifications to the Government there were eight for and live against the motion, all the dissentients being city councillors. For tho motion were Councillors Eastwood, Steinfeld, Cowan, Scott, Josephs, Curtis, Williams, and Fussell, against it Councillors M'Dowall, Cage, Fry, Claxton, and Chalmers. A meeting of the Greuvilleshire electors, convened on the arrival of Mr R.H. Lock in the course of an hour, was held on Thursday evening at the Common School liouse; Whim'Holes.' There were about seventy electors present. Mr C. C. Scorer, president of the shire of, Buninyong, was unanimously voted to the chair. Mr Lock; in-the course of his observations, asked-the electors to be careful to.discriminate as to their choice, lest in the very multiplicity of candidates they should fail to secure two members who would be able and willing to properly represent the leading interests of Grenville. He would have been glad if some unity of; action could be brought about, so that in the choice to be made they should have the two sides of Grenville represented. Mr Look then touched upon the leading political topics, his observations being sub stantially the sameas reported before. Mr M'Lelland proposed, and Mr Robinson seconded, the usual vote of confidence, which was carried unanimously. i At the meeting of tho Water- Supply Committee, which we are compelled to hold oyer, the mayor of the city apologised for some warm language used by him at a previous meeting, and expressed the hope that council lors would do their best to conduct tho business with out indulging in such.altercations in future. Accounts to the amount of over £4OOO were passed for payment by the Water-Supply Committee last night. ' 'i ; We have received from Messrs R. U. Nicholls and Cos., nurserymen, a sample of peas of extraordinary size. The pea is known as “ Lord Palmerston,” and is a seed ling from “ Veitche’s Perfection,”: imported from Eng land in 1868. It grows 24 feet high, and will' grow nine peas in the pod, of the.best flavor, and very pro lific. The sample was grown by R. IT. Nicholls and Cos., at their seed'farm, Dungaree, ploughed and sown: in the usual manner. - -; ; - /, L . The mayor of Ballarat East, at ; the meeting of the ' Water-Supply Committee last .flight, 1 : drew attention to the fact that, in reply to a question by Mr Yale in Parliament, the Government’ £ad ! promised to lend the £25,000 at 5 per cent., the satrierate as given by the Government,; but that the rate still levied by the Government was as . before/ . It, was generally agreed that the matter must pass for the present, but would need further attention. ‘ ' ‘ On Friday night Mr’ W.l C. Smith addressed up-: wards of four hundred electors at the Town-hall, Se bastopol, Mr John Martin in the chair.. Mr. Smith spoke for upwards of an hour to an attentive audience. A number of questions were asked and answered satis factorily to the meeting. A motion indicative of the candidate’s fitness was proposed, and followed by an amendment to, the,contrary. The motion was carried by a considerable majority. Ninety-three names were handed in of gentlemen willing to :act on r the local ■ committee to secure. Mr Smith’s return. A vote of thapks to the chairman closed the proceedings. ■ • : . Some amusement was caused at last night’s meeting of the Water-Supply Committee by a little lapsus of Councillor M’Dowall’s. In addressing the chairman ho said “ Mr Speaker,” and the slip was the signal for a burst of merriment at the unwitting evidence ..of. the nascent politician’s state of mind. Tho appointment of a licensing bench at Geelong took place yesterday. Eighteen magistrates were present; at the. meeting, and the mayor, Mr W. F. Docker, and Mr George. Cunningham, J’s.P., were elected. Our Stockyard Hill correspondent thus writes on 24th January;—“ Throughout the plains I find thresh ing being carried on rapidly,-but the broken state of the weather is doing a considerable amount of damage, as it has been nearly impossible for the farmers to secure their stacks, and many have been in too great a hurry. The consequence is, the grain being damp and tough, it- will not shell; therefore, it is impossible for the machine to make clean-work, yet I find that there will be a reasonable average. Wheat, as I stated before, will , be superior to the oats, that is, on the plains; but on Stockyard Hill the average I will -not be able to give until a little more threshing has been done. The late showery weather has been very beneficial to the squatter, and also must have kept the farmer a little easy in mind in regard to fires. Feed is more abundant than ever, and there is the same old cry for store sheep and cattle.” J. Penny, of Fitzroy and Brighton, brewer, has been sentenced to three months’ imprisonment, without the option of fine, for. severely maltreating his wife. ■ The assault was not denied, but it was attempted to palli ate the defendant’s conduct on the- ground that his wife was of dissolute habits and neglected the 7 children. The bench did not accept this as an excuse. Penny, who is in good circumstances', gave notice of appeal. A handsome calendar has been sent to us by Mr Curtis, printer. . It is similar in all respects to tho one previously received from Mr Mullen. We notice that this calendar has been done in England. It offers a fair medium for contrasting the workmanship with our local designer, Mr Niven, and in nowise to his, disadvantage. A meeting of the Grant. Testimonial Committee was on Thursday held in Melbourne—Mr S. Amess in the chair. It appeared- that.. the total amount of money receceived ’was £2673 5s 2d, which, after de ducting expenses, would leave £2643 10s Bd, or wich moneys received during the meeting, £2742 13s 2d. When all amounts were sent in, and all promises ful filled, about £3OOO would be the result. It was de cided that the accounts should decidedly be closed in fourteen days, and that persons supposed to hold money for the purpose should before that date re spond to the announcement. The hon. secretary re-’ ported that he had issued circulars calling all accounts in by the end of the year, but the response had been anything but satisfactory, the receipts proving far less than the central committee had reason to expect. In some cases the bad harvest had disabled farmers from subscribing, but very frequently, where something like gratitude ’ .was, to be expected for benefits con ferred, nothing was forthcoming. The only liberal response to the appeal had been made in Melbourne. A paragraph regarding Messrs M'Arthur,- Sherrard, and Copeland, Melbourne, having bought Messrs Dickson’s stock of soft goods for £50,000, should have been that goods to nearly that value had been bought by the first from the latter firm. The quarterly meeting of the Prince of Wales Com pany,- Sebastopol, at Craig’s hotel, on Friday, was 1 about the shortest we have ever not been at. Seven minutes after thq.appointed time, when.the manager and others are generally busy totting up and checking proxies, l the : whole ■ business was over, reports and balance-sheets adopted,. directors and . auditors re elected, and the chairman thanked—our reporter, arriving in time to see tho meeting broken up. Mr Niven, lithographer, Lydiard street, is bringing out some useful little maps showing tho electoral ; boundaries of.Ballafat West and ‘East. The polling: places in each district will be shown,. and the inap! will bejvery handy to candidates, committee-men, and; others. , ‘ , The 2bfcyrapfi,‘ which indulges in .more Strong, and : often unwarrantable,. language than the rest? of the Press put together, has taken the trouble to distort the reasons which we gave for the publication of the speech of Mr C. B. Jones. The Telegraph states that we said - that we felt, hound to report any slander, whereas we said just the opposite, and pointed out that Mr C. E. Jones is a notable exception, inasmuch as what he says is not generally believed, and he is a 1 peculiar type of public man.’ If the Telegraph is’ sensitive about what Mr Jones says we are sorry for it, seeing the kind of language which led to the retort,: but we have at least a right: to expect that what we 1 say will be correctly quoted. L , , , ” ’ Messrs Hepburn and Leonard will sell to-day, at four p.m., the publicans’ and refreshment booths,’ fruit stalls, grand stand, saddling paddock, gates, and the right to print cards for tho Miners’ Races, to be held on the 2nd and 3rd of next month.. ■ 1 Four or five years ago (writes the Argus) several shoals of pilchards were taken on the Williamstown side of the Bay, which met with a ready sale, and were a great boon to the inhabitants of Melbourne, Ballarat, and other towns in Victoria. But oirr pisca torial visitors disappeared almost as suddenly as they came, and it was feared that we had seen the last of them. On Thursday, however, a large number entered the Bay, and about 30 bushels of the largest we have yet seen were captured off tho Sandridge Bend, and were eagerly bought up by the people ashore. It is to be hoped that still larger catches will be made while there is a chance of doing so. The annual cricket-match between Tasmania and Victoria has been definitely fixed to take place on tho Melbourne Cricket Ground on 24th and 25th February. The two colonies, in compliance with the wishes of the Tasmanians, are to ne represented this year, by even elevens, confined strictly to amateur players. : Mr W.Turner addressed a meeting of the electors of Grenville on Thursday evening at Chapman’s hotel Hiscocks, at which about sixty electors were present! At the conclusion of the address a number of ques tions were put to the candidate, which being answered satisfactorily, Mr Maynard moved that the, candidate was a fit and proper person to represent the consti tuency in Parliament. Mr Moyle seconded the motion, which was put and carried unanimously.- The candidate subsequently addressed another meeting at the Rechabite Hall, Scotchmans, at eight p.m. ob taining an almost unanimous vote of confidence. ’ Mr Bard well has a new consignment of charming photographs, just arrived from Frith, of London, for whom the consignee is agent here. These new pic tures comprise views of life and scenery in the lake districts of England and Ireland, in Switzerland, Italy, Spain, China, Japan, Norway, and Batavia. All are interesting, and some extremely so, a visit to Mr Bardwell’s Art Gallery being just now a special treat, as, besides the collection wo have mentioned, tho visi tors will also see tho prizes in the Art Union which is now under subscription, Tho Geelong Express says “ The Star appears now to fear that there will be a combination formed in Geelong to aid the project for the Castlemaine to Ararat extension. It must be admitted that a short time since such an idea was mooted in a Geelong journal by someone whose stock of ink far surpassed his amount of sober sense, but the idea was scouted by every reflecting mind in Geelong; and ourßallarat contemporary need not raise this ghost of a)bugbear in , order to have the satisfaction of laying it again. Such an insane combination would not find ten man in Geelong sufficiently muddle-brained to countenance; it. Geelong is ope"h for combination,. no doubt; and; with Ballarat, but it must be on the basis of mutual benefit, and.respect for each other’s rights. If Ballarat will be content with the extension to Ararat, Geelong will consent to the construction of only a'portion of the ‘black’ line; both to bo constructed simultaneously.' Tins is a combination that'Ballarat will do well to consider, or the dreaded'Castlemaine extension may yet be un fait accompli." The Very Rev. Archbishop Folding, of Sydney, and the Right Rev. Bishop Shiel, of Adelaide, arrived in Melbourne on Thursday from Sydney by the Ranga tira. The Tclcgraph.-EB.yß:—" The Government have re ceived a definite application from Mr Gordon; C.'B.,at present in India, to take the management of our waterworks. It is thought likely that the Govern ment of India, who are acquainted with Mr Gordon’s application, may recommend it, for his qualifications are said to bo of a very high order, whilst he has the' advantage of having been engaged in the carrying out of. enterprises of a kindred; character with our. own. He at present occupies the position of deputy-engineer imchief in connection with the Madras Irrigation Company, whose works are advancing to completion, and who will therefore be in a position to dispense with Mr Gordon’s services. , His credentials show his connection with works of 1 magnitude in England and Holland, as well as in India. The question which the Cabinet will have' to deal with, when the application is submitted to them, which it is likely to be on Mon day next, .will be one of salary. 'ln India the services of competent men are remunerated at what appears a much higher rate than prevails in the Civil Service of this 'colony. .; If this 1 difficulty can be arranged, Mr Gordon is evidently the man for the vacant situation.” From the Fiji Times, to 4th January, we take the following extracts:—“ On Monday morning, 2nd January, the 20 Solomon Islanders, deserters from Messrs Strang and Finlay’s plantation at Taviuni, were brought before the British Consul Our readers will recollect that these men stole the plantation boat and killed four Fiji ,men at Direction Island. Mr March examined one of the men who could talk Eng lish. He deposed that the ‘ leader had come to them in the night and said they must come away.’ Mr March said he was a bad man, and should have his' tobacco stopped for two weeks. ( He advised Mr Fin lay to take the men back, work them, and treat them kindly! From Rewa we hear that the white residents on the river have organised a rifle corps and have begun practice; this is a simple item of news in itself, but, on consideration, what a field of conjecture pre sents itself; visions of defence from foreign invasion or intestine warfare.”. , I Mr Jackson, the local 1 telegraph master, had a very marrow escape during the thunderstorm on Monday, says the Colac Herald. He had just’ left the instru ment when the lightning was conducted by the wires into the operating- room, smashing some of them to atoms, and,a.ball of,firefell to the floor, and exploded with'the report of, a cannon. The floor was slightly burned, and the paper on the walls scorched. . The Excelsior Minstrels had another good house last night, notwithstanding, a number of meetings being held on different subjects in various parts of the town. A capital bill is prepared for this evening. 