Miscellaneous Items. Tuesday, the 6th August, being the annivi sary ot tlie birthday of H.R.H7 tho Duke ot Edinburgh, ' observed na a public holiday in Adelaide. The Adelaide Marino Insurance Compa have resolved upon making another call of 10s per share, wli if not responded to, thu company will bo wound up. The committee of the Mudgee hospital ha adi pted a petition to the Colonial Secretary praying for a s of 1.1000 to be placed on the estimates for tho erection c new building. A much neglected business, and one interest to the squatting community, namely, wool-scouri islikoly to betaken up nt Deniliquin, by Air. Hill-Truv well-known us a shecp-elassor and wool- stapler. A telegram from Port Darwin, received Adelaide on Monday, states that gold is widely diatriba over thc northern territory. Thc ship Phillis is tobe laid shortly. The question of constructing a branch tel graph line to tho Roper River is under the consideration tho Government, as well as that of increasing tho pres working stall'at Port Darwin. A man named George Perry has been remanded by the police magistrate of Tenterfield, on a charge of bigamy, until evidence was procurable from the Macleay district. A supplement to the Government Gazet issued last night, contains a list of runs which, having bi twico offered for salo and not bid for, are now open to leased at specified rentals. A proclamation in the Queensland Gover went Omette prohibits the introduction of horned cattle fri New South Wales. The penalty for an infringement of t notice is not more than A'5U or less than £10. On Thursday last a person named Lenthi sued District Judgo Moorland, ut Goulburn, to recover l aiun of £1 2s Od on work and labour done in repairs tc waggonnotte. The defendant conducted his own case, but 1 verdict went for plaintiff with 103 costs. Francis Neylan O'Brien, a Newcastle ce] brity, has been charged before tho local bench with havi inflicted grievous bodily harm upon ono Benjamin Willian on the 2nd instant, by breaking his leg, Accused was manded for eight days, bail allowed. Mr. Hardy, of the firm of Messrs. Stenhou and Hardy, ol' Hunter-street, Sydney, was advised by thu li mail that, in consequence of thc death of a relation, he I become hoi r-ut-law to personal property of the value of ,CSO,0i and also to a sharo in reul estate of very considerable value, The men Howard and Timmins, charged wil robbing and assaulting William Russell, a passenger by a c on the Parramatta road, and robbing him on Friday week L9 and some silver, havo been committed to tako their trial tho present Criminal Sittings of tho Supremo Court. Active steps aro being taken towards tl erection of the new theatre on South Head-road, and sevci hands uro busily engaged lu removing obstructions prepui t.'ry to tho hying of the foundation- stone bj' Sir Hercul Robinson. "We observe from our Hobart Town files thi Slr Valentine Fleming, tho venerable judge, has just led to tl hymeneal altar Miss Seccombe, daughter of the lute Dr. Se ci un bo, of Hobart Town. Thu event appears to havo create quite a sensation. The Queensland Parliament has resolve to pay members of Parliament £150 per annum, and ls 6d p milo travelling expenses, or steamer fare, from place of noni nation to the House of Assembly. This will apply to mci; bera of thc Council when it shall become elective. The Launceston Examiner informs us tbat privato company, formed in Melbourne, has leased 400 acr of land at York Town, from the Government of Tasmania, f tho purposo of workincr the iron deposits there. Tho necossai plant is being prepared, and tho manager, Mr. Lonnard, h arrived from Molbourno. The total amounts appropriated during tl present sitting of Parliament, lor the supplementary servil «if tho year 1871 and previous years is i.'42,S18 15s Od, au tile total amount appropriated for the service of the yen 1872, JUl,tiiiU,075 12s lld, making a gros« total of £1,711,89 8s Sd. Tho Commissioner for Railways, at th {solicitation of tho members for Argyle and Goulburn, hu agreed tu the issue of excursion tickets at a single fare for th double journey from all stations to Goulburn on the 21st an flflrd September, available for a week. The proposal for th reduction lu the charge ot horses has been refused. On Tuesday evening tho members of Nc 10\. North Truo Blue Loyal Orango Lodge celebrated thci anniversary by a dinner and ball in Clarke's Assembly Rooms Elizabeth-street. About 150 persons were present, and in tilt course of thc evening tho W.M., Mr. James M'Coy, was pu scated with a handsome rosowood writing desk, suitably in scribed, und un address expressing the esteem iii which li wus held by tho brotherhood. The last of the small-pox patients, namely thc young mau Keys and Mrs. M'Cabe, were discharged Iron the Sandhurst sanitorium on the 8th instant, perfectly cured The Jienditjo Evminp News states :-" Dr. Murray will nov proceed to Sydnoy to give evidence in tho brig Carl case, ir -which tho master of tho vessel, with another officer, i; etwrged with causing the death of sonio South Sea Islanders, whom they kidnapped, mid who rebelled with violence and bloodshed.' A case of supposed suicide by poisoning has occurred at Roma, tho victim being a man named R. J. Coley, formerly a clerk in the Treasury, Brisbane. An inquiry w'us held by th« police magistrate of Roma, and the evidotice tended to confirm the suspicion that the deceased had poisoned himself while temporarily insane. Deceased was thu sun of Hie late Captain Coley, Sergcant-at-Arms in the Legislative Assembly. A new journal, to be called the Inverell Xltmng Dispatch, is to bc published in Inverell shortly, edited by Mr. Frank Newton, late of the Armidale Telegraph,, the printing plant having been removed. Tho prospectus of another journal has been issued, to bc published in Armidale: called tho Armidale Chronicle, thc proprietors being Vincent Brothers. Thu Turnworth Weekly News is to be Issued on the 30th August, by Messrs. Gosling and Smart. The Hon. G. A. Lloyd Laving received a petition from a number of sailors at Newcastle, states in reply :-" f will take an carly opportunity of bringing thc mutter under the notice of my colleagues, and should it bu found that tho law operates in tho unequal manner repre sented by the petitioners, I feel sure that the Government will, on the rc-assombling of Parliament, after the recess, in troduce a measure which will alford the relief the petitioners desire." A new unguent prepared from native plants, and guaranteed to be free from poisonous qualities hus been introduced under thc name of "Tho Aboriginal Ointment," and as advertised may bc hud of Messrs. For.-ter Brothers, of George-street. It is claimed by tho compounder that it cnn bo applied to thu mose delicate infant without injury, that it is of infinito advantage for uso in tho family or workshop, und has made rapid cures on horses, dugs, and other animals. Many ex(>erieiiced residents of the town and suburbs recom mend it tn the goneral public. A supplement to thc Government Gazette was issued on tho 14th iustant containing proclamations declaring tho Crown lands within tho boundaries of the Nanima Itun, Co. of Forbes. Lachlan River, to bc a new gold field, tn bo ci lied *' The Nanima Gold-field," nnd excluding the lands within such area from conditional purchase. Like pro'.'tauiathuis are also Issued with regard tn tho Burra Creek or southerly extension of tho Tumberumba Gold-fields : and ilia Ohernu gold-liold in thc parish of Crete, Mozart, Duck maloi, Norway, Oberon, and Blenheim. A series of returns and accounts showing the position of the superannuated fund hus been printed by order of tho Assembly. The most prominent feature of tho whole consist nf tho following ;-Tho balances of pens'ons unpaid on 30th Juno was L21.187 17a lld, and tho balance cf gr.aiilt,len unpiid. L5702 5s ld ; total, L28.800 3s. The total recipts on account nf the fund during tho year 1*71, lueluil' lng L3.".;n 1H 3d deductions fruin I he inhrics of | uMh: i.iliecrs at the rate of i per cent, per annum, were L10S72 10s lld, and the expenditure 19233 17s Od, leaving a balance to tin credit of tho fund on 31st December, 1371, of LIÜ39 13s 2d. The usual weekly mee bing of St. Paul's Literary Association was hold in the class-room of St. Paul's sehool/Redforn, on Wednesday evening last. Mr.' IÎ. Leary, vice-president, tonk the chair. A very animated discussioi took place on thu question, "Does industry or chanca lead tho more to fortune." Tile IblKivviiitc gen tienten spoke: Messrs. Leary, Armstrong, Gordon, Jenkins, Orr, Chapman, Cuziieau, and Miliell. The interest wa* well sustained throughout tho debate, and much ability was displayed by I some of tho speakers. On tho question being put it wa; decided in favour of industry. A monster musical festival is to take place in Melbourne under tho direction of Messrs. Lyster and Cugli. On Saturday evening, 17th August, the Royal Italian Opera Company, with u churus of live hundred voice-!, accom panied by the organ, will take part in the ¡estival. Four organists will be present, and will successively cuise the instrument to discourse sweet music. These gentlemen are Mr. J. Summers, St. Poter's ; Mr. C. Plaisted, St. Stephen's; Mr. Julius Herz, St. Andrew's ; and Mr. J. A. Edwards, AU Saints" Church. What this entertainment will be may be judged from the statement of thc directors, that they intend it to be worthy of tho citj' of Melbourne. The seed of the Victoria Regia has been im portai into New Zealand. A Hawke s Bay contemporary says ;-We learn that a packet of seeds of tho Victoria Regia was brought down by Mr. Bryant in tho Star of the South. These seeds are to bo sent to Taupo, to bo planted in tho most favourable pools. Tho seeds were obtained bj' the Agent General from Kew gardens. We sincerely hope that this etlbrt at acclimatization may be successful. The introduction of the plant will not be of any practical benefit, but as it is perhaps the most magnificent of the water lilies, it is well worth tho troublo of introducing it if only for ornamental purposes. Scott, the Egerton Bank robber, may yet figure again in our law |courts. Tho Ballarat Star says : "It is not impossible that tho last luis not yet been heard of our cause celebre, the Egerton Bank robbery. It appears that , Scott, or his friends, whoever they may be, have got hold of I the fact that one of tile jury at Scott's trial is a native of Ger I many, und not naturalised in this colony, nor as a British subject. We learn that on Wednesday tho gentleman in ques tion was visited by the police, in order to ascertain whether he was naturalised or not, and lie naturally told thom that ho was not. Whether this fact can upset the verdict must bo left to the lawyers to decide. Tho juryman in question is a Mr. Brunn or Brawn, living at Cardigan." The youngest son of King Cakobau, a lad of fifteen years, who is now in New tiouth Wales, has, the Ovetix and'Alurray Advertiser says, addressed a short letter to thu Rev. J. Waterhouse, chairman of the Beechworth Wes leyan Circuit, nf which the following is a transition : "Wesleyan Collegiate Institution, Newington-house, Parra matta River, July 31, 1872. Mr. Waterhouse,-I, Joseph, from Fiji. I hear you aro stationed in Melbourne (i.e., "Vic toria), sn I writo away. You will perhaps forget tho ehild you baptised (me) at Bau. I am resident at this college, near Sydney. Tho Vunavula (the king's native official title) does not forget you. I send my love to you, air. Waterhouse, and to tho lady.-I, JOSEPH CAKÓBAU, your child in Christianity." Greville's Official Post-office Directory for 1872 has just been issued by tho proprietary, and may bo had at their establishments in Sydney, Melbourne, and Welling ton, New Zealand. It contains the names, residences, occu pations of tile post towns of the colony, arranged lucidly and alphabetically, and is dedicated by permission to the Hon. Joseph Docker, M.L.C., to whose courtesy and aid the com pliers are indebted for much valuable information. Tho pub lishers explain that they have avoided including in the Directory the city and suburbs of Sydney, as the work issued yearly for several years past, by Mr. John Sands is all that can !>e wished for, but they ventnre to hope that the two Directories will be found sido by side on every desk and official table in the colony. The Brisbane Courier reports that Mr. Justice Lutwyche has been, for several days past, confined to his resi dence at Kedron Lodge by a rather severe attack of rheumatic gout, and that he is still nuable to move without assistance. He left Kangaroo Point Ferry on Saturday, tho 3rd instant, I for Ipswich, and was then apparently in his usual health and spirit*). But it appears that the unusual severity of the weather at Ipswich, aggravated, no doubt, by tho want of n fireplace In his private sitting-room at ¡the hotel, brought on au attack of gout which made him unable to leave his room, and which compelled him, on the Monday morning, to depute to his associate tho task of informing tho jurors in the Criminal Court that there were no criminals for them to try, and that they were accordingly discharged. .Respecting the manufacture of New Zealand flax, tho How Zealand Herald reports that Now Zealand hemp as it is now cilled in thu English market, is coining into usc for other purposes than that of rope making. There were three specimens of cloth manufactured from ¡ton view. Tho article was prepared by Mr. 0. Thorne, No. 16, Mark Lane, London, and was forwarded by the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. No. 1 cloth is suitable for coal sacks, woolpacks, ¡cc, and is a singlo warp, made from the long tow taken from New Zealand hèmp libre, the same that is used for making rope. No. 2 is a clotli lit for coal-sacks, .xe. ; a doublo warp, made from tho same material as the above. No. 3 is a coarse " Scotch sheeting," made from fine New Zealand hemp ; the warp is from long hemp, tho web from tow. At tho Central Police Court on Wednesday, William M'Grath, alias Holmes, and Patrick Farrell were charged with garotting one Robert. Douglas of a silver watch, a hair guard, a gold ring, a cheque for LS, and a pocket hand kerchief, in Hyde Park on the 21st July. Thoevidonce as taken was to the effect that Sergeant Larkins and senior constablo Mulqueeny saw prisoners in town on the day after the robbery, and t hat they avoided them. This was about an hour after complainant had reported his loss. Robert Oliphant, a wai tor at Curry's boarding-houso in Clarence-street, know tho prisoners and testified that Farrell endeavoured to induce him to sell a watch and ring (corresponding to thoso lost by tho prosecutor)-that being unable to do so he had roturne'd them. M'Grath had since told him that Farrell had found a mark for the watch in a drayman at Wooloomooloo. The prisoner* were remanded till Wednesday next. 'Mrs. Rosa Butler, a lady who was well known in Melbourne some years ago us an elocutionist and public reader, died on the 2nd instant in the Melbourne Be nevolent Asylum, where she had been for tho past five years, Thu husband of the deceased lady is said to have been amera-, ber of the theatrical profession, and Mrs. Butler is stated to" have been related to Mr. Jefferson, the well-known American actor. Mrs. Butler arrived in this colony in I860, and was then .a teacher by profession. Although she stated on her admission to the asylum that her ugo was but forty years, the cause ol' death is sot down by the resident medical officer of tho institution as " old ugo." Tho deceased is supposed to have been about sixty years of age at the time of her death. She was Sometimes visited by a well-known lady member of thc dramatic profession, who some time since retired from the stage. About half-past 12 p.m., on Tuesday, shortly after the prorogation speech of his Excellency had been made to both Houses of Parliament, a considerable rush of people took place down King-street, and n man named Kean, who had a cab standing near th« Registrar-General's Office, taking oil'(probably in the expectancy of being hired.) thu nosebag of his horse, also took off the winkers. Tho animal took fright, and flew with tile vehicle by St. Mary's Cathedral, thc detach ment of the Permanent. Force being obliircd to swerve in their mureil home to barracks till ho passed. Passing down Boomerang-street he got upon tho footpath, but cleared the first lamp- pngt. The near side wheel came in contact with the second lamp-post, and, with tho concussion, tho horse was thrown into the road, after which ho was easily secured, The bo.-ly of the vehicle was found to be smashed and both wheels off, but tho horse was not injured. There were a great ninny pcoplo about, audit was consequently most remarkable that no public damage was sustained. , The first of a new series of Penny Reading Entertainments, under the auspices of tho Balmain Working Men's Instituto, was given in tho Oddfellow's Hall, Balmain, on Monday livening last, when about two hiiudrc*! persons, especially workingmen and their families, were present. Thc chair was occupied by Captain E. W. Cameron, of Ewingtou, who commenced thu proceedings with a very appropriate address, strongly advo cating tho idea of such cjutertainments. After which Mr. F. \v. Robinson .sang "Australia," which received its merited applause. Several songs and sketches followed, amongst which the sluging of Messrs, C. Butler, R. E. Isaacs, ¡md A. Pooluiaii, who sang very nicely, but require practice ami cou fidence. After numerous recitations and dialogues, tho National Anthem was sung by the company. Mr. John Deane acted as accompanyist. It is tho intention of tlie secretary. Mr. John Watkinson and connnitiee to continue these Penny Readings us often as possible. The Carcoar Chromic of August 10, reports two moro deaths caused by drink, The first was a shepherd iiamçd Smith, who was in the emcloy of Mr. W. M. Rothery, nf Chiefden. It appears that deceased had received Iiis cheque fur £-20 ls öd, three weeks ago; he went to Egan's public house on the Canowiiulra-road, and with thoexception of £5, wiid tx» have !>eeu paid for clothes, in fourteen days " knocked down" his cheque. As is proved in evidence Smith was drunk all thc time. Tho second was a miner, named Michael Ryan, of Lumpy Swamp. On Monday la»t, deceased and his party brought'in some gold Irom their claim cn Lumpy to the Carcoar Rank, and left town about 4 o'clock the same evening, in company with Mr. Gorman and his mates, under thc influence of drink- Between Carcoar and the place where the unfortunate accident happened, deceased fell twice from his horse. When about a milo from homo the horse deceased was riding, slipped and threw him against a tree, his head strik ing it sideways, which caused instantaneous death. At tho time thc acoident happened Mr. Gorman was thc only person in deceased's companj'-his mates having gone on. Ho was also thrown from his horse at tile same time, and lay insensible for about half an hour. Defences, or rather thc vote for their main tenance, caused a lively debate of some length in thc Victo rian Assembly on Thursday evening. The particular item objected to was that for maintenance of the local artillery corps, and on this the discussion was principally based. Mr. M'Lellan made one ot his characteristic speeches, denouncing the force as a fattening ground for gaol and asylum warders and policemen ; and, in proof of the assertion, said that he ; had onco noticed un individual walking the streets so straight and lean that healmost felt ashamed to pass him, but a lew weeks afterwards ho saw the samo person gaily patrolling In front of the Treasury, but so altered in appearance that he scarcely knew him, the few weeks' service in tho artillery having made him "almost as fat as himself" (Mr. M'Lellan). Tho same gentleman directed, what power of ridicule' he has to the detraction of the Cerberus, referring to the time when he took that monster to Geelong, and when one or two gentle men thought they could hit a target, and succeeded only in raising what some oi tho ladies on board thought was " a very pretty splash," somewhere aboutu thousand yards distant from tlie object fired at. There wa« n very long discussion, which eventuated in u division affirming the item by 45 to ll votes. A very strange transaction, says the Agc was incidentally brought to light during the trial of a petty case at the County Court, Melbourne, on tho 7th instant. Tho Bank of Australasia had required Mr. Hockin, late of Hcckin's Hotel, to give security for £2530 in some dealings between them. Mr. Hockin lia wealthy man, and his secu rity seems only to be wanted as a matter of form. Hockin went to one Twentyman, who is a carpenter in humble cir cumstances, and olfered to pay him £1 if he would sign his acceptance to a bill for £2530. "Twentyman being assured that it was a mere formal matter, consented, and gave his accept ance for the two thousand five hundred odd. Hockin was himself thc drawer, and he lodged the document, with Twentyman's valuable endorsement, in tho bank, where it was taken us another matter of form. This little bit of formal work was done to comply with a regulation which required that there should bo two names on a bill given as security under such circumstances, It is certainly a most extraordi nary way of driving the coach and horses through a law. Tho best of the joke is, or the worst for poor Twentyman, that he never got his pound. The Bishop of Grafton consecrated the Church of St. Pam at Ulmarra on Sunday last, and on Thurs day, July 25th, tho church and cemetery at Smith's Plat. The Grafton Examinar states that after the congregation at St. Paul's had dispersed, the Church was locked, and the keys given toone of the trustees with theinstriictimi that they were not to bo surrendered to an}' person, until a clergyman should bo appointed for the parish, und duly licensed by the Bishop to minister in tho Church. While tho Bishop and Mr. Spencer were partaking of some refreshment before returning to Gafton, the Rev. C. R. Currey rode up to the Church, and finding it locked asked by whose authority he was prevented from ministering there? Being informed "That as he held no authority to perform the functions of a clergyman of the Church of England in this diocese, his entering'there would bc an act of trespass." Mr. Currey made use of some remarks not overcomplimentary to the Bishop, and thou rode away. The Bishop and Mr. Spencer then returned in their boat to Grafton. A man, named George Bowman, took up quarters at Quinn's boarding-house, Sussex-street, ou Thurs day week. He went hnmeonMonduynlght, the 12th instant, about half-past ll, slightly inebriated, und retired to his room (a back one, in which there were three other occupants'). Next day, in consequence of deceased complaining, Dr. Wright was sent for and attended to the deceased, ad ministering emetics, &c.; Dr. Dansey was also in attendance. Constable Tindall, of tho A Division, being present. Death resulted. Dr. Wright found a phial, containing strychnine, in the room, and constable Tindall, on searching thc body, found another in the mini's pocket. The deceased rcfusedto give his name, and denied having taken poison, but expired, after suffering great agony, at half-past 2 o'clock on Tuesday after noon. Thc deceased was a fine-looking man, apparently about thirty years of age, was well dressed, and only arrived on the 1st instant, by tlie steamer New England, from Grafton. Only a few shillings in money was found on the person of deceased. At a Coroner's inquiry a verdict of "felodese" was returned. ' At the Central Criminal Court on Tuesday Mr. Justice Hargrave presided. James Baker was convicted ol having on the 2St,h May, 1872, in King-street, assaulted ! one Sarah Moloney with intent to commit a rape. Ile was sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. Henry Samuels alias Smith was charged with manslaughter for riding over Mary Molloy at the corner of Crescent und York-streets, on tho 27th May last., and acquitted. Esther Miller, for attempting to commit suicido, was sentenced to twelve mouth's imprisonment on Monday, before Mr. Justice Cheeke. James Rose was acquitted ot manslaughter. Henry Blossom and William Knight wero convicted on their own confessions of manufacturing counterfeit coin and wera each sentenced to five years' imprisonment ami hard labour. Emile DuLolle, formerly known us a professor of languages in Sydney, was charged with forgery and utterance, mid being found guilty was sentenced to two year's imprison ment.-On Wednesday, before Mr. Justice Cheeke, Henry Shaw, alias Christopher Parrel, was indicted, for that he did, on the 22nd June, 1872, feloniously, wilfully, and with malice aforethought, wound ono James M'Munus, with intent to kill. A second count charged the prisoner with wounding, with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. David Buchanan. It appeared from tho evidence of prosecutor, a prisoner in tho Parramatta gaol, that on the morning of the 22nd Juno, ho went up to tho prisoner now before the Court, and asked him to give him some satisfaction for something which he had said to a prisoner named Westhall, who had lately been i II of a fever. He told him that he would give him satisfaction ; that ho would knock his brains out with n pick. He said that he i was tired of his life. Ho then struck ut him with a knife, and he put out his arm to defend himself. He stabbed him on tlie arni, inflictlnga wound which bled very much. Two other prisoners then caught hold of him and attempted to secure him. The evidence for the defence having bien taken, the jury retired to consider their verdict, and after half an hour's deliberation, returned into court with a verdict of guilty nn the second count. His honor sentenced to prisoner to ten years hard labour upon the roads or other public works of the colony, thc sentence to bo concurrent with the sentence he is now undergoing, and which expires on tho ll th of August, j 1870, thus leavingthree years as punishment fir tho present, offence, which may bo still further reduced by prisoner's good ' conduct. Thc case of the Queen v. Larkins, perjury case, was postponed till the next session of the court. The third half-yearly meeting of the Sydney Meat-preserving Company was held nt the Chamber of Com merce, on Wednesday-Mr. Lackey presiding. Among the gentlemen present were Messrs. Bruce, Clements, Lackey, I Williams, Humphries, Orr, Gordon, Yeo, Rundle, Irwin. Williams, H. Mort, Buchanan, and W. Buolcnell. Tho chair- I man stated that a large number of shares that had been allot- ? ted had not been taken up, and tho culls had not been paid the totnl being 715 shares, representing a capital of over £3000. Tho parties applying for theso shares had not signed tlie deed ot settlement, and therefore could not be sued ; but those who had signed could be compelled to pay up. Mr. D. Gordon < moved that tho secretary write to the parties in arrears, and give them un opportunity of paying their calls up to the 1st of . September, failing which the shiircs to be forfeited. Mr ' Humphries seconded the motion. Mr. Buchanan,' ns ati 1 amendment, movd t hat time should bc given to tho end of ; the year, the amouuts bearing internst at 10 per cent jr» ' Orr seconded the amendment, which was put to tiiÀ meeting and lost. The original mo tion was carriel? The report and balance-sheet as read were then adorned Messrs. Lackey and Morris were re-elected directors, A vntñ of thanks to tho chairman and directors was duly prut tosari and seconded, after which thu gentlemen sat down to lunch off some of their preserved meats. Appended is the report " Tho directors have now to submit to tile shareholders their third half- yearly report on the affairs of the company, cnrlinp the 30rh of June. Active operations wore commenced at tha company's works in February lart in the boiling-down de part ment, but owing to tho nant of completion ot' preserVmT plant, that brandi of the company's operations was uti coin menccd until the month of May. During the pu»;-six month?" til© work carried out comprises the boiling and preserving 7200 sheep, and 100 head of cattle for the public, and 285 Iicad of cattle on tho company s account. The directors have to report, that the produce from the company's works sent to the Sydney market, consisting of tallow, sk'ins, and hides, 1MS realised a higher figure than had i>ecn quoted for along period past. The first shipment, consisting ol' 1300 cases(98,4-islb) of the company's meats, has been made per the Ann Duthie, and at the end of the present month about -1000 cases will bo on thc way to the london market ; the late encouraging news from England leads to the anticipation of satisfactory returns: arrangements have been made through Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., for disposal of the meats in London at an advance of -ld per lb. Since the com mencement of operations at Hacking Creek, the works have been kept in a state of thorough efficiency, and every atten tion has been given with a view to economy in expenditure, 3522 shares were applied for but not taken up by tile applil cants, and 1-178 were not applied for. The large number of shares thus unallotted, amounting to Ü7390, tho directors again regret to state interfered materially with their opera tions and prevents their progressing as rapidly as they would desire. To enable tho directora to proceed with vigour, and so make the company useful and efficient, tiley would urge on the shareholders to use their inlluence with their friends to yika up tho unallotted shures. The Rev. J ames B. Laughton, of Parramatta, in compliance with a request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath last. Thé reverend gentlemen took for his text in tho morning 1 Peter v, 7-.'Gusting ull your care upon God, for He curethfor you." After tho sermon Mr. Laughton intimated to the con gregation the deliverance of tho Presbytery with reference to a painful circumstance that has been investigated at a meeting of Presbytery. The ïïev. Mr. Laughton spoke in the follow ing terms -.-"Before bringing tho service to a conclusion this morning, my bruthen, I have, by request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, a painful but very necessary duty to perform. I believe it is not unknown to any of you that a very grievous calamity has befallen my dear friend and brother- your highly esteemed pastor. The circumstances are such that they can not be publicly detailed. It will be sufficient to say that the Kev. Adam Thomson and myself prepared a written state ment of the circumstances founded upon our own personal observations and inquiries; and that we submitted that state I ment, with documents corroborating-ic, to the Presbytery of Goulburn on Wednesday last, accompanied by such verbal explanations as we thought nececessary. Mr. Mackenzie himself also made a brief statement, and requested thu Pres bytery, if satisfied of his innocence, to give such a deliverance as mightenable him to resume his ministerial dutieswitliout hindrance. ' Mr. Mackenzie having withdrawn, tho Presby tery, aft l" deliberation, unanimously resolved to record their entire N3T!Î action with Mr. Mackenzie's conduct in tho very difficult and painful circumstances in which he had been placed. The Presbytery consider that tho statement sub mitted by Messrs. Thomson mid 1 uughtou, with the corrobo rative documents included therein, places the whole case in such a light that they can have no hesitation in expressing their conviction that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from any.charge or suspicion. Tho Presbytery believe that nothing that has occurred ought injuriously to affect Mr. Mackenzie's position and ministerial usefulness ; and they trust that ho may be long spured to labour in his present sphere with I increasing acceptance and success. The Presbytery resolve to I record their deep sympathy with Mr. Mackenzie in the severe trial with which lie has been visited, and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation, praying that all his affliction may bo sanctified to his growth in grace, and to the strengthening of his hands in the work of tho Lord.' Such is the deliverance of the Presbytery, which, in obedience to their request, I have now read to you. As ono of Mr. Mackenzie's oldest and most intimate friends, I may be permitted to add nn expression of my own satisfaction thatthe Presbytery hnsfeltitself at liberty to give a deliver ance which cannot fail to satisfy you, as his congregation, and the public generally, that Mr. Mackenzie's character is freo from tho slightest shadow of suspicion. I need not say how deeply his brethren in the ministry have sympathized with him, and that our confidence in him has been strengthened by the Christian, manly courage which prompted him at once to take counsel with us and to alford every facility ior full investigation. I trust he may be spared for immy years to labour amongst you, and that he may find in the increased attachment of his Hock, and in tho tokens of success vouch safed him hythe Great Head of the church, a cordial for his sorely-wounded spirit, May * tile God of hope fill both you and him with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.'" Th» service was closed with praise, prayer, and benediction, in the usual form.-Goulburn Hera ld, August 13. The Australian Division, No. 76 Sons of Temperance, celebrated their third anniversary on Wednesday, in the Masonic Hall, York-street. Upwards of -100 persons sat down to a substantial repast, provided and served by Mr. Bradford, of the Masonic Hall. After tea, Brother A. John son, W.P., took the chair, and called on Brother J. Broad bent to read tho third annual report. Ho said on this, tho third anniversary, he hud very great pleasure in presenting a very healthy and encouraging report both as regards mem bers and finances, to whom we may thunk the Great Giver ot all good in recognising their weak efforts for the reformation of the many, tho restoration of happiness and comfort to many unhappy homes as a leading step to higher und nobler pur poses, and accept this asan inducement to more serious und strenuous efforts to reclaim tile lullen ana wipe from out our sunny golden land (our England in niinuture) the great demon of intemperance, with all its attendant wretchedness and vice, its squallid misery and unhallowed homes. Though rapid progress has been mude, many more desire to become zealous workers with us, for within thc shadow of our cathedrals and churches muy be found some of tho lowest haunts of misery, and nightly maj' be seen many poor besotted creatures who have wives and families growing up and fullo wing their parent's footsteps. As a benefit they ara equalled by few and excelled by none, being within the reach of all, however poor. To the hard working maa the society is a special boon, for the payment of a small en trance fee, according to age, say ls per week, secures the ser vices for self, wife, und" family, of a first-class doctor and chemist, besides in case of death L20 to his widow. After twelve months membership he is entitled to 21s per week dur ing sickness. The total receipts of the year are L277 I"; Their working expenses, including costly furniture purchased L'15 12s ld, They have paid away to doctor and chemist, and for sick allowances L152 2s 4d, leaving a balance of L79 tis 7<j to their credit, which added to their bank account, invested at 5 per cent., amouuts to L109 3s 3d. Tiley have added 28 new members during tho year, and their financial members now number lil on tho roil, having expelled four members. The report concluded with un earnest wish that many would como forward and remove tho barrier of Intempérance, ana prepare tho wny for a more speedy and universal realisation of tile heavenly message "Peuce on Earth, good will to men. Duringtlie evening Brother lt. Balls was presented hythe society's niombers with a gold emblem, und an address ex pressive ol' thanks for his courteous and gentlemanly demean our whilst chairman nml treasurer at thu society. Brother K. Balls, in response, cordially thanked them fortlieir flattering address and handsome gold medal, which they presented lum with iy the hands of tho most worthy patriarch. Brother w Lucas. He said ho was proud of tho division, and hoped to ever merit their good wishes, and closed his brief acknowledg ment by wishing all health and happiness. Au^ excellent ethiopian entertainment, by tho members of the Kew Sown Wales Amateur Christy Minstrels, gave unqualified pleasure to the large audience nssembted. Tho performance opeiiea with a splendidly played overture by the company. Iben followed un opening chorus, "Oh riiy comrades, aim a pathetic song, "Driven from home," by Mr. 0. Mill.Paf.?' ltogerson's comic refrain, was good ; also, ll. A. *0"''cl.' "¿Softly o'er thc rippling waters; Roberts' "HannahMm a Jone»" wns very humorous. Mr. F. Dawson was deseneniy encored in his touching song, "Snow white blossoms, ann also rendered "Put mo in my littio bed." Next caineitlie sonnnnibula phantom chorus, sung with good cflcct. .^es3T' Mitchell and Poulter next executed some excellent steu dances, and Messrs, Rogerson and Poulter were very mn provoking in their comio nigger sketches. Mr. Mulpussa" Mr. Dawson sang two pretty ballads. A screaming laue terminated die entertainment shortly after ll ocWi. wo may mid that the scenic appliances used by tho States optT troupe wi-re in tact. 