THE PROVISION FOR MAIN ROADS. Amongst the items of Supply passed on Tuesday, November 26, in the Assembly was a sum of £60,000 for main road pur poses. Of this £40, 000 is apportioned to the Central Road Board, and we publish below a detailed statement of the manner in which the Superintending Surveyors intend to apply the money. Thanks to the Treasury Bills Bill No. 1 of this session, which placed in the hands of the Board £34,000 to be expended in construction, it has only been thought necessary to dedicate one-tenth of the provision on the Estimates, or £4,000 in all, to new works. Nominally, then, out of the £74,000 set apart for 1873 for the main lines under the Board's jurisdiction £36,000 will be devoted to main tenance, and £38,000 to construction. We say nominally, because as yet we have had no more tangible assurance than the general promise of the Government that the £34,000, or the great bulk of it, will not be squan dered away in patching up roads and making petty unsubstantial improvements which cannot in any proper sense of the term be ranked under the head 'construction.' A statement of the appropriation of the £34, 000 as recommended by the Surveyors has been before Parliament; it has been con demned as involving an obvious evasion, of the principle upon which the money was authorized to be raised, and it would be better for all parties had revised Estimates been submitted to Parliament. It would have been better for the members, for they would have known that the conditions upon which they gave their approval to the loan were being respected ; it would have been better for the Ministry, for it would have relieved them of the responsibility which will now be cast upon them of seeing that the Board carry into effect the spirit, and not merely the letter of the Act; and it would have been better for the Board, for it would have given them the opportunity of obtaining Parliamentary confirmation for their action. As it is, we presume the matter will be left in the hands of the Com missioner of Public Works and the Board, with the general instruction from Parliament that the proposed appropriation of the £34,000 already submitted by the Surveyors will have to be essentially modified before it comes within the terms of the Act. The proposed appropriations for the Central Road Board of the £40,000, forming ten fifteenths of the total vote of £60,000 placed upon the Estimates for main road purposes, are subjoined. It may be mentioned that each of the three Surveyors has provided for the expenditure of £13,333 6s. 8d., of which £12,000 is devoted to maintenance and £1,333 6s. Sd. to construction: — NORTH DISTRCT. Thebarton Bridge and Kapunda-road (50 miles)— Maintenance ? £1,500 Dry Creek-road (7 miles)— Maintenance ? 500 Grand Junction and Port Causeway-road (5 miles) Maintenance ? 250 North-read, Kapunda to Melrose (162 miles)— Maintenance ? ... 2,500 Mount Bryan-road (16 mfles)— Maintenance ? 200 Greenock and Bagot's Gap-road (4 miles) — Maintenance ? 200 Forresters and Blask Springs-road (30 miles)— Maintenance ? 600 North-road, North-West Branch (44 miles)— Maintenance ? 2,200 Wallaroo and Moonta-road (100 miles)— Maintenance ... ? 1,200 Kooringa and Port Wakefield-road (60 miles) — Maintenance ? 400 New works between Leasingbam and Hurd's Hill ? , 1,393 Alma- road (24 miles)— Maintenance ? « ... 300 OJd North-road (18 miles)— Maintenance ? ? 200 Gepp's Cross and Port Gawler-road (7 miles)— Maintenance ? . ... ... 700 Virginia Bridge-road (5 miles)^ Maintenance ? 200 Wakefield- road, Block No. 1, to Dunn's (46 miles)— Maintenance ? 50 Emergencies ? 500 £13,333 J. Morris, Superintending Surveyor. South District. South-road (69 miles)— Maintenance ? £3,212 Bouth-road, Willunga Branch (3H miles)— Maintenance ? 683 New woiks near Square Waterhole ... 250 New works between Hindmarsh Valley and Southwell ? ? 250 South-road, Port Willunga Branch (5i miles)— Maintenance ? ? 218 South-road, Encounter Bay Branch (24A miles)— Maintenance ? 272 South-Eastern-road (129 miles)— Maintenance ? 3,600 South-Eastern-road, Meadow3 Branch (6$ miles) — Maintenance ? 200 South-Eastern-road, Milansj Branch (9 miles) — Maintenance ? .,. 531 Bull's Creek-road (53i miles)— Maintenance ..' ? 1,290 Bull's Creek- road, Happy Valley Branch (5 miles)— Maintenance ? 256 Bull's Creek-road, Strathalbyn Branch (15 mflesjr Maintenance ? 160 Lower M«fiows and Wfllunga- road (12J miles)— Maintenance ? ... 120 Glenelg-road (5J miles)— Maintenance ? ? ? ? 542 Port-road (8 miles)— Maintenance ? ??. 689 Lefevre's Peninsula-road (nearly 2 miles)— Maintenance ? 140 Forest Inn via Thebarton to Port-road (3 mQes)— Maintenance ... ? ? — 140 Port Adelaide and Tapley's Hill-road (15 miles)— Maintenance ... ? 120 Kangarflla and Maclaren Vale-road (10 Maintenance ... ??♦ ??? ??► SO Wellington Ferry— Maintenance ? ??? ??? 80 ^mergeBcies - ... ... .»* ... 500 £13,333 €. T. HarghaVF, Superintending Surveyor. ? ? ?? ? ? . EASTEHW-DlSTRICTi' 1 7 '—?:?' r| Nortt-Eastern-road(50 miles)-: * - - : - . Maintenanee ..r ... ... ' .,.£2,950 North-Eastern-road, South Branch (14 miles)—- - - Maintenance ... ? 983 North-East-road, Dry Creek Branch (5 ' miles}— ?^Maintenance ... ? ... -200 New works between Stockade and Ard tornish ... ? ? ? 100 North-East-road, Smithfield Branch (16 miles) — Maintenance - ? ? 200 New works between Onetree Hill and Mount Gawler ? 100 North-East-road, Maidstone Branch (12 miles) — Maintenance ... ? ... 200 .New works between Maidstone and Mr. Scott's ? 100 North-East-road, Stony Creek Branch (20 miles)— Maintenance ? ? 300 New work between Springton and Eden Valley 100. Golden Grove-road (10 miles) — Maintenance ? 150 Flaxman's Valley- road (20 miles)— Maintenance ? ? 200 New work between Tarrawatta and Schiller's ? 100 Balhannah-road (17 miles)— Maintenanee ... ? 600 South-East- road, Nairne Branch (40 miles)— Maintenance ? 1,350 South-East-road, Woodside Branch (14 miles) — Maintenance ? 300 South-East-road, Mount Barker Branch (37 miles) Maintenance. ? 475 South-East-road, Mount Barker and Echunga Branch (4 miles)— Maintenance ? 50 Sonth-East-road, Woodchester Branch (9J miles) — Maintenance ? ,., ,„ 300 Eastern-road (30 miles)— Maintenance ? 700 North -road, North -East Branch (50 miles) — Maintenance ? , 925 Lyndoch Valley-road (20 miles)— Maintenance ? 1,000 Lyndoch Valley-road, Angaston Branch ? (14 miles) — Maintenance ? 600 Lyndoch Valley-road, Mount Crawford Branch (20 miles) Maintenance ? ,. 590 Kapunda and Truro-road (14 miles)— Maintenance ? ... 300 Ferry at Thomsen 's— Maintenance ? .... ... 50 Contingencies , ? 500 £13,333 C. F. 6. Ashwin, Superintending Surveyor. The following are the reports from the Local Boards : — Local Board of Main Roads, Mount Gambier, October 14, 1872. Sir— I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 10th instant, and in reply beg to state, after consulting with the Chairman of the Board, that the amounts re quired fer maintenance next year will probably be about £6,000. By the end of this vear there will be pearly ninety miles of metalled road in this district, and as the expenditure for maintenance this year has been kept as bare as possible, a some what larger proportion than usual will be re quired for the coming year. After the end of this year the accounts for maintenance and construction will be kept separate, as requested.— I have, &c.; 6\. W. Harris, Engineer and Secretary. Approximate appropriation of £4,000, by the Local Board of Main Roads, Port Augusta, for the year 1873, to be considered at their monthly meeting, Friday, 29th November, 1872. Main- New tenance works Stirling-road... ? £920 — Saltia- road ? 400 — Pichirichi Pass (30 chains metal ling, construction) ? 240 210 Horrocks's Pass-road (maintenance) Ditto (metalling 50 chains, now 400 — under construction) ? — 600 Horrocks's Pass (maintenance) ... 400 — Ditto (construction, Burgoyne's Cutting) ... ? — 590 Melrose-road (maintenance) ... 240 — £2,600£1,400 NOTE.— In addition to the above will be the appropriation of £1,950, on the Melrose and Saltia lines of road, branching from Stirling, for construction only, in equal proportions during 1872, as previously advised, making the total to end of year 1873, general maintenance, £2,600; construction, £3,350. H. Mildred, Secretary. Port Aueusta, November 11, 1872. Local Board of Main Roads Office, Port Lincoln, Oct. 29, 1872. Sir— I have the honour, by direction of the Board, to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 10th instant, No. 413,422, requesting the Board to say what proportion of the sum of £4,000 proposed on the Estimates for 1873 will be severally devoted to maintenance and con struction of main roads in this district. In reply I am instructed to state for your in formation that the sum of £1.750 will be devoted to maintenance, and £2,250 to the construction of new roadworks. — I have, &c;, K. Anderson, Secretary. The Session in Extremis.— With the approach of the prorogation Bills are falling like leaves in autmun. On Tuesday in tfce Assembly four out of a list of nine were added to the slain— three of them directly, the f ourtii indirectly. The measure to which the special consideration of being killed acci« dentally was extended was the Insolvency Bill, which after haunting the Notice-papers of four successive sessions is as far from the Statute-book as ever it was. The Attorney General on Tuesday, with' tolerably well feigned earnestness, urged the House to give it a chance of life. True, it was of extra ordinary length, but the main principles were few, and might be affirmed in an hour or two. Hon. members listened to his appeal, and deliberately declined to undergo the fatigue of following the Chair man of Committees through 180 clauses. Mr. Stevenson proposed as a compromise to put down the BiU for Thursday next, and this was accepted after the word Tuesday had been substituted for Thursday. Even supposing that the session extends into next week, it is safe to declare that the InsolveHcy Bill will not be pro ceeded with. The South-Eastern Drainage Bill was read and discharged because the loan which it was to authorize is to be raised in another form ; the Oyster Bill, because a question of privilege hung upon its further consideration which it was not convenient to raise; and the Civil Service Bill, because it had not the ghost of a chance of being passed. The Treasurer intimated that if a friendly voice was raised on its behalf he would abstain from slaughtering it, but the intimation called forth no re sponse. Reduced by these discharges and by the passing of the Miscellaneous Leases Bill, which took place oh Tuesday, the Assembly Notice-paper now includes the Constitution Act Amendment, Married Women's Property, Kerosine. and Thistle Bills, all down for Thursday next. The Legislative Council has virtually disposed of the Bonuses and Northern Territory Bills, and will to-day be able to ring the changes upon the Immigration, Scrub Lands, Treasury Bills, and Miscellaneous Leases Bills. There are one or two other measures that have not yet been disposed of, but they are not likely to occupy much time. On Thursday the report of the Committee of Supply will be brought forward for adoption, and no doubt the Treasurer, following ancient precedent, will then submit the Appropriation Bill. That once passed neither the Constitution Bill, nor the Woman's Property Bill, nor the Kerosine Bill, nor any of the other measures are likely to be permitted to stand in the way of the prorogation. The Anglo- Australian Telegraph.— The return of traffic on the London and Ade laide Telegraph line during the four weeks, or rather during the twenty-six days ending November 16— for the first message was flashed over the restored line on the 21st October—is highly gratifying. The total amount of the earnings, as is shown by the figures published below, has been £9, 159 9s., of which £1,058 11s., or rather more than one-ninth, will go towards reimbursing South Australia for the enormous outlay she has been and will be put to in connection with her land line. Mr. Todd, in reporting in April, 1870, upon the work which has been now completed, says — " The Company reckon sixty-five messages each way per diem for 330 working days. My estimate in previous reports was only twenty-five each way, or fifty per diem, and this moderate calculation at 10s. a message would yield £8,250— a little more than the cost of maintenance, leaving the interest on first outlay unprovided for. That is all our existing lines do. They barely pay their working expenses; but no one doubts that they indirectly more than repay the colony by the facilities they afford to the commerce of the country. It should be borne in mind that the business will yearly increase with the growth of the colonies; and further, that the line will promote more than anything else the development of the North. There can be no doubt of its being remunerative in a few years." Every one knows that Mr. Todd's calculations have been a good deal upset by the unexpectedly heavy cost of the line ; but it would seem that his estimate of receipts will probably be considerably under the mark. One thousand and fifty-eight pounds as the receipt for twenty-six days means nearly fifteen thou sand for three hundred and sixty-five, and this amount may, in the absence of com petition, be considerably enhanced by the lowering of rates. The total number of messages that have passed is 866, of which sixty more have come through to Australia than have been sent to London. This discrepancy is much less than might have been anticipated con sidering the large number of Press messages that are wired through to Australia. The contributions of the several colonies to the total income of the line have been respec tivly as follows :— Victoria, £4,747 7s. 9d., or rather more than one-half ; New South Wales, £2,701 6s. 6d.; South Australia, £1,121 5s.; Queensland, £510 14s. 9d.; and Tasmania, £78 15s. Except in the case of Victoria, the cost of messages to Europe has been greater than that of telegrams to Australia. We now subjoin the return :— Number of messages transmitted from Aus tralia— 403. Collected in the m . , Due South Colony of iotau Australia. South Australia ... £610 17 11 67 0 0 Victoria ? 2,010 16 9 227 0 0 Tasmania ? 59 1 0 6 0 0 New South Wales ... 1,503 0 3 162 10 0 Queensland ? 311 17 6 33 0 0 £4,495 13 5 £495 10 0 Number of messages transmitted to Aus tralia-463. Collected by B. A. T. C. T . , . Due South on messages sent to Australia. South Australia ... £510 7 1 60 11 6 Victoria 2,736 11 0 344 0 0 Tasmania ... ... 19 14 0 2 0 0 New South Wales ... 1,198 6 3 133 0 0 Queensland 198 17 3 23 10 0 £4,663 15 7 £563 1 6 Total value of traffic ... £9,158 19 0 Total value of South Australian proportion 1,058 11 0 Charles Todd, Postmaster-General and Supt. of Telegraphs. General Post-Office, Telegraph Branch, Adelaide, November 26, 1872. Attempted Suicide.— On Monday evening Mr. John Allen, a resident of the Seedbeds, was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, by Mr. F. C. Davis, suffering from a severe wound in the neck. He had during the past few days been drinking heavily, and made an attempt at com mitting suicide by cutting his throat with a pocket-knife. There is, however, no immediate danger, and it is probable that his act will not terminate fatally. Accident.— On Tuesday afternoon, while MichaelJohn Bentley, a builder, was plastering a wall in the Prince Alfred Hotel, he missed his footing on the scaffolding and fell to the ground, sustaining a fracture of the left ancle. He wa3 at once taken to the Hospital, and is said to be progressing favourably. Northern Crops and Locusts.— Mr. Coe has left at the Kapunda Herald Office a splendid sample of wheat from Gulnare, which he states to be about a fair average sample of the crops in that direction. The sample is about five feet in height, and the ears from three to four inches in length. The grain is so nearly ripe that it will rub out. There is some rust in the straw, but it does not appear to have affected the grain, which is of a tine plump character. The locusts in that direction have confined their ravages to the flag of the plant and the points of the chaff of the ear. If there is no very rough weather, the average yield will be quite 20 bushels per acre, but on Monday, the 18th, a severe storm knocked about some of the crops, so that the plants in parts are lying on the ground. In the Narridy Area the wheat is still more advanced, and in both reaping will commence during the present week. A letter from New Meckenburg, dated Noveaber 21, says: — 'Only within the last few days oar fanners have been able to bring in their hay on account of the late rains.' Some has been damaged to such extent as to be worth very little, whilst many haystacks had to be taken down again. A good deal of bay remains in the fields. The season altogether has been unfavour able as regards hay-making. The wheat crops continue very promising, and most farmers here (those excepted being those whose fields were injured by the hailstorm on October 7} are expecting a harvest above the average of the last 10 years. To all appearances reapiig will commence the first week of next month. There are no locusts here. ' Mr. Gill, of Fianiss Point, has left at the office of the herald a handful of ears of wheat as a sample of the manner in which the locusts are destroying some crops in that neighbourhood. In each instance the stalk was bitten through at about two or three inches below the ear, and the ears themselves had begun to be attacked by the locusts when on the ground. In the paddock from which these fallen ears were taken the locusts had first eatea off all tke flags of the plant before thus cutting the ear. In one pad dock on the side of this is a crop of oats, and on the other a grass paddock, but the grass has become very dry. The locusts, however, plainly come from the direction of Taylor's Kange, travelling about due west. Many of these insects have begun to fly; but whether on the wing or still hopping they travel together in large bands. Fortunately some crops are begin ning to ripen, so that the machines may be at work in, say, three weeks. The portion of the Press mentioned adds— 'We advise all farmers to put in the machines as early as they can, in order to protect themselves as far as possible against the ravages of these insects. Coming neaer home, we hear that in Mr. Thomas Wffliams's (Church) paddock/ Kapunda, the locusts, having stripped the flaes off the plant, have now began to cut the ears.' Pebdbo.— It is stated that in the neighbour hood of New Mecklenburg pleuro-pneumonia is spreading among- the cattle, and the farmers are taking special precautions to preserve as many as possible of their liya-stock from I contagion. Fine Aht in South Australia. — Mr. MacCormack, ot North Adelaide— a lover of art and a true disciple of the palette— has pro duced a work of more than ordinary merit, which is now on view at the office of Mr. Pizey, in King William-street It would appear to be the portrait of a bushman; and one cannot help feeling, as he looks at the picture, that it must be wonderfully true to its subject. But whether it be an actual portrait or not, it cannot be denied that as an ideal— as a type of the Aus tralian bushman, it is excellent. It repre sents him dressed in loose-necked shirt and blouse, with a wideawake hat on his head, and a short pipe in his mouth, which he is just in the act of lighing. As you look at him you become conscious of having attracted his attention, and be seems to be saying by a look, as plainly as tongue could speak, 'Just wait till I have lighted my pipe.' The face bespeaks the hardi hood, the cool courage, and unconsciousness of fear characteristic of the true son of the bush. The eyes especially are very good. The form, harmony, and choice of colours, expression, and pose are alike admirable. There is an ease about the whole picture which exhibits a true artist's skill, and a mellowness we hardly expected to find in a new production. The shades of colouring between the whisker and beard is perhaps a little too abrupt, but with that exception we can find no^ fault whatever. It is not seen to advantage in its present position upon a chair, but enough can be seen to assure the spectator that the picture bears the impress of talent If it were being exhibited as a Raphael, a Correggio, or a Murillo, we are not bold enough to say it would command success; but we dare venture to say that it wfll bear comparison with the average modern production. It is to be sub mitted to the Exhibition Commissioners, and if they approve will be sent to England. Snake Stories.— The following has been sup plied to the Yorke's Peninsula Advertiser on good authority:— 'A lady who lives near the Hummocks was startled on Saturday by one of her children telling her that a large snake was eating the hen's eggs in the stable. Being courageous, however, the lady armed herself with a stout stick, discovered the snake coiling itself in a nosebag, and shaking him out dis patched him at once. — At another place, on Monday, an individual was recounting a variety of stories relating to snakes, in which the nar rator was the hero. In the midst of his ? story telling,' a snake appeared in the roadway, affording a splendid chance for our hero to display his boasted courage. Considering, how ever, that prudence was. the better part of valour, he hesitated to attack the reptile, giving as a reason that it had done him no harm, and that* it should therefore be allowed to pass unmolested. The snake, profiting by the re prieve thus granted it, glided away, as did the snake- destroyer. This gentleman does not tell snake stories now.'— The Herald of Kapunda remarks:— 'We continue to hear of numbers of snakes being seen and dsstroyed in the district. The other day Mr. S. Carter killed one on the road near Marabel, and on the railway line snakes are continually being caught On Sun day, as the Rev. Mr. Day was returning from preaching at Tarlee, when near Ross's Creek he saw a black snake crossing the road, and killed it with his whip. The reptile measured four feet two inches in length, and was found to be full of eggs.' The Hamlet.— The Moonta paper says:— ' We are informed that the 20-end north of Eeddome's Shaft has recently exhibited a most decided improvement. About a week since an assay of the stone gave 40 per cent, which may be considered remarkably satisfactory. It may not hold altogether so good throughout, but is described as about four feet wide, and promises very well indeed. At the old Karkarilla a pitch has been made at 6s. 8d. in the p«und; this is in the back of the 70 fathoms. Six men have taken it, ana are mseiy to mara wages, inner pitcnes in this mine are.under offer, and will doubtless be taken in a few days. The Moonta discovery of green carbonates is at a point about 186 fathoms frcm the boundary of the Hamley Com pany's ground.' Complimentary Dinner and Testimonial.— On Tuesday evening a number of friends of Mr. J. Edwards, of Hindley-street, who has just retired from business, entertained him at the Black Bull Hotel. Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., presided, and the Yice-Chairman was Mr. Harman. The dinner, of which about 50 par took, was an excellent spread. The Chair man proposed the toast of the evening — w The Health of Mr. John Edwards, and wishing him God speed in any walk of life he might follow.' Mr. Townsend said that meeting was for a neighbourly patting frop one whom they respected. They wished him success in any new sphere of life ho might enter. He had to present as a testimonial a gold chain and double locket, also an inkstand, bearing the inscrip tion, 'Presented to Mr. John Edwards as a mark of esteem by his friends on his leaving business.' The articles were of colonial manu facture, the chain and locket being of pure South Australian gold; the inkstand was an emu's egg on a pedestal of silver, the supporters being the figures ef an emu, a kangaroo, and an aboriginal upon a ground of silver. The workmanship was superior. The Chairman remarked that these gifts were an outward expression of their in ward feeling. The toast was enthusiastically received. Mr. Edwards said he kfiew not how to express his feelings his pleasure was so great. He thanked them from his^ heart for the presents, and hoped he would live long to enjoy them. He desired to hand them down as heirleoms to his children, that they might realize the respect that had been entertained for him. He did not know how he had merited such marks of esteem andfriendship ; but now bid them farewell, and heped he would make friends wherever he went. It was arranged that another plate should be affixed to the inkstand bearing the name of the Chairman. Search for Leichardt's Records.— Andrew Hume, to whom reference has often been made, has, under date Lawson Creek, Newcastle Lake, Northern Territory, August 15, written thus to the Sydney Morning Herald:— 'The country I have travelled in the Northern Territory is well watered from the Roper to the Lawson Creek. There are many permanent waters, and for nine months of the year water of good quality can be found from one to five miles. On the great Ashburton Range are many good springs of water, and a great variety of stone; also, almost pure iron, garnets, jasper, and other beautiful stones; coal, copper, and gold. The Range runs about north and^ south. On the west side it throws the water into the great Newcastle Lake, which is about 65 miles long, and from 10 to 26 miles wide. On the east of the lake the gras^ is porcupine and poisonous herbs, which poison the blacks sometimes use on their spears. On the north* west side is fine grass of the best quality — nardoo and blue grass; timber scarce, hopey plentiful. The plains are extensive, from thirty to forty miles in length, and from ten to fifteen miles in width; fish plentiful, from £ lb. to 1£ lb. There is plenty of country for squatters, the land of the best quality. The blacks are much afiaid of horses and bullocks. They will not allow me to take a horse within fifty yards of them. Six blacks escorted me into their camp, and presented me to their priest, or Tanalanga, who then showed me their god, the image of which I have previously described. I remained one day and night in the blacks' camp; the same six men then escorted me out of their camp. They gave me every assurance that I should receive from them a welcome at any time I chose to return, and were quite willing to give me any information. They will not believe we can talk with the wire, but believe the tele graph line is to be a boundary-line dividing the whites from the blacks. They claim the western side of the line, that being the best I am to intercede to obtain that for them, but they are to leave the line undisturbed. Mr. A. J. Mitchell has been very kind, and rendered me every assistance in his power. He would have supplied me with horses if he had them, amd but for nip I should have been without arms, for he supplied me with a revolver and 52 rounds of cartridges. That was given to me at the time I intended to start for Normanton to obtain horses, a distance of 560 miles from this ; for I was determined to fulfil my engagement to the public, or die in the attempt.' Northern Territory Land.— Messrs. W. Wadham & Co. sold by auction on Tuesday a Northern Territory Land Order for selection, Allotment 658, Town of Palmerston, and Sec tion 2199, area 320 acres, for £75. 'Maritana.'— The fourth performance of ' Maritana' by the Shakespeare company will be given this evening in White's Assembly Room. From the increased attendance on Monday evening, it may fairly be inferred that the opera will yet run many more nights. Wright v. Australian Alliance Assurence Company.— In transcribing bis notes of this case our reporter omitted to states as one of the salient points of the defence that according to condition 2 of the policy unless the party entitled to make a claim gave to the Guarantee Company notice in writing within 10 days of discovering or receiving notice of any default by the employe the policy became void; and the defendants alleged that various acts of dis honesty had come to the knowledge of the plaintiffs, of which the defendants had received no notice. We feel it right to add this in justice to the defendants. It will be seen on reference to the report that Mr. Stow's argument on this point was fully dealt with. Lecture.— A course of four lectures has been announced in aid of the Building Fund of the Stow Memorial Schoolroom, and the first of the series was given on Tuesday evening by the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., the subject being 11 Sunrise from Mount Etna.' The attendance was injuriously affected by a severe thunder storm which came on between 7 and 8 p.m.. preventing many persons from venturing out of their homes. The Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., presided. The lecturer having briefly touched upon recent etirring occurrences in Italy, drew a vivid picture of the grand appearance of a volcano in eruption and the dreadful consequences accruing to the unfor tunate people who resided within reach of its devastating influences. He described the magnificent, impressive, and almost un interrupted view from Mount Etna, and spoke of the unrivalled beauty of the scenery, remarking that in some parts of the adjacent country there were spots where Nature seemed to have exhausted her resources in producing the most brilliant effects of land scape, whilst in others the ground wore a deso late appearance and was thickly covered with masses of the destroying lava, which had flowed with overwhelming force, and caused in olden times fearful loss of life and destruction of pro perty. The incidents attending a journey to the volcano were graphically related and the difficulties of ascending the mountain enume rated. The address was in language calculated to convey a clear impression of the grandeur and varied aspects of the panoramic view to be seen from one of the largest burning mountains in the world, and was listened to throughout with earnest attention. [From yesterday's Evening Journal] The Explorers.— A telegram, of which the following is a copy, was received on Tuesdaj fromColonelWarburton, who dispatched themes sage from Charlotte Waters: — ' We arrived here yesterday all quite well, and the horses in better condition than when they left Beltan&. I was obliged to leave the Neales and its tributaries because they are too deficient in water for occupation; and, besides this, they take for the most part a course to the southward of west, which did not suit me. I shall hope to reach Alice Springs in about a fortnight; but I do not think there is any hurry, as it is almost certain I shall have to wait there.' The Port Mayoralty.— On Tuesday morning a deputation waited on Mr. J. Formbv at his ?face, and presented a numerously- signed re quisition, asking that he would allow himself to be again nominated as Mayor. He stated that he felt much honoured by the compliment, aad said that if 'the ratepayers could find no one better qualified he would be happy to stand as a candidate. It must be understood, however, that if any opposition appeared he would not feel disposed to go to any expense. Mr. Drew did not think it likely there would be any opposition. Mr. Mitchell remarked that if a fight occurred there w*uld be a labour of love. The deputation thea withdrew. Valuable Donation.— Mr. S. D. Glyde has received a letter from Dr. Julius Haast/Curator of the Canterbury Museum, New Zealand, stating that he intends forwarding to the Ade laide Museum a fine collection of Dinornis or Moa remains, including one perfect skeleton. This will be a valuable contribution to our institution, and credit is due to Mr. Glyde, through whose instrumentality the gift has been secured. We hope the day is sot far distant when there will be a fitting room in which the many specimens of natural history and other curiosities now hidden from view, may be pro perly opened to public inspection. The Lanercost.— We learn that Captain Simpson has received a telegram, informing him that tke Lanercost is a total wreck. The Insurance Companies having unitedly come to a resolution that it was unadvisable to give in formation to the Press in reference to insu jsaaces which concern only the shareholders, we are unable to give any particulars as t» the amount for which the lost vessel was insured. Splendid Wheat.— Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., has shown us a fine sample lot of wheat-heads, taken from a paddock of his in the neighbour hood of Gawler. The stems are strong and healthy, while the ears are well filled and very heavy. The field will be ready for hand-reaping next week. If there are maay crops in the district at all approaching this in quality, and we believe there are, the residents may well be congratulated upon their improved prospects. ? Medical.— It is stated that Dr. Renner, late Surgeon of tte Overland Telegraph Construc tion parties, inte»ds settling at Kapunda. THB RaHVALL. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Mondaj and the same hour on Tuesday at the undermentioned places :— Adelaide ... . 0-058 Wallaroo ... 0*250 Gawler ... 0*030 Moonta ? 0*500 Tanunda ... O'llO Clare ? 1*450 Blanchetown ... 0*260 Melrose ... 0*640 Kapunda ... 0*190 Port Augusta... 0*450 Auburn ... 0*160 Mount Barker 0*010 Kensington and Norwood Nominat{ox3.— We are informed that the nomination of Mr. R. H. W. Humbley, for the Councillorship of West Norwood Ward, was handed in under a misapprehension, as might be inferred from the fact that he proposed Mr. Burton. Aborigines' Friends' Association. — On Monday evening the Rev. P. McLaren lectured at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the above Society on 'Scotland in fiie Times of Queen Mary. Mr. J.M. Sinclair, J.P., presided. After allusions to the natural features of the country, and the leading characteristics of its inhabitants, Highland and Lowland, tke lecturer pictured the appearance of Scottish towns, the burgesses, and their quaint dwellings, giving interesting particulars of the aspect of Berwick on-Tweed and Edinburgh, also referring to the raids on the Borders with their attendant evils. He then spoke of the wonderful stagnation of mind thatexisted in those times in the absence of the advantages which are now possessed. Stirring allusions were made to the veneration of the Clans for their respective Chiefs, whose position was regarded as next alone to God, the Chief being king, prince, pope, priest, everything to his followers. Evidences of the dignity and prowess of the Mclnto3hes and McNabs were related, and the lecturer rapidly passed on to notice the political state of the country; the three great powers being the King, the Parliament, and the Roman Catholic Church. He said he did not join in condemning the Papists of those day3, as they bad done much for Scotland in keeping alive there the knowledge of religion, science, literature, and medicine, and in opposing the slavery which then existed, benefits for which that country should be thankful. The proceed ings of the Scottish Parliament of 1560 were commented upon, and a somewhat cursory glance at the events of QueeH Mary's life followed, the lecturer expressing sympathy with the ill-fated Queen, against whom many hard and bitter things had been alleged. Her unhappy circumstances, however, greatly ex cused her conduct. Mr. McLaren then warmly denounced partial historians, giving an example having reference to the characters of Mary and Elizabeth. The Reformer Knox and his influ ence on the times were mentioned, the speaker saying that he was not a vindicator of Knox, who, no doubt, acted roughly at times, but he reminded his hearers that manners were not so refined 800 jears ago as now. The address which occupied nearly two hours, was listened to by a large and appreciative audience ; the severity of the weather, however, considerably affected the attendance. - 