f THE MEDICAL BOARD. to tiie editor of the aoe. Sir, — I havo waited with exemplary patience from the day on which I saw it Announced in your columns that the Chief Socretary of tho colony of Victoria had appointed a board to in- nuire whv certain mombors of the Medical Board had rosignod thoir honorary office, until this mo ment, hoping that some one better qualified for tho office would relievo me.of what 1 feel to boa public duty, viz., tho necessity of calling public attention to tho very remarkable proceeding of our Prime Minister with reference to this matter. But no dcus ex machind has favored me with his presence, and I now venture to crave space in your journal for a few lines on the subject. I havo called it a vory remarkable proceeding, for I venture to assort that never prime ministor appointed a board of inquiry under circumstances so offensively suggestivo of back stair influence as this, and I now ask your per mission to state the grounds upon which I base this assertion. Tho Medical Board is wholly the creation of statute; its membors, who are to bo appointed by tke Govornor-in- Council, must not ho less than three in number. The dutios the Medical Board havo to per form — the examination and registration of medical qualifications— are of a routine and commonplace description. Admitting this then, acting upon what reason, influenced by what principle, does tbo Chief Secretary adver tise, by tho appointment of this board of inquiry, those five gentlemen, who retired, tho Argus as sorts, because tho Govornor-in-Council thought proper to carry out the - law by appointing two additional members (Dr. Lloyd nnd Dr. M'Carthy) to the board, as being men of such transcenden tal ability, ' capacity, and knowledge, or in short, as so saporhumanly fitted for the particular duty, that out of a profes sion numbering about 700 mombero, he could not choose men qualified to replace those five gentlemen, who havo tho cool impudence in effect to say to the Governor-in-Couneil — " Tho Medical Board is our privato demesne ; wo are the em bodiment of colonial wisdom (i.e., cheek) ; the law says that you shall appoint its mombors, but we wish you to know that you shall appoint our nominees, or ruat cwlum." Oh, shade of tho Tooley stroet tailors ! where is your great cham pion now? Why do X not recognise your well- know stylo, oh, thou of mighty goose quill, vin dicating tho rightsof yonrCollins-streot brethren? And, oh, ye shadows of a free people, high and enlightened representatives assembled at the top of Bourke- streot, is thero not a ghost amongst yon who can ask Mr. Francis what Delphie oraclo in spired him to pnt tho machinery of Stato in gear for tbo astonishingly meritorious (some will say meretricious) purposo of advertising these five modost, retiring, and unassuming medicos, at the expense of your constituents. — Yours, &c.;, 26th July. CAUSTIC. 