GREAT FIRE AT YEDO. The Japan Mail of Aiiril 9th contains an account of thc fearful lire which recently desolated Yedo. lt swept two square miles of the city, destroyed 5000 houses, and rendered 20,000 persons houseless. The fire broke out about 3'15 p.m. on Wednesday, 3rd April, in an Aid zu Yashiki, within the second moat of tho castle. A gale was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Sud denly the fire jumped ¡ts it. were the two moats, the intervening roads, and n|wholc bloc!: of houses, aud then struck a Japanese house, and with almost tho speed of lightning rushed onwards towards the Tokuido or Im perial highway. Speaking of this part of thc city after the fire au eye-witness says-"The space between thc castle and tho Tokaido is now nothing but a heap of ruins, with hore and thero, a mud godown standing uninjured, like the ghost of the houses which before surrounded it. Kot. one stone remains standing on another, not one house has escaped the general destruction-from thc Is'ihou Enshi downward in a line with Tsukiji, and from the Castle to thc sea is one bare field of desolation mid ruin. Crossing the Tokaido, the houses have been burnt in every direction, and thc people rendered houseless have camped out. Dejected and sorrowful they sit in groups round a mat or blanket on which is spread a little food ; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with tho thousands who aro houseless it is impossible for any but Government to ad minister to their relief." The fire burned for about twelve hours, when its further progress was stayed hy tho sea. Hail thc wind shifted, however, during the night the conflagration would have proved more disastrous than it wits. Tho following is thc accout given by an ; eye-witness of the scene in Yedo during the fire :-At ; 3.15, when tho fire broke out, no one thought anything ' of it; but na it ;leaped from block to block, firing at ' several places nt once, the clanger was felt io be im minent. Thu troops in the Ye¡lo Hotel were sent into a place of safety, and SOVÜIMI foreigners living in tho French Hotel removed their baggage to thu foreign settlement. Another gentleman who was near the Castle at the outbreak of the iii ..! saw nt least fifty persons carried by on stretchers, nearly all dead, while a third witness, who was in Tsukiji, saw groat numbers dead by suffocation or lire. Mothers threw I heir children from thom into thc water to be drowned, cr on tho ground to bo burnt, aud rushed on to save themselves. Two-sworded men, druide with ex citement, cut and hewed in nil directions, and the men who were seen disabled by sword cuts were too numerous to count. lu contradistinction to this, daughters wero to bo seen carrying their fathers und mothers away ; children just old enough to know what ivas going on helped to save their parents from destruc tion ; awl what was moro touching than all wns to soe in tko distance people fall under their burdens, to bo overtaken by the flames before th ev could risc. Such scenes ns these lend nn additional horror to a sight already sufficiently terrible, and though nt this stage, when all is excitement and uncertainty, thc loss of lifo and property cannot be accurately judged, we feel assured that wc have under, rather than over, stated tho extent of thc misfortune." Tho loss of property is estimated at a couple of million dollars. 