THE Bonaventura Company have let the sinking of 50 feet of their shaft to William Pomeroy, at £1 18s. per foot. THE Neptune tributors are again at work. It is is their intention to take oat a block of stone to the ndrth, which was. left by the former holders, after which they intend to sink a deep permanent shaft. STHa MINING BrAnD.-The present mem bers of the Mining Board for this division iWill not be allowed a walk-over at the next election. We hear that one or two other candidates are already making preparations for the coming contest. THE WEATHER DURINa THE PAST WEEK. -The heat at times has been terrific. On Monday the thermometer ranged from 106 to 110 :in the shade,. and evens during tlihe night the heat was extremely oppressive. PIETY PURITY AND BUSINESS.--The Gee long Advertiser says that--" a tradesman re siding within an hundred miles of Colac re cently applied for an auctioneer's license. Being a respectable man the license was im mediately granted, bat being a religious man, his church declared he could no longer be. a member, as, as an auctioneer would have to tell lies. It is also stated that he has been objected to-by a friendly society, who re pudiate the idea of his having anything to do with a public-house." TaHE FRANc' GERMAN 'WAR. - Mr. Bishop, who has been residing at Costerfield for some years past, has received from Berlin a magnificent panorama of the. events of the late war between France and Germany. It is said to be as accurate as possible, and a really clever work of art. Mr. Bishop has also a powerful organ Which plays the martial music of the Empire. PaoTooGAPay.-Mr. Walsh, who has re cently purchased a very superior apparatus for taking photographic views, portraits, &c.;, has since .been turning out some highly creditable pictures. We advise those who require the services of a photographic artist, to pay Mr. Welsh a visit and examine some of his pictures before they make' up their minds that our local artist cannot suit them, as is often the case. Mr. Walsh does not only' turn out good pictures, but his tarrif of charges is, if anything, lower than that of most other artists. . A GHosT SToR.--Previous to relating the following story. which we have from Mr. Alsop, we m?ay state that we are rather staunch unbelievers in ghosts and super natural manifestations of any kind; at the same time we must confess that at times strange visions appear to people on whose veracity every dependence can be placed, but we cannot help thinking these apparently mysterious manifestations are the result of some well played trick or some optical de lusion, arising from some peculiar state. of the brain. But we are going a little out of our way; our duty is to describe what was seen, or supposed to have been seen, on the occasion of which we speak. We give the remarkable story as'nearly. as possible in the words of our informant, Who said that, 'on the night of the 8th inst., at about 9 o'clock, as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, and when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure dressed in bowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arm right ins front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right through the figure. , Miss Huges exclaimed " dear me, what was that ?" Mr. Bayley endeavoured to pull the horse eip, but on he dashed, nor could 'he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven. That is all ~we know of the south end ghost. 'CxacET. , The Heathcote Cricket Club have sent a challenge to play the Rushworth Club on the 25th inst., 'at': the Half-way House. In . the eveint of an acceptance, Messis, Sinclair, W. Parker, W. Robinson H. Robinson, T. ' Robinson, J. Kemp,- R Cocks, :J. Cocks. P. Cunningham, J Morrow, and W. Middleton will constitute the Heathbcote eleven.' Umpire, J. Parker ; scorer, Phillips. '' 