PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES TO THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. Bishop Perry was presented on Saturday with numerously signed congratulatory addresses from the laity and clergy of the Church, of England, and from the Eva.ngelical churches of Victoria, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of his consecration to the see of Melbourne. The presentations took place in the Town-hall, in the presence of about 100 of the clergy of various Christian denominations and many leading citizens, among whom were his Honour Sir W. F. Stawell Chief Justice, his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth, the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett (bishop's registrar), the ROD. J. P. Bear, the Hon. Jos. Graham, and the Hon. J. T. Smith. Sir W. F. STAWELL, on behalf of the laymen, presented the address (which has already been published). The BISHOP replied : " My Dear Friends The assurance of the respect and esteem of so many of my Jay brethren, conveyed to me in the address which you have just presented, greatly gratifies me and I very cordially thank you for it "While recognising the prosperity and in crease which God has graciously vouchsafed to the Church during the 25 years of my episcopate, I cannot take to myself credit for more than an honest desire, as a faithful servant of Christ, to do my duty in that state of life unto which it has pleased Him to call me. That which, in reflecting upon the past quarter of a century, strikes me most forcibly, is the wonderful goodness of God in so often preserving both myself and also the Church of which He has made me the bishop from the injurious consequences of my own faults. Not to me, therefore, but to Him alone be the praise for all the good which He has accomplished for us. "Among the virtues for which, in your great kindness, you have bestowed upon me very undue commendation; is ungrudging self-sacrifice.' This I honestly feel that I in no wise deserve for except in obeying the call of God to leave my native land, and separate myself from my beloved relatives and friends there I have not had any special occasion for the exercise of this grace. In this land to which God brought me He has given me all things richly to enjoy. Uadis turned domestic happiness, good health, a Sufficiency of worldly wealth, many loving private friends, a number of valuable fellow labourers, both of the clergy and laity, and much encouragement in the fulfilment of my ministry- these blessings have all been mine. To have to contend with difficulties, to endure anxiety, and to suffer disappointment, is no more than the common lot of all men in this present life, and is a part of that spiritual discipline whereby the children of God are trained for their heavenly inheritance in the life to come. In comparison with those of many of my brethren, both here and elsewhere, my trials of faith and patience have been few and small, "That I was, in the providence of God, permitted, with the assistance of some of yourselves and others, to originate what you justly call our present admirable system of representative government' for the church in this land, has always been to me an occasion of special thankfulness. By means of this system both the parochial clergy and the laity have acquired their rightful share in the management of ecclesiastical affairs and our church has become a well ordered common- wealth, in which all its members occupy their proper position, and co-operate with one another for the due increase and well-being of the whole body. To the benefits which have resulted from the constitution of our assembly I can bear a joyful testimony. Many and great as I expected them to be, they have more than confirmed my expectations. "You have referred to the establishment of a second bishopric in Victoria. Such an increase in the episcopate is indeed urgently needed, not so much for the sake of the bishop as of the church. In consequence of the number of towns and villages which have sprung up throughout the country, and the rapid settlement of the people on the land, it has become impossible for a single bishop to visit all the parishes and parochial districts so frequently as is desirable. Neither can he I speak for myself even with the valuable aid of the several archdeacons, call forth into operation all the various agencies which are required for procuring and maintaining an adequate staff of clergy. Moreover, the absence of the bishop from Melbourne during the large portion of the year spent in visitation journeys is attended with much inconvenience Matters which ought to receive immediate attention have often to be long postponed, and opportunities of usefulness, not being at once seized, are sometimes lost for ever. The expression of your feeling on the subject will, I doubt not, greatly strengthen the hands of those who are now endeavouring to raise a fund sufficient for the endowment of a new see, and promote the speedy success of their undertaking, "The proposal to commemorate this day by founding a scholarship at Trinity College, and calling it by my name, is peculiarly gratifying to me and I cannot but regard it as an instance of God's providential goodness that E portion of a collegiate building, which I have so greatly desired to see erected, but which has been so long delayed, should have been just now completed, and thus the thought of: a scholarship in connexion with it suggested to your minds. "You have asked me to convey to Mrs Perry the expression of your high respect and regard and I beg to thank you on her be half and on my own for the compliment which you have thus paid her. She would tell you that she has done no more than he duty, and that in traversing, as she has done this country almost throughout its whole length and breadth she has invariably received the greatest hospitality and courtesy; from all classes of its people, In referring however, to this part of your address, I should not do justice to my own feelings if I did no add that, besides her other special avocations she has, by her constant presence and ever ready help, both relieved my long journeys of their weariness and made my most toilsome labours light It gives me, therefore, much pleasure that you have thus expressed you appreciation of her character and conduct a your bishop's wife. " It remains for me to thank you, in Mr Perry'smame and my own, for, the assurance of your good wishes and prayers on our behalf. To know that we are continually remembered by you before God will great! encourage UB in both doing and suffering whatever He shall appoint for us and earnestly beseech you to continue to ask c I Him that He will enable us to glorify Hit during our life on earth, and will keep us be His Almighty power through faith unto sal vi tion. I would express also my prayer for you my beloved brethren, that all of you may i your respective stations show forth the praise of your Heavenly Father by your godliness and righteousness of life, your faithful use e all the talents which you have received from him in his service, your active interest the prosperity and extension of the Church your love for your ministers, and your mutual goodwill one towards another. So shall ye enjoy the assurance of the Divine present and blessing, and an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." Sir W. F. STAWELL mentioned that the; was also an address from the ladies expressing their hearty concurrence with the address he had read. The, BISHOP asked Sir W. F. Stawell i kindly, convey his verbal acknowledgement to the ladies, and said he hoped they would consider that what he had said in his reply the laity, applied to them as well as to the to whom it had been addressed, The Rev. Dr. CAIRNS, on behalf of a deep tation from the various Evangelical Churches among whom appeared the Rev. Dr. Cameron: the Rev. A M. Henderson, the Rev. W. ] Fletcher, the Rev. I. Hetherington, and other said he had never been called upon to per form a more agreeable duty than that what was now entrusted to him. During a long period of 25 years the bishop be seen much and had done much, and he so acted in- public and in private - ยก to gain not only the good-will, b also the esteem, brotherly affection, and residence of the ministers and members of the various churches. The result was that in only a good understanding had been secure but real friendship, so that now friendly co- cert and co-operation were possible between the Church of England and the various branches of the Evangelical. Church. I then read the address from the Evangelic churches, which was signed by 800 person in Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Castlemaine: and Sandhurst (The address has previous been published. The BISHOP replied My dear friends and brethren in Christ-I very highly s preciate and heartily thank you for ye kind expression of respect and confidence toward me on this the twenty-fifth a anniversary of my consecration. While I do not claim to have exhibited the virtues what you have ascribed to me, I am sure that you have not consciously used ' flattering word but have, as you say, spoken in 'simpler and godly sincerity. I therefore desire receive your commendation as a token of t undeserved goodness of my Divine Master te he has given me his encouragement that I may endeavour hereafter, as I trust I have (notwithstanding' manifold infirmities) endeavoured hitherto, by His grace, to walk uprightly before ' all men. It affords me special gratification that you, my brethren of other churches, have so cordially united with the clergy and members of my own church, in this declaration of your kindly feelings. For not only is it my earnest desire that the differences existing among us in matters of belief and ecclesiastical discipline should not prevent us from maintaining the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace; but further, it is my opinion, an opinion which I have never hesitated to avow, and which has been strengthened with my advancing years, that these differences do not justify our separation from one another ; but that, as we are all (if we be true believers in Christ) now united in His one holy Catholic Church, SO ought we to be united in one outward communion. This outward union, I confidently trust, will, according to our Lord's Prayer, be in God's own time accomplished and in the meanwhile I regard it as both a duty and a privilege to assist to the utmost of my power "In binding together in love and prayer and effort all who, by whatever name they may be called, are one in Christ Jesus." The Very Rev. the Dean of MELBOURNE presented the subjoined address, signed by 120 of the clergy of the Church of England : "To the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Melbourne, from the Priests and Deacons of his Diocese. Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, our Saviour. " We rejoice that we have met together on this anniversary of your lordship's consecra- tion, some of us in person, others in spirit, in the house of prayer, and especially at the table of our blessed Lord, to cement in that act of holy communion our fellowship with you and with each other in Christ our Head, and to give thanks to God, as well for all other His mercies towards this church, as also for His great goodness in sparing you for a quarter of a century to be our chief pastor. "In looking back upon the history of the church during the past 25 years we cannot but be conscious that the peculiar difficulties and responsibilities of the episcopal office in these trying times, and in a new country, where the conditions of church life are so different from those of our fatherland, were rendered especially difficult by the wonderful development of wealth and increase of population which Victoria has experienced during your tenure of the sec. Among a people singularly independent in thought, restless in action, and impatient of restraint, who had broken away from home ties and home associations, it was your work to stand upon the old paths, in the new world to rear up the fabric of the ancient, time-honoured church of the ยก old country, to gather together the smouldering embers of affectionate remembrance of the church of our fathers, to fan them into a flame of steady and earnest devo- tion, that the clear light of the ordinances of Christ, as they had been handed down to us, might illuminate the institutions of our adopted country.' In a new part of God's hus- bandry, with but little state help, with no other advantages than are of herownspiritual right, her liturgy, articles, and sacraments, it was your part so to labour that the Church of England might take root downward in the affections of the people, and bear fruit upward in their godly, righteous, and sober lives, and be in all essentials of doctrine, ritual,- and practice a true scion of the good old stock. "That such a branch of our church has been planted that it is able in any degree to meet the spiritual wants of this rapidly increasing people that it has powers of self government and of self-development, and of adaptation to new circumstances that there is so much of union and concord among our clergy, that the rights of the laity have been fully recognised, and their loyalty to the faith of their fathers cherished and quickened that we are agreed that schools for all classes should be seminaries, not only of sound learning, but also of religious education that we have, in the establishment of a college, been enabled to apply this principle to our University; that our duty to the sparsely-populated districts has been recognised that missionary efforts have not been wanting on behalf of the heathen of this southern hemisphere that these things have been effected is, under the good and gracious Providence of our God, working in and watching over your efforts, mainly because towards these ends your Lordship has devoted with singleness of mind and earnest ness of purpose, sanctified by diligent prayer, those powers of mind and gifts of ruling wherewith God has eminently endowed you and because you have not spared your strength in making yourself acquainted with the wants of all parts of your large diocese and in no small degree also because you have been willing to trust the constitutional exercise of their powers by the clergy and people in those matters wherein you had readily surrendered to them what had been reckoned among the prerogatives of the episcopal office. At the same time we gladly bear our testimony that your personal kindness to us, your disinterestedness and self-sacrifice, your love of justice, the knowledge of your unwearied and conscientious diligence, have stimulated our zeal, rebuked our weariness, strengthened our patience, and helped us to labour in our measure, according to our power and our conscientious convictions, for the perfecting, in our sphere, of the same work in which we have you for our example. "For these things we give thanks to God, who hath graciously heard the prayers that were offered on your behalf as on this day in Westminster Abbey, and hath endowed you with the ' spirit, not of fear, but of love, and of power, and of a sound mind.' " And we earnestly desire that your lord- ship may live to see an extension of the episcopate in the colony, feeling, as we do, that our organisation will be incomplete until the see of Melbourne occupies a metropolitan position in a sub-divided province. "Finally, in the language of the collect of this day's festival, we pray that Almighty God will continue to help your lordship, and us under you, diligently to preach His holy Word, and the people obediently to follow the same, that we all may obtain the crown of everlasting glory, for the only merits sake of our Saviour Jesus Christ. "We beg to subscribe ourselves, in all dutiful affection, your lordship's faithful servants. Melbourne, St. Peter's Day, 1872. The BISHOP replied : "Beloved Brethren in the Ministry of the Gospel. "Before replying to the affectionate address; which you have just presented to me, I would join with you in the expression of thankful ness and joy, that on this the 25th anniversary of my consecration, we have been permitted, by partaking together of the holy sacrament of the Lord's Supper to seal our union with Christ I as our Divine Head, and our con action with one another as fellow members of his spiritual body ; and I would and my earnest prayer that this our fellowship in His may be increasingly manifested by our mutual sympathy and brotherly love, so that whether one member suffer all the members may suffer with it, or one member be honoured all the members may rejoice with it. "For- the high commendation which you have bestowed upon me since I do not doubt that it conveys the sincere expression of you: feelings-I very heartily thank you ; but the listening to it, by the recollection which I brings to my mind of manifold errors and defects, tends to humble rather than eat me. "As the first Bishop of Melbourne, my office, under the peculiar circumstances of the country during the last 20 years, boa certainly been, as you intimate, one of grave responsibilities and great difficulties; but while ] would I not pretend to say that I have not at times felt severely the burden' of them, the Lord's providential goodness, shown in many ways, and especially in the raising up of faithful friends and valuable fellow labourers, both of the clergy and laity, has constantly supported me under them ; yea, and given me cause to thank Him for them. "With reference to the planting of our church in this land, the- provision (still Bade] inadequate) made by it for the spiritual want of our people, the adaptation of it by means: of our present ecclesiastical constitution to its new position, and the several other matters of translation which you enumerate, and of which it would be both untruthful and am thankful in me to profess an unconsciousness or insensibility, I would observe that the human agency which God has employed for accomplishing them all has not been the ability, piety, and diligence of myself, or any other single individual, but the combined zeal and wisdom and self-denying exertions in their several positions of all his faithful servants. However earnestly I might have laboured to fulfil my duties, I could have effected nothing without the continue counsel and cooperation of those brethren whom the Lord has from time to time associated with me in my work. " Your personal testimony to the upright- ness of my. conduct toward yourselves is especially gratifying to me for the relation in which a, bishop stands to the clergy of his diocese, as it affords him constant opportunities of exerting on them a beneficial influence, so also imposes upon him the obligation of using those opportunities to the best advan-' tage and herein lies one of his chief "diffical 'ties.' ' if I at all know' myself, I do possess that love of justice ' which you ascribe to me, and I can honestly affirm that I have not consciously, done injustice to any clerical brother ; but I cannot speak with the same confidence of having always shown towards you that sympathy in your trials and that consideration and tenderness under your difficulties which you were entitled to expect from me. If, therefore, I have at any time gained any of you by impatience or apparent unkindness, I would now beg your' forgiveness and I would ask you to pray for me that I may henceforth never fail to exhibit the gentleness and patience which become a minister of Jesus Christ. " I heartily join with you in the desire that I may live to see an extension of the epis- compete in the colony. It is my earnest wish that I may see founded, not only a bishopric of Ballarat, but one of Sandhurst also, and both held by men of God, full of the Holy Ghost and of power. If this were granted to me, and I were permitted further to see Trinity College completed and filled with students, then I should be able to say with him of old, ' Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace.' "The collect for this day's festival to which you refer is peculiarly suitable for our continual use, and I would fervently unite with you in the prayer that both you and I, and those who shall succeed us in the sacred office of the ministry, may diligently preach God's holy word, and that the people may obediently follow the same, to that we all may receive the crown of everlasting glory which the Lord shall give to them that love his appearing, Grace, mercy, and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. THANKSGIVING SERVICES. Services of special thanksgiving in commemoration of the foundation of the diocese of Melbourne and of the 25th anniversary of the consecration of Bishop Perry, the first bishop of Melbourne, were held on Saturday morning, in St. James's Cathedral. The congregation was a considerable one. The incumbent of the church, the Rev. M. H. Becher, conducted the service, assisted by Archdeacon Crawford. Several clergymen, including the bishop, the dean, and the Rev. J. E. Bromby, Chase, Handfield, Vance, and Dickinson, also took part. The lessons and psalms for the day-St. Peter's Day-were read, and two special prayers were used; one of thanksgiving for, the formation, of the deceased and the other of thanksgiving for the Bishop of Melbourne. The hymns chosen had also particular reference to the occasion, one of them "Father of mercies," bow thine ear having been sung at the installation of the bishop in St James's Church on the 28th January, 1848. The sermon was preached by Archdeacon Stretch, who chose for his text the sixth verse of the first chapter of the Epistle to the Philippians "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ He pointed out that when the bishop landed on these shores, nearly 25 years ago, the work of the church was all before him. Although he found Christian material prepared to his hand to work upon, yet the loose morality and unsettled condition of the people were great obstacles in his path. There was then no link between the few and scattered congregations. But the bishop had lived to see a flourishing church established, with Melbourne as the centre, and with branches spreading forth to all corners of the land-branches that still retained their communication with the parent stem. The representative system, under which every parish sent a delegate to the church assembly, was one which, while it had modified, had also greatly strengthened the episcopal functions. He dwelt upon the importance to the church of the office of a bishop, and replied to the objection sometimes made of what use was a bishop, by pointing to the history of the church in this colony. He believed that had not a bishop been appointed 25 years ago, the church, if it had not ceased to exist altogether, would at any rate have reached the very lowest ebb. If over there were a united church of Australia, which should bring together all the existing denominations, he believed it would be the Episcopal church, modified as it had been in this colony. He then referred to the necessity of founding a new diocese. The present one had become too large for any one man to administer, and if the organisation of the church was to be kept in an efficient state a second bishop must be appointed. If an energetic effort were made, the fund for endowment might be easily raised before the next meeting of the church assembly in September, and that body might then be asked to make the necessary arrangements for the appointment of a new bishop. If he and others who like himself had worked for 20 years in the diocese could see this accom. ' plishment of their desire they would be ready to sing their Nunc dimittis. A collection was made the close of the service. In the evening a choral service was held in St. Peter's Church. The Revs. H. H. P. Handfield and C. Bromby officiated. A collection was made on behalf of the new bishopric fund. 