PERCY ANECDOTES. VENTRiLoauiAL Gallantry. — Bordeau, a Iearaei critic of the sixteenth century, gives a curious account of the enterprising schemes practised by a ventriloquist who was valet de chamber to Francis I. The fellow, whose - name was Louis Brabant, had fallen in love with a young, handsome, and rich heiress ; but was rejected by £the parents as an unsuitable match for their daughter, on account of the lowness of his circumstances. The young lady's father dying, he paid a visit to the widow, who was totally ignorant ot nis singular talent. suddenly, on his first appearance, in open day, in her own house, and in the presence of several persons who were with her, she heard herself accosted in a voice resembling that of her dead husbend, and which seemed to proceed from above, exclaim ing, ' Give my daughter in marriage to Louis Brabant ; he is a man of great fortune, and of an excellent character. I now endure the inexpressible torments of purgatory, for having refused her to him. If you obey this admonition, I shall soon be delivered from this place of torment. You will at the same time provide a worthy husband for your daughter, and procure everlasting repose to the soul of your poor husband.' The widow could not for a moment resist this dread Bummons, which had not the most distant appear ance of proceeding from Louis Brabant, whose countenance exhibited no visible change, and whose lips were close and motionless during the delivery of it. Accordingly, she con sented immediately to receive him for her son-in-law. Louis's finances, however, were in a very low situation, and ' the formalities attending the marriage oontract rendered, neceasary for him to exhibit some show of riches, and not to give the ghost the lie direct. He accordingly went to work upon a freeh subject, one Cornu, an old and rich banker at Lyons, who had accumulated immense wealth by usury and extortion, and was known to be haunted by remorse of conscience on account of the manner in whictt he had acquired it. Having contracted an intimate acquaint ance with this man, he one day, while they were sitting together in the usurer's little back parlour, artfully turned the conversation on religious subjects, on demons and spectres, . the pains of purgatory, and the torments of hell. Daring an interval of silence between them, a voice was heard, which to the astonished banker seemed to be that of a deceased father, complaining as in the former case, of his dreadful situation in purgatory, and calling upon him to deliver him. instantly thence, by putting into the hands of Louis Brabant,, then with him, a large sum for the redemption of Chris tians then in slavery with the Turks ; threatened him at the same time with eternal punishment if he did not take this method to expiate likewise his own sins. Louis Brabant effected a due degree of astonishment on the occa sion ; and further promoted the deception by acknowledg ing his having devoted himself to the prosecution of the charitable design imputed to him by the ghost. An old usurer is naturally suspicious. Accordingly the wary banker made a second appointment with the ghosf s dele gate for the next day ; and to render any design upon him utterly abortive, took him into the open fields, where not a house or a tree, or even a bosh, or a pit, was. in sight, capable of screening any supposed confederate. This extraordinary caution excited the ventriloquist to exert all the powers of his art. Wherever the banker conducted him, at every step his ears were saluted on all sides with the complaints and groans, not only of his father, but of his deceased relations, imploring him in the name of every ' saint in the calendar to have mercy on his own soul and theirs, by effectually seconding with Mb purse the inten tions of his worthy companion. Cornu could no longer resist what he conceived to be the voice from heaven, and accordingly carried his guest home with him, and paid him down ten thousand crowns, with which the honest ventrilo quist returned to Paris and married his mistress. Generous Intrepidity.— In August, 1777, a vessel from Bochelle, laden with salt, and manned by eight hands, . and two passengers on board, was discovered making for the pier of Dieppe. The wind at the time was so high, and the sea so much agitated, that a coasting pilot made four fruitless attempts to get out, and conduct the vessel safe into port. Boussard, a bold and intrepid pilot, perceiving that the helmsman was ignorant of latent danger, en deavoured to direct him by a speaking trumpet and signals ; but the captain could neither see nor hear, on account of the darkness of the night, the roaring of the winds, and the extraordinary swell of the sea. The vessel in the mean time grounded on a flinty bottom, at the distance of thirty toises from the advance mole. Boussard, touched with the cries of the unfortunate crew, resolved to spring to their assistance, in spite of every remonstrance, the entreaties of his wife and children, and the apparent impossibility of success. Having tied one end of a rcpe round his waist, and fastened the other to the mole, he plunged headlong into the boisterous deep. When he had got very near the chip, a wave carried him off, and dashed him on shore. Twenty times successively was he thus repulsed, rolled upon flinty stones, and covered with the wreck of the' trcQool TcVnVti ffcn fnrv nf fhn irnvAR tore ranidlv to DJeCBHo - He did not, however, abate his ardour. A single wave dragged him under the ship— he was given up for loBt, but he quickly emerged, holding in his arms a sailor who had .. been washed overboard. He brottght him on shore motion less and juBt expiring. In short, after an infinity of efforts and struggles, he reached the wreck, and threw hie rope on board. Ali who had strength enough to avail themselves o£ ? this assistance, tied it about them, and were successfully dragged to land. Botussard, who imagined he had now saved all the crew, worn down by fatigue, and smart ing with bis wounds and bruises, walked with* ereat difficulty to the lighthouse, where he fainted throughi - * ? exhaustion. Assistance being procured, he began to recover. On hearing that groans still issued from the; wreck he onoe more collected the little strength that was left him, rushed from the arms of those who succoured; him plunged again into the sea, and had the good fortune; to save the life of one of the passengers, who was lashed to the wreck, and who, in his languid state, had been unable- - to profit by the assistance administered to his companions. Mon». de Crosne, the Intendant of Rouen, having Btatedi these circumstances to M. Neckar, then Director-General of the Finances, he immediately addressed the following; letter to Boussard, in his own handwriting :— ' Brave Man, . —I was not apprised by the Intendant till the day before yesterday, of the gallant deed you achieved an 'the 31st of August. Yesterday I reported it to his Majesty, wh» was ? pleased to enjoin me to communicate to you his eatiBxabtioii, and to acquaint you, that he presents you with tae^Hura- v sand livres, by way of gratification and an annual ptaufion.'. . of 30Q livres. Continue to succour others when yottv have it in your power ; and pray for your good king, who ? loves and recompenses the brave. . 