STOW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH SCHOOLROOMS. Thefoundation-stoneotthenewschoolbuDcKngs in connection with Stow Congregational Church was laid by the newly-arrived pastor, the Bey. Cohner B. Symes, on Tuesday afternoon, March 26\. There was a very good attendance to witness the ceremony. Among those present were the Bevs. 11. H. Hodge, H. 'Cheetham, J. Jefferis, LL.B., W. Nicholls, C. Manthorpe, J. B. Ferguson, C. Hall, and J. Howie (Congre gationalists), S. Mead, M.A., LL.B. (Baptist), J. Lyall and J. Henderson (Presbyterian), Mr. G. -Prince, Mr. W. Harcus, and Messrs. D. Adamson, H. Dean, C. Wylde (Deacons of the Church), and others, most of the above named being on a platform erected above the ■ stone. The following description of the building, which was commenced several weeks ago, has been kindly handed to us by the architect, Mr. James Gumming:— "The building is of Gothic design. The in terior takes the form of a church, having a nave and side aisles. The central portion is a lecture hall, 69 feet long, by 36 feet wide and 28 feet high, seated for upwards of 400 persons, and furnished with a platform and cases for the school library. It will be lighted by 16 clerestory windows, which can also be opened to assist the ventilation. A series of doors on each side of the hall open into the various class rooms, committee-room, waiting-room, kitchen, &c.;, which wQl be fitted complete under the same contract. The exterior is of Glen-Osmond stone, with dressings of freestone and white and coloured bricks. ' The whole work, including an extension of the shed accommodation for vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &c.;, is contracted by Messrs. Brown & Thompson at £1,889." After a hymn had been sung Mr. C. Wylde read the document, which, with coins of the realm and Adelaide newspapers, was put in a bottle and inserted beneath the stone. The i following is a copy:— "This document is placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for a school | room in connection with the Stow Congre gational Church. The stone is laid by the Bev. C. B. Symes, B.A., on the 26th day of March, I 1872, in the 35th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Bight Hon. Sir James Feigusson, Baronet, being Governor of the Province; the Bevs. H. Cheetham, M. H. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe taking part in the ceremony. The erection of the edifice is undertaken by the Church and congregation now assembling in the Stow Con gregational Church, the Bev. C. B. Symes, B.A., being Pastor; Henry Giles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dean, D. Adamson, L. Grayson, M. Goode being Deacons. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' The Committee under whose supervision the building is erected consists of Bev. C. B. Symes, B.A., Adam Adamson, David Adamson, Joseph Barlow, Talbot Baines Bruce, B. N. Conigrave, Samuel Davenport, Horace Dean, George P. Doolette, W. T. Flint, Henry Giles, Lawrence Grayson, Matthew Goode, Alexander Hay, James HQ1, William Johnston, W. Newbouid, William Palmer, T. S. Heed, Robert Stuekey, George White, Charles Wylde; architect, James Cumming; builders, Brown and Thompson." The Bev. C. B. Symes having, with the assistance of the architect and builder, adjusted the stone, declared it to be " well and truly laid." He then ascended the platform, and remarked that he supposed they all felt that there was just a touch of unreality in the cere mony of that day. They felt that while he was laying the memorial-stone the work, even to adjusting it to the finest balance, had really been done by others, so that he could not claim credit for the correct and due laying. But he hoped there would be no unreality in the struc ture, and the work to be done in it when it was completed. He trusted there would be reality in the work of the builder, and he ventured to hope that they would accomplish it with more fullness and reality than he had his; that they might have the satisfaction of having a building to stand the test of years and the storms of many seasons. But more than that, they thought of the spiritual work to be accom plished. They felt that there was no unreality in that, and they had come with no hazy or undefined views of what they intended to accomplish. They saw that with clear gaze, and there was a body of earnest people who intended to carry on the work with all their hearts and souls. The material work they regarded only as the scaffolding to enable them to erect the spiritual building. This was like the quarry from which the stones of the Temple were obtained, and here they hoped that living stones would be trained by Divine grace, and renewed by the Holy Ghost, so as to take their places in that spiritual assembly which Christ was building. It did not become him now to speak at length about the views of his denomination, as that would be more befitting the occasion were they laying the stone of a church; but as the principles they taught must have power over youth, he thought it was right to say a little about the views they wished to instil into the minds of the young. They met in connection with an Independent or Con gregational Church holding to the evangelical truths of the Gospel, and tlieir intention was that the children lor whom the building was to be raised should have some doctrinal truths brought before them at the earliest age—they would instil them line upon line and precept upon precept. They believed in actual ruin brought by the Fall and the helplessness of any to save themselves till Christ's grace should reach them, and they intended that to be taught decisively. They all believed in the atoning blood of Christ for renewal and the Holy Ghost to instil a new life, and these more cardinal truths would be brought under the attention of the children. As regarded dis tinctive Church principles, the age of those they taught almost precluded them from anything like earnest and effectual teaching. They were Independents, and believed in the independency of every private Christian, and his responsibility to God alone for the opinions he. held. They believed further in the independency of every collection of believers associated together; that they had a right to arrange their own worship, choose their officers, and conduct their own affairs; that it was generally expedient to use these rights, and they contended against any authority being held over them by the civil power. These were the principles they held, and as the children grew old enough to appreciate them they were anxious for them to hold these views, hut most of all that they should become followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. Their work then was a very distinct one—to make the minds of the children familiar with Divine truth—to inspire them with a love for Bible truth, and having so done they hoped to be able to instruct them in the things of God, so that the truths might be engrafted upon their hearts, and bear fruit in their life. They also hoped for the personal influence of Christian people at a time when the mind and character were susceptible of almost any impression. He believed in the power of personal religious in fluence, and he trusted that the teachers who would be connected with the school might have power to gain personal influence over the hearts and consciences of the children—influences which they might use for their spiritual well being. These were simply the purposes of their hearts, and upon these grounds he asked their sympathy—the sympathy of the congrega tion and all connected with it—that they might take an earnest and prayerful interest in the Sabbath - school. It was too late in the day to attempt vindication or adulation of tiie work of Sunday - school teaching. It had vindicated itself, and God had poured high honour upon it. Now they had only to recognise it as one of the great powers of the Christian Church, and hope that God might give a great blessing. If the work were simply con fined to the people worshipping in the adjoining sanctuary they would not venture to ask the sympathy of others there that day, but they ' were only taking a part of the work to be accom plished in this city. There were 200 children in attendance at the school, besides 100 at a branch school intended expressly to meet the wants _ of those they found it difficult to bring into other associations, and the work therefore claimed the sympathy of those outside their denomination. They asked their help as fellow-townsmen, and more than all as fellow- Christians. While they thus looked to one another for help and sympathy, to God they must look for the blessing. They expected it, and they expected to train within those walls those who would take a prominent part in Christian work—to see young minds dedicating their lives to Christ. Nothing less than that would satisfy those working there. They earnestly prayed that the blessing of the Holy Ghost might descend upon them, and that they might hare cause to rejoice in the success of the work for years to come. The Bev. C. Manthorpe said he had been asked to say a few words expressive of the sym pathy of sister Churches with the movement in which the brethren of that Church were en gaged. He was sure that the presence of members of their own Churches in various parts of the colony and of members of Churches of other denominations was an indication that this sympathy which was sought was given. They all felt that this was a good and a right work. No Church would he perfect without an efficient Sunday- school, and in order to the efficient working of it it was necessary that there should be suitable accommodation. And those who had been accustomed to worship in that church had felt how much adequate and suitable accommodation wasneeded, He thought that their friends in the room they were building would be able to solve one of the great problems of religious work, which was to secure and retain their elder scholars. He was glad there would be separate classrooms, and he hoped there would be earnest men and women who would be led to gather round them young men and maidens who were in danger of being led away if there were not suitable places in which to ment. Sympathy, however, should be practical, and he was sure they would have sympathy in a practical way. There were few of their Churches but were indebted to the Stow and Freeman-street Church for practical sympathy, and he thought it would be grateful and becoming if they returned some of the help, and showed that they really sympathized with the good work which had been undertaken. After prayer had been offered by the Rev. M. H. Hodge, the doxology was sung, and the proceedings closed with the benediction pro nounced by the Rev. Mr. Symes. 