LOCAL NEWS. THE TELEGRAPH TO EURPOE. — Referring to the suspension of our telegraphic communication with Europe, the Adelaide Observer of the 3rd says :— With regard to the Java and Port Darwin cable, we may remind our readers that the British Australian Telegraph Company keeps the repairing steamship Investgator always in readiness at Batavia or Singa- pore, having on board a staff of electricians, engi- neers, and workmen with every necessary appli- ance for the repair of damaged submarine lines. The Telegraph Office at Banjoewangi is in constant com- munication with Batavia and Singapore, and the In- vestigator would no doubt start for the scene of ac- tion as soon as possible after receiving information that the cable was out of order. The electricians would probably test the cable at Banjoewangi, and if requisite, at Port Darwin, so as to ascertain the exact position of the fault, which the superior method now adopted enables them to do to the fraction of a mile. They would then proceed to the neighbourhood of the dam- aged part, and dredge for the cable in the shal- lowest water they could conveniently find though the machinery at their command and the strength of the cable would admit of their raising it if necessary from any depth not exceeding 2,000 fathoms. This will not be on operation of any diffi- culty, and will involve very little delay. The cable will then be cut and spliced, for which a few hours will suffice. We may mention that Captain Tid- marsh, of the Investigator, has had some experience in such matters, having been one of the officers of the Great Eastern when the broken English and American cable was finished up from the bottom of the Atlantic. The splicing is a common operation enough, and was twice performed on this very cable as it was being laid between Banjoewangi and Port Darwin. No difficulty will arise from the want of material, as there are 100 tons of spare cable stored by the Company at Singapore. The only delay that could happen in repairing the damage would arise from the Investigator being otherwise employed when receiving the news, but the chances are that a month from that time would be sufficient for the completion of the work. ST ANDREW'S CHURCH, GOULBURN. — The Rev. James B. Laughton, of Parramatta, in compliance with a request of the presbytery of Goulburn, preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath last. The rev. gentleman took for his text in the morning 1 Peter v. 7 — "Casting all your care upon God, for He careth for you." After the sermon Mr. Laughton intimated to the congregation the deliverance of the presbytery with reference to the painful circum- stances mentioned in our report of the presbytery meeting in our issue of Saturday last. Mr. Laugh- ton spoke in the following terms :— Before bring- ing the service to a conclusion this morning, my brethren I have by request of the presbytery of Goulburn, a painful but very necessary duty to per- form. I believe it is not unknown to any of you that a very grievous calamity has befallen my dear friend and brother — your highly esteemed pastor. The circumstances are such that they cannot be publicly detailed. It will be sufficient to say that the Rev. Adam Thomson and myself prepared a written statement of the circumstances founded upon our own personal observations and inquiries ; and that we submitted that statement with documents corroborating it, to the presbytery of Goulburn on Wednesday last, accompanied by such verbal expla- nations as we thought necessary. Mr. Mackenzie himself also made a brief statement, and requested the presbytery, if satisfied of his innocence, to give such a deliverance as might enable him to resume his ministerial duties without hindrance. Mr Mackenzie, awing witbdra vu tho prtsbjtery aitc de* I beration imaalmoueij resolved to record their entire latisfao tioawlth Mr Mackenzie* conduct in the very difficult and paiaful circumstances ia which he had been r laced The presbytery consldir that ti e statement euboilitcti by Me*srs. fboinMn and ¿Laughton, with the corrobórame documents lo i eluded therein placea the whole case in men a lijjit that they can hare no hesitation ia expresslog their conviction that Mr Mackenzie s character fs free from any charge or suspicion The presbytery believe that notlunp that has occurred ought Injuriously to affect Mr Mackenzie s position and ministerial tiselutac» and they tru t that he may be long spued to labour lahls present sphere with increasing acceptance and succès». The presbytery resolve to record their deep sympathy with Mr Mackenzie in the severe trial with which he has bees Tisited and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation praying that all his altliction may be sanctified to hia growth ID grace and to the strengthening of his hands Ia I the work ot the Lord I Such is the deliverance of the presbvterj, which, in obedience to their request, I have now read to j ou As one of Mr .Mackenzies oldest and most intimate fnends I may be permitted to add an expression of my own satisfaction that the prebbyteiy has felt itself at liberty to give a deliverance which cannot fad to satiafj -j ou, as his congregation and the pub- lic generally, that Mr Maclenzied chiracteris free from the slightest shadow of suspicion I need not say how deeplj his brethren in the ministry have sympathised with lum, and that our confidence m him has been strengtnened by the Christian, manlj courage which prompted him at onct to tako coun sel with us and to afford every facilitj for full ¿in vestigation I trust he may be sjared for many years to labour amongst you and that he may find in the increased attachment of his Hock, and in the tokens of success vouchsafed him by the Great Head of the church, a cordial for his sorely wounded spink Hay the God of hope fill both y ou and him with all joy and peace m believing that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost ' " The serviee was closed with praise, priyer, and benediction m the usual form,-Goulburn Herald, Aug 14 DKFDS O* GR \VT -4 supplement to the Gazette, published on the 14th contains a list of persons m whose favour deeds of grant under the Red Pro perty Act are now ready for dehverj DFATHS THROUGH INTOXICATION —This week it is our painful duty to record two more deaths caused by drink The first is a shepherd named Smith, who was in the employ of Mr W M Rothery of Cliefden It appears that deceased had received his cheque for £20 1s 6d three weeks ago, he went to Egans public house on the Canowindra road and with the exception of £5, said to have been paid for clothes in fourteen days knocked down" his cheque. It was proved in evidence that Smith wis drunk all the time —The second was a miner named Michael Ryan of Lumpy Swamp On Monday last deceased and his party brought in some gold from their claim on Lumpy to the Carcoar Bank, and left town about 4 o'clock the same evening in company with Mr. Gor- man and his mates, under the influence of drink Between Carcoar and the place where the unfortu- nate accident happened, deceased fell twice from his horse When about a mile from home the horse de- ceased was riding slipped, and threw him against a tree, his head striking it sideways, which caused in- stantaneous death At the time the accident hap- pened Mr Gorman was the only person in deceased's company-his mates having gone on He was also thrown from his horse at the same time and lay in- sensible for about half an hour -Carcot Chronicle, Aug 10 ACCIDENT TO THE Rrr C WvLstr -\n accident occurred m tli3 forenoon of Thur da% to tho B \ CIrrles Walsh, of whi"k the follón mg particulars have been ascertained Mr V, aWh was ndin? up High-street to ¿-U nd a funeral, and opposite Mr Walter Taylors stables ho posted Mr R Cracknell drrwag with Mr* Cracknell,in abuggv He tim*» 1 to greet them and at Iii" moment bia nor-c shied at one of the gratings ¡n the gutter parti illy unseal the riler Air Mahh in trying to r g-m his balance, fe'l off on his back Hu <= emed VLIV much linken ¿vnd complained of pam vlien \ içk^d up, Mr Cracknell drove lum to St Man ?i ar onage and wo understand Le was unable to atten 1 the funeral Mr Walsh returned to Ï ochinvar on Thurs lay even ing M o heard that he was likely ti suffer some time from the effects of the occident the spine being affected WI-ST MAITLAND Corar notT-Wo are m formed by the Alayor (ft II Mullan Eq) that the petition in fovor if a new Cou t lIou=o Cor West Maitland is now being engros. ed and will be taken round for signature in the course of a day or two THI DFMAND ton IRON -A Californian journal sajs '-The "iron famine now prevailing m the worid especially in our country IHP brongî t out the fact that to keep our railroai tracks m repair and iron for new roads requires fully one-half of all the iron production The United States has now OJ 000 miles of completed railroads DISEASES IN SHEFP ACT -Walter Cozens, Esq, of Urawilky has been appointed a sheep director for the district of Pi li iga, in the room of Mortimer .New Esq, who has left the thstnet.- GuMte Auamt 13 NEW POST OFFICE - \ post-office was established on the 1st instant, at "H lllow Tree between Murru- rundi and Wallabadah -^Gazette, August 13 PRB-EMPTTV F LIUASE*4.-A list of claims for pre- emptive leases that have been approved by the Go- vernment appears in the Gazette of the 13th instant POST-OFFICE MONEY ORDERS -On and after the 15th instant, the postoffice money order sjstem will be extended to Solferino -Gazette August 13 WEST MAH^LAND BOROUGH COUNCIL - \t a meeting of this Council, held last night a report of the Floodgate Committee, recommending that ten ders be called for the removal of the dtbru of the old floodgates and for the erection of floodgates accord mg to the plans and specifications nrepared by Messrs Darley and Bewick, was adopted -It was understood that Messrs Darlej and Bewick had signified their willingness to assist the Council m drawing up the necessary advertisements, and it was understood that a c»nference with thoae öentlemen should take place as soon as possible TESTING Trv ORE.-Mr John TrewTen wiites to fhe Jiathurst 1res Press as follows -Every perron prospecting for tin should be provided with a fan dish, a sharp- pointed or long handled shovel a polled pick and a magnet, 4fter washing the sand or debris from an j ravine or cresk, if any black sand is left in the bottom of the dish it shomd be tested with the magnet, if a small portion only of the sand is taken up by the magnet that is a proof that the black sand is not iron, or what is generally known as emery The black sand remaining in the dish after the test should be placed on the shovel and with the poll of the pick bruised to a very fine powder, tbrs powder must be mixed with a little clean water and well shaken, then tanned or gently washed clean If properly vanned, the tin if any, being very heavy, will be seen lying on the front of the suovel, generally of a fight grey color, and a person can hardly be mistaken in pronouncing it to be tin WEST 3ÍAITLAND PnospFCTr*.a COMPATÎT (LUHTKD) -On Wednesday evening a meeting of this company was held at the old Commercial Hotel, West Maitland, when the second call was poid, and three men were engaged as prospectors on terms al- ready decided upon,whoarefirdtto direct their steps towards Inverell, where they will pro peet for tin country WEST M UXLAM> \ OIAJ VTFER RiFLts -The month'y Commanding Officer's parade of this com- pany was bald on Thursday evening The muster roll showed a total attendance of 102 men including 3 officers, 1 assistant-urgeon, and G sergeants The company having mai ched to Christians Hot were there exercised in battalion and company movements by th6 officers and in light infantry evolutions by the dnl -instructor sergeant major Jamieson At the conclusion of the parade Captain Wilkinson coin pUmented the men on the manner in which the move- ments had been executed, and impressed on them the nacessitv of keepingthem^elveein practice m view of the half yearly inspection by Colonel Rieh irdson, which is expected to take place in a few weeks time LONDON \NI> >EW SOITH WALES PVFKH FIBRE A>.D PAPER Co-dpvsr-This null, which wa» tem poranlj stopped at the beginning of the week has again been «et to work, and the Company is now making a larger sue of paper than formerh RECEIPT OP GOLD IN SmN*ET-The & "M, Herald of Wednesday says that on the previous day 589G oz of gold were received m Sydney from Bris- bane, per Lord Ashley (sA and 560Á) oz, from Auck- land, per Wonga, Wonga (s.), 4 TFV MH-TING AT HINTON -On Thursday evening a tea meeting took place at the Presbyterian Church, Hinton in aid of the fund for iep urs to tho building which has falkr verj much out of condition There was a moderately numerous assemblage, chiefly of residents of tim township mid mort, immediate neighbourhood and the tobies were «tia ed bj 1 idles of the congreg ttiun nssi Ud by others After tea a public meeting was held presided over by the Rev Dr Bo ig pastor of the ehureh Sev end nddrtsses were delivered, rmd the meeting broke up at an early hour, after having passed a verj pleasant soeial ev ming PANOR \^t v OF THF Vn \NCO-Pnt SSIAN WAR -Our readers will observe, by the advertisement in our front poge, that a panorama of the late great conflict between Gerin mj and France, painted bj a German artist, and illustrated by mechanical effect'' is to bo on view at the hall ot the behool of Arte, "ft est Mutland this evening uni till further notice The lecturer is Mr Silvenub Ryan There is to bo an afternoon exhibition at two this daj ORGAN RI-CITAL-By advertisement elsewhere, it will be s*H.n, that an organ reeilal will be given at St, Paul's church, Maitland, on Monday evening next Ihe programme selected is indeed a good one, and from the well-known ability of Miss Thackeray added to the fact that a talented Sydney organist will also take part, a rich musical treat may be an- ticipated. A LOCAL POTTERV - We have very much pleasure in directing attention to another addition to the list of local industries, in the shape of a pottery, which has been established in East Maitland by Mr Anthony Hillcoo. The site of ths new enterprise is below Mr Anckett's brick-yards at the side of the railway line, and in the immediate neighbourhood of an almost exhaustless supply of yellow clay and pipeclay of the best quality. Mr Hillcoat has been about four months stationed m East Maitland, but having had to do all the work of building by bim- self, his progress has necessarily been slow, and he has not been turning out goods for more than about half the time, or eight weeks. He makes a variety of the goods which are familiar to the public as the productions of the like establishments, such as drain pipes, bread pans, jam jars, ginger beer bottles, flower pots, chim- ney pots, pipes for agricultural purposes, ornamental garden ?, and the samples we saw yesterday seemed to us to be quite equal in quality to the best we have seen exhibited. Indeed, there is every reason why the goods made by Mr Hillcoat should, be of excellent quality, for he tells us that he has had a hand m the starting of all the potteries now in pro- gress in the colony, and has nevertheless delayed, with all his experience, till now, the endeavour to establish himself. The process of manufacturing pottery is comparatively simple, but nevertheless re- quires a great deal of that skill and aptitude which long practice alone can supply, and it was clear to us, as we watched Mr Hillcoat cleverly manipulating an unformed and shapeless mass of clay, tliat he possesses the skill to its fullest extent. The clay is first thoroughly mixed and kneaded in a species of mill, which is operated by horse-power, and then, after some further hand- kneading iu the case of material designed for bottles or pans or the finer work, is either pressed into moulds, or moulded by the hand of the workman upon a horizontal wheel, the deft hand shaping the crude mass dexterously into the desired form as it revolves slowly or rapidly before him. Much pre- cision of touch must be required for this operation, which is a very interesting one, under it yesterday we saw successively produced a jam jar, a ginger beer bottle, and a flower pot. Coarser clay is used for the drain pipes and the garden pipes, and these are moulded in a machine Containing a series of ad justable tubes varying according to the size required. All pottery, when shaped, is allowed to stand till it is thoroughly set, and then each article is carefully placed in the kiln or furnace, and exposed to intense heat, which wood and coal combine to produce, and thoroughly hardened. The glaze on the surface of pottery is produced by casting salt into the furnace at the time that a certain degree of heat has been attained. The establishment of Mr Hillcoat is of a very unpretending character, and consists of the large drying and manufacturing shed, and the kiln, with the mill and other machinery outside, but nevertheless, he has all the appliances at hand for turning out his work well, and being situated con- veniently as regards his supply of wood, and having an unlimited supply of raw material, we have no doubt he expresses the fact when he says that he can sell his articles somewhat cheaper than other manufacturers who are located at a greater distance from Maitland. As the founder of a new local industry, he deserves patronage and support, and we trust he will receive encouragement on that ground at least, and so induce other speculative persons m other branches of manufacture to settle amongst us TILF SrsGLi-TON SHOW -With reference to tho annual Exhibition of the ¿>.orthern Agncultural As- sociation, which takes pi ice at Singleton on Wed- nesday next (August 21 ), it will be noticed that the judges of wine are requested to assemble at the Royal Hotel, Singleton, at half past ten o clock on Tuesday next, then and there to commence the arduous duties entrusted to them-duties that will be more than usually onerous from the fact that the exhibits sent m exceed in number those submitted on any former occasion The judges of horses cattle, sheep, and pigs are to assemble at the secre- tory a office, on the ¡show Ground, on Tuesday, at twelve o'clock (noon), but the judges m all the other clas&es; will not be required to ittend until the morning of the show day (Wednesday), when the secretory will be at his booth at nine o'clock to give them tho requisite instructions so that they can commence work at once, in order to allow ot ihe admission of the public at ten o'clock The chargo for admission to tho ground on M ednes day will tie (for non menbers)one shilling, children, half price a similar charge will be made on the following doy (Thursday) when public soles of stock and other exhibits will be held.-A. public luncheon will toko place m the Show Pavilion, on Thursday, at one o clock, in hcu of the annual dinner hitherto held -Our readers will doubtless notice by advertise- ment ehewhere that thens will be abundant means of tran it p^vid^d for thom on the show day (Wed nesdav ) In addition to. tho ordinary trains there will be t*vo "p°cnl trains from Newcastle to Single- ton, and ono sn«>cial train from .Murrurundi to Singleton. The first speem1 train from new- castle loovs that place a 0 o clock in the mornmg, Morpeth at twenty minutes to 7, Last Maitland at five minutes te 7, We»t Muthnd at a quarter post 7, Lochinvar at twenty-eight minutes to 8, Branxton a* ter minutes post 8, and nrnves at Singleton at a qua. er past 0 Perish- able exhibits may be forvardut by this train The *^cond special, or c' cap excursion tram leaves "New- castle a*" halt-past 8 Mori ete. at a quarter to 10, Last Maitland at 10, Met Mai+land at twenty minutes pa^t 10, Lochinvar pt cwenty mmu*°s *o li, Branxton at ten minutes past 11, and arrives at Singleton at ten minutes to li The special train from Murrurundi leaves there at 8 o'clock m the morning, Scone pt 9, and Muaflebrool a* twenty five minutes to 10 Th<* rctt_.u sp c ii tram for Murrurundi teaves Singleton at (> o clock m the evening, nd that for ¿Newcastte taknsita dopant uro at half past h Tho fare by tho speonl tram from West Maitland to Singleton oni back is only three shilling" SOLDAT COORANBONG -M- W T Mitchell, of Weat Maitland, 1 as kindlv allowed us to publish the following letter received by him yc«terdav -Cooran- bong, aetgu 112 1872 -Dear S J-,-1 writ** tliLsefew lines to inform y ou that I and a party we-e out last Saturday prospecting and we got a small sample oí gold three mtles from mj place There aro a great many gone out to-dav to give it a trial We aie m hopes it will turn out very favorable-it would do great good to our distnet, I hope to be ablo to send j ou bettei accounts next mail-"i ours Ac, JVULS OAEILI.-Mr W T Mitchell POLICE BUSINESS. — On Thursday, at the tempo- rary court-house, West Maitland, Mr. James Smith (Police Magistrate) and Mr. W. T. Mitchell were the sitting magistrates, and dealt with two cases. — Mr. James Smith, police magistrate, was the sitting magistrate at the East Maitland police court yester- day, and dealt with one case. CHARGE OF PERJURY. — The charge of perjury in an affidavit, preferred against Edward Nowlan, of Penshurst, Gresford, was again investigated at the East Maitland police court, yesterday. Mr. R .W. Thompson appeared for the prosecution and Mr. W. Briggs for the defence. The first witness called was Walter W. Capper, a solicitor now practicing in New- castle, who remembered, while he was articled clerk in the office of Messrs. Mullen and Colquhoun, that he had had business transactions with the defen- dant. He prepared the affidavit of defendant show- ing the cause of his insolvency, and also the schedule of insolvency. Most of the writing on these docu- ments was the handwriting of witness. Wîtness could not remember whether he took defendant to have him sworn to the affidavit; he had no doubt that defendant was the Edward Nowlan for whom he did this business. Witness had the draft affi- davit as to the cause of insolvency now in his pos- session: it was in his own handwriting; he pre- pared the affidavit from instructions given to him by defendant personally. Cross examined: He had not the slightest doubt that the defendant is the Edward Nowlan who gave him instructions. He re- membered generally what took place at the time without reference to the papers produced. Witness could not remember whether defendant said any- thing about money which Dr. Park claimed from him, but he must have done so, because an allusion was made to such money in the afiidavit. Neither could witness remember whether defendant had re- ferred to payments made by him to Dr. Park. He would not have been able to recollect details if he had not seen the papers. He had, without reference to the instructions, remembered in part what took place, and he had also remembered the man and par- tially described him without seeing him. — Robert Pigou, a solicitor, practising in West Maitland, recol- lected being present and examining the insolvent Edward Nowlan at a meeting in 1867 before Mr. E. D. Day. Witness could not remember the particu- lars of the examination, but it was some- thing about tobacco. Cross-examined: Witness was instructed, he thought, by Mr. Corner, of the Paterson. He thought Mr. Day read over the evi- dence taken, to defendant, but he would not be sure. — Robert Park, re-sworn, said that he recognized among the insolvency papers, a lease signed by him, and purporting to be signed by the defendant, which let the land described in the deeds produced to Edward Nowlan and James Cunningham. The lease partly described the land: it said "part of the Pens- hurst Estate, known as Nowlan's farm;" defendant paid some rent under the lease. Cross-examined: Defendant paid one year and a half or two years' rent. Witness did not give him any receipts for this money as for interest; it is not possible that he could have given receipts as for interest after the date of the lease, and if defendant had any such receipts, they must have been written in mistake. Witness knew that defendant was in difficulties at the beginning of 1867, for he wanted witness to take the farm in liquidation of the debt he owed to witness; witness did not know of defendant's intention to sequestrate. Of the £200 due by defendant, witness could not remember exactly what amount in cash was paid actually into defendant's hands. Witness had never charged Nowlan £50 or anything like it for medical attend- ance or medicine; the bill might have been £10 or a little over. — The evidence was then read over to de- fendant, and the usual caution given. He said he was not guilty, and that he had no witnesses to call. He was committed for trial at the Circuit Court to commence at East Maitland on the 24th October, bail allowed, himself in £80, and a sufficient surety in a like amount. INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS ACT. — At the West Mait- land temporary court-house, on Thursday, Elizabeth Eddington, a girl under sixteen years of age, and having no visible lawful means of support, was brought up before the bench, and sent to the Biloela Reformatory School. VAGRANCY. — James Nolan was brought up at the West Maitland temporary court, on Thursday, by Constable Scully, who had apprehended him at Branxton, on Wednesday. He was charged with vagrancy, and, being convicted, was sent to gaol for three months. APPRETICE ABSENTING HERSELF. — At the tem- porary court house, West Maitland, on Thursday, Elizabeth Eddington was charged by Daniel Charles Carter with having absented herself from his ser- vice in which she was an indentured apprentice. Mr. Carter stated that he had no desire to press any charge against the defendant, but merely wished the indentures to be cancelled. She had been ap- prenticed to him from the Randwick Asylum; she would not remain with him, but had deserted seve- ral times and when he sent her back to Sydney the authorities at the Randwick Asylum would not take her. — The defendant said she was willing that her indentures should be cancelled. — Mr. Carter told the bench that the girl would not stay in any service; she had been in ten or twelve places since she left him, and had left them all after the first day or two. — Senior-sergeant Keerigan said a Mrs. Macdonald had been keeping the girl for the last few days at the request of the police, till this case could be de- cided. — Mr. Carter said the girl wanted to get back to Sydney to her sister. — Defendant, when asked by the bench, stated her age as fifteen. — The Police Magistrate said that if he found that defendant had no home, and no means of getting employment, he would not turn her out upon the world, but would send her to Biloela; she would get to Sydney in that way, and be kept till she was eighteen years of age. The indentures were now cancelled. — The defendant then left the court. 