"THE LIFE OF CHARLES DICKENS." mo Diograpny has ever taken its readers se much by surprise as Mr. Foster's life of Diekens. . That early observation must have sup plied Dickens with a great part of his wonderful knowledge of that struggling poverty which, as Mr. Forster truly says, " is nowhere more vividly shown than in the commoner etreeta nf fUo ordinary London suburb," was plain. That he had introduced more recollections of his own life intov « David Copperfield » than inS an£ of his books was plain also. But the most careful and sympathising reader of this novel could not have guessed that the two most striking chapters in it were a mere extract from an unfinished auto biography written long before the fancy of "David Copperfield" had even "begun- to take shape in his mind." Considered in connection with the first and second chapters of Mr. Forster s life, ( these two chapters stand alone in literature. They are remarkable for the restrained passion which runs through them j for the won derful keenness of insight which originally stored up the materials; for the retentiveness which could recall every memorandum made on the mind of a child of ten ; for the passionate self- commiseration which underlies even the most humorous passages. They supply the foundation of parts of almost every book he has written. They serve to explain the limits by whicb his genius was marked off on all sides. They show that Dickens was never at his best except when describing scenes and characters which he haci seen in his earliest childhood, or on which his childish fancy had been exercised. The same experience could not have had the same results if it had come any earlier or any later in his life. If his father had been in the Marshalsea at the time of his son's birth, Dickens would not have had the same sense of having fallen from some- thing better ; and in losing this he would have lost that insight into the poverty he describes, which, while it requires absolute acquaintance with the thing described, requires also an external stand-point from which to survey it. To men born in rags as to men born in purple their surroundings come too naturally to make much impression on them. If his father had kept out of the Marshalsea two or three years longer, Dickens would never have had the same hopelessness of conviction that he was never to rise from the degradation he so loathed and resented, and so would have been less open to the impression it made on him. The iron that stamped his memory with every par ticular, of the old house at Hunger ford stairs was, and needed to be, an iron that had first entered into his soul. It is a noticeable feature in this frag ment of autobiography that wherever it differs from the version of it published in " David Cop perfield" it differs from it by being more wrought up. Most men having thus to deal with a chapter from their own life would have found it necessary to dress it in more vivid colours, to make the feeling more intense, to strive to excite in the reader's mind a stronger sympathy for the hero of the novel than could be created by unvarnished facts. Dickens felt no such need. Wherever the autobiography and the novel part company it is by reason of omissions or softenings down in the novel. It is worth while to compare a few passages. This is David Copperfield speaking ; — - "It is a matter of some surprise to me even now that I can have been so easily thrown away at such an age. A ohild of excellent abilities, and with strong powers of observation, quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt bodily or mentally, it seemB wonderful to me that no one should hnva made any sign in my behalf." This is the autobiography : — " It is wonderful to me how I could have been i so easily cast away at such an age. Iti? wonderful to me that even after my descent into the poor little drudge I had been since we came to London, no one had compassion enough on me — -a child of singular abilities, quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt, bodily or mentally — to suggest that some thing might have been spared, as certainly it might have been, to place me at any common school. My father and mother were quite satisfied. They could hardly have been more so if I had been twenty years of age, dis tinguished at a grammar school and going to Cambridge." Or take the sentence in , which David Copper- field describes his loneliness. " From Monday morning to Saturday night I had no advice, no counsel no encouragement, no consolation, no assistance, no support of any kind, frome anyone tbat I can call to mind, as I hope to go to heaven." And compare with it the parallel sentences in the autobiography. " I suppose my lodging was paid for by my father. I certainly did not pay it myself; and I certainly had no other assistance whatever (the making of my clothes I. think, excepted), from Monday morn- ing until Saturday night. JNo advice, no counsel, no enoouragement, no consolation, no support, from anyone that I can call to mind, so help me God." Again, in "David Copperfield," the chapters which deal with his life at Murdstone and Grimby's are thus introduced: — "I now approach a period of my life which I can never loBe the remembrance of while I re member anything ; and the recollection of which has often, without my invocation, come before me like a ghost and haunted happier times." This retains the purport of the corre sponding paragraphs in the autobiography, but the details given in the latter convey a far stronger impression of the extremity of horror which the recollection always awakened in him : — " Until old Hungerford Market was pulled down, until old Hungerford stairs were destroyed, and the very nature of the ground changed, I never had the courage to go back to the place where my servitude began. I never saw it. I could not endure to eo near it. For manv rears when I came to Robert Warren's in the Strand Ybe rival blacking warehouse I crossed over to the opposite side of the way to avoid a certain smell of the cement they put upon the blacking corks, which reminded me of what I was once. It was a very long time before I liked to go up Ohandos street. My old way home by the Borough made me cry after my eldest ohild could speak." There is something vindictive about his com passion for his childish self, something of that overmastering sense of injustice which many men feel when they see present wrong done to others and have no power to help them, but which few retain in regard to wrong done to themselves of which no trace has remained by them. One instance of this is his reference to his mother's wish that he should go back to the blacking- warehouse after his father had quarrelled with the proprietor. "My another set herself to accommo date the quarrel, and did so the next day. " . . £y father said I should go back no more, and should go to school. I do not write resentfully or angrily, for $ know how all these tiainge have fcetyed to mik jm whatlaun but T 1 1 "T I never can forget, that my mother was warm for mv beintr TofcWwho look back at the part played by Sirs. Dickens, it seems not unnatural thata woman accustomed to difficulties of all kinds, having but juBt seen her husband set free from a debtor s prison, and probably thinking it quite u 1!? - he migbfc soon return thither, should think it unwise to take a boy of twelve from an employment where he was at least earning- ? doubt if she had known the value of .the child she was dealing with she would have judged differently; but prophets of twelve are even leBS honoured in their fathers' house than prophete of riper growth, and some allowance might lairly have been made for her blindness. lcfeens, 88 We have seen, can make none. His relations to his father are another illustration of the B&me; thing. That the elder Dickens was m any sense of the word a good father \- be,lieve- son probably pre, the be8fc P8Bible when he said to Mr. Forster, "Everything that I can re- £?jW pfbiB conduct to his wife, or children, or b.T'S.6" or B®?tiDn' «u Pi / , F .ke which was present when Were eiok O' lorry was wanting when they were well. His tlescwiption of his eons edacatum-.. Why, indeed, sir" ha! ha!- he may be sari to hare edncated himself"— was Sab. ri. i, S thi» " hardly enough to ex- gam the use his son made of him in fiction. Mr. Micawher is not an unamiable person, indeed the reader contracts by degrees a considerable affec- TC.er.fcain Hnd- But, according wnSu iB1? Bcarcely the portrait a son would like to hand down as a life study of a Smif1". ? ! If 18 whafc Dickens has done. The interval between the sponging-house and the prison, says Mr. Forster, " was passed by the sorrowful lad m running errands and carrying messages for the prisoner, delivered with swollen eyes and through shining tears ; and the last words said to him by his father before he was fiKdljr canned to the Marshalsea were to the effect that the sun had set upon him for ever. «I really believed at the time,' said Dickens to me, that they had broken my heart,' He took afterwards ample revenge fo» this false alarm by making all the world laugh at them in ' David Copperfield.'" Cer- W,?! avenge was ample ; but the « sorrow ful lad delivering his messages « with sorrowful eyes and through shining tears," is a more en gaging picture than the same lad sitting down in his famous and successful manhood to move thousands of expectant readers to laughter by the narrative of his father's weaknesses. Mioawber's reception of David on his first visit to the prison gives one a different impression when we read it m the autobiography thus « My father was waiting for me in the lodge, and we went up to his room (on the top story but one) and cried very much. And he told me, I remember, to talm warning by the Marshalsea, and to observe that if a man had £20 a year, and spent £19 19s. fid., he would be happy, but that a shilling spent the other way would make him wretched." If his father had no hand in sending him to the blacking warehouse, it may be questioned whether Micawt ber would ever have been created, except in a few fragmentary touches distributed oyer various characters. It may seem ungrateful thus to look so admirable a gift-horse in the mouth, but in estimating Dickens's charaoter this side of it can not be left out of sight. In a much way the reproduction of the Dora of his youth as the Flora of Little Dorrit" is another Aramnia «€ the same tendency .— PaH Mall Gazette. 