®t|p ^Mjwiiser " This li true liberty, wiieit freeliorn men, Having to advise the public, may speak free." ' MILTON. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 3. 1872. MR. HENRY PARKES redivivus, returning like the pewit, or his once celebrated " ghost," from the cold shades of King street to vex tha souls of his old col leagues in the Assembly, is a spectacle not to bo contemplated without emotion. It is as affecting in its way as the unexpected turning-up in the last act of a melodrama of the real hero of the piece, who, after escaping1 unheard-of dangers, arrives just in the nick of time to unmask exultant villainy, and bring; down the curtain on a charming tableau of the triumph of innocence and virtue. Or it may be likened to one of those famous historical episodes, where we are told how 60me great but ill- used man forgot his own wrongs In the national need, and took a noble revenge for the public ingratitude by saving his country. For of course it is to save the country that alone brings Mr. PARKES once more before the political footlights. No less a motive could have led that distinguished man to leave his lettered ease for the stormy sea of politics than a stern sense that upon his return for Mudgee depeuded the salvation of the country. " I love . my leisure and my books," says this too generous public benefactor, "and am therefore making some slight sacri fice in assuming the oares of public life." It is to be boped the public will be duly sensible of this self-denying regard for their interests ; but we are rather doubtful on this point. The "truth is, the sacrifice has been made so often, and always in so very much the same terms, that the public have probably got used to it, even if Mr. PARICES has not. Moreover, if the. sacrifice is great, so also is the occasion. It is- not every; public man whose fortune it is to be periodically called upon to save his country. A distinc tion of that kind may be well worth "sotile slight sacrifice," especially when accompanied, as in this case it is, with the possibility of more substantial con siderations and the privilege of pretty roundly abusing all one's friends. Mr. PARKES would no doubt repudiate any personal interest in this latest sacrifice of his, and we dare say with as much truth as is usual in such declarations ; but he c:»n hardly deny the keen pleasnro with which he walked into bia old colleagues. Of course it was necessary to do so, seeing that the solo object of Mr. PakkesS sacrifice being to save- the country, it was essential that there,should be somebody or some thing- to savttifc from. So the Ministry had to be tricked'out as the villains of I the play, and to do the artist justice, very [ pretty villains he'made of them. We [ shall not go through his long indict ment against the Government, includ ing', as it did, almost' everything they have done, since , their accession to office, besides a good deal which they have not done'. It was very bitter,, possibly very true, and at any rate admirably adapted to effect the end desired-a profound im pression of the'necessity of saving the country. That fact once'established, to such a logical mind as Mr. PARKGS hus the credit of possessing ail the rest may well have seemed: plain sailing. .Every man- to his vocation; and next to talking high-sounding, flatulent bunkum, is not "saving the country ", the vocation of Mr.. Parkes ?. Thr Border question seems bound to bring trouble to the Government. Com polled by public opiniou to eat their, big words and reopen negotiations with Victoria, they seem to have: "resolved that at all events they would not loso the opportunity of again making themselves ridiculous. Accord ingly, instead of a sensible, business-; like despatch, Mr. DUFFY is treated to a long, rigmarole epistle from the Under Secretary, Mr. HallORAN', of which tha Argus is good enough to say that " what with its tautology, and what with its obscurity, it would be exceed iig'y wel' adapted for study by young men about to undergo the Civil Service examination as a mode! of-what they ought to avoid." From a careful study of this document it is just possible to make out that the New South Wales Government invites the assent of Vic toria to certain resolutions for tbe extension of the treaty for another year, and the collection of statistics for the future adjustment of the duties. The Argus, rejoicing in a Colonial Secre tary who can write English, makes very merry with our uufortunate offi cial, who it fancies must be a " raw hand at official letter-writing.'' But the fact is, Mr. Halloiux is not a raw hand at all, but simply a poet in the wrong place, 'and it is scarcely his fault if his official letters are as cloudy and incomprehensible as his sonnets. Mr. DUFFY, after quietly snubbing Mr. ROBERTSON for want of manners in addressing him through a subordinate officer, takes exception to tbe words of tbe second i-esolution, which binds Victoria to pay £60,000 for the ensuing year and such further sum as may be found to be due. He objects very fairly that it is not certain that the £60,000 is not itself in excess of the sum really due, and that to assume that or any other amount as fche minimum payment is to beg the whole question and offer a one-sided arrangement which " need only be stated to be rejected." He is quite willing to pay whatever may be found to be due, whether tl^e same be more or less than the £60,000, but he will pay no more, and not that, until he-is certain that New South Wales is en titled to it. We understand that an arrangement is likely to be come to on this basis-tbe only equitable arrange ment as between the two parties, and one which it is annoying that our Government had not tbe good sense to adopt without waiting to have it thrust upon them. Throughout the whole affair they have displayed a miserable huckstering spirit anything but credit able to a Ministry who boast a knight for their leader aud a poet for their scribe. 