ANTIMONY ORE. THERE cannot bo a doubt, as we have fre quently observed, tliat our quartz reefs con tain many mineral substances of considerable value, which, in the all-absorbing search after gold, are often passed over without receiving the attention the}' may fairly claim. This indifference to, and disregard of, minor matters must surely be the cause hereafter of much vain regret; and it would bo well if, whero other metals and minerals than gold are met with in our mines which are not thought worth working, some record were made of the localities in which they have been found, and tho parts of the mines in which they have been struck and passed. We call attention to a paragraph in our issue of yesterday, intimating that antimony ore of good quality had been found in Specimen Gully, which runs into Spring Gully. It was met with at no great depth, at the back of an auriferous spur, and the antimony lode is at present G inches in thickness. Our principal antimony mines are those in the M'lvor district, but the ore has been mot with in payable quantities in various goldlields of the colony, and it appears to be so widely distributed, that it is no matter of surprise to find it in any locality. Although the largest quantities are produced by the Coster field Gold and Antimony Company, it is known to exist, as stated ill the catalogue of the International Exhibition, at Whroo, Maldon, Woods Point, Redcastlc, Ballarat, Daylosfoi'd, Maryborough, the UpperMurray, Blackwood, Anderson's Creek, and Templo stowe. The compiler of the cataloguo re ferred to says, " there is a growing demand for '??his mineral, which should be taken advan tage of by our mining community. Extensive smelting works have been erected 011 the Yarra bank, for reducing tin, antimony, and other ores." We have at present 110 means of judging how far the discovery made in Specimen Gully may be of importance, but it is certainly one which should receive at tention, as it may prove usoful to the dis trict. The specimen of ore in our possession appears to be, as described, of good quality. It is of a lead color, lustrous, of a plated or laminated texture, heavy, and cased with the oxido of the same mineral. Those inter ested in mining pursuits will, 110 doubt, give the matter due inquiry, and we command it to the attention of the committee of- the School of Mines, as one which should not pass without a full record in the institution under its management. BOXING DAY.-Sandhurst it may be said was out of town yesterday, and until even ing the streets bore a most cheerless and deserted appearance. Most of the places of business were closed in the city, but the town was alivo with people in their holiday dress from an early hour in the evoning until late at night. The 'busses and cabs dul a tremendous trade. There were very few drunken people to bo seen. Reports of the various sports and amusements which took place in the district and neighborhood will be found in another column. A STRANGE ESCAPE.-Yesterday a rather remarkable escape occurred at the sports. Just as the van conveying Hallas's Band to the Reserve got thoro, a man fell from it, and under the^'heel of tho vehicle, which passed over his throat. Everybody thought he was killed, but he got up immediately, and said he was all right. He was not even hurt. THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. The Intercolonial Cricket Match-Victoria against the Colonies-was commenced yester day on the M.C.C. ground. Victoria had the first innings and scored 13G. The com bined team then went in, and when the stumps were drawn, had scored 28 with one wicket down. It promises to be a very exciting and interesting match. Tan GRASSHOPPERS.-These pests have found their way into Sandhurst, and are to be seen in tho streets in numbers whenever tho weather is fine and warm. Outside tho city they are swarming in myriads, and about Marong and Strathfieldsayo it is 110 very pleasant matter to have to pass through the heavy flights of thom, with which] those localities are infested. THE FARMS AND GARDENS.-The crops in many parts are said to have suffered a good deal from tho lato unseasonable weather. A good deal of grain has been cut for hay, and in some places it is noticeable that it is of a dark color, caused by the continued wet. The grasshoppers are doing much mischief among all green things, and their ravages are plainly visible 011 most of the vegetables brought into market. Many of the vineyards in the district are said to be suffering from the attacks of the oidium. TIIE LOCK-UP.-Mr. E. Garsed attended at tho lock-up yostorday, and discharged two drunkards with a caution, while E. Goonan was remanded until Saturday 011 a chargo of insulting behavior, another of wilful damage to property, and a third of threatening and abusive languago. This cleared the sheet. BENDIO.O BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-The lion, treasurer (Mr. A. Williamson), with tli.inks, acknowledges receipt of L5 5s. from the Bank of Now South Wales, and L2 2s. from the Annabella Company, per Mr. S. G. Cole, in aid of the funds of the institute. PROMENADE CONCERT.-Hall,is' Band gave a promenade concert at tho Oddfellows' Hall last evening, which was so largely attended that the room was crowded to inconvenience, and dancing, under tho circumstances, was not quito so pleasant as desirable. How ever, 110 one complained, and everybody seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly, and danced to tho exhilarating music of Hallas' Band until a very lato hour. FUNERAL.-The funeral of Mr. James M'Phail's lato mother-in-law will take place in the White Hills Cemetery this afternoon. A notice appears in our advertising columns. MINIS'!; ACCIDENT.-Owing to a difficulty in getting the clutch of the hauling engine to work, the cage of the St. Mungo Tribute Company's shaft yesterday went up through the poppet heads, and did some damage, which caused the works to be stopped until repairs are effected. These, it is expected, will be made to-day, so that the dolay will not ;be great. MEETINGS THIS DAY.-Eureka Company, Lauriston, Wedgwood's Hotel. Kyneton, 3; Cosmopolitan and Summer Hill United Com pany, Froggatt's, 3.30; Eureka Consols, Gibbs, 5.30. TH£ Crrir MINSTRELS. -Tho City Minstrels gave another of their entertainments at the Town Hall last evoning, when the hall was completely filled. The minstrels were suc cessful iu amusing the audience for more than a couple of hours, to the top of their bent. Tho opening chorus, " The Tiger Crouches in the Wood," was a capital effort, and was warmly received. Mr. J. Lamble sang " Under the Snow," in his usual pains talcing and effective manner. " Who will care for Mother now !" " Picture on the Wall," and tho " Moonlit Sea," were all well rendered by Messrs. Marshall, Long, and Morouoy. Tho song and dance, " I don't know which to choose," provoked intense laughter, and 011 its conclusion Mr. Stephens was warmly applauded. i;Tho Ghost iu a Pawnship," proved an a raising "episode," and " the ghost," like many others, was nun est when wanted. " The Black Brigade " was irresistibly comic. Mr. Dunn danced a diamond shoe dance very cleverly, and the song and walk round called " Hallas' Origi nal Brass Band," set the audience in a roar, and wound up a very good amateur enter tainment. THE WEATHER yesterday was fino through out the whole day, but the snn at times shone with rather more fervor than was pleasant, and among the crowd in tho Camp, at the Caledonian Sports, a alight modifi cation of tho heat would havo been agree-r able, However, for this time of the year, no bettor weather could hi*vo hoen d^ived for holiday making 