ARRIVAL OF THE ENGLISH MAIL. . By the arrival of llip coach this morn ing .we havo /received our English', and Intercolonial papers from whioh we luku tlie following . Tlio Ticliborno olnimnnt has hold crowded moot- trigs at llriBlol and Southampton. Ho is still chaperoned liy " his great pnt'ruu aud showman, " Mr. Guihlford Ousloiv, M, I,, tlio objoet being to culioct funds for ids defence. It is rumoured that the. Chancellor of tlio Ex- chcqqer, Air. Lowe, objects to tlio ouormous ex pense that will bo incurred by the Crown in prosecuting tlio olnimnnt for perjury. ; Sir CiuirlesAVingliold, AI. A,, lins given notico nf bis intention' to call tlio attujition of tho Hnnso of Commons. to tho recent proceedings of II.1 AI. 8. lti sario iu tlio gouth Sons , Tire i'rincoss Alico, of ilessc-Darmstndt, second (laughter of Quceu Viutoria, lias given birth to another daughter. The i'rineo nnd Princess of Walos were vory .warmly.recoivedon their return from their tonrua tbu Uontinent. »«- sii/.tiwi witvu uuiiv e'uiiuiiig uu«tfiuu Ull! , hold waiting for tho Prlnco, and the curriagu was smashed. . Tho Duko of Edinburgh, who is on a visit to lloland; making a truly royal progress through tho island. ... ; Everywhere onthusiustic ioyal demonstrations are being held, Tho Duke of Edinburgh, oponcd tho Dublin Exhibition early In June, nnd por orwed tho cere mony of uo veiling Ihe stutuo erc&tcd; in motnoryof U.K.H. tho Priuuo Consort,., ; Derby Day was a brilliant affair, tho weather being fine, . . > » I ho. favourite for. tho Derby was nowhere, Tlio race wns won by Cromornein two minutes and three quarters. Tho London Piess oight-onrod raco was an in- torofiting event, , It was won by tho erow from tho oflico of tho Dally TalcyrapJ who beat tlio crows from Tho 'Tiuu'Xf tho Standard) and tho Daily JVfcWi,. . , Captan Nolan who was , returned M.P. for the county Galwny somo timo ago, and. whoso return was petitioned ngninst-by tho defeated candidate Captain French,, has been unsonted, ;Jlr. Justieo Keogh in. delivering his, judgment, dooiaring tho election vied, denounced tho priest- hood on acoount. of their having conspired to gether to secure Captain Nolan's rotum. and also on acojunt of Uie tyraiiuy practlsod by them for that purpose. Mr. Justice Koogh has, in consequence, boon burned iu eiligy throughout Ireland. The judgment givon by tho Juii oal Commitiio of the Privy Council iu the well- known HcnuuU cae, is fuvourabto to tlio practices and teachings of tho Romanising party in tho Church of Englaud. Consols 92£. Tlio arrivals of wool amnhnt to 8110.000 bnlfto The wool market is quiet, but a further declino is nnticipatod at the tortlieoraing Juno-July sales. As tlio stocks both at Homo and abroad are light, tho depredation iu price cannot go far. Later uccouuts states that tho' competition was vigorous at tho April- May sales, aud ifiat tho pricen improv.-d as the. sules. progressed. Tallow shows a decline 011 former rates. \ Sperm oil is quoted at £96 per tou. . Tho following vessels have arrived, tho ship Windward, from Hobart Town, and' tho barquos Araunaii, Grasmoro, and Fugitive, from Launccs- ton. ' 4 Tho ship Ethel, and tho barque Runny racdo, have both sailed for Hobart Town.. ; ' Thoip are tlirco vessels on tho berth' loading for Hoburl Town, and two for Launceston, ' Tosuiatiian six pnr eont debenturea avo quoted at £112 aud later at £110. . FRANCE,' Tho National Assembly of France has posied an Army bill, providing that there shall lie a standing army of 1,100,000, and establishing a regulation enforcing the compulsory - service of all'able- bodied men botweon the ages of twenty and forty yours, -such service to bo either In tho aotivo force, or tosorvo army. The budget of tho Financo Minister, Monsieur Goulard shows a deficiency o! 200,009,00'J francs. Tho Govcrumcnl proposes to tax raw materials, ami to resort to direct taxation at tho rato of 15 cuntiiues. ;V. GERMANYv;:',:; Tho Parliament after passing a bill expelling th Jesuits from tlio country has suspended its silting. Rishop Ernieland declines to obey the Pruivtsn Government, nnd stntcs thnt lie' cannot withdraw tho rentcnco of excommunication whioh holms pronounced in oonaequcnoo of the decision to expel the Jesuits. , : Tho strugglobotwcen Prince Bismarck and the Tope increases. . , ilie former basinlmntod that he will, not re I og'nifle aiiy-coolcsiustlcnl jurisdiction that Is anta gonistic to tho'oivil1 authority.' ' ' : 1 .1 INDIA- j Gai.lk, 6th July, 1872. ' Full dotnils havo boon received with regard lo Dr. Livingstone. M < Stanley, the corre«ponduiit of tho Nov York Heralt1% \\\ ho was sent to search for Dr. Living stone, siicnt four months in his company, and ob tained his Journals, which aro to ho published in IhvrJVbiu'York JfttraUiy- " Dr. -Livlng.dono intends remaining two years mure in tho interior lo timkn further explorations. Tho search oxpoditio'n has been broken up, nnd returned home. A piratical attack was mado in Iho Pcrslin Gulf on a Brilbdi India mail steamer, and £4,000 worth of treasures taken, fter. ono of iho firemen had been killed. Sovorul of tho crow were woundtd, . It is proposed to hold' a ! Groat Exhibition at Calcutta for jtlid East, hnd including Australia, if agreeablo tho Australian co'onics. ' 1 JAPAN. " Great reforms aro being mudo in Japan. Gas has booh laid down nt Yokohama. , AMERICA. At a convention of tho regular Republicans held at I'lulHUolphia, Presiuont Grant's rc-clcotion was unanimously recommended.' , Senator Wilson was rocoinin Mided for Vlcc-Presldont Tho Domoorntto Stnto Convention recommends he olection of Mr. Floruoo Urcoluy, editor of the iVoh i York Tribune. ; Tho F mo Trade Leagues hold great mcotinga in opposition to both candidates. Mr. Grboloy retires from tho editorship of tlie Iribu'to during tho contest LATE. TELEGRAMS. 1 Tim Engliah'.Govornmeut lias promised to insti tute a searching enquiry into the causo whioh led to tho failure of tho European and tho Albert In- siirntio Companies. Tho (look-out in tho London Building Trade, has thrown 1.3,000 men out of employment, somo accounts state that tho number raachos 2».000. Tho Itov. Norman McLcod, D. D., editor of flood Wotiis and Goncral Caroy nre dcad< Tho nature of tho injury to tho Java and Port Darwin cable is, unknown; j Tho necessary repairs «ro to bn tiiado at tho cx- ponso of tlio Tolograph Construction and Main tenance Company. INTERNATIONAL BOAT RACE. Tills long Inked for event enmn off on Juno 10th amidst un innnenso numbor of spectators. Tho intorost created, by iho contest haH scarcely been oxcoedod by the matches or tho University crmva, ns every availablo. spot on tho river whore a sight could ho obtained wns occupied from nu enriy hour that day. Tho Londoners get afioat in llicir Claspor nt ton minutes psst six,' the Alalniilas fol lowing suit somo ten or twolvo minutes inter, and both orowa paddled at onco down lo their stations, amid a burst of cheering from the steamboats nnd tlio hanks. Tho London men, having won tlio toss for choice of stations,, selected tho Middlesex berth, which under " ordinary circumstances is de cidedly tho moro favourable of tlie two, Iho insiilo bnnt having tlio bonofit of tlio bend all the way down to the railway bridge ; but on Monday this udvnntngo wns insnino degree coiintcrhalaiiced liy tlio wind, which blow pretty smartly from W.S.W. Tlio names nnd weights of tlio rival crews w.-ro published by lis a few days since. Tho betting nt tho start was nominally quoted at 8 to 1 on tlio Londoners, but tho supporters of tho Americans woro, ns a rule, chary of investing ovoii at this tempting figure ; indo-tl, in imvn dur ing the morning 4 to 1 was tlio current quotation, and just before leaving for Putney an offer of 5 to 1 fni|od to elicit a single response. In accordance with previous arrangement tlio crews were Btnrte 1 by report of pistol, instead of word of niniith, nnrl dirually the onm;ietitorrf had taken up Ihuirn 'luted positions, Mr. iesluy, tlio referee, having put the customary . previous question " wiflmiifc receiving any answer, giivo iho signal to go at twouty-oight iniuutos past six. Bo'.h crews oaught tho water at tho same moment, but at the second sireko the i uoiiuoners, atuiing down to the work with a i rapidity that scotnud literally to electrify the spec tators, shot at onco 'o tho fore, nnd cnming rigiiL away, n- though the o'liers were standing still, drew thomsolvcs clonr in less tha-i u dozen troko Just below (ho Ship iho loadors began to edgo out luto mid-strcani, and took their, opponents' water, both crows making a cmsldesablo detour in tho direction of (lie Surrey shore, but off tlm Brewery tho Londoners, whom wo timed ut thi point' to he rowing forty strokes a minute to their opponents f'T-y-four, i-tmigh toned their bo »t nnd rcturneil lo thoir proper courao with a lead ofa clear longlh. At Haniqs Railway bridge, which was reached in 8 inuiiites and 8 «bconds from;thotart, London hail increased their ad vantngo lo nearly thrco longtlis, and soltling down into a long steady dvng of bat ween thirty-six and thirty-sovon to tlio minute, continued to leave the Americans hnnd-ovcr-hana iu unmis- takoubie stylo. Off tho Bull's Head a bit of erra- tio stceriog on the pnrfc of tho leadors enabled the others to liold their own for the next hundred I'anla but nt the Creek tho London crow, notwithstanding the disparity of stroke,' wore again perceptibly drawing away, and oflTtho Bathingplaoo in thoDuko's Meadows load by at lunst half-a-dozen lengths. Here the sovcrity ef the pace began to toll tho inevil- a 11 "Pn i0 Atlanta crow, one or two of whom" at tbe early stage of the struggle — i( indeed, it de- servo the uame — began to eviRco unmiHlalccablQ symptoms of distress, and their rowing lost nil tunco of iho mnchiaolike precision and regularity which had characterised it during tho early pari, of tho raco ; in fnct, there is little doubt tlmt the moil were. completely taken aback and domornliFeil by tho astounding rapidity with which the Lon doners had loft thorn at tho start. They, never theless, struggled on in tho gnmcat poWblo man ner, and, though palpably .beaten nnd falling all to pieces every momont, maintained their furty to ...v uuiuiiciuug ueiernmmtlon ; nut it was a.l tn vain, as tho Londoners, who were uotv rowing costly within themselves, continued steadily to Improve tl;eir position ns they progressed, and at the upper end of fhiswlck Evot thuy were fully ten lengths to tho good. Rouutling the bend they continued to draw still furthor in front; Gulston taking them a capital course— indeed, thoy could not havo been better steered if thoy had carried -a coxswain Jn their stern sheets , nnd nt Hammer- sinith Bridge led, as nearly ns wo could judge, by a dozen longths, tho difleronco between the two heats as thoy shot tho centre spad being exactly 30 seconds, and tho time of tho leadors from the start 12 minutes 28 seconds. All now was clearly oyer, baraccident; but as bad luck; would hav6 it,- at tbis stngo of tho raco a mishap did actually occur, which of itself was buffiuicntly aggravating, though happily it did not i!\5,iy waS affoot tho Midway between the bridge and the eoapworks a heavy watorman's akiff, wiih a cargo of dufH-ra on bonrd, drove broadside on & ainsi t io bt o «rs of tho American boat, completely stopping them for a second or two, aud Ituing them at least a couple of length". It was a most provoking controtemnn. and had it ocenrred at an , onrlicr period of ; the race would have lieen excessively annoying; but;, as it hap- poncil, the Americans were at tho time stieh a hopeless -di«tauco .astern,, that the. most bigoted jmrtisau could not pwdbly regard the mishap as liavme interfered even in ihe remotc-t duertjc with their chance of, 'winning. ; On getting oleur thev went iu pursuit of the Londoners, but tlio latter were now somo fourteen or fifteen lengths in front, aud ultimately passed tho winning-post, which was situated midway botweon the steamboat pier ami the Aqueduct, so:no two hundred and fifty ex,lot,y forty-four seconds — in advancu of the AtlantasTthe timorrem stirtto finisli being 21.uunutos ,26 'seconds. ? The record of the r4co furnishes its own com mentary— >aud further remark's are needless. Tho Americans, wore palpably outclassed and outpaced, nnd from sUrt to fmi-li never stood tho ghost; ofa oliaiice, notwithstanding that tlicy rowSl a con- jSiderahly quicker stroke tlirougliout. In sucli \- company, hnwover, defeat eniiuls no di.igrnce, for it was their ill-luck to have to enooniil-r one of the best nnd fastest fours ever seen on tlm Thnmes, and ono which woihii-v will glvo a good account of tho smartest professional crew of modern times. 