OUR AMERICAN LETTERS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] I HAVE something to tell you of special interest to Australians. As you remember, the service of the Union Pacific Railroad last winter was something utterly intolerable. Trains were at times snowed up for weeks together, and the unfortunate passengers were starved with cold and hunger. The mails also were absurdly unreliable; letters have, on one or two occasions, taken seven weeks, instead of one, to cross the continent. But during the coming winter the company have promised that no such delays and an- noyances shall occur, and I for one, remembering that the men who govern its affairs are the same men who originally built the road at the rate of from two to ten miles a day, have no doubt that if they choose to do so, they can keep their word. It is, at any rate, cer- tain that enormous sums have been spent this summer in putting up embankments along the worst portions of the road as a protection against the snow. I would now [?not] , however, recommend anyone to personally come either to New York or Europe by this route, between November and March, for the discomforts of a mid- winter journey to a man accustomed to the mild Australian climate must be terrible, but I think tho road will be reasonably reliable for letters. What a lucky people you Australians are to have so comparatively harmless and easily-exterminable a race of aborigines ! Our aborigines, on the contrary, seem perfectly inexhaustible in numbers. Just now they are again giving us a great deal of trouble. Hitherto, two forms of policy have alternately been adopted by the American Government towards the "noble red man." The first is to starve him into war by sending him no supplies, either of food or blankets, and by general ill-treatment, and then to kill him off at a lively rate in a vigorous crusade of extermination. The second form amounts to the same thing in the end. It is to give him but little food or blankets, and plenty of arms and ammunition. Then, of course, the savage again declares war, and there is another crusade of extermination. But these forms of policy have not, of course, been deliberately resolved upon. The trouble is the difficulty of getting honest Go- vernment agents to distribute the supplies granted by Congress to the Indians. Every kind of man has been tried, and they have, with the rarest possible ex- ceptions, all proved wanting. There must be something in the air of the primeval wilderness very destructive to a man's moral principle, for the moment he gets out there he begins to steal everything within his reach. The agents, therefore, invariably thieve from the Indians — that is, they stint them of their stipulated relief under the articles of the treaty, and of course the Indians prefer to die in the heat of combat to perishing of the slow agonies of starvation. General Grant, who in his younger days served several years on the Plains, has, however, in loyal earnest endea- voured to wipe away this reproach to us as a people, and has exhausted every means to secure to the poor remnants of this noblest of savage races fair and just treatment. Just now there are no less than fifty chiefs in Washington who have been brought on to confer with the Great Father, and it is intended that this visit shall be an annual one, even in time of war, and that thus an opportunity may be given the Indian to personally plead his case and obtain redress of their grievances. And really the poor creatures seem substantially grateful for even this late measure of justice. It is true there is now a guerilla war on the plains, but it is chiefly with the out- lawed members of the various tribes, not with any one family of Indians, the Apaches and Comanches excepted. And lately, some even of the tribes regarded as irreclaimably savage and untamable have asked for a donation of farming implements and seeds, and seem to sincerely desire to till the soil and become civilised. OCTOBER 27. In literary circles, the most important recent event has been the coming of Mr. James Anthony Froude to lecture to us on Irish history. Our Celtic citizens make so much noise that Froude may well be pardoned for having at first doubted whether he would not be mobbed if he told what he believed to be the truth. But he was so strongly encouraged by prominent Americans to come that he at last took his risk of being rotten-egged, or perhaps murdered. He has now delivered his full course of five lectures, and there was not once the faintest approach to disturbance, although he gave the Catholic Church every now and then some pretty severe hits. In spite of high rates, too, the hall was full every night, and the five lectures realised no less than 8000 dollars, half of which, or £800, went to the historian. Really, I think that shows that we are not so utterly lost to the claims of the " higher literature" as we are sometimes accused of being. When did a course of lectures ever realise as much in England? Not even Pepper's ghost, I suspect, was half as profitable. But Froude deserves all the money and fame he will get. He has reminded thc American people of many wholesome historical truths — for instance, that it was the Protestant Irishmen of the North who sympathised with the cause of American independence and free government while the Catholics of the South and West were drawing up servile addresses of loyalty to King George III. Another point he insisted upon again and again was that the Irish landlords were respon- sible for Irish misery and suffering, and that it was a political misfortune that this same baleful influence of a landed aristocracy having until lately held the reins of power in England, it had been impossible for the Irish peasant to obtain redress in the national Parliament. But now, says Mr. Froude, a great and salutary change has been brought about. The Irish landlords have practically been suppressed by Mr. Gladstone's Land Act of three years ago, and in England the landed aristocracy are on a last trial. If they wish to survive as an institution, they must remember that a privileged class can exist only by exhibiting Spartan virtue. Its members must prefer noble and conscientious endeavour to the pleasures of self-indulgence. They must depend for their political supremacy, not upon their wealth, but upon their patriotism. To us, living in America, this seems strangely radical doctrine to come from a great Englishma; but, of course, it is an echo of the spirit of the American Constitution, and commen- surately pleasing to us. Three other English lecturers have also arrived among us — Professor Tyndall, Miss Emily Faithfull, and Edmund Yates. Mr. Yates has been a failure; he has a good delivery, but nothing to say that interests us — merely Jenkins's disclosures of the private life and habits of a half a dozen great authors, who have honoured him with their friendship. This does very well for the padding of magazines, but does not pay in the American Lyceum. Professer Tyndall has not yet lectured, but he will undoubtedly draw full houses. Miss Faithfull has appeared once, and we were all pleased with her. She intends to make quite a lengthy stay on this side of the Atlantic, and she cannot fail to be successful. And by the way, the women's rights folks have Just embarked in a newline of enterprise. You know, of course, that we have lady lawyers, doctors, clergy- women, and stockbrokers. We have now got a great lady merchant — Madame Desmorest, who edits the Woman's Journal. Some time ago she started the Woman's Tea Company for importing a pure article by exclusively feminine agency, and this proved so successful pecu- niarily that she has now ventured to send out a ship. of her own to China to bring back a cargo of congou and silks. Plucky, isn't it. No one can help wish- in her well. The immigration of distinguished Europeans this year threatens to be something wonderful. Besides those I have already referred to, Professor Pepper is going to bring his ghost; Dr. Ludwig Baschner, the apostle of German materialism, and the author of "Force and Matter," the most popular compendium of such doctrines, is already here; and Gerome, the great French painter, will arrive in a week or two. Already we begin to talk about rivalling London and Paris as a centre of art and letters, and as we grow rich there is a very marked improvement in the character of American society. Millionaires are now as plenty as blackberries, and it is no longer possible to gain notoriety by simple ostentation. The fashion- able thing to do now is to form a sort of literary and artistic court, and play the Maecenas. As an illustration of this ten- dency, I may mention that we have now no less than four literary and art clubs, all of which are very successful. The Century is the oldest, and its roll of membership is limited to three hundred, and there are generally a list of one or two hundred newly elected members waiting for somebody to kindly die and leave a vacancy. It is very rich also, and owns over 400,000 dollars worth of property. The other three clubs have sprung up within the last three years. The Palette is mainly composed of artists or art patrons, and has over six hundred members and a fine house in an out-of-the-way location. The Lotos has a large membership and is prosperous, but a little disreputable, as it has been captured by that class of small, literary men, who think dissipation to be a necessary companion of genius, and believe in sitting up all night to play poker and boston. The last, the Arcadian, is only five months old, but it has better quarters, and is better furnished than any of the others, except perhaps the Century. It already num- bers nearly three hundred members, and does not owe a cent. Perhaps such indications of American pro- gress may interest you, for they are developments which will certainly also break happily out in Syd- ney when you have got a little richer and more numerous. After a year's struggle in the Courts, the net of justice is closing more and more upon the thieves of the Tammany Ring. When they were first detected, most people thought they would escape with the mere disgrace of exposure. But it now looks more than probable that Tweed will go to the State prison, and Fields and Connolly have both run away, and forfeited the enormous bail under which they were at large. Mayor Hall's trial is now progressing, and as the indictment merely charges "criminal negligence," and as that is already clearly made out, it is thought more than likely that the culprit will to-morrow plead guilty, especially as there is no strong feeling against him, and the extreme penalty is only a year's imprison- ment, and a thousand dollar fine. No one believes now that Hall corruptly made money; he simply let other people deal without interruption. Meanwhile, corruption in other cities has been terribly punished. A Chicago alderman, convicted of taking a bribe, has got five years in the Illinois Peni- tentiary ; and a contractor in Jersey city has been sentenced to a year with hard labour. Public plunderers receive scant mercy from a jury, I can tell you; and it seems as though we were entering upon a reasonably pure political era. The English emigration to America is now as- suming tremendous proportions, and it looks as though we were about to see an influx of Englishmen to this country as great as the exodus of the Irish from 1840 to 1955, or of the Germans within the past ten years. During the last three months, 18,000 English emigrants have landed at Castle Garden, and only, 5000 Irish. The more that come, the more there will come, as every emigrant is merely a prospecting avant courier of a small army. And they will be singularly welcome. Americans are a little jealous of Irish supremacy, and though they respect the Germans very highly, they would, I think, at heart prefer their own original branch of the great Teutonic race. While, therefore, they regret that England is just now passing through a season of adversity, they will not be sorry if it results in a satisfactory flow of Englishmen to this century. We continue some interesting items of news by the California mail, prepared by correspondents:— For some weeks previous to the 6th November —the day appointed for the polling of votes in the Presidential elec- tion —the whole of the United States was in a condition of violent agitation. Political enthusiasm was so rampant that for the time being even the agreeable work of accumu- lating dollars became a business of minor importance, With a happy knack of getting up a tremendous excitement on the slightest provocation, and with a thorough convic- tion that this election afforded them a very strong, provoca- tion indeed, the Americans soon worked themselves up to a patriotic fever. Yet the contest was from the first avery "hollow affair." Nine people out of ten regarded the Baltimore nomination as a mere farce, in which Horace Greeley was cast for a part that he was by no means com- petent to undertake. And though, as a matter of course, the people were split into parties under the leadership of politicians who cursed all other politicians, their works, and their words with astonishing heat, there seemed to casual specators of the fight but small reason for the rancorous disputes of these enthusiasts. There was a strong family likeness between the Grant principles and the Greeley principles. A stranger coming suddenly upon the battle-ground with no foreknowledge of the con- testing parties, and judging only from the battle-cries of each, would have had some difficulty in distinguishing one from the other. 'Tis true that General Grant, the then President of the United States, was the chosen cham- pion of the Republicans; and that Mr. Horace Greeley, of the New York Tribune, fought at the head of the Liberal Democrats. But fierce as was the warfare between these parties, there was yet a pleasant unanimity of feeling on national questions. They were both intensely patriotic. Both hated unprincipled factions, misrule, and corruption; both believed the country to be in the throes of a crisis; its institutions in danger of demolition; its star-spangled banner about to be trailed through the mud. Both had a most encouraging confidence in the "right feeling of the cause" — a beautiful trustfulness in the righteousness of their "cause" — a never-falling certainty that the voice of the people always spoke the truth, and never erred — an heroic determination to save the nation or perish in the attempt — and a supreme contempt for each other. Their political principies properly so called — that is to say their general theories of Government — were identical. They were both ready at any moment to sacrifice their time, and health and money, and "hearts' blood" for the good of the country should the country require those articles for any purpose whatever. They were particularly free in offering their " heart's blood." Their manifestoes and speeches were so much alike that by a simple transposition of anathemas and eulogiums, a Republican oration might have done duty in a Liberal Democratic meeting. A Republican in fact was, to all intents and purposes, a Liberal Democrat in all his opinions —save only in his opinion of the Liberal Democrats. Not only was the strong resemblance between these parties puzzling to outriders, but even those persons who were within the ring, and fighting among the fiercest, could not explain the real basis of the quarrel. Question six Re- publicans as to the political beliefs wherein they differed from the Liberal Democracy, and you would get six different and contradictory answers. . Ask half-a-dozen Democrats why they fought so furiously against the re-election of General Grant, and you would hear as many reasons, and at once assure yourself that not one of them could be reconciled with any other. But after diligent enquiry and research —after a patient putting of this and that to- gether, and a close scrutiny of the sayings and doings of each party — I have hit upon the real point at issue between them. The Republicans insisted upon America being governed by true- born Americans, the Liberal Democrats desired that all foreigners living under the American flag should have a finger in the Administrative pie. Holding these views, the Republicans who have had the sway for some years denounced the Democrats as "traitors," while the Democrats, enraged at their rivals' long enjoyment of the sweets of office, stigmatised ithe Republicans as "robbers." Thus, when a Democrat addressed an assem- blage of his fellow citizens, he invariably charged General Grant with plundering the country, enriching his friends and supporters, and developing a wonderful aptitude for pilfering; and when a Republican strove to convince the people of the righteousness of his cause, he always called Greeley, a traitor who, not content with betraying his. friends, desired to denationalise the country, and deliver it into the hands of foreigners. There were enthusiasts who plunged into the fight under the conviction that it partook very much of the nature of the great struggle between North and South — who insisted that Greeley was on the side of the Southern party, who wished every State have an independent voice in the con- tribution of extenditure; and that Grant was a thorough Republican, upholding the Union, and calling all attempts on the part of individual States to stick up for their rights — rebellion. These people believed that a Democratic triumph would be followed by the assassination of Greeley, and another civil war. But I couldn't believe anything of the kind. The Republicans and the Democrats on the whole heeded not these things, but fought on personal grounds, or perhaps for the sake of excitement. It must be admitted, however, that the patriotism of both these parties was not wholly free from the taint of sordid influences. Each had its army of place-men and place- hunters. On the one side were the thousands of officials who had got hold of the public purse, and were averse to letting it go; and on the other were the hosts of office seekers, who fought furiously in the hope that fat judge- ships, snug sinecures, and other pleasant prizes would be the premia of victory. And in connection with this aspect of the matter, it may be observed that there was considerable section of the community who wished things to remain as they were — who were averse to that general clearing out of the public offices, and con- ferring of billets upon new men, which always follows a changa of Administration in America. This party voted with the Republicans, and were very plain spoken as to their motives for so doing. "We don't want any change," they said — and I have heard them say it frequently, "The sound philosophy, and of two evils these gentlemen chose the least. I will not say that the astonishing virulence of the con- test which is just over was due to the self-interested motives of the contestants. That would be giving the lie direct to thousands of eloquent professions of unadulterated love of country, will merely say, that from some causo or other not apparent cn tho surface of things, the contest wai vira« lent to such a degree as would utterly confound- any Aus trallon electorate. If the United States had been ©nee moro the arena of a civil war, and tho strifes of words bad been bloody battles, there could not have beau a greater commotion throughout the land. Tho towns and cities wore ablaze with . illuminations and to ra blight processions. Night after night there ware such displays routing the wita and principles of railway travellers, e giging In fierce skirmishes with the political enemy, tot piecing convert a rio nal minos undor the feet of unwary tourists, firing off those great guns Grant and Greeley at all times and placea, and, metaphorically speaking, carrying fire and sword into the homes of even the quio test r - tiona, curses, sarcasms, 'and jokes, that an un- biassed liatener might well be excused for ranking Îubllo robbery, and Blender among American institntionB. 'lacards on every wall invited the rank and file of Greeleys M Atmy of Honesty and Beform " to strike a blow for the -country, or "on ' the " Grant Invincibles" to strangle treachery. There was an immense display of the stars and stripes ; they waved in the wind, where there was any, on every side-from 'ropes' stretched serosa tho streets, from poles on boneo roofs, from wlndowa of political clubs. The men who walked in ' tho processions not only carried minia* tura editions of the flag, but hod likenefieos thereof painted on tho Chinese lanterns that they bore. Tba stan and stripes were almost as prominent In the dispute as tho candidates. Oratora appealed to thom, tho peonía cheered m» mgm f n4 from day to day a constant bustle, turmoil, and hurryjskurry- ano that the towns and cities, what with jubilees, mass meetings, choruses, trumpeting*, pro- cessions, bonfires, and street rows, were kept lu a con- tinual fever, one might almost have imagined that st tho oloee of the rally, half of the combatants would gladly pelee-the'first opportunity of lying down and dying In peace, "j I.wssinlEsn Francisco during the greater part of the lime that the election waa In progress, and on the day of pening. It waa curious to note tho semi- military organiza* wero "Greeley and Brown Clubs" in every Municipal Ward, " Greeley aha Brown central committee»" in every town. »nd "Democratic head quarters" lu every 8tata. 80 on lbs other'side, tba election ot Mr. Henry wilson being In- volved m'tie candidature of General Grant, there wsro'the Grant and Wilson clubt, the central committee« and the fctate Be publican headquarters. You could not walk down a, street without encountering a couple of gigantic countenance*, staring vacantly at you out of a huge transparency, and purporting to be faithful likenesses of Grant and wilson. Ir you turned the corner, yon would Sod s simjlar brace.'ol portraits of Greoloy and Brown nulling down at you from tho first floor windows of soma Democralio¡ club-room. These transparencies ware very nutnerour. ' I was not much impressed with their valse as portraits. I won't sky that the artists rendered thom reives liable to actions for libel. But ft certainly did, occur to me on inspecting these works of art. either that American atatesmen wore amiated with a remarkable kind of ? LoD-heavineteyor that the American pointer* considered that a hideously abnormal development nf brain represented vast mental power. Messrs. Grant, Wilson, Greeley, and Brown' all teemed to have water on tho brain.- (AU bad big heida, large eyes, and ino h a broad trio, that they appeared lo be laughing at boah other. The pictures In question were in all cases the standards nuder »blob the contending armies fought, and they.embellished rbe places of rendezvous for the various divisions. The marco, aseembled in their several ward cüuba, denned their uniforms (capes of white enamelled cloth, au whiob the wctds " Grant's Invincibles " were blazoned in red letters, und caps to match), had Chinese lanterns, flags, and several rounds of romBn candles served out to them, and, forming fours, marched down to the Republican bead-quarters, 'ibero they met with other divisions of th« " Invincible " forces, end,iU*cally about 1600 strong, paraded the atreota for twa or three hours firing off their raman candies, wav ng their fioge, and cheering wildly. Tho-Graeleyites did 1 he tame ; and almost every night ona party or the other mined ont In this wey, attended by bands of music, oed cresting s furore in the olty au oh as might be caused by ibo triump&ül entry of Invading foes. On these occasions there ware hugo bonfires blaring In the principal streets ; and aa tho pavomenta wore for the most part wooden, white the bearers of thc fireworks aimed nearly all their buming bails at the ¡windows ot the houses, sometimos sending their prrtn andi red globes of fire through tho casements, the vsrious'Insurance compañías must havo hod rather an anxious time.' These displays were coBcldered grand. A fctrong turn out of tho Republicana was regarded almost se BO ul .stirring as a brilliant victory. To me, the files of patriots promenading tin their absurd, uniforms and cover- ing themselves with pyrotechnic glories, looked rather foolish, I had an idea that the Sydney boya would have "guyed" such an exhibition had It-showed itself in George-street. But I was told that lt patriotism qf the people, and kept the mon of ' the several parties together. This might* ha vs boon true to a certain extent. Yat, os the asmo faoas frequently appeared in both Bepublican and Democratic ranks, and as it* was popularly Tmdsrstood that each mon who joined a procession received half a dollar par- night, it seemed to me that the annies wera composed for* the meei part of mercenaries who would have fought under, any bannar for a small considera- tion. The (Marshal of In vinci bios-they had a completo staff of officers with nulitsryttitlee-told mo that ona of these displays coat the party,about 2000 dollars. The polling waa oohdnotod with singular' qulc.udo. There were no placarded cabs rushing about tho streets ' conveying toters to the polL . There was no noise or ex- citement. 1Save for the crowds around the pollmg-plaoes, tho touts offering .election -tickets,-the occasional outharsta of enthusiasm from' the various committee rooms, one .would hardly have known-.that any.election was going on. Tho system: of palling was vary different from oura. Touts were net sflowed to approach within a hundred foot of tho poUing- plaoes. Voters were com pol led to get their ballot papara at their committee rooms, te fold them four times across, to find out their own numbers on the groat Be ttater beforehand' (a task of rome difficulty, m&amach; aa the nome*: en that Begiater aro neither alphabetically arranged , nor consecutively , numbered), and to dspo'It their votes in the baUot*boxts publicly.. It 1s worthy of notice that,''though the names of Grant, Wilson, Greeley, and Brown! were tba only names prominently placed before ibo public, none of those names, appeared on the ballot ptVpers. j .The President of tho United Slates ts not put In ifHce by4 'tho direct votes of the people, but by the votes 1 of certain pensons who ore elected by tho people; and who are called " presidential el 00 to ra/' Koch State.ls required to choose a certain Dumber of Free!* . dentis! electors tn proportion to Its population, and on the persons eo chosen devolves tho duty of electing the Preei cratlo names appeared on a^pubuoan ticket, 0 _ Voters were not, aa Is the case with AustuUans, furnished Vilh a ballet paper containing thenameabf ott the candi «ates, and directed to strike oút the samas ol persons for wbcm ,-thay did not choose to vote. They went to one of tho, commiitue-rooms of their' party, obtained there tho "ticket" ef their porty, and deposited that ticket In tho ballot-box. If they dewred to veto against any candidate, they simply wrote bis name at the foot of tho ticket. No eraring of names was permitted. Sometimes a voter wrote on his paper that he was "against the granting of the Colorado Railroad subsidy"-a local question; but .there U a disputo amongst the American lawyers as to whether the wilting' on a ballot-paper, of anything beyond the name of o candidate objected to, does not vitiate the vote. This: remains on-open que«lion ; but in the recant*election in Son. Francisco, >an immense majority of ¿he electa rs did uso voting Mpers on which tho words "Against the iNuing of- bonds to the«'Ban Francisco and Colorado Ballroad Company"-were printed. Many and various were the dodges resorted to on either aida to ba flin tho ¡aten tiona of the elector*. Numbera of "Bogus tickets" ware Issued, seme of which oontaincd names of persona who wera not candidates at all, while others were a compound of Democrats and Bepubllcans.' For instance, the puto Br publicen ticket waa as - follows:-¿* For Presidential Blectors : John B. Felton, J. F. MlllbOOIaus Spreckels, James B. Bale, Jesse O. Goodwin, T. HVBOW", For Ooo press'-Cba'rlta Clayton." One spurious ticket issued by the .Demócrata gave tho names of tba six Democratlo Fjesi dtutial Electors and odded.the nama of Mr. Clayton the Republican candidate for Congress. Another inned by Auditor--8. II. 'Wetherbee, For Superintendant Commet. Schools-Ifeah F. Flood. For. Superintendent Publlo 6 tree ta-8.1. Ashley. For City end County Attorney ?Charles Halsey. For Fire Comutisaionee-C. Meson Hinno. Foe Publlo Aurûlûiatrotor--T. D. Mathewson, There were in Bin Francisco 42 polling places, and the polia were taken Iron. S c-'olock ewin, until sunset. Oeing to toe difficulty of finding the r-**? and when the poilu cloud there ware hundreds of elector* shutout. Long linea of men who had waited long sud ns tit nt ly for a chance of exercising their rights as elector«, toi ned away in difguit when the sun set. The Baily Atta thus summarises the result of the balloting in 6an Fran dew:-"The city has been carried for Grant, by a majority of 687, and Mr. Clayton has been elected by a naturing majority, haring run ahead of his ticket. The unpopular Mr, Piper must grind his muslo to a more appreciative people than the voters of San Francisco. Mr. Clayton's majority is 1064. The vote is close, and is not as large as that polled at the last election. The total vote Is 23 018. At the last gubernatorial election, the total vote was 24,995, or in round numbers 2500 more than at the present election. But a large number of votes were shut out at the closing of the polls, which, if counted would make the total vote equal to the of last Fall; and no doubt increase the Republican majority. Only a few votes were rejected for in- formality, or on any account. Some were refused because the voters were not residents of the precincts for thirty days. An ex-Congressman was one of those." With the close of the polls the popular enthusiasm again burst out, and the streets were thronged with excited crowds, eager to learn the results of the campaign, and cheering every fresh announcement that appeared on the newspaper bulletin boards. When Grant's majority in the city was ascertained, the Republicans refreshed themselves with a last grand march, attended by three bands of music, who blew "When we were marching through Georgia" into shreds. By the way, I have had quite enough of that dreadful tune, I used to like it once. But I don't think American politicians — those of them at least who parade the streets and sing choruses — know any other. During tho whole of my five weeks' experience of them, the Republicans and Democrats were certainly 'marching through Georgia," and making the most vil- lainous noise over it. I am fond of music; but a national song, chorusted by several hundred voices, in several hun- dred different keys, to the accompaniment of a band which is nearly all drum, ceases to be agreeable after 1 o'clock in the morning. These choristers never slept. The triumph of the Republicans was complete, and State after State swelled Grant's majority. Up to the 9th November, the date of the departure of the Californian mail from San Francisco, Grant's majority was 640,552, and the returns from several States were not yet complete. It was estimated that the majority would exceed 760,000. The Daily Alta California of the 9th November gives the following figures. Grant carries the following States by the numbera placed after each:— Pennsyl- vania, 125,000 ; Massachusetts, 73,217 ; Michigan, 60,000; Iowa, 57,000) ; Illinois, 60,000 ; North Carolina, 10,000; California. 10,673; Rhode Island, 8338 ; New Hampshire, 5000 ; Mississippi, 5090 ; Nse York, 47,717; Ohio,40,000; Maine, 28,325; Kansas, 30,000; Indiana, 23,000; Minnesota, 20,000; Vermont, 17,000; Wisconsin, 15,000; South Carolina, 15,000; New Jersey, 14,000; Weet Virginia, 5000; Delaware, 5000; Connecticut, 3351; Virginia, 2000; Arkansas, 2500; Oregon, 3425; Nevada, 20000; Nebraska, 1090 ; Alabama, 4000to 6000; Tennessee, probably. Greeley carries Georgia by 5521; Maryland, 1500; Missouri, 28,000; Kentucky, 10,000 ; Louisiana and Florida, probably. A special telegram from Washington, dated November 8, gives the following report of General Grant's views on his re-election:— "His first election he considers as an honour paid for his military service; the second, the nation's approval in his political administration, and the popular vindication of his personal character. Long before the Philadelphia Convention, he foresaw his success of the nomination by the coalitionists, and it gratified him, in- asmuch as it narrowed the contest to two candidates; besides, the character of the opposition parties gave com- plete assurance of the result. He was surprised at the affright received by some Republicans at the Baltimore nomination, and he was thereafter urged by political friends to make various changes in his Cabinet. Many of his friends had wondered at his indifference; but one helping cause of that indifference, which was known to but few, was his knowledge of the fact that during the campaign the Republican National Committee had a picket in every Greeley camp of any consequence from one end of the country to the other, and knew day by day every phase of the coalition and the situation, as well as the coalition managers themselves." In the New York Tribune of the 6th ultimo Mr. Greeley published the following note:— " A Card. —The undersigned resumes the editorship of the Tribune, which he relinquished on embarking in an line of business six months ago. Henceforth it shall be his endeavour to make this a thoroughly independent journal treating all parties and political movements with judicial fairness and candour, but courting the favour or deprecating the wrath of no one. If he can hereafter say anything that will tend heartily to unite the whole American people in a broad platform of universal amnesty and jmpartial suffrage, he will gladly do so. For the present, however, he can best commend that consummation by silence and forbearance. "The victors in our late struggle con hardly fail to take the whole subject of Southern rights and wrongs into early and earnest consideration, and to them, for the present, he leaves the matter, since he will never again be a candidate for any office, and is not in full accord with either of the great parties which have hitherto divided the country. "He will be able, and will endeavour to give a wider and steadier regard to the progress of science, industry, and the useful arts, than a partisan journal can do. He will not be provoked to the indulgence of those bitter personali- ties which are recognised as the bane of journalism. Sus- tained by these generous purposes he will do his best to make the Tribune's power in the broader field it now con- templates, as when human freedom was in peril it was in the arena of political partisanship. (Signed) HORACE GREELEY." COMMENTS OF THE NEW YORK PRESS ON THE ELECTION. New York, November 5. The Herald's election esti- mates given Grant twenty-eight States and Greeley eight, or 268 electoral votes to ninety for Greeley. The popular majority for Grant is 350,000. The Herald editorially says that whether the result will be accounted for by the popular strength of General Grant on the one hand, or the weakness of Greeley and the feebleness of the Liberal Republicans combined with the Democratic bolt, on the other hand, it is in many respects the most remarkable of any Presidential election in the history of the country. The Tribune gives Grant 250 Electoral votes at the lowest, and eighty-two for Greeley, with the rest doubtful. There is scarcely a parallel. It says, in the completeness of the rout and the triumph. It states that the Liberals could not stand the enormous outlay of money expended by the Republicans in the canvass. Grant has now four years more power with Congressional majorities, and whatever reform he may seek to effect, he will have the aid of the Tribune. The Tribune adds: — The Liberal movement was at one time formidable, and had prospects of success. Had not millions been expended to arrest its progress in the State elections of the last three months, it might have swept the country. The Liberal Republican strength in North Carolina, Vermont, and Maine, was nearly neutralized by Democrats who would not eat crow when they could get 5 to 20 dollars each for not eating it. There was nothing purchasable in the Keystone State that was not bought. The Times says: —"While we regard the defeat of Chas. St. John in the Orange District, and Hohn H. Ketchum in the Duchess District, there is yet a certainty of having carried six Districts now represented by Demo- crats, so that with the Congressmen at Large, the next State delegation will be 23 Republicans to 14 Democrats." It calculates the Assembly, at the worst, at 79 Republicans TO 40 DEMOCRATS. popular majority for editorially says that whether the result will be accounted for the popular strength of General Grant on the one hand, or the weakness of Greeeley and the feebleness of the Liberal Republicans combined with the Democratic bolt, on the other hand, it is in many respects the most remarkable of any Presidential election in the history of the country. The Tribune gives Grant 250 electoral votes at the lowest, and eighty-two for Greeley, with the rest doubtful. There is scarcely a parallel, it says, in the completeness of the rout and the triumph. It states that the Liberals could not stand the enormous outlay of money expended by the Republicans in the canvass. Grant has now four years more power with Congressional majorities, and whatever reform he may seek to effect, he will have the aid of the Tribune. The Tribune adds:— The Liberal movement was at one time formidable, and had prospects of success. Had not millions been expanded to arrest its progress in the State elections of the last three months, it might have swept the country. The Liberal Republican strength in North Carolina, Vermont, and Maine, was nearly neutralised by Democrats who would not eat crow when they could get 5 to 20 dollars each for not eating it. There was nothing purchasable in the Keystone State that was not bought. The Sun says the Liberal Republicans have been faithful to their pledges, but the Democrats have beaten Greeley by not coming out to vote. The World places the popular majorities at 300,000. It says that the defeat is due to the Democracy surrendering to Grealey; that the demoralization consequent upon the New York "Ring" peculations of a year or two ago dis- heartened the party, and caused the nomination at Balti- more; that the party had not recovered in time from the Tammany taint to do anything until too late. The Times gives Grant 300 electoral votes and Greeley only 43, with the balance doubtful. THE APACHE INDIANS. There has been a good deal of trouble with the Apache Indians, who have recently committed some atrocious murders. A party of them setting upon a white man whom they found alone, tied him to a tree, drove a stake through his body, and left him to die a cruel and lingering death. The Los Angeles News of the 7th November says :— "The military party which started from Camp Hualpai, on the Santa Maria River, on the 26th instant, by the troops under the immediate command of Captain Mason, of the Fifth Cavalry, to whose energy and determination all the friends of civilisation are indebted for the lesson taught the murderous savages of this sec- tion. Previous to striking the foe, General Crook, with a few men, had struck out for Camp Date Creek, to see and have a talk with some Indians who said they desired peace. D. C. Moreland and George Hogel, from whom we have received the foregoing information, say that one Wallapal was killed by mistake, and his friends burned his body, gun, blankets, &c.; Captain Montgomery and Adams led their companies. We rejoice at the fact that nine more of the murderers have met a just doom, and that General Crook's plans are being success- fully carried out." The local press is of opinion that the conciliatory policy adapted by the Government towards the Indians is not likely to produce any good effects so far as the Apaches are concerned. They are regarded as most bloodthirsty and intractable, and being in large numbers are formidable enemies. The following letter addressed by President Grant at the end of October last, to Mr. George H. Stenart chairman of the Executive committee of the Board of Indian Commissioners, however, indicates that pacific measures with regard to these wild tribes will still be continued:— "My dear Sir, — Your favour of the 24th instant, saving that a change in the Indian policy of the Administration is reported to be contemplated, is just received. Such a thing has not been thought of at present. If the policy towards the Indians can be improved in any way, I will always be ready to receive suggestions on the subject; but if any change is made it must be on the side of civilisation and Christianization of the Indian. I do not believe our Creator ever placed different races of man on this earth with a view of having the stronger exert his energies in exterminating the weaker. If any change takes place in the Indian policy of the Government while I hold my present office, it will be on the humanitarian side of the question. "Very truly yours, U. S. GRANT." MAYOR HALL'S TRIAL. Great excitement has been caused by the proceedings taken against Mayor Hall, of New York, for various alleged frauds and complicity in the doings of the Tweed party. At the conclusion of argument in the Hall case, Judge Brady charged the jury, beginning with the remark that though the proceeding was against a person holding a high petition, it should be disposed of just the same as any other case, according to law and evidence. The judge then instructed them that, if from the evidence they are satisfied there was audit, the case fails on the charge of neglect, ind if they are satisfied there was no audit, then the evi- dence must show that neglect was intentional, as the inten- tion forms an essential cement in the case. On the second charge of wilfully abusing or corruptly performing the duties of his office, the Court instructed the jory that two things must be established — guilty knowledge and certifying with such knowledge, and that this also was a question of fact to be determined by the jury. The Court also instructed them that they are bound to sisit with the presumption that he acted justly until the contrary was proved. Tho Court cautioned the jury that the weight of evidence of men like Garvey should be care- fully considered, and to bear in mind that the defendant was liable only for his own bad deeds, not those of others, and that he was entitled to the benefit of any reasonable doubt, but guilt may be established by circumstantial as well as by direct evidence. If the jury believed the accused knew the claims to be false, and he certified them, they must convict him on the second charge. Approach the consideration of these questions fear- lessly. If you believe the accused guilty, say so ; if not, acquit him. The jury retired at 3.45. An unusually stormy session was held until eight, when they adjourned for lunch. Judge Brady came in at 9.20 and announced that the jury not having agreed, the Court stood adjourned until eleven o'clock to-morrow. The jury failing to agree as to their verdict, was dis- charged. On leaving the Court, Hall said that the failure of the jury to find a verdict was one of the greatest disap- pointments of his life. 