Part I. God the Father, God the Soil, God the Holy Ghost, have mercy, we beseech Thee, upon Thy whole, Church, and at this time be pleased to pour upon it the refreshing dew. of Thy grace, that, cleansed in all its branches from iniquity, error, and division, it may be devoutly given to serve Thee in all good works to the glory of Thy Name; We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. That at this time in all Churches of thy Saints Thy Gospel may come with power, and love, ana much assurance, convincing men of their ungpdliness and sin, and leading them to Christ as the one propitiation to cleanse them from all unrighteousness; We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. That at this time more especially. all Thy servants everywhere, being justified freely by Thy grace through faith in Christ's atoning sacrifice, may be more sanctified, and bring forth abundantly the fruits of Thy Spirit; We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. That it may please Thee to strengthen us and i all Thy servants with Thy Spirit in the inner j man, that Christ may dwell in all our hearts ; that He may be one with us and we with Him; ' " We beseech Ihee to hear us, good Lord. Pabt II. That it may please Thee at this time more i especially to confirm the souls of Thy servants in the truth of Thy Gospel, and to banish and drive away from amongst us and all Thy Churches \ all false doctrines, Rationalism, and 'unbelief; We beseeeh-Thee to hear us, good Lord. That Thy Holy Scriptures may have free course in all heathen lands, and wheresoever the Word of Truth hath hitherto been bound; that it may speedily deliver men's souls from ignorance, superstition, priestcraft, and idolatry. We beseech, Ihee to hear us, good IjOrd. Son of God, we beseech Thee to hear us; and 0,,Thou Great Head of the Church, make Thy servants to be all of one heart and one mind ; that Thy Churches—Greek, Roman, and Re formed—may be one in Thee, and serve Thee in all godly quietness, in unity of.spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life; We beseech. Thee to hear us, good Lord. 