-ME garlmg gmm ttoHfo TOOWOOMBA, MA Y 29, 1872. ' » « » I O i JEOO.' We ended our last nrticJe on the Qovbhnob'b manifesto (for it really amounts to this), by say ing that its accuracy may be At once decided upon by tlic feet that it states the ' minority of ' tbe House to consist of 12 out of 32.' As tkg statement turns out to be correct, it is worthy of inquiry how such correctness was obtained by the Governor At the time when the manifesto was concocted, Mr. Frra was a member of the resistant party, and Mr, Gbaham, not having as yet appeared in the House, it is surely a most suspicious circumstance that the Governor should predict the future conduct of these two gentlemen. There was a very general impression that Mr. Graham would be on the Liberal side, and, if Mr. Fwe had stuck to his colors, the working majority would have been only three— namely, 17 to 14. Mr. Maoalisteb had only one less when he resigned. Now is it too much to assume that his 'ducal' advisers posted him up in this matter ? He does not say that the memorial was signed by 38, but that ' the present Opposition is con ' dueled by 12 members out of 32;' thus ignor ing tbe vote of an -.pronounced renegade, mict the vote of en WJpronounced individual. The assumption of this ' posting up' receives some confirmation from the ictli paragraph of the manifesto :— If tbe ' Opposition could coin ' wand a majority of the House they would be ' perfectly justified in expressing their want of ' ' confidence in any way they might think best. 'The Government would then resign, and the 'Opposition would bave the opportunity of ' carrying out their views.' What ghost revealed to Ida favored Ekoel lxncv this new-born trait in Mr. Pa_m_b % Two years ago he was beaten by a majority of 17 to 11, and did be then resign ? Zn less than a year after this he had only a majority of one, and could not carry on the public business. ' Did be then resign 1 No, He dissolved bis own Parliament We promised to give an analysis of certain portions of the manifesto, and we do ao, not in the order «f the paragFap_Br but as the ini|Kir tance of the subjeot-mntter seems to warrant. Paragraph 10— 'That Hie i«preseutatiatt of 'the country requires amendment is amply ' prove by the fuet that the Government Juive ' introduced a BUI for tbat purpose, «ud U-at ' tiie Uppiwitiott equally desir^ a diftuee in the ' repceseut^tiou.' U'e are compelled here to use a rather vulgar phrase, hut we are aware of none fitter to employ : Mtu in sheer tiokiug fun at Us, and we respectfully submit that it U b^ -, neatli the dignity of a Vice-Regent v£ hue Majebty to trent ft ' struggling 0010-./' i-i Miob fivshiou. / ? ? *'? ^m The Opposition equally desire a change ' in ^m ' the representation !' Why, was it tint tlie Op ^m position who forc&l; it upuu tho Gnvemraent 1 ^B Did not the Government use every shift to stave ? off the measure ! Are they not doing so still f H My Lord, ' who proves too much, proves H 'nothing.'' Your too sanguine proclivities have H done your Conservative friends much evil by ? that marvellous sentence. ? Paragraph 9— 'The country constituents H ' might as well complain tlmt the towns do not ? 'elect squatters, as that the towns should com H ' plain of a majority of squatters being elected B 'by the country constituenU.' Only for the H sad thought of the evils which the Marquis* in H capacity is bringing upon us, we should indulge H in a vein of mirthful sarcasm in commenting on B this astonishing quotation. Was it not this very B complaint of the English towns that brought K about the Reform Bill % Did not the English ? towns receive such an accession of members as B to swamp the counties eventually? And did B not William the Foubth (how unlike the liberal B Mabquis) threaten to swamp the House of Lords B unless they passed it 1 And is not this a Bill Bj precisely similar in principle 1 Remember too ^B fP that the counties were populous and wealthy, Bj while our country districts have the scantiest population and are in the hamfe (generally speak ing) not of Queenslandcrs, but of alien firms. A little chink lets in much light. Does not this casual expression of his Lordship show his distaste of Legislative Reform. We throw this suggestion out to the deep and earnest consider ation of oi r readers. Paragraphs 16 and 16 — ' Were the 'Government to accept the proposal («f ' two mouths' supply) they would be tacitly ' admitting the justice of your want of confidence, 'and would be agreeing in their own condemna tion. Before tiic late prorogation the ques 'tion was a different one ; it was done with a view ' of facilitating prorogation, and the proposal for ' accepting supply for a limited time came from ?' the Government nnd not from the Opposition.' Well, they don't do the rigid thing. They in traduce a bad Hill, and having introduced it, they impudently say ' voUa,' there's all we pro mised. 'Give us our year's supplies!' 'Thank 'God OiaCs paid,' said an Irish gentleman when he signed a three months' bill. Ah, but you see ' it was done with a view of 'facilitating prorogation.' There's the point Time is everything ; for every month brings faster on the time when certain lands shall be no longer sequestrable. However, let that pass. The noble Marquis says that the proceedings of the Opposition are unconstitutional (although lie admits they are in accordance with the rules of the House, and, we presume, that Peer as he is, lie would allow the House of Commons to form part of the constitution), but who com menced the unconstitutional proceedings ! Did not Sir Palmee ask a boon of the minority, ac cording to the Mabquis f And if now the minority refuse a similar boon is that unconsti tutional ! It is really beneath argument ; so we : will conclude with a brief reference to paragraph I 2 : — ' The responsibility for the mode in which ' he (Sir Maubice O'Connell) exercised the 'authority entrusted to him rests with him, and 'it would be unbecoming in me to criticise the 'acts of my predecessor in office.' To this we would say indignantly, 'You are not called upon ' to criticise but to amend. A great wrong was ' doue us by one Governor in his provinco as ' Governor. It is the plain duty of his successor ' to redress that wrong if possible. Are a rising | ' people to be told that a feeling of delicacy be ' tween one man and another is to come between 'them and their rights. Unbecoming, indeed ! ' Nothing is unbecoming to a Governor save in justice and incapacity. The Marquis' own ' father annulled many acts of his predecessor, 'for which he received the execrations of the 'Tories and the applause of the progressionists. ' We fear that the son's political career in com 'parison with the sire's is an amendment for ? ' the worse.' 