¡ THE NOVELIST. [BY TUE AuTiroH OL' " EAST LYNNE."] i CHATTET: XXTV.- Xuusro CHAFFEN OX DUTY. . H"'.v short a period ol' timo may s»ervo to brinsr l'ortl vital chauci!« and changos. Sic Karl and Lady Arnim man were ah-.outonly a week, yet before vhoy returned ; stranger had taken nu bis abode at boxwood, indii-ec.il' brought to it by Karl himself; and .something had han* ru-nc'd at the Maze. Lucy was out amidst, her plants and shrnhs nm j fl.iwees ¡he evein'cg .of ¡¡er lvtitrti. when the shadow, j wi ^lengthening on the gras.. [Cnri was writing ],.; j I 'rs indoors; Miss [linke bad liuivi,-! un from dinner u I g-¡ ro ve::;-,ers In ..pite ol' the e.-tr.iugoiurut un.l miser ?that pervaded t ho lunn- nt.ti.ispivre. Lucy felt gin i ,'. h-there 'j.-niii. Thc uieeiing willi lier husband ni tr: tue wt'ek's cuiin1 separa, ii-n. had COIIMI! lier pulses quicken, and ber heart to bon ir I willi something th a' was very like joy. Colimo' Cleeve was out of all dan ger ; nearly well again. He anil his wife had presse. Lucy to prolong her stay, had asked Sir Karl to conn and join her ; and they both considered it somewhat nu accountable that Lucy should have i crsistcd in ilec'iu ing. Theresa was alone at Foxwood, was the chiof plot ot' excuse she urged ; tho real impediment being thai she and Karl could not stay thero together without risL of thc terms on which they lived becoming lcuown. Sc Karl, on tho day appointed, went from London to Win chester, and brought Lucy home. _ For the forbearance she had exercised, the patient silence she iîhad maintained, Lucy liad in a, degree received the reward during thc sojourn with lier futhei and mother. Moro than ever was it brought home tc her conviction then, that site would almost rather die than betray it. It would have inflicted on them so mud pain and shame. It «ou d have lowered herself so ii: their sight, und .in thc sight of those old und young ñ lends who : ¡ul known hor in her girlhood, and whe whispered their sense of what her happiness must nov* ho. and tho admiration of her attractive husband "Martyrdom, rather than that !" said Lucy, clasping her hands with fixed resolution, as she paced the grass' and thought. Kuri carno np to her with two letters in his hand She was then sitting under the acacia tree. The sun had set, but in tho west shone a flood of golden light, The weather in tho daytime was still hot as in the mid dle of that hot summer, but tho evenings and nights were cool. Lucy's shawl lay beside her. " It is time to putit on," said Karl-and he wrapped it round her himself carefully. It caused her to see thc addross of the two letters in his hand. Ono was tc Plunkett and Plunkett, the other to Mrs. Cleeve. " You have been writing to mamma!" she exclaimed. " She asked mu to be sure and let her have one linc to say got homo safely. I have given your lovo, Lucy.*" " Thank you, Karl. And now you aro going to the post," " And now I am. going to tho post. And I must make I haste, or I shall find thc box shut." He *ook his baud from h«r shoulder, where it had rested, and crossed tho grass, Lucy looking after him. " How thoughtful and kind ho is !" she soliloquised, " It is just as though ho loved mo.'' And her imagin ation went off wandering at random, as imagination will. Once moro she reverted to that former possibility-of condoning thc past and becoming reconciled again. It was very goori of him, and she felt it so, to have stayed that week in London. She fancied he had done it that she might know be did not go to the Maze. And so, thc evening shadows came on, and still Lucy sat there, lost in her dreams. Miss Blake, it had been said, had hurried from din ner, to attend vespers. As she turned iuto tho road she saw a boy a litt'e in advance of her on the other side, his basket on his arm. It was the doctor's boy, Cris Lum lejf, against whom Miss Blake hud a grievance. She crossed over and caught him up just as he rang at the Maze gate. "Now, Cris Lumley, what have you to say for your self? For throe days you have not appcarod.nt class." " 'Taiu't my tau t," said Cris Lumley, who was just as impudent as he looked ; a very different boy indeed from civil-uatured Tom Popp. " It he master's." " How is it your master's ?" " What master says is this here : ' I bn to attend to him and my place ; or I bc to give it up, if I wants to kicks up ray heels all clay at school.' " "I don't believe you," said Miss Blake. " I shall speak to Mr. Moore." " Just do then," said the independent boy. "The fact of thc case is no doubt this, Cris Lumley that you play the truant for half tho day sometimes, on the plea of being all that timo at school." "Master said another thing, he said," resumed the gentleman, ignoring 111«'last aecusatiou. Ho said ns if Parson Sumner waru't no longer good enough for mo to learn religion from, he'd get another boy in my plano that ho was good enough fur. Thero ! you may ask him whether ho said it or not." Declining to bandy further words with him, until she should have seen tho surgeon. Miss Blake was hastening on. when tho I'lingo of lier muutie eaug t against bis basket. It reminded her that some ono miift bo il . Battling for n moment, with her curiosity, but not for long, she condescended to iuquirc who was ill at the Maze. " It he tho missis," replied Cris. "Thc mistress ! Do you mean Mrs. Grey ?" Mr. Lumley nodded. " What is thc mutter with her ?" "Gota- baby," paid the boy shortly. For the instant Miss Blake was struck dumb. She did not bc'icve him " Ile were born yesterday." added tho boy. " Ti.is be some physic for him ; and this bc the missis's." Throwing back tho ltd of ono end of his basket, Miss Blake sa w two bottles, do"o up in white paper. T e larger ono war, addressed " Mrs. Grey," tho Minali ono " Mrs. Grey's infant." Sho turned away without another word, feeling ready to sink with the 'weight of the world's iniquity. it pressed upon her most unpleasantly throughout ibo evening service at St. Jerome's, and for once Miss Blake waa inattentive to the exhortations of tho Kev. Guy. Io return to Lucy. It grew dusk and more dusk ; and she ut length went indoors. Kuri came in, bringing Mr. Moore, whom hn had overtaken near tie gato ; und almost close upon that, Miss B'uko returned. Tho sight of the doctor, sitting thero with Karl and Lucy, brought back oil Miss Blnke's indignation. It had been ut boiling-point for the last hour, and now it bubbled over. Tim wisest course no doubt would have beru to hold her tongue; but her righteous condemnation forbade that. There could bo na fear of risking Jane Shore's sheet of penance in repeating this. It was her duty to speak : «ho fully believed that : her duty to open Lucy's obtuso eyes und who knew but Sir Karl might bo brought to his senses through tho speaking ? Tho surgeon and Lucy wero sitting near tho window in tho sweet still twilight ; Karl stood buck by thc mantel-piece. "I-Ibavo heard some curious news," began Miss Blake in a low, reluctant tone, having wnited for some discussion about flowers to die away. " I heard it from that boy of yours, Mr. Mooro. He says thero'a a baby at tho Maze." "Yes." readily acquiesced Mr. Moore. "A baby boy, boru yesterday.'' And Miss Blake, standing at anglos between thc two. saw a motion of startled surprise on the part of Kuri Andmniaii. Lucy looked up, simply not understanding. Alter ¡1 pause, during which no one spoke, Miss Blake, in lumrivige softened to ambiguousness, took upon her self t.o intimate that, in her opinion, the Maxe had no hu-iu"ss with a bah;, . Mr. Monro laughed pleasantly. ''That, I imagine, is Mrs. Grey's concern,'' lie said. Lucy uudorsios.-l now; she felt startled almost to sickness. " is it Airs. Grey who has the baby?" was on the point ol' lier tongue ; but she did not speak it. " Where is M rn. Grey's husband ?" crieil uuconi jir.ii:ii.-.ing M ¡ss ! ¡lu l;e. " lu London. I fancy. ju~t now" said íhe doctor. '" lins she one ai ali. Mr. Moore? " Good gracious, yes," cried l he henriy-untured sur geon. '. 1 d an-wer l'or il. with my life, nearly. She's :¡ nice n. young lady us IM ever wish to attend, mid good too." " For Lucy's salce, I'll so on ; for his sake standing there in his shame," thought Miss IJ nice in lierrectitude. '' Bettor things may come of it ; otherwise l d drop thc .hateful, subject for ever." "Mr. Mooro," she added aloud, " Why do you say the husband is in Lou on ?" " Becni'.so Mrs. Grey said something to that effect," bo answered. "At least I understood her words to im ply as much ; but sho was very ill at thu moment, and I did not question further." <: It lina hitherto been represented that Mr. Grey was travelling abroad," pursued Misa Blake, with atone and a stress on the " Mr. Grey." " I know it bas. But bc may have returned. I am sure she said she had boen up to London two or throe weeks a£o - and I thought she meant to imply that sho went to meet her husband. lb may have been a falso conclusion I drew ; but I certainly thought it." Sir .Karl took a step forward. "I can answer for it i that Mrs. Grey did go up," bo said, " for I chancel to travel in the same carriage with her. Gettiug into tho uptrain at tho station ono day, I found Mrs. Grey seated there' ' Lucy glanced towards him as bo spoke. There was no embarrassment in his countenance ; his voice was easy :¿ud open as though ho had spoken of a stranger. Her own face looked white as death. " You did !" cried tho doctor. " Did sho toll yon sho was going up to meet Mr. Groy ?" " No, she did not. I put her into a cab at tho ter minus, and that's all I know about it. It was broiling hot, I remember " .," Well," resumed the doctor, whether it was to meet her husband or whether not, to London she went for a day or two in thc broiling heat-as Sir Karl aptly terms it and she managed to fatigue herself so much that sho has not felt well since, and has never been able to got over the fatigue. This young gentleman, who chose to take upon himself to make appearance in tho world yesterday, was not due for a couple of months to como." Lucy rose and left the room, sho and her white faco. Karl followed her with his eyes ; ho had seen the white ness. " Is it a healthy child ?" he asked. " Quite so," replied tho surgeon; "but very small. The worst of these little monkeys is, you can't send them back again with a good whipping, when they make too much basto, and toll them to come again at proper time. Mrs. Grey's very iii." " Is she ?"' cried Karl. " Yes. And there's no nurse and no anything ; matters are all at sixes and sevens." " I hope she'll do well !" breathed Karl. "Sodo I." Miss Blake looked at the two speakers. Thc ono seemed just as open as tho other. Sho thought wiiat a finished adept Karl Audinuian was getting to bo in de ception. The doctor took his leave. He was, as he told them, on his way to the Maze then. Karl went with him to the outer gate, and then paced tho lawn in tho evening twilight. "After all, it is well it's over," ran his thoughts. " This expected illness was always putting itself in view when I was planning to tret awn}' Adam. Once Hose is well at!ain, the ground will bc. so fur, clear. But good heavens ! how it increases tho risk ! Here's Mooro going in at any hour of the day or night. I suppose- and Adam so incautious ! Well, I think bo will take caro and keep in seclusion for his own sake. And for my self-it brings more complication," ho added with a sigh. " The child is the heir now instead of me : and tho whole property must eventually como to him. Poor Lucy ! I saw she felt it. Oh. she may well be vexed! Does she quito comprehend, I wonder, who this bab}- is, and what it will take from us ?-Foxwood amidst the rest ? I wish I had never married ! I wish a merciful heaven had interposed to prevent it." When Mr. Moore, some eight-and-forty hourn pre viously, received a hurried visit from Mrs. Grey's servant, Aim Hopley, at thc dusk of evening, and heard what she had to say. he was excessively aston ished, not having had the slightest idea that his services would bc wanted in any snell way nt the Maze. Jt is possible that some doubts of Mrs. Grey's posilion crossed his mind at. Hie moment : but he was a goori man, and he made it a ruh; never to t hilde ill if he could by any possibility think good ; and when he ennui lo see Mrs. Grey, he felt sure she was ¡ill she should be. The baby was horn ou the following morning. Since then the doctor, us Karl expressed it , had been goiug in at all hours: Ann Hopley invariably preceding him through the maze, and conducting him out ol' it again tit his departure. Thr"e or four days wcut ou. The doclor passed in and out, and never a notion entered his head that the Maze was tenanted by any save its ordinary inimités, or that one nuder a ban was lying there in concealment. Ann Hopley, letting her work go how it would, attended ou her mistress and the baby ; the o d gardener was mostly busy in his garden as usual. On the fifth or sixth day, wheaMr. Moore paid his morning visit, he found Mrs. Grey worse. There were rather dangerous Kyniptoms of fever. " Has she been exciting herself ?" he privately ashed of Ann Hopley. '. She did a litt'o last night, sir," was the incautious admission. '. What about ?" " Well, sir chiefly talking." "Chiefly talking!" repeated the doctor. "Tint what were you about to let her talk? Whatever po.':.=ess"d you to talk to herr" Arm Hopley v.riR silent. She could have said lb at it! was not with her Mrs. Grey had talked, but with her husband. " I must send a nurse in," lin resumed. " Kot only to see that she i - kept quiet, but to attend to lier con stantly. It is not possible that you can be with her a ways with your housework todo." 'But all of this Ann Hopley most strongly combated. She could attend to her mistress, aud would, and did attend to her, she urged, and a nurse sho would not have in tho house. From tho first, this question of a nurse had been a bono of contention ; the doctor wanting to fend oue in ; A nu Hopley and also Mrs. Grey strenu ously objecting. So ouce more the doclor yielded, and let tlio matter drop, inwardly resolving1 that if his patieut did not get better during tho day, he should take F renell leave to pursue his own course. Late in the afternoon ho went in again. Mrs. Groy was worse : flushed, restless, and slightly delirious. Tho doctor said nothing ; hut when ho got home, ho sent a summons for Mrs. Chaffou. A skilled nurse, she : and first cousin to tho Widow Jinks, both in respect to kin and to love of gossip. That same ovctiing after dark, when Adam Andin nia.11 was sitting in bis wife's room, aud Ann Hopley was concocting something i i a saucepan over the kitchen fire, the gate bell clanged out. It had been nothing unusual to hear it these last few days at any hour ;? and the woman, putt ing the saucepan on tho hob for safety, wont forth, key in baud. No sooner had she unlocked tho gate than Mr. Moore brushed past her, followed by a lillie thin woman with a bundle. Aim Hopley stared ; but never a word ..aid ho. .. Iveep close to mo, and you won't lose yourself," cn.-.! bo io the lilt'o woman : and went tearing 'off at a double-quick pace through tho intricacies of tho Maze. Ann Hopley stood like one bewildered. For ono thing, »ho hu I not possessed the slightest notion that the surgeon knew his way through, for ho had given no special indication of it, ahv vys having fol.owed her. He could "ave told her that he hud learnt tho secret of thc Maze long boforo she came to Foxwood. It had been shown to him iu old Mr. Throckton's time, whom ho had attended for years. And, to see a second per son pass in, startled her. All she could do was to lock the gate, and follow them. On went the doctor ; the little woman keeping close to his coat tails ; and they were beyond tho Mazo in no timo. In, at tho open portico, passed he, and made' direct for the stairs. Ann Hopley, milos behind, could only pray in agony that her master might escape their view. But ho did not. Tho doctor had nearly rea ched tho top of tho staircase, when a gentleman, tall, and inoven iug dress, suddenly presented himself in front, appa ? reutly looking who it might bc coming up. Ho drew I back instantly strode noiselessly along the'eorridor, and I disappeared within a door at its extreme end. It all . passed in a moment of time. What with the speed, and what with the obscurity of tho stairs aud passages, any one, less practical than tho doctor, might havo ques tioned whether or not it had happened at all. " That's Mr. Grey come down," thought he. " But ' he seems to wish not tobe noticed. Bo it so." Had he cared to make auy remark upon it to Mrs. i Grey, lie could not, for she was quito delirious that I night. And, as hu saw no further sign of tho gentleman afc any subsequent visit, ho merely supposed that Mr. Groy had come down for a few hours anil had gone ugain. ! And the matter passed from his mind, j It di'd not so pass from tho nurse's. Mrs. Chaffen I had distinctly seen thc gentleman in evening attiro look ing down tho stairs ab her and tho doctor ; she saw him ; whisk away, as she phrased it, and go into thc furthor \ room. In tho obscuro light, Mrs. Chaffen made him out i to be a very lino-looking gentleman with beautiful whito j teeth. Sho had keen oyesight and she saw that much ; she had also a weakness for fine-looking mon, and felt glad that ono so lino as this should be in tho house. It j could not make much difference to ber ; but she liked I gentlemen to he in a dwelling whero she might bo located : they made it lively, and were pleasant to talk to. Liko tho doctor, she supp- so d this was Mrs. Grey's husband como down at lust. ! ribo neither saw nor heard more of tho gentleman that night, though she sat np with her patient. Neither i did she on thef ollowiug day-and then she began to think I it somewhat odd. At dusk, when Mrs. Grey and tho baby were both sleeping, she went down stairs. Ann Hopley's directions had boen liing for every thing you want, and I will bring it up :" her meals also wero brought punctually. But nurses aro but human. LIVJ. Chaffen was longing for n word of social gossip, aud down stairs she went, and made her way to tho kit chen. Ann Hopley was in it, ironing at a table under tho window. " What do you want ?" cried she in a quick, startled tone, as the nurse appeared. " I thought I'd get you to give mo a sup o'heer, Mrs. Hopley," was the answer. I'm n'most faint, stopping so long in that there room with its smell of ether about." " Why could you not have rung ? I'll bring it up to you." In tho very tneth of this plain intimation, Mrs. Chaffen sat herself down on a chair by the ironing board, and began fanning her face with a corner of her white apron. " Tho missis is asleep," she said ; "she's a sight bettor to- night ; and I shall stop here while I drink tho beer for a bit of relief and change." Anti Hopley took a small jug that was hanging on thc dresser shelves, went down in tho coller, brought up thc boor and poured it into a tumbler. Mrs. Chaffou took a good draught and smacked her lips. " That ain't bad beer, is it, Mrs. Hopley ?" " Not at all," said Ann Hopley. " Drink it.up." She would not go on with her ironing, lust it might ' Fcom like an excuso for the nurse to linger ; she stood ! by the lire, waiting, and evidently wanting her gone. " Your husband's a taking it easy, out thero !" j' Ann glanced from the window, and saw the gardener ; scaled amongst a heap of drying weeds, his hack against . th«; tool house., mid a pipe in his mouth. ! " Ho bas done his work, I suppose, for thc day," sha said. ! " And he knows his missis's nyes can't hn upon him just now," added tho nurse, takiug another draught. " Ho don't hardly look strong enough to do all thia here big garden." j " You couldn't offend -ioplcy worst than by telling i1iitutli.it. His mistress says nothing about it now, it puts bini up so. Last May when be was laid up in bcd with the rhmunutis, she ordered a gardener iu for two or turee days to clear up some of tho rough work. Hopley was not at all grateful ; ho only grumbled at it when got, about again." " lt's just like, them good old-fashioned servants tint takes prido bi their work," said the nurse. " Taero's not many <jf the young uns liko 'cm. Is that n hump, or only a stoop of tho shoulders ?" continued she, ignoring good manners. "It used lu bo only a stoop, Mrs. Chaffen. But those things, you know, always gets worse with I yours." " Mrs. Chaffen nodded. "And gardening work, when ono hus a natural stoop, js the worst sort of work a man can take to.1 True," assented Ann. She had spoken absently all ab.ng, and kept glancing round and listening ns_though ill at ease. One might ha vc fancied hbo feared u ghost was coming down tho staircase. '. "What be you a barkening at ?" asked Mrs. Chaf fen. " For four tho baby should cry." " The baby's in a sweet sleep, hn is. I wonder whe ther he'll get reared ?-ho's very little. Whcrs's tho gentleman.'' abruptly inquired'Mrs. Chaffen after a pause. .' What gentleman ?" "Mrs. Grey's husband. Him wo saw hero last night." If Ann Hopley had been apathetic before, she was fully aroused to interest now, and turned her eyes upoH tho nurse with a long stare, 