WALLSEND. 1-EOM A COBBESPONDENT.') ' October 30. \- The recognition service and ordination of the Rev. T 'obey to the pastorate of the Baptist Church, Walls, .-?j^i '' place on Tuesday, October 22nd. The Eev. D Allen im» *or ?f the ^aP4^* Church, Castlereagh -il—i o.!j*._'' _-ed at Wallsend on Tuesday, and was minister, also the Rev. Mr. xw.'ey-f?™^ ^'w Free Church minister, and other t™***, who had assembled to greet the. reverend gantifc?™- j*™* taking tea together, the friends proceeded to the vJ-aPel- where the Bev. Mr. Allen preached and delivered tuC , solemn charge to the pastor. The text chosen for the occasion was most appropriate— 2 Tim, 2-15, 'Study to show thyself approve* unto God ; a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.' The Bev. Mr. Allen, in opening the subject, remarked.that hepreferred;theterm recognise to ordain ; it was ' not for man to ordain, but the Holy Ghost. They had met therefore rather to recognise the oroinanon nireoay seen in sir, ±WDey than to ordain. It was for him, therefore, and the church upon that solemn occasion to recognise the or dination by tha Holy Ghost, as seen in the call and the fitting of the minister for the work, and in the qualifica tions with which he was endowed. The Bev. Mr. Allen then proceeded with the charge to the minister, giving the advice, cautions, &s.;, most appropriate for the occasion. The address was one of the nioBt able and instructive, and was listened to with profound atten- 1 tion. A gracious influence pervaded the meeting, and all appeared to feel the power of the Word, and the Divine influence that accompanied it. The Bev. Mr. Harvey offered the closing prayer, which concluded the evening service. The following Sunday, 27th instant, the Bev. Mr. Allen preached morning and evening, and delivered the usual charges to the congregation. The Divine presence was graciously felt during the Berrices. In thfl afternoon Mr. Allen preached in the United Methodist free Church. The discourses were delivered with a power and earnestness which nil ap- : peared to fee1. These interesting and edifying services, ; also the visit of the Bev. Mr. Allen, will long be remem bered by the Wallsend Church and friends. After the ordination service there was a mutual exchange of pul pits. The Rev. T. Robey proceeded to Sydney to offi date for the Bev. Mr. Allen, who has been pastor of the Castlereagh- street Church since the former pastor, the Bev. Bunyan M'Cure, resigned and left for Europe. During this exchange Mr. Bobey has preached in Cas tlereagh- street, Bathurst-street, and Brubane-strcet Churches ; also addressed the Young Men's Christian j Association, and other pnblic meetings held in Sydney during the neek. While so engaged Mr. Allen was like wise aaaressing auaiences in various parts ui m uuaeuu and neighbourhood. We trust this mutual and very friendly exchange of labour in this great and noble work trill prove a blessing to both of the churches and the districts which have been bo favoured, and that it will tend also to the strengthening of the hands of the pas tors in their labour of love. 