GENERAL HEWS. The rumour that Sir George Bowen will be translated about the beginning of next year, if not sooner, to Victoria, gains credence in Wellington. It is considered the more likely, as Sir George is a favourite with Mr. Gladstone, from old asso ciations in the Ionian Islands, and his Excellency is also in high favour with Lord Kimberley, the Secretary for the Colonies. Our New South Wales neighbours would seem to be determined to make the Biver Murray an impassable barrier to Victorians and Victoria etock. Their latest action has been to intimate their intention of imposing an annual licence of £1,000 on cattle- punts plying across the river. It was brought under the notice of the Govern ment in the Assembly on Tuesday, and the Chief Secretary said he had taken a note of it, and that certainly the Ministry would not quietly submit to the imposition of snch a claim. The adventures of ene of those hideous marsu pials called " devils " are occasioning some alarm in Hobart Town. According to one of the papers great consternation was created when the Town-hall doors were re-opened at 7 o'clock on Thursday night — for, in fact, the devil and her little imp had escaped through the iron-barred door of their apartment. Several pieces of wire, bent and bitten, as well as chips of pine, were scattered about the floor of the hall, but the whereabouts of the fugitives could not be discovered by those who sought. Inspector Dorsett kept an anxious vigil at the fireplace, because it was suspected that the chimney had afforded the only means of escape. However, no tidings of the missing oneB were moving at the time we went to press, but the last suggestion was that our grand organ's diapason roar is stopped for ever — or at all events until the! devil is pulled oat of it. The district coroner held two inquests at Ballarat on Monday. One (reports the Star) was at the Racehorse hotel, on the body of an illegitimate child, who died shortly after having been born of an unfortunate woman named Bridget Tyson. The evidence went to show that the child had been very feeble from the first, and that no blame attached to anyone. The jury found a verdict accordingly. The mother told the usual sad story of seduction and snbseqnent desertion. The other was an inquiry concerning the death of a miner named Samuel Hodge, who was almost instantaneously killed whilst working in the Perseverance claim, last Saturday, by a fall of earth, which buried him up to the chin, and caused fatal injuries to the spine. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. A sudden death occurred at DAndenong on Saturday morning last to a resident thereof named Hurlstone, father-in-law of the local miller. He was an elderly gentleman, bordering on seventy years, and for years past had been suffering from asthma or something of the kind. Only the day prior to his decease he figured amongst a group arranged for appearance in a photographic view that was being taken, on wbicb occasion it was noted by several how very jolly deceased ap peared, and notwithstanding his advanced age, to all appearance was likely to live many more years. He took ill early in the evening, and breathed his last early on the following morning. His loss will be felt keenly by his daughter and son-in-law, with whom he resided, and abo by the loeal Wesleyan body at their Sunday services, where he gratuitously acted as organist. A very remarkable coincidence, in which (says the Courier ) some perceive the hand of a retribu tive Providence, happened last week to a miner engaged in one of the quartz mines near Bunin- yong. This man, while suffering under some real or imaginary wrongs from one of his mates, gave expression to his feelings in a torrent of abase, and concluded by wishing the drive would fall and emother the object of his fury. The words were scarcely uttered, when a lump of earth, which, as described by his mates, was large enough to crush a horse, fell from between the cap-pieces on to the shoulder of the author of the imprecation, crushing him to the ground, neck and heels together. He was quickly extricated from his position, when it was found that no bones were broken. The man had received a flesh wound near the small of the back, which had saturated his clothes and filled his boots with blood. Although he is able to move about, he is still very weak. " The Bible ; its Evidences, Characteristics, and Effects," was the appropriate subject of a lecture delivered in the Collins street Indepen dent Church on Monday, by the Bight Bev. the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, in connection with the Melbourne auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society. There was a numerous attendance considering the unpropitious condi tion of the weather, about 400 persons being present, and there ib no doubt that bad the evening not been eo inclement, the church would have been crowded, considering the popularity of the rev. lecturer and the nature, of the subject upon whioh he discoursed. The lecture was a lengthy one, and displayed the erudition of the Biehop.'and one almost felt sorry when it came to an end. We give a brief summary of it in another column, The 8. A. Advertiser has heard of a rather carious " romance of the Peerage" in connection with this colony. Soma twenty years ago a ycfcng fwtaian, named Bngjb ftobj, oooupyiBg tba Coonatto run, was unfortunately drowned in the Willechra Creek. This gentleman was the third son of Earl Carysfont, add had be been living now he would have inherited the-Utle and the estates, the eldest and the .second sons having each died, and the fourth son being the present earl. Mr. Proby is buried on the Mount Arden A correspondent of the Kapunda Herald re lates, at some length, a recent instance of a bride groom wreaking a terrible vengeance on some tin- kettlers who were annoying him. Coming out of his house, he asked, in the moBt pleasant and hospitable manner, the serenade rs to drink, in colonial ale, the health of himself and his bride. The revellers accepted this kind invitation, en joyed themselves immensely, and went away with the best wishes for their entertainer, but tbey passed an unhappy night afterwards, and were ailing considerably next morning. The first section of the north-eastern line of railway is nearly completed, and it is expected that in the course of a fortnight the first through train will be run to Seymour. In the meantime creditable progress is being made with the second section, and with regird to the third section, a quantity of plant at Echuea is being taken on board the river steamers for shipment to Bed- bank. Mr. A. C. Macdonald's " Newfoundland" must be a wonderful dog. A week or two ago, when the animal was accused of worrying sheep at Bellerine, a statement was put in to the effect, and sustained, that at the time the sheep were worried he wafi in another part of the country ; in other words, he proved an alibi. Within the last week bis owner reported that the animal had been poisoned, having been assured mac sucn. was the caBe by a corporation employe, who had picked up the dead body of the dog and boned it. Either the dog must have been in a trance (the Oeelong Advertiser observes), and some body- snatehers most have been at work, or else it mast have been the dog which worried the sheep that was poisoned, as on Fnday morning who should walk into Mr. Macdonnell's office but his lost pet, who, as may be surmised, was only the " ghost" of his former self. A reward of £100 is offered for information that will lead to the conviction of the man who made a felonious entry into the Bank of New South Wales, at Wodonga, on Sunday evening, 4th August. The anneuncement made in the Assembly Wed nesday by Mr. G. V. Smith that there was reason to believe the fire at the Maribyrnong stables was not the result of accident took the House by surprise. According to bis statement there is a rumour current that a foul crime has been com mitted, and he asked the Government whether any information had been received which would justify steps being taken to bring the perpetrators to justice. Mr. Francis has promised to com municate with the police. The board appointed to inquire into the claims of Mr. B. Armytage on the Government, in respect to contracts in which he was concerned in the year 1862 in connection with the main tenance of the Mount Alexander road, have re commended that he be compensated ; bnt the amount has not been named, pending a decision on the question whether interest is to accrue on the money or not. 