.1 #f llw Pine. i ■ ■ JVom&e; Siaday Magaiant.) (Continued) • Jest ait the same time Mr. Griffith "iWilljamsa,ndIsrael mot in. thepiath \way leadirig past the farm higher tip i||iL.;(3to'jyailej„' The greeting on the r^uir§'ft,side was genial, yet with a ira ^jondescenaion; on Israel's it was deferential^ bat manly, almost: jstero. ' ^ Shall we sit down here on this lit tleknoll/or go into the house ?' asked tGii&th.; ' J'A.ll pl&ces; ate alike to me,' respon ded Isfdel ; and following his employ •elf'sexample, hesatdown. And'as his J&fek-lustr;^ eye (tvhen iinexcited) fell on ther foliage and water of the beaii hje really seemed to see no i •difference between it andhis own fa ti^ilmr,jHttine. ^jW^now, Mort, what is it you ■WBjit tosayto me ? Speak out, and straightforwardly, for-—:—' •vVDid you ever, know ttie to do ariy thibgl else V asked Israel, as if really •clirious to be answered, but with no -eh'tti wofanger. j " ' Well—no^ But you are aware it | 5s against all discipline for inferior of- 1 iieerg.to'make complaints against su- j gperior ones,' • ' j Better that,* said Israel, interrupt- I a»g the speaker, 'than, for lack of com- 1 .plaining, to ,let inferior and superior be | all blown up together.' ' Why, Israel, man! you do not, can not mean that things Are so bad as Hhab'i'./ ' I mean, sir,' said Israel, looking a side and down, not at all as in fear, but fts if iengaged in some mental ef fpr^ that required nil possible abstrac tion"from externals, * that for a long titrie past the colliers have made the deputy miserable by their continual a!^oi$,;pbw' about one thing, now about another. I mean that the depu ty'lite-been trying in the same way to scare me, and 1 have felt obligated so far,to listen to him as to call Mr. Bar rett's special attention, to a number of things that want to be seen to, and which t'e does see to by'treating the mine as a' tink^treatsa ti ri-kettle with a worn-out bottom.—-by eternal soft sawder. I mean, lastly.that as none, therefore, can get satisfied without go ing to head quarters—why, to head quarters : t come, as it's my duty to do It's your property, you know, sir, but i^s^oyrliye^at stoke.' 'Mie eyes ofthe two men met: Grif fithVibnrabled with : many thoughts, Isi^t^Iutninous ' with one thought; he w^jboming totfte'jpoint at last '^&nd;'^UTOe%wes8ary operations so very heavy ?' i$k&d; the former. '1 want you, sir, to come to the, mine and judge for yourself.' ■ I! What's the good of that,! I am ho judge. I hate the mine; I mean the details. ^ . # • ' Y6«i are owner,' said Israel, with somethiug like reproof , ' Owner! Much good that'll do me,!' exclaimed Griffith, angrily. 'Have you heard the news V For a moment Israel did not look up It was, as wc have said/ a way with him, that of looking on the ground when pondering in thought, or when expecting critical questions. Slowly at last he raised his head, and looking impassive as a piece of ice, said— 'To what, sir, do you refer ?' ' My brother's new will.' . ■ .' Just discovered V '■Yes. Giving his'wife three ;thou sand a year as a charge on the mine.' Israel's eyes again sought the ground as if he could always at need there recruit his mental forces; tliei turning them steadily on Griffith, he said-— 1 Well, sir, I will tell you. T signed that will, I and a comrade brought by me, as witnesses, at Mr. Jehoshaphat's . request; for he, had rather a respect for me, even while he didn't choose. to promote me.' < You signed it! You Israel astonish me J And did he did he tell you what you were signing V 'Yes.'/ * And you did not remonstrate; not say one word ofthe monstrous injustice of"his saddling me with all the dangers, expenses, and responsibilities, while in all probability giving to her the bulk of all the earningsi' ' How could I, Mr. Griffith ? 1 am but an overman, as Mr. Jehoshaphat once was.. But he had become a great man, I remained a little one; little tfand insignificant as when we first ■knew each- other. It was for him to .say,'Israel,'do this,'and for me to obey.' 'And whj- did younottellme before 1 * Because he bade me hold my tongue till the lawyer had said his say.' Griffith's eyes glanced inquiringly, but unconscious they were doing so, in Israel's, and then at his own dress, and then ag&ia; at Israel's, Jbufc dropped them suddenly to the dog lying at his feet However slow might be the thoughts ofthe overman, his instincts were keen and quick, and he at once guessed and tested the nature of his employer's speculations by saying— * If, sir, you' will say you will come down, I will takt, care that everything shall be made as little disagreeable as possible." , 'Tell me, Israel, i? there any danger ?' * Certainly not.' . * You can guarantee that * With my life,' said Israel with a smile, a most unusual phenomenon on his face,' if that were any good to you.' \- < Don't imagine me a coward, IsraeL' • * Certainly not, sir,' responded Israel, passing his hand over his face at the same moment. 'lean hunt with any horse, and leap anything that can be leapt; ■ I can bear pain ; I could go into battle, and decently, at least, play my part. These tilings lie or might lie in my way. But the mine!—well, Israel, you know, as much'of my history as most men, and know how 1 shrank from it in youth, and I don't find my love grow from it in maturer age.' ' Ay, but for all that, there's more to be got out of her now than as yet there ever has been,' remarked Israel, patting the sward with his right hand, as if that were the mine below;, and following the remark by such a glance at Griffith as the marksman may give who fires at some noble prey and waits to see if it is about to fall. ' What's that you say hastily de manded Griffith, who had,already risen to his feet and turned his face towards home, but again turned, and now stood rooted to the spot. 'Will you, sir, come to the mine to-morrow ?' * You and I to be alone V ' Oh no; I think you should see the people, and they you." ' Ar.d what about Mr. Barrett ?' ' Of course he'll he there, sir.' Griffith seemed more and more to be lost in the tangles of his own thoughts, or else in the disturbed as pect that Israel's presence, looks, words and behaviour seemed to cast over them, and this reply puzzled him exceedingly. - Certainly he wanted to hear what ever Israel had to say, and saw lie must let him say it in his own time and' manner. -But he did also want not to seem mean or ungentlemanly to his manager, Barrett; but was busily thinking how to compass both ends at the same time, when, lo! Israel set at nought his forethought by saying, as if:it were the simplest thing in the world, that, of course, the manager would be. present. After giving Wn employer ample time to realise the force of this remark, Israel said— 'I will, if you plea«?e, call on him as I go home, and say I have asked you to meet us all to-morrow, and that you have consented to come.' ' If so, he will be at the farm long before nightfall, and either require tlio project to be given up so far as you are concerned, or resign.' 'Or—resign!' echoed Israel; but Griffith could not, for the life of' him tell whether the tone meant something of wonder, oragood d£al of submission. ' What should I do, then ?' asked Griffith a little maliciously, as be sur veyed the overman. • , ' I don't think you will need to afek that question, sir, after our meeting to-morrow,' J So said Israel Mortj and notjf, tone, look or gesture escaped'him that could imply that he lie felt trapped like a fox in his wiles." "His empkfyer could, in fact, almost fancy the overman's mind was already far beyond the point where lie, Griffith, wa/ pausing in speculation; that lsrac/ was waiting impatiently for him, tjiat they might begin together soine ifcw undertaking, some grand commercial in aicli, that might lead to wealth, such as the owner of the farmr and of the mine had never yet dsfred to think of. He shook hands hastily with Israel, told himto'expeet him at six next morning;, and then they separated. / CHAPTER VI. While.^siael paced along slowly, and : in labouring thought, towards the vil la^? to execute some errand which had been entrusted to him by the manager, and which had given the opportunity to be away from the mine withoat danger of exciting comment, who should he see but the manager himself turn the corner by the nearest houses, and begin to ascend the hill towards the farm! A dusky light, the ghost of a smile, passed over Israel's face as he said to himself,' T forgot that two could play that game!' Barrett, was evidently hurrying his movements; his face looked red, and a long roll of paper was in his hand. Israel moved a few steps aside out of his sight; then, after a brief pause, he returned, took just one glance after the fast-retreating figure, and then began himself to walk towards his own cottage at a pace %hat would have excited the astonishment of any of the neighbours who might have seen him, and remembered that never in their whole lives before, had they beheld such a spectacle as Israel sleeping along at the rate of a prize pedestrian. But even this speed did not appear to satisfy him, for he stopped suddenly before an aged but still hale man, who was smoking as he leaned against the threshold of his door, and addressed him,— ' Martin, I am wanted up at the squire's just now, but I also want something from home. Will you fetch it for me, and bringlit up V ' O ay I But I can't go very fast nowadays, Master Israel.' ' No. How long must I give you ? You won't have to wait there.' ' Ten minutes '11 take me there, say five to stop—that's a quarter—and then there's the. hill, worse luck, I can't manage that, with my short breath, under half an hour.' Three-quarters altogether: too much Stop! Go yourself to my bedroom, unlock the big box you'll find there, and take out a roll tied with red tape. Mind, tied with red tape 2 There are others, but the one tied with red tape is the right one. When you have got it bring it up yourself, unless you can find some one you can. trust. Not David, my boy—not him, mind—some one else who is strong and swift, and can run the whole way up. I shall give you. a shilling, iand if you iind another to help, I shall give him a shifting too. But' then.I shall expect it at the farm in half an hour.' He took out his watch. ' It is now a quarter past twelve. You will send it by a quarter to one, or bring it by one V ' I will.' Israel paused just to see the old man start, which he did with credi table energy; then, he himself turned and ascended the hill with extra ordinary speed—-never pausing from fatigue, never panting from want of breath, but with his wiry, muscular frame evidently capable of far greater efforts than any he was putting forth. (To be continued.) Grammatical.—Lately at a dinner table at Massachusetts a gentleman remarked that A , who used to be given to sharp practice, was getting more circumspect. " Yes," replied Judge Hoar, " he has reached the superlative of life. He began by seek ing to get on, then he sought to get honour, and now he is trying to get honest." Josh Billings on Milk.—I want to say something. I want to say sum thing in reference to milk as a fertili- ! zer.—There are various kinds of milk —sweet milk, sour milk, skim milk, butter-milk, cow milk, and the milk of human kindness; but the mostest best milk is the milk that has n't the most water in it. Butter-milk isn't the best milk for butter. Milk is spontaneous and has done more to encourage the growth of human folks than any other likwid. Milk iz lacteal; it iz also aq uatic, while under tie patronage -of milk vendors. Milk iz mysterious: cokernut has never been solved yet. Milk iz also another name for human kindness. Milk and bread is a pleas ant mixtur. Sumtimes, if milk iz al lowed to stand too long, a scum rises to the surface, which iz apt to scare folks that' live in cities, but it duzzent fol low that the milk iz nasty; this scum iz called krenie by fokes who inhabit the country. Kreme iz the parent of butter, and butter iz sold by weight. The most,,common milk in use, with out any doubt, iz skim milk. Skim milk iz made by skimming the milk, which iz considered sharp practiss. Milk iz obtained from cows, hogs, tats, woodchuks, squirrels, andall other an-j imals that hay eh air. Snaix andgeesel don't giv milk. ' I forgot to state that | cows' milk well watered brings ten or j nine cents a quart. • Chloral Hydrate.—In Europe the use of this drug is causing alarm. A paper remarks:—Since the method of manufacturing it cheaply- by distilling absolute alcohol over sugar Has been i discovered, it is stated that the use of j this drug has been; greatly extended. ; and that it is now being largely taken as a stimulant.. The action of chloral upon the system is explained upon the theory that the alkali ofthe blood com bines with this substance and sets the chloroform free. As the influence of chloroform is very uncertain;so do the effects of chloral vary with different constitutions. The danger of the in discriminate use of chloral i6, therefore, very apparent; but. in spite of repeat ed cautions, the. consumption of this deleterious drug is very great, both in Europe and America. The Lancet as serts that chloral is- sold by 'tons a week,' and one German chemist man ufactures and sells half a ton per week. Immense quantities are used in the manufacture of beer, and taking chlo ral is the new and popular vice, par ticularly women, and is doing as much harm as alcohol, ether, and other stim ulants. Crystalised chloral is kept in thousands of dressing cases, and those who begin its use pass their lives ei ther in contented stupefaction or art ificial excitement. In persons accus tomed to their use, narcotics in large doses become stimulants, and stimul ants become narcotics. Morphia is an illustration of the first, alcohol of tbe last statement. A Parody,—Tell us" not, in idle jingle,' marriage is an empty dream for the girl is dead that's single, and things are not what they seem. Life is real, life is earnest, single blessedness a fib ;' Man thou art, to man returneth,' has been spoken of the rib. Not enjoyment and not sorrow is our .destined end or way,' but to act that 4acb to-morrow finds us nearer mar riage-day. Life is long, and youth is fleeting, and our hearts, though light and gay, still like pleasant -.drums are beating wedding marches all the day. In the world's broad field of . battle, in the bivouac of life, be not like dumb, driven cattle—be a heroine—a wife! Trust no future, howe'er pleasant; let the dead past bury its dead; act—act in tha. living present, hoping for a spouse- ahead. Lives of parried folks remiufl us we can live Our lives as Well, and, departing, leave behind- us such examples as will' tell'—such examples that another, wasting time in idle sport, a forlorn, unmarried brother see ing, shall take heart and court. Let us, then, be up and doing, with a heart on triumph set:; ' still contriving, still pursuing, and each one a husband get. Dying Sensations of a Suicide. —The Paris correspondent of theJ?cho writes: A man, name unknown, was discovered poisen'ed in one of . the streets of the Champs Elysees on Satur day night. On searching the body at the dead-house, a paper was found in the side pocket, on which he had carefully written, minute by, minute, his " impressions " at the Yipproaeh of death. I subjoin a part of tfiis strange document: "Ten o'clock/at night—I must finish. I will get jnto a garden and end all in an unknown corner. Five minutes past t^n: Here I am in the corner covered,«p with my cloak. The air is cold apd damp; but what have I to fear from cold 1 The gas light just reaches me. Quarto* past ten: Everything is ready; I take my bottle of poison. How strange! to think that those few drops will separate my soul from my body. Twenty minutes past ten: 'Tis done! I have swallowed the liquid! What is going on within me 1 I feel nothing but curiosity. The cafes below are gay; I hear them. Ah t Half past ten; Fear ful pains in my legs and back. My ideas are confused. The world is dis appearing from me. My childhood appears before me, mother,'"fflfther, all! Quarter to eleven: Sleep is overcoming me. The beginning of the end is at' hand. My legs are dead. Where is my soul? Will it wander from globe to globe through thousands of cen turies ? What matters ? I came into the world without thinking; I must leave it the same. Eleven o'clock: What do they say? The cold has reached my stomach. My head is heavy. I cannot see. Oh !• I should know ." There were a few words more, but they could not be deciph erered. Canal Scheme in Russia.—It was ever the- favorite idea of rPeter the Great to connect the Black and Cas pian Sea's. Science was not, however, sufficiently advanced in those days to enable the creator of the Russian em pire to carry his idea into execution. After his death, several useful plans were found in the Imperial archives; amongst others, the plan of connecting the two seas, which, undoubtedly, once formed one whole, sea. The union of the two seas is of infinite importance to Russia to strengthen the raturai line of defence on her southern boun dary, to enable her to run the fleets c'f the Azof and Euxine Seas into the Cas- j pian Sea, and, there unite for attack or defence, and also it will give her a new point of attack on Central Asia. It is calculated that 32,000 men can do this gigantic work in six years at a cost bf £16,200/)00, that is £2,000,000 less than %e cbst of the Suez Canal. Mr. Lorenzo Day married. Miss Lorenzo Week. The looai poet comments:— \- A day is made, s jreek is lost, • Bat time iihnald nDl complain; There'll soon be litti* days enough To make theweelc s§iin. - A uts died at St. Lome lately, and in < his will, alter stating that he berer forgot a fevor, leftlOOO dollars to an .individual who, ten yeire before/ito away with his Wife. ^ . I : . Printed and fubUthql toy WlUiwn genu Braine.jwla I Proprietor ?s the *" Gfcner*! Prints OfflCT; ! :n ,.j:if il .1, 