THE COMING COMET. (Saturday Review.) - NERVOUS people, as ifc is creditably stated, have been pat to great anxiety by the announcement which-recently appeared in the papers, that a . distin guished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards ns with amazing rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendenoy to deviation as though ifc were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaohing monstor from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed jnst as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers bave taken pains to explain that tliere is no such comet coming; that, if it were coming, it would be a very welcome visitor; and that we have already passed through a ooraofc; and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are, terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing- us of a lively pleasure. Have they not ia their boyhood-for oven astrono mers: have boen boys-r-snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish, imagination loves to people ttfe dim borders of ,iis! little world ? Would' ah vb'ody* willingly give up that delicious- feeling of superstitions awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? Astronomers have already takeu terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till his irapressiveuess has departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Eveu so the cornet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, .was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient charms, and to assure us that, same time or other, the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bnug about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, hisfellow-philoso \- phors found fault with souae of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period "dally with false surmise," and endea vour to return to the simple faith of a child.^ Let us imagine that the astro nomer has really prophesied our approaching fate,and that the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able; without the help of_ tele scopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow, slowly at first, but after wards with a rate of increase almost perceptible, to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with -the fiery portent. Night by uight we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be<brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The tem perature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during .which we shall be conscious of exces .sive heat will be brief indeed. The two. large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the. speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideouB collision. If we happen to be placed between two such anta gonists, we shall not have- time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawls amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from ex igence. On the other side of the world we shall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. We shall see the niountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, ani be ourselves sent spinning into space just the dust-to indulge in a humble simile 13 knocked ofi the under side of a car pet by the blows upon its upper sur face. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of fcbe earth, starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each boaring with it-so we shall remember on the faith of a president of the British Association-some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over jvgain t'.silt endless process bi evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may con- I template another alternative, and sup- i pose that we just miss the nucleus of ; the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate th# internal ice of tlw poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will bo left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be con verted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopu lated planet. Alas! we cannot,claim the eloquence which would bo necessary to do justice to such tremendous catas trophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming, might possibly be equal to the task of describing the complete rind instan taneous ruin of a world, but nature is not prodigal, she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture, which our readers must fill up .for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our winds if such a catastrophe ^ could really be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable that wo should reso lutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith eyen in mathematics, and we Bhould. insist upon our prophets pro phesying smooth things, even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surnrwnnted: If we were ail really convinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race, and its dwelliug-placo would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds ? The most natural supposition is, per haps, that the whole course of affiurs . would be thrown out of gear, and that wo should be reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeavour to awaken the consciences of the sinners around them ; whilst tho siu nera would become utterly reckless, and would remember that' there was uo use in keeping a cellar of wine to bo consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest; bub the question remains, how far it would bo ovorpowerod by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple vis inertia: in our old grooves. Alter a little time one would become more or less accustomed t'j tho prospect. One would feel that, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employments which have become necessary parts of our exist once. There are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted on taking- bis accustomed pill an hour before ho was hanged ; and, if we - were all under sentence of execution as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the inter vention of a comet-it is, perhaps, reasonable to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great ballc of mankind would aay, "It's all very well ; wo shall not want anything more after the 12th of August; but that is 110 reason why we should not have our regular meals and enjoy our newspapers at breakfast." 