ECHOES FROM THE BUSH. . ... ♦ — ? . - By Gkoffry Crabthobn. Didn't I tell you so? It is true I never expected that my pleonastic Parliament would be so ready to endorse their Geoffry'a predication touch ing their Brocrastinatinff Droclivlties. but it is plain that their respect for my opinion of their powers was such that they felt bound to act accordingly. Else why, when the Commissioner of Public Works came down to the House crammed as full of figures as the late Mr. Babbage's calculating machine, and demonstrated with mathematical method and algebraic eloquence the pressing neces sities of our Main Roads, did the House so promptly postpone the Bill for a month? Clearly because they recognised their peculiar functions, and saw that two ends were to be gained by breaking off in the middle. End the first: a vindication of their new art of legislation by putting urgent questions on the shelf; as 5, like new-made jam, they would settle' themselves there. End the second : the delight of re-debating the ques tion a few days after without any incon venient degree of responsibility— as they did under cover of Mr. Rogers' motion for an extra £50,000 for the roads, which was characteristically postponed likewise. I ob serve, by the way, that that sapient politician does not see why we should flinch from running into debt for road mainte nance. I cordially agree with him. I sadly want the road made by my place, and its turn will never come until the Road Board have unlimited means at their command. I con sider roads are to the country much what clothes are to the man. A coating of metal is to the one just what a coating of broad cloth is to the other. They keep up cir culation, they are constantly getting out of repair— in which case the adage anent a stitch in time applies equally to a stone— and they wear out with alarming rapidity. To complete the analogy it only needs Mr. Rogers' dictum that your Road BUI like your tailor's bill should never be settled. I commend this axiom to the consideration of the House when the adjourned debate comes on, and I am sure the good sense of members will recognise its force. Meantime, if these habits of postponing and redebating every question are to be kept up, the Parliament should get a suitable Executive to carry out the new policy, in which case I respectfully suggest the following amended titles:— 1\. The Chief Sectary— whose duty will be to ' cnt away' from every unpleasant topic. , 2\. The Leisurer— who will of course keep the Assembly from doing anything practical. 3\. The Returner-General— who will lead the House back to redebate old questions. 4\. The Commissioner in Gown and Bands— who will be always preaching and never per forming. 5\. The Commissioner of Public Shirks and Manager of Snail-ways. Our District Schoolmaster, who is evi dently a believer in Dr. Darwin's theory of development, and who has apparently been reading Court Hope's quaintly-written ' Paradise of Birds,' sends me a letter upon the long-talked-of clock for your new Post Office, my Adelaidean Public. Whatever other endowments this gentleman may be blessed with, he certainly possesses a vivid imagination. He bids as look forward to the time when the gradual development of the new Pott-Office, from the laying of the corner-etone by His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, to the inauguration and winding-up of the new clock by the Hon. the Commi»oDer of Public Worki, shall be a ' matter of colonial history. He also pictures a schoolroom of the future, where a worthy pedagogue is giving to a class of intelligent boys a metrical account of the interesting circumstances that occurred before the consummation of our hopes was reached. In the following extract the intelli gent reader [I don't mean you, my Public] trill trace the influence of the Darwinian hypothesis : — The Development of the Post-Office Clock. PEDAGOGUE. In that building obscure, not ordained to endure, which the folks the old Post-Office call There was much to annoy a man, woman, or boy from its vary inadequate Hall; While at mail times the rushing of those who came crushing for stamps for their letters or papers, Of whom half wanted chancre, a phenomenon strange, kept the over-worked clerks cutting \- capers. So jarred the old place, with its limited space, and Lewis tried hard to improve it, But at last the confusion induced the conclusion that Government ought to remove it. If you doubt what I state, just peruse th« debate, where a thousand analogies hint That members agreed the new works should proceed, and without any niggardly stint. As the building progressed, all the people con fessed that, to add to its beauty and power, It ought to aspire just a little bit higher— and this was the cause of the Tower. - Now the Tower, getting tired of thus being admired, up there in the sunshine and shower Its leisure would mock, with the hopes of a clock. ? CHORUS OF BOYS. Oh most horological Tower! J PEDAGOGUE. Then that Tower let us call the most_ foolish of all, for without any shame or contrition, He gave to the place a ridiculous face, a four sided rank imposition. CHORUS OP BOYS. # A four-sided rank imposition. PEDAGOGUE. Tes, made but to mock, with the face of a clock, . but minus the usual hands, And endowed with no tongue to proclaim right or wrong the drifting away of life's sands; But the animadversion and frequent insertion of letters addressed to the Press, Quite opened the eyes of the Tower,' so unwise as to get himself into this mess. And he saw in the distance the strife and resistance that must for a season take place, Ere the clock of his dream wou'd be reigning supreme o'er the stupid ridiculous face. So suspense he endured till at last he secured the aid of an eminent man, Who on his behalf challenged censure and chaffs and got the clock put on the plan. Then straightway were sent long .letters anent the clock for this city so loyal, To Professor Airy, whose answers were wary, as fits an Astronomer-Royal. But at last, after years of dejection and fears, the tower was adorned with a clock, And has managed to reach what it calls soul and speech, and has ceased to deceive or to mock. And the clock may aspire, like its virtuous sire to have some reward for its trials, And may open its eyed some fine morn in sur prise, on a circle of juvenile dials. CHORUS OF BOYS. A Circle of Juvenile Dials ! ' My man Simon is an inveterate politician, and, fulfilling the old aphorism of 'like master like man,' he wades laboriously through the Parliamentary debates. Being, nevertheless, no scholar, he is nowise par ticular as to questions of orthography — indeed, as he says himself, h« is too much used to hard work to care about spelling. This peculiarity accounts for his coming to me a few days ago in high indignation at the following statement in the Legislative Council report : — 'Ayes— Crozier, Morgan, ' Neales, Santo, Storrie teller.' . He was not quite clear whetherthe reporter's gratuitous imputation of falsehood applied to Mr. Santo only or to Messrs. Crozier, Morgan, and Neales as well. In the latter cause he supposed the printer had left out the final 'b' ; but he saw clearly, enough it was high time Mr. Boucaut's new Privilege Bill was passed. I congratulate you, my Public, on having secured the services of such an energetic administrator as the Hon. Treasurer. Not only does he win approval as a finished orator, ofttimes swaying the vexed Assembly to his will; not only does he shine con spicuously as a brilliant financier; but he now appears in an equally favourable light as Supervisor of Wharfs and Harbour Works. It is evident that no detail of his office, however trivial it may be, is deemed too insignificant for his attention ; no single duty is shirked, be it the compiling of a Budget, the inspection of our colonial defences — to wit, two rusty, dusty, fusty guns— or the tasting of mysterious mollusca. In this last capacity he seems to have been particularly happy at the Port last week, if 1 may judge from the following statement of the Hegisler: — 'The Government Yard was next in spected, and Captain Ferguson exhibited a large stone covered with oysters, which had been dredged from the inner bar. The Treasurer tasted one of these and pronounced it a 'real oyster.'' This flattering tribute to the solitary bivalve thus provided forhia delectation has naturally suggested the fol lowing verses: — Ye Poem of te Discontented Otsteb. An oyster reclined on a fragment of stone Bewailing its mournful fate. And murmuring forth in a dolorous tone These words which I now will relate. ' Oh happy was I in the depths ef the sea ! As I sat on my limestone rock. . Enclosed in my shell, from all jeopardy free, My enemies then I could mock. 'But sudden one morn came the dredging machixe . . Attacking the home of my'birtb. And bearing me up its dread clutches between With symptoms of horrible mirth. ' And here in this place was I cast in disdain To die in the sun or to rot, With no soothing sea-water to pity my pain Or mourn my unfortunate lot. ' Oh why was I ever sent into this world ? Oh what was my mission in life ? Oh was I ordained in this place to be hurled? Or am I to die by the knife t . ' Oh better the dredger had left me alone, To drag out my innocent days, All snugly ensconced on the fragment of stone Acquainted so well with my ways. ' But here in the sun on this rubbish-heap left I gaze on the pitiless sky; Of victuals deprived and of water bereft, I famiEh ! I faint ! and I die!' With that the poor oyster relied round in his shell. Preparing to give up the ghost, When he caught the quick eye of a Government swell Who lolled with his back to a post. He seized the young bivalve, inserted his blade, And very soon settled its fate; And then a respectful obeisance he Bade, And gave it the Treasurer straight. The Treasurer opened bis mouth pretty wide, A smite o'er his countenance stole. He gave a big gulp, it went down with a slide, He swallowed the oyster all whole. So the oyster whe often bis fate had denounced Wai destined to furnish a meal For the Treasurer who to the party pronounced The bivalve decidedly urtaV' Moral. Diaatafied members this lesson may learn, That fate is a very fairmeasurer, And some day it may be their fortune to earn Well merited prakc/rcia the Treafuitr. Aoti-Moral. V Per contra, dissatisfied members may frown At the Treasurer's action with fury, Thus ? to 'butter them up when he Blethers them down,' As the Counsellor did with the Jury. 