A FRENCHMAN'S VIEW OF ENG LISH RELIGION; The view here presented of certain phases of religious thought in England is taken from the remarkable series of letters which have been recently -con tributed to the Paris and London press by that brilliant French litterateur, M. Taine:— The more I reflect upon this confor mation of the English mind, on their habit of introspection, on this pre eminence of the moral being, this necessity for regarding nature through the eyes of the moral being from first to last;-the more clearly do I arrive at an understanding.of the strong and innumerable roots of that serious poem, which is here called religion. In order to comprehend with exactness its value and authority it is essential to distinguish two things—on the one hand the word- ing of the editor, on the other the sen- timent of the reader. This wording varies according to the views of the different sects—Quakers, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Unitarians, Anglicans, but that of the last is the most commonly accepted. And with reason, for the Church of England has on her side antiquity, her alliance with the State, her privileges, endowments, her Bishops seated in the House of Lords, her preponderance in the uni versities, her mean position between two extremes, between the faith, the dogma, and the spirit of the Puritans, and the faith, the dogma, and the spirit of the Roman Catholics. In the first place she is an old and legal compro- niise,and this suits the majority, which everywhere loves compromises, wil- lingly follows tradition, and is obedient to the law. Moreover, she is rich, she is a power in the State, she has ties among the aristocracy, she has good connections, she is one of the organs of the Constitution, and, in virtue of all these titles, she finds favor among statesmen, among Conservatives, among men of the world, among all those who wish to be considered respectable. To crown all her Prayer Book is very beautiful, her services are noble and impressive, her conduct is semi-tolerant, she permits some play to the free judg- ment of the individual. Thus accre dited she proposes and imposes her version, and it may be said that this version is generally admitted. There are three distinct parties in this State Church: one, which is the more aris tocratic, leans more upon authority, . has the greater fondness for ritual, is called the High Church j the other, .which is more popular, more ardent,, more eager to make conversions iand renovate the heart, is called the Low Church party. Both of them, being rather narrow and inflexible, leave scope for the operations of a Liberal party, the Broad Church, which in cludes the minds which are" the most eminent and conciliatory, and the best qualified for reconciling science and faith.- Thanks to the latter party, the gulf which separates lay thought from ecclesiastical .tradition has ceased to be mpassable. > Among several other polemic and dogmatic treatises, I have just read Alford's "Greek Testament," oue of the most authorised commentaries on ?the Scriptures. He does not go so far as the German critics; his historical judgment is burdened by foregone con ?elusions, yet his concessions are suffi ciently large to satisfy common sense. According to him the Evangelists are not in perfect accord^; sometimes even, more especially as regards chronology, they contradict each other. " This is because they were not-mere' speaking trumpets, channels of the Holy Ghost, but Bimple, holy men inspired by it." They had common materials from.which ?to write, to wit, tradition and sotrie: .imperfect texts, but these materials were " subject to all the varieties of diction, arrangement, omission, and addition, which a narrative admits of when it is the offspring of several indi vidual minds and several different places." Each narrator, according to the nature, the defects, and the compass of his information, his memory, his imagination, and his left sentiment, mark upon it. The whole ib true, but it is true as a whole only. Now, be tween the divine kernel and the human covering, the dividing point is not clear; each person may cut off more or less, and even in the Church itself many persons cut off a large portion. According to Dean Stanley j being a Christian does not consist in believing in particular events in the life of Jesus, in particular dogmas revealed by Jesus, but in Jesus himself, in the moral and religious spirit with which the Gospels are inspired. He explains the gift of tongues in the same way as M. llenan. He admits, like the German theolo gions, that the Gospels, such as we have them, were composed long after the epistles of Saint Paul. His com ments on these Epistles are in the Btyle of modern criticism, being marked by the details, the judgment, the indepen dent and piercing forecasts, which now a-days distinguish a comment on Dante or Pascal. He depicts Corinth^ with its sea and its temples, after Pausanias, after the reports of travellers, after the experience of his own travels. He ex hibits Saint Paul dictating to Sosthenes,' a disciple who sits beside him and who stops him every now and then to re mind him of an omission. " "We can imagine tbat the letter to which Saint Paul replied was unrolled before him in such a manner tbat he could see at a glance the difficulties suggested,'raise objections in turn, sometimes3 citing them in the very words employed, and sometimes in his own language." He effectively describes and explains Saint Paul's style-a style as powerful and wonderfM as the matter itself; .a style jerky and forced, owing to the interior emotion, wholly composed of outbursts or of rough fragments of thoughts leap-1 ing and clashing like pieces of lava amid flame and smoke ;? he likens it in some respects to that of Thucydides,! better still to that of Cromwell. He shows the Hebraic temperament and Oriental imagination of the Apostle, I apropos of which he recalls the state of mind characteristic of the Prophets and the Psalmists, and he goes the length of pointing out the relics of.a similar form of mental exaltation among the Mahometan dervishes. In short, according to him, in order to under stand the era of .the Evangelists it is necessary above all to form a concep tion of enthusiasm and of the scenes of enthusiasm such as formerly occurred among the Puritans, and may now be found in the " shoutings " of Ame rica. * Mr. Jowett carries criticism further still. "When reading the New Testament he puts the common version on one side, and takes that of Lach man, the first being to the second what the Sophocles and Thucydides of the Eeviva are to those ofDindorf and of Becker, or what the- " Pensees" of Pascal, published by the Port-Eoyal, are to the same"" Pensees" edited by M. Leigere. _ The faith of the early Christians "did not . exactly resemble ours. " They believed that the end of the world and the second coming of Christ were at hand;" transported with their conversation they lived in a species of "ecstacy;" their faith was simple and child-like, "it was the belief of men who did not try to pene trate tho designs of Providence, and who had never dreamed about the: perspectives of the future ; it .was the sentiment of men who thought about the coming of Christ as we think about the return of a lost friend, many of them having seen him upon earth, and being unable to believe that he had been taken away for ever." Re- garding the outside only, and from the world's point of view, they left the impression which would now be made by a sect of Dissenters, poor dreamers whom the men of the world would con- sider fanatical,narrow-minded,eccentric and even dangerous. Their language bears, marks of their mental disposition. The words justice, faith, charity are much more vague as used by Saint Paul than by us; they correspond to a more excited frame of mind, to a less definite play of ideas. When he says that Adam's sin is imputed to us, he is moved by an outburst of passion, he writes in the style of the Hebrews ; this merely means "that we are all as one man by the community of our evil nature," and by this community, and not otherwise, are we all united in Adam's transgression. The excitement and the imagination of the Apostle and the Oriental are manifested by his fre quent use of "very nearly," and his figures of speech are not formulas. When he speaks of "redemption and sin offering, he alludes to a Jewish custom. Between this , stormy and inspired spirit, which comes out of the Synagogue, speaks in ejaculations, thinks in blocks, and the lucid, exact discursive modern intellect, which separates and follows, one by one, the mass of precise ideas, the difference is enormous. It would be absurd, and horrible in addition, to elevate local metaphors into philosophical doctrines. The reader sees for himself the conse- queuces of principles like these—to wit, the advent of philology, of criti- cism, of psychology, the renovation of theology, the transfiguration of dogma. The effect of this is visible already. Distinguished men, historians, clergy men, have resigned their positions in the "University and in the Church because their consciences no longer assented to the Thirty-nine Articles. Bishop Colenso, of Natal, when ques- tioned by converts about the Old Testa- ment, and asked to pledge his word of honor that it was all true, fell into deep reflection, began to study the subject, read the German explanations, and ended by publishing a book which relegated the Biblical stories to the rank of myths. One of my friends, who is very well informed, estimates that out of twenty-four bishops there are four who favor the liberal criti- cisms emanating from Oxford; more over, these find support among a large number of influential and respected laymen, who approve of them. The modern spirit filters through other fissures—by geology and natural his- tory—of which the English have great aptitude, by the experimental psycho- logy which they have always cultivated. In truth, an Englishman chiefly loves demonstrated facts, either external or internal—the incontestable and exist- ing facts of which everyone can at any moment gain experience either within him or without. This disposition may give birth to theories and even to a system of philosophy, to theories like those of Lyell, of Huxley, of Darwin, and of Tyndall; to a philosophy like that of J. S. Mill and Herbert Spencer; and, where such a taste predominates, it leads the mind towards one of the forms of positivism, and indeed, under diverse forms, especially among men of science, positivism is no rarity here. 