f'PEEPING TOM" AND HAMLET. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSIBALAPLUST. M 'Tifl sport to .have the engineer hoist with his own petard/'-HAMLET. 1 Sir,.-As a backer of horses, anijl a consider* able loser by having followed "reepipg Tom's" advice, from (iAie to time'given in your, co lumns, I took the liberty lately to bring him- to book for (l ean find bo better term tp use) his *' cheek " in crowing about Hamlet after his recent victories at Rand wick. It's all; very fide for "Peeping Tom" to brag about having suffered no monetary loss, but if he had to pay some of my losses, he might not be so self-satisfied. I '.complain, aud with, j reason, that the paid turf contributor of The. \ Australasian knew, nothing about Hamlet's form between the A.J.G. and V.R.C. Spring Meetings. I believe that he never saw the bolt do a gallop, and he was not justified in writing in The Australasian of November 4, which came out On the day of the race, " Of the Derby horses, Hamlet is the observed > of all observers. The easy way in which he carries his weight alongside of Tomahawk convinces me that he is all there, and that he will carry off the bine riband withoat diffi culty." .1 The cases of the Buck and The Barb are in no way siinilar to. Hamlet's. The Buck did plenty of work before his Champion, and was hearty and well, full of life and vigour; but he suffered from attacks of chronic rheu matism. This information I had from the 'owner of the Busk himself, * but no doubt " Peeping Tom" will deny its correctness. I have knowta men similarly affected- one day able to ran a mile in good time, the next scarcely able to crawl across a room. The 'Barb was also in good form. before he ran his Champion in 5m. 38s.; but, owing to the 'adamantine state of the turf at the time, from !a long spell of dry weather, he was as footsore as could be, and could scarcely hobble; when ,be got warmed up he went all right, but his feet were in anything bat a good state. Hamlet, on the other hand, had gradually gone off after |the A.J.C. meeting; he bad lost condition, was overmarked, was quite stale and overdone, land required rest and most skilful manage ment instead of work. The greatest fault a trainer can be guilty of, as "Peeping Tom" i well knows, is to overdo a horse. Hamlet, when he started for the V.R.C. Derby, was totally unfit to race. I see that "Peeping ; Tom " insinuates that this condition of Ham ' let's was intentional on Mr. Dowling's part I also find he states that Mr. Dowling apprised his friends that Hamlet was a stone better horse than he was at Randwick. Now, this latter statement I don't believe. I had one or two conversations with Mr. Dowling myself, duriDg which Hamlet was incidentally men tioned, and he was very careful, I noticed, in not speaking highly of his colt; and a few days before the V.RC. Meeting I guessed pretty well, from Mr. Dowling's remarks, that the colt was not near so well as was supposed, and I was not surprised when I saw "the ghost of Hamlet," not Hamlet himself, try to raise a gallop. Yet " Peeping Tom," in his issue of Nov. 4, wrote as above. I notice, also, that in the remarks of " Playboy" and " Pieping Tom " that spread over the interval between the A.J.C. and V.R.C. meetings, the information given respecting Hamlet is very indirect, as if obtained secondhand, and not from actaal observation. That any one with " Peeping Tom's " long experience, and who had kept racehorses half a century, should not smell a rat under the-circamstancee, is extraordinary. Why, Sir, I , who never owned more than a donkey in my life should have suspected there was something up.- It is an axiom at New market and other training'grounds-when a horse shirks his work, or does it on the sly, there's something to conceal. Doing work on the sly is always resorted to for one of two purposes-either to keep a good' thing dark, or a bad thing darker. It speaks volumes in favour of "the.devernet8" {l) of the touts here, that Hamlet's real state iras 89 long kept dark from thiem, and that for some weeks before the Derby 6 to 4 and 2 to 1 were laid on him. In .England* the touts would have found him out very soon. Bat there they believe their own- eyes only, not any tittle tattle nonsense- that is picket} up about the betting haunts. The richest part of " Peeping j Tom's letter is that where hie says Morrison told him be''thought^ he could:win after %he rode the trial gallop. I wonder ".Peeping Tom" did ?iot ask Mr. Dowling what he " thought," also. JW>at,d°08 "Peeping Tom" "think" now that Morrison "thought then ? Jockeys'realthpughts are often yery valuable, but they do not generally vgive .them /or nothing, ..or .to every inqni^tive V Peeping Tom" that is quizzing about stables and training grounds. I conclude that " Peeping Tom" is getting older, perhaps he may get wiser also, bat if be does it mil be by trusting morfe to what he sees than to, what othere "think." He "thinks" th^t "Augurs^ remarks .and those, of " Hamlet's. Ghost emanated from the. same pen. Its imma terial which way he thinks, mitt like Morrison, he f»wr think wrong j aud as he has got it rather hot lately from . yourself, Mr. Editor, "and * "Augut,'r and .* Orange Blossom,V -I, tWill Jwverhim to ruminate on '?'the strange Jnotoiilfltrafifas " of human as 'well as 5or8ey llIe. Hla " thoughts" may ihenbeof value to (himself, whim his tips seldom wetto to others. - ' . . . ' In oonolaiton, I repeat it is a fact,, that can be proved on the mo4t unimpeachable evidence, that " Peeping Tom," in a public place 'in Melbonrhe, in presence of several witnesses. , wid within two hours .of the Kandwiok leger being, ran, gave Ms now celebrated tip gratis, asfollowa Leger1-Javelin. > :r_ DoubleforLeger&Cup-Javelinand; Javelin. But it turns out now thiathe baoked Hamlet hiB>self, and put his friends ipto that place he has so often put me before^-,4the hole. I did not think you wereqniteso "meanand maliebKnt." .'Peeplng Tom. - i-Youn, ? ] ? ' >>"J OHQST. 