.*,., ..:. ;: * If,, eiEAs i.^QOSO ;. ,.'-; : .... * Plrvprios?iCs~S3, pr,otpt discriinina.rcrsm. .....u i nt( ' ~.lpll; .i.294.. Every day' more: instiances. arlso. showing I how, asily. persons, are deceived. 'The-most terrible, ghost stories of years back,. vouched j for by the most .oleiin.cerl.ificates, havw iuw e died 6tt,.nld.it,wouild.seeim, that. deceptions in tho s!hape of spliritualiatic plienoinem have take.tbohir place. Granted.tint there is sucb a thing as Spiritism, how great: muust be the sinsmber of te decceive,(;.aud. how miany. there ' ara who, i amiiiainer. whic,.would put. even I J.istice Credulous. to. the blubl, believe the veriest ruport.of anythings oxtraordinarvy,for getting that: proof' i nIecessary,. aid'; the anmount of exaggratitou iwlich atteuds. all these affairs. But theru is.no doubt tliatthis. attaa of things will always exist in, somo.de- t gree. It is.uot so long ago (ui the year 17.12). that n .old..voman, by iimuo Jaini We'UhamI, I wa*, ill I-ercford, found guilty.and, condensjed to.death, ou.the evideuce of. no less.than sizx tpen witnesses (of whomi tlirce wure clergy oe1n), for, the cri e of:" .coinvsi,?itig finiliarly with tio. devilin the fbrm. of a.cat."' T.w.o out of, the sixteen sojemnly, winre that they had heard thll prisoneir, in thlo shape of a catl Canversing with tlu E]vi! One, also. in the form of poor pss. lhe ojudge, however, who tried the unlhrtnuuate woman fobr tlrhis impos sible olteue, procured her pardon. Hero two liersons. actually had heard; t.wo feline speci, iens. speak;. aud secondly, they wore sure that one was,.tlhe.said:J.ane Weinham and the (thor nas, the dbvil. Though an afltiri like thlieisould ,iot bie creited. iu tlhese days, still thero are many who believe they, have had.the privilege of conversing with Oliver Cromwell, uther, and several other gotables in the spirit. ]t wauld:be well fbr the reader to.know t)hat for manly of the incidents, &c.;,I dish up for his Friday. morning's eutertainment L am indebted to certain of my friends. It will aot, therefore, be surprising that there are soime letters which sihadw tu'rtlh tile Ieculi irities of their writers to Miith a degree that it would divest, the subject ot' mnuch of. its interest were I to put the, matter contained in them in.my oWvn worus. It is thereforo with this object that. 1 shall friom time to time insert a febw letters of this, description as they come to hand. I need not, say. that the names at tbo foot of tll eommuniciationsa will be fictitiou.s, but tlhe iiutials will always be the same as thoseu f' the coirrepondents, in ordedr tp shlow 1 ain. not, ungratcful for the epistle with which dhe favours 1use. The fol lowing I givue a a isamlulo of these peculiar, letters : sin,--I mn neitler youig inor, ilarrid; theretore onu will rightly presumed hi ii. an. old liuihaelor.. I Woiuld ilevite y'or aittelliioil to what I conbider, to li a very objti.tiionble custom attelldaut on tile f?stiv svs sonui l X.s1111. Yp?u mustkliowAthat,tlhquglh I am in comfortable circumstances I have several pests whieh, to moy not very good temper, are very irritating. The one I now reer. to is-Xmars Boxes; Xmas Bores I call them, Not that I object to give a gratuity to those who deserve it. To the postloy uy half-crown or 5s. is alhways at his service when the day of Boxing apipronches. But a solicitation on no grounds whatover is what I object to. Now, 'twas but a few weeks ago-the day after Boxing I)a y-that it young urchin presented himiself at my ialrse lnd asked ihr " a box." I hacl never to my re'ollection seen the boy before, but his reason was tbecause he had brought back a cat which he had idced up in the street and asked imo if it was the Onu I lost. Sir, I had lost no ealt. I hate catsl I niecd not add that I refused his unnatural request. I; was not half-a:llhoulr belore two others made a ;imilar application-because,. forsooth, they had ound ia tolskey--".the one, you know, we picked. oat of the creek two.months ago." Now, monkeys are smy abhorrence, and. I would not possse one for the world. (it coorso I gave thens sothitng. Now, Sir, I wotid haveo a rule established that only they sel attend to yenr wants every day or so ire on titled to ani Xnas.ltox. It is n posthoy's.occupation to deliver letters-it is not an urchin's to pick tip lromisclluue cas e a a d decomlposed ollnkoys,. "out ol the creek," in hopes of a reward. By-thi-bye, is it not Livy who. says:--"Nilil non -aggrersuros Iomaines si nagis. cosatis nsagna prcmnsla.propo-. untur "?, lwhlich I, would translatt.Le. Give on.' good rcward, nnd you may get as many cats and monkeys s you lilke." This is nota very literal translation, but you will see that the. classics are still in the onmory of your. humble servant, TITUs FLI.NT. ltichmotsd, lirJan. The recent hot weather. is to blame-for the following:r-A gentleman living somne 200 miles from Melbourne took the opportunity of a friend.going: down by the coach to send his brotlter-minlaw. some game, several wild turkeys being among, the lot. Carefully packed, he thought that they would arrive "just a. little high;, you. know, but all the better for that." The hot-wind ctame on, as we all know, for several days last week; and without going further, I may as well at once say that the birds got a little high in sraneilu. Nay, more than that, some of the passengers I am told did aver in forcible language that the package emitted what they called "?a foul stench." HIowever, next day the Jparcel was openedi and. the game was found to be some. thing mnore than "a little high ;" in fict, it was qpite "gone," and the contents were thrown away or buried, I know not which. However, the following was the letter con. veying the thanks to the absent kind. one: DEAR Ba?ornsa,--Thank you for the birds. Are you sure you're a dead shot, and, that you killed thoea?: W\lhen they arrived here they were very lively-the., nearls walked to, the fireplace. Again thanking you, and in hotshaste, I am, yours truly, J. G0-. Very many went to seed (Siedo) on the occasion of the complimentary concert to that talented gentleman oil Saturday night, for ano of the largest audiences ever assembled in the Town-hall witnessed it. It would be hlurdto.dintinguishwlohiclwns tho 'f gatn of the evening,". for in a collectiori of so iany Iprecious.stores it is diflicult to choose. How ovgr,,to.my thinking, Mrs. Cutter's singing of "Swost H.ome," and "Oh, take me to thy heart again," and the playing of Mliss Sehil. ler, w.ore especially enchanting. The duet by Misses Rosins and Fannio Carandini, "Tel Ituitenti," was. particularly worthy of the encore it provoked. To-morrow (Saturday), a concert by the members of Lyster's English Opera. Comspany will, be given,' under the auspices of the Early Closing Association. With the New Yeara now thing-at least new, to this. colony, though long .known at Ithoms-has started. A. gentleman, it seems, has establishedwlhat lie calls a "Matrimonial Bureau." in town. The objects of it are, he states, to. supply " a meaus through which ladies and gentlemnou can be honourably brought into.communication.' .The proprie toris.ev.icdently a, philosopher, for hlie says " Outside the ballroom, the concert, or the thisatro.tjiere is.little chance of introduction, whilst tho.truly, modest and retiring are un noticed and unulown." I have at the pre. sent moment a Loudon, paper before me, in wvhieh an. advertisement appears which states tlhat. for 13.stam t?s." tiherenowned astrologer" will forward a correct lilkeness.of, future bus. band or wife, his or her name, profession or trade, and the date of marriage. However, ,to do this the.astrologec must have forwarded to htim the height, ago, colour of eyes and hair of the anxious inquirer. Also, a little ifarther, up..inuthe same column, short persons are informed that by means of " it remarkable Iphtysiological discovery," they can "increase in..height .nud.synmmetry of. figure ;' while one still farther up states that " the great seer will reveal your future " for six tamps. How many devices there are for extracting money I But our friend of the Matrimoniai Bureau does not go.in for this kind, of thinE \--his is a mere matrimonial agency, similut to those eatablishled" in London and severs. towns in?Englaud. 