EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual conference beld in Chicago at the University, on Cottage Grove avenue, were lately thrown into a terrible state of excitement. To understand the situation, it is to be known that the cbmmitiee of reception, in order to accommodate the nearly 1,500 delegate? expected, -Were driven to every expedient td provide" for tbeir entertainment. Among the other ways and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend stfrangere were con signed to the hospitality of Sie University. I The boarding department of this institu-1 fion is under the care of the Rev. W. W. Smith and his efficient wife, who, being good Baptists' themselves* * felt only too happy to minister to the comfort of half a hundred ministers—but where to deposit them of nights was a grave ,'and difficult question. The matter was' mastered, however, by Mrs. Smith with her well known energy, who ordered the large chapel in the upper part of the building to be cleared out, and despatching messengers hither and thither afrer beds, bedding, towels, chairs, <fcc., soon transformed the appearance of the room into that of a country tavern in fair time. Fifty beds were made on the floor, and five nights passed by and the brethren were happy. Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to their quarters and pre pared to retire for the night, little dreaming of the calamity overhanging them. The night passed. It was about half-past 4 o clock in the morning that an " early bird" began to think about the worms. Half-asleep, he felt about in the accus tomed place for his pants—they were gone; his vest and coat were also missiog. Nothing was to be found. The unhappy coniused man sits up in bed, and is puzzled to know what has happened to him. Has he been robbed ? Has anybody been murdered f Gradually these thoughts passed through his mind and flashed upon him. Then he looked around. Where are Brother B.'sclothes ?—gone! Brother T.'s big boots?—gone! Where are all the pieces ot clothing usually adorning I the chairs and tables about the room ? gone .'—gone 1—not a vestige remaining. The frightened minister, with screams of alarm, shouting "Robbers! Thieves' Burglars !" sprang from his bed, and soon the whole fifty were made aware of the doleful situation. The scene that followed beggars description—indeed, forbids de tails. The fifty unclothed rushed hither and thither in the excitement of the moment, vainly seeking something they could not find. Considerable amount of money, railroad tickets, watches, &c.; were gone, and consternation dire sat upon every brow. One could not but have pitied these distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughed at their embarrass ment would have been impossible—it wSs ludicrous.in the extreme. A single white garment was the entire of their individual J attire, with a very few exceptions. It looked like a lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in the early dawn. Here there could be seen a preacher with one boat on—only that and nothing more. Another rushing around, dress as above-mentioned with the addition of a tall black hat, and some only the addition of a necktie. Some wrapped a sheet about them and strode solemnly up and down the room, adding greatly to the ghostly, ghastly, and ridic ulous appearance of the scene. " How shall we ever get home ?" savs one. J Oh, dear me, what will my wife say when she hears about this?" says another. In the mean time the startling news of this sacrilegious burglary had spread through the buildinjr, and professors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathise, and devise way and means of dressing the unfortunates. All were in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enough and vests big enough for that number of ministers could hardly be found in a moment. At this instant a discovery was an nounced. A pile of clerical cut garments □ad been found in the University chapel —a number of boots under the stairs. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled souls—rt was a college trick. The room had bpen entered in tho niffht bv some mischievous students, who had played the practical joke upon the reverend gentle men. When the news was made known and the prospect of recovering their lost property—of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments—such a shout of laughter went up as never fifty Baptist ministers shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for all parts of the building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, hats, coats pants, &c.; The ladies boarding in the budding prudently retired to their'rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministers could be seen exploring every nook and comer where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted. The search was in the main successful, and when our reporter left everything lost, but a simple coat, bad been recovered. No money, or watch, or other valuables had been purloined.— ■New York Gazette. 