SYDNEY TO WATTLE FLAT AND BACK. [ FROM A CORRESPONDENT ] AUSTRALIANS IN A SNOW STORM. Left Sydney by 5.10 p.m. train on Thursday, October 3rd ; arrived at Bathurst, 3.30 a m. on Friday. The latter part of journey, viz., from Macquarie Plains, about eleven miles, being done by coach, and through heavy rain. After enjoying a seat by a comfortable fire at host Phillips, and an excellent cup of coffee and breakfast, although very much inclined for sleep, still I felt ready for the coach (which was to leave Bathurst for Wattle Flat at half-past 5), the rain still falling very heavily. Whilst waiting for the coach, and wishing the rain to holdup, at least until my journey was ended, I noticed what appeared very extraordinary (I am an Australian, having been born in Sydney), but on calling the attention of a friend, and fellow passenger, and one who came from Old England, he told me that although it might seem strange to me, it was nothing unusual where he came from, and on my asking for an explanation, he told me that I now beheld a regular snowstorm. I could hardly credit it, but such was the case, for my expressions of surprise brought out all the other passengers from the snug warm room, where they were quite comfortable, and I had plenty of testimony to confirm my friend's statement. There is no mistake about it, I was pleased, because here I was (as I said before, a native Australian), after reading grand descriptions of snowstorms in the old country, and wishing to have my eyes gladdened with such a sight, and even journeying amongst the mountains in winter for that purpose, but in vain, now actually without even thinking of snow, let alone looking for it, having it before my gaze. I could not control my expression of pleasure, which seemed to amuse the old fogies, who were well used to such sights. By this time the coach (one of Cobb and Co.'s) came up, and I was compelled to laugh heartily (I could not possibly help it) at the strange appearance the driver presented to my astonished gaze. Only fancy, my fellow Cornstalks, a huge, good-tempered fellow, in what at first had been an immense great coat, black, but now turned white ; he would have made a splendid ghost in the early morning gloom— only I fancy ghosts are not quite so solid. I never met one, so cannot speak positively on that subject. However, we had to take our places, and started about half-past 5 a m. for Wattle Flat, the snow still falling. I am at all times fond of having a seat on the box alongside the driver, but I must confidently confess that on the present occasion, it was a sight to see the way. I cleared all observations in my way, and seemed like an acrobat, in my anxiety to be first inside the coach. By this time the snow was falling very heavily, and the further we got from Bathurst the heavier the snow storm got. We stopped on the plains to take up two lady passengers, who wished to go to Sofala, and one of them was so determined to go, that she said she would ride on the box rather than be left behind, as she had a relative (her mother I believe) sick at Sofala. We made room for them with great pleasure, but had to brush a great quantity of snow off them before they were comfortable, as they had been waiting with out any shelter, exposed to the storm before the coach came up. At the first public-house on the way, although the coach stopped, no one had the least wish to get out, the storm being fearfully heavy, and the ground being covered pretty thick, the trees also being heavily loaded with it ; in fact it was now so heavy, some of the passengers wished they had stopped in Bathurst ; and although I was well pleased with the snow at starting, I had now arrived at a verdict and that was, I was having too much of a good thing, and this in fact was the opinion of all. The exiting part of the journey now commenced, as the snow proved too heavy for many of the trees, and heavy branches were falling in all directions, even across our road, or what appeared to be our road, as none could be seen, and the wonder to us was, how the driver could find his way. Our eyes were fairly tired now : snow on the ground, on the trees, fences, hay stacks, in fact everywhere, and to mend the matter, and make things more exciting, the horses would seem to take turns in falling down, not because of their bad condition, because they were splendid cattle and driven by a careful and first-class driver, one of Cobb and Co.'s best drivers (I regret that I have forgotten his name), but because the snow hid the logs and hollows, and they could not all be avoided. My English friend now assured me, that although he had seen many snow storms, this beat all—it was positively fearful. The driver at times had to clear the snow off the roof of the coach it gathered so fast, and increased the danger of capsizing. My English friend was naturally more anxious than any of us, as only a few weeks before he was capsized in the same road and broke his collar bone. He does not live many yards from the office his collar bone. I did not at all like leaving my nice dry seat and have to jump out in the snow, to help with the horses when any little accident happened ; but it had to be done and I got used to it at last. So much so, that when we stopped to change horses, I commenced my maiden game of snowballing, and as I was the first to throw at my fellow passengers, I could not complain if they returned it, and as the odds were at times at least 3 to 1 against me, I must confess I put much more than I gave, and had to beat a retreat. At this stopping-place the people had rolled two immense snow balls, and I endeavoured to roll one of them down the hill, but only succeeded in sending it a few yards, it surprised me to see the quantity it gathered as it moved, so much so, that at last I could not move it. During this time the horses had been changed, and off we went again, but had not gone far before the driver had to get down, and clear the road of branches which had fallen and obstructed our way. We soon all had to turnout (except the two ladies) and walk up the celebrated Wyagden mountain. This was a dreary and dirty walk, as every now and then seeing what appeared to be a firm part in the road, I would step on it, and have the pleasure (?) of slipping off a log or stone amongst the snow. I very soon got tired of it, and was very thankful when the top of the mountain was reached, although before I took my seat in the coach, I took time to admire the grand scene before me. Fancy looking from the top of a very high mountain, and as far as the eye could reach, everything appeared one mass of snow. It was a sight never to be forgotten. After crossing Wyagden, we appeared to travel gradually down hill ; and, after a great mount of shaking, and many narrow shaves of being capsized, by the very great care exercised by our driver, we arrived at Wattle Flat at half-past 11 o'clock, tired, cold, and hungry, and not at all backward in taking something warm to keep out the cold. The first thing that drew my attention on reaching Wattle Flat was an immense snowball, or I might more properly call it a hill or bank of snow, at least 8 feet high. It seemed to me that after rolling it until it could not be moved, the diggers had amused themselves by piling it up on top, until it reached that great height. Business seemed quite suspended, unless the business of snowballing, and that was brisk enough, as everyone seemed anxious for his neighbour to give him a crack, so that an excuse could be got for giving a score in return. REEFS AND MINING PROSPECTS. After having dinner, and the snow having ceased falling (a heavy gale of wind now sprung up) I took a turn amongst a few of the reefs in the immediate neighbourhood of where I expected to stay for the night. Amongst others, I went down the shaft of the celebrated Comet, The manager was very obliging, and came down with me, showing me how the reef dipped, and explaining to me how he intended carrying on the works. They have some very good stone at grass, and the manager showed me some very nice specimens. They are now putting down their permanent shaft, and it is being done in a very creditable manner. I also visited the Rock claim, and they have opened out, and show several gold-bearing veins, and have some good stone at grass. They also are getting on nicely with their permanent shaft. Another claim close to, and in fact adjoining the Rock, has just commenced, and is getting up good stone. It is to be called, I believe, the Bell Rock, but is not in the market yet. They are sending a ton of stone to Sydney to be crushed. The Baron Rothschild close by, has a splendid shaft going down. It is now down a great depth. I also visited the British Empire, and the way they are putting their permanent shaft down is something to look at. It is a very credible piece of work, and the manager and his men should feel proud of their work. One new claim, not yet in the market, I think called the Fire King, is getting good stone, and will be sending a ton to Sydney in a few days to be crushed. I saw some splendid surface stone taken from a lease, I think the owners said it was to be called The Rocket. It is something extraordinarily rich. I am not able to give any further information as to the intentions of the owners of the Rocket. Being nearly tired out, after having tea, I was glad to retire to bed ; the heavy gale still blowing, and kept on all night, cleared off most of the snow by morning, although the ground was very sloppy and dirty. After breakfast, on Saturday, had a good ramble, revisiting some of the claims, and back to Mr. Ray's Hotel again, to dinner, having just comfortably finished which, I was ready to take my place in the coach (which then came up) for Bathurst, leaving Wattle Flat at about half-past 1 p.m., and, after the usual shaking, reached Bathurst at dusk on Saturday night. After being refreshed with a wash and comfortable tea, strolled out for a couple of hours to see Bathurst by night, and gaslight. Bathurst is a very pretty place, good buildings and plenty of trade seemed to be doing. I have no doubt Sydney people will very often visit Bathurst when the railway is complete, especially when they know that they can leave Sydney on Saturday afternoon, spend all day Sunday in Bathurst, and be in Sydney on Monday morning by 7 o'clock. On Sunday visited Kelso, and had a walk round the outskirts of Bathurst. By the way, Mr. Webb's mansion and grounds, and his business premises in town, are worth going to see. I left Bathurst at 8.30 p.m., Sunday, and reached Sydney, on Monday, at 7 a.m., after a short but pleasant and busy journey. 