IRELAND. \- . . . i ' CONSECRATION OE THE MOST REV. DR. MOHAN. From the Freeman's Journal, March 6 Yesterday the Most Rev. Patrick Francis Moran, D!D., was consecrated Coadjutor Lord Bishop of Ossory, by his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, in the pre sence of a large number of prelates of the Irish Church, a crowded assemblage of the clergy, and a vast congregation, who filled every part of the Cathedral set apart for the laity. If was, indeed, a, grand and solemn sight, and one calculated to show the majesty and dignity of the national and deathless faith which lives to:day, frill of healthy 'life and vigor, while the State religion for which it was proscribed, persecuted and oppressed, languishes in all the infirmities of premature old age and imbecility. The old faith, though tried in the fire of relentless persecu tion for ages, comes forth with the freshness' of eternal youth to re-build that which had been laid waste, and to sow the seeds of virtue, holiness, and peace in .he places made desolate on the path of the destroyer. The ceremonies of yesterday, which gave an illustrious Prelate to the ancient diocese of Ossory to aid the venerable Metropolitan of that extensive and most important district, who has grown old and feeble in his Divine Master's service, were most impressive and were observed with all the pomp and splendour of ritual observance befitting the solemn occasion. The spacious sanctuary and the altar platform were richly carpeted, and the seats for the Prelates and clergy were . covered with crimson cloth. The high altar was splendidly decorated with flowers, interspersed with numerous wax- lights, and the altar of the prelate elect in south aisle was most tastefully adorned. The embellishments of the altars and sanctuary were executed with great taste an din the most generous manner by Mr. John Burke, of Sackvillc-street. The cere monies commenced at ten o'clock by the procession entering the Church from the side chapel of. St. Kevin, headed by cross bearer, acolytes, and thurifer. First came the students of Holycross College, Clonliffe, walking two and two, then the clergy in the same order wearing soutanes and surplices, and then the following prelates attended by their chaplains : — The Most Rev. Dr. M 'Evilly, Lord Bishop of Galway. The Most Rev. Dr. Gilooly, Lord Bishop of Elphin. The Most Rev. Dr. Conroy, Lord Bishop of Ardagh, \- The Most Rev. Dr. Whelan, Lord Bishop of Bombay. The Most Rev. Dr. Conaty, Lord Bishop of Kilmore. The Most Rev. Dr. Dorrian, Lord Bishop bf Down and Connor. The Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Lord Bishop of Meatli. The Most Rev. D. Butler, Lord Bishop of Limerick, The Most Rev. Dr. Walshe. Lord Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin. The Most Rev., Dr. Moran, Lord Bishop Elect of Ossory, attended by The Most Rev. Dr. Lynch, Coadjutor Lord Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, and ' The Most Rev. Dr. Furlong, Lord Bishop of Ferns; the Assistant Prelates. The Most Rev, Dr. Leahy Lord Archbishop of Cashel, and His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin, the Prelate Celebrant, and then the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral. The procession having entered the sanctuary, his Eminence was conducted to the Episcopal throne, where he assumed his robes. Amongst the clergy present were: — Very Rev. Mgr. O'Connell, Dean of Dub lin ; Very Rev. Mgr M'Cabe, V.G. ; Very Mgr Fordo, V.G. ; Very Rev. Mgr Meagher, V.G.; Very Rev. Canon Keogh, Very Rev. Canon Roche, Very Rev. Archdeacon Dunne, Very Rev. Canon Lee, Very Rev. Canon M'Mahon, Very Rev. Canon Pope, Very Rev. Canon Burke, Very Rev. Canon Murphy, Very Rev. Canon Quinn, Very Rev. 'Canon 'Redmond, Very Rev. Canon Kennedy, Very Rev. Canon Farrell, Very Rev. Canon Smithwick, Very Rev. Canon Lynch, the Rev. E. Clarke, P.P.; Very Rev. Father Leuians. Very Rev. Archdeacon Russell, Rev. M. Collier, P.P.; Very Rev. Dr. Dickson, Very Rev. Dr. O'Reilly, S.J. ; Very Rev. W. Walsh, O.S.A.; Rev. Dr. Callan, S.J. ; Very Rev. Father O'Reilly, Very Rev. Father Duff, Very Rev. Father Ward, Rev. M. Paterson, Rev. B. Fitzpat- rick, Rev. Dr. Buckeridge, Rev. M. Walsh, . Very Rev. Dr. Russel, President, Maynootli; the Very Rev. Michael Verdon, President, Holycross; Rev. P; O'Connor, Rev. T. Dwyei P.P., Rev. O'Connell, Rev. J. Murphy, C.C., Arklow, Rev- J. Belian, O.C.C. ; Rev. Father Farrell, O.C.C., Rev. P. Whelan ; Rev. M. Mullaly, P.P.; Rev. P. O'Sullivan, C.C. : Rev, J". Leahy, C.C. ; Rev. Mr. Brennan, Rev. Mark Flicker, C.G., Rev. C. Horace, Rev. Mr. Sherman, Rev. Michael Buttcrfield, Rev. B. O'Reilly, Rev. T. O'Reilly, Rev. W. Irwin, Rev. W. Purcell, Rov. E. G. Quade, the Rev. P. O'Neil, Rev. N. Donnelly, Rev. P. Fee, Rev. J. M. Swiggan, Rev. Mx. Turner, Rev. Mr. Dun- phy, C.C., Rev. G. Harrold, Rev. C. O'Con- \- nell, P.P.: Very Rev. Professor J. Cully, Thurles ; Rev. M. B. Kelly, P;P., Rev. R. Regan, Rev. W. Dill, Rev. G. Cummins, Rev. James Hamilton, P.P., Blessington ; Rev. M. Murphy, C.C.; Very Rev. J. Nolan, P.P., Kildare ; Rev. J. Wade, Rov. J. M'Cabe, P.P. ; Rev. A. Byrne, Very Rev. J. O'Farrell, Adm. Longton ; Rev. Father M. Farrell, S.J.; Rev. R. Galvan, P.P.; Rev. J. Ryan, P.P.; Rev. J. 0. Rorke, P.P. ; Rov. J. Cummins, C.C. ; Very Rev. Father Keogh, O.S.F.; Rev. F. Byrne, Rev. T. O'Neil, Rev. John M'Swiggan, Rev. Dr. Dunphy, CiC., Ovoco ; Rev. J. Gaffney, C.C. Rev. M. Brady, P.P.; Rev. T. O'Donnell, C.C.; Rev. J. Horgan, C.C.; Rev. T. Doran, P.P.: Rev. T. Ryan, Rev Dr. Taylor, Mary borough; Very Rev. Dean M'Donnell, V.G. , President, College, Kilkenny; Very Rev Archdeacon O'Shea, P.P., Ballykoale ; Very Rev.-- W. Lynch, P.P.V.F., Rathdowney ; Very Rev. W. Hay den, P.P., St. Patrick's, Kilkenny; Very Rev. J. Kelly, P.R.y. Castleoomer ; Rev, Wm. O'Keefe, P.P., Aghabee ; Rev. T. O'Shea, P.P., Comeris ; Rev. James Maher, P.P., Templetown ; Rev. John Fitzpatrick, P.P., Galmoy ; Rev. P. Moore, P.P., Johnstown ; Rev. J. Queeny, P.P.. Lisdowney ; Rev. J. O'Gorman P.P., Canophy; Rev. Mi. Brennan, P;P. Kilmacon ; Rev. J. Ryan, P.P., Clara; Rev. Wm. Farrell, P.P., St. Kyran's, Kil kenny ; Rev. J. Birch, P'P., Borris-in-Os- sery ; Rev. P. Keefe, P.P., Clough ; Rev. N. Murphy, C.C,,. Baliyragget ; Rev. J. Pur cell, P.P., Bally callin ; Rev. W. Maylier, P.P., Windgap. The assistant priests at the throne were - The Very Rev. Mgr M Cabe, V.G., and the Very Rev. Mgr Forde, V.G. The Masters of Ceiemonies were- — The Rev. Joseph MJJSwiggan, C.C., and the Rev. Dr. Butter- field, Dean of Holycross College. The Rev. 11 ev. N. Murphy and the Rev. Dr. Buck eridge, were chaplains to the Bishop Elect, and the Rev. Dr. Nolan, P.P., Kildare, and the Very Rev. Dr. Kavanagh, President of Carlow College, were the chaplains of the assistant prelates. The choir consisted of students of Holycross College, led by the Very Rev. Michael Verdon, President. The Very Rev. Canon Murphy, as secretary of the Consecration, having read the Apostolic commission, the ceremony wus performed with the forms prescribed by the ritual. After the Communion His Grace the Lord Archbishop of Cashel ascended the pulpit, and delivered the fol lowing magnificent discourse, taking for his text— : . > Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will. build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. — Matt, xvi. IS. Going, therefoie, teach ye all nations, bap tising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;— and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the worlfl." — Matt, xxviii. 19 20. My Lord Cardinal, my Lords, Very Rev. and Rev. and dear Brethren — Tlie Church of God never dies, The ceremony of this day, the consecration of a Catholic Bishop, is one out of many facts which go to make up the one great fact that the Church of the living God never dies. And, why is it that the Church never dies? Because by God's ordinance the body of the faithful will, to f.L r> m-irl nf flip, wm-ld. be' united with the Bishops of the Catholic Church as the successors of the Apostles, and because these same Bishops with the body of the faithful will to the end of the world be imited with the Bishop of Bishops, the successor of the blessed Peter, the Roman Pontiff, in the teaching and governing of the Church. Behold how our Lord has provided both for the life of His Chuich and for the perpetua tion of that life to the end of time- "God," says St. Paul, "who at sundry times and in divers manners spoke in times past to the fathers by the prophets, last of all in those days hath spoken to us by His Son." — H eb. 1., 2. The word which God hath spoken by His Son is God's last word to man in the form of a Divine revelation. The Christian dispensation fixing the constitution of the Church has fixed it till the final day when it shall be presented to the heavenly Spouse "a glorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle" — Eph. v. 27. Aid the Son of God, having come down from Heaven to teach all truth and to establish His Church on earth, cannot have left any thing to be supplied by any one else coming after him. That is what we should expect from Him in whom were hidden the treasures of infinite knowledge and wisdom. No doubt others will come after Him to teach and. to preach and to minister; but they, like tbe lesser orbs of Heaven which shine with the light they catch from the sun, can but reflect tho rays of truth; and grace which they receive from Him the eternal Sun of Justice. The word of His wisdom and the work of His hand are both perfect. No tongue of man or angel shall add to the word which God hath spoken by His only Son ; no hand attempt to improve what His master hand hath finished, to change in aught the form and structure of that Church of which He is at once the builder and the chief corner-stone. And so, as a necessai-y sequel, from the supreme knowledge and wisdom of the Divine Architect, " the Church of the living God," the " pillar and ground of the truth," (1 Tim. iii 16), must for its great end, which ( is the salvation of the souls of men to the very last, have come from His hand a per fect work, unchanged in its essential constitution. ' That, I repeat, is what we ought to conclude from the in finite knowledge and wisdom of Him who is the " author and finisher of our faith" — Heb. xii. 2. He has not, however, thrown upon us the burthen of reasoning out the conclusion for ourselves. . He has revealed in express terms the twofold truth, that the faithful people of all ages and nations shall for ever be united by the bond of the same l'aith and the same sacraments with the suc cessors of the Apostles, who are the bishops of the Catholic Church, and also that the whole Church, bishops, priests and, shall be | united for ever under one and the same visible Head on earth, the successor of the Blessed Peter, the Bishop of Rome, and the Bishop of all bishops. " Going," says our Lord to the Apostles, "teach ye all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Gliost—and beliold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world."— Mat. xxviii. 19 20. As the Apostles were to live and did live only during the term of their natural lives, the words of Christ promising to be with them teaching and baptizing to the end of the world cannot come true unless they be understood as re ferring not merely to the Apostles themselves 'individually but also to the Apostles in the persons of their lawful successors, who are the Bishops of the Catholic Church. To the end of tlie world, then, there will be Bishops as the successors of the Apostles, teaching and baptising the faithful as the Apostles did. And so too there will be to the end of the world one Bishop, the successor of Peter, over all other Bishops, over the whole Church of God, teaching all with infallible authority, governing all with supreme power. Christ has said it. After and because of the splendid confession of faith made by Peter alone, and in presence of the rest of the Apostles, Christ says to Peter and to Peter alone, " Thou art Peter," that is " rock," and " on this rock," . that is on thee, Peteri "I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not pre vail against it, and I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven." Again, He says to Peter alone " feed My lambs — feed My sheep". (John, xxi.); and again to Peter alone, " thou being once .converted, confirm thy brethren."; — Luke xxii. 31 If the Church will last to the end of time, as it will,, tlie foundation of the Church must last as long, and the foundation is Peter. If the power of the keys shall be exercised for ever in the Church, as it will, he who holds the keys must remain for ever in the Church," and the holder of the keys is Peter. If the lambs of Christ's fold and the sheep as well, that is the people and the pastors, are to be always fed, as they are, the shepherd of the fold must always remain, and the shepherd is Peter. If at all times the brethren have need to be confirmed in the faith, as they have, lie that is specially charged to confirm them must be always present to do so, and that is Petei. But Peter lived only during the short period of his natural life. How then could he be to the end of time the foundation of the Church ? —how wield the power of the keys ? — how feed the lambs and the sheep ? — how confirm the brethren? Clearly not in his own proper person, but in the person of his lawful suc cessors, the Roman Pontiffs, in whom he is still living and speaking, is still as ever the foundation, still wields the power of the keys, still feeds the lambs and the sheep, still con firms the brethren. And so, the supremacy of the Roman Pontiff both in governing and in teaching the whole Church, I will add, teaching it with infallible authority — the su premacy of the Roman Pontiff so understood is as indefectible as the Church itself. I have said teachinc: with infallible authority, be- cause how could he teach the whole Church and the Church be bound as it is to accept his teachings, if he could in this case teach error? — could he be the foundation of the Church in faith, if he were to ground it in error?— how feed the lambs and the sheep with the sound doctrine that nourisheth unto life, if he were to teach them false doctrine ? —how confirm the brethren in the faith, if he were to confirm them in error ? — Impossible. Let me add that upon the supremacy of the Roman Poutiff hinges the unity of the Church, its sanctity, its Catholicity, its Apos- tolicity. Let kings and statesmen, then, plot as they may against the Head of the Church, they can no more compass the destruction of his supremacy than they can the desti'uction of the Church itself. The combined powers of earth and hell cannot prevail against the Word of Him who said, "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." And; if ever there was a time -when the powers of earth and hell were combined against the Church, and the Head of the Church, it is now. What, is the con dition: of things at the present time ? Num. bers of literary men all over the world, the abettors of a false philosophy, of a baleful infidelity, that would rob man of every com fort in this world, of every hope in the next, turn the noblest intellectual gifts against Him who gave them ; and, like the first tempter, pointing to the tree of knowledge of good and evil, persuade the children of men to deny the God that made them. Then with princes and statesman, might is right, treaties waste paper, national honor an empty name, every thing lawful that the strong liaiid can accomplish by force, or crooked statecraft compass by fraud. Bad education— education severed from religion — is sapping the foundations of society. A licentious press scatters abroad the doctrines of anarchy, and the nations reap the whirlwind of revolution. The masses of the people, aforetime so gentle, now heaving under the restless spirit of revolution, bear- the yoke only so long as they cannot cast it off. Aid the liberalists of Italy, whose greatest gloiy it ought to be to see Rome the capital of Christendom, are crazed with the idea of Rome the capital of Italy, crying out, "Away with the Pope, give us Barabbas." Such is the present time. Time there avas wlieu to lie a Pope was to be a martyr. Now a persecution of a different kind is waged, in the name of liberty, in tho name of science, in the name of progress, -by the learned and the illiterate, by schismatics, heretics, Joavs, and inlidels, by princes and statesmen, all leagued together in one unholy alliance " against the Lord and against His anointed," for the imrpose of undermining the poAver of the Pope and the Church by bad laAvs, bad education, and all the bad devisings of state craft. If ever there was a time when the Church needed to have at its head a Pope endpAved with the highest qualities of cha racter, a truly great Pope, it is the present time. And has not God, . Avho fits men to times, given such a Pope to the Church in the person of Pius the Ninth, of whom it may be said that, of the two hundred and fifty-eight Popes who have gone before him, not one has battled more gloriously against the enemies of our faith — no t one has been more deserving in a sense to bear the martyr'3 palm than he whose whole Ponti ficate has been but one continued martyrdom N eed I say how he has bore his sufferings ? The afflictions which wicked men haxre brought on his venerable head, instead of casting him doAvn, instead of subduing jus spirit, instead of casting him doAvn into despondency, instead of extorting from him any unAvorthy compromise, instead of forcing him into the surrender of one single iota of the Church's inalienable rights, of one single tittle of the principles of immutable justice —these afflictions, I say, have but served to him as occasions for the display of the noblest Christian virtue, meekness, of patience, of submission to the Divine will, of unshaken love of. justice, of . unshrinking courage, of invincible fortitude. Never since the Son of Mary was persecuted by the Avicked men of His day. has anyone given a brighter example of virtue than Pius the Ninth by the manner in which he has passed through his living aixd life-long martyrdom, neArer once permitting his sufferings to cast even a passing shade over that tranquil brow. At this supreme moment, when men of little faith, rather of no faith, think that all is lost. Look at that glorious old man as. he sits on the Vatican so tranquil in the midst of the storm. Whence comes that wonder ful calmness, at Avliieh his enemies stand amazed ? It comes from him under Avhose visible protection Pius the Ninth is. It comes from Him who has. already given him the years of Peter. It comes from Him who slept so calmly yet Avatclied so Avell for the safety of His disci ples while the boat was tossed on the billows of the sea of Galilee. Yes, it is from Him that Avonderful calmness comes, He it is that sets Pius the Ninth at the helm of Peter's barque to pilot through the storm Avith xvatchful eyes and steady hand ; and we Catholics have the fullest confidence that lxc Avill weather the storm. Tlie good ship and he who steers it are under the guiding hand of Heaven. Prophets, Avhose inspiration is not from above, seeing the trials of the Holy Father and of the Church, have taken to prophesying the speedy doAvnfall of the Papacy and of the Catholic Church. Foolish predicton! When these prophets and their predictions shall have passed -into utter oblivion — nay, Avhen seeptres uoav strong shall be broken hi pieces, Avhen nations uoav reckoned among the great poAvers of the Avorld shall have disappeared, when tlie great empire of England itself shall have passed away, then and ages afterwards the ancient Church of Rome with the Pope at its head Avill still remain. Eighteen hundred years have rolled over since the days of Peter. The present Pope isjthe tAVo hundred and fifty-ninth from him in an unbroken line of succession. And, at the present hour tivo hundred millions of people scattered over the earth turn fondly towards him has their common Father, and with one heart send up their prayers to heaven for his safety. There is not the least sign of tlie approaching doAvnfall either of the Papacy or of the Catholic Church. The reverse is the case. Never Avere the Faithful throughout the Avorld and their clergy more closely united Avith the Head of the Church than at present ; his very suffer ings bind them to him more and more closely. Never were the Bishops of the Avorld more closely united Avith the Head of the Church. Four times at the call of Pius the Ninth have the Bishops of the Catholic Avorld gathered around liini, the last time in the great Vatican Council, a glorious example as any that ever Avas seen of the united ac tion of the txvo great principles Avliieh pre- serve the life of the Church and perpetuate it for ever, the Bishops, the successors of the Apostles and the Pope the successor of St. Peter. If the close union betAveen the Head of the Church and its bishops conserves and continues for ever the life of the universal Church, undoubtedly it is to this same cause under God that Ave are to ascribe the surprising vitality of the Catholic Church of Ireland, the existence of Avliieh in this nine teenth century of ours, after passing through trials of unparalleled severity, is one of tlie marvels of history. National churches may perish.. To the Universal Church, ij&t; to them or any of them, have the promises of Christ been made, and so it has happened that particular churches have perished. The churches of Asia, founded by the Apostles, the ancient churches of; Africa, which once heard the aroice of Cyril and Atlianasius and Augustine, have disappeared from the earth. To come nearer to home, some of the fairest Churches of. Europe are uoav so lost to filial affection for the mother once loAred so avcII that they unnaturally hate Avliat she loves and loves Avhat she hates. These once nourishing churches fell aAvay because their bishops and clergy broke oil' from obedience to the successor of Peter. If there is any lesson which the Avhole course of ecclesiastical history teaches as a Avarninf to the nations Avliieh have and to those which have not the true faith, it is this — that nations lose the faith Avhen their bishops and clergy become disobedient to Rome. Conversely, tlie faith has been preserved in Ireland because the bishops and clergy, and .consequently the people, have ever re- mainccl faithful to Rome, especially during the time that intervened betAveen the Re formation and the beginning of the present century, Avlien our poor country passed, and thank God, passed triumphantly, through a persecution of Avliich I shall say no more than that for duration and intensity it is Avithout a parallel in the history of the sufferings of any other country. Why do I mention those things ? Is it to revive and keep alive religious animosities ? Far be it from me. No, but I mention them to sIioav Avhat obedience to Rome, Avliat close union Avith Rome, has done for us and our Church in Ireland. We ahvays clung to Rome. From the first, St. Patrick taught us obedience to Rome, and Ave have never sAverved from his teaching. Not all the poAver of man has been aide to Aveaken, much less destroy, our filial iittacliment to Rome. It has been our glory in prosperity, our comfort in adversity our safeguard at all times. When other Churches made sliipAvreck of the faith avc Aveathered the storm, because Ave remained faithful to Rome. As the mariner tossed on the billoAVS of the ocean holds his Avay over the Avaste of Avaters because he is guided in his course by the polar star, so did Ave in cA'ery storm that arose hold on our aaray steadily and surely, because all through Ave kept our eyes fixed upon the light that beamed from Rome. Rome Avas our polar star. I repeat, it is this close connection A\ritli Rome Ave haAre to thank for it, under God, that not only has our Church come out of the trials of the past Avith safety, but also that it is at present in so flourishing a condi tion. The enemies of our religion may point, and have pointed too, exultingly, to the loss of millions of our Catholic people, as yf that Avere a proof of the decay of Catholicity in Ireland. While Ave deplore as one of the greatest of national calamities the loss of millions or our fine people, Ave are not left Avithout some compensation for the loss, see ing that God, Avho knoAVS Iioav to draAV good from evil, has built them up in other lands into a mighty people, or rather peoples, Avho faithful to their country's traditions, have in every region of the earth to aa'hich tliey haAre gone, Avhetlier they be found on the banks of the Ohio or in far-off Australia or else- Avhere, planted churches full of new life, and all in the closest connection Avith Rome. Not to speak of other churches that have gone from the loins of the Mother Church of Ireland, look at the great Catholic Church of Ameriea — is it not a living proof of the vitality and fecundity of our Church, Avith its five and a half millions of Catholic people seven archbishops, fifty-three bishops, nearly five thousand priests, and tAVO thousand three hundred religiots sisters ? As for us, here at home, after the exhaustion of famine and emigration, Ave have yet millions to be the seed of a great people, and Aire thank God that Ave have no reason to fear for the future of our religion, but the contrary. What do Ave see to-day ? A Cardinal Arch bishop consecrating a Catholic bishop in the metropolis of Ireland, in Adrtue of a mandate from the Holy See. His Eminence repre sents in his single person the ' ' potior prin- cipalitas," tne paramount authority of Rome and the fidelity of Ireland. The grand cere mony of this day brings before the eyes of the beholders in visible form the union of Rome and Ireland which has endured through every vicissitude from the days of Celestiue and Patrick even to the present time. Every Avord of the ceremonial says emphatically, " Quis scperabit ?" The newly consecrated prelate Avill forgive me if I add that the ceremony of this . day is also full of good promise not only for the diocese of Ossory but for all Ireland. Behold a prelate of whom it maybe truly said that he is " de semine virorum illorum, per quos salus facta est in Israel"— of the seed of those men by whom salvation Avas Avrought in Israel. Behold a prelate Avlio is in every re spect such as St. Paul tells us a bishop ought to be, " gentle, sober, just, holy, continent, embracing that faithful Word Avhicli is ac cording to doctrine, that he may be able to exhort in sound doctrine and convince the gainsay'ers.'. — 1 Tit. 8, 9. A scholar among the scholars of Rome, Avliere are to be found men the most eminent in every department of learning, a teacher in one of the high pro fessorial chairs of that seminary of world wide renoAvn, the Propaganda ; an archaeolo gist avIio has tliroAvn great light upon our oivn ecclesiastical history by his valuable re searches — assuredly such a one is fit, if any one is fit, to occupy the See once illustrated by the learning of a Roth and a De Burgo, and he is most suitably located in the ancient City of St. Canice, so full of Catholic me mories. Is there qnything else to be added ? Yes, this— that the practical acquaintance Avi£jh ecclesiastical matters acquired during years of a residence in Rome, and increased during years of a secretariat under the eyes of his most eminent relative, gives additional assurance that he will Avield the crozier of St. Kyran in a spirit of enlightened Avisdom, and that his accession to the Episcopate of Ireland Avill be an accession of every episcopal grace and gift that can add to the glory of our ' ancient hierarchy. With so many happy antecedents to justify high hopes of the future, 1 may venture to give utterance to the feelings of every one present in this vast congregation Avlien I say — avc all_ congratu late the venerable Prelate Avhoha\ring "borne the burden of the day and the heats" (Mat. xx. 12.) shall have such a support in the evening of his life — Ave congratulate the clergy and the people of Ossory that their destinies are committed to one Avho Avill never compromise them in Avord or act, and avIio Avill consider life itself as too small a sacrifice to make in their service — in fine, Ave congratulate the Catholics of Ireland that this day one takes his place among their Bishops Avho, Avhile he adorns the Church by his learning and virtues, Avill labour strenu ously to promote the interests of religion in this Catholic land. At the termination of the sermon the ceremonies proceeded to their close, and his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop pro nounced the Pontifical Benediction. The neAvly consecrated Bishop), in full canonicals. Avearing his mitre and bearing the pastoral staff, gave his blessing to the vast congrega tion, and the students, clergy, and prelates, retired to the side chapel in the same pro cessional order as they entered. Tnus terminated an august rite of the ancient and universal faith Avhicli has raised to the Episcopacy of the Irish Church one eminent by virtue, piety, and learning, and Avliose rule in the important diocese AAdiere he is called to spiritual' government Avill be a blessing to rich and poor from generation to generation and bear abundant fruit for time and eternity The prelates and clergy avIio were present at the ceremonials of yesterday were hospi tably entertained by the Coadjutor Lord Bishop of Ossory at a banquet giAren last evening at Holycross College, Clonliffe. 