RYDAL. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) . 13lh December. MINING matters liare become very Juli since my last communication. Tko roef »ear the township I the» mentioned has been abandoned, and the works on n 100 nero lease that was taken up »ear tho junotion of the Cox's and'Middle Rivers, havo also been given np. Taking all things into consideration its a great pity, aas judges in such matters agree that reefs do exist in this locality.- but for want of capital nnd persever- ance, they continao to lie hid from dtvelopment I hear that the men sinking shaftB for the copper lodo nt Mount Lambie say there aro good indications of strik- ing something rich shortly, and it ist« be hopod they may, for thn.ro is a deal of money laid out on specula- tion ; and ns Rydal is In a. stato of collapse, wo want something to restoro us to our former Btato of hustling activity previous to the trains passing onward to th» city of tho "West. There is a strong roport of an excellent coal field being brought to light at Wallerawang, near tho station ; and a« thc names mentioned in connection therewith aro men of tho right stamp for thoroughly carrying out such a venture, thorois.no doubt tho works will soon bein full swing. I believo it is contemplated to havo smelting works established in connection with the coal mines Sporting matters nre rather lively ber». Two racing matches took p'ace between twa . herses owned by local gentlemen came off, and considering the carly hour (7 a.m.) thors was a largo muster-iu fact, nearly all Rydal was thero to witness tho result, and though tho stakes wero rather email, yat a good deal of money changed hands after the contants «ero over. . "Kirst match, ¿61 n sido; ICMeach i mile. Mr. T. Perry's Piebald, agni ,. ... .. 1 J. Why tc's Lucy Neal, 3 yrs ... .. ... 3 \- A good start wns effected. Piebald took Ibo lead, never was collared, and won easily. After tho race Lucy was backed to run Piebald a milo for a tenner nside, catch woightB, but tho offer was declined with thanks. Second Match Ll a-sido, heats, 4-mile. Mr. Biorenson'H b g Monaro ... ... ... 1 1 Enteil, jiinr.'s li h Bedford Monaro took tho lead and won both boats right away, his opponent never having a ghost of a chance, but thu ridor of tho_ defeated horso was unfortuuato. in both horse and ridor falling first heat,' and losing; his stirrup tho scooud ¡ still thero never was .any doubt as ta tho result. , Wo aro getting n little fair woathor now which wo appreciate, after a fortnight's continuous downfall;of rain. Grass feed is abundant, and all kinds of Block look in fine condition. ' ' - "«?-..?' , 1 