TERRIBE DEATH. The following report of an inquest h„u . ill End, copied from the Obsentr' earful example of the results of careleL!!^ •'An inquest was held by the coroner f he district, Mr. J. W. Lees, on We£L * morning, at Hawkin's-hill, Hill End onn- J of the body of Thomas Thomas, then , j there lying dead. Richard Tolls, on deposed: I am a miner, employed on the Grt7 Extended claim, Hawkin's-hill. My wort^ generally underground- This week I h been employed on the top, minding tbs^v 6 horse and sharpening drills. I was there W night when the two men at work beloir namely, the deooased and Charles Orton"~ came up to their supper, about half-p Mt ebii o'clock. After taking supper with m e in shed near the mouth of the shaft I „ the horse's bead. Both -^--J . , I^W appeared to be seber. After lowering Orte and receiving the signal from him-4 Dey ' of the nocker—I then saw that deceased in tlie act of standing in the sling a?" starting the horse I heard the chain rattle I an exclaminauon from deceased, but »h 11 said I could not hear, and I foud that he1> t dropped from the tn,pe. J then went L? mediately to the mouth of the shrft, and fe-?,' that there was no sling in the chain, and «!!? the T at the end which is used for p ^ • through the links had come out. The -p could not have passed through, the li t properly. I think only one end of the T conU have been passed through toe link. Jf i°!r ends had been passed through, it could o 07 by any possibility, with the weight of a mini' body attaohed, have become unloosed Tk claim, and got Chorles Davis to go down some lashing. I put a rope sling over £ loop in tho chain, fastening it with tlei through the link, and Davis went down either sitting or with his foot in the sling. jj 6 rope sling wal was lying near the ehaft^icli deceased might have used if he chose todo» When Orton went below there was notai^ with tools .in it suspended on the same W under bim, but there was no bucket nor anj. thing else, on the rope by which deceased kd a lighted candle in one hand, and could onto have had a lighted candle in one hand it liberty to hold ou by the rope a few inches above where the rope and the ohaiu join, A. few minutes after Davis's decent, the bsdy of deceased was brought to the serface, aad I went for Dr. Cortis. The deceased bad been working in the claim siooo about February last, and was geneaally a careful man going below to examine the rope, to see that it is aft was no flaw in the links of the ohain, nor in the T, that I am aware of. The verdict of the jury wos that the deoeased 'came by hie death by injuries received in accidentally falling dawn the shaft of the claim of the Great Extended, HaokinVhill,' and they were (of opinion 'that accident arose from inattention on the part of the deceased iu not properly securing the T trough the link." A BABY LOST IN THE BUSH.—Oar Tarns, galla correspondent says :—On Tnesday ever. ing Mrs. Burstall took her infant in a perwbulator towards the Loddon, for the purpa of gathering mushrooms. At a point in it sorub Dear the Christmas Reef she incautiot ly left the baby in the perambulator, ut walked about in pursuit of the objects of her quest. Upon attempting to regain the spot, however, she found that she eould not find it. She then walked Bhe knew not whither, first to the right and then to the left, almost distracted at her loss, nntil she came upon some miners, to whom she told her misfortune. Of course she did not know which way she came to them, nor had the slightest idea as to the direction ofthe Fpot in which she had left her babe. The men however } started to search for in different directions, and last a Mr.Bool heard the little thing crying in some dense scrub, about half a mile from where she bad told her story. The delight of mother and child at being re-united cannot be imagined— Inglewood Advertiser. THE MINISTRY —" There is but one God, *od Mahomet is his prophet." Let as pnrsptiiue this a little, with all respect tothe exclamation, aud cry " There is bnt one Chief Secretaij; end "Vale is his henchman," It is re»Uy wonderful to see how easily Mr Duffy t»ka things now that he has Mr Yale at his elbow. Last session he was here there and everywlietf amongst his colleagues, suggesting this prohibiting that; this, he sits, except when very hardly pressed, calmly complsceut, is tie chair next the clerk of the Assembly smiling blandly on Mr Vale, who is ever on his fwtto demand tbe Speake'rs ruling on points of order. Sometimes, when his colleague is speakia?, h* throws in a suggestion—acts as a prompter, in short; but the unanimity between the two is really beautiful to witness. As to tbe other colleagues of Mr Duffy, they sit and look with wonder on their two chiefs.—Age. A GHOST STOBY.—AS Mr Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Bealiba point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying " Hie, hie." Young Donohoe stopped ths coach, turned the lamps round, oooyed, looked about for half an hour, bnt could see nothing. This would not "have been noticed bnt fur the fact that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the point some twenty years ago; and our informant states that Mr Peter Halbitb, the former mail contractor two years ago, saw tbe form of a man clinging to bis coach wheels; and that Mr John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time, saw the figure of a man which be hailed, ibnt the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared— Say Standard., DEPUTATION.—A deputation from Sandhurst, consisting of several gentlemen connected with mining, waited upon tbe hon. the Minister of Mines on Thursday, for the purpose of asking that in the proposed Bill for the Prevention of Mining Accidents a clause sbonld be introduced, making engine drivers and others entrusted with tbecbarge of machinery responsible for any accidents caused by their negligence. Mr M'Lelfan promised to lav the matter before his colleague, the Attorney- General, with a view of having such a clause inserted if practicable.— Age* An editor in Illinois having engaged * new reporter, received tbe following as hie first eSbrt:—" We are informed that ths gentleman whostood on his head under a pile-driver for the purpose of having a tight pair of bates drav on, shortly aftermtrds found himself in Ghiny, perfectly naked, and without a oent in ltis pocket," A naval surgeon, who used to prescribe silt water for his patients in all disorders, happened to be drowned one evening. Next day the captain, coming ou board, inquired for the doctor, and was coolly told by a sailor that "he was drowned last night in the medicin* <Aest." 