HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, Junk 19. The President took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PWTTTTnv Mr. CARB presented a petition from the Con* ference of the South Australian Total Abstinence League, praying the House to amend the Licensed Victuallers Act so as to provide for a people's veto on me gianung oi licences ior ine saie oi in* toxicating liquor. Received and read. SURVEY IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. LAKE asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands if, as stated in the papers, the Government had made arrangements for fitting out a survey parly to go by the Claymore to the Northern Territory. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) said the nucleus of one or two survey parties was to go by the Claymore, the Government having found it absolutely necessary that a survey should be made on the Roper in order that persons should be able to obtain land. Mr. LAKE would move that the House at its rising—— The SPEAKER said that motion would not be in order, as there was such a motion down on the Paper for that day. IHE TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY I BILL. Mr. TOWNSEND saw it stated in the public prints by advertisement that the Trans-Continental Railway Bill would coet several hundreds of pounds to pass through Parliament. He would like to ask if any and what money had been received by the Clerks of the House, and whether, being a public Bill, it would cost anything to pass through Parlia ment. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER said being a public Bill it would cost the parties interested not one farthing. All the expense would be borne by the public. SURVEY IN THE NORTHERN TERRITORY. Mr. LAKE gave notice for Wednesday of a motion in reference to the survey in tbe Northern Territory. Mr. WARD said the survey party would leave on Saturday. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) remarked that if it was the view of the Houte that no survey should take place, and that not even three or four men should be eent out, it wu better that they should express it forthwith, and be suggested the suspension of the Standing Orders. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LARa, as it wu a case of urgent necessity, would move that the Standing Orders be sus pended to enable him to move— 'That itiaun* desirable to incur aay expense in the fitting out, or providiDgfor, or sending away any surveyors to make any survey in the Northern Territory until after the second reading of the Northern Terri* tory Land BUL' Carried. Mr. LAKE then moved the motion. He wished distinctly to state that he had no intention of opposing the GovejDment in any way, but wished merely to call attention to what seemed to him to be inconsistent with the privileges of that House. Some time ago he moved a resolution in order that the House might express an opinion as to whether or not selection before survey in the-, Northern Territory should be granted, and he should not therefore go into an argument on that question now. but simply whether the Government after a notice had been brought before the House should act contrary to the principle embodied in it. That notice would have come on some time ago but for the express desire of the Government that it should be withdrawn until after the con- ?' sideratkm at the Northern Territory Land BUI which they intended to bring forward. That Bill. lerize it; «? impertinent. ; As the Bishop had lefened to his giving up the honour at the age of 70 he would not further criticise ni* conduct. He begged to move the amendment. Va. TOWNSEND would not have ipoken on this subject had it not been for the course which event* had taken, and for an opinion he held that there should be in future no ecclesiastical distinc tions of any kind. He objected to the Secretary of State dictating to this colony how its busmen should be done. The despatches on the subject did not reflect much credit upon him. and were written under a total misunderstanding of the whole question. In the time of Sir Eichard Graves MacDonnelJ, His Lordship the Bishop had regretted that there was not more union amongst the various denominations, and that there could cot be an exchange of pulpits, and he believed now if the Bishop and a number of members of other denominations assembled before any meeting; be would be accorded by courtesy the privilege of going in first, although he was denied it as a right. The question now was whether they were to be allowed to manage their own affairs in their own way, and he thought it ought to be settled once for «It He would not criticise the action of the Bishop, seeing he had now done the right thing, though rather late in the day. He must oppose the ad dress, inasmuch as what it asked for should be claimed as a right in a Bill to be introduced for the purpose. Mr. CLYDE seconded the amendment. He was sorry to see such a thin House, and that there was an evidently prearranged attempt to carry this address that night— (No)— a number of members who evidently intended to vote for the address had remained, whilst a number who would have voted against it had left, under the impression that the debate would not take place that night, It was impossible for him to vote for the address, and he must record his protest against it, and he was extremely surprised that the Treasurer, who had had considerable experience in composition, should have allowed his name to have appeared a3 one of the authors, for a more illogical and inconsequen tial document he never saw. The address Baid they asked Her Majesty to agree to a request; but there was literally no request in the address. (Hear, hear, and 'No.') The Speaker had told them it could not be ameuded. The SPEAKER said although he had put the motion in the form that the address be agreed to, it was quite competent for any hon. member to move an amendment in the form of the address. JMr. GLYDE felt so strongly with the# hon. member for West Torrens that this was too impor tant a matter to begin attempting to amend the address that he was quite content to take it as it stood and vote against it. He shared the feeling of the hon. member for the Sturt, and would be willing to meet the Bishop when he fairly offered to meet them a little. He did not wish to reflect upon him in any way, but he must enter his protest against the words he used in his letter to the Governor: — 'The respect ?for Her Majesty's prerogative ihown by the House of Assembly in resolving to proceed by way o! address rather than by way of Bill.' It was not right that he should imply that they had attempted to interfere with Her Majesty's prerogative; the words of the Bill provided that nothing in it should affect it. The Bishop's letter, though it compli cated the matter a little more, did not alter the position at all. The Treasurer knew very we! I that if the address went home the request would not be granted by Her Majesty. (The Hon. J. Hart-' It will.') How wasit possible for Lord Ktmberley, in the face of the words of his despatch that Her Alajesty could not be recommended to take away from any subject the privileges which she had granted, to recommend compliance - And the letter of Dr. Short, although it might accompany the address, was not sufficient to alter the position, and even if it did it did not affect the Roman Catholic Vicar General or Bishop. (Hear, hear.) tie asked hon. members to dismiss the religious question altogether in dealing with this matter. Wh) should the religious differences make them forgel that they had received certain privileges from Hei Majesty, as members of Parliament, (to legislate for their own domestic matters. And thej were entirely doing so. Simply because some hon members who were members of the Church ol England from their early education believed thai the Bishop was entitled to precedency. (No, no.] He was glad he was in error. Then he was not entitled to precedency at all because hon members had not given it him. His letten patent, which had been made such a bugbear o: for the past twenty years, had been placed befon them, and there was not a word that could b- distorted in that direction. It was difficult t( find a cose in point; but the nearesl approach was the Governor's Salary Bill. The] might almost say that it was Her Majesty's pre rogative to fix the salary of the Governor, but thej should not send home an address to Her Majest] to reduce the salary of any succeeding Governor though they acknowledged her right to veto a Bill How they should lose any respect in which the] night be held at home by the clerks in D owning street-(Mr. Boucaut— 'Hear, hear)— by sendinj home an address after Lord Kimberley's despatch He would rather drop the matter altogether that do bo, and he asked hon .members to consider care fully whether it would not be best to send home i Bill and also an address. He should be glad t- join in a humble address to Her Majesty, couchei m the most respectful terms, pointing out wh: they thought it necessary to pass the Bill. Sendinj home a Bill by itself might seem, as it did U some hon. members a defiance of Her Majesty': Government. It was a mystery to hia how men could allew their religious prejudice: to forget that they were members of Parliament Some hon. members he saw around him would b- first in any other case to stand up for their privi leges, but in this they stultified themselves. Thi Bill distinctly provided that Her Majesty's preroga tive should not be affected, and he believed if the] sent that home with an explanatory address, tha Her Majesty would be advised to assent to the Bill and that Lord Kimberley or whoever might b3 he adviser, would shrink from advising her to taki a new Btep, by which Dr. Short or the Archdeacoi should take precedence over other ministers ii view of public opinion both here and at home. Th Church of England members knew perfectly wel that the address would not be granted, and that b; sending it home only time would be gained (Hear, bear, and No.) It was not t be, wondered at. He dare say if he ha been brought up to believe in Bishops an people of that sort, and that Dr. Short was ap pointed by God to take precedence over all th ministers in South Australia, he should take th utmost pains to lei the old gentleman down a easily as possible; but he had not been brough up to it. He must protest against the address and should divide against it. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORK) (Hon. W. Cavenagh) thought his hon. frien might allow the members of the Church of Enj land to know their own minds. He might nc believe that the address would be assented to, be when he asserted that they did not, he wee beyond what he ought to. He, as a member ( the Church of England, did believe it woul be assented to— (Mr. Conner— ' Hear, hear) although the great opponent of it was a membc of that Church, the hon. member Mr. Boucaut. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (Hon. G. Stevei son), if he thought the address would have n effect at home, would not be found supporting il but he believed he spoke the feeling of every goo Christian when he said he believed it woulc because the Secretary of State did not Bay th; nothing of the kind would be allowed, but th; hon. members could not be advised to take awa the status which any person now enjoyed. Th Bishop of Adelaide had resigned his precedence and of course he would nob be taken into coi sideration at home, and it would follow that th precedency of the Roman Catholic Bishop wou! also drop, because the table of precedency said t should follow the Bishop of Adelaide, and if it Bishop of Adelaide was not there of course I could not follow him. He had an amendment t propose n the address. The SPEAKER said the hon. member could m do that. If the amendment, which he should pi in the form that the words proposed to be struc out stand part of the question, was negatived, tt adoption of the address would have to be put. Mr. BUNDEY' said if the Attorney-General ha allowed him to have risen before Mr. Glyde 1 would have moved the amendment, which was t rectify a slip in the address. Mr. SOLOMON intended to support the addres and he could not plead guilty to the prejudice - early education in reference to the Church i England, for the Church of which he was member was of much earlier date than that - any other Church. (Hear, hear.) He supporte the address because he believed it was the on way by which they could obtain what the Houi and the country required— the setting aside ' ecclesiastical precedency altogether. iHis Lor ship the Bishop, when the Houee.agreed to pa an address, had, as he said in his letters whic Mr. Glyde found fault with, with a view of pr Berving peace and goodwill, resigned all pretensioi to „ precedency, which he had every right I believe he enjoyed by Her Majesty's lette patent, and he had yielded at the proper tim If he had done so before it would hai shown cowardice, and he was perfectly rigt i? t& C0.uIse be took in consequence i the Bill of last session having been sent bad Another Bill was brought forward which ti. House refused to pass; but they agreed to pass a address askingHer Majesty to remove all relicioi precedency. Directly the Bishop found that the adopted a course which did not coerce him to do certain thing he yielded. He trusted M Glyde would pardon him when he said that r thought he looked upon this question wit less jaundiced eyes than he did; and I had no hesitation in saying that this questio of .precedency, which from the nature of h particular creed he was not interested in, had n- been so much a question as to the precedency - the# Bishop as it had been of each party beirj Anxious to take precedence in this colony. (Uhee ind dissent.) They found it was impossible i obtain the position, and so they sought to do away with It altogether, and very properly sohethqug'ir, because he thought there should be no religious distinction whatever. He was happy to say he was one of those who assisted in separating Church and State in this colony, and not only that he was one of many who sought to return to the first Parliament men, no matter whatever were their political merits, who would vote against State aid to religion. He should vote for the address, because be believed it to be the only solution to the difficulty in which they were placed. Mr. BRIGHT moved that the House do now divide. (Mr. Ward-' Shame, shame/') This was declared carried. Mr. WARD called for a division:— -n . ? ATES,13-The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Public Works, Messrs. Bundey, Conner, Duncan, Hart, Lake, Mann, I ogers, Solomon, Townsend, and Bright (teller). Now, 4-Messrs. Blyth, Boucaut, Glyde, and Ward (teller). Majority of 9 for the Ayes. l The question that the words proposed to be struck out, viz., ' agreed to,' be struckoufc was put and declared carried. Mr. BOUOAUI called for a division :- Aies, 11— The Attorney-OeneraL the Commis sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Blyth, Bright Bundey, Conner, Hart, Lake, Mann, Solomon, and the Treasurer (teller). Noes, 3-Messre. Glyde, Ward, and Boucaut (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayea. ? . The motion that the address be agreed to was put- and carried. ? -;; ?'??'.' Mr. BOUCAUT-Divide. ? ' The TBEASUBER-No. Mr. BOUCAUT-I thought the other was the main question. I must divide upon this. The division was as follows, and the motion was accordingly carried :— Ayes, 11— The Attorney-General, the Commis sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Blyth, Bright Bundey, Conner, Hart, Lake, Mann. Solomon, and the Treasurer (teller). Noes, 3-Measrs. Glyde, Ward, and Boucaut (teller). Majority of 8 for the Ayes. BKOUGHTON AGRICULTURAL AREA. Mr. WARD moved the adjournment of the debate upon his motion brought on earlier in the day for a fortnight Mr. Boucaut made some allusion to bis taking this question up, not being a member for the district. The area was a kind of 'No Man's Land,' and he was not quite sure whether it was in Flinders or Stanley. The in habitants had no representative, as there was no polling- place. The House resumed, and the Committee had leave to sit again on 3rd July. OTHER BUSINESS. The remaining Notices were rearranged, and the House adjourned at 20 minutes to 8 o'clock till the following Tuesday at 2 p.m. PAIBS. For adjournment— For, Mr. Lake; against, Mr. Krichaun. For Mr. Conner's amendment to Mr. Angas's motion for ad joumment — For, Mr. Ramsay; against, Mr. West. a^costc! £S5 pel ton! The thing was absurd* 'Where would they get the fuel for the thousand miles in the centre of this line. Bad the experience of the various surveyors shown that there was sufficient timber in the centre of the island for it or that there was any coal there? In the United States the coals were known to exbt on the route, l)Ut to carty coals to the centre of the island for the journey across would require the whole power of the locomotive. He felt sure the House would see the absurdity of the measure, and he should not move as usual that it be read that day six months, but trusted to the House throwing it out ' upon the second readiDg. (Hear, hear.) Mr TOWNSEND hoped the hop. member for Guaaeracha from his experience in that House an-i ins character, would know that those who found fault with the Bill meant not the slightest disrespect to him or the promoters. It should be borne in mind that not a sentence of this scheme was before the public at the late election, and whether viewed from its magnitude or its importance it ought to be remitted to those who sent them there. When be heard that the hon. member for Gumeracha intended to introduce it he was amazed, for— he did not say it from flattery, but from personal observation— he believed there was no more painstaking public man in South Australia, and he could only Bay when he consented to take charge of the measure he must have allowed his judgment to give way to his extraordinary good nature. They knew how the hon. rnembei could speak when bis heart was enlisted in the matter, and they knew the feeble way in which he intro duced this; in fact, he apologized for it-(The Hon. A. Elyth-l4Ho.')-he said he had not done justice to it— and it was because in his mind he did not conscientiously believe it, and he ques tioned whether he did now. Hia second speech was somewhat better. It was made up of two leading ideas taken from the United States of America, where they were so exceedingly liberal ; hut the hon. member did not tell them the Parliament gave the Companies an Act, ?or allowed them to take advantage Of \- an Act He did not tell them that there the Companies took advantage of an Act which was already passed; and with regard to going to the United States, his hon. friend sneered at them when it suited him as much aa any one there. There was an impression outside that a Company was already formed, and prepared to carry out the work, but after all there was no proposition really before the public: and notwithstanding the power of mind displayed, notwithstanding the advertisements which appeared in the public papers, notwith standing the agencies in every direction, the pres sure which was being brought to bear upon mem bers of Parliament in every form, and that Mr. Kobb, when be could not get one to agree with him, insulted him and Baid, ' Xou are almost like John Eond Phipson'— there was still no scheme before the public except this. When the Hon. Arthur Bljth introduced the matter he said 53 persons had put down their names for a liability of £100 each, of which they had paid £5 deposit. (Hear.) That was the proposition, and he might have to test the feeling of the House as to whether this Bill was a private Rill or not. He belived it was. fair. Ward— ' Hear, hear.') In no case could the liability of these 53 persons by the articles of association exceed £100. Be knew two gentlemen who had put down their names as promoters who had said that if they had examined the matter they should not have done so, and he knew there were others who had regretted joining. The promoters said they had oniy taken up the matter for the good of the colony. They did not propose to make the railway start from the Buna and continue their present line of railway under other circumstances ; but they wanted to go from Port Augusta, and asked for 200,000,000 acres of public land for making the railway. His hon. friend did not say that the railway was necessary, and the question was whether, if a Company came forward to do it, it would be desirable at the present time. The hon. member had not attempted to prove that the railway itself would be a profitable thing, and not one solitary sentence did he say to show that it was necessary. He held in hia hand the report of the Select Committee on the Port Augusta Sailway Bill, No. 22 of 1867. under which the Government gave a guarantee of 5 per cent on 200 miles of railway, which should co3t £4,000 per mile. Mr. Wallace, who was examined, and who represented some of the best moneyed names in the old country, offered to construct the line on a guarantee of 5} per cent for £3,750- one-ninth of the whole work which these gentlemen now pro posed to do. The Legislature did not like that, and now this scheme was brought forward. The promoters said the land was valueless. If it was valueless, were they, who were sent there by their constituents to uphold the integrity of South Aus tralia, to offer English capitalists valueless things in order to make a capital out of it? (Hear, hear.) If tbe land was valueless, as these people made our, they ought to be ashamed of themselves to offer it, and nothing was more disgraceful to a colony than a bubble scheme. It was because the land was proved to be of such gigantic value that they wanted it— (cheerB)— and he rejoiced that it would be so as a reward for their having carried out the gigantic telegraph scheme. Of course, like the land all over Australia, there was a great deal of scrub, but persons who had been there had told him that it embraced some of the finest land in the world. He met Mr. Towler, who had returned from the North glowing with raptures as to thiB land, and he showed him a diamond he picked up, which he said he had been offered £20 for, but Borne days afterwards he saw him, and singularly enough his views had been changed. He knew, too, that Mr. John Boun seven, who spoke at the meeting last night, knew that this was some of the best land. He knew young men who bad thrown up situations in Banks and Insurance Companies to go and stait cattle stations in consequence of the reports of the value of tbe land. They were asked to «ive it away and lock it up for five years; but if the Bill was passed in its present form, and an agreement was entered into with tbe Government, inasmuch as the survey could not be completed in less time, the Government would not be able to deal with an acre till the expiration of five years. Everybody knew what his profession wa«, and this was the statement he had made to Mr. Kqs3. He pledged his reputation as a valuator if durin? these five years the Government offered the land in 10,000-acre blocks it did not fetch at least 5?. an acre— (Hear, hear)— and more than that, he said many of the highly respectable promoters would be the largest customers at from 53. to 10'. Assuming that they got 5s. ah acre for 200.000. 000 acres, that was £50. 000,000, and at Is. an acre it would be £10,000,000. Then was it not monstrous to ask them to give such an extent of land away? There was another thing to be considered, which was the power a large Company had in a small country, and one of the best letters Mr. Samuel Raphael ever wrote-and he admired him ior hia Eublic spirit, though not always the way in which e did things— was that in which he spoke of the power which large Companies exercised in small communities ; but somehow or other his views were changed. (Laughter.) It spoke well for the activity of the canvassers for the scheme. They knew that the district which the Hon. Mr. Blyth represented and the District of Oiika pannga had been crushed by the power of one Company— the South Australian Company— and that some of the best men in those districts had been driven out of them in consequence of that power. If they had a Company of the kind proposed it would dictate terms to the Govern ment, who would be quite powerless to resist them, The promoters said they took this scheme uonol with a view of benefiting themselves, but for the gcod of South Australia. There was a proof tc every statement When be was Mayor of Adelaide a gentleman, now a member of that House, hac given £200 towards tbe erection of the Torrens Dam for the benefit of the public, and therefore he could suppose that these gentlemen put dowr. their £100 each for the benefit of the colony. fl- would say to them— 'If your wish is for th- general welfare of the colony, will you allow nu to insert a clause in the Bill that if, after having got the concession, supposing you get £5,00( for your £100, you will take £4.900 put ir ^rjefr Bhares? What advantage this will give yoi in your negotiation with English capitalists, k show that you do not desire to get anything oul of the affair, but are only taking it up for th- benefit of South Australia. We are anxious U develop our corn-fields, our rice-field?, our coppe mines, and, to show you we arefauite bona fide even excluding Mr. Boss's heavy commission, w- will take out the amount you pay in new shares.1 Would they allow this clause, and also one t- throw open the scheme to the whole of thi country ? (No.) It was by questions of this sor they brought the promoters to the proof. !H- believed many of them would not seek, in thei individual capacity, to get what they now sough to get by a Bill. They would get it, and then the; would sell the concession. There was no pro vision that they should even take it to th English market ; they might take it t- Belgium or America, and divide the proceed amongst them. It was said by Mr. W. Whyte a the meeting last night that those who opposed th scheme were actuated by envy. There was n- envy on his part ; he could have gone into it if hi ? . had liked. He would not care u he thought thi scheme was a right one; he would not grudge thi men who proposed it getting £10,000 or £20,000 (Hear, hear.) He found that this scheme was no Mr. Boss's, but Mr. Boyle's. He did not knoi whether hon. members had heard of him; it ira the same gentleman who was connected with thi JJ^ay/ lats. The whole thing would not bea the light of day if looked into for a moment. I was said that it would bring population to them without which the land was valueless U th* railway was made with coolie labour, what was fc become of the population when it was completed There was not the slightest doubt that the peopli of the colony would be taxed to pay for their sub sistence under the Destitute Board. It ought a! all eventi to be Bhown that the railway wai neces taiyrthat it was likely to pay, and that the con cessions under the Bill were reasonable. It was f=aid last nipht that there was nothing like asking enough. The promoters had asked enough. The Hen. Mr. Btyth said they were men who carried prudence to a fault Would they increase the liability? Perhaps he would tell them. The Hon. Mr. Hart had spoken about a weak part of tbe Fcheme— the deposit. If they paid down the whole of the money they could raise it would only by £11,00'. That. was for 2.000 miles of railway, costing £10,000,OCO. They could not put it «U down, because they said it would cost several hundreds to get the Bill through Parliament, but the Speaker had told them that day in answer to a question he put that it would not cost them a farthing. He had not been spoken to by any of his constituents on the sub ject. Messrs. Mair, Whyte, and Kounsevell, who spoke at the meeting last night, were all interested in tbe scheme, and there were only about 30 person? present. If they were to rush a scheme of this kind, they should be palling the energies of succeeding generations. After tbe statement of the Treasurer with regard to Mr. Ross's treatment of the bullocks, he did not think they ought to follow his statement in the matter, and if he gave them the bollocks and the £11,000 he would not care to accept them. He did not think that even in a scheme of thit kind a deposit of £100,000 would be enough. It ought to be equal to the cost of survey— (Bear, hear)— and he warned hon. members that the same power which could carry the second reading could carry this matter. These things progressed step by step. His hon. friend the member for Gumeracha did not state what the deposit would be, but when the time came he would do bo. He was as anxious to attract popu lation as any one, if they could do it on sound political principles; but he would say that it was not the duty of Parliament to pass a scheme for speculator?, but that it ought only to deal with bona fide Companies. (Cheers.) The Treasurer knew that it was a cardinal principle— and he remembered hearing Mr. Strangways say so— that the Legislature should not pass Acts for specula tive purposes, but shou'd only deal with bona fide Companies. Sow. in what way were these people bound ? At five minutes to 12 o'clock in five years the Government would not know whether they intended to take up the work or not. If- the Northern Territory or the telegraph line was a failure they would not do it, and they would simply be out of pocket not £100 each, but the amount which they bad spent, he Eupposed, including the advertisements, perhaps about £15. The Government would be bound to them ; but they would not be bound to the Govern ment, except to sach an amount of deposit as the House in its wisdom might see fit to put in. If these names were included in a Company bound to cairy out one-fourth of the distance of the scheme he would go to the excesB of liberality to allow them to do it He believed the Northern Territory would be a success, and that the land there would bear a far different value to what it did now. The report of the Committee on the Port Augusta Railway Bill, of which he was Chair man, said that there were at least 10 mines equal to the Blinman within 200 miles of Port Augusta, and the Blinman they knew gave employment to between 1,500 and 2.000 people. They knew that in four or five years the squatters going out and other causes would greatly increase the value of the land, and as the colony would be bound hand and foot to the promoters, it would not be too much to say to them, 'If you believe this scheme will develop the resources of the colony, and that you will get an indirect benefit from it through the increase of . population and trade, will you use your influence to throtr the scheme open to any Company ?' He was sorry that amongst the promoters were personal friends of his own, and men with whom be did business, and it was difficult to shrink from tbe influence which might be brought to bear by them, but he felt that he should oe a traitor to those whe sent him there if he consented to any such scheme without its being remitted to them. He desired to develop the resources of the colony, but the Bill was such that even if it were carried a second time it could not be moulded to the form which he thought desirable, and he should feel it his duty to move that it be read that day six months. If the Government doubted bia word let them put up 10,000-acre blocks of this land, and tbey would see what it would fetch. If the scheme was to develop the resources of the colony and open up the country, he was willing to join the* Govern ment in letting these lands go at a lower rate ; and if the Government passed a Waste Lands Bill specially for that purpose the Treasurer would have no lack of money, and he knew that some of the respectable men whose names were on the promoters' list would be the largest purchasers. Let it be borne in mind that before a white man set his foot here land fetched £1 per acre ; since then it had fetched on the average £1 5s. 61, and it had been sold again by other persons after it had passed out of the hands of the Government at an average of 50s. an acre, and yet they were told that the hind was worthless at the very time they were continually going into the London market to borrow money. He believed it to be only a stock- jobbing scheme entered into by respectable men. If the proposition were that the concessions should be open to the world he should support it; bnt as it was the concessions would be sold by the promoters to the highest bidder, and their interest would cease as soon as they had sold the Bill. It was somewhat painful to oppose the measure, considering the respectability of the names con nected with it; but they were the more bound to do so on that account. Mr. CAKE lose to second the amendment of the hon. member for Sturt, and would say that they liberal land reformers must- hide their diminished headp, for they certainly never imagined anything one-twentieth part as generous as this BUI, which proposed to give one-third of the colony in fee simple to Air. Rosa and his friends the promoters for ninepence an acre, to be Bpent in making a railway whicb, when made, was to be their property also. What a contrast to the parsimony with which land was doled out to the farmer at not less than £1 per acre is the magnificent liberality, of the pro moters of this scheme ; but the only drawback was that the land was to be taken from the public and given to themselves. As for the quantity of laud being too much, Mr. Tomkinson, one of the pro motere, says:— 'They did intend to ask for 300 million acres,' which was more than half the whole colony (Northern Territory included), but they had come down to 200 millions as the very lowest n^ure, yet this least quantity which these promoters in their bashfulness and disinterested modesty dared ask for was more than two-fifths of the whole colony. South Australia, with its Northern Territory, contained 750,00 ) square miles, and the promoters asked for 312,500 square miles. England contained 50,922 square miles ; Wales, 7,397; Scotland, 31,324; Ireland, 32,481; New Zealand. 95,000; Victoria, 86,944; making a total of 304,066 square miles. These figures showed that the pro moters asked for some 5,000.00!) acres beyond the aggregate area of Great Britain, Ireland, New Zealand, and Victoria, and they asked them in this Bill to promise to support the authority of the Company throughout the whole of this vast teiritory, and guarantee their proprietor ship with all its privileges and rights. On a recent occasion, in speaking of the request of the promoters of this scheme that we should hand over to them this enormous quantity of land, he was reported as using the word ?'immodesty,' whereas he spoke of the modesty of the promoters m making such a moderate request when they might and could have asked for more : and he now said that the plan deposited with this Bill, showing how much land they would like to have and where they would nke to have it, was a very elegant plan, avoiding as it did so dextrously all the sterile country 2C0 miles north of Port Augusta, and takmg in, as it did, the fine country and navigable rivers of the Northern Territory, and asking as it did, for as much land as would give to every man mt r^folony' u«c^ UP and divided, a farm of 4,610 acres. This plan was quite a work of art; but it had one fault, in that it re presented the wont half of the American flag— the stripes without the stars— just as this scheme initiated the wont half of American enterprise by trying to give us the land monopolies an 1 political jobbery and labyrinthine rascalities of the America Bailway King without the public use and ralue and reproductiveness of American rail ways, for it was mere idle talk to compare a thin? like this with railways connecting the eastern shores and States of America with the Pacific. There they had the vast populations of the At lactic and the more Western States on one side and tbe wonderful growth of California on the other. Hete we had an arid desert at Port Augusta with a mere handful ef men on it, and a few Government officials at Port Darwin. There they avoided a rough and circuitous voyage ? of many thousand miles round Cape Horn. i equal at least to a voyage half round the world; while here we should compete with , an ocean route in a mild climate and : pacific seas not more than twice as long as the proposed railway. Besides this, the American i railways were made for national purposes to bind ; the various States together by mm bsnda and i common interests at th* common cost, but this was i a project for the benefit of a section only even ol i this colony, fie agreed most thoroughly with all i that could be said as to the necessity for developing . the resources of the country and giving it internal communication, but that internal communication ; might be bought too dear. They should laugh at a man who threw away the best half of a magnificent i estate in order that he might have a road made through it in tbe wrong place. Yet this was what we were requested to do, for this railway did not ( come near our South Australian population, and was still further from that of any other colony, We made a mistake in constructing the Overlanc Telegraph on our own account, but we should make a very much greater mistake if we put i Trans-Australian Kail way in the wrong place siraplj in order that we might have the honour and glory ol paying a huge price for its construction and thei J lose heavily bj working it; for we should have tc rork it, no doubt, as. when the Company had got he land for making it, they would be only too ;lad to forfeit the railway, and leave the colony he very unprofitable and ruinous task of keeping t up. tome very narrow reasons had been given rhy we should sacrifice this immense territory. Jne Adelaide tradesman dragged this bubble icheme into public meetings because he wanted to mport a few more saddles from England, another )ecause he wanted to make a profit on selling )Iaokets to the navvies; and if a large propor ionate amount was really to be expended in re )roductive labour, and if the labourers were to be Australians andt&ot; Coolies, there would be some sense in what they said. But they forgot bat the bulk of the money spent in railway construction was spent in purchasing ltd importing English rails, iron sleepers, car riages, and locomotives, and galvanized iron for stations, so that a mere fraction would be spent in ibis colony either for labour or aught else. For irantof any better argument the proverbial dog in-thfr manger was continually flung at those who irisfced to prevent the promoters from taking this land; bat those who used this comparison every time tbey spoke on the subject forgot that a good ratch-dog was often of great use and value, and that even if it were not so, a few unsavoury com parisons would not prevent members ol that House from performing what they believed to be their iuty, however unpleasant that duty might be, with more than dogged watchfulness and fidelity. They forgot, also (if tbey ever knew), the story of the thief, who said the policeman was a regular dogin the-manger, for he would neither take a thing himself nor let another cove lift it (Laughter.) Eheie could, he thought, be no doubt that if this railway were open for traffic to-morrow shippers from Adelaide to Port Darwin would prefer the route by sea, because goods could be conveyed so much move cheaply by water than by land, and he railway would not have the ghost of a chance n competition for traffic from one side of Aus tralia to the other. The other colonies would :ertainly not send goods intended for Port Darwin so Port Augusta, and as for any prospect of Melbourne or Sydney joining this railway by' branch line, which, as the hon. mover (Mr. Blyth) truly- «aid, 'sounded like a dream,' where could they join it even if they were. willing? Possibly at or near the Eoper, although they could just as easily go to the Gulf of Carpentaria; but in either case what use would the railway or the branch railway be to South Australia? And they were certainly not likely to join this railway at any point south of the Boper country. If they were to pass this Bill in its present form one portion of the railway would, he thought, be made within the 19 years, during which nearly half the colony would be locked up from sale. He referred to the northern end of the line from Port Darwin to Daly Waters, passing as it did through rich lands, watered by navigable riven, capable of growipg various semi-tropical productions, and containing ascertained gold-fields, which might, for aught they knew, rival those of Victoria. It would only be equal justice that if the Company should fail to complete or cease to work the rail way they should forfeit the land given in pay ment for tbe making and working, but they would under this Bill keep tbe land and let us have the costly and ruinous privilege of working the for feited railway. As this Bill was drawn the Com pany formed under it could begin at Port Darwin and make the line through this fine country, which, as the Hon. Mr. Blyth told them when moving this motion, 'has a profitable, gold-field in it, and fine navigable rivers, and is capable of growing cotton, Bugar, rice, coflee, and all the great pro ductions of the East, and is in an excellent position for trade,' Now when they had made the line from Port Darwin so far as to enable them to claim and take this fine country they could then under the provisions of this Bill abandon the rest of tbe scheme, leaving the ostensible reason for this Bill, namely, the crossing of the interior by a railway, untouched. And even if they were to alter this most one-sided Bill, which gave everything to the promoters and secured nothing to South Aus tralia, and inserted a provision that an equal ength of railway shall be laid down at each end of the proposed line, we should not escape the danger which was put along with other objections by 'Iota,' in the Etgitter of Friday. May 17-' The Bill before the Bouse should be carefully watched. up to the present time the question whether the Company should have 200,001,000 acres for making the railway has alone been considered. The land required is in fact about one-half of South Australia to the north of Port Augusta; but there were other matters of equal importance to be considered. Supposing the Company made part of the line only— say 200 or 300 miles from each end-and left the rest unmade, the Company would not be oound to complete the line, and would be entitled to retain all the blocks of land adjoining the rail way as far as it was made. The only forfeiture was the unprofitable railway itself, which it wai kindly proposed should be taken by the Govern ment, and of course worked at a loss. There was another objection to the Bill. The whole of the land mentioned in the schedule would be locked up for 19 years. Until the expiration of that time the Government could not let or sell it, nor issue any mining, timber, or other licences foi that part of South Australia. For instance, the whole district of the Boper would be locked up foT 19 years; even the existing rights of present occupants were not reserved. The Bill was one of those rough contracts which was sure to end in dispute and litigation, and South Australia would again suffer as in tbe case of the Northern Territory and the Overland Telegraph. One white elephant was bad enough, but they would soon have three. (Hear, hear.) These were by no means Blight objections, but the hon. movei of this motion argued that the promoters of the scheme were such prudent andpratriotic and disin terested men that it must needs be a good thing for the colony. He said they were prudent to a fault, and so they were no doubt. But as for the . patriotism and the disinterestedness, he believed they were quite equal to the modesty, and that the sum of all three qualities might be very properlj termed an unknown quantity. Certainly there t was no fault of excess in it The prudence was, however, unmistakable. See, for example, the way in which ill-natured folk said they were now tiying to catch the support of waverers. Fearins that outsiders might see what was being done and make an outcry, they proclaimed their intention of greatly increasing the number of shares so as i to give them the hope that if they would assist in the operation of fleecing the public they should have part of the plunder. But like prudent met as they were, they carefully deferred from time tc time the division of the shares until it was seer whether the Bill would pass; because, if so, the : division must be made oneway; if not, it must b* \ made another way. If the Bill was lost outsiders , must feel they had lost shares, and perhaps heir, to pay for the loss; but if the Bill became law they must have no shares to lose. He knew that the promoters were 'all honourable men,' but as far as he could judge honourable mer needed quite aa much watching as anybody else, and more as far as they were concerned, for jailort and policemen looked after the thieves, but the] had to watch the honourable^. Some of the pro moters were styled honourable with great pro Eriety, for one-third of the members of the Uppei (ouEe had shares in this delicate and modes! scheme to hand over to themselves or theii nominees more than two-fifths of the colony it fee-ample. He would not speak thus if it wen merely a question of the possession of a few leasef or the expenditure of a few thousands of pounds, or even a vote of no confidence in a Ministry ; bui on the much more important question of the ! second reading of this Bill, which proposed tc create the most gigantic land monopoly the work ever saw, and give more than two-fifths oi the whole colony at a nominal price to a Company of land sharks, money-lenders, and speculators ii -railway shares, he was bound to speak the whol- truth whatever the pain or cost to himself mighl be. If he was charged with being personal h- could truly reply there had been a remarkabh 'absence of any argument in favour of this Bill except the personal argument or assumptioi continually repeated in various forms that thi promoters were too good to be unkind. Thi argument was as unconclusive as that of the mat caught in a farmer's henroost one dark night, who in order to show that he had no felonious inten tiod, took a prayer-book out of his pocket with hit name written on the first page. Instead of proo that this was a good BilL the promoters pre sented a certificate of good character signed b: the Register, and countersigned by the Govern ment organ, the Advertiser, who both said the; were very respectable men; and at every publi. meeting their friends took up the refrain, an- repeated it again like well-trained parrot ?whistling together to the same old tune 'What very respectable men.' (Laughter. The Advertiser of the 16th May, in order to shot that tbe project was not a swindle, and for want o a better argument to show that the Bill was a gocx one. recited the names of some of the promoters Here history repeated itself, for they hadseei some of these names before as holders of Northen Territory land-orders. There was a good ol- proveib, 'Once bit, twice shy,' and they knei how veiy generous and forbearing these gentlemei 'were when they dealt with the public of Sout! Australia under an Act of Parliament. In the sal and survey of lands in the Northern Territory w dealt partly with the same men, and wholly wit! men of the tame class as the promoters-reaped able men, old colonists, honourable men, me who had made money in the colony-and how di they treat us? First, they induced the Governmet to delay tbe survey, and then took advantage of th self-same delay to repudiate the bargain, and the eued the Government for breach of contrac Did they not refuse doable the quantity of Ian and then try their utmost to write down Sout Australia and South Australia loans in the Englis papers? Had we not lost thousands of pounds i tbe sale of our loans in consequence of thei action ? Had tbey not plunged us; into enormot law expenses and with more than Shylock-Ui rvindictivefietf refused all equal terms of settl meet, and had we not found that this unfortunal colony had no enemies so savage and eo treacherous as these respectable honourable old colonists who had made money in it ? And now it was proposed in this Bill to trust those forbearing and patriotic gentlemen in an affair which was at least one hundred times as large as tine former transaction in which they bit us so severely. (Hear, hear.) He fully believed the statement of the hon. mover (Hon. JLBlytb) (hat he was not animated by any private motive in bringing in this Bill : but it was . of the very essence of projects like this that some - man of approved honesty should be put in front. Mr. Secretary Cra^gs— immortalized by Alexander Pope in the lines beginning— . ? . ' Statesman, yet friend to truth, of soul severe, In action generous, and in honour clear'— Was as honest as the day ; but he believed in the' South Sea Bubble, and upheld it. Thousands lost by it, and he lost also, so proving his honesty. But the question before them wai the second, reading of that infamous Bill, and not the good; character of the hon. member for Gumeracha* He wished he .was as Bhrewd ae he vat honest in th* case, and felt inclined to say to him a* Sir Toby 1 ' Dost tbou. think, because thou art virtuous, There shall be no more cakea and ale f Would human nature cease to be human nature, and monopolisers of land and railway speculators and Northern Territory shareholders become chivalrous and generous in their dealings with the State because the Hon. Arthur Birth had consented ! to serve their purpose by taking charge of this Bill ! As for binding these men fast, and securing ' themselves by Act of Parliament, they bad j thought that had been done in the Act for the i settlement of the Northern Territory. Everybody ! had said at the time that it was not to cost South ! Australia one penny. People always thought so, and were always disappointed. Lawyers and legislators could not checkmate landsharks, either when they took square miles under the Land Act, or nun dreds of millions of acres ai under this very liberal ; Bill. And an Act dealing with, land never Tras so j constructed as to secure the public from imposi- : tion or litigation, because, although they might j punish, they could not prevent fraud by Act of ! Parliament. (Hear hear.) But if the hoa. member who had charge of the BUI was never to ! honest, could ho rule the promoters, and if they had ! become such changed characters as to be as good as | himself, or better, could they rule the English ' capitalists, who would have to find the money if ' this railway, was made, or guarantee their. good faith and fairness, or. what was of far more conse quence, could they guarantee that the Company ! would not defraud and oppress the thousands of tenants who would have to live under them ? (Bear, , hear.) Companies did not sell land— the South Australian Company to wit, which had ruined some of the fairest spots in the colony ; and the ' Burra Company, which would not self a miner's homestead. The worst sort of landlords were : absentees, and the worst sort of absentee land lords Companies, which, as they had neither a body to be kicked nor a soul to be saved, were above or below the influence of humane motives, and treat men only as so many figures or cyphers in an account. (Applause) Many of the tenants of ; this land would be close to tbe sea, and many more i than 300 miles from any part of the railway, such ! was the vast extent of the territory given by the ? Bill ; and as it could be of no use to these tenants or occupiers of land, why should they be given ' up to perpetual serfdom in payment for it ? If the quantity of land given wete far less than was here proposed, he would still oppose the BUI, because he knew of nothing so baneful to society and so injurious to a nation's welfare as absentee proprietorship. He had seen the occupiers ; of some of the best land in the colony ruined and ' the land as well because all they could make for 20 years in succession had to go to an English landlord or Company. When the promoters said they did not want this immense quantity of land for themselves, and that it waa pure patriotism on their part, as all they wanted was to hand over the land to an English Company, who would make the railway, they only made the matter worse m his eyes. They proposed to give to a Company of absentees a property nearly four times as large as Victoria, or ten times as large as Ireland— to give that vast property and the ownership thereof for all time to absentees— to multiply the curse of Ireland— ab- senteeism-tenfold, and then plant it in our midst to fester and grow for ever. (Hear, hear.) How could they imagine we would do this thing i Row dare these promoters insult the common sense and common honesty of the House by supposing members could be so credulous, or careless or corrupt as to pass this Bill? (Hear, hear.) In the schedule of this Bill, and on the map generally known now aa the ' eye opener,' was as much land as would give a farm or rather a run of 15,400 acres to every farmer in the colony. As for saying it was worthless land, the same thing had been said of Smithfield and the Gawler Plains, the agricultural areas, and all the best lands of the colony in turn, by those who wanted to keep them for themselves. 'It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer; but when he is gone his way then he bpasteth.' (LaHghter.) The hon. mover of the motion had, however, well described the northern half of the land as one of the finest countries in the world— gold-bearing, well watered, fertile, and excellently well situate for trade. (Hear, hear.) If it were a question of hand ing over the Territory with its liabilities and the cost of government, and placing it in good hands, much might have been said in favour of such a course; but these prudent men wanted us to throw away more than half the Territory, and proposed to leave us all its present liabilities and the cost of Government for the future. Our former folly had already imposed heavy liabilities and burdens surely it would be well to try to ascertain the extent of that folly and the cost of our present lawsuits with Northern Territory land-order-holders before we plunged into greater mistakes. Already the Go vernment had had one little bill from the hon. and learned member for West Torrens (Mr. Boucaut) for more than £2,000. (An bon. member —'A private bill.') That bill was but as a drop before the thunderstorm, for the damages and costs into which we were cast, and which we would be required to pay, would astonish both the House and the country. (Hear, hear.) The legal members of the House knew the axact truth of what he said, and although the Bill would give the profession a golden harvest, he appealed to them to help to save the country from a blunder a hundred time3 larger and more costly than that perpetrated in the Northern Territory Settlement Act. (Hear, hear.) Because this Bill would plunge the country into an 'uiiaity of cost for no profit; because it would ;?eaUy foster political immorality, and promote to an immense extent that bane of society, absentee ownership; because it would create an enormous land monopoly: and because it tried to rob the people of South Australia of more than two-fifths of the lands of the colony he would, to the utmost of hU power, oppose it. (Applause,) Mr. SOLOMON wished to ask-First If this Bill was a private Bill? Secondly. If that was so, whether 5 per cent of the amount to be expended had been deposited according to Standing Order 29 ? Thirdlv. Was the Company a registered Com pany according to the statement in House Paper 81? Fourthly. If not, had it any right to ask for the concession of a Bill. And fifthly. If such a Bill, seeking to alienate Crown lands, was in accordance with Standing Order 50 in reference to private Bills? Mr. WARD was just about to raise tho-?e points when Mr. Solomon rose. If the Speaker ruled that the BUI was a private Bill it could not be further pressed in its present position he apprehended. The first clause of the Bill differed from the reso lution that had been agreed to in the House. The resolution affirmed the desirability of the railway being made, and inasmuch as this BUI expressly spoke of an agreement being entered into with a Company already formed, he respectfully must point out that the Bill was a private Bill, and could not be proceeded with. The Hon. A. BLYTH said that as the hon. member who had put the question had raised no less than five, and as it would be well that the Speaker should have time to reply, he would suggest that an adjournment for that purpose should be allowed. Already a question as to its being a private Bill had been answered from the The SPEAKER- No; he should take time to reply. He had, however, never before been asked as to the nature of the Bill. He would ask for an adjournment. Mr. KA.MSAY would move that the debate be adjourned till Wednesday next. The Hon. A. BLYTH did not wish t# oppose an adjournment, but merely wished that on the day fixed for the resumption of the discussion it should be understood that they should go on with it. Mr. BOUCAUT— There coulabe no objection to go on with the debate subject to the Speaker's ruling being given. Mr. WARD wished to ask Mr. Bamsay, in his motion for adjournment, to agree to name Wednes day fortnight It was very necessary that a matter of such importance should be taken in a full House, and if it were on the Paper for Wednesday next, owing to other notions it might not come on till a late hour, when many hon. members, not knowing with certainty about Us being proceeded with, might ' be absent If it were placed on the Paper for Wed ! nesday fortnight it might be put first in the Orders of the Day, and then would be sure to come on at 4 o'clock. If it was necessary he begged to move an amendment to that elect . Mr. BOUCAUT asked, if this was decided to be a private Bill about the conditions of which the rules of the House had not been complied with, would it be competent for the hon. member to introduce a Bill in accordance with the resolution carried ? The ATT0B5EY-0ENEBAL (Hon. O. Steven- son) wished to know when the Speaker would be prepared to give his decision. TbcSPEAKKB— When the question was next called on. The Attorney- General had raised the point in reference to the BUI being a private BUI, but it had been to the Chairman of Committees, and not to the Speaker in tbe House. It was when — — r ? = — f ? -. ~ '' he motion of the bon. member for Gumeracha ras taken in Committee. ? ? Mr. BRIGHT thought that the motion of Mr. iamsay should be agreed to. The question had iow been before the House and the country for a reat length of time, and it should as soon as pos ible be dealt with, as it was useless to go post toning it from week to week and month to month. le hoped on the day to which it should adjourned hey would all come prepared, as he' should do, to [ive his reasons for voting for or against the Dfsaiure. Mr. TOWN SEND seconded the amendment of dr. Ward, and wonld ask the hon. member for jumeracha (Hon. A. BlyUi) to allow the adjouro nent to Wednesday fortnight as he was sure the ion member did not want the Bill passed by a 'ntp^i vote ? . i ? ' * ' ? Mr. SOLOMON hoped that a question of such mpoitance as this would be so placed on the fotice-paper that bon. members would be sure rhen it was coming on for consideration, and he berefore hoped Mr. Ward's amendment would be *wfed. ???-??- ? - ^ Mr. BBAY thought it shoved that Mr. Towni »d took a narrow view when he wanted the natter adjourned to a far-off day, when he had limself had all his say upon it The Speaker, he inderetood, would eve bis decision on the BUI rhen called on; and next Wednesday it would lepesd upon Mr. Ward, who bad two motions ipon the'Paper, whether the House had an pppor unity of considering it or Hot But he did not hink time would be saved by the course asked for, is hon. members' would all wish to speak on this subject, and tbe debate would not finish for two Wednesdays. He hoped hon. members would mpport the motion for adjournment till that day ireek. Mr. BOUCAUT would support the hon. junior member for Gumeracha, as he thought the Speaktr lid not require much time to give his decision, and )ipbably, whatever way be ruled, the House, pnshing to act in the matter as a public and not a private one, would allow of a public BilL He hought the adjournment for a fortnight was ,ot likely to bring any good, and that he hon. member who bad moved it was aot light in doing so with a view to its being Fairly discussed, when be probably anticipated that ;he ruling of the Speaker would put a stop to dis :u£sion. He hoped tiut the amenument would not be pressed. „ Mr. BUNDEY showed it was not well that the debates of the House should be adjourned so fre luently from time to time. He had listened with STeat pleasure to the remarks made by speakers *ho had addressed the House, and might desire to touch upon some of them, but after long adjourn ments that was next to impossible. He pointed out that all members must speak on this Bubject. [The Treasurer— 'No, no.') The Hon. the Trea surer said 'no, no,' but he differed from him, and For that reason he hoped that the amendment would not be pressed. The ATTOKNKY-GENKRAL (Hon. O. Steven- son) proposed that the Order of the Day should be adjourned till the 28th, and be allowed to be first on the Paper. Mr. LAKE should support the amendment of Mr. Ward, because he thought they ought to have a full day. for discussing the question, and that they were likely to have a fuller attendance that day fortnight than that day week. The amendment was negatived, and the motion for adjournment for a week carried. THE ADELAIDE FIRE BRIGADE. Further consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Solomon— 'That an address be presented to His Excel lency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause' a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 1873, for the purpose of subsidizing the cost of maintaining a fire brigade for the protection of property in Adelaide and Port Adelaide against fire. ' Mr. SOLOMON said he bad no objection to accept the amendment proposed by the Govern ment, to reduce the sum to £250, provided they would agree to forego that part which made it con ditional on the Municipalities of Adelaide and Port Adelaide subscribing a like amount. He had no doubt tbe Corporations would provide a similar amount: but he objected to tbe condition, because tbey had no power to enforce their doing it. During the discussion on this question it had been stated that in no other part of the world were Fire Association* subsidized in a free supply of water but in this. That was a mistake. He had received a telegram from one of the principal Insurance Companies in Victoria, stating that in no part of the world was water paid for for the purpose of suppressing fire, and he found by Imperial Act, No. 10 of 1847, which consolidated the laws relating to the Water Companies in Great Britain, which were private Companies, it was provided that they should allow water to be used for their pipes at all times for the extinguishing of fire without any compensation being given for the same. And it was the same in other parts of the world. To a certain extent he admitted that the amendment of the Government w;as just in principle, and he thought the City of Adelaide and also the Port Bhould contribute towards the Fire Brigade, because, if a fire took place which destroyed a large portion of property in either place, the Corporation, until it was rebuilt would be minus the amount oi assessment which they otherwise would be able U collect. But at present it must be left to them to say voluntarily whether they would contribute, and until they were positively compelled to do so he asked the Government not to make it a condition that they should. It had been said by several hon. members that, supposing the Government insured the whole of their'propercy, there would not be capital enough in the Companies represented by the petitioners to pay the amount if they were to be destroyed by fire. That was preposterous, for only a short time ago one of the Companies represented— the Liverpool and London— paid no less than £600,000 towards the fire iu Chicago. There were 12 or 13 other Companies, and the amount represented by the English one was over £30,000,010 of paid-up capital. Therefore it was absurd to say that they could not pay in case of fire. But be did not think the insurance of the Government buildings would meet the case in point. Supposing it were divided amongst the various Insurance Companies, it would be a con sideration for them, but it would not meet the question of principle, which was that private patties were compelled to support the Fire Brigade solely out of their own resources, whilst the public Kroperties. besides their own, would in case of fire ave the benefit of their exertions. He therefore thought a small subsidy should be given. Some hon. members had spoken as if, in case of fire, little damage was likely to accrue to the Govern ment buildings because they were of stone; but the Royal Exchange in London— a finer building than any in the colonies— was completely gutted by fire. Then there waa tbe fire at Chicago, which destoyed pretty nearly the whole city. (The'frea surer- ' 'Not stone buildings.' ) A large number were. And a more recent case had been the fire in Japan, which was not stopped till it reached the margin of the sea. He had seen extensive fires in Aus tralia, and be did not think buddings being of stone saved them very much, though it did from total destruction. For reasons he had stated he hoped the Government would not press the amendment in the form they proposed it, because it would be virtually bringing the motion to naught, for there was no power to compel the Corporations to give the subsidy, Mx. WARD shouid vote against the amendment, because he could not see that the Insurance Com panies had any claim upon tbe House. (Hear, hear.) They entered into what they considered a profitable business, and kept up a brigade to lessen the losses. There was one thing he wished to call the attention of the House to. He had called the Ministry once 'a Ministrj of mediums,' and he must repeat it. The; did not take a bold stand and say they would give this £500 or they wou,d not, but said thei would give £250. (Ihe Treasurer— ' No, we do not do that') They stated they would support an amendment for £250. (Mr. Solomon— 'subject to a proviso.') That was a medium course U pursue— another proof of want of courage another indication that their course was a vacil latins7 one. He mentioned the fact to show thai the Ministry was a medium one. He would not say they were a half-and-half Ministry, be cause if that were the case it would make a whole (Laughter.) Mr. TOWNSENO did not know if they were t- discuss whether the Ministry was one of mediums, but there was nothing but what there might bt worse. Only fancy the Ministry of which Mr Ward was a member. (Laughter.) Heshudderec at the thought. (Laughter.) The hon. membe said that the Insurance Companies kept u| tbe brigade for their own benefit. That o course was the primary object, but if the: served the public they were entitled U something for such services. Although thi Government buildings were not insured, he believe* the brigade would turn out in case of a fire (Hear, hear)— and that was worthy of considers i tioa. He wasjeertain that if the Government wen ! to insure their buildings, it could be done for some | thing like 3s. 6d.— perhaps the whole amount couli 1 not be covered here, but part be insured in thi , other colonies. They must bear in miod that ii ' email communities their organizations were ver; important He believed that in America then were volunteer fire brigades, and if that was th case, the Government should help in what was fo the general good. If the amendment for insurano were not carried, he should vote for the othe i amendment. „ I The TREASURER (Hon. J. H. Barrow) sal : they were much obliged to Mr. Ward for givio, : them poetry in tbe morning and prose in th afternoon— Daughter) -and he was sure they wer ! delighted to read bis verses that morning. H i talked about the vaciUaticg policy of the Govert i ment; but perhaps if any one were to give him j dictionary he could ascertain the proper use c words. The vacillating policy of the Governaaec ? was that they laid a thing and stuck to it, and th ' hon. member could put that into poetry aa » publish it the next da* if he liked. (Laughter; and Mr. TownsendV^As an advertisement.') . The Government said,* they would meet tbe case ; by giving £250 if the Corporations of Adelaide! ' and Port Adelaide would give a like amount and ; their vacillating policy would be to stick to the same thing now. If the Corporations wewnofc 4 prepared to advance the money, and the Mayor* ?aid to tke Government 'We will aliowlou to deduct it from the grant in, aid,' that woulS serve the purposeMHear. hear)-but the Govern ment objected to collect the £250. It was absurd ' and unworthy of a: man with the ability : pt tbe hon. member to talk about the vaciN latisg policy of the Government and all that rot, A. Ministry of mediums I What stuff it , was, and unless the hon. member wished to make . himself the laughing-steck of the colony, to talk; Euchiubbishasthat. He was trying to tunl the Bouse into a Debating Club; but he wai sura tha Bouse would not have it, and he would find It a losing game. .As, to insuring Government build- ?, ings, they did not intend to do so If they wished ' toiDsure them they should do so ; tut they would cot doit for the sake of giving a subsidy under a false pretence. The Hon. A. BLSTH objected to the motion* altogether, it was one of a class of motion* they were continually having brought before them, and it was curious that in this colony nothing could be done without help from the Government. It was very necessary in muddy weather to have , a Shoeblack Brigade, and if one were started be supposed the Government would be asked to lubsidize it. If the Government proposal were :amed the Government would be only giving ,£250 ' owards the fire brigade, which would otherwise be . ;iven to the Corporation. He was in favour ol nsuring Government buildings, and should vote or Mr. Hart's amendment. He was sure that if hat was carried th« Government would not say hey did not intend to insure them. If it did not pay the insurance offices to keep up the fire . brigade let them put on a little extra insurance. If they rendered assistance to buildings that were hot insured tbey had power to recover something. (Mr. Solomon-*1 Very little.') r Mr. GLYDE said the hon. member no doubt * thought he made a good point about shoeblacks, but if it were the law or the custom that they ^ should black the shoes of all members of Parlia ment aad Government officers— (Mr. Townsend— 'A dirty job' and lauRhter)-there would be tome reason for asking for a subsidy. He thought tbe Insurance Companies had a claim upon the Government. The hon.. member had limited his claim to £250 without conditions, and he should vote with him. He did not think it was advisable to ask the Government to insure their buildings. They were their own insurers. Mr. BOUCAUT agreed with Mr. Blyth in saying that it was too much the practice to come to the Government for grants, and on that ground he should vote against the motion. He also agreed with Mr. Glyde that the Government should be their own insurers, and should therefore vote against the amendment. Mr. WARD would endeavour to comply with , the request of the Treasurer. He wanted a rhyme, and he had no objection to endeavour to comply with his request. He would, through the Chairman, address him thus :— 'To say your policy is vacillating , . j t Is plainly very irritating; , But keep your temper while you draw your pay. And give us all our candid say.' : (Loud and continued laughter.) The Hon. A. BLifTH. pointed out, in answer to Mr. Solomon's statement, that the amounts re coverable for fires on unsured property were vere email; that £5 could be be charged for a chimney catching fire, and theie were various other charges whereby a considerable bill could be made up. , Mr. TOWNSEND- And quite rightltoo. If a person did not insure others who did had to pay a higher rate. The Hon. Mr. Blyth had said that if his house was on fire he would walk out and let it bum. He remembered that when a youth in London he took a cab and went to the houso of a merchant to tell him that his warehouse was on fire, when tbe owner placed hie head out of the window, stating, Tm insured; good night Towneend,' and shut the window, leaving him to pay the cab fare. (Laughter.) The best way. was to take care that your place was insured, ana when it was insured let it burn. Mr. SOLOMON said the only remedy when a chimney was allowed to catch fire was by taking the party to the Police Court and getting them fined 5s., unless the brigade had actually played on the fire. He was sure the House would not say that the brigade should be kept up for the pro tection of property that paid nothing towards it. Not one-thud of the property in the city, including that of the Government, was insured. He believed the net loss to the Insurance Companies was £1,000 a year, and they felt that it was very hard to pay that, not only tor the protection of places insured, but those that were not. It was a bad taste for Mr. Ward to use such a narrow-minded argument as to say it was the duty and to the interest of private Companies to protect property from which they received no benefit. Mr. Derrington's amendment to strike out all the words after 'that,' and insert the words 'it is desirable that the Government buildings in the City of Adelaide and elsewhere should be insured against loes or damage from fire,' was negatived. The amendment to strike out the words '£500' and ' subsidizing' with a view of insert ing '£250' and 'supplementing to an equal amount any sum or sums applied by the Corpora tions of Adelaide and Port Adelaide towards' was carried; but the motion to insert these words waB declared negatived. Mr. SOLOMOxN called for a division. Mr. WAKD asked the Chairman if shareholders in the Insurance Companies could vote. The CHAIRMAN— No persons who are share* holders or Directors in one of the Companies who have petitioned can vote, as they are personally and pecuniarily interested in the matter. Mr. TOWNSEND- SupposinK a person has shares which he has purchased, but which are not transferred? Mr. BOUCAUT-I would not answer him if2I were you, Mr. Chairman. The CHA1RMAN-I have already stated what the practice of Parliament is. (Hear, hear.) The division was taken as follows : - Ayes, 6— Ihe Attorney-General, the Commisv sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Duncan, liogerff, Solomon, and the Treasurer (teller). Noes, 9-Messrs. Blyth, Bright, Bundey, Conner, Hart, Lake. Mann, Ward, and Boucaut (teller). Majority of 3 for the Noes. ECCLESIASTICAL PRECEDENCY ADDRESS. Adjourned debate on mutioa for adoption. The Hon. J. HART thought at the present late hour it would be well, with the consent of the Government, to make the question an Order of the Day for Tuesday. (The Treasurer— 'Not for ' Tuesday.'') Mr. BOUCAUT (who had previously moved the adjournment of the debate) would move that it be readjourned till Wednesday or Friday. The Hon. J. HART objected to the matter being postponed so long. It was said that he had no desire for the address to pass, but he was anxious that it should, so that the grievance should be remedied. As the House seemed to wish the Question to be discussed now, he would agree to that being done. Mr. WARD would second the motion that the debate be adjourned till Wednesday. Mr. BOUCAUT, ss the subject was not new, and had before been discussed in all its bearings, would not venture to detain the House long in what he had to say, whether the hour was late or early. He should be quite warranted in going on at great length, and talking against time, as the request made for adjournment had not been assented to. He wished to know in what way the debate was to be taken -were they to take the paragraphs of the address one by one. The SPEAKER- No. Mr. BOUCAUT might say that he was not going to move an amendment, as he disapproved altogether of what the House was doing in an address being resorted to at all He thought it a fatal mistake. Would the .'question be considered as one ? The SPEAKER-Thc question would be the adoption of the address brought up by the Com mittee. Mr. BOUCAUT would then move as an amend ment that the address be taken into consideration that day bit months. He would not waste time in criticising the address, although it seemed to him rather defective even in ita grammar. He hoped that that portion referring to the prerogative would be struck out, as he did not think it was necessary. They had been told that a letter had been written by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide renouncing hie prece dency, snd that therefore there was no necessity to carry an address. They had been told that the precedency would not be interfered with by tha English Government, unless by consent of the Bishop, and be thought there was now no reason for asking for the abolition of what had already been resigned. (An hon. member— 'For the future.') They had already been told W the Secretary of State that no future Bishop should have tbe honour conceded to him. (The Treasurer —'Tbe Archdeacon.') And was tbe House so fond of discussing important questions that they thonld spend another fortnight in discussing the small question of an archdeacon? It hadoeen said that tbe Bishop's power to bold precedency bad been contained in bis letters patent; but no one would say that the Archdeacon held his from the same reason. It must be exceedingly grateful to the feelings of hon. members to find that the Bight Bev. Prelate nob only managed the weighty affairs connected with the episcopal duties of the Church, but con descended to waste a few moments in order to sea that their proceedings were worthy of his approba tion. He had said so in his letter, but he (Mr. ' Boucaut) looked at tbe matter in quite a different (: light be would not say that it was impertinent' on the part of the Bight Kev. Prelate, but if wnafe{lj j he had said was said advisedly he would characf-/! 'waB now before the House, hut no discussion udou ''it bad jet been gene into; ?aid he would point out ; that this qucEtiou he had raised aUcc'cd the whole .Question of how tliev should deal with the 2;roHhein Territory. The cost of this survey mig'-it \fcimpiy lie money thrown away, as they might be ' ar.ticip.itiug the survey winch the purchasers of ' laud themselves would have to pay for. The Traut-'Joiitinenlal Railway Bill would :iff:ct . a ?considerable portion of land in the .Nor-hern Territory, and several ('iscu:-si6na must come cu which would affect th-2 manner in . which they intended to deal with the Territory. He thought therefore that the House ought to have Letn consulted before the Government did anything which might afl'ect the principles cf the Land Bill before them. Supposing the House said ' it was not desirable to have survey before selection, what position would ihe Government be in in .having incurred the expense of sending out a survey patty without their consent. As he dare eay other hon. members would wish to speak he would content himself with moving the motion. The COMMISSURE K of CROWN LANDS! (Hon. T, Reynolds) was not sorry the hon. member had brought this matter forward, as it enabled him tomake&ome; statements with regard to it which ' he otherwise could not have done. He imagined , that even the mere second reading of the Bill before »iae House would no more justify the Government in sending a survey party away than they were justified now, for the Bill might be very much modified in Committee, or it might be thrown out; in the other House. He would assume, for the sake of argument, that the House would approve of selection before survey, to which the. hon. member referred; they must at all event* have some townships and some suburban lands surveyed, and that was the principal object of sending out the small party, to survey certain townships on the Roper. The Commissioner of. Ciown Lands was very much harassed jast now with applications from the other.colonies and from ? people who wanted to know whether they could acquire lands in the Northern Territory, and he was obliged to say that under present circumstance *' there was none available, and however desirous the hon. member might be of taking the second reading of the Land BUI, he thought he would give the Government the credit of doing their utmost to push on the matter. The hon. member, he understood, iutended no censure upon the Government ; but in tabling this motion he had placed the Government in an awkward position with regard to the eight or ten men who had been engaged to make a survey with a view to forming townshipB on the Koper. Now the question of having selection before survey he should warn the House to be very particular about. If it was true that there were large deposits of gold in the Northern Territory, he very much ques tioned whether it would be proper for the House to sanction such a principle as that. (Cheers.) He knew that a Company was prepared to take, 20,000 acres of land on the Koper at 7s. 6d. or 10s. an acre — (Hear) - and he thought if very doubtful whether they ought to adopt Buch a principle. It might be said that there were men on the telegraph line who would be available for the survey; but the line was not completed yet, and the Government thought it better to send out a small party of five or six rather than take the chance of then- being at liberty. 'Whether the; land was to be open for selection before survey or nat, the survey of township and suburban lands un: the Koper and elsewhere would have to be carried' out. He thanked the hon. member for the spirit! which he had evinced in bringing the matter forward. ' ' Mr. CARR, though he was in favour of free selection before Burvey, thought the explana tion of the Commissioner of Crown Lands ' satisfactory bo far as this, that he had; certainly shown that there was a neces sity for the survey of township and suburban allotments. He hoped, pending the settlement of the question the hon. member for Barossi had raised, the survey of country lands in the Northern! Territory would sot be proceeded with. (The Com missioner of Crown Lands—' Hear, hear.') ! Mr. BKAY also hoped the survey of country, ' lands would not be proceeded with, and perhaps: on an assurance to that effect from the Govern-, merit the hon. member would withdraw the motion. ('Hear, hear' from the Treasury: tenches.) ? Mr. HAMS AY thought that the staff already in, the Northern Territory might perform the survey; without the Government going to additional1 expense. j Mr. LAKE said if he understood perfectly that: the Government only intended to survey township' and suburban lands he should have much pleasure in withdrawing the motion. (Hear, hear.) He had simply mentioned the matter because he thought - when a question had been brought under the, notice of the House for discussion the Government ought to pay some regard to it. Motion withdrawn. i LANGUAGE OF ACTS BILL. : A message was received from the Council, ; agreeing to the amendments made by the Assembly 1 in this Bill. . ADJOURNMENT. , I Mr. ANGAS moved— i ' That the House at its rising do adjourn until ; Tuesday, 23rd July.' , . i They had now been sitting ever since January 19 ; without an adjournment for the benefit of hon. members except during the race days, which wa3 ' applied for by Mr. Conner. It was true that there was an adjournment in order that the present Ministry might mature their policy; but that he maintained was not an adjournment of the nature he now proposed. There were many hon. members residing in the country to whom he knew a month's holiday during the twelvemonths would be very desirable, and he felt confident, whether they had an adjournment or not, the House would sit till Christmas. (Hear, hear.) They had already 49 Bills on their hies, and he presumed they should have 49 more before the end of the year, and if the Government were as desirous of carrying on the business as they seemed to be now, and of remodelling all the Acts in force, they should not get a month's holiday at Christmas. If he had had any idea of the House sittingtiil Christmas without a month's adjournment he would never have consented to sit in that House, and he believed some other- lion, members would say the same. It appeared to him to be a very great mistake that they had no recognised times for Parliament to assemble and disperse. In other countries there was a different system- Jn Canada, he believed, they sat for eighty days, and were paid for silting that time. Whatever time they sat beyond that they got no remuneration, and he believed if they sat there the whole year with no adjournment many members would be dispose 1 to go for pay ment in order to shorten the time and expedite the business. He was decidedly opposed to paymeut of members, but if they were to be kept there the whole year he should go for it for a limited number of days. To members who resided in Adelaide, and who could come in for ten minutes, and then return to their offices, he did not think it was any great hardship for the House to sit. the whole year round; but where they had to come two and three hundred miles the case was very different, and at present several members were away on leave of absence— Measrs. Uiddoch, West, and aiortlock— and were likely to be absent for some time, and other members had expressed their intention of leaving, whether there was an adjournment or not, and he presumed the business would be better conducted in a full House than a thin one. The previous day the House was twice, reduced below a quorum before 6 o'clock, and if hon. members were not found in their placet! 'then, how could they expect during the whole year to keep a' suilicienc number of members present to 'represent . the various interests which were under discus sion there? The question of three or four days'. sittings during the week was decided at the commencement of the session, but; thai was reversed with a view to shorten the session. ? .Now, he, put it whether their sittings during the four days had been shorter than during cue three,. except when the House sat specially late for the pur pose of passiug the Estimates, or to get through other business which the Government desired to dispose of. If the effect of Bitting four days was to have a tendency to shorten the session, the House ought to grant country members the request whiih he. flow brought' forward. This was said to be a' question of town against country members. (No.1' no.) He granted that; but it.was a matter he had moved in on behalf of country members. lie was a cquntry member himself, and he felt it a hard ahip.to be obliged, by the continued sitting of the House,' to live in Adelaide. Many hon. uaembars. wer? in equally if not more trying. circumstances than himself,' 'who had no chance of reaching home everrfora Sunday's rest. He hoped the subject would meet with, due consideration, in the House, and that'such a teaaotiable and necessary request would be complied With. ' ?) ' ' ' ' Mr. PfiAKCE seconded. --'?-' ?-.'-. v . Mr. CONNER moved an : amendment adjourn S8 ** , e House from its rising! untd ths 23th June, iie felt that with the important business ' before thevHouse-th'e Land Bill, the Road Bill.- the Immigration Bill, and the Insolvency Bill were iin fcniahed, and the Educational Bill had not'res'bian cemmenced-the constituencies would not apuro've °f .an. adjournment, ? It would take four weeks' °2E°J;J!ne best sitting time the House could have: anu;tton. members knew that in hot weaiher it was ? objetfipnable to sit there, and there was a demand for icedirater and iced' something else^flaughter) -wbic.hit took a great deal to satisfy. ' The hon.' mettiber *ad aJuded to the adjournment the ML' jY-^ » -J^ ia Queen's Birthday; holiday;0 Simply; extended to meet the con vemence . ot .hon. members who ? desired to attend, the races. Reference had also been made to ..the waste ,of time of the House He could .appeal , to hop. members. whether, any one had taken up indre.tjine thin the lion, memba fo Farbssa. The hon. member , had told them if the adjournment was not '.granted he! should absent fcimdeif from -his placein' the House: It wa3:duite possibie the House coald get on without the hon. member; though hon. members were, BO thick beaded, they would endeavour to do their work without eniighltnment from that hon. . member. There was a time approaching when several hon. members would wish to leave, and one hon. member cot now present had told him that when shearing time came round he would have to go, but he would not ask the House to adjourn on that account. tie did not think hon. members could very well face their constituents now, after so little had been dene. As to getting country members against town members, he did not think that was the case; and, in fact, there were country members there who would vote against the motion, and did not believe that *n adjournment would be for the gcod of the couctry. We were too backward in the business o^ the country to allow any deUy. especially as important questions were pending, as, For instance, the question introduced that day by the hon. member Mr. Lake. The adjournment would run the session through to Christmas, and he hoped the House would affirm the amendment. Mr. PEAElE regretted the tone of the remark* of the hon. member, and believed it was the first time in that House when any hon. member bad made a question of this character to have such a personal beating as his hon. colleague had given to it. The remarks were in bad taste, and it had pained him to hear them. (Hear, hear.) He was quite sure that the House would admit that busi ness could not go on so well in the absence of even one member as if all were present ; and any member unnecessary to the effectiveness of tne House was only losing his time in being there. As to consti tuencies complaining of the House having sat already four months and done nothing, he should not take that into very serious consideration, as hon. members were there to do their best. He did not agree the House had done nothing. He regretted that not so many Bills had been finished as there would have been if there had been fewer and shorter speeches ; but this adjournment was aa absolute necessity to enable hon. members to attend to their own private business. He felt this to be so in his own case, and though he did not occupy a larger share of space than other hon. members, yet he respectfully held that legislation would not be so good if he absented himself as it would be if he were present to assist in it (Hear, hear, and laughter.) At any rate, he should like to be able to express an opinion in reference to measures brought under the consideration of the House. He did not think the House would be at all disposed to lay aside the courtesies of fife that would be observed in private society, and refuse to meet the convenience of hon. members. (Hear, hear.) If he thought that this adjournment would prolong the session he would not vote for it, as he would rather sit there in June than in January; but his past experience led him to believe they would sit until Christmas whether the adjournment was agreed to or not (Hear, hear, and No. no.) He should therefore support a month's adjournment, and would have preferred making it a fortnight but for the consideration that such a short time would be of no no use to some hon. members, particularly those who re sided in the South-East, and he was bound to consider their convenience as well as his own. In the meantime the government would have leisure to mature their measures, and hon. members would come back prepared to work with fewer words than heretofore. He confessed he sup ported the motion on personal grounds ; but what was his case was the case of other bon. members, who, like himself, had to neglect their own private business. Four days a week sitting in the present session had had the effect of forcing him out of the House more than any previous session. He hoped the Government would support the motion out of' consideration to those hon. members who were, anxious to push the business of the country' forward. , i Mr. ROGERS would be guided by the action of; the Government in this matter. He should bs glad of a month's holiday, but he had come into the Bouse prepared to devote tne whole of his time to the business of the country. It waa perhaps; desirable that the Government Bhould nave a: month's holiday, and on reassembling the House might then learn what the future policy of the Government would be. (dear, hear and laughter.) Mr. HUGHES said no hon. member of that House, he was sure, could attend from year's end: to year's end with so little inconvenience as him self; but in this question they were bound to con sider the position of country members, who were, necessitated to return to their homes to look alter their affairs. . He agreed with the hon. member Mr. Pearce that legislation could not go on so well in the absence of even one hon. member as it would when he was present, because he might' more than any other be peculiarly qualified to afford information on a question. He would re mind hon. members that they went into session on the J 9th January, and he saw no probability of the House going into recess before Christmas. He protested against sitting for twelve months, and he should support an adjournment. He would have agreed to a shorter time than a month ; but the hon. members for the South-East, having to travel such a long distance, would not find that time sufficient He hoped hon. members would endeavour to meet each other in this matter. They must remember that there were 50 Bills on hon. members'. files to which very little had been yet done. Last tune the Land Bill was before the House the Committee had only passed two clauses, and on the previous occasion only one, and at this rate there would be no end. Then the real business of the session did not fairly commence until the Estimates were laid on the table and the financial statement was made— (Hear, hear)— and they could not expect the Government to bring these matters forward whilst their time to tbe extent of four days a week waa occupied in the House. The Government had evinced a creditable industry, but they must have time to get their Estimates prepared. The country ttould rather gain than lose by a short adjourn ment, and hon. members would come back to their work refreshed. Already he could point to the vacant chairs of absent members— -' Only one')— and if tbe House decided still to continue its sittings other seats would become vacant. For himself he could say he was not going to sit there throughout the twelve months without rest. It was a sacrifice that few hon. members would be content to make, and would be hurtful to health. At the present rate at which business was being carried on hon. members were only making rivulets of words, volumes of words, destitute of a thought or sug gestion, and a holiday would do such hon. mem bers as those who thus indulged a great deal of good. ? The Hon. A. BLYTH-As far ai the debate had gone it had resulted in this statement— we had 59 Bills before the House, and very little lias been done with them; we therefore ought to kaock off work. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) If little had been done it was a good reason for applying themselves more earnestly to work and trying to overtake the neglected work before them The hon. member for the Port (-\£r. Hughes) had used an argument in favour of this motion which would have a gieat weight with him, and he hoped with the House— if they did not carry the ad journment he would absent himself ! He regretted that that lion, member should have used any threat towards the House— (laughter) -aud he felt sure the hon. member would not have used such an argument in his calmer momenta, (Ke newed laughter.) Then, aijain, the hon. member had said that lion, members would comu back refreshed— giants refreshed. Then another hon.' member had said we had done nothing but talk for the last four months. What would ba the result when lion, members came- back refreshed* \- (Laughter.) borne people talked before the hour ; of refreshment; hi3 experience hal given, him evi 1 dence that that talking power was not diminished .after the refreshment hour. (Laughter.) Sup ? posing 'after this adjournment the House 'again took up' the. Land Bill. How. de 1 lightedly hon. members would go with, re newed energy ' into the consideration of .'that measure. They would recommit the 3rd clause, : which it was alleged had already' occupied the Committea two days, and who could. tall. wheii they would get through with the measure 1 On the pre 'vious uay they had had an interesting, sitting, when a measure of great importance was discussed —the prevention of the introduction of the foot and mouth disease- ameasure. which, by the 'way, ? could scarcely ba of theimportance it was repre sented to be, inasmuch as an hon. member who ? professed to be deeply interested in it was willing to leave it to its fate for a month. (Here the Treasurer, who was passing, whispered to tha hon. ! raemter.) The Treasurer had just remarked that ;the mouth disea3e had already become prevalent 'in the Assembly-Uaughtcr) r-and he (Mr, . Bljth) [supposed the foot disease was . foreshadowed in ? the motion for the ?adjournment (Liusttfer.) The hon. member for Barossa had told them that if he had known that the House would sit from ?: January to December he would hot have entered ?Parliament. The remedy was a very simple one . —short, simple, and effective. ' It was not the first ! session in which he aud Mr. Speaker had 'sat- right-- threnjih the year, ? and this I was one of. the - possibilities- which hon. ? members had ,to contemplate when they (offered themselves- for Parliament. The hon. '- member for, Barossa waa, not* young colonist-, ;and must have known that Parliament sometimes ?had long sessions. :The hon. member Ira'l'said ?there were two or thres members absent on leave. iThe fact w^& there was only one hon; member absent, and there were few occasions when sonae hon. member qr other was not so absent. Then ithe point had been raised about country members. 'He was a country member himself. (No;no;) He jrepresented a country conitituency; and if the ?argument was raised, they would have to define iwnat was meant, by a country member. JThe divi sion on the motion, would show : quite. as many 'country members on one side this questipn as the other. Something had been said about the Hoase meeting on Fridays. He asked, if this j-!au had not been adopted, where would the business hare been; by this time? To speak seriously, be waa anxious to give consideration to the personal con 'venienceof non. members, but the wishes of the majority must have some weight in the matter. Three months ago he had said the Hoase would sit till Christmas. .Now, he did not mind Christmas, he was always prepared for it— ' (Hear, hear)-it was January and February he was afraid of. He boped hon. members would con sider the amount of business before the Houae; and sb he was one of those who spoke very seldom indeed- (Oh, ofc. and Hear, hear) -he had been reproached for being so silent in the Hoase, and waB anxious to get on with the business of the country— he should support the amendment of the hor. member for Light (31r. Conner). Mr. DEEEINGTON said that two or three references of a kindly nature had been made to the members for the South-East, and it would be ungrateful were he not to acknowledge them, especially as a desire was shown to consult their convenience as to the length of the holiday. He thought if this discussion did anything at all it would lead them to the one conclusion tint a great deal of the time of the House was unncea sarily wasted by long speeches. He need gi no further than the speeches of that afternoon to show that, although he was willing to confess they were characterized by cleverness and point He had bridled and curbed him3elf rather than take up the tune of the House, and he had been asked why he did not more frequently speak; but he had seen that the only way to advance the work was by carefully voting and not by speaking. Of course there must, and it was right there should be, an expression of opinion; but when members got up, and only said ' ditto, ditto, ditto' to what had been said before, to the extent, perhaps, of a dozen speeches, without eliminating any new facts, it made one rather disposed to maintain silence. He thought the object of all members who desired to consult the wishes of the country members, of those who were willing to do so, and of those who were indifferent would be met by making tbe motion for 16th July— an amendment which would, he believed, be acceptable. (Cries of ' If o.') As it had been put that the extent of the holiday de pended upon the convenience of members for the Sputh-Kast he gave that date as meeting then* views. He should move aa amendment ac cordingly. Mr. BKIGHT would be willing as far as possible to meet the convenience of hon. members,. but when they took upon themselves the duties of members of Parliament they were bound to carry them out' through a short or long session. A month's adjournment would prolong the session three months. Hon. members would come back refreshed, and repeat their speeches. The argu ment that by an adjournment they would hasten business was paradoxical. He had sat in the House in every month of the year, and he could i inform hon. members that sitting there during the heat of summer was a thing to be avoided. No Beason was so good for their work as the present. They must be prepared to put aside considerations of personal convenience, and ic was their duty to get through the business of the country. More business was promised by the Government ; but he thought it was their duty to get clear of the busi ness already before the House first, save and except they should have the financial policy of the Government before them. The question introduced by the hon. member for Barossa was a very im portant one, but if the House adjourned they would not be able to go into it. He should support the amendment Mr. WATTS supported the motion. He had noticed that towards the close of the session the business was usually hurried through very rapidly, and this might be avoided by the adjournment, which would be a great relief to the Government, and would enable the Treasurer to prepare the Estimates, which were generally laid upon the table about this time of the year. The TKliASUKEB (Hon. J. H. Barrow) said the matter resolved itself into a question of loss of time. The Government felt it was hardly right to dictate to hon. members in the matter of an adjournment, which they alleged would ba very . convenient to them, and they would like to under stand the feeling of the House on the subject. They were quite prepared to go on with the business, of which there was already a great deal ; on tbe Notice-paper. Of the 50 Bills on the files, 38 were new (inclusive of those passed), and there would of course be a large amount of con current business. The Bills now on the table con tained no fewer than 983 clauses, ef which only 167 had yet been considered, leaving 812! yet to be dealt with. Now when they recol- 1 lected that sometimes the House devoted, a whole afternoon to the consideration of one clause, it would be seen how prolonged their labours might be over 812 clauses and 78 schedules. ? Besides these, there were other measures yet .to be : dealt with, and if the House performed this work they might regard the present as a great session ; and if not there would be an unparalleled slaughter of the innocents at the end of the session. It could not therefore be said there was not enough business to go on with. Some of the measures before the House were of the highest importance, and other important business would follow. There was, however, already so much business on the Paper that the Government would be compelled to rearrange ic, so aa to have only one or two measures for consideration on Government days. He would point out to hon. members that Govern ment had only two days a week out of the four for their business, and Government never anticipated private members* days by tabling formal motions, whilst Government days were Gable to interrup tion. Under the circumstances the Government could not consent to a long adjournment— (Bear, hear)-but as it was so much desired, and was a mere matter of convenience to hon. members, the Government would not bring any pressure to bear against the motion. He did not like the Government splitting votes on any question. It looked as though they were divided in opinion, and they would be willing at once to support an adjournment to the 2nd or the 9th. (Cries of 4 'No on and off;' 'No compromise.') TheGovern ment would take that course to suit the personal convenience of hon. members; but if that did not suit the House the Government would endeavour to meet its views, as it was more a question for the House than the Government. He was prepared to go on, but if the House adjourned the Government could profitably occupy the time given them in maturing other Bills. Hon. members would allow him to make one remark upon a subject which had been touched upon by two or three hon. members, who had said they would like to know something of the financial policy of tbe Government. He would tell them distinctly he would not bring it down until the Government knew the fate of the Koad Bill and the Land Bill. He would take his stand upon that The Road Bill would decide whether the Government would or would not have £50,000 from local rates, and that fact must be dis tinctly ascertained before dealing with the finances for the year 1S73. Considering how intimately the policy of local taxes and the land revenue must be associated with the consideration of Ways and Means, it would be absurd to say anything about the Estimates of 1S73 until those points were settled. He felt he could rely upon the candour, fairness, and sense of justice of hon. members to support the Government in that view. He appealed alike to those who were for or against the Koad Bill, and to those who were for or opposed to the Land Bill in this matter. It would not depend upon the particular way of voting, or the way in which those measures were finally dealt with; but the sooner those measures were dealt with the ; sooner would the financial policy: of the Govem ; ment be placed before the House. Until then they : would not be in a position to deal with the Ways I and Means of the colony. Ths House had usually ! met the . last Friday in July, and commenced ? business the fi rat week in August, so that i the .Estimates were not introduced until ; September. This was in many respects a better i plan than an earlier1 introduction would be, ! because a surer estimate of prospective revenue : might be arrived at from the data of the current j year. As soon : as possible after the close of the i present hajf-year the Government would bring up \ the financial statement— that was after the fate of | the lioad Bill was determined. He hoped the I House would assist the Government either way, by ; passing the Koad Bill or otherwise, and by settling ; the question of the Land Bill. Then it would be ; the fault of the Government if they did not come : down with their financial scheme. He should ! prefer the adjournment to July 9. ? r * - I Mr. GLTLE-'What the Treasurer had said was :a strorg argument for no- adjournment beyond 1 Tuesday. The hon. gentleman had put the case i very fairly, but if toe House adjourned fora : month it would be two months before - the. fate of i the Koad Bill would be known, and it would uotbe i until September that the Estima'es would be intro duced. The Treasurer had said fairly enough ha ; would go oh with his fe'stiuia-es whip the House j had determined the fate of the two measures inen | titned. Then the House had better go on with its iwork. The hon. member for,' the Port (Mr. ! Hughes) liad said we -ought to' try to'.-meefc each ;oCher. That was the view he (Mr. Uljrde) took\aad : therefore he opposed the adjournment; . ?'.]?'?' j Mr. WAKD thought the Treasurer had given, the i House cood reasons for. tne adjournment. H,e was | amused at the pliability of the Government. The j Treasurer had said whether the- E tad Bill w»s j rejected ot 'passed it wpitfd equally . assist the jUioyernmcnt '(2f cs no, and laughter.) It reminded ihim* ollhat, We»tern'SUfes'drat£f who had Ueea jinare than once quoted- by ihe lwc. membst for .the' Siuxt ; The water, ww 'elactiooeeruig, and (having stated his views,' wound V up .by saying if {those views 'didnctsuit his CiJasTituthts he would ;l.e happy to adopt some 6fh^- There was another ;remarkak!e statement mate ? bj th« -Treasurer, in* jasmuch as theGovemnii^t.liad the arranging of their own. business^ rgspet&cg; ;Uie.^Va&e;, Laridg iP.ill.. ;. They hadiraV laouiht, Hi* BiiJ forward, aa 'they might li*vedore, and lud devoted the whok jof the previous day to the Scab BIIL1 .'Heobjec&Kl; -;to the Treasurer ^laodiQK up iuthe;4ictatorjalw»y J jhg. had ' done, and .declaring that he would noi j } {ifve ' the ? fin anciji^'.' p' oficyA of the 2 government ;That course of: conduct was not.satisfaciorjlo the | j House nor to Ufecountry. There had been aortal 'deal eaki.abouf personal convenience'. . Some hon. 'members* hls'd cat' in the House 'only since list I January, whilst others had sat there since last July with only short intervals, one of which was caused by the elections, and the other by the visit to the South-East, both engagements involving hard work on hon. members. It was therefore not unreasonable to ask for an adjournment He considered the hon. member for Light (Mr. Conner) was unnecessarily bard upon the hon. member Mr. Angas. It was all very well to say discussion ceuld go on in the absence of any hon. member, but the constituents would scarcely be satisfied. Inasmuch las the Government were willing to accede to the proposal for the 9th of July, he would ask the hon. member for Barossa to adopt that date, and he would accordingly move that as an amendment The TKEASUKKR (Hon. J. H. Barrow)-The hon. member had misrepresented what be had said on the subject of the Koad BUI. fie (the Trea surer) did not say it would be equally satisfactory to him whether it was carried or not What he had said was that whether the Boad Bill was carried or thrown out the Government would, when its fate was determined, be in a better position to frame Estimates than they could now be whilst the question of 130.000 from local -sting was unsettled., he Government were not indifferent to the fate of that Bill, but felt the difficulty of adjusting their financial maUers whilst it was aa unsettled question. Mr. fiUNDEY remarked that it was often said when persons were before their constituencies that it was a great advantage to have local representa tives, but he thought those persons resident in their districts were not always the most anxious lo advance the interests of the colony. (Hear, hear.) It had been said that an adjournment would meet the convenience of tbe members for the South East (Hear, hear.) There was one of those gentlemen who was always in his place, and there was another who was absent upon leave, and was probably ready to come back, so it would not be or his convenience. Me was ceitain that if they iad this adjournment a lot of new things would be looked up and greater time occupied. The argument seemed to him to be 'Procrastination is the soul of business;' His inclination was to go on and finish tbe work they had before them. Stopping in tbe middle of it for a month would be, he considered, detrimental to the interests of the country. Mr. TOWNSEND said they were frequently referred to the practice of the House of Commons, \ which would have been, he thought, in this case . to ballot five minutes before meeting. The Tret surer— he would not say in a dictatorial, but in a positive way-eaid that the Government would not give a financial policy till the Koad Bill and the Land Bill were passed, and then gave his reasons. If that was so the Government should not have placed anything upon the .Paper till these measures were passed, and should not pro ceed with anything till that time. He hoped that these Bills would be placed before them at once. The COMMISSIONER of CBOWN LANDS (Hon. T. Reynolds) did not think that Mr. Town send had properly represented what the Treasurer said. He noticed the positiveness of the Treasurer, and he admired it— (cheers)— because there must be times when a Government must put down its foot. The House was in possession of the Govern ment policy for 1872, but not for 1873, and the Treasurer was quite right in saying that it was impossible to state what course they would pursue until the House had decided upon the principles of the Eoad Bill, and till the land question was settled. The House could not expect the policy for next year till these measures were decided upon. With regard to the adjournment, the Government found there was a large minority who were desirous of. having one; and it was their duty to consider as far as possible the convenience of that minority. The ? Government were quite willing to Btudy the con venience of the House, but would prefer to go on with the business at once. If it came to a division, however, they would support the amendment for 9th July. Mr. DUNCAN should support the amendment for adjournment to 9th July. He believed that several who wished to vote tor the motion would ' accept that : Mr. RAMSAY said members would pause before \ voting for the motion or the amendment of Mr. Ward, because the Treasurer had distinctly stated . the fact and they all knew it to be correct, that there were some 'iS Bills to be considered, and also ' others in an advanced state of preparation; and if the Government got a month's adjournment they would have a great deal of time to prepare others, ?nd they might expect to be deluged with. Bills. If they went cp. as they were now doing the^ would have to legislate in relays-one-ba!f by uay aiid one-half by night As to the statement of the Treasurer that ne would not submit the financial statement till July or August, he thought it was understood that it would be brought on much earlier, and if he could not have his Estimates upon 1872 he could base them upon 1871. Unless that was the case meeting in the earlier part of the year would be useless. Mr. Townsend had alluded to the advantage of following the rule of the House of Commons, and he (Mr. Ramsay) thought it would be well 19 follow the example of that body by the House adjourning at a stated time every year for a certain period, say from the middle of November till March. Members would then know how much time they would have to give to their duties, aud it would be a means 0! advancing business. He thought it would be unwise to adjourn at this season, for it was much more com fortable for legislation than in December, Jauuary, and February. He should vote for Mr. Conner s amendment. Mr. COITRELL moved that the House divide. Mr. CARK rose to second it, but it was ruled that he could not do bo, as he had spoken before. Mr. ANGAS, in reply, said he was willing to withdraw his motion in favour of Mr. Ward's amendment. . Tbe SPEAKER-It cannot be withdrawn. There is another amendment before the House. Mi*. ANGAS regretted that Mr. Conner should have made tbia a personal matter. He did- not brinj? it forward as 6Uth, and since he had been in the House he had refrained from making any personal allusions. Ab to whether he had wasted the time of the House, that was a question that ought not to be decided by the self- appointed tribunal of Mr. Conner. He certainly could not be accused of making long speeches, and as to talking nonsense, Mr. Conner talked as much nonsense as any member in the House. (Laughter.) He would endeavour to do his duty, and if he failed he was sorry for it; but he was not to be lectured by the hoc. member for Light, and he was not to be the arbitrator as to who talked 'sense and who talked nonsense. As to the importation of diseased cattle, he was glad that the Government had stopped all importation, and consequently do injury would arise from the adjournment That would remove all difficulty in connection withjthe Bili he had taken some interest in. He hoped it would be carried with little delay, and made what it ought to be ; but if Bills were to be rushed through without proper consideration they would be either mope? rative or have to be recommitted, and he trusted that whatever business was brought down they Would be able to ensure the attendance of a proper number of persons who understood the matters ' that came before, the House, so that they might devise such laws as would work for the benefit of the colony, and not require to be repealed so fre ' quentfy as some Acts passed in previous sessions. , ; The question that the words proposed to be : struck out stand was put and negatived. 1 The motion f&r; the insertion of the words '! 25th of June' was declared carried. . , Mr. WARD called for a division :— ?- Aies, 13-Messrs. Bkth, Bright, Bunder, Carr, ; Oottrell, Glyde, Hart, Mann, Myles, Simms. Smith, i Townsend, and Ctnner (teller). ,; .' :'.'. ' : Noes, 13-The Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commis sioner of Public Works, Messrs. Angas, Boucaut, : Deirington, Duncan, Hughes, Pearce, Pickering, Watts, and Ward (teller). ' . : ' j The SPEAKER gave his .casting-vote .for, ttie jAyes.- ? , . ? . ? .-.'..'.?. '.;?,::.. :. : The motion, as amended was carried. I ;' ''?' ' \ MESSAGE f ROM THE LEGISLATIVE '. COUNCIL. t The SPEAKER reported receipt «f message from . the Legislative. Council, ? stating that , the Waste Lands Amendment and Customs BilU had jbeen agreed to without amendment ;.? - , «-,.,.. j PRINTING PE1ITIONS. Mr. ANGAS moved— :-??'- ??-? ??-.-. i j 'That Petition No, &*, presented on 14th Jane, 'from residents of Blanclietown, Truro, and other I places be printed.'' /? .?-.?-?'? - ??' *:-.-?'? I (Carried.- - ? ; ,? ?????? ? .i ?.-.-;--».? ;: bw'1 I Mr. BRIGHT moved— y.-v -i-i*i«ti ??:? -M ' That Petition No. 103, preseniea©n)j8fch Jjine, I from electors voting at lihynie, be printed^'- - ??; ? ; ?Carried. ..-.:— ?? . ;?„ ? ?-; m^-- ;,-.; , ?/ ;?? I -Ir. *UNDE¥.Jnoved-r.- , ? 1 ' . ? v '7! - ? ? . ' -? ?'- '-. I 'That Petition -No.' 102, presentation l&fc; Jime, ; from the electors of Oukapaongft, be printed.' - j Carded. ; ; . ? - ?-? -,? ~r, ??-??.. \ : TH R BBOUGHTON AREA. ? ' I ?In'Cotnmittee.: - -. ? I Mr. WARD, having amended his. motion, I 'That an ad«]re6s be presented to' His Excel lency the ' Governor, praying ; Hi* Excellency to ictuse * trrra not etottftwt £500 to be placed on j the Estimates for the Tea* 1873; for the purpose of jconsrrtKtfnfc a : jettyat Port'Broughwn, a dam on jthe road thereto from- the Bfoujthton Agricul ituralATea, snd clearing th£ ^ strreved rmd. a? 'prayed for by petition presented -m 17th April.' jHe felt iwrfact'eohtitence 'that he had a case that \vrovhl net meet with any ; 'Opposition. : Port jEronghton-wasa'-veryeUigibta' shipping place, and was. the cnersarcst by manytnilw tothte Brougbton Area; only being abontaj or 21 miles from the centre of the are^ and there was- no other port nearerlhaiv Fort Frric. The experiment or' ship piigwheattlmehM be«n tried suceestfnHf: bat theie had been' a difficult* «fwib-? to the absence of 1fcei]iti«6- for shipment; snd the fatt that there was iro water* on the ioatH-ut-4n- ©ue well which .was -cine» unes dry. avd wr.s so last summer. There vcuM Lc this year fromld.GCO to 12,030 acres of wrest under crop in the area. Already nearly I i3,W0 bad been received merely as interest at 10 I per cent, paid in advance upon the land bought He was told that Captain Dale, who had done a great deal to foster the trade, was erecting a jetty at his owu cost; but since he had heard that he had seen come of the residents, who said they would use the jetty if there was no other, but they objected to being dependent upon a private individual, thinking that he would dictate his own terms. If the motion were carried, perhaps the Government need not press the erection cf the jetty at once, but nee how far Captain Dale's would meet the necessity. If it was liberally conducted there might be do need at present for the Government to erect one. There was no doubt about the necessity of the other works. The road had been surveyed, and he believed that allotments in the area were to be sold to-morrow. The hon. member then complained of tbe Committee not paying more attention to his remarks. If they wished ihe land to be settled they must give facilities to people prepared to settle upon the areas. The Government had received a large amount, and they were about to sell the allotments at the exceedingly high upset price of £20 an acre, and he thought requests of this kind should receive attention and support. Mr. BOUCAUT should be guided very greatly by the views of the Government as he generally was in casesof this scrt; but he wished to refer to the remarks of Mr. Ward as to members not paying proper attention. He waa not paying particular attention, although be was paying proper attention to the hon. member's remarks. Perhaps the reason why more attention was not paid was because the House could not understand why a member repre senting anothei district to that in which the area was moved this. (Hear, hear.) It was bad enough to have log-rolling, which there was sometimes when tbe members for particular districts intro duced motions, without members of other districts doing bo. They were bound to pay attention to these motions, but they were bound to pay more attention to the representations of the members for the eeveral districts. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Bon. T. Reynolds) asked the hon. member to let the matter stand over, as officers of the Survey Department were now off to the district to see what was to be done. In order that the matter might not be shelved he would move that the Chairman leave the chair. Mr. BUNDEY thought Mr. Ward had brought this question forward because a number of former constituents of his were members in the area — The Clerk— Orders of the Day. TRANSCONTINENTAL RAILWAY BILL. Adjourned debate on second reading. The Hon. J. HART said that he had no iaten tion to move that the Bill be read that day six months, nor did he wish to move that the second reading be adjourned for a month. The question was one which Bhould be decided immediately; and they did not need to wait for the opinion of the people outside upon the measure, as they had not had placed before them the Bill as now before the Horse. It had been said outside by those interested in the Bill that if it was not what was wanted it could be modified, and that the quantity of land and other matters might be amended. But all the Heuse had to deal with was the Bill before them; and he must say that the measure seemed to him to be one of the most extraordinary attempts on the part of a few individuals to obtain immense advantages fiom the country that he had ever heard of. (Hear, hear.) He could scarcely, believe that a measure of this kind could be brought before the House with any possibility of its being accepted. (Hear, hear.) Taking (the Bill itself, he should call attention to one or two points in it in the first place, and in the second the pro bable result of some provisions being omitted. In the first place, it contained provision for no lia bility whatever. (Hear, hear.) A Company was said to be formed- a limited Company. (Mr. Solomon— 'Very limited.') It had no capital and there was no clause providing for a sum of money to be paid to the Government to ensure the bona fides of the Bill itself. (Hear, hear.) Besides that, the whole liability would be the forfeiture of 1 such a sum of money as might be put into the agreement ; but no sum of money was provided for at all. (Hear, hear.) There was. on the contrary, a clause that did away with all liability except what was governed by the 9th clause of the Bill— that if the Company did not keep the line in proper order it might be resumed by the Government. For although it was said that they could compel the Company to keep (he line in good oider, yet the end of the thing was that the Government would have to take tbe line and the Company be exonerated from all liability whatever. (Hear, hear.) This would not matter much if payment could be deferred and held back upon any portion of the contract not being carried out satisfactorily. But that was not the case. Ihe Company could under the Bill demand the fee-simple of the land for every ten miles constructed. (Hear, hear.) He would call hon. members' attention to this most important matter. Although having had a desire to treat it as one that could not be by any possi bility considered [in the House, it was so im portant that he felt that giving the means which had been adopted to get an expression of opinion of the people outside the House should now con sider it as seriously as possible; and if that was done the Bill would be rejected. (Hear, hear.) There was no doubt a great difficulty in meeting the plausible arguments brought forward by the promoters, such at that about £10,000,000 of money being spent in South Australia. That was a plausible way of putting it, and a way that affected certain persons who did not care in the least for the future of the colony, but only wanted a portion of the money to be expended-notthathe thought any would be laid out-into their pockets, and let the future take care of itself. But was that the position that the House should take up? They were bound to look at the future of the colony, and not what effect this would have upon the country during the few vears that they might be inhabitants of it. The bulk of the people who now desired to carry out the arrangement might not be in South Australia when the immense liability involved came to be met. A srnall value was set upon the land. It was said that it was almost worthless unless it was improved. But he took notice of the fact that a great many of the persons whose names had been given to the House as promoters of the echcine, aud who made these statements, were the very people who were the opponents of liberal land laws being brought into the House for giving the land into the hands of bona fide cultivators. They now considered 200.000.0JO acres as a small thing, and would give it for a work cf such a kind as this. If the amount of Is. an acre could produce jE10.000.OjO of capital, and we had sold that amount within the last 25 years, was it likely that we should be found to lay out the money in such a work as making a railway ncroBB the continent? Were there not works of far more importance to be carried out than such a one as that? What was there. grown in the centre of the continent to be brought here or to the other side? (Hear, hear.) All that was required was the making of a liue 200 or 250 miles towards the . centre . from this side, and from Port Darwin perhaps 120 miles, and that - was all that was likely to be made ; and : therefore it was unreasonable to ask that land should be placed at the disposal of the Company for the whole line when only what benefited themselves was likely to be carried out. That brought him to a point that he wished the ; House to consider well. He had given some little ; consideration to the matter, and wished the House I to look at it from the same point of view as that which he had taken up. It seemed quite clear to him that if they had £500,000 within the next tea years in Iheir possession they should not spend it in an attempt to make a railway. Tha; waj a fact 1 that would at once be admitted, and if they kept : to that it would be seen that it would be ;ib5ii:d I to *ell land at a rate cheaper than what if. cbuld ' be sold for otherwise for the purpose of bavins; a '- work of that. kind carried out. It would be well to ? consider by tbe provisions of the Bill tha real ; object the promoters had in view, lie did : not suppose they had told the. House, and 1 he vras quite sure they had not tol 1 the t people outside their object; but that was to be I gathered from the Bill itself. There was a chase I providing that woik might be commenced at both ends or at one end of the proposed line. Thus jlf.ey could make a certain portion each way. i They might make 150 miles of line throuj.li the jvery best portion of the country, and by doing so : claim 15,000,000 or 16,CG^0QO acie3 of the t.cst \ lar.d in the Northern Territory ; and not onlv that-, 1 but have all the advantages of the discoveries to ; be made during the time the line was in course of j construction., Would any one 3ay that the Go ; vernment would be ent ring into a good arraoze 'ment to' give 'lG.O0a.WO acres of laud for the i makipg oU50 miles of Northern Territory Railway I J If that was done the Company would be enabled to '? form a portion of the line asfar as suited themselves on each side, and receive : for the work the /ee ? simple. in all the land allotted for it, and the ? Govemment.could not compel them to proceed any further with the/work, It would be carried out J wneie .fh\e construction could be done at Wn1) or £5,(00 ainiJe, as it would at' once be admilted that awcTkpf.thatkind could be carried out at much ? less cost on the seaboard than in the 'ciritral portiotrof . the continent: He would a«k: the Hense, ? then; to look at the question from a plain common* : sense point of Tiew. Wai it piobable that & Com i pany which had the chojee would : make the lioe [where it mi most expensive, and where thu land 'was least valuable, 'when it ^ could- claim the land .that was most valuable at the Eeaboard by miYm [thehhc where tfiey.'couldMlaso at trie Smallest \mil Common. sense wai sufficient to show that the Jine^fFoijld ? jonly - be made ; for - a short WWffti^ewV^Ba* It had. ,heea 'sAid ; 'iSSrV' the 'Vnife'r SrateV'''ar.d ' he reiistf couteisrtb«t onr ftoktofj- there the iiflount i of, -.wiJira^, constructed m .compariton . fi'Ji the JLpopulation was to him a ruo^t exiraordinayr tbinf But the result had not be'e'a 'fouiiu to tie' so satis , factory as ni^ht at first Le iimgiaed. The ml ways falling into the hands of private Corpora tionshad exerted a very undue influence in that country. (Hear, hear.) The result had been grots corruption- that members of the Legislature were bribed to a hvge extent, and that the Companies had created a state of things in America which he was sure they would be very sorry to see here. (Applause.) But fancy 2,000 miles of railway made in the colony for less than 200,000 people. If hon. members looked at statistics it would be seen that for every 1,100 persons in the colony a mile of railway would have to be made, and supposing we compared that with America, it would be found that we would have 10 times the length or line in proportion to the population more tuan was made in ihe United States. It was perfectly abEuidtotalk about carrying out such a gigantic scheme as that now proposed, and he felt sure that tbe persopB who proposed it had no idea of carrying it out m its entirety. (Hear, hear.) He had heard very little said outsiae. The meetings held upon this subject had been attended for the most part by those who had an interest in carrying out the passing of a Bdl. Those who desired to speak against the scheme had scarcely been heard, and the most extraordinary means had been taken to give the public an impression in its favour Very few persons opposed had had an opportunity of considering the scheme in its monstrous propor tions. The Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands had given notice of a Bill for the sale of lands in the Northern Territory, and the price to be _ — fixed was, he understood, to be 7s. Cd. per acre.1*1'7 Now if what the Bill would sanction were taken, and that the Company were given the fes simple of 15 million or 16 million acres of land for the construction of 150 miles of line in the North, in what position would the Government be in com peting with a Company having the fee-simple of land purchased at Is. per acre, against 7o. 6d., that the Crown intended to charge? He was quite sure that the Government must go with him in the rejection of the Bill, or they never could dream of bringing forward a measure to provide for a charge of 7s. 6d. an acre for land, as against a Company tbat could not only sell at a low price, but give the purchasers the benefit of 150 mileB of railway into the bargain. The Government might shut up the Land Office immediately, either for the Northern Territory or on this side, if the Bill was passed. They would be the lords and masters of th6 Northern Territory to all intents and purposes. The Government would be obliged to conform with the Act in all things, and, besides, would have to survey all the land for the Company, causiug the country to be taxed to the extent of £200,000 for the purpose of getting rid of half its territory. And while the Company ? could then compete with the Government in the sale of land, the Government would still have tho cost left upon it of maintaining good government and law in the country. It waa a monstrous pro posal. He had in his hand a map which had been picpared in connection with the scheme | green and white]. Talk about the famous zsbra Btripes, they were nothing to what was there pre sented. They had heen made out in black and white; but these as if to show how very Kreen the colony was. If this Bill were passed, e thought he could see a certain gentleman well Known in the city, standing up and demanding his last pound of flesh in connection with the scheme. (Hear, bear.) He would ask if they had not introduced the scheme, and passed a Bill, and caused him to lay out his money. And it was snown what the scheme was, and what might be expected, when they looked ut the position that the well-known gentleman took up. He stuck to it very cloBely, and many of the other names on the list were those of gentlemen who would be remem bered as standing forth very prominently amongst those having claims on the country in the Northern Territory Company. Another point was how the Government would deal with its lands if the Bill was passed. If the measure became law it appeared to him that the land would all be locked up, and would not be disposed of till after the Company were satisfied. The Company, if the Bill was passed, would suy that until they took up theirs the Government had nd right to sell any portion of land. That was an important point to look at in reference to the scheme put before the House. He did not mean to quote very lately, but must make some quotations itom what had been said by the hon. member in moving the second reading of the Bill. - The SPEAKER-The hon. member must not read from the debate. The Hon. J. HART was simply making a quota* tion from the speech of the hon. member who had moved the second reading. It was in the same debate. ?.,'.:., The SPEAKER said he was pointing out that the hon. member must not read from any Bpeech that had been made. The Hon. J. HART was not going to read, but at tbe same time intended to quote what the hon'. member had said. He said that at one time there had been some doubts about the land being auriferous, and about the soil being fertile; but that now there existed no doubt about our gold fields or the fertility of the colony. The hou. member had spoken also about the Roper River, and the great value of the land upon its banks. But ho was not surprised at all at that, and that the hon. member should speak in high terms of that part as representing his railway constituents, because they would take the whole of the land on the Roper from its source to its mouth. He could quite understand that portion of the hon. member's Epecch appealing in a prospectus in London when people there were to be called upon to find the money for the railway, and take in exchange 1G, 000,000 acres of such fine land as the hon. mem tier had deEcribed. He was quite ready to admit that there was land there that could be disposed of to persons for occupation and cultivation on much better terms than those contained in the Bill. Supposing at the present time that a liberal land measure in reference to the Northern Territory was brought 'in, a large amount of land would be taken up by persons who would spend money in its cultivation; but if this Bill were passed theCom pany'a workin all probability would be carried out by Coolie labour, and that would result in I eing of no benefit whatever to persons connected with the country. He must say that it appeared to him an extraordinary thing that no mention had been made by the hon. member who had brought for ward the motion for the second reading what amount of security was to be deposited at once. (Hear, hear.) Did they propose to put down £100,000 now? (Mr, Solomon— 'They have not got it.') What did they propose, on passing a Bill of that kind, - on which an agreement was to be based? And in what position would tne agreement place the Govern ment ? Were v/e bound to lockup the land for any time during five years? The agreement could be given up by the Company before five years, but tbi land must be kept open for them by the Govern ment. If that was so Mr. Itos3— he thought he might mention the name, as he was well known in connection with the scheme out of doors— could go home to London, and see if the thing could be floated. If he could not do bo there would be no Ices to the promoters, He felt that the House, with a feeling of respect for itself, and for those who had the well-being of South Australia at heart, could not pass the second reading of the Bill. It might be said, and he believed had been said, that modifi cations could not be made in tho Bill; but the House had to look at the measure as it stood. They, were not bound to go higgling on the details of such a measure. It should be brought forward in a proper shape, and if that were done he should be a etanch supporter of a measure for the conces-', sion of a fair amount of land for a fair amount of i wotk. If the promoters brought in another Bill,' and proposed to make 100 miles of railway from To:t Darwin to the auriferous country, to a point 1 to be fixed on by the Government, he should- he glad to give them his support. He would support a Bill in tho same way for a , railway at this end, to open up the country which , it was supposed would produce bo large a Quantity of copper, and be for giving the Company who would construct it concessions of land. He might go into other mattem, but he felt that tho House would be with him in rejecting this Bill, and he ' was sure it would sati-fy the country if they did ao.' 'Ihe lir.e was supposed to be 2,000 miles long,, but it might be made very much shorter thai) that if it was taken in the course which would be most applicable lo the circumstances of the colony. As to their making this 2,000 miles for ; their own particular service, it was Biraply1 absurd. Why did the promoters propose to go to , the left instead of the right, where the centres of population were? The lion, member for (Juine racha said the other colonies could jijin by loop lines; but would Sydney make a line 8tW miles long* for the Kike of joining theirs BOrnewUere north of Poit Augusta? The thing was absolute nonsense. ? They -knew that the Ministry of which he was- a, member desired to carry the telegraph Hue from, Wentwofthlo Port Darwin, in which case they 'should have had the assistance of Victoria, and it was a very treat mistake indeed that thej^dul not do so. 'Within the last few days lie had 'ad-^ to acknowledge one great mistake which Jic had' made in his political life, and there was one more. When the House refuted to allow the line to ba-. made from Wentworth, and to allow the other colonies to join them, he regretted, exceeding that he did not mike a stand, and rwc uppQicfc ' instead of making the line from Port Aususta. lie acted wronply. am! he trusted he should never be r fcucd doin? the like again, uhouid he be lira' similar position. Why make the^ railway from Port August-', instead of making it from that part of the colony where the oilier colonies could get1 ,the advantage aa well .is themselves, because, a railway iiself was uo benefit to the colony?, It was the arncunt of traffic whtth ' WOU'd cive a 'revenue, nnd he said that it would be absolfltely impossible that it should pny for any*-' thiw l-cyoiid thef oil and the ta!low required for worLiue tbe fngme. There would be no traffic of 1 goods, (xtjods cmkl not be citiniod bcrosu tbef continent ut the rate they paid. at trus present tiiue^ ;— threepence per ? tori per mile. -For ,2.c0i miles. t 'thatwcuMr:bsr£23. andiiy^ea tliecariicoViiulrl be '.\')i. or X2. Was it likely our flour would ro to the ftorihiinTeiritor? or their lice come here ut 