TOPICS 0F THE DAY An amateur concert in aid of the Cathedral wall fund will take place this evening at St. Javier's Hall. "The Evergreen" continues to attract "The Evergreen" continues to attract a large number of visitors, who express them selves highly delighted with Mr. Dry's unique work of art. A meeting of the Philosophical Society will be held this evening, when Ite. fiaterson will read a paper "On the Early History of Vaccination." We observe from a private letter, dated July 29, that there has been a very heavy fall of rain near the Blinman, 13 inches having fallen in four weeks. On Monday a little boy named Aldridge, while playing with his a;hojlfe _w. in Norwood, fell down, bringing hia w .i^lit on the palm of hia lumd, and broke Li. ni<t Ue W;s admitted to th- Adelaide Hospital. We learn from tha local journal that Patrick Dalton, who was a week or two ago severely injured by a loaded track on the Wal laroo aad Kadina Tramway passing over on_ of his legs, has died in the Wallaroo Hospital from exhaustion following amputation. The specimens brought here by Ur. _>!ten__iu from the Tainbaroora Gold Mines cut now he seen at the Clarence Hotel. King WiiUam-stzset, where they have been taken for tbe convenience of those who hare not already had aa oppurluni yof in__.eci_-g theui. On Monday afternoon a meeting was held at the Globe Hotel to arrange for a steeple chase meeting to come off in connection with the Adelaide Hunt Club at the close of tbe hunting season. After some diicossion the meeting waa adjourned to Saturday next at the aune place, at 7 p.m. It will be observed by onr Melbourne telegram that some news of the Port Darwin cable has come from Jiatavia. It appears the break has occurred near Sandal wool Island, or abont two-thirJs of the distance from Palwer _ton to Java, aad the Investigator is engaged in picking up the ends and repairing the dadiage. His Excellency the Governor, on Mon day, received i_.for_i_.-._au frota Tasmania tbat the Ministry havo again been beaten—this time ou the motion for rescinding the former no confidence vote. The Parliament has in conse quence been dissolved, but Mr. Wilson, the Premier, will retain offise during tha disso lojtiaa. We haye been fnformed by Mr. John Blair tbat on Saturday be saw aridder, about 3 feet long, painted black and white and blue, with a slot for the tiller to fit in, wLi-h" was picked up on Kirkcaldy Beach. On Suoday Mr. Oharies Reynolds picked up a bucket which had floated ashore on Venley Btacb. No doubt but these waifs belonged to the ill-fated excar- I -ioniots. This evening, as announced in another column, there will be, at the Town i_a.ll Ex change R -in, au entertainment, of winch the principal feature will be a lecture by the Key. S. Green, oa *' _L_cric_a Wit aud Humor." The programme will alio include a number of aluurablo selections of music, vocal and instru muatal, under tho couductocship of Mr. George O ugh ten. Dr. Schomburgk has recently rear ranged the conservatories in the Botanic Garden in a m*nner which is a great improve ment. The gable-shajied roofs bavo been re moved, and roofs having bnt one slope have been placed iv their stead. These alterations not only improve tha lout ensemble of the houses, but a'so give more light and ventilation to the plants, which are thriving remarkably weO. The rain—ll between 9 a.m. on Satur day and the same hour on Monday, August 12, 1 has heem registered as follows : — Adelaide ... 0*063 Norms- irille ... 0035 Odwler 0030 Par. Elliot ... 0-248 Wallaroo ... 0-070 Goolwa ... 0-270' Port Augusta... 0-050 Mc_rath's Flat OO.JO Mount Barker.. 0-305 Kobe Town ... 0070 strathalbyn ... 0*233 Penola 01501 Willunga ... 0-060 Delays in arrival of inland mails are i now of prorokicgly .regular occurrence. The South-Eastern mail due on Sunday evening did not arrive in Addside till half-past 8 o'clock on j Monday morning, thirteen hoars behind the proper lime. By some accident the letter-baj was dropped in a creek on the Victorian side, j aud our letters from the otiier colonies were all saturated, which occasioned still further delay j in delivery. j The unusual spectacle of a daylight aerolite or meteor was witnessed at Port Ade- laide by a large number of persons about noon on Monday, August 12. Its brilliancy must have been intense, since it rivalled the sun — which was shining at the time—in brightness. The meteor appeared to descend from a cloud in the west, and moved slowly. It was of very large dimensions, and left a train of light visible for several seconds after it had disap- peared. A fresh find of gold is reported at Uloloo diggings. Mr. Peterswald, Warden of the QoUfields. has received from Mr. Cainer a letter, in which he says:— "*' I have* made a new discovery about five miles north of Gog Un's Gutty and about two and a half miles east of Uioloo Creek. Bo Car as I have yet found it, the run of the gold seems to be from west to east. On Wednesday last I washed a hundred buckets mt staff, and the yield was 10 dwta. 12 gains.*' Tho Angnst Criminal Sessions of tiie Supreme Court will commence to-day, when His Honor the Chief Justice will be the pre siding Ju. ge. The calendar is a light one, both with regard to tite number of prisoners and the class of offences. The eaaea down for trial to-day are:— Alfred Ballard, Wm. Gibbs, and Joseph Shore, housebreaking; Thomas Wiggins, aggravated assault; Henry Dawson, ton-king and stealing in a warehouse ; John Kevis, forgeiy; fan renew Lennane, burglary; l_iztbe_ Bunt, hou_-brealuog; and John Whi-pmiui, altar White, forgeries. We have been shown by Mr. J. F. Pascoe, of _indley -atmet, a cucumber of moat excellent quality grown by Mr. li. B. Smith, of the Briers. The speciality in connection with the vegetable is its early production, encumbers rarely being brought into market before October. It is of tiie Stockwoad variety, is weQgrown, of. goolshtpe. and about twetve indies long by two indies in .ciameter. The cutting from the beds was commenced a fort night since, and shows that, with careful atten tion, onr gardeners can produca cucumbers much earlier in the. season than they hare hitherto daoe. The Marlborough Express, a New Zea land paper, says:— *' The other day a telegraph clerk at one of the stations telegraphed to a brother clerk aome hundred miles away, to tiie affect tint Ids sweetheart waa then in the office, and she had promised so marry him in a month. Now it so happened that tiie manager wss in the operating room at tiie time, and reading off the message by ear, he sent back a reply, «__ was abort and severe : * You are final £1 for allowing a stranger inside the office ; torn the woman out.* Poor fellow i the ' turn her out' tacked on tho money penalty was adding insult to injury." The Border Watch records the following accidents :-" On Wednesday evening a girl named Perry, aged 13 years, was admitted into the Mount Gambier Hospital, suffering from a severe burning. . That afternoon she was standing before a fire in the open air, and her clothes by some means ignited, burning her in a dreadful manner over a great part of her person ; ths front portion, bam the chest down wards, particularly. She still lies in a very precarious state.—On Thursday morning a young man named Stephen MoGinty acci dentally cut himself severely on tiie leg with an adze. He was at once conveyed to the Hospital, where he is progressing favorably." The Border Watch says :—" Doleful accounts continue to reach us regarding the position of farmers on tbe low-lying lands in the t-Duth-Bast, and fears an now entertained that in their ease the labors of tiie present season will prove abortive. Fanners so situ *atqd at German Flat, and in the areas of Hayurra, Mount Muirhead, and Nerraooorte in particular, sre likely to he heavy sufferers." The Standard has the following paragraph on the aame subject:— *" The tow-lying country in the German Mat neighborhood has been almost entirely submeiged by the recent heavy rains. A considerable number of the farmers have already given up their holdings, som. after effecting expensive iuipruvciueuts, aud many others have resolved to leave at the end of the currant year." Our Crafers correspondent says:— "The neighborhood of Mount Lofty and Cox's Creek presented a novel appearance on Satur- day, August 10, giving young Australia an opportunity of witnessing what they have so often seen represented by the pen of the artist — a snow storm. At 8 am. the snow lay fully an inch and a half thick, covering houses and out- buildings, trees and hedgerows. The young folks lost no time in making snowballs, some of which were as large as a person's head. Many of the balls were to be seen in a heap under the verandah at Crafers Post Office when the mails passed in the afternoon. Towards noon snow again fell, much to the amusement of travellers, the horses shaking their heads as the flakes fell on them. Very little rain fell through the day. The thermometer outdoors at half-past 10 p.m. stood at 50° with a cloudless sky, moon and stars bright." Another gun accident, writes a corres pondent at Mount Pleasant, occurred on the evening of August 10. Hark fi&ertou;, sged 14 years, in the employ of Mr. Koyal, was «_^ning a gun at Sanders's Creek to go rabbit shooting, when in drawing the charge the gun exploded, and shattered the bone of the fore finger of his left hand. The lad was some distance from any houses but he went to the nearest, tiie owner of which kindly drove him to hi* master's house—a distance of seven miles, when his master drove him seven miles farther to the nearest medical man-—Dr. Barah, of Mount Pleasant—who thought it necessary to ampu- tate the finger. There was no one near to assist. Mr. Royal having gone to stable his horse; but the boy held out his hand with the greatest courage. He never so much as flinched, but simply aaid—" Mother told me I should blow uiy hand off witii that old gun ; thank God it is not so bad as that." We understand tbat application will '". ma.. to tho Government at an early period .it tidie for the ?urvey of a large tract of laud in the vicinity of Kadina wanted for agricultural i>u_2>oS_s. 'X'here are persona residing iv -the locality willing lo take up 20.000 acres and cultivate it; and no doubt many more persons would come forward if they knew that land was to be purchase !. The reason why pers-US h *v_ tilt en tb. trouble to _■ arch out a locality in u_ snrvcycJ. Crown I__ud_ is that they wish to be nearer th. important mirket on the Peuiiuula than lh_y would l__ if thuy selected oa tbe I-'urthem areas. As we have continuously argued, the Government ought to take steps for placing the whole of the laud between the Rroughton Area aud the mining district on Yorke's Peninsula open for selection at the •earliest possible date. There is uo doubt that i. would speedily be brought under cultivation, .ta the great benefit of the district and of tho whole colony. — l*_i iroo Tints. Spite of the extra meet on Tuesday, which the Clubowe lo a public holiday, preccied on tbe Saturday by the capital steeplechase spin with a pack of hounds in frout, the M_i_ter had them oat again last SaturJay afteroooo. The rain, which came down with a will soon afternoon, augured badly for result., but the weather cleared again, and left a pleaimt warm day to finish up with. The fixtur. was 2 p.m., at the Glynde, and after ti_ie had been allowed for the latest arrivals to put in an appearance, the Master and the pack, attended hy the whips, trotted off in the direction of O iiu;.*>i_t- ana and Paradise, across the river by the bridge, aud up the maia road into a large paddock of Mr. Me—od'a, on tha right. The hounds were laid on at the lower end, and hitting it off. led up ths slope, crossing the road, with a couple of fences, and carrying it up a stiff ascent, caino round on a wheel, and recrossed the road back into the first field; thence they held it np the rising ground to wards tiie hills, and crossed beyond Highbury Kara, getting into aome sandy and scrubby .country. Still holding it np the rise, they ran it to the right across the Anstey's Hill line ; and thence back again into tiie enclosures on tbe track towards Teatree Golly, where they threw np. The going was naturally very severe, being uphill all the journey, and a great deal of it heavy sand, while the earlier parts of the run were so punished by the wet, that the best hones ought lie excused if not taking kindly to their work. The c _ntry traversed was Messrs. McLeod'., Farndell'a, Wood's, Gridley's, SaeVs, Lambkin's, EJopper*-, aud DordoyV. A public meeting in aid of the Wes leyai- Home Mission and Contingent Fand was held in the Lecture Ka'l, Pine-street, on Monday evening. August 12. There waa a fair attend—cc. Mr. Jamea Scott occupied the chair, and, after devotional exercise*, said he wa. happy to find that the fund had cjntinued to grow in th. esteem of the members of their Church and congregations, and that by their prevjous c_tribi.ti.D_i the income for the year that had just closed was considerably in advance of all former years ; aad be ventured the bopi that the growing need of its aid would he considered by their friends, and that the amount would be still larger next yc_r, and increase with every year of its history till it reached a sura sufficient to overtake the im portant objects which it embraced. With the character and aims of this institution they were already familiar. Its name clearly state! the position which it occupied in their economy. And it was certain that its existence was indis pensable to the maintenance of the constitution of their Church in its entirety, and without ite help their extension in the land would be pain fully slow, if not impracticable. Mr. P. T. Scott {Hon. Secretary) then read the report, the adoption of which was. moved by the Iter, liana Mack, and aecouded by Mr. G. W. Cotton,in interestiug speeches. The motion having been carried, the Key. W. __. Binks, Chairman of the District, delivered an able address, in which he gaveauaccountofmiasionworkinthecolony. He mentioned that the Church was in a peculiar position just now. In sending ministers to the residents on the agricultural areas expense was occasioned, and, at the same time, by the re moval of the people from otiier parts of the colony, old established circuits had been so weakened that some of them would require assistance. In consequence of the difficulty of getting the persons who had gone out on to the areas into clauses, he should not, he said, be at dl surprised if the returns this year showed a falling off in the number of their Ch_ch members. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by the Key. T. James, srith the doxology and benediction, brought the nu.ti.ijr to a close. The proceeds of the collection at this meeting and of tbe collections at the Sun day services amounted to about £20. The anniversary services of the Bible Christian Chapel, Young-street, were held on Sunday. The Bey. O. lake preached in tbe morning and Mrs. Lake in the afternoon. In consequence of tiie absence of tiie Bey. 3. __, Parsons, through illness, lbs. Lake pleached again at night- On Monday evening the services were continued by tea aad public meetings, both of which were weU attended. Ur. 8. 3\. Way, Q.C., was Caairman at tiie public meeting. In commencing the proceedings, he stated that when (he Church waa opened there waa a debt of between £2,000 aad £3,000 upon it, which had been reduce J to bomething less than £600, npon which was charged interest at 5 per cent. He pointed out that the chapel needed come alteration and an entire renova tion, which could n«t be done srithout considerably adding to the debt; snd he urged that a sufficient turn should be col lected for these purposes. The financial Secretary (Mr. Blatchford) read the balance aheet, from which it appeared that there was a credit balance ef £32 16s. lOd. on the financial account of tiie year. The Bey. Ur. Alien, after referring to his eariy expe riences of tiie colony, said he did not see what advantage tiie Christian Church had gained in spiritual life; it was not np to the mark, and be had a deep conviction that the Gh__h of tiie day was not where it ought to be. It oould boast of numbers, and better chapels and posi tion in society, but he failed to see that it had gained tiie sovereign power of the Holy Ghost He should like to stir up the hearts of all Chris tians present, and he referred, as a powerful means of good, to class meetings, and said these should not be neglected. He held that every Christian in this wodd had a mission to per form, and thst mission was to bring souls so Christ, and this B-ionld be performed in audi a manner as to ensure success; that there had been too much conventionalism amongst them, and that their ways were too stereotyped. ' Or, Campbell made some excellent remark, on the subject "Has the Gomel lost its Power.*' The Bey. Ur. Way then addressed the meeting, making a few pithy remarks. After the Bey. O. Lake had appealed to the generosity ef the audience, collections and subscriptions were made, and a considerable amount of money was raised iv a few minutes. The total proceeds of tiie services amounted to about £50. The sub scriptions for the repair of the church realised upwards of £115. Hearty votes of thanks were accorded te tiie Chairman and the persons who had assisted, including the choir. The meeting closed iv the ordinary manner. The Argus gives ibe following account of tiie performances, both in and out of prison, of tiie convict who recently attempted to mur der the Inspector of Victorian Penal Establish ments: —"The convict Weechurch, who on Sunday last at Pentridge Stockade stabbed Mr. Duncan, Inspector of Penal Establishments, has spent a considerable portion of his life in gwl, and a review of the sentences which he has served shows that his recent violence is on a par with his previous behavior. On tiie 17th of April, 1886, he was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for burglary, and two years, cumulative, for another offence of the samo nature at ____t, six years in all, so that be should have been discharged on the 17th of April last (187-!), but in the meantime his behavior waa such that sentences were inflicted by tiie visiting Justice, amounting to six years two months and 21 days cumulative on the original sentence, which he thus succeeded in doubling. He would not therefore have been discharged, even if he had kept quiet, until the Bth of June, 1878 ; but, as he haa now stabbed Mr. Donoan, be will have to suffer stall further detention. The following are a few of the of fences for which his term has been added to since his incarceration ir 1866:—Damaging oeU, three months in irons ; assaulting warder, two months' solitary ; attempting to abscond, four months' hard labor; seoond time do., four months' hard labor; destroying property, six months in irons ; second time do., three _onfo_ ; in irons ; destroying «__, two months'solitary ; same offence, one month's hard labor ; attempt ing to abscond, four months in irons; fi^?t?"g. three months* hard labor; assaulting warder, six weeks, bard labor..; burning Inspector. General's quarters, nine mouths in irons; dis orderly condust, two months in irons. There are many other sentences, bit the list is too long to give.. Weechurch Ss a native ot Not. tingbsm. and a shoemaker by ?-m- E ___, xB5O he was transported to Van Diemea's lAnd (Tas mania.) under the name of John Baylor, sen tenced to seven yean' imprisonment, and it is supposed that he must bave been flogged. In j 1865 be was sentenced as' John Hallam'to ?ix months' incarceration for being illegally on pre. arises; previously, in 1862, be received three years' imprisonment for burglary and stealing, and during that period was sentensed to fire months' imprisonment, in irons, for two of fence., one bring aa assault <__ a warder. For i_tt_H*ting to escape during the same period he was sentenced to four months in irons. Wee chuxeh considers that the sentences for miscon duct, instead of being cumulative on, should have been concurrent with, his original sen tence ; and apparently it was this opinion at to bis punishment for rebellion against iHaciplioe for which he sought to obtain Mr. Daffy's sym pathy. Probably, as imprisonment—simple, solitary, or with irons—has had bo good effect npon him, nothing short ef an application of the lash will suffice to keep him from seriously injuring or killing a warder qr trro." f 