AN A0OOMP0ISIED ROGUE. (1Fron thI London Telegraph.) TnEnE be land-rate and water-rats, water thieves and land-thieves; but what money louder, pirate, or pieuvre ever got his slimy claws so thoroughly round his victim as did the so- called Oomte do Natal in dealing with a plain and honest Scotchman of the name of Grant? It is a great pity that in speaking of one of the most accomplished swindlers who have cropped up in modern times, we have to throw doubt on the authenticity of his name. We should prefer to know him as the Oomte do Natal; but the president of the court which tried this gentleman more than hinted that the prisoner was an En glishman. His English was very good, whereas his French was obviously defective; but it was as a Frenchman, and one of the foremost of Frenchmen, that he appealed to Mr. Mo Taggart Grant, who, despite his name, is described as an English merchant. The count made the acquaintance of the merchant in the winter of 1870, and repre sented himself as a very important person, whose property was unfortunately looked up in Paris. He first got a loan of 250 francs. Then he got a loan of 500 francs. Then he came in a mysterious manner to Mr. Mio Taggart Grant, to ask whether he knew any English house that would negotiate a loan of a milliard to the French government. Mr. Grant forthwith entered into communi cation with an English house for that pur pose, and, in dealing with sums of such magnitude, a small trifle of 2000 francs was not refused to the count, whose resources were out off by the investment of Paris. But greater revelations were to come. The count was not a count, but the Duo de Balan. Hoe came one day to announce that he had been summoned to Paris to assist in the negotiations for peace, and strongly coun selled Mr. Grant to invest money in a projeoc for buying up stores for the capital. The Empress, the Prince Imperial, the Duo de Persigny, and oven; he himself, the Duo, do Balan, were all concerned in this great enterprise, which demanded a sum of four million francs. Stroke upon stroke fol lowed, as the clever painter saw that the imagination of his dupe was impressed by the picture. He confided to him that M. Thiers had offered .him the poet of minister of finance. His own property, alas I was ruined, houses of his to the value of £50,000 had been utterly destroyed; his patrimonial estate of Balan, worth £16,000 a year, had fled from him for ever. But what woroe such trifles to a man who know the greatest people of France, who was related to half-a dozen noble families, who was called in! to serve the country in a grave political crisis ? We next hear of this distinguished person in Berlin, where doubtless princes, politi oians, and finahoiors were doing him honour. It is true that, some little time before going north, he had undertaken to carry into Paris a sum of money which Mr. Mo Tag gart Grant held in trust for the poor people of Paris. It was on his way. H e ,was about to take possession of the finance de partment; and who better able, therefore, to discharge this charitable work ? Perhaps those French families- got the money. 'The kindly-hearted will suppose that they did, for nothing more was heard of it. Bo that as it may, the finance minister was sum moned to negotiate with Prince Bismarok; and while in the Prussian capital he snatched a few moments to write to his Scotch friend to say that a 'little loan of 75,000 frances wotild be very convenient, because it would allow him .to pay the impot fonoior on the Balan estate, failing which, that valiable property would be sold by those dreadful people, the Prussians. We are not suprised: that the French journals should once more hold up. hands in astonishment over the erratic Englishman in chronicling the fact that the £3000 was sent avoo ano pontualito qui tiont du prodige. The duke was grateful to his English, or rather Scotchfriend, He sent him some soourities which purported to be worthconsiderable sums. He also meant to sell his gallery of piotures, which would fetch from 100,000 to 150,000 francs. More *over, although nothing had come of the loan or loans of which the duke had vaguely hinted, was not the finance minister of France an important personage to know? As Mr. Grant made no show of investigating or doubting his correspondent's statements, the gentleman in Berlin gave loose reins to his imagination.. M. Thiers had offered him the post of ambassador at Berlin or in London, whichever he preferred. The president was about to introduce a projot do loi to recompense him for all those ruinous losses in Bellevue, where a church, a sohool, and sixty-two houses he had built had all been smashed to pieces by the bombardment. He could not quite decide whether he would go to London or Berlin as ambassador ; he would have to consult his family. Moan while,, the finance minister had not in any satisfactory manner taken steps to pay back the £4800 the trusting Sootchman had lent him. "Me. Natal," said a subsequent and in genuous witness, " appeared to me to be a lunatio." "What he told mo might have made a novel." We do not consider this description of a novel either fair or accurate ; but it may pass. It is sufltoiont to note that ,. Natal claimed to be a man of lottors, which may account in part for the rosoato fiotions with which he captured the imagin-. ation of Mr. Grant. "What have you written ?" said the president of the court to him. The reply gives some cluo to the place of his birth; for he answered that he had written various articles in the journals, but that everybody know that such articles wore anonymous. This statement the president, spe'king for French journalism, ventured to contradict; but nothing could be elicited touching the contributions to literature of this distinguished politician, who kept offtoial appointments, as it wore, in both his waistcoat poolcots. The duke may boat lay claim to authorship in the matter of the legends which he wrote out for the amuse ment of the simple-hearted Mr. MoeTaggart Grant. If that gentleman was so much irn pressed by the verisimilitude of these com positions as to send £11100 to a person of whom he know nothing, what further teeti mony to his literary abilities does M. Natal require? History tells us, however, that a patient reader of Gulliver's Travels was at last heard to say, with an air of conviction, that he did not believe one word of what he had been reading; and so, at length it oo ourrod to Mr. Grant that there was some uncertainty about TM. Natal's narratives. Thee Scotch merchant ventured to writo to TM. Barthelemy St. Hiliaro, and was informed that M. Thiors know nothing whatever about the gontloman, who had boon nogotiatink important business for him in the remote ends of the earth. Moreover, Mr. Grant now bethought him of consulting the list of members of the National Assembly at Ver sailles, in which M. Natal had incautiouely said his name would be found. His name was not found. On the contrary, oiroum stances arose to show that there is no such name-and that the Duo do Balan had no more solid existence on this earth than the ghost of Hamlet's father. But the per sonator of the duke had so much reality about him as to let the law-to use a com mon expression-lay him by the heels, and, in spite of his asseverations, he was con demned to three years' imprisonment, to a fine of 3000 francs, and ordered to pay 30,000 francs indemnityto Mr. go Taggart Grant. Which are we to think the greater -the audacity of this bold and ingenious swindler, or the exceeding simplicity of his victim ? 