LA LDY, TH-ORN.HTJRS''S , ?,DAUGHTER. , ?, "i';' .:, BY:Mns. ILmOIET LEWIB. OHATTER XVIII. t' , TimRE she is," said Redruth, as the older ,rlwaws' called. "Papa has been asking for you, I! -mamma. ·And Ceoil and I want to hear the h reatr of.the storylabouttthe bear, you know, ill? mamma. ,,Won't you come ? " .ia,:-Lady Thornburst turned upon her boy a c,. look of love, in which was yet a taint of sadness. :Her boy's lips never syllabled lher " anie,:but she thought of the golden:hnied, silver-voiced little girl who had first thrilleod ._er.soul with the utterance of that name, and whose fate was wrapped in profound Sdarkness from her. "I will come-soon, boys," she~said, snail-' ing' "l am gathering a bouquet to put by' papa'a plate at dinner. Run back. to papa, dears, and tell him I will come soon..' The boys ran away obediently.:. The door had been scarcely shut behind them,~anud t'':heir footsateps had scarcely ceased echoing Sthiough the ni morpning-room, when the giarden dobr.of the conservatory was thrown vio leitly open, and Digby IHolm, with distorted visage, strode down the aisle, and stood be 'fore the divorced wife. -:''She started back at the apparition;' :.'al'iarmied, yet not terrified. She. did not l wknbw hiim; The bloated figure before lier ,did not recall to her memory the slender ,u'folm of'her first husband. The man's face 'as hidden by'his slouched hat and: the jlturned-up collar of his long Spanish cloak.. ':: :Well, madam," said Oaptain Holm, in < a voice of concentrated rage and bitterness; : ' is it thus we meet again ? " -... :" His voice, hoarse and strained, did not .vrecall the voiceIgnatia Redruth had loved. L1:lThe face of the marchioness flushed, and she. .! recoiled another step, saying courteously .. di!Youlhave the' advntage of me, sir. I :.do not.remember you. If you would re ,,'move your hat- " . Y :. Your memory is as fickle as your heart," ,,cried - Captain. Holmi . in . a fierce anger. of,'. Who is it you have most cause to dread of a.:ll, the men on the earth? Who was it s,,wore.to.be revenged upon you for rejecting iand scorning him? Look upon me, madam. Do you know me now ? " S.,He dashed off his hat and turned down .his coat collar, standing before her with. a devilish look in his eyes and a sardonic smile cn.his lips.. He looked a satyr, yet despite Sthodhange in him shesknew him. ..She had half turned to flee at the com '','nceenient of his address, fearing that it "is i-iiadman whob had so strangely intru .7det4?'4jo'lafhe', and she stood now as if rooted :tothe spot,. her siupple body turned towards S"thf"d'ori: of the morning-room, her face orng;t' him' over.her shoulder, with an SFi~ssiondf utter horror frozen upon her 'features." ' i' ' Digby!". she saiad. at last, in a shudder: gyelo..l (0 heaven bive mercy ". , ' she taggered: backwards two or thiree plaic?shan .saenk down:'upon a rustic chai', lier %unch of violets falling unheeded to the "floor.i' ..." ''"'' i'n'oH'dm took a step forward and set his foot "iepon the blossoms,'giniadig them undet.his " Your memory has revived, madam," he \- "said, sneeringly. " I see that you know me 'naow.'b0 3".iiLady Thdrnhisrat:did not uinewer, savb by, EI the'wild; horrified look in her dusky eyes. ,,i; .I ou manlie as much fuss over my return cas if I had risen:from the grave," mocked ,Captain Holm. "Did you think I had for a gdtten my oaths of vengeance? Had you , growi so secure in my absence as to believe SIlbshbuld never return.?' " ", !!I---Ilthought you were dead," gaspeO a the beautiful :marchioness, white and ,trembling. .: :: ,Th~at is false I I-sent you a letter tinder -cover to your.i.Aunt Jacob, telling her that Sstilt lived. :,,"Iknow-I know,'! said Lady: Thorn .srst,;I:p oaningly., : !I :recoived that letteri op my, second marriage day. iBut :three ,yearrs a?o my aunt heard from.Mr. Todhetly , h?,y..ppened to be visiting in her neigh~ .I qrhod -that, you had died in the: Ameri' can w.?r'of rebellihon,.. ": ... "'''' Well ; I, did not die, although. I was .'unded, and .in the hospital a long time fte.rwp s..' Men with purposes.as engross, "has n 'ine seldom die until.their purposes e'r a'onpplished,' and Captain .Holm glowre at the marchioness. . "I live, as yoU s.ee An dl I have returned to England to 'i, fui myoat.h." " . ""'''' What; oarth?· .·. bl kli iiene on you." . Lady Thornhurst quivered in every limb. i "deadly terror assailed her. .What if her husband should come for her, and find thia i.man here? What if, Holm were to pro "1ilaim 'himself to the: marquis as her first " ' have I harmed you ? she de ':mlmded, in a terrible desperation. "What have I done to deserve your enmity ? Fo ishame,OCaptain Holm, to make war upon a 'woman I I never wronged you--" '" You did!" he interposed, white with' 'Irage; ". You made me what I am! Four , teen years ago I went to you and asked you' 'to 'f6frgive my errors and take me back! Inistead;you flaunted in my face a decree of divorpe , Had you forgiven me and clung ilto me, and shared with me your money, I' svl~oild today: have been prosperous and' honoured. But what am I? Disowned by, Smypgirents, alone in 'the world, the wreck of r.what' I .was, podr, homeless l. That is what I am, an4 'hat you have Made me.".. itlaj l 'yhatqu hve mae madeyourself,I iigby Holm,", said !'ady Thornhurst, with' , teass streaming down her cheeks. "The; ruin of your life is due only to yourself! I. ;l~ied 'you until my love became a, folly. I clung to you untiLyou.threw me aside and trampled upon me! You deserted me! ,Yonuoutreged my effeotion';.i ou wronged *mi;'you"corned me Youa'heaped upon' me contumely, neglec , shame .'I .You be pame a gambler and a choeatl you. even qealt to, cx' blov e r 4fter all tait, could ,yoe epgc .me to tnake you back and to be I ?d y6'iie lov~lpgi iwfe · Imipossible I The law freedm e fr0m you out of sihiple juatice -yet Jhuh blane me!. The only one you :h haveto:blaine is yoiiself." £"lo jdswelL:a woman undorstands the art of .elf'defeox?o" sndeered 'Captain Holm. "Your onlyl thought is to got me away as ,iqb* j g.p:isieble 6oefore my-esucossor in your eateeo~imakes his appearance. You bx .??p oht ouiigt of my poverty, so long as .you ?ay preserve your luxuries. You do -pot~eaye'~thatI am rtinless, so long as your purae is full. You aro like the rest of the world, madam, and I should be a fool to take compassion upon you !" Lady Thornhurat listened in an agony. No sound came from the morniug-room. After a moment of dread silence, the 1 marchioness turned towards Holm,, with clasped hands and pleading face, and.gaveo utterance to the thought that haid held her soul from the moment she had beheldshimn. " Tell me,". she whispered." my.child where is she? Does she live ? "-- -- i.. "Thooo questions :I willanswer ins my own good time. .Some day, perlhas, I may bring' her to"you. ' And ?hen, agan, 'I may choose to' keep yioul' aphrt 'o long as you live. I will.wdrkimy'own will, you may be sure. ?,6 -; t;: , i. . i.- .i ;, . '.P- . -, ". . i Lady Thoinhurst: wrung her hands ! : '., " 0,a,:my;q ohild !! !rmy *fiest-born',"" she moaned. .,"?My little goldehn~hairlid' girl my, only' girl ,.i;Digbyi hdw olan you mook my anguish:? Otnlyigiveme bne lool6 athor -nly slot,;me:. see :her) face'!., Be merci : !As: you.,have. been toite"',. lie cried. " Yes, I will; bemerciful-as merciful a's the tiger to its pey---ha! jha.L~! ' iThe.ldit time we met, Ignaýa? you: told me you should never. marrylagain.; Iretturn; after the lapse of years,, to fipd you. the, wife of another mpn, thie'mother of sanother, man's chil dreon. I suppose,you had a.legal.right to marry; but I do not, recognise that right. I.regard you.as still my wife.', .., . SLady Thornhurit did not answer,,but re garded hiim in a dumb despair. , Had she hbeeri alone in the world,, she would have arisen, in the majesty of.a ,ter rible indignation, and bidden him defiance. But only two,rooms away were Lord Thorn hurst and her two noble boys, and for their sakes she dared not defy this'raging mono maniacal man. Knowing her..husband so' well, I is ea lousy and his peculiar ideas concerning mar riage and divorce, she dared not summon him to protect her. She only hoped to spare him the knowledge of her persecutions. " You know that I am n6t your wife, Captain Holm,". she said, when she could summon strength to speak. "You must not call me so." I cannot bear the insult. Why have you come here to-night ? " "To take a look at my wife," answered Holm, with a cool insolence. "To tell, her that I regard her as still mine, to have an interview with her something like this." "And you'will go away as you came? " asked the marchioness, with a wild eager ness. "You will go quietly, without seeing my husband? :'O, Dighy, be generous to me. 'If you ever loved me, be merciful. My husband:is great, arid noble, and good, but he is proud, and he could never bear 'a shame like this. Digby, leave me. For the sake, of your dead mother." "? Holm frowned, interrupting her with a gesture. "Don't rake up the dead," he said; "besides, I would not do for the dead 'what I would do for pay. Your husband is proud and jealous, he is rich as Orossus, and if he chooses to.keep such luxuries as pride and jealousy, and you want to pamper him, why you can do so by paying me money.''" Lady Thornhurst opened her eyes in a wide surprise. This man whose silence could be purchased with money, whose greed could conquer his hatred, could he be the man she had once loved ? ... ' ' Holm seemed to road her thoughts. His face. flushed, and his anger throbbed through his veinse.. But he held himself well in check. , He needed money with which to prosecute his search for Tessa, and he was determined that Lady Thornhurst should supply it to. him, and thus help'. him to'the terrible revenge he rmeant to take upon her. He was.really poor, having.hut ten pounds in the world, and he meant that his former wife should replenish his purse. "You look surprised," he 'said, huskily. "I do not agree to forego my revengO for money, but I'll make a bargain with you. Give me a hundred pounds down, and' I'll go away without seeing your husband, and I won't return.till I want more money. I give you freedom and, peace,' and you give msemoney-I leave you.in .undisturbed pos session of Thornhurst and its gloiies, of his lordship and your sons. What i do you say? '?. . '. I will get the money for yoi," said the marchioness, catching eagerly at the hope of a reprieve. She arose, and at the same moment the sound-of. amanly tread-was heard crossing the floor of the .morning:room 'approaching .the conservstory. . "/ Lady Thornhurst bent towards her sinister visitor in a frenzy of alarin. . : . , "Go!" she cried, in a frantic whisper "In;heaven's name, go! I will coine to you presently-with the money-midway down the avenue. Go .'':. :.Before Oaptain, Holm could, reach .the door, towards which he began a hasty retreat -before the marchioness could compose her terrified-face-the door of the morning-room again opened, and Lord Thornhurat entered the conservatory..,.. .. . . .. SOIIAPTER XIX. Whaitever designse and schemes he might have for tthefuture, it was not the wish of Captain Holm to meet the .soecod husband of his diiorced wife then and there. Ac cordingly, as the marquis lialted to open the door leading into'the conser-vatoly from the morning-room,-Captain Holm measured his oiwn distidce from the garden door with the impulse of flight. .The.distance was too great to be accomjiliqhed in time. An alley of th'al, thibckly-growing cactus shrubs was nenar at hand: Holmnmade a plliunge into it, and dropping to the floor, hid liiiself in the midst of a cluster of painted flowertube. When, therefore, Lord Thoruhurst on tered.the: bi'rilliantly-lighted house' cf sweeoot odours, he saww,the marchioness seated in the distance,:inthe shadow of d blossoming orange-tree, her beautiful head, bowed, and her stately figure bent in a stiangely dos pairing attitude. ' 'Iguatia,', he said, approaching her with. ano?open letter inhis hand, "I wish to con sult you about this letter'which has just ar rived. : It ·coacerns' Mrs. Falconer-my eousin, who' was divorced, you know. 'She SDarling-my wife? what is them inatter ? Are you ill ? "'? .,L,,., He hurried to her in the i~ ildost'alarm, for thd:marchibiio`s'had uptrtinoied her face, pale as death, and with' allook of horror: irozon hpon.itL . . ' ': l Iord.Thornhurst'.dropped his letter~ and chafed his wifo's hands, and sprinkled heri ghastly face:with. water from tha. iasini of tho. fookshiail?..": . '. .:.L~.,?~ t. "Let me take you to your room," he shaid. " I will send for the doctor at once." The marchioness caught at his hand feebly. "No-no," she said, gaspingly. "It is but temporary-a-a faintness. I shall he myself presently. Wait, Antony. O-ol-h, heaven! " she added, ina' low, shuddering'" whisper, as she pressed her hand ab6ve' her, heart. " You are in pain, dearest ? "" cie?i the marquis, growing, in- his "sympathy. rin?~ terror, nearly as pale as she.; " I-I am better now," she 'briatlied faintly. "Take me out of this roodm; 'iAn tony," and she sent a long, quivering, tor rifled glance into the alley of cactus shrubs. "Take me into the other rooms." ' ... Presently, dear, as soon as you begin to revive,": said Lord Thornhurst, 'continuing to chafe her hands. " You look as' if you had seen a ghost. You looki like a ghost yourself, Ignatia. What caused thissudden attack of illness? You are not subject to them ?" " No-oh, no," she murmured, evading or ignoring his question as :to the causeoof her illness. "I have had'nothing like this before."' . . .." Except on your wedding-day," said tie marquis. &'You remember how "you shrieked and: faihted without cause in the library at:Redrith: Wold,' after our wedding breakfast.-i That attack was caused by ner vous excitement, I have'always supposed. But youhavenothing to excite you to-day. Are younsure'that you have not some affoc :ion of the heart ?" he asked, anxiously. ,:'!:Quite sure, Antony," said the mar chioness, 'trying hard to recover her strength and calmness, that she might make her es cape from the near presence ol her enemy. She could feel his basilisk eyes peering out at her from the screen of the spiky cactus shrubs, and she feared that at any moment he might be overcome with passion and hatred, and rush out from his concealment upon her. The marquis sat down upon the rustic sofa beside his wife, and drew her head to his bosom.' His face was thus turned towards Ignatia's first husband. The latter studied it eagerly and enviously. The years that had only ennobled and made grand the superb beauty of Ignatia, Marchionessof Thornhurst, had been equally kind to the marquis. Taller than the major ity of men-over six feet high, and stately in his proportions-with hair and beard like the curling silk of the tasselled maize, and eyes as keen as lightning and blue as the summer sky, with a fair, handsome, noble face, he looked more than ever like some grand Saxon king of the ancient days. . Holm hated him at sight. He felt a long 'ing to crush and humble this proud, high ;souled gentleman whom Ignatia loved. He thought, with the fierceness of a savage, how he should like to mar the manly beauty of his lordship, and how he should like better still to wring his very soul. " He shall suffer worse than I have suf fered before. I have done with him," thought the outcast, as he crouched low' in the shadows of the cactuses, and peered out with wolfish.eyes. As if she read the thoughts of her enemy -or, perhaps, with the instinct of a true woman to keep her husband's tenderness sacred to herself- the marchioness essayed tor ', se . : ' ' . , ' . S"I cannot, bear the odour of the flowers," she said, in a choked .;voice.. .' I .must go into the other room,-Anfitony." , .The marquis picked up. the letter he had let fall, thrust it inhis pocket, and tenderly supporting his lovely wife, led her slowly up the dim fragrant aisle. He paused at the fountain to wet her white face and to wipe it gently, with his handkerchief, Then ho continued his course to the morning-room, bending over Ignatia with an air 'of pas sionate tenderness and devotion that caused Holm, .peering out at them, to gnash his teeth. - . : Lord Thornhurst opgpedithe door of the mbrning-room, an oot?agon-shnped apart ment,, with a fire,:. ?und the poble couple passed in, and closed the. door behind them. The marquis seated his wife upon 'a sofa, and sat:dowi beside her, hapging over her in a compassionate tenderness. Excited almost beyond his power of self control, and determined to see the scene to its close, Captain Holm, with an unparal laeld audacity, stole from shadow' to shadow along the conservatory, and softly opened the door, so that he could peer in upon the unconscious pair. They sat with their backs towards him, their faces half ..turned, so that he could narlk every change of expression in their pountenances, himself unseen. Unconscious of any hostile presence or jealous scrutiny, thinking only with a con suming anxiety of his wife, Lord Thorn hurst drew her to him tenderly. ' Do you feel better hero, dear wife ?" he asked. '"Yes-much.bhtter. 'The air:out there was.so stiflitig !" ,and the marchioness drew. a'long breath, feeling.free from the deadly gsze of her enemy. "You scarcely seem better, Ignatia. You tremble like a frightened deer. Theroe is no colour in your cheeks. Even your lips are white and quivering. Your eyes have a scared look in them. This attack of yours should be investigated, Ignatia. It may indicate a diseased heart." He looked so grave and anxious that the wife could not forbear to reassure him. "It is not disease, Antony," she said. "It was only a sudden pang-a faintness. I have had nothing like it since-since our wedding-day. I-I was recalling the past--" A look of sudden jealousy shot into the blue eyes of the marquis. "I have seeoon you sad at times, Ignatia," he said, gravely; " and more than once when our boys were calling your name I have seen a far-away look in your eyes, or a quiver of your lips, as if their voices re called to you the baby voice now hushed for ever. And.sometimes I have fancied that you shirank from my caresses iG fear and trembling. My darling, do I not make you happy?" "Happy!" echoed the wife, in 4 sud denly passionate voice. "Happy, Antony? My lifo with you has been a heaven." Tihe listener grated his teeth in a sudden fury. "Has'been ?" said Lord Thornhnrst, not hearifig tios strange sound. "You speak as if th'a~' happiness were' passed, my wife. -Y'ii 'lookl at this moment in terror end dread. DIoes any m'iOemory of the past have iower to haunt y o? Forgot my weakneoss -my proneness to jealousy-and toll me the truth, Ignatia. Does the dead husband have more power over your heart than tile living one ? I have seen you sometimes sad whoen.you did not know that the eyes of love were watching your face. Do you still mourn for the husband of your girlhood ? Does the thought of him in his grave tiouble you ? "ga ," O, no, no! " cried.Ignatia, with a oon vulsive energy. "He is utterly--uttorly dead to me." "And you do not love his 'memory?" persieted Lord Thornhuirst, driven on by jealousy to self-torture. "Forgive me, dearest, but I have never dared to speak to you of your first husband since our mar riage. I have tried to forgot that you were ever married before. I would never ques tiobn you about him for fear that I should awiakehii memories that I would have dead. B'ut hnow that I have brokien through the silence of years, I would lilke to ask you the qluestion that has often troubled me. Do you love me as fully as you loved him ?" "0, Antony," said the marchioness, with an earnestaness and love that silenced all his doubts, forgetting, in her anxiety to dispel her husband's jealousy, that another, not less jealous, and far more to be feared, might possibly be lurking outside the door, "I never loved till I loved youen lIy love for my first husband wasnot deserving of. the name. . Ite was .a weakr, fleeting fancy, of which I must have grown-of whichli I did grow- ashamed. I have noaffootion for his memory-I never think of him without a shudder. It hals pleased me, Antony, that you never questioned me abolit my first mar riage, for I would likid to forgot it in the happiness of my present one.' The marquis, in a transp?rt of .joy, showered kisses uponher, aiid called her by a host of tender namers. t t Captain Holm, peering i mat them, sh8o0 his clenched first at them, and inwardly; re neowed his vow to be revenged' uipdn themn both for his rejected loIdve, his ruined life, which he himself had blasted, and his poverty and friendlessness. . I " We have buried our dead paest!" ,saild: the mariquis, gently. "And with it we will hury all memories of. the dead ;husbadsid, Ignatia." The marchioness shuddered... She :was tempted at that moment to, deolare.to her hIusband the existence of. Holm,., but ;she dared not. The secret she had guarded so long must be guarded still..: "He thinks me dead,". thpught Heolm. " le thinks I died in America, as Ignatia thought. I wonder if my apparition would startle him? " But the villain did not show himself. Lady Thornhurst believed that her enemy had stolen silently out to the appointed ren dezvous. She even fancied that she had heard the garden-door of the conservatory close softly after him. The necessity of meeting him, if she would guard her secret from her husband, became apparent to her. She lifted her head fromn her husband's breast, and tried to rise. But the marquis, perceiving that she still trembled, held her close. " We will go to the parlour as soon as you are yourself, my darling," he said, gently. , I would not have the boys see you as you are now. They .would be sadly frightened at your paleness and wild look. Thle dinner bell will ring in a few minutes, and I want to charm back your colour and your smiles before it rings. You see I will not let you go,", and he smiled lovingly upon her.; The marchioness yielded to his gentle authority. " It is my fate," she thought.;. "'Yet Hlolm will wait for me. • I am sure he will be patient!" . "". ' .. OCatching eight of the letter. whioh Lord. Thornhurst had carelessly thrust into, his pocket, she seized upon tihe idea of changing: the conversation from her own part to a sub jectless dangerous. "I am much better now, Antony." el. said, not looking up at him. "I shall soon be myself. What were you saying about a letter as you came into theconservatory ? "' Lord Thornhurst was Willing to divert his. wife's thoughts from 'her supposed malady, and answered, as he drew out the lotter "It is from my sister. :Matilda writes me that Mrs. Falconer, my distant relative, whom you have never met, as I have not wished you to associate with her, is about to marry a Gaornish baronet. Matilda begs me to be present at the marriage, which is to take place from my sister's house. She lectures me in her letter upon what ehe is pleased to term my peculiar ideas concerning marriage and divorce, and urges me to bring you to thle wedding. She ap peals to you in a postscript to use your per euasions in Mrs. Falconer's behalf. In short, my darling, Matilda shows herself the same headstrong, impracticable, quixotic, dear old girl as of old, She says that Mrs. Falconer is to make a brilliant marriage, her baronet owning mines of great value, and it is riot proper that Mrs. Falconer should not be countenanced at her wedding by the chief representatives of the family from which she has sprung." "eIs not Matilda right, Antony?" sug gested the msirchioness, absently, The marquis's fair face darkened a little. " Qf what are you thinking, my darling?" he asked, in a tone of surprise. "Are you already won over to Matilda's side ? Why, do you not remember the story I told you of Mrs. Falcoiner ? She has been divorced i " "I-I remember," murmured the mar chioness. " Matilda claims that Mrs. Falconer was not to blame; that she made an early and rash marriage, and that her husband had turned out badly, I claim that she was to blame for contracting a rash and inconsider ate marriage. He ill-used and deserted her. She should have quietly retired to her coun try home. She had a name and relatives to consider. I cannot forgive her that shesued for a divorce, dragged the miserable details of her unhappy married lifo into'the divorce court, and caused my sister to be called as a witness in her behalf. They even called on me to testify to Balconer's frequent brutality to his wife. The trial was reported in the penny papers, and was hawked about the kingdom. Not one of my friends but knew how many times Falconer had sworn at his wife. Not one of my tenants and labourers but read the disgusting story eagerly, and gloated over the exhibition of misery in high life. The scandal that was said and printed was boundless. The thing annoyed me bo yond endurance.. You'know my intense family pride. It wae then that I got my horror of divorces. I decided to run away from England for a time-I own myself a coward thero. I bought a ynaoht,.and spent thie summer in Norway and tlhe winter in the Mediterranean. WVhen I roturnedhomo, some now scandal lhad taken the place of ' the groeat FalcoUor case.' " " But she was innocent, Antony: The laws of church and state gave her back her free dom in common justice." i "But at whlat cost? The sacrifice of modesty, delicacy, and retirement. She stood out before all England, and said in effect, 'behold me l I married rashly, and I would like to avoid the consequences of my raslnnss. I took this man for better or worse, and he hlas turned out worsei and I want to shirk my bargain and be freed firom him.' There is the truth of the matter, Ignatia. I am prejudiced; but I am not altogether unreasonable. There are cases when a wife might well sue for a divorce from an unworthy husband, as there are cases when a husband might well sue for a divorce from his wife. But for myself I would bear almost any private sorrow and disgrace rather thian sue for a divorce from an unworthy wife, and I would never coun tonance and support any woman who had been divorced. I wish tie Cornish baronet joy of his marriage;. but I would rather die than stand in his place." ... "0! Antony." '"It is God's truth, my own wife," ro peated: Lored. Thornhurst, .solemnly. '"I would rathei'ndie than wed a divorced wo rman. 'Thinhi'of it. Falconor still lives, a dissolute .follow. This Cornish baronet, Sir Morgan Tretllyr, who comes of a proud old family, slhnarries a woman witththe freshnoss of lier life all gone. Ho gives her his heart she ggives lim the remnant of hers. Hoe showers, caresses upon tier; she measures their warmthl by those of Iher first husbanid. And Falconer.lives, and will meeoot her now and again in society. If she evorloved him, her heart must thrill again under his glances. B3ut if she hates him, how can those two men meet-botli husbands of the same woman? Is not the idea hIorrible ?" "You argue from feeling rather than rea son, Antony," said the marchioness, in a low, flurried voice. " Sir Morgan may have loved a score of times, even if he has not married. How many men marry their first lovies? He is just as likely to be world worn as she. He may cherish still the memory of some woman he loved; but she, knowing Falconor so well, can only loathe him. She has no sacred memories, no sweet and sad imae to be wori:shlipped in lher in most soul. You are wrong, Antony. Would you have a noble and good woman tied to a clod? Because she mistook his character and it is not always easy to know a man's true character before marriage-must she continue to live with him, be guided by him, bear.his abuse, and become the mother of his children? " "No; but let her leave him quietly." "But suppose hlie follows her up, forces himself upon hlier, and creates a scandal ? " i! Then let hlier do as shle thinlrks best about suoing for a divorce. I say again, divorces are often justified; only, Ignatia, I have a horror of them, and I may as well add, of divorced people. My prejudice, as you say, comes from feeling rather than reason; but it is strong enough, whatever its source, to influence my actions. I shall write to Ma tilda refiusing her invitation for you and my self.. Will you abide by my judgment in the matter?" ' The'marchioness bowed her head silently. At that moment her anguished eyes fell upon the gloating face of Holm, as he peered in at her through the aperture of the door in a savage exultation. She had believed him departed,. and the shock of .seeing him there was terrible. A low cry of horror came from herlips, and she trembled anew like a tree in the wind. S"You are ill again," ciied Lord Thorn hurst, anxioneusly. "Why did you let.me disturb you with: all this.nonsense, Ignatia ? Areo you faint ?," . .''. "I. feel very ill," -gaspedthe;marchioness, in.a chokred whisper. " Get me to iny own room, Antony. I want to liedown." ' .The marquis thrust his sister'snletter.again into his pocket, and suppoted: his half fainting wife into the grand old hall, closing tho.door behind them.. Then tihe eavesdropper. uprose from. his crouching position; and: after 'rubbing his bonumbed limbs, glided down the length of the conservatory towards the gardeh-door, saying to himself-? " " " This has been a lucky, night: for me. My lord has made a perfect revelation of his character to me.. That revelation willprove a fortune to me. Joalous, is he? Does not kInow he married a divorced woman ? Art ful creatures women are; but how Ignatia kept from him the foact of the divorce, I can't see. To be sure, fortune, or her father's prudence, favoured hlier. The matter Was kept out of the papers; but I should have thought the man would have had some curiosity concerning his predecessor. Too jealous to speak of him, that's it. They live a Darby and Joan sort of life, and never mooeet any one who kneow of the divorce, or dared speak of it to the marquis. Heisn't a man to say anything unpleasant to, that's certain. Matters seem playing directly into my hands. I shall have what I have schemed for for years-a glorious re venge." He glided through the door upon the garden steps. A gardener was coming up the steps at the moment, and seeing a stranger there at that hour, suspected that all was not right. Dropping a watoring pot which he carried, the stalwart York shiroman rushed to grapple with the sinister stranger. Holm eluded hIis grasp by springing boldly over tlhe side of the steps, and then darted rapidly down the path, losing himself in the darkness and night. The gardener made no attempt to pursue him. He looked after him doubtfully, mut toring as he shook his head "That's no burglar. He's a gentleman, if there ever was one. He's a stranger in those parts. I never set eyes on him before. What does he want hero at this hour, and so secretly? Not to see my lady? Yet there's no other lady in the house. Some thing's wrong. I'11 toll my lord as soon as he gets through his dinner-blamed if I don't." He picked up his watering-pot and entered the conservatory. Meanivhile Captain Holm made a wide circuit to the great entrance avenue, and paced up and down in the gloom under tie dripping boughs of the arching:trees, and waited, muttering now and then .ii Will she comn e? J":eihaps she "oannot get away. I'voe'iot to~have thnat: ioney cursoe the luck I 'oii't she come ? ?: :. · HA·: O~PTEREXXS' ..i ':! " While :Captisin Holm waited impaltiently without for her coming, Lady Thorithurst was even moire anxious and impatient to go to him. The hope tlihat she mighlt bri'able to secure his silence by paying him money was strong within her. And so also was the fear that if she delayed her appearance, he might come to the house and boldly demand to:soos' her. This fear nearly de prived her of all power of self-control. . On leaving the morning-room, finding herself very weak, shelio sank down upon a carved wooden settle in the hall, breathless with terror at the face she had so unexpeot edly seen at the open door. Tie marquis brought her sal-volatilo and a glass of wine, and hung over her with the tenderest solicitude and the most intense anxiety. In the midst of his ministration the first dinner-bell rang. "I am not equal to the exertion of going out to dinnor, a tony," maid the marobiionese, in a faint voice. , Besides, I do not ant to frighten the boys by allowing them to see me as I am.now. I will go on' up to my room. '"Loan upoon me, Ignatin," sai8d Lord Thornhurst. "I will take you upstaiirs"' Ho conducted her to her dressing-room, a luxurious apartment, furnished in white'and oarmino, and wheeled for her a silken lounge in front of the glowing sea-coal fire. T'ady Thornhurst dropped wearily upon the couch, while the marquis rang the boll,. sumnion ing her maid--the faithful Martha, who..had occupid' the post in Ignatia's girlhood days, and who had afterwards added to he.'rdsities as maid' those' of nurse to the little child Goorgia.. Martha presently made her appearance. She had a heavy country face still, but it was pleasant' and kindly. She had gbod taste ini matters of dress, was an expert milliner and dressmaker,. and was a pro ficient in the duties of a lady's-maid. But better than this; she was honest, faithful, and true-hearted, and loved her beautiful mistress fervently. She had never ceased to mourn the'loss of the little Georgia. With her alone, of all the world, the proud Lady Thornhurst used to talk, and weep while she talked, of the lost child, her beauty, her itnfaiitile wisdom, her dainty ways, her preeious'iistel lect, and wonder if little Georgia still.lived. The secret between the two proved si bond of friendship that grew 'strongear" with years. "You had better undress her ladyship immediately," said the marquis to the7':at tendant. " She is in a state of great' ndrv ous excitement.. I wish to adniiias'te a sedative to her before I go down'to dinner." "You had better leave us Anitoil," said the marchioness. "Do not lt' me detain you. I am already myself again.'. "And trembling like that! I msli't'see you in bed beflore I go dorsi sti?ts':r said the marquis, with gentle authority; '. ' Lady Thornhurst made no demr.i?? She was feverishly anxious-for the' first ti o in her married life-to have him leavie'.her. So she accompanied Martha into his,'WAm bed-chamber, and sibmittod to be diesrobed, garbed in her night garments, and:tucked cozily into the low French bed *ith'"its embroidered satin coverlet, frills :f 'le, amplitude of fine linen, and lace'"d iisry falling around it like a mist. The marquis came in to her with'hihd'ihy medicine-chest, and prepared a seda Uf"for her. ' "' He had nearly finished it when lthip'0 nd dinner-bell rang. "Leave the medicine, Antony," 'aid the marchioness; " Martha can give'It to s. Go down now dear." SThe mhrquis gave the tumbler to Martha, and bent ovo 'his wife, :kisipg her. Her excitement brought ai colour, to. her iheeks now, and Lord Thosuhurst.thoughtslhe was better. Detoermining to senid for lh 'family doctor on the morrow, and, leimn foio him the cause and otre of hqe" lad?isiiip' attaok, as a guard for the flurbe, li'e enjoinh d Martha to call him should Lady Thiornfiiast be ulableo to sleep, and went softly'ouit of the room and down the stairs. ' :: After lie had gone, Martha. appibched her mistres with the sleeping-draught. "I will sit by you, my ladj, and'watch you while you sleep,'" she'said; piesiting thde tumbler. "You do look like death? my lady, acid that's a fact. Was y'our laffyship took sudden ?" ?" :' The marchioness took th6 tuimbller;, rbso, and went 'across tho' flobor, ptig the sleeping-draught upon the bhck of th rate fire. Martha uttered an exoainmation of impio amazement. '. "Now look" the door M4hia ,'" sed 'h ir mistress, glowing with anxiety uand .xelt - meet. Martha obeyed wonidering'ly : " ... i "Now bring me a black silk waling-d8ress and my grey shawl," commaided her ady ship. Martha's wonder became a positivi allrlii. She fancied her mistress delirious. ' ' " O, my lady ! my dear lady !" she oiled, clasping her hands in affright. " Yos are not going out of doors in that feverilsh state, and the night so wild and gloomy? Where do you want to go, my lady? Let me call my lord." "Hush, Martha - you will alarm :tihe house o! I must go out of doors quietly aiid secretly, and you must dress me; Ask iib questions, but hurry." The marchioness proceeded to dre~s herself with quickness. Martha, tearful and expostulating, brought out a ivwalking dress and a grey travelling-shawl. "If your ladyship would only allow me to call mylord," she pleaded. Lady Thoruhurst paused in her task of buttoning her dress, and looked at her attendant with a gaze half stern, half sorrowful.' ' ' "Do you want to ruin me, Martha?" she riasked. "Can you not guess the cause of my trouble? You have knowii all'my secrete, and I shall need your sympath in this one. Are the doors looked ? '' "Yes, my lady." "I told you three years ego that Captain Helm had died in the war in America," said her ladyship abruptly. "He is 'not dead. He has been here to-night. , The maid uttered an ejaoulatin" :of Sterror. She knew the whole; udbha pp I story of Lady Thornhuret's life.' She' wa·s the friend and confidant of her mistreass, "uiid;but for her loving sympathy, the heart of the marchioness might have broken. " He has boon horo? " sheo gasped. " Has my lord soon him ?" "No; and pray heaven he may not. Captain Holm is poor and wants money. I have promised to pay him to leave me in peaoe and and unharmed. Bring me my purse from my writing-dosk. Hark! that was not the house-boll ?" (To &e; conti?eld.) 