Gold Oup Weights, 1872. BY PEGASUS. I ' IfoLLOWiNO a Custom that is very convoniout whon thore arc no races coming on within a dny or two, Mr. fccarr put foril; his Gold Cup Handicap on tho 8th instand, of waiting for lt tc becotno duo on tho l2ih ; und tho huraoy frequontors ol Tattorault's havo had nomo days to con ovor tho Ugurcs, anc form an opinion of tlmir justice Jt is noll said, that ir ovory handicap raco of fo.ty-tlvo entries, th^ro wed bo llftoer animals with mt tho sligluost chance, boforo tho weight; appear ; and thero is, thcroforo, nothing surpassingly Btrangc in dlicovering when wu have the handicap in hand, that ac many as twenty aro as good us iioad. Such appears to mo to bo tho Otiso with tho present Gold Cup nug», a largo proportion of which aro handicaped clean out of it ; some owing to tho lightness of tho weights, others by reasun of ooh g placed on bud tarins with individuals among their follows ; but from WhUover causa tho handicap is generally concured a bad ono. Not tint tho winner is eusily picked, for it would bo strange if ho woro, whon all but thu first eight of tho wholo lot must bo ri Iden by boys, and thoro uro but few that aro much good ; but tbero do seem soma glaring inconsistencies crop ping out hara aud thoro-tilings that »re almost, if not quite, unintelligible. For onco, after a long timo of sundi chañóos, old Tim is tioitod to u weight that ho eau travel under ; though I havo doubts whether at lila maturo ago he is able to win as fast a r ica as this mus. Inevitably bo ; but with Oat 31o ai his impost, a horse of Ills ca ii bro is always dunicoious. Tim's class is AL, os wiullhuow; or ols ? wo should wonder why ho gt vos Warrior 711», a'tur tho latter winni .K his last live weight for ago races, in ono of which ho easily bout Tim. Folks say ihat was a Hake ; but my belief is til it Warrior cnn always beat Tim ut three milos. Old £i irnblofoot eau havo no show with Warrior at ovou wolghts, supposing that oitbor or both putin un appearance, which I doubt ; and Dick I also put out of tho category, having like wise only a poor idea of Itomolu's chanco Croydon, Ht and well, is novor out of anything ; and if ho happons to bo ali light on tho day, ho ls a long way in this struggle Barbolle is getting pound by pound onco moro down towards a weight she eau carry ; but although 1 shall not glvo hor up io* soma tlmuyot to como. I havo become painfully aware that she is too uncertain to glvo faith on unrotorvo ly. Tho Pearl iliad many Monda, and is well lu, as indeed uiay bo snit! of all (tho representatives of that stable ; but it scorns to mo that ono .or two more of tho samo lot will bo much botter worth back ing, after the Holbourne Cup winner shall have concluded his ¡present campaign ; uud of thoso I tuko it, k'laronco will bo backed for a deal of money by tho follow ors of the stable. AV o ali fcuvw what shu ¡rn been, what she may, and moat likely í will bo again ; and having had a spoil after which she lc and goes excellently well, there's no reason why she shouh just come out, and do with 7st 01b what The Barb did v 8st I2lb. I come nest to threo animals whoso handicap is immense cariosity ; such as Jav'lin, The Spy, and Itoseb ah at 7st Sib. The Spy has dono by two ¿eco: tho fastest Australian two miles, and he receives a j from Jav'lin ; Kos.bud won tho Metropolitan Stakes other day, in a style to astonish everybody, »nd i receives two years from the three year old ; the Deroy ^ ner carrying thu fair steadier ot soven eight, as already shoi I don't underrate Jav'lin ; for on tho contrary I think h a bettor throe year-old than any we've seen hore, barring 1 Burb ; but I don't forget that when Mr. Leo's colt was disq lilied in tho Spring, Tim's friends strengthened their casu averring that the old hoiso wu s winning in spite of uti J av could do, when the latter jostled him. I may possibly no of that opinion ; but I know these things wera tald at timo, Howovor, I certainly can't see a reason for maki ony threo year-->ld give a year to Tho Spy or two to líosonu and I don't think many other folks will understand it bott Lapdog and Tho Baron are of that uncertain s that I can't h tva anything to do with tu is tin; but Hook upon Sir William as having at last a chanco i big handicap, as his speed must serve him in a light-weig fast run race. It he can't carry his seven stono -six ri) through tlieso two miles, it ought to bo his last attempt doing tho distance. Tho Duke Ls well enough in, ao far abstract chances look on paper ; but as against certain in viduals is out of it ; Pyrrhus won't be wanted, couldn't wir it' he were, and will wait to do his good thing till he's 1 years "ld. Hamlet and Lady Clifden X supposo to have chanco ; the former won't bo right onough to come here w: any hopo of success ; and tho illly X don't Uko for this eve: Tho same may bo said of tho Inly ing Dutchman ; and tho bi horse in at tho weights is ho who divides the handicap in two equal pirts and is tho only représentât! of 7st. I do consider Tho Count remark*! well in ; for after what ho did in the sprii he must li ti vu credit given him ; moro especially as in t moantimo ho has been resting instead of racing, and is vc much linprovod, so far as appearances go, ou any form he Li ov-T shown. Leaving f ir tho present Irish King out of r calculation!!, because ho surely can't run Tho Count at t weights, or givo Tho Prophet 31b, I come to Illuminatio who would seem to havu a great share in this (rood thin Slnco ovar this Illly first appeared I havo been taking no of h«r doings and X havo always said that whenever she com out fit she will win a bij race ; but whether that fitness w bo urriv-d at tills time or not, is at present hard to say. know this much, that t Lu Count und Xllnmination catch n eye as much us anything, us likely to give au account thom8i'lves. Tho Prophet who has (¡at 101b, giv almost her your to Illumination ; but then ho's cc taiuly our second best three-year-old : and shouldn't think Ibo Monk has a ghost of chancu ; not evnn if he wero put with a stone less up alon sido Crusader, who really has in his timo performed resptc ably well. Tho touts havo said that Cyclone was Johur Smokor's master in their work, and nven that's quite possib without his being able to win this Cup ; but if hu went all i pieces instead of only s ightly ami-s before Tuitersall's, ( course ho's out of it. Tho next one, Dagworth, brother I Al, is wcightou curiously, as corni uroil with onie others, i this wiso : Wo have in this handicap tho untried ihree-yoa old. Dagworth, and tho uiuriod imponed four-year-old, Br gadior: no more is known of ono than of ibo ether. Yo. tl iluee-yeur-old is treated to Cst (iib, while , he four-year-old : lot off with -llb lass. Un what private Information the hand capper has dono this I know not, but at any rato thu princ pies of handicapping are completely set i nought. If tho ihree-yoar old Dagworih, becaus untried, is made to give his year to some- an two to others of such winners as Mabel, Tho Quack, Juanitt Paradise, and Captain Cook, ono would naturally suppos that tho same measurement would be used in tho case c Brigadier, became he is untried, and a four-year-old. Bylon can't go thu paco that this race will bo run at, neither can Th Quack nor ltumblor ; Mabel and Juanita though not ovoi burdonod, aro just that little blt not good enough, thats often stops a 'good thing' from coming off; and I'vo lon slnco been satisfied about £11. Nobody who saw Captai: Cook on Kow Year's Day thought that was his running. H wasn't tit to run for straws, and if he is right fit on the Cu; Day, lie is well suited, indeed, with Gst on his bick ; as als' is Paradise if she didn't happen to bo loss to bo depended oi than almost any other racehorse in tho land. I don't knoi Tho Peor, but lie's well enough in, if ho's any good ; and if an, other of the Sst division has a chance, it must be on accoun of tho weicht, and not of any good quality ; seeing that th Molly Carew gelding and Grandmaster are as bad as bad cai be, Achievement not much better, and old Crusader has seoi his day. Thus I havo endeavoured to sum up tho qualities of th< horses and of tho handicap. I have done so without preju dice, knowing full wall the difttculty of gottlng such a lot ol animals together without many of them being loft without s chanco ; but thoro are so many comparisons in this list thai can in no way bo explained by previous running, that I have been unablo to avoid a few antagonistic remarks. Picking out prubablo winners is next to an absurdity in any handicap so long before-hand ; but as X said before, there's very poor chance of getting even near tho winner, when all are ridden by boys, among whom ure not mv.ro than half-a-dozen fair riders. If X wero to indicate what seem tho best ten or eleven, I should tako thom about thus:-Tim, Croydon, florones, Sir William, Tho Count, Illumination, Brigadier, Captain Cook, I'arudiso ; with Barbollo and The Prophet thrown in. I can't holp thinking this race will be a terribly fa-it one, unless some untoward circumstances keep somo of my chosen ones away from the post ; and X need hardly say, I should havo taken The Spy as my very best, but for reports of legs, or, at any rate, of ono ' leg.' Kosebud, too, should bo one, only that others in tho stable seem bettor in. Wlion ono remarks upou a handicap being too light, so that otvnorsjcan't have their horses riddon, its very much the fashion to reply ' What's that to us ? they must find riders tho host way they can ;' but it isn't desirable to see all tho horses in a big race ridden by boys. Tako out Willy Anderson, Jack Shorringham, Micky Bryant, Murk Thompson, and two or throe moro at the outside, and there isn't a rider tint's any good among our light weights ; and I'm quito sure everyone feels moro interested in soeing such men ot Ashworth, dris coll, Holmou, Joo Kean, Stanley, Morrison, Carter, Thompson, sh nw the raro combination of hoad and hands,' thoa in watch ing the frantic efforts of a lot of children to cut their hor> os down, and run themselves or their fellows against posts. There's no comparison ;* but its only in a Derby or Leger wo get a chanco to seo tho men at work ; and, indeed, our pro parly mudo jockeys got so littlo liding that I ofton wondor how they mako b»th ends meet. At any rate, our handicap per doesn't give thom much of a chance, or as ht in any great degreo thu efforts they makn tu keep themselves respectablo. In Victoria thoro is a better chance for tho regular profes sionals ; and X observe that Archer, Tim, Gluucoo, and Warrior oil won thy Cup with big weights up ; while The Darb and Tim alone havo como near tho front in our big handicaps. While on this subject, I may remark that tho Launceston Cup weights aro adjusted on a moro convenient, and X think moro equitable scale, beginning and ondlng somo pounds highor than ours ; but tho handicapper has a vary different appreciation of somo of tho nags . to what Mr. Scarr has.. For instance, in tho Sydney Cup weights, War rior gives Eomola Sib ; while at Launceston, having him foif 131b moto on his back than hero, ho conccdos to her 101b. Hero, Warrior is at a stono difforenco with Tho I'carl, which becomes 101b at Launceston, whore tho Pearl and Pyrrhus havo but 4lb between thom instead of half a stono here. Tho Pearl, Lapdog, and Lady Clifden aro brought nearer together thoro than hero ; but tho great feature ot dif ference ana improvement in favour of Launceston is the I rilling of tho staudard 71b. I hopo tho horses imy all keep right till tho day ; so that tho handicappers' work mav not bo prejudicially affected ; and then I believe wo shall'Boo my lot furnish tho loading division homo past tho judgo. I can only add that no onu moro than myuo.f wishes tor a largo accept ance, and a big fluid ut tho post. Since tho above was writton, Littlo Dick and The Baron have been »crttuh-U : Mr. Winch bein* evidently, as X am, of tho opinion that thoy have no chanco at tho weights. Niniblefoot audltomolu are also said to havo retired. 