EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. Mb. Parkes has already begun to crow cruse. The success of his friends in East Sydney lias already inflated him with the notion that he is an immaculate man, a true prophet, and a nonsuch legislator. But he ought to take time. It does not follow that because there are circumstances which have niost strangely conspired to lift him up to the top of the tree, in East Sydney, he will be equally successful else where. The result is indeed very decisive, but the meaning of it is not so very clear. In thanking the electors Mr. Parkes says that the meaning of it is, that the electors of East Sydney will not submit to the coalition of Martin and Robertson. We accept no such explanation. We ourselves were opposed to the coalition, and some of those who are now opposed to Mr. Martin suggested and approved of the coalition so that: the country will not be so ready to receive Mr. Parkes' cunning and interested explanation. Mr. Parkes also explains that the East Sydney electors meant that " tailors and blacksmiths," not being mem bers of Parliament, shall not interfere with . Cabinet matters. Hqw can this be, when, at the last election, when Mr. Parkes was re turned at the head of the poll, the very same " tailor and blacksmith " influence existed in his favour, which nowr is against him? The difference is this, that then Mr. Parkes found it convenient to solicit and accept the " blacksmith " power whiie now, as under the wing of the Duffys and the Butlers, it suits Mr. Parkes to sing another song. Once upon a time Mr. Parkes used to take it very ill to be called " Henry Parkes, D.D, " — that is " Dealer in Dolls 3" and " Heniy Parkes, TT.M. " — that is, " Umbrellas to Mend." Those who have been twenty years in the country will remember the time when these cries used to greet him when he came forth from his small turning shop to speak politics. We entirely disapproved of the insulting allusions as unmanly and base in a colonial community, where all are supposed to have sprung from the ranks 3 but now, since Henry Parkes has been a minister, and has worn a cocked hat, there is no controlling his impudence and ambition, and he throws the very insults which he used to resent, and talks very slightingly about " blacksmiths and tailors." Is not a blacksmith or a tailor as good as a scissors to grind, or umbrellas to mend? Mr. Parlces' attacks on Mr. John Davies are the attacks of an ingrate. He kicks away the ladder which has often helped him up. And his references to Mr. Davies on the ground of education are laughable ; for if any one will read Mr. Parkes' letters to Sir James Martin, on the question of Mr. Robertson, he will find that while Mi\ Parkes has. command of language, and has greatly improved, he is ignorant of some of the first rules of grammar. We hate this style of thing as contemptible beyond measure, and especially con temptible in Mr. Parkes, whose education is nothing, whose trade is not superior to a blacksmith, whose reputation is not first class, whose ungrateful conduct to Mr. Darvall, when he wanted to study for the bar, ought not to be forgotten, and who, when set to leam his Latin nouns and adjectives for the purpose of passing the necessary examination, stuck at what the merest schoolboy can master ! The success of Mr. Parkes in East Sydney, at this election, is attributable to other causes, which are quite transparent. Tlie Ministry had offended the working classes by the reduction of wages 3 and it was perfectly evident that whatever the explanation which Sir James might give, the working classes were deter mined to revenge themselves on the ministry for this unpopular act. That this was the chief cause of Mr. Parlces' success is manifest from this, that his friends made it the subject of a cartoon which was plastered all over the town as their most telling appeal to the working classes. Then the " eight hour" question deepened the dislike of the working classes. The ministry would fix a legal day's labour at " eight hoiu," if the people wished it, but they would regulate the pay according to the time ! How could this get the work ing man's vote ? Yes in his unthinking rage the working man would vote for Mr. Samuels, who would not support the eight hour movement! Then, the working classes had their spite and revenge in tensified by the imputation that the reduc tion of wages was required to pay for the standing army! How could the um brella menders forgive this ? — -reduce their pay to hire soldiers V — and reduce their pay when the said umbrella menders would make better soldiers, as volunteers, than any standing army in the world ! Other causes lie a little deeper. Mr. Parkes has been to Melbourne. He has seen Duffy. It is said that communica tions have come from Duffy to Archbishop Polding on behalf of Parkes 3 but, whether this be so or not, the fact is undoubted that every Greek and Roman who had a vote voted for Parkes because Parkes had denounced the Martin ministry as a " Pro testant Government." It was impossible to go about the hustings on the day of nomination or polling without gathering from the loud talkers who had a brogue, ; that they had got orders from somebody to vote for Parkes. Everyone of them had the same reasons to give for so doing. And so the Fenian Ruffians, who only the other day hooted at Parkes as the Kiama Ghost, were now luskly cheering him as ' the " Boy to smask up the- Protestant j Government !" Joy be to Mr. Parkes ' from his new friends ! "We quite, believe what a Priest, who evidently knows a thixig or tAvo, and Avho has a little px'ivate judgment, said, befox-e the hustings, when lie saAV his sheep lioAvling and shouting not like sheep at all, " Our people," says he, " are supporting Parkes, bxxt in a little Avhile they Avill see their xnistake." He said that he would have xio objection to Parkes, if he could only trust him. Well, perhaps the Pi'iest Avas right for once ; and the misguided sheep will perhaps find this out. Another cause; The Orangemen of Sydney, Avho are a poAvexful body, Avere divided on the occasion. These gontlemexi have once more illustrated the maxim " divide et impera." As no religious ques tion Avas at stake ; as nothing avus involved which touched their principles,- a large number of them felt that they Avere free to have their OAvn reckoning Avitli the candidates ; and as some of them refused to suspect Mr. Parkes yet, they gave him a vote to the exclusion of some of the ministerial candidates. Hence the result ; but, Avhile the resixlt must minister very greatly to the ambition of Mr. Parkes, it leaves the border question just Avere it Avas. In fact, this question has been skilfully throAvn into the shade by -Mi. Parkes ; and the public are in total ignorance of "the course to be folloAved should the ministry be displaced. Will the collection of the duties go on ? Will it be stopped ? And if stopped, Avill not the consequence be that Nerv South Wales will be compelled to accept tho dictation of Victoria, and sub mit to be robbed ? Wonders will never cease. Mx\ Parlces and Mr. Samuels are brethren, and in the same boat. The man Avho professes to have the same principles Avhich lie ei-er had, that is Parkes, and Saul Samuels, who is so base a truckler to the Pi'iests as to eat Sunday morning breakfasts, in honour of the " Immaculate Virgin," are now together. Who is the " pirate" Avho has beeix taken in to the boat? Is it Samuels Avho has been " taken in ?" or, is it Parlces Avho has bowed doxvn to the " traitor to the back bone ?" We shall see ! 