EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. A Conference in connection with the South Australian Evangelical Alliance was held in the Lecture Hall attached to the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, on Monday morning, May 2u. There was not a large attendance. The ohair was occupied by the Rev. S. Mead (President of the Alliance). After devotional services. The Pbisidkst express* 1 regret at the small ness of the attendance, which he thought was more to be attributed to the inconvenient hour at which the meeting was held than to lack of interest on the part of the religious community. He then called upon The Rev. T. James, who read the following paper:— An undue leaning to materialism is the most persistent and incurable tendency of our nature. Materialistic error is the most difficult to fix and deal with, because of its subtle and protean developments. It appears to me to run in three trunk lines, the lateral branches of which are innumerable. It finds its embodiment and diverse expression in life, religion, and science. In common life it works by the passions and appetites; in religion by the imagination and the venerative faculties chiefly; in science by the reason and judgment—and always by the will and the heart. In the first, the representative cry is, "What shall we eat, what shall we drink, and wherewithal shall we be clothed?" In the second, the soul hungers for some image, or fetish, or form of sufficing ritual. In the third, intellect is enthroned, reason is supreme, science is the only true life, and demonstration its main achievement. In its creed here there is "neither angel nor spirit," Man and the universe are every thing. The future is left to take care of itself, and God is an abstraction which may be any thing, everything, or nothing. The first is pure Epicurean Paganism, ending in dust and death. "Let as eat and drink, for to-morrow we die." The second is a specious form of will-worship, leaving unsatisfied that hunger of the soul which bread cannot appease, leaving unfilled that heart-vacancy which cries out for the living God, answering to none of the essen tial necessities of the seal, and leading, in a dim, uncertain, and resultless way, to ultimate loss, disappointment, and despair. The third applies its literal and mathematical rule of thumb measurement to everything physical and metaphysical, employs the scalpel with a re morselessness altogether insane on those things of ideal truth and spiritual beauty that are instinct with an imperishable life to the sentient soul, and full of beauty and eternal joy to those whose ears are attent to that voice less utterance which has gone out into all lands, and who have the vision to discern the interlinear illumination, 'the light that was never on sea or land." "Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep;" but scientific, Sadducean materialism, when it has slain by its merciless dissections the most cherished things of our memory, inheritance, and hope, hurtles them pell-mell into a grave of darkness tenfold, and of thick-ribbed ice. The long and dreary period before the coming of Christ, was, of all others, the time when the grosser materialism was exhibited that asks to eat, and and fight, and get, and that seeks only to live by " The good old rule, the simple plan, That he shall get who has the power, That he shall keep who can." Egypt, Assyria, and Persia, with the most of their rulers, were notably of it. Sardanapalus, Solomon, and Chesterfield may be taken as standing for the best outcome and flower of its highest civilization. The result of the experi ment can hardly be said to be encouraging. The Kings of those times have gone down to forgotten graves with all their pomp and glory. Their empires are perished, and the very ruins of their grand memorial cities have to be sought for under the debris and dust-heaps of time. Sardanapalus, the history of whose splendor has been theme for poet and historian from his time to the present; wrought himself to such a condition and temper of hopelessness that he could think of no better expedient than suicide. King David's son, whose magni ficence was equalled only by his sadness, has left a confession which the world has wondered at for ages—wondered, because those only who are brought into the bitter secret by experience can know that the outward things which all the world runs after may be associated with madness and misery, with vanity and vexation of spirit. That old Pagan sybarite of our own times, Lord Chesterfield, covered his varnished old face at the last with the dust of com punction, and went down to the grave with the confession on his blanched and withered lips that he had been as wicked as Solomon without his wisdom, and that his life had been lived only to bring discomposure, incertitude, and torture at the end. The rage for symbolism is as universal as man himself. It is to be met with in China, in India, in Africa, in the islands of the South Pacific, in the Eastern Archipelago, and every where, in fact. It is the main feature in Paganism; it is the scarcely controlled aux iliary in Jewish worship. It has spread over Christendom, both eastern and western, and threatens to invade our modem Church life in a manner that has led many a soldier of the Cross to look well to his wea pons and to buckle on his armor afresh. It must be very dear to every one who notes the predisposition of the mind in this direc tion that it was not without sufficient reason that the God of Israel prohibited any representa tion or visible figure of Himself, and the use of an graven images or figures in worship; that he buried the body of His servant Moses beyond possible discovery or knowledge; and that the children of Israel were restricted from inter course with the nations living in idolatry. Those restrictions were never disregarded with- out leading to most disastrous contamination and injury. Then, as now, evil communications corrupted good manners, and the corrupted be came the sure corruptors of those who were drawn to dalliance with them. I think that the most of the Church life of our time is overdone with symbolism, formality, and ritual. The life is attracted and drawn too much to the surface, and the vitality, which should centre at the heart and be wrought out in the life, is absorbed by things external and ceremonial, and frittered away without profit in material ends and uses. It is perhaps more chiefly our business to look at that speculative theory in philosophy that resolves all existence into a modification of matter, and all modes of existence into specific determinations of natural inherent force. Huxley, Darwin, and Tyndale are amongst the ablest exponents of the more re cent and startling developments of organic materialism. We are as ready as any to hail them as belonging to the great bringers of light to men concerning the ways and works of God. It is not their theories so much that we quarrel with—we can afford to wait to see what they will ultimately make of them—as the unwar rantable and unjustified extremes to which those theories are pushed. We have no wish to make them answerable for the misapprehensions to which their statements are liable on the part of men of no scientific capacity or sympathy. Still less would we charge upon them the crude assumptions and blinded conceits of those whose only claim to science is the wish and endeavor to appear scientific; but we submit that it is ask ing too much when it is demanded that scientific speculation shall stand for everything, and that the old Bible, reckoned obsolete, shall give place to the new and untried creed. It is fatal to the claims of modern materialistic science that just where those claims become the most clamorous and intolerant, the conspicuous de fection involved in the missing link mars the whole theory, and rudely disallows the claim, We can believe in development, but it must be such development as experience attests, or at least does not contradict—a development of order, and within assignable and recognisable limits, and not of disorder and confusion, run ning, by transition, into all sorts of mongrel, meaningless, and abortive monstrosities. We find it impossible to believe that— " A dear with a neck that is longer by half Than the rest of the family—try not to laugh— By stretching and stretching becomes a giraffe. A very tall pig with a very long nose Sends forth a proboscis quite down to his toes, And then by the name of an elephant goes." Our theory of evolution, without being dog matic as to the precise mode, is that " God created every living creature that moveth," and our notions of development must be controlled by the belief that "God made the beast of the earth, and cattle, and everything that creepeth on the earth after his kind, " and "man in His own image." I know of nothing mere absolutely dreary than the scepticism of materialistic science, that deifies the universe and deposes God, that holds to the absoluteness of averages and denies the sovereignty of Providence. This is its creed :— "I believe in fire and water, And in Fate—Dame Nature's daughter ; I believe in steam and rice— Not in virtue, nor in vice; In what strikes the outward sense— Not in mind nor providence; In a stated course of crimes, In Macaulay and the Times. As for truth, the ancients lost her. Plato was a great impostor. Morals are a vain illusion, Leading only to confusion ; Let us study snakes and flies, And on fossils fix our eyes. I believe in all the gases As a means to raise the masses ; Carbon animates ambition, Oxygen controls volition; Whate'er is great or good in men May be traced to hydrogen ; And the body, not the soul, Governs the unfathomed whole." The deplorable cousequences of such a creed in the individual life were shown to me in an instance of which I had personal knowledge, A few years ago a young man of fine abilities, liberal education, and of the new scientific creed, came out from England under agreement to conduct the lead ing paper in another colony. On the expira tion of his term of agreement he proceeded to an up-country town of importance to fill a similar position. The first thing that brought him under my notice was the beguiling on his part from the true faith of Christ one who was my very dear friend—a man of culture, taste, philosophical acumen, extensive acquirements, and of the gentlest, kindest heart that it has been my lot to know. Next I heard of him as fortifying his wife, who lay dying, with the blank consolation of his lightless and lifeless creed, until she, poor creature, could ask him, " How long, my dear, do you think it will be before the component parts that con stitute me will resolve themselves into their chemical affinities ? " —meaning to ask, by this dismal jargon and cant of science, when she would be likely to die. One day the Catholic woman-servant seeing her mistress suffering greatly, said, with, the intention to soothe and comfort her, "You are suffering much, ma'am, but God will soon release you and take your soul to himself," when she replied, "Tut, woman, there is no God, and no soul" "God save us," said the horrified domestic, as she hurriedly marked on her breat the sign of the cross. I was sometime told by authority which I could not doubt that when the beloved daughter of a celebrated Scotchman —who has perhaps done more than any other man of his day for the spread of popular information —was dying, he could not endure to see her suffering, and he took himself to the hills out of the way; but before leaving gave the strictest orders that no minister of religion should be permitted to see her, nor any one who would be likely to disturb her from the dark negation of belief in which it would appear she had been trained. So far this shuddering horror of materialistic scepticism. I will only further say here that what I have ventured to call the three trunk lines of materialistic evil correspond very nearly with the main features of our Lord's temptation; with those of that temptation by which our first patents fell, and with the classification made by the Apostle John of "All that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life." That is to say—sensual appetites and passions; the seduction of ex ternal, pretentious, and showy things; and the pride of intellectual originality, independence, and greatness. ' With respect to the Church—shall we say it is all it should be, and does all it might ? It would be a pity, then, for that would be only another way of saying that the case, instead of being full of hope, was altogether hopeless. There is so little done, comparatively, that we are driven to one of two conclusions —either the Church is totally inadequate to the task which it proposes and promises to accomplish, or it has hitherto pursued its work very much under conditions of disability that are exceptional and temporary. I prefer the last alternative, because it leaves open a door of hope, and agrees, I think, with the fact in the case. I would respectfully submit that, whereas science, as we have it, is frequently exclusive and one-sided, religion, as it is seen amongst us, is often exclusive and one-sided also. The history of the Churches proves that there has been too little discrimination in the judgments which good men have sometimes pronounced on what they have called the world. They have not unfrequently looked out over the whole land and declared all to be barren but their own small cultivated garden. l am not sure that Christians, any more than Turks, Brahmins, or the followers of Confucius, have sufficient respect for righteousness as righteous- ness, and for truth as truth, whenever or wherever it is to be met with. There are elements in the case whioh account for the narrowness and egotism of the Mohammedan when he looks upon all who belong not to Islam as dogs, but as Christians we ought not only to have got quite beyond the doing of this —which, indeed, we have—but the very instinct and notion of such bigotry ought by this time to have become altogether lost—swallowed up in the wisdom and love of that charity which recognises simply that " in every nation he that feareth God and worketh righteousness is ac cepted of Him." Our missionary enterprises have comparatively failed, excepting amongst those tribes that have had no systems of religion to be displaced; and this, I think, partly because Christians have too hastily and syste matically judged the persons and things be- longing to systems of religion not Christian as all and only bad, and have not given a suffi ciently wide and liberal interpretation to the words of the Lord—" I came not to destroy but to fulfil." The Christian world has long had an incomparable example and model of the true spirit and tactics of the religion of Christ before it in the address of the Apostle of the Gentiles on Mars Hill; and yet there is need that we should to-day begin afresh the study of the divine lessons of that address. A monk was speaking of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to one of those rude men of iron that broke in upon western civilization, in the train of Attila, "the scourge of God," as he called himself. The rough warrior heard him for some time in silence, and then suddenly enquired, "Where, then, are my forefathers gone?" "They are gone to hell," said the monk *'Then I will go to hell with them," said the grim, but great-hearted old Pagan. Would St. Paul have given such a reply to such a question ? I think the Churches would have had a better chance against the materialism of Paganism if they had not been quite so ready to send the Pagans to hell. Our best way of gaining an entrance for the higher good is by recognising and encouraging the good that is. It may be, speaking in relation to the heresies of modern materialistic science, that the Churches would have a greatly increased advantage and power if they were a little more ready to afford a generous recognition to the new truths, which are in greater proportion far than the new un- truths, that science prepares and presents for the service, enrichment, and solace of man. There is another respect in which I venture humbly to submit the Churches are below their legitimate power. The staple and style of their preaching. I do not think ministers are so much to blame here as the Churches that em- ploy them. Many of these present will have such reasons as experience only can furnish for understanding me perfectly when I say that if a man be a preacher, and not a mere talker, one sermon a week is quite as much as he should preach; and it is the Church chiefly that would be the gainer by such a limitation. If a man be a talker merely it does not matter how often he preaches, but then it does not much matter either how seldom he preaches. Ministers ought to be better trained, and there should be a sufficient number to afford every one more time for his work, that it might be the better done. Their remu- neration, also, ought always to be such as would both free them from care with respect to the necessaries of life, and provide them those means of growth and culture without which they are but half fitted for their voca tion. A stinted ministry means a stunted ministry, and this, in turn, brings the sure penalty of a stunted Church. There are ma terial resources enough in the Church to do all this, and more, if all who are reckoned Christ ians gave of their substance in but half the proportion that every devout Jew is careful to observe. But God is robbed every day by His own people, the simple result of which process is, whether they know it or not, that it is not so much God who is robbed as themselves. The chief vice of preaching appears to me to be that there is too much of what may be called preachment, and too little of simple speech, earnest talk, persuasive argument, and scriptural reasoning. Our phrases are moulded too much after the manner, in such things, of a time which, speaking of its modes and models, has properly become all but obsolete and outworn ; and the very tones and inflections of our voices carry the notion of perfunctory conformity and professional bondage. Why men cannot speak in the pulpit much as they would speak on any serious and important subject in the street, or at the fireside, is always a wonder to me. Men have thrown away the straps, and stays, and neckstocks that were thought to be indis pensable in the last generation, to every man who would dress well. Let us try to do the same in the style and manner of our preach ing; and for the staple of our work, let us seek it a little less in the schools, and in the written works of man who did their part well, and are now with God; and more and more in the works of God as they are made known to us by His high priests and prophets for this pur pose ; in the ways of God, as those ways are interpreted by the voice of contemporary his- tory, and of concurrent human experience; and, above all, in that Word of Life, old as the Throne of God, new as the day that is just born, and universal as the wants of humanity. Then, I think, always supposing that our labor is the militant and aggressive force whioh the Holy Spirit employs, we shall work to more and mightier purpose in our attempts to beat down and annihilate the undue and defiant mate- rialism that frowns upon the life of true spiritualism from all points. What the Church wants chiefly for her more successful warfare is, not so much readjust ment and improvement in her expedients and appliances, as a large increase in her power. This power will come by the increase of three main things—faith, charity, obedience. Not a faith that waits on ifs and buts, nor a faith trammelled by arbitrary and impertinent limita- tions, but a strong, resolute, whole-souled faith that makes the promise of God the point of its departure, endures as seeing Him who is in visible, and looks for the fruition of its reward in heaven. Not a charity that stops at brotherly love, that waits to see its own reflection and image before it will operate; but a charity that gathers the whole world into its embrace, and so marks its possessors as tho children of their Father which is in heaven. Not an obedience that is wilful, fitful, and intermittent; but an obedience that seeks the knowledge of God's will, and then dares to do all things in the name of the Lord. Faith working by love, and purifying the heart as a necessary consequence. Christians will be strong to do God's work in the world in precise proportion to their renun ciation of the world, and consecration to Him It was when Sampson violated the law of his obedience that he became weak as another man. " Sinful heart makes feeble hand." It was when Hereward the Wake sinned that his sword Brainbiter broke in his hand. "My good sword cleaves the casques of men Because my heart is pure." "He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do, and greater works than these shall he do." One other word, briefly stated—The extinc- tion of materialistic error is only a work of time. It carries within itself the elements of its own destruction. Everything material stands only in a temporary, dependent, and ac commodated relation to things spiritual and eternal. God is a Spirit, and all His main and ultimate purposes must be in agreement with His own nature. "This corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality." The Lord Christ is a Spiritual King of a Spiritual kingdom, and the testimony of all time, swollen with voices multitudinous, is, that " the nation and kingdom that will not serve Him shall perish.'' I trust I may be held as not venturing on any debateable political ground when I say that France appears to me to furnish the most striking example of our own times that— " 'Tis of those who mouth at homage, who to God no reverence yield, Comes the traitor in the council, comes the craven in the field; Comes the hero of the brothel, comes the liar of the press; Comes the shame of beaten armies, and the ruin'd State's distress." There is nothing more impressive and sug- gestive than the rapid decay that carries every form of sceptical error to its grave after a brief, fitful, and spasmodic career. The theories of Hume, Paine, and Voltaire are all but as dead as the dust of those who originated them. The objections of Strauss, Renan, and Colenso are thrown, by general consent, and, with a sense of relief, into the limbo of forgetfulness, and it is perhaps hardly too much to predict that the special notions, in what has come to be called the Darwinian Theory, will lie side by side with the fantastic speculations of Lord Monboddo before the present generation shall have passed away. It has been oft quoted, but not oftener than it merits — " Truth crushed to earth shall rise again— The immortal years of God are hers; But error wounded writhes with pain, And dies amidst her worshippers." Every truth is a seed sown for the behoof of man by the hand of God in the field which is the world, and is preserved and propagated by its self-germinative power, and sustained by its own perennial vitality. The world holds it in the strong embrace of that unwillingness to let any good thing die which, thank God, characterises it in the main, and so there is nothing so sure as that, in due time, " the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our God and of His Christ, aad He shall reign for ever and ever." The Rev. J. Jefferis said he must express his appreciation of the most clear and admirable paper that they had had from the Rev. Mr. James. There was so thoughtful man or woman who had considered the vexed problems that were troubling modern life in any degree but must have had their thoughts clarified and rendered definite by the very sober and truth ful utterances that had come from Mr. James. Towards the end of the paper Mr. James mentioned that he thought the speculations of Hume, Strauss, and Renan, had almost lost their power. He wished he could believe so; but he was afraid that in the present condition of England, these speculations were exercising a mighty power. During the last 20 years, England and the whole Anglo-Saxon race had been suffering more from scepticism and in fidelity than at any previous period. He did not use the terms scepticism and infidelity in a harsh sense, but in the broad, liberal, and catholic way Mr. James had used them. He had lived long enough to know that there was a great deal of unbelief in the world that was better than some belief; for oftentimes the doubt was just the process of the struggling heart that was trying to grasp God's truth; whilst belief, in some cases, was the mere reception of something that had never been looked at; but was received with out any deep, earnest struggling of the spirit at all. Hence he was inclined to think that there was a great deal that was hopeful in the pre- sent condition of what they called the scepti- cism and the unbelief of English thought (Hear, hear.) It was very gratifying that, in spite of all that had been done to impugn the verities of religion, there was now more thought exercised and directed towards the great prob lems of Christianity than ever there was before. Men of science had ventured to propound to the world the thought that, since by means of their study of the material pheno- mena of the world they had discovered nothing in it but law, everywhere consistent, anything miraculous must necessarily be false. He should be inclined to ask, without venturing to call in question some of the recent theories that advanced men of science had produced— their conclusions having passed beyond the realm of science into that of philosophy, where the unscientific man was competent to meet the man of science on an equal footing—whether, after all, it was possible for them to evolve a distinct theory of the beginning and propaga- tion of material things, without introducing of necessity the idea of a miracle? (Hear, bear.) If they went back to the beginning—there must of necessity have been a beginning, unless they were prepared to convert the universe into a universe of entities that had been everlasting— they most concede that that long succession of things which were present in the phenomena of the universe must at the beginning have been broken. (Hear, hear.) Admitting, for the sake of argument, the views of Mr. Darwin and others as to development, this much appeared —that there was nothing at all in the inorganic world, so far as they had been able to under stand, that could give rise to a single cell of vegetable life; so when they came to protoplasm, they came to a period in the history of existing things when they could not account for the condition that they saw without introducing the thought of a miracle. Creative power must be manifested, according to the theory of ultra-scientific men, for the production of those vegetable cells from which all organic matter had sprung. Then it seemed to him that there was nothing in inorganic or sentient life to account for that consciousness which was the noblest attribute of man. That was only to be accounted for by a miracle. And, given the miracle, the man would be foolish who admitted that God, for the purpose of bringing into existence certain beings, performed a miracle, but denied that a miracle could be introduced for the re demption of the human race; and because Christians asserted that the Eternal Word was made flesh, that Christ went about healing the sick and raising the dead, contended that therefore Christianity was not true. (Hear, hear.) He agreed with what Mr. James had ob served about the way the ministry should over take scepticism. He did not think it was to be done by pronouncing hard names and saying all doubt was damnable. He did not believe that all outside the pale of Christianity were necessarily condemned to doom. With regard to another line of thought on which Mr. James had touched, he considered that ministers ought to be careful to clothe their addresses in simple and understandable language, instead of adopting that professional and inflated method of speaking into which they seemed so prone to fall. It would be very much better if they were to speak in a simple and nervous style of the results they had themselves felt and thought out He considered they needed to get rid of as many as they could of the old theo- logical terms, and to express the ideas in the language they employed every day. Until they had get rid of the creeds and systems that were laid up in their method of speech, they would not succeed in directing the minds of Christianity at large to the great truths. He would express his profound admiration of the way in which Mr. James had dealt with the question of ma- terialism, which was a question that would assume greater proportions before they had done with it Looking at the tone of the lead ing English periodicals and reviews, he thought they were getting into a better state of opinion. He trusted that they should have a cultivated ministry, for such a ministry was necessary to remove the doubts and difficulties of many minds. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. W. Cotton was of opinion that the great failing of men of Christiantity and men of science was an egotism of men and creeds, and that they forgot that great egotism which God had intended to impress on us—the egotism of humanity—and thus there were conflicting elements thrown into the question which neutralised each other. He could never under stand why it was necessary that theologians should fall out with men of science, when the latter made discoveries not altogether agreeing with their views as theologians; nor why it was that when men of science made a discovery, to them apparently con trary or antagonistical to something in the Bible, they should be ready to cast it at the theologians. He referred to a sermon preached by the Rev. Principal Tulloch, in which the rev. gentleman condemned the servility of people towards the priest, and said, " The equal community of all in the Divine is a truth which few Christians hold with con sistency, or carry out to its dear consequences. * * * * When men make much of priests, they cease to believe in God. * * * The priest idea—the idea that certain human creations in virtue of certain human ceremony can stand, or can stand nearer to God than others, and, so to speak, have more influence with God than others; this is the death of all living, rational, healthy, and glad religion. He (Mr. Cotton) hoped that, on their part, there would be less of this looking up to the priests, and, on the part of the priests, less of this look ing down upon the people, and that they would meet upon the platform of common brotherhood. Humanity, under whatever aspect it was viewed, had something dignified and noble about it. They should not take it as being altogether wrong, without their interference, but they should approach it reverently and respectfully. He was delighted to find that the writer of the paper and the gentleman who had commented upon it approached his views so closely, and it was necessary that they as lay men should understand the question. He thoroughly endorsed the view that the belief in the writings of Hume and others was becoming modified, and he believed that the outcome of the theories of Darwin, and even Huxley him- self, would be the laying hold of higher truths, and the reception of the teachings of Chris tianity. German scepticism was on the decline before the doubters of England took up the question; and so, he believed, the disbelief of England was now at a greater discount than the same train of thought in Australia. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis explained, in refer- ence to the remarks of Mr. Cotton, that neither he nor Mr. James in the least possible degree referred to distinctions between pulpit and pew or priest and people. Mr. Cotton was sorry if he had spoken dog matically. He spoke, as nearly as possible, from his own stand-point. He did not intend to endorse all that those who preceded him said, although he would endorse much of it. The Rev. T. Lloyd did not agree with Mr. James when he spoke of Christian missions as being a failure, thinking that although, per haps, as much success as might have been anti cipated had not been realised, still what had been done was far from a failure, as Mr. James had said. (" Comparative failure.') The Rev. J. L. Parsons concurred with pre vious speakers in their expressions as to the ability shown in the paper. He believed the ventilation of the subject would be calculated to have a healthy effect upon the public mind. When talking lately with a gentleman as to raising the morally degraded, and dealing with Roman Catholicism, the gentleman turned upon him and said—" What are you doing to meet the case of the infidels ?" That was not a ques tion that came to him then for the first time, and he immediately replied that they had no bet ter weapon to meet infidelity than the Gospel. By the Gospel he took his stand, and looking abroad, be did not believe that they had anything that would meet each new phase of error but the old truth. The ministry had been charged as a class with being less sincere than men who were engaged in scientific pursuits, but it seemed to him that there was one thing that was over looked, namely, the direct operation of the Divine Spirit upon the soul of the believer, which operation was conclusive evidence to the man himself of the truth of Christianity, and yet no evidence at all to other people. The oat come of the man of advanced thought was, that he found himself just at the point where the savage stood. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Mr. Jefferis proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. James, for his interest ing paper. Mr. G. W. Cotton seconded. The Rev. C. B. Symes expressed his appre ciation of the paper. With a great deal that had been said as to the sincerity and earnestness of the Christian mind he did not agree. He believed " there is more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half your creeds," em- phasising the word " honest." Not more than one sceptic in ten was downright honest. The mind had grown weary of dealing with Chris- tian facts; and finding them out of its depth, had lent itself to materialism ; and the result was that many minds had thrown away theo- logical truth, and had said " We don't under stand these things. Let us turn away from them and dwell on them no more. We know nothing of them except the phenomena.'' Re- ferring to what previous speakers had touched upon, he said the Christians had cause of com- plaint against these men of science, because from the beginning many scientific men had endeavored to find out something which, would tell against Divine truth, and when they found out a fact which did not altogether har- monise with revelation, they flung it at the theologians, to show the falsity of their Biblical views. In reference to the question as to what should be their attitude towards each other, he would point out that all troth came from God. They, the theologians, represented one part— Scriptural truth; whilst the men of science represented the part scientific truth. Bach party could follow its own course. They need not be hostile towards each other, and he dis- agreed with the idea, that they were hostile to each other. The theologians said "We are will- ing to accept your facts,not your theories. Those facts speak with God's authority, and we bow to them, As soon as you have proved your facts we will join you cordially in believing them." He need not say to any one who had read of the progress made by science during the past 20 years that those facts were very few indeed. (Hear, hear.) Theories were spun, but they were immediately contra dicted. Fresh facts and fresh phenomena were coming under attention daily, but no sooner were they thought to be facts than they were declared to be but theories. Whilst consider ing the facts in their own departments, these men of science were frequently blind to those outside. They spoke of the forces of nature, and the way in which they acted, bat ignored the source itself; but the theologians said, "You cannot ignore the source, and that it is which leads us up to the Creator himself." Then again, these scientific men were apt to forget the facts of the human mind, the human soul. Were not the thoughts of the soul as great facts as the existence of faces or stones ? In their own inner life there were phenomena which demanded some satisfaction. The bodily appe tite might be satisfied, but the Spiritual longings were as great as the bodily. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the Church must assume a defensive attitude, and say, "When you have satisfied as as to your facts, we will review your modes of determination; but we will not accept your theories set up to-day, and knocked down to-morrow, and give up the Bible. Further, you must not ignore the great spiritual facts while you speak of the material; and while speaking of the phenomena of matter, you must not forget the phenomena of mind and soul" The Rev. James Henderson expressed his admiration of Mr. James's very able paper, and his approbation at the manner in which the subject had been handled. He was gratified that Mr. Symes had referred to the very patent fact that materialists had over- looked the mental phenomena, and that could not be regarded as a sound conclusion which was arrived at without reference to such im- portant phenomena. (Hear, hear.) He was pleased that the paper referred to matters of a practical nature. The way to deal with the evil was not to have discourses from the pulpit of a slipshod character, but sermons well and carefully prepared, and hence the necessity of a cultivated ministry. He had always contended that the Churches ought not to expect their ministers to appear so frequently before them— to attend meetings that might equally well be conducted by laymen, so that they might have more leisure for preparation for pulpit minis trations. (Sear, hear.) It would be a great step in the right direction when they could so arrange their Church organizations as to leave the minister more time than he had at present. With reference to a remark made by the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, he would go further, and ask whether a miracle was not required to produce the material of which a cell was composed. (Hear, hear.) He rejoiced that both in Great Britain and in her dependencies, there were thinkers who upheld the Christian religion, and were engaged in endeavoring to solve scientific difficulties, and giving the results of their in vestigations to the world. He believed that the materialistic theory would eventually be pro- ductive of benefit to the Church of Christ. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. S. Wayland had listened with very great pleasure to-Mr. James's paper. In his opinion the materialistic theory was only im- portant as it led to materialistic practices. If they acknowledged the spread of materialism they, as members of the Christian Church, admitted their own failure; and the want of greater success was, in his opinion, to be attri buted partly to the ministry, and partly to the people. If there was any blame, it was cer tainly to be divided between the ministry and the people. (A cheer, and hear, hear.) He was disposed to think that the monstrous doc- trines preached from some of their pulpits mili tated against the success of their ministrations, as did also the difference between the matter of their addresses, and the actualities of practical life. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried unanimously. The Rev. Mr. James briefly acknowledged the compliment. The Rev. J. Davidson said he had not [had time to prepare a paper, but he would make some remarks upon the relation of the Church to the prevalent literature of the period. It was injudicious for the Church to ignore the exis- tence of pernicious literature, when such litera ture did really exist. It was their duty to take cognisance of it, and to endeavor to counteract its influence, for the force of this description of literature would operate, whether the Church took cognizance of it or not. At one time the education of the masses was intimately con- nected with ministrations of the pulpit, but that time had passed. This work was now taken by the daily newspapers, the weeklies, and the magazine literature, which latter was the most powerful agency in the world at the present time; and this species of literature did more to form men's minds, rule their thoughts, and give character to their lives, than the influence of any pulpit ministrations. The reason of this was not far to seek. The pulpit exercised certain influences upon the spiritual and moral portions of men's nature, but its expression was limited. In the pages of the magazine, however, they found all kinds of subjects dis cussed. Admitting magazine literature to be exercising an extensive influence, the question arose, what was the duty of the Church in re lation thereto? It was conceded that their religious magazines were a failure—they were dry and uninteresting. Such magazines as Good Words and the Sunday Magazine were much more interesting than the missionary, home, and foreign records of the different Churches. It unquestionably was the duty of the Church to make more use than they hitherto had done of the influence which magazine literature possessed. In magazine literature —and apart from magazine literature—the most powerful of all writing was fiction. It was now too late for them to take their stand against novels, and say they were bad ; and indeed all fiction was not pernicious. For distilling truth into the mind fiction was the beat vehicle extant. Of this fact they had a recognition in the parables of our Saviour, and an instance in the divine allegory, "Pilgrim's Progress." As to the poetry of the present day, much of it was to be objected to on the ground of its subjectivity. There were those who came before the public professing to be exponents of the most pro found emotions of the human heart. It was a kind of morbid moral and spiritual anatomy, and is point of fact was the result of a man's analysis of his own feelings, but instead of being published as such, was given to the world as a general analysis of such emotions. Then when such poets as Swinburne and Rosetti wished to convey to the mind con ceptions that belonged to the spiritual life, to truth, to purity, and to Heaven, they drew their illustrations from carnal things, which was a heresy that could not be too much con demned. So far as the relation of the Church to such literature was concerned, he thought ministers ought to recognise its existence, and without necessarily specifying particular works, express their disapproval. The aim of poetry should be to elevate, and by poetry to bring down that which was high to a lower level was a prostitution and gross misuse of poetic power. (Hear, hear.) The Church should re cognise what ought and what ought not to be encouraged in literature, that they might en courage the one, and take steps to check the influence of the other. (Hear, hear.) Proper literature should be regarded as the handmaid of the Church. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Cotton briefly expressed his interest in and approval of Mr. Davidson's address, re marking that he wondered more attention was not paid to the poetry of the Bible. He moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Davdison. The Rev. Mr. Symes seconded. He had tho roughly enjoyed the address; but he must say that he thought the Church was availing itself of magazine literature. The Sunday Magazine, Good Words, the Quiver, Leisure Hour, Sunday at Home, Church Treasury, and Family Trea sury, were read, he thought, quite as much as Blackwood, Fraser, and McMillan ; and there never was a time when there were so many sound religious tales emanated from the Press. He did not approve of a mi nister in the pulpit referring in terms of con demnation to a particular book, because by doing so he gave it a gratuitous advertisement, and people at once began to make enquiries to see if it was procurable. (Laughter and hear, hear.) With regard to the subjectivity of poetry, he had wondered whether it was not the coun terpoise of the objectivity of scientific men; but if the subjectivity in poetry was carried too far, he could not help thinking that it would have a prejudicial operation as regarded the Church. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis, whilst warmly appre dating Mr. Davidson's paper, thought it was a matter of congratulation that the healthiest and most powerful form of Christian literature was not, or did not stand, in connection with any particular Churches. The periodicals pub lished in connection with the Churches were necessarily not so interesting as such magazines as Good Words and the Sunday Magazine, the reason being that the former were records of what had been done in the Churches. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. Lyall suggested that it would be well to have a colonial magazine pervaded by a religions spirit He believed such a thing could be produced so far as literary ability was con cerned, and he was confident such a magazine would be well supported. He thought it would have a powerful influence in extending Chris tianity and counteracting materialistic ten dencies. (Hear, hear.) The motion was earned. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis had a proposition to make. He had spoken to Mr. Davidson about it, and that gentleman agreed with him upon it. It was that next Lord's Day there should be, as far as possible, an interchange of pulpits amongst ministers. The PRESIDENT though this was a matter for private arrangement. The Rev. Mr. Jefferis would propose that next lord's Day an interchange of pulpits take place, as far as practicable. The Rev. Mr. Parsons agreed with the idea. The Rev. Mr. Symes felt a difficulty in agree ing with it—at least, 40 far as next Sunday was concerned. He thought it was a desirable thing that it should be done; bat as they knew he had not been settled in his Church long, the pulpit had been already occupied once, and it would be again next week by Mr. Clarke, from Melbourne. He therefore felt a difficulty in agreeing with the motion, although he en dorsed the principle. The PBSSIBKKT, in putting the motion, which was carried, said of course individual liberty was reserved in this matter. (Laughter.) The meeting then terminated. The Evxsnra Mmnsa was held in the Pixie-street lecture Hall, sod was largely attended. In the absence of the President (the Rev. S. Mead), who was in the country, the Rev. J. Lyall (Presbyterian) occn pied the chair. After devotional exercises, The Cbairvan having explained th?t h~ took the chair as ex-President, Mr. Mead being in the country, mentioned that, as the report would show, the operations during the past year had not been very extensive, bat still the advantages of she Alliance had been felt. Various meetings, including meetings for prayer, had been held, and the good of these had been felt Some people were inclined to doubt the efficacy of prayer, contending that God'a plans were fixed, and there was no use in asking for special blessings; bat te did not think so, believing that faithful, earnest prayer would be as effectual now as ever it was. (Hear, hear ) He alluded to the prayers which were sent ap to the Throne of God during last December, when the life of an heir to one of the brightest crowns in Europe was despaired of, and to the united -voice of the kingdom in thanksgiving when it was known that that life was oat of danger; and then said during the past year several mi nisters had passed away, including the Revs. J. Maughan, S. Keen, and William Colley, and three others more intimately con nected with the Alliance —the Revs. D. J. H. Ibbetson, G. Stonehouse, and R. Drummond. He referred in tonching language to his friendship with the three last mentioned, their sympathy wit& tbe Alliance, and strong faith in the hoar of death, and concluded by Baying that if those in Heaven were permitted to watch what was done uponearth, he was sure the spirits of their de parted brethren would bend down on them with interest, and would say as did a dear fellow worker of his, on his death-bed, "Love one another, as Christ hath loved you." (Applause.) The Rev. J. S. Wayland read the annual report, as follows :— "In presenting the annual report of tbe South Australian Evangelical Alliance, the Committee have pleasure in stating that nothing has transpired during the past year to interrupt or to threaten the unity of the Churches as represented in this Alliance. The coming j together of the various sections of the one I Church has led to the removal of prejudices, | to the formation of a higher estimate of each others'work, and an inclination to 00-operate for the general good. Whilst a closer friendship has been promoted amongst the various Churches, the distinctive work of none has been interfered with, and the zeal to evidence Christian brotherhood has in no way tended to a disregard of the prosperity of any Church. The broadest charity towards other Christians has been demonstrated to be compatible with the individuality aad independence of every Church represented. "Daring the past year three ministers, faith tul workers, who took an active part in tbe formation of this Alliance—the late Revs. R. Drummond, D. J. H. Ibbetson, and G. Stone- house, have been called to their everlasting re ward. "The last annual meetings were limited to a public meeting held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, on the Bth May, and a United Communion Service held in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church on the 10th Mar. At the annual meet ing the chair was occupied by the Rev. J. Lyall. The report was read by the Secretary, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, and the financial statement was made by D. Murray, Esq., the Treasurer. Aftflr the adoption of the report and the election of officers, the chair was vacated by the Rev. J. Lyall in favor of the Rev. S. Mead. The meeting was addressed by the Rev. J. Jefferis, on "The Christian Ministry not & Priesthood;" by the Rev. A. Scales, on "The (Ecumenical Council;" and by the Rev. J. S. Wayland, on " Christian Union." The United Communion was very successful, every seat in the Flinders- street Ohurch being occupied. The Rev. S. Mead presided, and delivered an ad dress to the Communicants. Several ministers assisted in the service, which was of a very im pressive character. j " In the month of July last your Committee : initiated a nwvement with a view of introducing j to the Parliament acme restrictive measure which should limit the number of public houses in the city, Corporate towns, and townships. Tour Committee are convinced that thhml of the abounding drunkenness is to ' be attributed in part to the many temptations I whioh are presented by the great number of i public-houses which are established in the city and other populous parts of the province. Many of these houses are of an inferior class- One of the consequences of the excessively large number of public houses is, that whilst higher class hotels are able to exist in a legiti- I mate manner, the inferior houses are necessi tated to adopt artificial and questionable means in order to secure custom. Dice, cards, dancing, and other attractions become almost indispen sable in order that rents may be paid and a living scoured. Young men are allured, and not nnfrequently, to their ruin. Money isstaked, j lost, and won. Money most be obtained. Temptations to dishonesty are presented. The tempted is ensnared. Thus does the multiplica tion of public-houses tend to the moral ruin of the young, as well as to the increase of drunken ness in our midst. Tour Committee adopted the following report:— "L We believe that the principle of Mr. Bruce's Bill, lately introduced into the British Parliament, ought at once to embodied in a Bill to be introduced into the Parliament of South Australia "2. We think such a Bill in respect to the city, and all corporate towns and townships of more than 1,000 inhabitants, should accept some such minimum ratio as one public-house to every 500 inhabitants, unless by the approval of ratepayers expressed in a vote taken by ballot a greater number be agreed to. Some similarly restrictive ratio to be adopted for country districts. "3. That present holders of licences may re tain them for a given number of years (to be named). No licence to be granted except upon the principles enunciated in the present Mi|, licences to be forfeited according to a stricter code of rules than those now obtaining. After forfeiture no renewal to be granted unless in accordance with the distinctive principle of the proposed BUL "4. All public-houses to be closed on Sundays except to bona fi le travellers. "5. That this Alliance should take some active steps in the nutter. " Tour Committee sought the co-operation of the South Australian Temperance Allianoe and of the South Australian Temperance League. Representatives of the two Temperance Societies met representatives of this Alliance, when it was ascertained that Captain Bagot had drafted a Bill in the interest of the South Australian Temperance League, embodying the principle of tbe English Fe: missive Bill. Combination seemed at once probable, but aa the South Aus tralian Temperance League, though prepared to co-operate with your Committee, were exceed ingly desirous to introduce their measures to the Legislature at the earliest possible date, your Committee deemed it advisable to take no further action until the success or otherwise of Captain Bagot's measure ahonld be determined. Hence the matter remains in abeyance. " In harmony with the course pursued by the Evangelical Alliance of Europe and 4«i"i"ti namely—that of holding special prayer meetings at the commencement of the year, the Com mittee invited the Churches to set apart Wed nesday evening, January 10, for a special prayer meeting inithe Flinders-street Baptist Church. Most of ihe Churches in the city merged their services in that of the Alliance, and notwith standing the oppressiveness of the weather, a large number of persons assembled, so that the church was nearly filled. The Rev. S. Mead presided, and the service was of a spiritually elevating character. " The quarterly prayer meetings have been moderately attended, and the monthly minu ter* 1 prayer meetings have been sustained u heretofore, and have been means of much en couragement and help. "In conclusion, your Committee trust that the Conference and other service* to be held in association with the annual meetings will yield results of a. practical aud beneficial character, tending to the prosperity of each section of the Church of Christ, and to the increase of Chris tian brotherliness." Mr. G. W. Cotton read the balance-sheet which showel the receipts to have been £26 14s. lid., and payments, £29 15s. 61, leaving a balance due to the Treasurer of £3 Oa. 7d. Amongst the payments was a do nation of £10 lOi, to the Benevolent and Strangers' Friend Society. The Rev. T. James said if there was a man in that assembly whose heart was not moved, and whose soul was not stirred by the aims, aud prospects, and achievements of this Alliance, it would be proved simply that the man's heart was dead, or nearly so, or that he had no soul, or no soul to apeak of. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He thought that if there was anything that could confidently bespoken of as most distinctly and without exception Christian, it was this AlHmn^ and, indeed, all kindred alliances. He believed there had been nothing like this in these last times, or at any time, excepting in those days when, by the simple constraint of the spirit of love that domi nated in the heart of every man aud woman, the people had all things in common, and loved one another. It would be a great shame if they as Christians were net prepared to meet on the same common platform, and the shame would be of the most crying description if they were not prepared to meet oa a platform such as the principles sad powers of the Gospel famished them. If they ooold not meet as those who drew their life from the same spirit and Saviour, and in the same way simply agreed and combined—combined also to the accom plishment of the same practical results, it said but very little indeed for their Christianity; and he thought when found doing this, even if found doing it imperfectly. <&ey; gave some evidence and some proof that they learnt of Christ who said—" For by this shall all men know ye are my disciples, for that ye love one another." (Applause.) Love taught and con strained them. He held that there were great objects to be contemplated — that there were crying demands necessitating that they should be combined, so as to direct united force against their common foes; aad that they should not cast away the strength which they had, for if they had not ttie oonosn fcrated power that unity supplied, they couldnot doallthat the Gospel promised. They could learn important lessons on this subject if their eyes were at all open, or their ears were at all attentive to the teachings of God, evidenced ia cemmon things or in general history. It was an ascertained fact that in this world there was nothing whatever that did not in some propor tion, degree, or relation, affect some other tiling, and not only some other thing, but everything else in the world ; and if this was the case in physios, so must it be in matters affecting divine life ; '.and there most be a greater degree of potency in those matters con nected with! divine life. They could say or do nothing right which would not benefit the whole concern. They were led to this conclusion i>y the history of nations. There bad been no nation that had not done its work in relation to the universal benefit. As it was to men, so it was to com munities of men. Man lived not to himself. God had given no place to a race, a oommunity, or kingdom, without seeing that it contributed its quota to the general weal. (Applause.) Take the Jewish nation, for instance. It had contributed its share by supplying all Scrip tord truth. Then came the Phoeaemans, who had contributed largely to tile knowledge of men. By their practice of commerce and ex change they enabled the supplies of nature to be equalised and disseminated throughout the races of men, including things not only of an enjoyable, but also of a beneficial nature. Then there were the Crieeks, who had become an im mortal model te all time in the proposition of ideal truth and philosophical speculation, to say nothing of the greatlessons embodied in their his tory concerning political freedom and the rights of freemen. Sextthey«ametothe?omans,'who had contributed their system of jurisprudence, which the world could not allow to perish; and in addition to this, they had bequeathed to them their great and mighty system of civili zation. (Applause.) They should always, he repeated, be prepared to help and love one another. They, should give that love heartily, and endeavor to exemplify that charity which brought them nearer to and more like God. (Applause.) He proposed the adoption of the [' report and balance-sheet The Rev. T. J. Smyth feelingly referred to [' the interest taken in this Alliance by his prede cessor, and also to the deceased gentleman's affection for the Rev. Mr. Lyall, and then said he came forward to show his practical sym pathy with the Alliance irrespective of what any man might say as to bis action. (Ap plause.) He might be laughed at and jeered atfor so doing, even as had been the case, but still he could afford to bear this, and though a deseen dantof clergymen of the Ohurehof Kngl&nd;/and thonghadhering to the principles of thatOhuroh, still he loved evangelical truth. (Applause^) Beferring to the Rev. Mr. Lyall's remarks as to prayer, he said he agreed with him, and men tioned that, whilst at the University in Dublin, he formed one of a Prayer Union then estab lished, and now numbering 300 members, which met every Friday morning to pray for the success of the Church and the advancement of missionary enterprise In conclusion, he said were he to neglect to join this Alliance, and forward its interests, he would be false to the principles he had always enunciated, and still held. He heartily seconded the motion. (Applause.) The Ceaibhas, on behalf of the Alliance, j cordially welcomed Mr. Smyth amongst them, ' and then put ' The motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. J. Colton, J.P., expressed his hearty sympathy with the aims and objeots of the Alliance, and said he believed good had been done by it, and good would also continue to be done by it He pointed out the necessity of unity in their action as Christians, and ex pressed a hope that one or two things men tioned as initiated in the report would be carried out by the Committee to be appointed ■ to act next year. The namei he proposed for this ICommittee were aa follow:—The Rev. James Jefferis, LL.B. (President), the Rev. James Henderson (Secretary), Mr. G. W. Cotton (Treasurer), the Revs. W. L. Binks, F. W. Cox, J. Goodwin, T. James, O. Lake, J. Lyall, S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., J. L. Parsons, T. J. Smyth, M.A., C. B. Symes, B.A., and Messrs. M. Goode, G. Hance, C. McEwin, J. Scott, O. Smedley, J. Smith, and W. K. Thomas. Mr. M. Goode seconded, and the motion was carried. The Chaibh&n; then vacated the chair, and made way for The Pbbsidknt, who thanked the Com mittee and the meeting for the very unanimous way in which they had elected him to the office Ihe then held. They had, he said, met for the advocacy of certain principles which they believed to lie deeply imbedded in their Chris tian life; principles which needei no defence, but only to be illustrated to carry conviction to every Christian heart. (Applause.) He did not say a word in defence of thoie principles, but when one looked abroad and took Christen dom as a whole, viewed in the light of these principles, there was much to cheer, even if the view was but confined to last year. (Hear, hear.) The desire for closer union was largely increased. There were the old German Catholics reaching across to the English Church, which in her tnrnhad spread out her hand to the Russian Church, and they saw also how the natural exclusiveness of the Church of Scotland—not the least rigid of Churches—had to a great ex tent been broken down by the introduction of ministers of the Church of England, and (coming a little nearer home) the Church of England in the neighboring colony had adopted a resolution affirming the principle of inter change of pulpits with the Presbyterian Church. The Presbyterian pulpits were, of course, the cream of all pulpits. (Laughter.) That was a laudable thing, and although they could not say the same had been done here, eiill no one could read the Bishop's Pastoral, delivered in Synod recently, without noticing a great change in His Lordship's thoughts and opinions upon this point The old idea of mere comprehension was bsing set aside, and an idea had been broached that it would be well for ministers of the Anglican Church to have a conference with the •uinis ters of other Churches, for the adoption of a closer union between them. It seemed to him that there were two modes by which their union might be iacreased and developed. They might still bold their own principles as to Church order end so on, but whilst doing this they might strive more than they did at pre sent in those great and graad principles they held a* Christians, the differences created perhaps In many instannws by accidents in the put, should be looked upon with a lew degree of interact and attachment. (Hear, heat.) He bettered a Union of that kind mi possible, and that it was necessary they ahonld broach their ideas to each other, to aae how liar those ideas really differed. However, groat their differences were, if they oamefaee to {see, and talked over the conflicting points, he believed the differences would be fonnd to be far ■mailer than they thought (Applause.) And than in the future, possibly these various or ganizations would be merged into one great Church organisation, bound together by larger and broader ties than now held them. Ho doubt many would think then ideas chimerical, but he, thank God, had a great deal of faith, and he believed those who had faith in the pos sibility of certain things, were those likely to bring them about.—(hear, hear}—and that if there wa? no possibility of meeting all Chris tian organisations, there was a way of bringing a, great many of the Churches together, (Hear, hear.) Even now, there was a bringing together of the offshoots of the Church. In the other colonies and in England, and here, unions and associations were formed, Chorees were affiliated, and so on. This ideal, howevet, would never be carried out if the spirit of proselytism were adopted. (Hear, hear.} They met as Christiana, and althongh they had differences, still he trusted they would enter their protest against that which was still, he believed, carried on to a limited extant -prosdytum. (Hear, heat) They had great issues to meet. There was pauperism and vice in all Christian societies, affording a great workfor all Christian Churches, ani it would be put to them that if they were not able to cope with these things they pro fessed to cope with, Christianity itself was a. delusion ana a snare. Therefore they should be bonded together as an alliance, not in word or form, but in thought and action. They did not think this Allianoe represented all Chris tians, or all sections of Christians, but they be lieved that it comprised a large section of those who did believe with them; and it was h:s earnest belief that during the three yens the Allianoe had been ia existence there bad been a considerable diminution in the spirit of dogmatism and separation of the Churches— (hsar, hear)—sad that much had been dona for which they had cause to thank sad bless God. (Applause.) The Rev. C. B. Symes rejoiced in the axis' tenoe of tills Affiance, and in a knowledge of Jae fact that it was not a platform union, but a real and earnest union. He had been asked to speak on the topic "The attitude ot the Church in rela'ion to matters more imme diately connected with practical life," and is commencing he would aay that never before did the Church seed more to be under the guidance of the Holy Spirit than now. They netded the power of the Holy Ghost to guide them as to what vu good and what was evil, and to give them a (pint of heroism to do the right ?nd enow the wrong. (Applause.) He wouU notice one of the things respecting which the Church was adced to pronounbe an opi nion, namely, the hannlnsranss or otherwise of certain recreations. He regretted that the Christian spirit—the Christian discerament in men had fallen so low that they were obliged to ask this question ; and be believed there was a desire to draw an unhealthy, un natural life instead of following the good instincts of their own hearts. In considering the question of the harnilnswiess or otherwise of these amusements, they should consider whether the form of amusement would Iswer their own spiritual life, and whether it carried with it any injurious tendencies towards others. A man in considering bis attendance at a theatre should sot only think of the danger to himself, but also the motal roin aod aegradatiim to many of those who performed there. (Applause.) Again, if it was true that dancing led to evil as it had done, -then **i*ithw could Chris tian parents nor the Church approve of It It was certainly neceamary that recreation should be found for the young, but the amuse ments selected should be of a healthy nature, * and not tunjHiig in any way to pendoous re* suits. There was a great deal of religiousness, he would call it, at the present day. It was acknowledged that religion was a good thing; thatitwas right to attend Church and so on; bat toagieat extent that vital point, "Yemuitbe born again," was lost sight of. Faithfulness to the troth demanded that the Christian Church should apeak mars ?™j?i?tj^ly now than ever as to the muerhxsty of being bbro again. Then there was dangerof spurious catho licity. Let their onion be baaed on Evangelical truth. He did not want to interchange pulpits with a man that did not believe in the truth, "Ye must be bom again." The spirit of lore must be manifested consistent with the love of truth. Speaking from English experience, there was great objection nowagainstthe preach ing of doctrinal truth, and it was something like the (idea, of insisting open doing -our own religion ourselves, losing eight of the atone ment altogether. (Applause.) The Phebidiht, in .reference to Mr. Symes's remarks as to the stage, avid be thought the connected therewith, did good, and he hoped the time would come when their stage would be so purged, that Christian men would be able to attend it ' ■ Mr. A. STOW made a few remarks upon the classes uninfluenced by existing Church agen cies. This question had excited attention in England, and it was found that the princmal reasons for non-attendancafon divine worship on the Sabbath, was the necessity of having that day for recreation, that the services were uninteresting, and the want of good clothes in which to attend. He thought the first would not hold good in this colony, that tile second would be to a great extent met by education, which would also give mete equality between the daises. He urged that the Church should do as much aa possible to forward the Sabbath school, and that the Christian oommunity should exert its influence to do away with the differences created between rich and poor. The Rev. Mr. Symes thought something should be done here by the Churches to reach those who failed to attend service oa Sundays. The Rev. J. Lyall agreed, suggesting a minis terial conference an the aubjeet. A vote of thanks was then accorded, the re tiring President (Rev. S. Mead), and the newly, elected President for his services that evening, and the meeting then terminated. 