Colonial Reminiscences. MATES WITH A MURDERER. " Good day, stranger !" The spoaker was a traveller liko myself, but he was on foot and I on horseback. Ho woro tho usual bushman's dress, blue shirt, mole skins, and cabbage-tree hat, and carried his swag rolled around him, bomernng-shape. It was fastened with saddle-straps, to ono of which was appended a quart pot. As we wero both going in tho samo direction, and the way was lonely, it seemed quite natural that ho should accost me, and having replied to his salutation, wo entered into conversation. In order to hear what he had to say, and to give my horse a spell, I draw rein, and brought my nag to a walk. He seemed grateful for my consideration, spoke of his weary limbs, and hard fato in being compelled to wander ovor tho country at his ago. And now taking a good look at him, I observed that ho was of short stature, had piercing black eyes, a hooked nose, matted groy hair and beard, and was dpnnlv mn.vlrod with f.hn Hnmli.-nnv. I am bat an indifferent judgo of physiog nomy, but to give an honest opinion, I must say, that on close examination, my new com panion appeared to mo to possess ono of tho most villainous countenances I had ever be held. There was something altogether repul sive in it, but time and place were hardly appropriate for commenting on the matter. So, upon further acquaintance, not liking tho looks of this disagreeable individual, I resolved to push on, and put n few milos be tween us ere nightfall. " Do you go far to-night ?" ho inquired, as I prepared for a fresh start. " To Barlow's accommodation-house !" "Barlow's! not you ! why its full thirty milo on ; 'sides your boss looks nigh knocked up, »nd there's scarce an hour to sundown. You'd best camp with me, I shantgofar, aud it'll 'spell' tho animal, und keep him fresh for to-morror." "Oh ! I thank you ; but I'll push on ; he'll do tho journey well onough ; lifty to Beventy miles a day is nothing to him ; for I pride mysolf ho's ns good a bit of stuff as there is is in this part Ho was bred on thc Lovols, and cost thirty notes ; that's a price your ' scrubbers' don't fetch every day, especially three-year-olds. My word! to seo him shape at a fence, why, ho clears it fly ing!" " Ho looks good," said tho stranger, " and no doubt gallops well. One time I was like you, young feller, fond of good horseflesh, and could ride a bit too ; but since I got old, nobody cares a curso for mo, and I have to go throngh tho country, footsore and tiret1, tramping hore and there, and can't get u job of work. Sometimes I'm nigh starve I, at otherB half dead with cold from camping out. It's nothing to a young man, but my oath, I feel it considerably. " I can't help it," I roplied, "I must push on now, as its getting dark, and I want to fotch Barlow's if possible." "Better not push your horso too much," interposed my companion, " thirty milo isn't to bo dono in a minute ; you'll have to camp afore you get there, I bet." Good bye," said I, touching my beast with tho spur. Tho old man vociferated, and shouted, asl gal med away, doubtless uttoritlf miuiv " flnlnnml IMVIIPO " mn. clem tiing my oyes and lim hs. Not for un instant did I anticipate that my tired m would be ablo to reach the accommodation-house tin night, nor iras it my intention to push tho willin animal to his utmost. My sole object was to place considerable distance between myself timi the ill-feature traveller. To speak sorieusly, I intended to camp a soon as I was fairly beyond his vicinity. A smart rido of some four miles brought mo to gentle slope on tho banks of a creek : water being her plentiful, a camp was soon formed, a short distance fror tho road. I alighted, bobbled, and turned out my hors on good feed, made a lire, boiled my quart, and partool of tea iu orthodox bushman stylo. It was summn: time, so that camping-out could do mo no barm, am rolling myself in my blankets I prepared for slumber. I bad just composed myself in mind and body, nm was thinking of my ill-looking companion left far be bind, when the crackling of branches aroused me, nw a moment after he was standing at my fireside. " Ha ! ha ! " said he, "you seo me hore, nigh ns soot as yourself, though you havo a boss to ride, tmd Tn compelled to walk. But I 'spect you found my word; c'rect ; your nag got knocked up, nu' you was forced U ' spell' till morning. I'm glad of it ono way, cos I likes comp'ny, specially this timo of year, whon I've been travelling long distances by myself ; it ofter makes mo Bhudder, thinking what I'vo gone through." If I had not relished tho stranger's company a few hours back, when well mounted ou a good road, I could hardly be expected to caro for it bore in the hush ; how ever, putting a good face on thc matter, I bade him partake of tho remnants of my supper, and make him self as comfortable as ho could. As I had nothing ,botter to do, I lay still in my blankets watching the stranger, whoso couutonanco seemed to mo, in tho glnro of tho firelight, moro Satani cal than ever. "You seem to liko that feed," I said, " don't sparc it, I can buy moro when I reach tho nccommodatiou house." " Ah ! to-morrer, I Rttpposo, you'll be thero ; what say, if wo travel together. I'm old, and can't got nlong fast, it's true j but then you might 'sist me with my swag." This flattering proposition I naturally declined, and tohltho stranger my presence was required at a distant station on tho Mtrrrumbid<rce by a carly date. He seemed to disapprove this arrangement, for bc shook his bead repeatedly, and at length having finished thc meal, unrolled his swag with a view to slumber. Tho night was far advanced ere I obtained sleep, the arrival of tho traveller at my camp having quito un settled all my plans. Tor hours I lay tossing from side to side, thinking of tho position in which I was placed, with regard to ono whose society could not be shaken off. At length I fell iuto an uneasy slumber, and dreams, in which every phase of horror prevailed were presented to view. These visions were startling, and life-like ; and in thom most prominent was my sulf coiistituted mate, tho old mau who had caused me so much anxiety. Horror succeeded horror, and I tried in vain to shako off tho nightmare, which held mo in a fiend-like grip. Presontly my eyes opened, aud I comprehended tho terrible position in which I was placed. Tho villain who had shared my hospitality, who lind that very ovenim; approached my camp with plausablo talcs, bad sought to rob, aud perhaps murder me. fain would I have sprung to my feet to cope with tho treach erous scoundrel, but I was bound, and that band and foot. During sleep bo bad taken tho precaution to secure mo wjth-oords, so thai I now lay powerless a? an infant, " So your awake, aro you," ho said, coming near, and fixing his guttering black eye on me. " My oath, mate, but I trapped you nicely, and it serves you right for refusing to let me have share of your boss. Now, I've took a fancy to the hanimal, and mean to have him, long with tho rest of your kit." Almost dumb with terror, I was imablo to utter a word in expostulation or defiance. He continued : "Yousays nothink to that, in course, nu' you'll give mo all you have if I only spares your life. I have hcarn tho samo yara aforo from others, but it don't do. Dead men tell no tales !_ Not that I mean to slit your wind pipe in an uncivil way, no fear of that ; if I murder you, I'll do it like a gentleman. Tho last cove I settled was a hawker ; he wouldn't bo still like you when tho rope was round his neck, so I just tighten'd tho noose a bit, and ho was black in tho faco in a minuto-," "Wretch!" I exclaimed, "you-." " Ah, you can speak to a cove, can yer, now," ho interrupted ; "I 'sposo it was pride made you run away from mo to-day-now we are equal. Call me a wretch, did yer. Ha ! ha ! I'm used to it. I'm worse. I'm a murderer! I'm none of your Sunday-go-to "MOEGAN KAISED HIS PIECE AND PIKED." i meeting-meally-mouthcd fellers, as purtonds to bo I saints, and isn't so ; so I confesses it to you here. I'm i nothing moro nor less, but a murderer ! Some uiur I dors for fun ; I just does it, cos it pays. Way I does is this :-When I'm on tramp, I picks up a mate, larns tho state of his purse ; if ho's well in, I just gives him an ounce of lead, or a dig of cold steel ; arter this I puts tho body into a sack ; creeks is allus handy, and in 'em I leaves them I've done for. Here's thc bag you see, ready for you; but I don't want to use it yet ; I aiut got your money." So saying, ho held up a dirty sack for my inspection. I could not reply ; in fact my tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, as he again continued : " 'Taint every day I stops yarning with a cove, when I've got all ready for work ; but somehow, I lileo you, that's why I didn't kill you outright, like that old hawker. Ho was a tough un to deal with, and it makes mo shiver sometimes when I'm camped in tho bush to seo his ghost a coming out of the creek near me. Ho used to drive a cart painted red when ho was alivo, aud after ho was put a ono side, and I'd made money out of that conveyance, hang mo if I didn't see him come d ri vii g that very cart past mo, just as natral as lifo. Lord, how I did pray ; but praying, people says, is no good for murderers. Their souls is alas in tor ment and misery, that's what makes mo so restless when I'm alone with those devils of ghosts, for I seo ghosts everywhere. Three year ago I had two mates, real tigers they were too ; ono of them was named Morgan, and from him I larnt a good bit of what I know. Afore I met him I hadn't done much bad, but a week by his side in tho bush was enough. Fust insight I had into murdering was ono night about nine o'clock. Me and another had been down to a shepherd's hut in the day, and cleared out tho rations-all thc meat in the harness cask wo took too-and was making tracks for the bush, when the shepherd ' spotted' us. We had quite a tussle for thc plunder, but my mate soon floored him with a stick, and away we went right enough. But the matter didn't end there ; that night at nine (as I said afore), while wo was cooking the grub we'd plundered, who should ride up to our camp but tho owner of tho station. What ho wautcd we ail knew, sq that afore ho could get out a word, Morgan raised his piece and fired. Horse and rider both was shot ; wo dragged 'em away into tho bush, put a few logs on 'em, and next day was twenty milo off. Luck's every think in such cases. Now, I think, you'vo had quito long enough spell ; 'sides, I am tired of waiting. Where's your money ?" Cold perspiration burst from every pore, and a shud der ran through my frame while listening to this un called-for confession. So I was to bo murdered, placed in a sack, and snugly deposited in tho creek, a spot whore nono would probably ever seek nie. Oh it was horriblo to contemplate, and I powerless to lift oven a hand in self-defence. "Look hero," said the murderer, "I can't waste time searching for your rhino, toll mo whore it is ut onco, or it will go hard with you. I'm a tough nut, though I am old !" My voico was now raised, shrieking for assistance ; I bad even cherished tho hopo that some passer-by might hear my cries. "Stop your gab," said ho, pulling tho rope sn tight that I could scaroo draw breath. Tho pressure continued, and 1 swooned awn}-. When I recovered sense, all was dark to mo, dark, wet, and cold, and a painful feeling of suiïomthv.: prevailing. Tim cnnves bag enveloped my bead, niel I hud cvidoutiy been cast into tho wahr.', and left for dead. The cord still tightly compressed my neck, ren dering breathing difficult. How I had escaped with lifo was a mystery. Several hours passed ere I comprehended fully the extent of my awful position ; but doing so, my anguish of mind was intense. My cries for assistance were but feeble, and hardly penetrated beyond tho precincts of tho bag. It was clear if relief did not soon come it would avail me nothing. Tho creek must have been 1 very shallow at the spot vvhero tho murderer bad cast in my supposed lifeless body, as tho water only came to my arm-pits. I was lying on my side, kept there by stones placed iu tho canvas to ensure its sinking. I By-and-bye there was a glimmer of light, evidently day was dawning, for through the holes in the bag wero visible the beams of tho glorious sun. Still I could hardly move, hands and feet were tied, and the cord about my neck seemed to grow tighter with my frantic struggles. God ! was I to perish thu3 ! and was a death so extremely horrible to be minc. I was gradually getting weaker, and becoming re signed to my fate. In an an hour's time all would bo over, and my place vacant in tho world. Who would care for, who mourn me ? Those who knew mo best .would probably imagino I had (liko many other travel lers) been lost in the bush ; thero would, perhaps, be a formal inquiry, which could never unravel my fate. Oh bow I cursed tho insane wretch who had..t.ried to take my life ; better indeed, thought I, that he had comploted the sanguinary task. The distaut sound of a stockwhip came like music on my ears ; it sent tho life-blood back to my heart, and made me tremble with hope and fear. Hope, that my position might be discovered ; fear, lest it should be missed. Louder and louder grew tho sounds : voicos of men and trampling of hoofs were distinctly audible, and ere long cattle rushing to the creek for water gave ovidonco by their snorting that something unusual was in sight. Down on their fleet-footed steeds came the stockmen, with a loud " halloo," to bring in tho stragglers from their herd ; stragglers who were drinking at tho very pool wherein I lay, unable to give sign of my position. Oh how I prayed just then for only one solitary word ; and yet I was dumb, unable to articulate a sound. " Hullo, Jack, what's this ?" That voice transported my soul within mo. " Why," said his mate, " it looks Uko a plant ; somebody have been puttiu' their vallibles here for safety." " My word !-." The exclamation was simultaneous from both, as exerting all my strength, a low moan came from be neath tho canvas. They lifted mo out of tho water, and with their knives cut my bonds, and divested me of my prison-bouse ; a few moments after I was at liberty, almost dead, but freo. A drop of spirits from tho stockman's flask brought me to consciousness, and enabled mo to regain strength, when the narrative of my attempted murder and suf ferings wore related. Aided by tho frieudly young men who had found me, I reached my destination safely. It is now many years since the events rocordod occur red, but they aro still vividly imprinted in memory ; tho mark of rough handling is yet on my neck, a mark I shall carry ti l my dying day. The hoary vagabond who appropriated my horse, and worldly goods, was apprehended shortly aftor ou the Victoriau frontier, and although ho hail with him no articles of my property, ho was "wanted" by the police, us one concerned in bnshranging. He was tried, fouul guilty, nnd executed, and it is to be hoped bis fate proved a warning to others not to follow similar courses. I have made immy journeys since the period of my escape from death, to various parts of the colony, but never without a good revolver ; thus prevontiug the likelihood of such events occurring, as those which happened when I was Mate« with a Murdorer. Wc perceive that thc market value of fat cuttle and sheep nt Hobart Town is steadily advancing, judging from tho prices recently quilted in tlio Mercury. Tho suventv-hcad nf lat hullneks imported hythe lust trip of thc City nf Unhurt realised .ttlUM*. per bead, or about JC3 per 'wad innre th in the current price two or three mouths ngn. Tim hlglie« turare realised wan Cl'-' IN lid, and the lowest i'12 !ns. There were 2.Î0 sheep from thu p.iddooks of .Mr. Joseph Clarke, nf Norton .Mandeville offered, and of these 103 were d'spoM-l of ¡ir. priues ranging fr.un 'JU nd tn 21s Od, and the ri-n.lining eighty-two being s'jniewbat inferior suki nt 18s to lets if J per Itc.ul. 