NEWS AND NOTES. Mr Justice Barry opened the Ballarat Circuit Court sittings at ten o’clock on Tuesday morning, and dis posed of only two cases out of the many on the list. All the prisoners were arraigned in the usual form, and the only one'who pleaded guilty was John Thompson, the_ man" who was accused of several charges of obtaining money ,under false' pretences, and of one charge of forgery. He acknowledged the lot, and was remanded for sentence. Scott, who looked well,-and was neatly attired,.pleaded “not guilty” in a loud and distinct tone of voice. The court sat; until a quarter to seven o’clock, and was adjourned to nine o'clock this morning, when the Egerton bank robbery case will come on for hearing. Many of our readers will learn with much satisfac tion that Mr John Hickman, the well-known boiler maker, of Mair street, who recently lost' his arm through an unhappy accident, is almost quite himself again.:. On. Sunday..morning he-was .removed,from the hospital to his private residence, and on Monday all his employes ceased work for the purpose of giving him quite an ovation. .Flags were hoisted all about the yard, as'well as in the neighboring factory of John Gibb and Cos., and.some libations were held out in honor of his recovery. The handsome things said on both sides left little doubt with regard to the excel lent relations which exist between the employer and the employed in this establishment. In the Lands Court, on Tuesday, before Mr Casey, Mr Appleby, of Clunes, made application for a Crown grant of some land within the boundary of the borough of Clunes, through which the pipe-track of the Clunes Water Commission passes. The case excited some in terest, as it was understood that the grant of the land through which the pipe-track goes, had been promised to be issued to the Water Commission simultaneously with those of the 42nd holders, and to this con cession the Clunes Borough Council, it was under stood, would strongly object. When the case, which was the tenth on the list, was called on, there wei-q -present the Mayor of Clunes, Mr Batson, the town-clerk, and Mr Philipps, M.L.A., acting for the borough, while for the Clunes Water Commission there appeared Mr Lalor,'chairman, and Mr Wanliss, member of the com mission, also Mr Eangtree, the engineer, Mr Wakefield, the secretary, and' Mr Macgregor, the solicitor of the commission. It appeared from the statements made that there was no objection on the part of the council to the issue of the Crown grants to Mr Appleby and the other selectors, but that , they objected strongly to any issue of Crown grants to the Water Com mission, until their demands on that body "were, complied with. On the other hand, Mr Lalor drew attention to a minute made by Mr Grant which stated that the Crown grants for the lands in question Bhould be issued simultaneously to the selectors and to the commissioners. A Bomewhat protracted discussion then ensued between the representatives of the coun cil and of "the commission; the. former insisting that the grant to the commission should not .be issued, as it would place _ it in a position to sell the works to private capitalists, thus jeopardising the rights of the people of Clunes; while'Mr Lalor and Mr Macgregor, on the other hand, pointed out that under the consti tution of tho commission there was no power to sell, except with the consent of the .Governor in Council. Mr Lalor also said that'the commission had offered the ; works to the council on condition of that body assum-. ing all the responsibilities of the commission and re paying it for its outlay; and, as chairman of the 'com mission, he begged to repeat that offer. The Presi dent, after a moßt attentive and courteous hearing of both sides, Baid that the permanent • reservation of * the pipe-track having been made,' he' was powerless to refuse tho issue of the Crown grant, even if he felt an inclination to do so; but so far as he coiud.see, he thought the commission was justly 'entitled to' the issue of the Crown grants for the' lands in question, and that if thh 'council wished to object to Such a procedure, they should have done so before the - works were_ begun by. .the Water Cpmmiaaion.. Some other details were gone into, but the President while reserving his derision, expressed his opinion strongly to tho effect that he could see no juatgrounda for the position now taken up by the council. Just as the deputation was leaving, the President intimated to Mr Appleby that ihe would order' the issue of his Crown grant. ■ Vfj- ,*r >■ The report of the board appointed to enquire into all the circumstances' connected with the recent escape of prisoners from Ballarat gaol, to determmo-whether any officer* of the'department was chargeable with 4 neglect of duty, and also whether the gaol buildings were properly constructed, has been presented to the Chief Secretary. The " substance of 'the report’ hasf already appeared in* these columns. ‘W e .may as well, however, repeat that* the' board 'are of opinion that no "blame * can "be" attached "to" any'official* connected* with the gaol;- and that had the system formerly in force, of not having the prisoners for trial* in conti guous cells and of constantly changing them from one cell to another, been continued, the escape of pri soners for trial would have been very much more difficult of execution. The board recommended, among other things, that two turnkeys be constantly employed on night duty, and that double-barrelled guns and revolvers be procured for. the use of the turnkeys, j All the recommendation^.of-the board will be'carried out. * 1 *" ■ c j : ...j. s Bather a nice and important:., point was argued during the hearing of a case in'the" Circuit Court on Tuesday. Whilst'Mr M'Dermott was cross-examining a witness, he her deposition at the police r court, with a view'of showing how it conflicted with the evidence she had just given. After having satis* fied himself with regard to'ohe matter—the question of time —he announced his intention of asking the witness further questions, in order that theymightbe contradicted . by the deposition. ,MrjAdamson'h%re demanded that the whole of the deposition should be read, and Mr M‘Dermott urged that if this were done it would completely "defeat the object he had in view. His Honor Judge Barry ruled in . favor of ,Mr Adamson, stating that the witness should be protected ;as well!as ;the prisoner, and'.that further...on in the deposition might be found some words,qualifying the expression used above. The whole of the deposition was accordingly read.. *-.- Heavy sentences ; were those which Mr Justice Barry dealt out in the Circuit Court on-Tuesday to Plunkett and Stapleton for the burglary and robbery which they-jointly committed at Mount Prospect, near Daylesford, on 31st March last. After the jury, had returned a verdict of guilty, the "associate read a fearful-string, of previous .convictions against the pri soners, and his Honor said that as . the commutation of their sentences had not tended to their reforma tion; he would take - care that''the'-public' should bo relieved; of .their society; during some -considerable time. He then sentenced Plunkett.to ten years and Stapleton to nine years’ hard labor on the roads. Neither of the prisoners, betrayed the least sign of emotion, but there was an entire absence of bounce in their demeanor. ■ Mr'Dimielow, Efrar’d street,' has for a long time past suffered,great inconvenience from the .total .ab sence of drainage in>his locality. Be j ‘it has gone to considerable expense in laying drains on his own ground in order .to carry off the surface water, though the fall of the ground to the northward is of such a character as to render this unnecessary. It is from neighboring properties to the southward and south-westward that he has to guard, and is utterly powerless. At request, we paid a vi£it to the place yesterday, and found that in order to prevent the in cursion of a large pool of offensive water, at the rear of the White Hart hotel, he had been obliged to bank up the soil immediately within his southern fence with the consolatory reflection that do what he would the water was sure to soak underneath his yard, though he might prevent it flowing over the surface. Furthermore, there is the continual over flow "in wet weather' of two or more old • cesspits, which does not add to the salubrity of the water in any weather, and keeps * up a perpetual trickle over the footpath in Errard street.; In tolerably dry weather "’this pool ‘is’ Covered* with'a nauseous green scum, and in summer it uumistakablyi stinks: It is partly covered; and its more objectionable features rendered les3 "obvious by a line of stables erected by a former occupant .of the hotel, Mr .Smith, the site however, being a surveyed way-right. It is not Mr Dimelow’s or our business to. point, out,what course should be followed in order to; bring about a solution to the difficulty.. Mr Dimelow is powerless to do any thing more than he has done to get rid of a very grave personal inconvenience, < and he very naturally thinks that the- affair . should be dealt with as.ja public nuisance; If ,it .is .left any longer in its present condition there is no knowing what serious complications may ensue as regards public health in'. the>Tocality. -We counsel the autho rities to Bee .at once to the removal of the now, useless stables, and if not the re-opening of the way-right at any rate the laying of ah .efficient, drain from Drum mond to Errard" Btreets. We' presume ’’wo need not -tell. the City Council that; if has powers to procure .the Verformance of an'aet'sd i necessary* tO' public : health so due as a relief to' a private citizen; - v - ’ • -‘ John Maxwell/one of the very,-notorious family- of that name in Ballarat-East, was apprehended lust night by the borough police for an assault on a man named James Patterson. He 'will be brought before the magistrates to-day. A Bpecial meeting of the Ballarat East Borough Council was held on Tuesday evening. Tenders were accepted for various public works in the borough, and a step was made towards settlement of the loug-stand ing question of the sum demanded by the Britannia Company to refrain from! mining upon a portion of its claim, operations upon which", it is thought, will en danger the. Town-hall and the Public Library. Patrick Leahy, a man of rowdy disposition, was ap . prehended in Ballarat East on, Tuesday, for creating a disturbance in the bar of Noonan’s hotel Leahy, whilst under the influence of drink, amused himself by throwing about the glasses in the bar, and managed to smash nine of them. To answer the charge of wilfully damaging property- he .will be brought up before the magistrates to-day. The local board of health- in the borough met on Tuesday night and dealt with various matters of routine, which are reported elsewhere. The question of the adoption of earth-closets came on for discus sion, the inspector of the Central Board of Health hav ing, advised that this course should- ,be taken. It ap pears * that notwithstanding the advantages of the system have been so often shown there are those who believe in the old system of filthy cesspits.- Coun cillor Walker characterised the earth-closet as the most absurd idea that,ever entered the mind of man, but was met by Councillors Ives and Baird, who both advocated it as the cleanliest:and best. However, a proposal to postpone the adoption of the system for a month was at last adopted.’- ' •' ; We omitted the. other day, in our notice of the Grenville Btreet works, to compliment the City Council \- on its nice sense of the respect due to oriental, rights and antipathies.'' The City Council has a big roller for pressing down newly-laid metal; but the Borough. Council has not,. or if it has, does, not use it within sight of the City frontier. When the metal was laid on the Borough half of the street the City'Council then laid down its. half and rolled it. The curious passer-by may now see half the'street rolled and half unrolled, but it is lucky -Mr W. B. Rodier is not .here, or he might get up a storm on .the subject, for; as near as we can judge . the city authorities have let their roller encroach several inches in one or two places - upon the Eastern Council's metal. As the stones cannot or do not cry out against this insidious act of violation of the anti amalgamation feelings of the East, the wrong will go absolutely unredressed unless some councillor or-bur gess of the East looks into the matter. Great credit is due to the West for restraining itself to so small an encroachment, but there is a chance,.nevertheless, for a good deal of Eastern indignation over tho inch or two'of-'bordugh metal which has been ground under the iron of the West. It i3 quite clear that amalga mation is now further off than ever. _ A’ meeting of the Ballarat Woollen Mill Demonstra tion Committee was held at the. British Queen hotel on Tuesday evening. The'meeting was attended by over sixty persons, including representatives of the majority of the trade and benefit societies, and other bodies in the district. Mr Wreford was voted to the chair. Extensive preparations were made for the ceremonial of layingthe foundation-stone of the mill on'.29th July. The order of procession ,wa3 fixed as follows:—Police; South Ward, Sebastopol, City, and Ballarat Fire Brigades; trade societies (the order to be arranged by themselves);' Good Templars, Recha bites, Sons of Tempeinnce, and other temperance bodies; German Association, St. Andrew’s Society, Hibernian Society, Ancient Order of Druids, Ancient Order of Foresters, Grand United Order of Oddfellows, Ancient Independent Order of Oddfel lows, Sebastopol,' Ballarat East, and City Councils, clergymen, directors, and members of Parliament, fol lowed by the Masonic procession, still to be arranged. Several bands will also be present. Captain J. T. ‘Sleep was appointed grand marshal of the procession, and each body is to be requested to appoint a marshal under: the direction of the grand marshal It was determined that each body should bo asked to send in to the hon, secretary the name of one member, to re present it on the platform at the evening meeting. It was also arranged that the various bodies should .be asked to fall in at one o’clock on the south side of Sturt street, between Grenville and Lydiard streets, and that the line of inaroh should be westward up one side of Sturt street as far as the City Fire Station, thence by the other side back; thence down Bridge and Main Btreets and along Humffray street to the site of the mill The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. v; ’ - In our report of the proceedings of the Ballaratshire Council J on Monday /last; 7 the report missed a slip having reference to the first order of the day oh the subject of the publicans’ license fee. ; The addendum is as follows“ It was also* determined ‘ that in the event of therie being no contest in any of the ridings, that a poll be taken ih order .to test the opinion of .the ratepayers whether.the license'should be £lO or/2251. Further, that each ratepayer exercise one voto.only :On-the occasion.” * , \ ‘ ? ■ It.is a pity "that the Telegraph is so fond of imputing, motives, because it is generally wrong. It assumes that-we are fettered in'politics, which we are not, and that we preserved silence' about' Mr Walsh’s Mining on Private Property Bill because we were loath to 'cOndetnn it; * We can'inform’ "the 'Telegraph that'the' general opinion amongst competent judges in Ballarat Is) that Mr Walsh’s bill, though verbose and badly "drawn;- couldbc-madeintoa far “better measure than the one brought in by the present Ministry, which is much disliked, as. witness tho petition of the Mining Board to the Legislative. Assembly.' We may , also point out that if .the. arbitration; clauses were added to the present bill, instead of the altogether unsuit able-provisions of-the-L'ands Compensation' Statute being dragged in," it would assume very much larger proportions.-' - Some members of the Ballarat Acclimatisation So ciety visited Kirk’s Dam a day or two ago, and netted some perch for transmission to the Yarra Yarra. \- —The- Alfred Bells are got into full swing again,-but they were a-little rowdy last night. It might have been that the apprentices were at the ropes, or the old hands had lost a little of their cunning.-; ; ;.,. . The freestone found in;: the Grampians is said to be of eplendid quality) -but the local papers want to know how it is to be turned to’good account without a railway. ■ : We have received from Mr H. Glenny, photographer, Main street, a carte-dewisite of the late Rev.. S. Rabone, general secretary of the Australasian. Wes leyan Missionary Sooiety, taken during his. late visit to Ballarat. ‘ ' John Owen and William' Brown, who .were com mitted for stealing from a dwelling near Clunes in last June, were on Tuesday acquitted, in the Circuit Court, the story of the prosecutrix‘having"been re garded by the jury as highly improbable, to say- the least of it. The men received good characters from a number of disinterested witnesses, and it transpired that their accuser had at oae time been of unsound mind. ,The committee of the.late Burrumbeet and Winder mete Ploughing Match having' a considerable balance in hand, intends next year to hold'a champion match, open to all comers. We may take the opportunity of remarking that'at the late match a* pair of' swingle .trees forming one of the prizes reported as.the gift-‘of Malcolm and Cos., were actually the gift of Mr R. Malcolm, Sturt street. It really would seem that there is no lack of em ployment for miners-in Ballarat. : Last, wpek ' we stated the fact that when the Hand and Band Com pany called for driving, tenders for £5OO or £OOO worth of work, there were only two tenders sent in, and they wern from men already working in the mine. As the company did- not- like these tenders, advertisements were again inserted in all the Ballarat journals for a week, and not a single tender was, sent Ini. ’ The’ company, therefore) had to,-put on.wages men,; and we are informed that up to the present timo the work so done has been- considerably less iu cost than-the prices tendered previously; y We have been requested to state that all County Court, summonses must be returned by to-morrow as the registrar will be compelled to attend in Clunes on Friday, and the offices will consequently be close'd l on that day. , A— In the.Creswick Warden’s Court,- on. Tuesday, in Ah Fee v Folstead and Scot, application, for. an aban doned claim, an order was granted: An old man named Hitchcock .wiis'found dead in a shallow hole in which he had been at work, on Mon day last, at White Hills, Creswick., . '.On 1 Sunday, at Clunes) collections in. aid -.of. the \- charitable institutions of the town were made'-at the Episcopalian, Wesleyan, Welsh, and Presbyterian . Churches, and the funds* of the hospital and Ladies’ Benevolent Society will benefit considerably thereby, over £32 having been collected. . ' • ' A somewhat novel case (says the Daylesford Mer cury) was heard on Monday in the Warden’s Court, Daylesford. F. Wissing applied to have a portion of the celebrated Keep-it- Dark Reef declared forfeited, -and also to be put in possession of the ground. The application was opposed,'inasmuch as it appeired that J; Finnegan had obtained a lease of the claim'on 'the Bth July. Complainant, however, - contended that' as the lease was forwarded.to the warden's office on the 12th April, and had not been taken up as required by regulation No. 28, within sixty days, Wissing, who pegged out the ground on the 4th July—-four days before the lease was executed—was entitled to be put in possession. It further transpired that on the Bth July the warden’s clerk telegraphe'd to the Mining Department that the claim had been'previously ap plied for by complainant. Mr Geake, • for the latter, remarked that the issue of .the lease under these cir cumstances to Fibuegan—who'had'immediately trans ferred his right to Mr C. F. Nicholls—proved that there wa3 backstairs influence at work under the pre sent as well as the lute political rotate) Mr Thomson, for,defendant, argued that the warden had no power to meddle with ground that had been leased. Th 6 warden agreed to state a Bpecial case for the conside ration of the Chief Court of Mines. There is cer tainly something mysterious about the issue, of the lease after the day when the regulation declared that the grant should be void, but it is not likely that the fact is attributable to any pressure which Mr Nicholls couldexert on the present Government. - The Pleasant Creek Chronicle says:—“A marriage was celebrated last week, in which tho bridegroom is four years short of his majority, while the tender bride has just turned fourteen.” j At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Early Clos ing Association, held on Tuesday evening, there not having been time to collect the tickets, the settlement of the accounts for the lecture wa3 deferred until next meeting. It was arranged that a deputation should wait on tho ; employers during the week relative.to earlier closing'on Saturdays. The secretary announced -that'the “sensational wall advertisements” would be ready on Saturday. , , r The Dendigo Advertiser of Tuesday says:—“ There are no new cases of small-pox, and the remaining pa tients at the sanatorium continue to progress towards speedy recovery. They will, if they go'on as they are doing now, be all discharged before the week is over. The policeman O’Brien, charged with permitting clothing to be taken from the sanatorium, was brought up yesterday at the City. Police-court, but the' case was dismissed, as no offence was. held to be disclosed on the face of the summons.” . There are two parties in the Geelong Town Council, and (remarks-the Age) they appear to be pretty, evenly balanced. One is in favor of opening John stone Park to the public on Sundays, while the other msists upon the gates being locked. In order to finally determine this weighty matter a rail of the whole council is to be made, when is to be settled. \- AVe take the following sporting news from Tuesday evening’s Herald: —“ The attention of tie ring this morning was directed to the entries for the Croxton Park meeting, to take place next Saturday, and the Geelong Winter Steeplechase Meeting, to come off on the 2nd proximo. The entries for the Croxton Park were quite as good as were expected, considering' the closeness of the Geelong races., The Handicap Steeple chase- at / the Park'has an excellent entry, eleven well-known and fleet jumpers being on the books. The Flying Handicap, of one mile, also has a very respectable entry of seven. The only moderate entry is the Selling Hurdle Race; for which ouly four put’ in an appearance. It is scarcely to be supposed that so soon after the entries there should be much betting, nevertheless the ball opened with an offer of 50 to 2 against naming the winners of three races, thus leaving out the selling hurdle, winch may, perhaps, be reduced to a ’moral.* The bookmakers were some what troubled about the India-rubber or hairless horse, which is entered for .the* hurdles, but we have no doubt a liberal price will be offered at the post, and'we are assured he is 'a certain starter. For the Geelong events 4 to 1 on the field is the usual offer; but the only horses backed have been the Marquis of Lome and Ingleside, both at 5 to 1. The share list of the Marquis Company is filling with a rapidity most remarkable, certainly exceeding the expectations of Mr W. C. Yuille, who has only a few shares for the j market.” : \- The trial, of Emily Bitcliell, for i infanticide,;.took place on Monday, at the Circuit Court, Sandhurst. The proceedings were evidently of iuterest, for the court was crowded. When the prisoner entered the box (says the Telegraph) her lady-like appearance se cured the sympathy of the crowd, and during the trial she appeared to evince considerable self-control, though as Bhe wore a thick veil it was not possible to read what her face may have expressed. Mr Smyth prosecuted, and tho prisoner had a watchful and elo quent defender, Mr Wrixon having been retained on her behalf.. Mr Smyth had an .unpleasant duty to perform, and more than once he intimated that he was not pushing the case against the prisoner as strongly os he might have done. Some of the wit nesses were not examined or cross-examined at any great length, with the exception of Dr Robinson, and his evidence broke down tho capital.charge, or at least assisted to do so to. such an extent that the Crown prosecutor withdrew it. There was a second count, charging the prisoner with concealing the birth, and on that the jury acquitted her without leaving the box. After Judge Williams hnd summed up,-a point was raised by Mr Wrixon os to when the prisoner first owned to having: put the child in the creek, and his Honor repeatedly, requested ; tho jury to.. ( withdraw until it was settled, but this they refused to do, and oame to a conclusion while the judge and the legal gentlemen concerned weri discussing.; There seemed to be a foregone conclusion among ‘ the "jurors, the lawyers,, the witnesses, and. the crowd, that the pri soner-should get off, and r off she got, her discharge ibeing followed.-,by a demonstrative ronnd of applause. An affecting scene took place between the accused and her father, the latter being: at the door of the dock to receive her, when she fainted in his arms, and had to "be carried out of the court. '. ' It has been very generally rumored (observes the Argus) that, in view of the early expiry of Viscount Canterbury Vperidd of''Service"US “ Governor of Vic-" toria, his Excellency had applied to the Colonial Office for an extension of his governorship for two years. We-nre-able to state; -on-nuthbrity-on-which we can- there is no: truth--whatever in. this report. Lord Canterbury has made no such application to the Colonial Secretary; and,‘as his term of office expires in the course 'of next month; he: has, already com mencetL.preparations -for his departure from ' the: colony. No communication has yet been received from, home as to his Excellency’s "successor, but in the! event of-Lord- Canterbury not' being requested to re mainjit'is regarded.in well-informed-quarters as not .improbable that Sir'Gebrge Bowen, the present Gover nor of New Zealand, will be.promoted, to the Gover norship of Victoria. : A petition..(says the Age) is. .being numerously signed at Elsternwick in favor Of a commutation of sentence on'the woman Anne Miniver. Davis, con demned" to death i for the .alleged ■ poisoning of her husband.. -There’are-two remarkable- features in con nection with this petition. . One is that it inferentially chorges-the man Street with being i;he attempted de stroyer of Davis, and the other is that the first signa ture on'the paper is that of Davis, the husband of the condemned woman. It will be remembered, that the Attorney-General .directed a nolle prosegui to be.re corded in the'case of,.Street, and .that'.the man has been set’at liberty.. The Government .have a grave duty toperformin this business, and it is to be hoped in the interests of justice that the whole of■' the evi dence will be" "traversed" to ascertain l —first, whether Davis ever took strychnine at aU, and‘if so, by whose hand it was -administered. -The Bacchus Marsh Express say3 that the station master at Little Biver is under suspension for sup posed neglect of duty. A waggon left on the shunting ,'rail on the night of Sunday, the 30th ult., had been -driven,"by the force of the wind, "on the main line, and bo obstructed and delayed, the next morning. train for Borne time. The consequence was suspension of Mr Nantes from duty. A numerously signed petition ■has been forwarded to. the .superintendent,-praying 'for the reinstatement of- Mr Nantes: A commission ,of. enquiry has been sent down, and, evidence called for. " :. - •• : . ’ The discussion on Spiritism (says the Telegraph) was continued on Monday.'in the Independent-hall, Bussell streetj Melbourne/ The hall was crowded with listeners, who by their cheers and hisse3 showed their keen interest in the progress of the discussion. Mr Blair Bad decidedly the:best of the argument, and dealt a 'fatal blow.at the-doctrines of Spiritism by quoting the contradictory dogmas of its oracles, some of which were.absurd,, and others blasphemous. Mr Tyerman, for proof of the reality of the manifestations, adduced statements of several persons, most of them from Yankee land, and claimed that in them was tes timony-strong enough to satisfy a court of law.- -Mr Blair called these Yankee ghost stories. There is’to be.a: third- discussion on Monday night next. Mr C. A/Saint," a well-known Victorian - journalist, returned from China on Monday in the ship Onward. ,Mr Saint has been, absent from this!. colony for.about six years. . ' . . : ', More'capital (says the Age) will soon be.thrown into the .open market. An arrangement it'is expected will be arrived at by which all the banking insti tutions "of the colony will , pay no more interest on fixed and after the Ist of August proximo. . ; ■The work'of correspondence, at,the office of the Board of Education (says the Age) must be reduced [very much in its proportions to what it was. - The secretary has a regular set of postal cards, Borne twenty- five in number. . ’These embrace a large variety of subjects connected with the business -of the office, viz.:;—General business,- accounts; appointments and removals of teachers, pupil teachers’ licenses, allot ments to schools, applications for aid to new schools, for building grants and salaries, and many other details-. These-cards are at present being used at the rateof about ■ 8000-in the-year, and it is estimated that their introduction ha3 " effected,a saving in the staff equivalent to the salaries of two clerks. Ever since June, 1871, these labor-saving appliances have been in use. ( Meat- preserving operations have, owing to the high price of sheep and cattle, been discontinued by the Geelong Meat-preserving Company. It is expected, however, that they will be able to re-commence in September. At Colac, for a similar reason, and the demand for the more delicate meats, the preserving,of rabbits and wild fowl has been carried on upon a large scale. Last season the enormous number of .60,000 bunnie3 were potted at the Colac meat-preserving works, and at the present time ho less than 4000 weekly are going the way of nil flesh at these works.- Mr Hodgkiuson has issued a code of regulations for the guidance of the various land officers throughout the colony. The moral of the regulations (observes the Argus) appears to be “ no arrears allowed,” and if the land officers do not do certain things within" a spe cified time they have to report to the Commissioner the reason why. The effect of the issue of these regu lations has been to flood the central Land Office, Mel bourne, with a whole host of papers which appear to haia been quietly pigeonholed waiting for a convenient season. Some of these are six months old, one from Ballarat two years and a half old, and one received from Gipps Land had reached the mature age of five years. The gentleman responsible for this delay has been asked for a small explanation. Mr Casey seems to mean work. • The report of the Diphtheria Commission was pre sented to the Chief Secretary-pn Monday. The only dissentient from its tenor was Dr Lloyd, who desired to append his reasons to the foot of the report, but Dr M’Crea declined to accept them. The report is signed by the Chief Medical Officer, as the chairman of the enquiry, Dr Reed, and Dr Giinst. A communication has been forwarded -to the Chief Secretary by Dr Lloyd, complaining of the conduct of Dr M’Crea, and enclosing the grounds of his dissent from the conclu sions arrived at by his colleagues on the commission. Some fine'specimens of breeding stock, comprising three .bulls and as many cows, arrived in port on Mon day from Liverpool, in the barque Birchgrove, and were viewed by Mr Curr, the Government inspector of sheep and cattle, who pronounced them all right. Asa matter of precaution, however (says the Argus), the animals will.be placed in quarantine, fora time at least. There has also been brought out a very hand some Shetland pony. There was a meeting of the Executive Council on Monday, but the - business generally was of a routine character. The only important item was the" appoint ment of Mr J. J. B. Bowman to act as deputy judge for the Beechworth district, while his Honor Judge Huckett is transacting the business in the Ararat and Maryborough districts sis locum.tenens for Judges Cope and Nolan. Constable Carroll, of Ashby, one of the oldest mem bers of the Geelong constabulary, after a residence of eighteen years in the same locality, where he has been always respected as a worthy citizen and an efficient member of the police force, is (observes the Qeelongi Advertise)') about to bo removed to Ballarat. Before his departure it is the intention of some of his numerous frieuds to present him with a testimonial. From Cape papers, by the barque Birchgrove, which arrived on Monday, matters at the diamond fields are represented as.becoming every day more disorderly. Robberies were frequent and daring, and calls on the Government for protection were urgently advanced. Business was said to be overdone, the briskest trade which was carried on being in guns, which realised from £6 to £7 apiece. From fifty to sixty were being sold daily, but as a parcel of 3000 was expected to arrive hourly, it wa3 believed the price would soon fall. There" was quite a rush to the quartz reefs at Elaine (Stony Rises) on. Monday (says.the Age), and a num ber of claims were pegged out on the property of Mr Hines, a platelayer,on the railway. The new ground is only about half a mile from the Elaine railway station. About forty reefers have been working there for some time; their average earnings are said to be £lo'per man. Avery promising claim was struck by Holscher and. party last Friday. Baldy and Clark a short time since shared £286, the proceeds of seven weeks’ work. : The new Mechanics’ Institute, Clunes, will be opened on. Monday, 29th July. The building, which is situ ate in Templeton street, is a handsome and commo dious structure, possessing, in addition to the reading room and-library, several class-rooms. At the rear of the building a house has been erected for the librarian. The committee purposes adding to the books already in ,tUo institute, a sub-committee, having been ap pointed, to select a number of standard works of his tory and fiction. A ball in aid of the building fund will take place this evening, at the Apollo Hall, when a large attendance is anticipated. The Magnet" troupe, management has already got hard to work at the Alfred Hall. Far up among the (gas) stars we saw a man yesterday painting newly erected apparatus for the trapeze performances, and all about the hall preparations are being made for manifold decorations. Mr Mooro i3 an artist, and from a hint or two we have had, we may assure our readers that the hall will be made very pleasant to look at, and that great care will be bestowed upon the comfort of the visitors. In ; front will be a carpeted .spaco with chairs for reserved seats.' Lottie’s walking and flying ground will be along the middle, and the full length of the body of the hall anil wiU be rows of seata. Those neTt’ik 4 P a ttch a. mdea will rank next in price to and the back ones and the gallero Ju'V* price. Saturday is the day fiS f Our advertising columns give furtut^, o^ Thd Creswick County Court will .. hcu,lr3 - The list of causes set down for to-morrow a issue. nD S will £ At three o’clock this afternoon i D.mtnock-s) hotel Sebastopol, ther'e wfluf 0 ' 3 Me of licensed victuallers arid others inteS, “ is® an opposition to the Permissive Bin W i to '"Sm other matters in connection with the t “ 4todisc > l a 