contract for the legal business of the Govern meat entered into with the Crown Solicitor s firm has disappeared, although singularly «noughnoehange is madein consequence in any of the other items for legal charges. In the second place a compromise has been come to about the Agent-General, the proposal to laise his salary to £900 having been changed into one to increase it to £800. If this officer ia really to perform emigration duties under ?the Bill about to be submitted the House may fairly assent to this modified advance. We' may remark in passing that Mr. Button ^appears of late to have retired from partici pation in those public gatherings of colonists an London at which other Agent- Generals lave figured. No hint is given in the .Estimates of intended alterations in respect to our Insolvency, Education, and Road systems, the amounts being left unchanged. In works aud buildings the changes made effect in the gross a saving of £4,100. The proposal to expend £2,150 upon improve ments at Government Farm has not been peraevered in ; but £1,000 is to be devoted to - extensions of various kinds in the Labour Prison. It is an oversight that no mention is made of a grant for con* structing further airing courts in con nection with the Lunatic Asylum. In roads, streets, and bridges' there are no retrenchments suggested, but £500 is set apart for a jetty at Port Augusta W«st, and £1,000 for urgently-required ;Vepairs upon the Glenelg Jetty. In railways' and tramways we find that the estimate of revenue has been filled in, and the amounts stated give anything but a cheering idea of the prospects of this de partment. The Port and North lines are credited with £35,000, against an expendi ture of £93,017 ; the Strathalbyn line with £2,950, against an outlay of £3,118 ; the Port Wakefield line with £2,723, against a disbursement of £3,127— a sum less by £360 than that proposed by the former Ministry. In Survey ana Crown Lands the draftsmen's department is to be strengthened by such assistance as can be obtained for £300. In Miscellaneous the only new line is for the scientific report on the mineral wealth of the Northern country. Last session the House voted £300 for the service j this session it will have the satisfaction of granting. £150 more. The provision for immigration remains untouched at £4,000. (. — ♦ ? ' Excesses on Votes for 1871.— The Sup plementary Appropriation Act of last session has reduced, but not extinguished the excesses on votes for 1871. A paper presented to the Assembly on Tuesday shows that the provision made by the Legislature for the services of the year waa exceeded by £ 10,891. This amount is chiefly composed of small items, although there are two or three of considerable magnitude. The maintenance of the department Legis lature has entailed an expenditure of £624 beyond what was anticipated, but no hint is given as to how the figures were made up. The excess on charitable institutions has been £122, on military defence £17, and. on public works £2,766. Under this latter heading we find £128 devoted to defraying the cost of the survey for an extension of the Port Wakefield Railway, and £2,074 appro priated towards the Drainage Works. This . South-Eastern undertaking is, we venture to assert, chargeable with more excesses than almost any other work taken in htnd by the State. It was begun in a haphazard way, without being made the subject of proper estimates, and it has annually swallowed up more money, than the Ministry had the temerity to ask, or the Parliament the dis position to grant. Under the heading of Tramways appears the Port Wakefield line, which has absorbed £110 more than the sum put down for keeping it in working order. The requirements of tne Treasurer for allow ances on the retirement and decease' of 1 officers, and for compensation for loss of office, have in the Appropriation Act3 for 1871 been under-estimated by £792. Mis cellaneous services contribute to the total of excess the amount of £6,375. * The Auditor General notes that of this £4,285 might reasonably have been provided for out of a vote for 'incidental and repayments,' but for some reason or other it wasn't. It will surprise the public to learn that the. expenses of the South Australian Delegates to last year's Intercolonial Conference only reached the moderate sum of £114 2s. The results of the Conference would certainly not have justified a larger outlay, but it was impossible to see that eight or nine months ago, ^^^^^^_^ Distinguished Visitor.— On Tuesday, April 9, Mr. Anthony Trollopa paid a visit te the Houses of Parliameut, and for some time watched the progress of the discussions. They were not of a character to impress him with an elevated notion of the debatmg capabilities of our legislators. , Port Wakefield Accommodation.— At the mouth of the River Wakefield there are now one Government and four private wharfs— the first, a thoroughly substantial affair. Sidelings from the Hoyle's Plains Railway run to the various large ,stores that provide accommodation for produce and imported goods, and it. is stated that the wharf space would suffice for 20 coasting vessels of £0 tons each. The late im provements made by the Government have much facilitated the operations of the steamer, . schooners, cutters, and barges that are employed in the wheat and wool trade of the port, but the residents would not object to additional expenditure there. A New Idea.— We have been told of a novel but hardly judicious experiment, tried by the employes of a well-known Adelaide firm. By general consent, fines have been for some time rigidly^ enforced upon those persons who in dulge in remarks of a profane or objectionable nature, and the proceeds go towards forming a general fund for defraying the expenses of an annual entertainment. Such a gathering took place the other night, and was pronounced a success. We, however, question the benefit of the plan, unless the involuntary contributors to the 'Blasphemy Fund' are prohibited from participating in the resulting eajoyment. An Anglican Immersion.— During a tour made by the Church of England Bishop of Goulburn the following incident occurred. We quote from the Goull/uni Herald: — 'In the afternoon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration 'by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptize them by immersion. A congrega tion being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the 'public baptism of such as are of riper years' was read by Mr. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the Bishop pronounced the words, ' I baptize theein the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' they completely immersed him in the water. Having raised him, and ' received him into, the congregation of Christ's flock/ they pursued a/sumlar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the. alternative in the rubric of the services for adult baptism— 'and then shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;' It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were some what surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The. novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep im pression, and the baptized persons were much affected,' THE LATE MR. PLATTS. — The London Shippers' Monthly Circular of February 1 has the following kindly notice, which will interest the friends of the deceased :— ' We are sorry to have to record the death of Mr. Charles Platts, on the 14th November last, at Mitcham, near Adelaide, South Australia. For over 30 years Mr. Platts carried on the trade of a book- seller in Adelaide, and from a small beginning worked up the largest business (in his trade) in the colony. Unfortunately his health failed him of late years, and owing to his inability to attend to the working of his business, he was involved in difficulties that, although friends rallied round him, no doubt indirectly hastened his death. Mr. Platts was originally an organist in one of our London Churches, and first left England for Australia in 1839.' The Bark Trade.— This traffic has in the Yafikalilla district received a damper, owing to the firing of the Joshua Bates. There are several hundreds of tons of bark ready for shipment at Normanville, but vessels are wanted to take it away. Education in New Zealand.— In Canterbury the new Education Act has come into force. It : substitutes for school fees a yearly house rate of 20s., and 5s. for each child between the ages of six and thirteen years. This is the Nelson system. The Auckland settlers will not con Bent to rate themselves for primary schools. The experiment of teaching only English in the native schools at Pakowhai, Hawke's Bay, is a great success. Turf Morality. — It is: not often that Ministers of the Crown act as Commissioners for betting men (remarks the Melbourne Age) Such, however, seems to have been, the case lately, if the statements current in sporting circles are correct. The paper then proceeds:— 'Recently a certain leviathan bookmaker asked one of the leading officials of a neighbouring colony, somewhat further from' Victoria than Tasmania, to go into the market and take all the long shots he could against Lapdog for the Sydney Gold Cup. The colonial statesman, nothing loth, undertook the commission, and what between the bookmakers and the betting shops got about £1,500 on the horse at the rate of 20 to 1. When the commission was executed it waa discovered that the horse was to be con veyed to Sydney by steamer at once. This ad vanced his price in the market something like 40 per cent. It is said that the Hon. Commis sioner, for so he must be styled, finding that he had done such a good thing, wished to keep half the bets on his own account. If he has done so he can make a good thing out of the transaction, for the horse is now quoted at 8 to 1\. The Hon. Commissioner and the horse he betted on were fellow-passengers by the same vessel to Sydney.' Speed the Plough.— A correspondent living near Ebenezer writes as follows to the Kapunda Herald:—' Sunday's rain has caused the grass to spring, and ploughs are busy in every direction. It has been a custom among the Germans when the men go to plough to have a woman to guide the horses, but when the female takes the handle she does not require any such assistance. I once asked a German why the women did more field labour than the men, besides all the household duties, and he answered, cWe cannot do the work to their satisfac tion; therefore it Is better to let them do it themselves.' But a change has come over some of the ' he - males'— they are ploughing this season without the aid of petticoats. I cannot tell the cause. It may be the late war that has put this spirit of inde pendence into them; or it may be hardtime3 have driven them to it; or they may have seen the blackfellows laughing at them; or— but never mind the cause, let us watch the effect. They are shaping almost as manly as a woman, and it is likely, if it is left entirely to them, the price of wheat may rise. The weather is beau tiful. Many of the farmers have sown small patches of barley for early green feed.' The editor adds: — 'If we had not thorough confi dence in our correspondent we should have imagined he was drawing the long bow at the expense of his Teuton neighbours, but he assures us this is not the case.' *' The Trade Between Riyerina and Sydney. — The Albury Banner of March 23 observes : — ' Some ' wagons : arrived here yesterday from Goulburn, where they loaded with Sydney drapery and boots and shoe3. Before the tariffs of this colony and Victoria were brought into opposition on the Murray by the reimpoai tion of the Border duties, it wa3 always possible to get up certain bootmakers', goods from Sydney cheaper than from Melbourne, but some of the merchants say that the difference of tariffs now gives the preference to Sydney in regard to drapery. The freight of the goods ; just arrived came to £12 per ton, including rail way rates to Goulbura; and the teamsters say they could bring up loading from Sydney to Aubury in 15 or 16 days, including railway carriage. From Melbourne the present rate of carriage for the same kind of goods is £8 per ton, and the time occupied on the road not less than 14 days. This aspect of the effect of Border duties seems to give the preference to Sydney so far as the interests of onr traders are concerned, but it must not be forgotten that the principal consideration for the district is this— how are the interests of our producers of wheat and wine affected by conflicts of rival tariffs.' The Rev. W. Taylor.— This Californian Evangelist has for some time been conducting special services in the Bombay Presidency, and has now established in the city a Methodist Episcopal Church. An address, signed by 83 persons, desired him to do this, asking that he would act as the pastor and preacher till other arrangements could be made. In his reply Mr. Taylor said*;— 'Though an ordained minister, and for many years a pastor, in the Methodist Episcopal Church of America, I have, with the concurrence of my Church, for 11 years past, wrought as a. missionary evangelist in foreign countries, amoug all denominations of Chris tians. I came to Bombay Presidency by invita tion of the American missionaries of 'the Mahratta Mission.' I had also the pleasure of giving a little help to the mission of the Free Church of Scotland. I expected by invitation of ministers here, as in other places, to assist many churches in Bombay in seeking the soul saving power of God, and in the development of a more effective working agency in their respective organizations. As you all know, we have been providentially 'brought by a way that we knew not' to a somewhat different result. A number of you will bear me witness that when at different times you spoke to me on the necessity of organizing a Methodist Church in Bombay to conserve and extend the fruits of this work of God, I advised you not to think about that, but to go on in the soul-saving work in which the Holy Spirit was using you, and that God would in due time manifest clearly the course you ought to pursue. I could not anticipate what it might be, and was fully resigned to follow wherever He might lead. Under later unmistakable indications, I how 3ee with you the guiding hand of God, by which you have been led to your present conclu sion, and I am bound by my loyalty to Christ to concur with you in this movement.' The writer then explains that he read to those desirous of founding the Church 'The General Rules of our Societies' that they might know what they were undertaking, and adds, 'So our organization has now become a matter of history. Let it be distinctly understood that we do not wish to hinder, but to help the spiritual progress of all pre-existing Churches in this great country.' After remarking ' We attach no importance to the nominal relation of an unconverted man or woman to any Church,' Mr. Taylor dwells upon what is expected from Methodists', and what he regards as their characteristics, then closes thus — 'I will make application at once for missionary pastors to be sent to assist you in your great work. I will meanti»e (D.V.) serve you to the best of my ability tiH they shall arrive, but must be allowed, as heretofore, to decline to receive any fee or re ward for my services.' The foregoing information appeared in the Bombay Ouanlian of Feb. 17, which paper also notifies, that the evaugelist would held nightly meetings in Framjee Cowasjee Institute, and would preach on Sunday in the P. & O. Company's Theatre, Mazagon. In another column it is mentioned that, along with a number of ministers and missionaries of various relisdous bodies, the Rev. Wi Taylor and Dr. Maclay, of the American Episcopal Church, bad that week attended at the laying of the corner-stone of a handsome and commo dious Baptist Chapel in Belaos-road, for the church of which the Rev. G. Edwards had for i five yean been the pastor. Our Visitob's Letters. — The East Moreton Agricultural Society's Central Committee have drawn up and dispatched a leDgthy and exhaus tive reply to Mr. Trollope's misstatements affecting Queensland in the London Daily Tele graph. The Brisbane representative of the Sydney Morning Herald writes on the subject: — ' A gentleman resident in this city received a letter from a London correspondent by last mail, saying that the good impression produced by the mineral collection forraed and arranged by Mr. Daintree had been dispelled by Mr. Trollope's assertion that 'the gold of Queens land had been exhausted,' aud that, too, at a cost far' beyond its value. The average yield of the quartz crushed so far is estimated at £10 10s. to the ton. and it is a great pity that harm should be done to the colony's interests by the ill-considered statements of flying visitors, be they whom they may. A glance at the follow figures, culled from official sources, will show that the colony has not been retrograding, as some might be led to think: — \- 1865. 1870. Population ? 87,804... 115,567 Schools ... ... ... 101 ... 173 Scholars '.,....? 9,091... 18,043 Land undercrop(acres) 14,414 ... 52,210 Ditto under cotton, do. 477 ... 14,674 Ditto under sugar, do. . 449 ... 6,341 Livestock— Horses ... 51.091 ... 83,858 1 Horned cattle 848,346... 1,076,630 Sheep -{.. 6,594,966 ... 8,163,818 Mius/m'anufacs., &c.; ... * 44 ... 472 Gold raised (value)' ... nil ... £351,412 Copper ditto, ditto ... £40,000 ... 80,795 Revenue ? 472,451 ... 743,058 Expenditure ? 469,025 ... 764,491 Imports.. ? 3,505,559 ... 1,577,339 Exports ... ... 1,153,464 ... 2,533,732 These figures will show that, notwithstanding the disastrous collapse of 1866, the colony has been steadily advancing, and when the 'Sta tistical Register' for 1871 appears the com parison will be still more favourable. The year 1865 was one of our most prosperous years on the surface. Immigration from Great Britain was fast coming in, land speculation was not at an unhealthy height, and trade generally was apparently nourishing. From the close of that year to now immigration has been a mere nothing, the land market has been stagnant, and trade has been complained of as dull; but the colony has 'suffered a recovery' to some purpose, and her present prosperity is sound instead of spurious and ephemeral.' The Cable and Trans-Australian Tele graph.— On this subject the Queensland Times writes in as querulous a spirit as the bulk of the papers in that province have hitherto done. In a late issue it says:—' The state of matters connected with what is commonly designated the ' Overland Telegraph line'— that is the South Australian — is most unsatisfactory. Instead of approaching completion it appears to be retrograding, if such a motion be possible. A month or two ago we were told that in two or three months communication with the cable at Port Darwin would be effected, and that in less than half that time a horse-express between the coast and the extremity of the land wire would be established. Now, it is said there is no chance of the work being finished in less than twelve months. In addition to this a lesson has been taught us of what the line will be continually subject to from floods, by which means communication is likely to be frequently interrupted. All this is the more provoking to the other colonies, but especially to Queensland, because our Una to Normanton has been open and working with the most perfect regularity for. the last three months, not a single hitch or interruption having once occurred. It is probable that com* biped action will, immediately be taken by Victoria and New South Wales in connection with, our Government to make the Queensland line - available, either by ' means of a cable to .Java or a land line to Port Darwin. It is very evident to all on this side of the world that the English Company made a great 'mistake when they entered into their con tract with the South Australian Government.' Somewhat differently writes the Melbeurne correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, . who says:— 'The subject of a second cable from Bangoewangi to Normanton, which is now advocated by the merchants of. Sydney and Brisbane, was briefly alluded to during the interview with the Postmaster-General, but the Government had evidently not considered the matter, and all that could be elicited was that any tangible proposal of the kind would receive due consideration at the hands of our Cabinet. I am disposed to think that there will be a reluctance to entertain this : proposal either . on the part of , the Government or of the mercantile community of this colony. It is not likely that a Company will be found willing to lay a cable from Java to Queensland without a guarantee of 'interest, and it will probably be thought scarcely fair on the part of the other colonies to pay a Company to compete with the British- Australian Company, and the South Australian Government, who have been plucky enough to carry out the work without any such guarantee. If the fears; entertained by the eastern colonies, and which. Victorian people largely share, that the per formances of the overland line will be found extremely -uncertain and unreliable, .should be actually realized, then the colonies may be forced into- some alternative scheme for securing regular communication, and the connection of Bangoewangi and Normanton' would be obviously the least expensive. ^ At present, however, there is an evident disposition \ here to give the South Australians every rea sonable opportunity of testing the capabilities of their undertaking, rash as it undoubtedly was on their part to rush into it. The Government of South Australia fully expect to receive tele grams by means of the wire and the horse express within three weeks; and if they should be so far fortunate as to have this hope realized, the intervals on the line will of course ^ be rapidly lessened and the subsequent communica tions become more and more frequent.' Baptist Church, Kapunda.— The local Herald writes :— ' We understand that a fresh arrange ment has been made by the mortgagee, Mr. G. F. Angas, with this church, bywhich its financial position is placed in a considerably improved condition. By th« former arrangement, which had been in force for three yeare, and would have expired in two years' time, Mr. Angas held a mortgage for £1,100, the interest' upon which at 8 per cent, was every half-year deducted from the principal. Upon the Church paying the remaining four half-years at once Mr. Angas gives £160, aud takes a fresh mortgage for £500 at 7 per cent, Since the beginning of the year the Church has cleared off £150 of liabilities besides. Within the last three years the liabili ties have been reduced by nearly £900. The present debt of the Church is mortgage for £500, and about £150 advanced by friends without interest.' The Victorian George Robins.— It is remarked by the Australasian that when people become tired of light writing, which is often heavy reading, they turn to the adver tising columns and refresh themselves at the pure spring of Mr. Thomas Stubbs's sparkling auction notices. He improves with age. Dilating upon the advantages of a suburban property, he says, ' The upper story is a magni ficent flat, approached by the staircase'— (a novel and interestingmethod of approach)— 'full of ventilation, and courting the privacy of and influencing the healthiness and pleasantness of every bedroom, of which there are five besides bathroom; indeed, the admirable arrangement of the various appartments underground and above is at once perceptible, illustrative of the modern style called 'domestic archi tecture;' and the whole will be sold in one lot' Ae the transition from the luxuriant play of fancy to the bald, hard fact that the rooms are not to be soli separately is somewhat abrupt, there is again a graceful lapse into the realms of fancy. ' The tints of a Raphael,' he says, ' ' would not do justice to the scene.' But Raphael couldn't hold a candle to Stubfes in a pen-and-ink sketch with a good commission looming ahead. The Rainfall. — The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hour on Tuesdav at the undermentioned places : — Mount Barker. 0*050 Port Elliot ... 0-028 Willunga ... 8-270 McGrath's Flat 0-260 Normanville ... 0*075 Robe ? 0-060* Temperance Hall, Melbourne.— This new bufldingj which Has lately been opened, is spoken of as being beautiful and commodious, It can watl,W# persons. THE PRECEDENCY BILL. Precedency redivivus ! Presumptuous South Australia is in the unfortunate position of once more disagreeing with the Secretary of State for the Colonies ' and in this case upon no less a subject than the order in which, local dignitaries are to figure upon State occasions. Truly Lord Kitn berley's estimate of the importance of this question differs widely from that of a section of our colonial politicians who, six months ago, were, deriding it as altogether beneath the notice of a Legislature. South Australia, in common with all the colonies enjoying representative institutions, has over and. over again received verbal and substantial assurances that her right of self-government in local, matters will not be interfered with; she has in the notable instance of the Deceased 'Wife's Sister Bill been placed in a position irreconcilable with the principle of uniform, legislation in social affairs throughout the British Em pire ; but these are to be the limits of 'her privileges. When the colony tries to meddle with the momentous question of precedency she has reached the point at which Earl Eimberley thinks it necessary to set down his official foot. This is the text of the despatch in which he announces the ultimate policy of the Imperial Parliament. It was on Tuesday transmitted to both Houses'' by message from the Governor. ;' ' Downing-street, February 10, 1872. 'Sir — I have to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch, No. 63 of the 27th November, enclosing copies of a Bill, No. 8, entitled ' An ?Act to provide for the Regulation of Precedency in Soutn Australia/ which you have reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure f.TheTenn. ' I have not been able to advise Her Majesty to assent to this measure. 'It has alwayB been a part of the Royal pre rogative to regulate questions of precedence, and the colony of South Australia cannot, I am confident, desire to encroach on the power which the Crown has always possessed in all parts of the Empire, and which it is for the advantage of all Her Majesty's subjects that the Queen should continue to exercise as heretofore. ' Any suggestion as to the amendment of the table of precedence in force in South Australia which may be made to Her Majesty by the Governor, with the advice of hts Executive Council, er, as I intimated to you in my despatch general of the 13th December, by address from either or both of the Houses of Parliament, will at all times be most attentively considered. ' If a resolution or address is so transmitted to me containing a detailed statement of the exact order of precedence which it is desired to establish in lieu of that subsisting, it will be examined with a disposition to accede as far as possible to the proposed alterations, and Her Majesty would be advised not to assign in future cases any specific precedence to any ecclesias tical person or minister within South. Australia, but the Queen cannot be recomaended to take away from the individuals now enjoying it such precedence as has been assigned to them in con sideration of their ecclesiastical position.— I have, &c;, ' KniBSRLEY. 'Governor the Right Hon. Sir James FerguBSon, Bart. &c.;, &c;' It is a noteworthy coincidence that this document was written on the day that the V«rdon banquet, at which Earl Kinberley took a prominent part, occurred. Fresh from the consideration of the formidable subject of precedency, His Lordship gave utterance to sentiments which have been gratefully accepted by colonists in England and in Australia as an evidence of his sound views upon colonial topics. He said— 'Wa have relinquished, wisely, and from sheer neces sity, the attempt to interfere with the local concerns of the Great Colonies. It would ,be absolutely impossible to Rovern from an office m Downing-streetthe great communities of Australia and North America, and the idea OI doing so would be the most absurd and chimerical that could enter into the mind of man Still there are important questions Which touch upon Imperial relations between a colony and the empire to be considered by the Colonial Office and the Minister who governs it ; and as long as the empire lasts the Colonial Office will never cease to have a- heavy burden of responsibility thrown upon it.' Unless we are prepared to exjpj t South Australia from the list of. great colonies, we are bound from his own, statement to suppose that the Secretary of State deem* the subject to which his despatch relates » serious one affecting Imperial relations— an item in that burden of responsibility which weighs so heavily upon him. Without wishing in the slightest degree to depreciate the importance of a question which hag already excited, and which through this lamentable issue of the appeal made to the Home authorities will, it is to be feared, continue to excite, a considerable amount of bitter feeling amongst religious bodies in the) colony, we respectfully protest against its being elevated into a position of such extra ordinary prominence. The suggestion that thf Parliament of South Australians unwit tingly sought to encroach upon the prero« gative of the Crown is inconsistent with previous despatches from the Colonial Office, and inconsistent with the conditions attached to the rules of precedency published long ago for general information. The former have given us distinctly to understand that the Imperial Government think it beneath their dignity to interfere in these matteru, and the latter recognise local usage as being a suffi. cient authority for varying the order assigned by the Queen. Under these circumstances, * can it be fairly urged that the Parliament has overstepped its powers in passing the Bill sent home for Her Majesty's approval, or been unreasonable in expecting that it would be without hesitation assented to? We have no intention at present to enter upon the general argument of the question ; but it is obvious that further action must be taken. The Legislature, in the interest of the colonies generally, cannot quietly ac* quiesce in the 'local interference' doctrine, which after a long burial has been exhumed for the protection of the imaginary rights of certain ecclesiastical personages. If the order of precedency dealt with by the Bill affected a single Imperial official, or any one entitled to special privileges by virtue of Imperial warrant, there might have been' ground for preserving it from the sacri legious touch of the local Parliament, but this is not the case. The functionaries are' such merely in a local sense. They derive their powers, and in most instances 'their; existence, from local institutions, and cannot complain of being made absolutely amenable', to local usages. Earl Kimberley hints that' if the colonists approach him in another way he will be propitious towards them, but we do not regard this as a matter for humble appeals to Downing-street, and we cannot concur in the compromise suggested ia the closing sentence of the despatch, Ib is not alone that an exception is to be made in favour of His Lordship Bishop Short; the successor to the late Bishop Shiel, who will in the natural course of events reach the colony long enough before any revised list of precedency can be adopted, would in terms - of that sentence be entitled, until his tenure of office expired, to the degree of priority, now accorded to the head of the Roman Catholic Church in the province. Thus the abolition of ecclesiastical precedency would become a thing of the very far distant future. In every point of view it is desirable that, the Legislature should again press this matter upon the attention of the Secretary of State, and to facilitate their action it would be well if all the information laid before Earl Eimberley to influence his judg ment were made public in the colony. The Northern Territory.— Thishopeful settlement is once more in the loan market. On Tuesday, April 9, the Commissioner o£ Crown Lands brought in on its account a ? Bill to borrow £25,000— a sum little more than sufficient to meet -ordinary claims up till the end of the year. In the event of the extraordinary claims made by certain land-order-holders being at once upheld by the illustrious tribunal to whose decision the question has been finally remitted, the amount will fall far short of the requirements of the case. The Government, however, have not thought it needful to guard themselves against this ? contingency. The Bill does not in its present ? form assign any particular date for the bonds, but it specifies that the interest shall be at the ? rate 01 5 per cent. At usual in Northern Territory Loan Bills, the principal and inte rest paid by South Australia are to be: debited to the account of the settlement. m The Estimates for 1871.— The Esti mates of Expenditure for 1871 have well, withstood the ordeal of a quadruple: Ministerial revision. The No. 2 Edition: was understood to differ in several particulars from No. 1, but No. 3 was a slavish copy of No. 2. and No. 4, the latest, and last, is nearly the same. There have been a few readjustments of the amounts, but the total has only been varied fromi £544,633 to £544,820— a trifling increase of £213. It is worthy of note that in the^ alterations made the tendency has for the most part been to reduce establishments, an& increase the allowance for public works. Under the heading Legislature an extra pro vision of £300 has been made for Select Committees, probably out of compliment to the distinguished body that has been lately visiting the South-East. Civil establish ments have been retrenched to tho ex tent of £950, in accomplishing which one or two nascent arrangements pro vided for in Mr. Hughes's Estimates have been upset. In the first place the £§50 which was to be the cost of the new 