A WORD .FOR U LR. WTVST. TO THE EDITOB OF TIE GIPPSLAND TIMES. SIn,-Betweon "lnurke's Ghost," " Lnctometer," " Lae," and his own roe flections-if ho ever does refleot-Mir West, manager of the Maaffra Cheese Factory, must have anything but an easy time of it. If he has any fooling at all he must be actually writhing under the many indignities heaped upon him. and nccul sations levelled against him, but I think that on the whole he is exercising a wise discretion in continuing to remain silent under the infliction. He must have realised by this time the full force of the proverb " success is everything," and in the matter of his charge against Mr Williams must now be exceedingly sorry that he ever allowed himself to he pre vailed upon to bring it, I think, how ever, that his failure to prove it hias been sufficiently atoned for. The lash has been mercilessly applied to him, much of his past lifoe has been dragged to the light of day, his reputation has been assailed by "specific charges,", his capabilities as a cheeesmaker of "vant experience" have been celled in question, and last, and " most unkindest cut" of all, doubts hare been cast upon the sincerity of Ils " professions." Flaying alive is mild torture compared with this kind of thing, and as the unfortunate wretch has not only been literally skinned, but rubbed with salt afterwnards, I vote that he now be left alone with hin miseries, or the finishing stroke given to him at once. If any of your correspon dents have ought further to bring forward by all means let them do no without delay, and not further prolong the poor man's agonies. It is mistaken mercy to treat him as " Burke's Ghost" suggests-hommopnthically.- when his complaint is one requiring tile allopathic method. I happen to be acquainted with Mr Went, and, from frequently coming in contact with him, know from what he has frequently let drop that he would much rather know the worst at once, than be comraelled to suffer slow martyrdom. I pity him, pity him sincerely, and would willingly assist in lifting him from his " bed oftorture," did Tnot feel convinced that lie regards his afflictions as sent for his good. I., lhowever, is not so much to blame as many people imagine; and. though I never heardl him say as much, I feel almost assured that in doing what he did hlie merely allowead himself to be made the tool of others, and considered that the game, if not altogether innocent, would at least be a merry one. That lihe was wrong in this I willingly admit, but knowing him as I do, I do not much wonder at it. lie is soft-soft as the very curds lie manipulatea-and having little or no mind of his own in easily worked upon by superior or craftier intelligences. In saying this I have maid enough to account for his conduct, and I would now plead that a little mercy be extended to him. Since his overthrow at thle publie meeting he is an altered being. B]efore it lha was a vivalious, lively, chatty little man; now, like Nestor of old, a smile is never by any chance seen upon his countenance. In fact, he is a living monument of sorrow, on a small scale, and even allusion to his fa vourito topie-cheeso--fails to rouse him. Sad and dejected he no loncer mounts the merry pony, but, lean of form and lame of gait he pads it wearily along on Shanks' mare. sighing at the recollection of happier davs, when he taulght fair dames the ennning art by which he has made himself famous. Alack, now, all straight hair and groans,his oncerubicund face would be a certain fortuno to an undertaker, especially in a district such as this where mutes at funerals are as rare birds as snakes in winter. Ifoping that my plea on poor W~est's behalf may save him from further homeo pathie treatment, as applied by the ' Ghost." I am, Sir, Yours, &e.;, SYMPATHY. Upper Maffra, Feb. 2. 