PIBIE-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. On Sunday last, the 13th October, the anni versary services of this Wesleyan Church were held. In the morning the Rev. J. Jefferis dis coursed from the passage " Rejoice in the Lord alway: and again I say unto you, rejoice"— Philippians iv. 4. The afternoon service was conducted by the Rev. T. James, who preached on the text "For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost"—Romans xiv. 17. At night the sermon of the Rev. W. P. Wells was based upon the words in Acts xxvi. 28-29, "Then Agrippa said unto Paul, almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian. And Paul said, 1 would to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day were both almost and ' altogether such as I am, except these bonds." The attendances throughout were very large, and the collections realized over £28. The anniversary services were continued -on Monday, 14th October, by tea and public -meetings. At the latter there was a very large attendance, and Sir George F. Verdon, late Agent-General for "Victoria, presided. The Treasurer (Mr. J. Colton) read the 21st financial report, stating that he had presented 19 out of the 21. The receipts had been £481 19s. 3d., including£10418s. Id. brought forward 'from last year, and the disbursements £428 Os. 8d., leaving <a credit balance of £5318s. 7<L; but it would, be seen that they had drawn slightly on their capital. The debt on their property was £3,547. The Chairman said that although he had. not had the privi lege of presiding on many occasions like this, having for the most part of his life spoken in Parliament rather than in Churches, he assured them that be bad very perfect sympathy with any brother in distress, especially when he was Treasurer of a Church or any other institution, who had to come forward with a balance-sheet which not only did not balance, but showed an amount on the wrong side of the account. (Hear.) He thought that was a very unfortunate state of things, and he could only, hope the Treasurer would be able to show a. better account at the next meeting, and from the attendance that night, which indicated a lively interest in the Church, he had no doubt that at the next annual meeting they would have a much better statement from their Treasurer. He need not assure them of the very great pleasure he felt in being present that night. He regarded it as a very high privilege to assist in any work so good as this, and although he felt that there was some imprudence m asking such a perfect stranger to preside, he could not refuse the request of his old friend and consti tuent, their minister, when he requested him to he present and take the chair. (Applause.) And when he considered how closely their work was allied—the work Mr. James had been doing worthily for many years—and the work he (Sir George Yerdon) had been endeavouring to do, however unworthily, there did not seem any thing strange in the presence of a politician in one of the churches—(applause)—for were they not doing the same kind of work—endeavouring to put before them the same.object? And although they might be striving by different ways to arrive at the result, it was the same result which they were trying to accomplish. It might be the province of the Minister of Stats to pro mote the Interests of the people in one way, and that of the Minister of God in another way; but they all put before them—whether they were clergymen er laymen, who werestrivingf or the interests of the people, whether their temporal or spiritual advancement—they strove by different ways to arrive at the same result. What more noble task for man than the educa tion of the people—the secular instruction of the people—for it was wisely ordained in these colonies that secular instruction and religious education should be separated—that there should be no connection between the Church and the State, and he thought that the experience in these colonies and other parts of the world would show that it was perfectly consistent with harmony between the Church and the State. He thought they could work more freely, independently, and successfully apart than united. Seeing that the State had. its part of the business which it did, and they, were doing theirs, there was after all consider, able fitness in the union of the two on occasions like that—(applause)—and in these times it was well that they should occasionally consider how great and how noble their alms and functions were. Let them give all credit, and he should be the last to take anything from it to those who worked for money and all the common objects of life; but while they did so, let them never forget that those who strove for the intellectual and spiritual advancement of men, and who shared little of the good things of the world, were leading a truly noble life—that which of all others was most to be envied. Feeling this, he could not but think , that any politician or public man must have the deepest respect for those who had devoted their lives to the spiritual welfare of the people—(Hear, hear)—and it was with this feeling, and animated by this belief, that he always knew how much was due to that particular section of the Church ably repre sented by his friend their pastor. (Applause.) ' He did not know that it was necessary that he should offer any remarks upon the financial statement, as he had no local knowledge; but be could not look around that building without remembering by whom it was chiefly founded— one who was not only, a minister here, but who was as well known in the other colonies— the Rev. Mr. Draper. (Applause.) He could not forget how much good he did in Ids time and generation, and he could not forget how nobly he died. He (Sir George Verdon) had to mourn the loss of one of his dearest Mends in the wreck of the London, and he could not remember without emotion the loss of all those people, and without at the same time bearing in mind the noble devotion of their friend and bis, and also of the other friend he had mentioned, upon that memorable occasion. If it should be in the nature of things spiritual that he could look down and see what was doing, there was consolation to them in the thought that he would rejoice in the good work that was being done ; and if it be lawful to think these things—and he humbly said it was—it was an additional inducement to them to do all they could to perfect the noble work he had com menced. (Applause.) After an earnest speech from Lieut-Commander ^Jennings, R.N., who congratulated them on the position the Methodist Church held in the colony, the Bev. John Davidson addressed the meeting, remarking that- one of the significancies of the age was the desire for mutual sympathy, mutual understanding, and possibly for mutual co operation. He dwelt in an interesting manner upon the history of the Scotch Church—the manner in which .it had been broken up, and the way in which it had been partly reunited— and stated that when he arrived here somewhat more than two years ago he felt the greatest satisfaction at the spirit of active co-opersraon which he observed. He trusted that the day was not far distant when these barriers, icy in their nature and frigid in their character, might be reduced, if not removed altogether. The Bev. W. L. Binks, who followed, looked forward to the time when there would be a happy union of all those different parties in the Methodist Church which had been separated. He believed there was a great desire between the branches in FngVnd and America to be again united, and be believed the day was not distant when the Methodists would form one Church. (Applause.) He hoped that the period would soon come; it would be for the benefit of all concerned. The usual votes of thanks were passed, the movers and seconders being the Beys, H» Mack, W. P. . Wells, T. J4mea, Capt. Bagot, jand Messrs. 31 Scott and'J. Colton. Special men tion was made of the services as organist of ;Btr, Wm. Chinner, who isabontia leave the colony for the study of his profession^ after having {pre sided at the organ for seven years. During the evening the choir gave several anthems in a style that was much admired.. The proceeds of the services were £150. 