THE CARDS SPIRIT ffALIZED, One RichaH, a soldier, attending divine serrice with the rest of his regiment in a provincial town, instead of pulling out a Bible, like his brother soldiers, to find the Parson's text- spread a pack of cards before him. This singnlar. behaviour did no&loag; pess unnoticed, both by the clergyman and flftrip.inf; nf tbn Aninnanv fvi orliinTi Via belonged^ The latter, in particular, com manded him to put up the cards ; and, on bis refusal, conducted him, after Church, before the major, to whom he preferred a formal complaint of his indecent beha viour. 4 * Well, soldier,' said the major, ? *' what excuse have you to offer for this strange behaviour ?' If you can make any apolo^ 4or -give *ne any satisfactory reason for it, 'tis well. If you cannot, assure yourself I will c-Cuse you to be fteverely punished.' ?\ 'Since yoar Honor is so good,' re plied Richard, ' as to permit me to speak for myself, may it please your Honor, I have been eight days upon the march, ''?jirifch a bare allowance of sixpence a day, which your Worship will allow, is hardly sufficient; to. mamtaiu a man iu meat, drink,' washing and other necessaries ; consequently, that he must want, from inah»';ty to buy a Bible, prayer book, of any other good book.' Oa saying this, Richard drew, out his pack of cards, and preseniloir on« of €ae aces to the major, continued as foHown : — w When. I see an a^e, may it please your Worship, it reminds me there is but one God ; and, when I look upon a .two or: a three, tfief ^mind ine of the Father.] febe Son, and the'^Holy Ghost. A four] cal1s '3 my remembrance the four Evan geVisfe, Mattbew, Mark, Lake and John; a fiv-ei -»f tAe five wise virgins, who were ordered to trim their la^jpi. There were ten it is tras ; but your Worship rnay re member that nVe were wise, and five were fbolisfat A six reminds me tban in six days Gol created heaven and earth ; a seven, fiat on the teveuth day He rested from a1! that He had made ; an eight, of the eight lighteous preserved from the Deluge, as follows; — Noah, his wife, his three gone,- and their wive*. A nine of the lepers cleansed by our Saviour. There were ten ; but only one returned to offer his tribute of thanks. A ten, of the Ten Commandmeut-.'' Sichard then took the knave, placed it beside* him, and passed on to the queen. *' This queen reminds me of theiQoeeu .of Sheha, wio came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of -Solomon; as her companion the king does of ' the great King- of Heaven and of King Gebrge the Tuird.' 'Well,' returned the major, *'you have given me a very good description of all the cirds except the knave.' 'If your Worship will not be. angry with me,' replied the soldier, u I can give yo& the same s; ti-cfac'jion oa tbat as a- J:; of the pack.' ' Go on !' eaid.the major. i 'Well,' returned the soldier, 'the greatest knave X know Is theserjeant who ] brought me here.' - I ? 'I don't know,' replied the major, I 'whether hs is the greatest knave, but If am sure he is the greater fool.' s I Richard then continued as follows : ? I '' When I coant the number of dots in a I pack, there are 365, which brings to mv I recollection the number of days tliere are I in a year. When I count how many car^s I xnere are m a pack, 1 fiijd 52, toe exact number of weeks there are in a'jnr. When I count how many trieis are won by a pack, I find 18, and so many months are there in a year; so that the pack of cards is both a Bible,a!manack, and prayer book to me.' The major called to his servants, ordflred them to entertain the soldier well, gave him a piece of money, and said he was a elew felW. 