\- ' THE SHEPHERD'S GRAVE, On a grassy bank doth tho'shophord lie, Which tho creek's dull waters lave, Whore tho gum trees nod to tho ar.uro sky, . And nought ono hoars but Uio curlews' cry— You may' mark his lonoly graro. In a distant land, loag years ago, A tender raothor smiled , O'er tho erodlo of him who sloops bolow, ' '< . .. And she often, 1 woon, would. a kiss bostovr: On tho lips of bor slumboring child, In lib-happy childhood's gladsomo day, With bor strong maluruaVJoVo, 8ho taught hira to leave hisrUploy, . Ami witli lisping tonguo a prnyor to say To that God who rules aboro. When his fathor diod, in that troublo groat, Slraturucd to her sturdy boy, fAli, littlo she dreamed of his dismal fate), Aud sho prayed that ho, in hor widowed slate, Might grow up bor hope and joy. Soon tho youth soiled ofT with a gallant band ' That braved the Atlantic storm, To soaroh for gold in a distant land, Aud the lost ho saw on his nativo strand Was his agod mother's form. With a tearful oyo and a quivering lip. She watohod tho lossoning soil, And sho longed for tho rime when that gallant t ship Would safe return from a prosperous trip With a froo and flowing goto. Even yot sho may think, that hor boy doth roam, And hor aching lioart may burn With hopes that again ho will eook his home, As eho wistfully guzes across the foam For him who will no'or return. For low and doop doth tho shepherd sleep, By tho Queensland waters lying. II(f hath laid him down in a nameless graro, Where tho ourlews shriek and tho gum trees ware, And tho southofn winda aro sighing. ' " No useless coffin enolosed his breast," J BntJho.hodyrrcold. and-sfark — - By strangers' hands was laid to rest In his narrow bod so dark, Without a mourner, unwept, unblcst, Between two shoots of bark ! And although no boll for tlto dead did toll, No kind hand closod Iiis oyo, Not a prayer was said for tho-passing soul, For olono'did tho.shophord die. ... Yot hero will repoeo his mouldering day, ' At rest 'neatli yon grassy mound, Till tho dread approaoh of that awful day, Whon our Lord shall come-in His bright array, Aud tho earth, liko wax, will melt away At tho angel's trumpet-sound. A F. What rest does for Pabtore Land,— "A field, of olover," says Nosbltt, " was divided info- two parts. Tho whole was cut at midsummer ; half wus left to grow again, aud the otlrer fed off. In Ootobor two pieces were etakod out as regularly as possible, all tho roots dug up, carefully cleaned,, and wolghod. The result was that whero tho olover had been out once and eaten ooce, there wero 25 owt. of roots per acre, and where it had been out twico thero wore 75 owt of roots per aore, boing a difference of two tons, of roots per acre"— in favour, bo it romombered, of tho land whero tho crop bad boen twice mown. Tho simple secret of this is to be found in the fact . that " overy leaflet upwards has a rootlot down wards, and if tho lcaflot bo token off tbo xqotlot will not grow." Honco it comes that pa'sturo land requires rost — " a spoil" — so that the herbago Tboy sood'leaflets upwards and its rootlets down wards, thus maintaining, nay positively augment ing, tho food-producing capabilities of tuo soil, aod hobco it comes that tbo constant nibbling of stock, and keeping tho pasture bare— apart altogether from tho substances abstracted in the shapo of bono-formiug materials, impoverishes, or at all ovonts lessens, tbo producing power of the soil. To rest pasture land, or rather to allow tho grasses and other herbs to exorciso themselves and benefit their health by growing, tho _ farm must- bo subdivided info fields, and it is for the purpose of securing tho benefits hero pointed out that we again urgo upon all who can afford it to subdivide, so as to bo Id a nosition to rest tho pasturo land.- -Age. Melting Wages. — Tho man who foolishly knocks down bis ono or two years' wages at a public-house is not so muoh an object of pity as is generally supposed,— be is very much to blame, and if one publican refuses to serve him aoother will. A case is reported by the Bonrke corres pondent of the Ifoboo Dispatchy that is BUggoetive —that of Lookor . Vincent. The plaintiff in this case fobsorves the writer) was one of the many buahmen who, when tbey receive their ohequo, lot it bo largo or small, pull np at tho- firet public, aud novor see daylight till they " bluo" the -lot. — It iB-nwaBto"6f"breaUf jgivo'" advlco to this class of men, whon tbey are " only enjoying themselves once in a way." Tboy will listen to no reason, no matter from whonce it comes»— I-am-iDelined- to-mention-this-caae-m - consequence of the vordiot that bis Hooor gave, which was almost tantamount to a verdict for the plaintiff— ho only allowing Vinoont a certain sum for tlio time Looker was there (throo wooks). Now,' it is woll known the amount a man can spend in three wooks, nfto'r living on a station' for ono or two years. Yes, aod spend overy six pence legally. I don't say that ho spends it on himself, out be makes friends with nvery one, both male and female, and the best in tbo houre is called and paid for. That is what Mr. Looker did, nnd when ho finds (to use a colonial pbrato) "a cramp in his kiok/'ne then soes what a foul he has boon, loaves tho public, nnd, meeting with some bush lawyer, is auvlsed to bavo a " go la" for his cheque agaiurwhlch ho accordingly does, — and receives a verdict. Ghosts on tiie Road.— Tho following story is related in the Bay Standard t Aa Mr. Donoboo'a mail coaob was lately passing Beabala Point, between - Hay -and-Waggfli-a- voice-was-heard — eryiug 11 Illo hie I" Young Donohoe stopped the coacb, turned tbo lamps round, cooyed, looked . about for half on hour, but could aee nothing. This would not bavo been noticed bat for the fact that a stockman was mardored by a ehopbord at tho Point somo twenty yoars ago ; aod our. informant states that Mr rotor Halblsh, tho former mall contractor, two years ago, Baw tbo form of a man clinging to his coach wheels, and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle, at ono tirao saw tho figure of a raau, which he bailed, but tho phantom retreated towards ihe river and disappeared. . 