THE HAUNTED ROOM. "My sisler -wrote me that she had taken a house for the summer, ' a queer old- fashioned house,' away 'down on the lonely Georgian coast, where the children would have the; benefit of the sea breeze and the surf bathing prescribed lor tliem after a sickly spring season. And she urged, me to come and join them in their new abode. Queer and old fashioned indeed I found ; it—a jumble 6f brick and "stone, and timber, each room of which had the appearance of having IJcen built separately, by successive owners, with regard only to personal convenience, and in open defiance of all architectural rules. Yet I liked this very irregularity and the odd nooks and corners which were for ever unexpectedly 'turningup' in the most improbable places. The halls were large and airy, and the rooms abundantly.supplied with closets, windows, and doors—the latter, for tire most part, opening upon broad piazzas, or queer little porches stuck here and there like execrsccnces upon the walls. Very cold and bleak in winter, po doubt; but for a summer residence, delightful. At the hack of.the main building projected -a sort of Ion?? and narrow wooden gallery, consisting of a row of three or four .small rooms— last used, it appeared, as store-rooms for grain and vegetables—all opening upon a covered passage way connecting with a brick office which had formerly stood separate from the house. These rooms and the office were unused by the family ; for jhe gallery was not, in very good repair, and the office-room, as it was called, was quite too remote to be desirable; besides, there was plenty of room in the main building. Yet the first time I visited this little brick office it at once took my fancy. It was a goodsized, comlortable room, with a fireplace on one side . and queer little triangular closet, or cupboard, in a corner, bearing the marks of books and ink stains on its shelves. There was a door opening Into the gallery, and another upon a quiet and secluded corner of the garden, out of sight of the house ; and the two windows, one looking towards the sea and the other over th'e large grassy backyard, were shaded from the sun by vines and the long drooping branches of a weeping willow, which cast green shadows and breathed fresh odours throughout the apartment The very place, I thought, for a study ; a charming nook in which to lie reading some in teresting volume by day, or quietly dreaming by night, away from tht». noise of the children and the screaming of the baby ; so I at once chose Ihis little room for my own—bedroom and study in one—and, after giving it a thorough purification and airing, took possession. It proved quite as pleasant as I had anticipated. Here, awakening in the morning, t would open the windows and let in the fresh sea breeze, with the fragrance of the dewy vine leaves that clustered on the walls without; here, in the sultry noontide, I dozed or dreamed away the hours, lying tipbn'the lounge near the window, and glancing from the book in my hand upward into the deep, cool recesses ojf the willow branches above : and, when "evening came, I would sit in my little garden door, looking upon the neglected wilderness tf bowery shrtibs and dewy flowers, and rejoice in the quiet and ^eclusioti which I loved so tnuch Thus I Was sitting, about twilight, a few days after I had moved into my «ttle hermitage, as I called it. The air was very still; scarcely a rustle Disturbed the branches of the willow, and the surf rippling on the beach made but a low murmur. Suddenly, in the midst of this silence, I became aware of a strange sound near me— a faint, uncertain "Sound, like the. whispering of voices and rustling of garments. Fancying that my sister or the children had playfully stolen upon me in my abstraction, I looked around ; but, to my surprise, there was no oiie visible. It nrust have been a fancy, of course, I thought, and turned once more to my book ; but hardly had I done so when again I heard the rustling of drapery, "arid what sounded like a footfall on .the floor. I was startled, and sat breathless, starina: around and listening. Once or twice it was repeated, and then all was still as before. In order that my story may be fully comprehended and credited, I must "inform the reader that I was at. this time a woman of four-and-twenty, had never in my life beenlll or liervoos, was the farthest possible from being superstitiousl'y inclined, and had been accustomed to regard with ridicule all stories "concerning ghosts, goblins, and other so-called spiritual manifestations. Siich being "the case, it is not to be supposed thai the circumstance just narrated should have made any deep or lasting impression on me. On the contrary, though regarding it as certainly singular, I set it down as one of tfybsc'odcl and fleeting fancies which do sometimes puzzle and bewilder even the most rational, artd, as stich, 'thought no more of it at the time. But on the following day, and again on the next, ; he mysterious sounds which I have described were repeated. It was exactly as though some person 'or persons were occupying the room with me—moving with soft footsteps ana speaking in low whispers, as if unwilling to be heard. Once ii seemed as 'though so me small article were dropped upon the floor, with a metalic sound dulled by a carpet, though there was none in the room; and then t distinguished a grating noi e, as if a key turned in a lock : alter which, for the refet of the day, all was quiet. [ said nothing to anyone about these noises; though by this time, 1 was almost convinced that they were not the 'effects of my imagination. I yet decided to wait, to watch for their recurrence, and to be thoroughly convinced of their real existence belbre exposing myself to laughter and ridicule by relating so improbable a story. It was not long that I kept in suspense. A day or two after, about four o'clock in the afternoon—a most unghost-Iifee hour—I was reclining on my lounge between the door and the window, reading 'The Woman' in White,' then just out. Suddenly, as I turned a leaf, I heard a faint crating sound, as of a key, just behind me, and then a voice, speaking in a low, in distinct murmur, inexpressibly hollow and sepulchral I did not stir. I arrested the hand which was about to turn the page, and, holding my breath, listened \Vith deliberate eagerness- I would now be certain that this was no fancy playing me fantastic tricks. For an instant only came the indistinct murmur, and then a silence. The sunlight was streaming down in slender, grtlden threads through the gentle swaying branches of the willows; out on the lawn I saw the gardener at work, and on the beach heard the merry voices of the children ; f felt courageoiiS. Rising, I searched around tlie room, under the bed and lounge, and in the triangular cupboard in the corner—the only places where a person could be concealed. Not a living thing was to be seen, and I was about closing the closet goor when I heard distinctly a low, faint laugh, close in my ear, and then a moaning sigh or groan, which seemed to die away into iufinite distance. I confess that at this instant my nerves did (ail me, and I very hastily closed the closetdoor. and without waiting even to snatfcb.up my. book,, ran along^he gallery to the other part of the house. Should I telj my sister and brother-inlaw ? No ; I still shrank from the thought of their laughter. Should I return to the r<,<>m which appeared haunted by some invisible presence, and sleep t here again alone ^ 1 must tonfess that I did not like the idea ; yet what wood reason could I give for so suddenly changing my apartment? Finally—and the reader will credit me with fhe possession of almost more than fenijnine courage in so doing—I resolved to keep silence for the pre sent, and spend the night, as usual, in my little office room. The first few hotlrs passed away quietly, and I was just fulling into a doze, when I was aroused by the door of the corner closet slowly creaking. A faint moonlight illumined the room sufficiently to enable me to perceive that this door stood ajar, though 1 distinctly recollected having closed it before retiring. It had neither lock nor bolt by which it could be secured. I sat up in bed, watching the closet and looking half fearfully around the room $ and as I looked, with my eyes fixed upon the half-closed door, I heard within a jingle of glasses and phials. It was sound not to be mistaken, and almost at the same irist&nt; a voice said near me, in a hoarse whisper ; " Bring a light .'" I started up, trembling and, with a cold prespiration breaking out oh my forehead, reached (of a match and the lamp and, tried to .strike a light, but all in vain. I had but one or two matches felt, and, as I dropped the last in despair, I heard the voice which had before spoken Say^ slowly and distinctly': " Poisoni" My first impulse now was to flee from this haunted room ; but, as I arose for that purpose, a feeling such as I had never beloi'6 known—a feeling ol superstitious f6 »r and horror—overcame nie, and, had my life depended upon it, I could not have passed that closet and sped through that, long deserted gallery alone, f sank back upon my pillow and drew the sheets about my head, and remained thus u-itil daybieak. It was now no longer a question with me as to whether I should or should not inform my relatives of what had occurred- I told them the whole, and, as i iexpected, w&s; met with laughter and badinage. ' Try it yourself!' was all I could say in answer ; and on that night ray brother-in-law, Mr Walton, agreed to occupy the office room, I remaining with nly sister. ' Well. Richard, did you see or hear anything of Louisa's ghost !' inquired my sister playfully, on our meeting at the breaklast table in the morning. ' I saw nothing.' he answered rather thoughtfully. ' But really, Emma, it did appear as though, more than once during the night, I heard some unaccountable sounds—the turning of a key in a lock ; a s6rt of moaning and sobbi ng child's voice ; and very distinctly the shutting ol a small door. And thislast soundheaddeddecidedly 1 certainly came from the closet or cupboard in the corner of the room.' Emma, opened her eyes aud looked frightened. ' Good gracious, Richard ! yoa don't really think that you heard these sounds in that room, with no one there but yourself?' c It is very unaccountable at present, I admit ; hut you know that I d,o not believe in the supernatural. We must examine more fully into this matter.' For some daj s he kept sole possession ol the room, reporting once or twine that he had again heard the mysterious noises, and especially the grating of a rusty key, as in the lock of the corner cupboard, was very distinctly audible. Three times, he said lie had heard this sound, and yet, as we all knew, there was neither lock nor key to the closet door, only traces of one that had been there. He had examined all the doors and window*^ had searched the whole room minutely, but without discovering the slightest clue to the mystery. There wasiioroom adjoining, no cellar below or garret above whence the sounds could have proceeded, and the whole thing was most singular and unaccountable. And once he even hesitatingly suggested, could it be possible, alter all, that there were in rcalitv such things as spiritual manifestations ? My own mind echoed the inquiry. Our nearest neighbour was a farmer, who lived about a mile distant, aud of himself and his wife we made inquiries in regard to the former occupant of the house. It had for twenty years within his memory, Mr Grover said, belonged to a small planter, an illiterate but good sort of man, who had finally sold out in lots and purchased a better place farther south. (To be concluded in our next-) 