THE EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. To the Editor of the Evening News, oib, — aiinougn an elector lor aast Sydney, 1 certaiuly did not intend to interfere, directly or indirectly, in the present election, had not Mr. Farkes, in each of his electioneering speeches, done me the honour of dis tinguishing me by making me a target for attack. Mr Parkes, I am told, asked exultingly, yesterday, on the hustings, after the nominations were completed, why I had not obtained my nominatioB to oppose Iiti^ ? The fact [of my having abstained from taking any part in the election, on either side, would seem to have rendered the question unnecessary, even if the circum stance of my being one of the members for West Sydney had not suggested a satisfactory answer ? But suppose for a moment it be assumed that Mr. Parkea really thought I could, under any circumstances, put such an affront on West Sydney as to resign my seat for that electorate, and offer myself for Eait Sydney, may I not ask wbjr it did not suggest itself to Mr. Parkes to broach the subject before the nominations were ovor, and not after, when, of course, it was too late for me to enter the lists P., So little interest did I take in tho deliverances of Mr. Parkes, having had ample experience of his utter un scrupulousneBS with regard to the assertions and pro mises he makes on such occasions, that I should not iiuvu ^itvu uis D^ieecutta i-iie dukuwsIi tuougnt naa 1 not been informed of his bunkum inquiries as to why I was not a candidate. Having thus had my attention called to them, I was much amused to find Mr. Parkes boast ing that ' while other men who had been called on in turn by her Majesty's representatives to advise on the formation of a Government, he alone had been able to surruand himself with old political associates, that had worked together, and with him, in all the great poli tical struggles that had occurred during his colonial life I Here was for once a Government of one mind,' &c.;, &e.; I am not of course quoting the exact words of Mr. Parkes. There was far too much of it for that, and his words of bunkum were too tall, far too tall, for me to handle satisfactorily in the way of condensation; but I believe it will be admitted, that I have correctly given what the whole conveyed. Not satisfied with the bombast of these general plum ings, Mr. Parkes goes on to particularise. Mr. Piddington gets credit for twouty-five years as sociation of this kind ! Mr. ParVes, in the same speech, boasts of liaying supported the Electoral Act of 1858, with aU its liberal provisions, and especially those rela ting to manhood suff rage and vote by ballot. But did Mi1. Piddington vote for those reforms P Mr. Butter is put down for eighteen years. But wae Mr. Butler associated with Mr. Parkes by way even of approval of his un-English and dastardly conduct in cross-examining a prisoner while awaiting in gaol, trial on a capital charge, and, without letting that prisoner know it, placing a shorthand writer behind the door, to take down his carelessly-spoken words. Was Mr. Butler associated with Sir. Parkes in his outrageous conduct to Father Dillon ? Or was ho a party to tho Kiama Ghost falsehoods p &c.;, &., Sx. Mr. Samuel, whom every one respects, next comes in for mention, but his name was dropped as if it had been spoken inadvertently, or, at least, improvidently ; for even Mr. Parkes was not hardy enough to claim long association, or even any association at all, with him. Mr. SuUierland is ;;ext honoured by Air. Parkes' notice, and a more worthy man than Mr. Sutherland does not exist. But if the manner in which Mr. Parkes dealt with Mr. Sutherland, throughout the whole time Mr. Sutherland was in office, and even np almost to the present time, is the manner in which Mr. Parkes deals with ' highly esteemed life-long associates,' it should be a caution to new acquaintances to break off while his acquaintance is yet young. Mr. Farnell is noticed as another of the eightecn years' associates in all great political struggles in which Mr. Parkes has taken part. In another part of the same speech Mr. Parkes boasts of having 'supported Mr. Bobertson's Land Acts.' But did not Mr. Farnell lose his scat for Parramatta for his opposition to those Acts ? Mr. George A . Lloyd ! Well, this gentleman, though introduced with very tall surronudings, has nothing very decided said of him in the way of long association. Yet such association is almost implied. Surely aU the time Mr. Parkes has been airing his patriotism ho has not been engaged in clever manoeuvres in the flour market? Mr. Inncs is next introduced, but with nothing more than 'honourable mention.' I hope he feels nattered! It would have Baved me the trouble of writing this letter, aud of putting myself under the obligation to you of asking for its publication, if Mr. Parkes had gone on with his Cabinet-making, and with his Ministerial election, aud left me alone No one expected Mr. Parkes to form a Government without discordant ele ments. No one expected Mr. Parkcs to form a better Government than he has formed (the wonder is that it is not worse). And no one can fail to perceive that, in parading his defence of his colleagnes, his object is I to divert attention from his own defects. Whatever | faults the worst of his colleagues may have, Mr. Farkes may rely upon it, that history will declare Henry Porkos the most objectionable of tbc team. Your obedient servant, JOHN ROBERTSON. Clovelly, 21st May. A Lunatic at Large. — A. few days since Mr. Donnelly, oT Beramhnla, came across n miserable crea ture in the bush upon Iue run in n state of almost perfect nudity, and, for the time at l&ist;, but too evidently a lunatic. Mr. Donnelly at once secured him, and took him to the hut of a splitter, where he was clothed and looked after, and, the police having been communicated with, he was brought into Wagca by coach in charge of a constable, and admitted to the hospital. His name ia Robert Thompson, and lie has but re cently left the Liverpool asylum, where he had been for some time in confinement, as according to his own acoount in his more rational moments, ho also has been in several other asylums. lie states that he was on his way overland to Adelaide, but lost himself in some scrub near Tarcutta, and was ont in the bush two days and nights, He also states that his brother was formerly the owner of tile Park Hill Station, near Hamilton, in the colony of Victoria. Since the admission to the hospital he has at times been very violent, and has consequently, been a 'source of great annov« anoe to the other patients.— Wagga TTajyo Erprca. 