OTE COMING COMET. (From the Saturday JSeview.) NSBTOUS people, as it is creditably stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards us with amazing rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviate as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway Bteed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good natured astronomers have taken pains to ' explain that there is no such comet coming; that if it wereicoming, it would be a very welcome visitor; and that hare already passed through a comet; and found it less obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have thej not in their boyhood —for even astronomers have been boys— snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers "With "which a c lildiBh imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world P Would anybody willingly give up that delicious Feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terroY of early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? A^troDomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood, The-^ittge ^iery-«iDiwter plunging through the sky with a death-dealing tail has beeu weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a mathematical hook put in his jaws, tili his impressivenesB has departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a gramnivorouis nature. Even so the comet has been lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigsra. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure UB that, some time or other, the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, hie fellow philosophers found fault with some of his details, for scieuce is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period " dally with false surmiseand return to the eimple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we Bhall be able, without the help of telescopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, aud fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at firat, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vibion, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with tbe fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself: The temperature will rise first to be tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time dur. ing which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace, compared with which .the speed of a cannon-ball is &liBoliltely; rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not have time even for an ejaculation, The pretty race of insects that crawls amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. On the other side of the world we Bhall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. We shall see the mountains without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust, to indulge in an bumble simile, is knocked off tbe under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper nurface. For an instantwe shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it—so we shall remember on the faith of a president rf the British Associationr-some minute germs to he planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endleBS process of evolution which will have pome to.BO summary a conclusion liere. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in hit fiery tail, which will turn oceans into streams, dissipate the internal ice of the poles, and flinge the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but • vast surface of grey ashes, gradually W be converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas! we canuot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the luperintendence of Dr Gumming, tnijpbft possibly be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world, iiut nature is not prodigal, she only gives one such, mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture, which our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe ooald be really prelie ed on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice thi 8 last condition, for it is highly probable that we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist jupon ourprpphets prophesying smooth things even if they,had to twist a few lawB of nature ior the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were all really convinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would be sum- marily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect of ;our minds P The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that ; we should be reduced to the state of the city demoralised by a plague. Persons of a strong religious feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeavour to awaken the consciences of the sinnere around them ; whilst the Binners would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there waB no use of keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest; but the question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be "carried on by simple vis inertise in*our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel that if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth whilo to give up the old employment which have become necessary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted on taking his accustomed pill an hour before he was hanged; and, if we were all under sentence of execution—as indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet—it is, peihaps, reasonable to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, " It's all very well; we shall not want anything more after the I2th August'; hut that-is no reason why- we should not have our regular meals aud enjoy our newspapers at breakfast." " MA, lias your tongue got legs ?"—" Got what, child?"—"Got legs, ma."—" Certainly not. But why do you ask that eilly question ?"—" Oh, nothing} Only I heard pa say your tongue run from morning to night, aud I was wondering how it could ruu without leg*, that's all, ina!" 