The Dead Sexton, [CONCIiTJDED.l It was about 8 o'clock, and the hostler, standing alone on the road in front of the open door of the George and Dragon, had just smoked his pipe out. A bright moon hung in the frosty sky. The fells rose from the opposite edge of the lake like phantom mountains. The air was stirless. Through the hmiP-hK and snravs of the leafless elms no sish or motion, however hushed, was audible. Not a ripple glimmered on the bike, which, at one point only, re flected the brilliant moon from its dark blue expanse like burnished steel. rfThe road that runs by the inn door, along the margin of the lake shone dazzlingly white. White as ghosts, among the dark holly and juniper, stood the tall piers of the Vicar's gate, with their great stone balls, like heads, overlooking the same road, a few hundred yards up the lake, to the left. The early little town of Golden Friars was quiet by this time. Except for the townsfolk who were now collected in the kitchen of the inn itself, no inhabi tant was now outside his own threshold. Tom Scales was thinking of turning in. He was beginning to feel a little queer. He was thinking of the 6exton ; and could not get the fixed features of the dead man out of his head, when he heard the sharp though distant ring of a horse's hoof upon the frozen road. Tom's instinct apprized him of the approach of a guest to the George and Dragon. His experienced ear told him that the horseman was ap proaching by the Dardale Road, which, after crossing that wide and dismal moss, passes the southern fells by Dunner Cleugh, and finally enters the town of Golden Friars by joining the Mardykes Road, at the edge of the lake, close to the gate of the Vicar's house. A clump of tall trees stood at this point ; but the moon shone full upon the road and cast their shadow backward. The hoofs were plainly coming at a gallop, with a hollow rattle. The horseman was a long time in appearing. Tom wondered how he had heard the sound— so sharply as the air was — so very far away. He was right in his guess. The visitor was coming over the mountainous road from Dardale Moss ; and he now saw a horseman, who must have turned the comer of the Vicar's house at the moment when his eye was wearied ; for, when he saw him for the first time, he was advancing, in the hazy moonlight, like the shadow of a cavalier, at a gallop, upon the level strip of road that skirts the mere, between the George and the Vicar's piers. The hostler had not long to wonder why the rider pushed his beast at so furious a pace, and how he came to have heard him, as he now calculated, at least three miles away. A very few moments suf ficed to bring horse and rider to the inn door. It was a powerful black horse, something like the great Irish hunter that figured a hundred years ago, and would carry sixteen stone with ease across the country. It would have made a grand charger. Not a hair turned. It snorted, it pawed, it arched its neck ; then threw back its ears and down its head, looked ready to lash, and then to rear ; and seemed impatient to be off again, and incapable of standing quiet for a moment. The rider got down — ' As light as shadow falls.' But he was a tall, sinewy figure. He wore a cape or short mantle, a cocked hat, and a pair of jack-boots, such as held the ground in some primitive corners of England almost to the close of the last century. ' Take him, lad,' said he to old Scales. 'You need not walk or wisp him, he never sweats or tires. Give him his oats, and let him take his own time to eat them, House !' cried the stranger — in the old fashioned form ot' summons which still lingered, at that time, in out-of-the-way places — in a deep and piercing voice. As Tom Scales led the horse away to the stables, it turned its head towards its master, with a short, shrill neigh. ' About your business, old gentleman — we must not go too fast,' the stranger cried back again to his horse, with a laugh as harsh and piercing ; and he strode into the house. The hostler led this horse into the inn yard. In passing, it sidled up to the coach-house gate, within which lay the dead sexton — snorted, pawed, and lowered its head suddenly, with ear close to the plank as if listening for a sound from within ; then uttered again the same short, piercing neigh. The hostler was chilled at this mysterious coquetry with the dead, He liked the brute less and less every minute. In the meantime, its master had proceeded. ' I'll go to the inn kitchen,' he said, in his startling bass, to the drawer who met him in the passage. And on he went, as if he had known the place all his days; not seeming to hurry himself— stepping leisurely, the servant thought — but gliding on at such a rate, nevertheless, that he had passed his guide and was in the kitchen of the George before he had got much more than half-way to it. A roaring fire of dry wood, peat, and coal lighted up tais snug but spacious apartment — flashing on pots and pans, and dressers high-piled with pewter plates and dishes; and making the uncertain shadows of the long 'hanks' of onionB, and many a flitch and ham, depending from the ceiling, dance on its glowing surface. The doctor and the attorney, even Sir Geoffrey Mar dykes, did not disdain on this occasion to take chairs, and smoke their pipes by the kitchen fire, where they were in the thick of the gossip and discussion excised by the terrible event. The tall stranger entered uninvited, He looked like a gaunt, athletic Spaniard of forty, burned half black in the sun, with a bony, flattened nose. A pair of fierce black eyes were just visible under the edge of his hat ; and his mouth seemed divided, beneath the moustache, by the deep scar of a hare-lip. Sir Geoffrey Mardykes and the host of the George, aided by the doctor and the attorney, were discussing and arranging, for the third or fourth time, their theories about the death and the probable plans of Tom Scales, when the stranger entered. The new-comer lifted his hat, with a sort of smile- for a moment from his black head. ' What do you call this place, gentlemen ? ' asked the stranger. ' The town of Golden Friars, sir,' answered the doctor, politely. ?' The George and Dragon, Bir : Anthony Turnbull, at your service,' answered mine host, with a solemn bow, at the same moment — so that the two' voices went together, as it the doctor and the innkeeper were sing ing a catch. 'The George and the Dragon,' repeated the horse man, expanding his long hands over the fire which he had approached. ' Saint George, King George, the Dragon, the Devil ; it is a very grand idol, that out side your door, sir. You catch all sorts of worshippers — eourtiers, fanatics, scamps ; all's fish, eh ? Everybody wsleome, provided he drinks like one. Suppose you brew a bowl or two of punch. I'll stand it. How many are we ? iZere*-count, and let us hare enough. Gentle men, I mean te spend the night here, and my horse is in the stable. What holiday, fun, or fair has got so many pleasant faces together? When I last called here — for, now I bethink me, I have Been the place before— you all looked sad. It was on Sunday, that dismalcst of holidays ; and it would have been posi tively melancholy, only that yonr sexton — that saint upon earth — Mr. Crooke, was here.' He was looking round, over his shoulder, and added — ' Ha ! don't I see him there? ' Frightened a good deal were some of the company. All gaped in the direction in which, with a nod, he turned his eyes. ' He's notthax — he can't be thar — we see he's not thar,' said Turnbull, as dogmatically as old Joe Willet might have delivered himself— for he did not care that the George should earn the reputation of a haunted house. 'He's met an accident, sir: he's dead — he's elsewhere — and therefore can't be here.' Upon this company entertained the stranger with the narrative — which they made easy by a division of labour, two or three generally speaking at a time, and no one being permitted to finish a second sentence without finding himself corrected or supplanted. ' The man's in heaven, so sure as you're not,' said the traveller, so soon as the story was ended. ' What ! he was fiddling with the church bell, was he, and ? for that, eh ? Landlord, get us some drink. A sexton ? for pulling down a church. bell he has been pulling at for ten years !' 'You came, sir, by the Dardale Road, I believe?' said the Doctor, (village folk are curious). A dismal moss is Dardale Moss, sir ; and a bleak clim' up the fells on t'other side.' ' I say ? Yes ' to all — from Dardale Moss, as black as pitch and rotten as the grave, up that zigzag wall you call a road, that looks like chalk in the moon light, through Dunner Cleugh, as dark as a coal-pit, and down here to the George and the Dragon, where you have a roaring fire, wise men, good punch, — here it is — and a corpse in your coach-house. Where the carcase is there will the eagles be gathered together. Come, landlord, ladle out the nectar. Drink, gentle men — drink all. Brew another bowl at the bar. How divinely it stinks of alcohol I hope you like it, gentle men : it smells all over of spices, like a mummy. Drink, friends. Ladle, landlord, Drink all, serve it out.' The guest fumbled in his pocket, and produced three guineas which he slipped in Turnbull's fat palm. ' Let punch flow till that's out. I'm. an old friend of the house. I call here, back and forward. Iknow you well, Turnbull, though you don't recognise me.' ' You have the advantage of me, sir,' said Mr. Turnbull, looking hard on .that dark and sinister countenance — which, or the like of which, he could have sworn he had never seen before in his life. But he liked the weight and colour of his guineas as he dropped them into his pocket. ' I hope you will find yourself comfortable while you stay.' ' You have given me a bed-room r' 'Yes, sir — the cedar chamber.' ' I know it — the very thing. No — no punch for me. By-and-bye, perhaps.' The talk went on, but the stranger had grown silent. He had seated himself on an oak bench by the fire, towards which he extended his feet and hands, with seeming enjoyment ; his cocked hat being, however, a little over his face. Gradually the company began to thin. Sir Geoffrey Mardykes was the first to go, then some of the humbler townsfolk. The last bowl of punch was on its last legs. The stranger walked into the passage, and said to the drawer — ' Fetch me a lantern. I must see my nag. Light it — hey ? That will do. Mo — you need not come.' The gaunt traveller took it from the man'B hand, and strode along the passage to the door of the stable yard, which he opened, and passed out. Tom Scales, standing on the pavement, was looking* through the stable window at the horses when the stranger plucked his shirt sleeve. With an inward shock the hostler found himself alone with the very person he had been thinking of. ' I say — they tell me you have something to look at in there ' — he pointed with his thumb to the old coach-house door. ' Let us have a peep,' Tom Scales happened to be at that moment in a state of mind highly favourable to any one in search, of a submissive instrument. He was in great per plexity, and even perturbation. He suffered the stranger to lead him to the coach-house gate. ' You must come in and hold the lantern,' said he, ?? I'll pay you handsomely.' - The old hostlsr applied his key, and removed the padlock. ' What are you afraid of? Step in, and throw the light on his face,' said the stranger, grimly. ?' Throw open the lantern: stand there. Stoop over him a little — he won't bite you. Steady, or you may pass the night with him V In the meantime, the company at the George had dispersed; and, shortly after, Anthony Turnbull — who, like a good landlord, was always last in bed and first up, in his house — was taking alone, his last look round the kitchen before making his final visit to the stable-yard, when Tom Scales tottered into the kitchen, looking like death, his hair standing upright ; and he sat down on an oak chair, all in a tremble, wiped his forehead wiih his hand, and, instead of speaking, heaved a sigh or two. It was not till after he had swallowed a dram of brandy that he found his voice, and said — ' We!ve the deaul himsel' in t' house I By Jen! ye'd best send for t' sir,' (the clergyman). ' Happen, he'll tak him in hand wi' holy writ, and send him else-whidder deftly. Lord atween us and harm ! I'm a sinfu' man. I tell you, Mr. Turnbull, I daren't stop in t'f George to-night, under the same roof wi' him.' ' Ye mean the ra-beyoned, black-feyaced lad, wi' the brocken neb? Why, that's a gentleman wi' a pocket full o' guineas, man, and a horse worth fifty pounds ! ' ' That horse is no better nor his rider. The nags that were in the stable wi' him, they all tuk the creepins, and sweated like rain down a thack. I tuk them all out o' that, away from him, into the hack stable, and I thocht I cud never get them past him. But that's not all. When I was keekin inta t' winda at the nags, he comes bchint me, and claps his claw on ma shouther, and he gars me gang wi' him, and open the aid coach-house door, and haad the cannle for him, till he pearked into the deed man's feyace; and, as God's my judge, I 6id the corps open its eyes and wark its mouth, like a man smoorin' and strivin' to talk. I cudna move or say a word, though I felt my hair rising on my heed ; but at lang-last I gev a yelloch, and says I, 'La! what is that?' And he himsel' looked round on me, like the devil he is ; and wi' a skirl o' a laugh, he strikes thelantern out o' my hand. When I cum to myself, we 'were outside the coach- house door. The moon was shinin' in, and I cud see the corpse stretched on the table whar we left it ; and he kicked the door wi' a purr o' his foot. ' Lock it,' says he ; and so I did. And here's the key for ye — tak it yoursel', sir. Heoffer'd me money ; he said he'd mak me a rich man if I'd sell him the corpse, and help him awa' wi' it.' 'Hour, man! What cud he want o' t' corpse a He's no doctor, to do a' that lids. He was takin' i rise out o' ye, bid,' said Turnbull. ' Na, na — he wants the corpse. There's summat you a' me can't tell he wants to do wi' 't : and he'd liefer get it wi' sin and thievin', and the damage of my soul. He's one of them freytens a boo or a dob bies off Dardale Moss, that's always astir wi' the like after nightfall ; unless — Lord save us ! — he be the desul himscl'.' ' Whar is he noo ? ' asked the landlord, who 'was growing uncomfortable. ' He sprang' d up the back stair to his room. I ?wonder you didn't hear him trampin' like a wild horse ; and he clapt his door that the house shook again — but Lord knows whar he is noo. Let us gang awa' up to the Vicar's and gan him come down, and talk wi' him.' ' Hoity toity, man — you're too easy scared,' said the landlord, pale enough by this tine. ' 'Twould be a fine thing, truly, to send abroad that the house was haunted by the deaul himsel' .! Why, 'twould be the ruin o' the George. You're sure ye locked the door on the corpse ? ' 'Ay, sir — sartain.' ' Come wi' me, Tom — we'll gi' a last look around the yard.' So, side by side, with many a jealous look right and left, and over their shoulders, they went in silence. On entering the old-fashioned quadrangle, surrounded by stables and other offices — built in the antique cage work fashion — they stopped for awhile under the shadow of the inn gable, and looked round the yard, and listened. All was silent — nothing stirring. The stable lantern was lighted ; and, with it in his hand, Tony Turnbull, holding Tom Scales by the shoulder, advanced. He hauled Tom after him for a step or two ; then stood still, and shoved him before him for a 6tep or two more ; and thus cautiously — as a pair of skirmishers — under fire — they approached the coach-house door. 'There, ye see — all safe,' whispered Tom, pointing to the lock which hung — distinct in the moonlight — in its place. ' Cum back, I say ! ' 41 Cum on, say I ! ' retorted the landlord, valour ously. ' It would never do to allow any tricks to be plajred with the chap in the' — he pointed to the coach-house door. ' The coroner here in the morn ing, and never a corpse to sit on ! ' He unlocked the padlock -with these words, having handed the iantern to Tom. ' Here, keck in, Tom,' he continued — ' ye hev the lantern — and see if all's as ye left it.' ' Not me — na, not for the George and a' that's in it ! ' said Tom, with a shudder, sternly, as he took a etep backward. ' What the — what are ye afraid on ? Gi' me the lantern — it is all one : /will.' And cautiously, little by little, he opened the door ; and holding the lantern over his head, in the narrow slit, he peeped in — frowning and pale — with one eye, as if he expected something to fly in his face. He closed the door without speaking, aud locked it again. ' As safe as a thief in a mill,' he whispered with a nod to his companion. And at that moment a harsh laugh overhead broke the silence startlingly, and set all the poultry in the yard gabbling. ' Thar he be !' said Tom, clutching the landlord's arm — ?? in the winda — see! ' The window of the cedar-room, up two pair of stairs, was open ; and in the shadow a darker outline was visible of a man, with his elbows on the window-stone, looking down upon them. ' Look at his eyes — like two live coals !' gasped Tom. The landlord could not see all this so sharply, being confused, and not so long-sighted as Tom. / 'Time, sir,' called Tony Turnbull, turning cold as he thought he saw a pair of eyes shining down redly at him — 'time for honest folks to be in bed and asleep.' ' As sound as your sexton !' said the jeering voice from above. 'Come out of this,' whispered the landlord, fiercely, to his hostler, plucking him hard by the sleeve. They got into the house, and shut the door. ' I wish we were shot of him,' said the landlord, 'with something like a groan, as he leaned against the ?wall of the passage. 'I'll sit up, anyhow — and, Tom, you'll sit wi' me. Cum into the gun- room. No one shall steal the dead man out of my yard while I can draw a trigger.' The gun-room in the George is about twelve feet square. It projects into the stable-yard, and com mands a full view of the old eoach-house; and, through a narrow Bide window, a flanking view of the back door of the inn, through which the yard is reached; Tony Turnbull took down the blunderbuss — whieh ?was the great ordnance of the house — and loaded it ?with a stiff charge of pistol bullets. He put on a great -coat which hung there, and was Ms covering when he went out at night to shoot wild ducks. Tom made himself comfortable likewise. They then sat down at the window, which was open, looking into the yard, the opposite side of which was white in the brilliant moonlight. The landlord laid the blunderbuss across his knees, and stared into the yard. His comrade stared also. The door oi the gun-room was locked ; so they felt tolerably secure. An hour passed ; nothing had occurred. Another. The clock struck 1. The shadows had shifted a little ; but still the moon shone full on the old coach-house, and the stable where the guest's horse stood. Turnbull thought he heard a step on the back stair. Tom was watching the back door through the side ?window, with eyes glazing with the intensity of his stare. Anthony Turnbull, holding his breath, listened at the room door. It was a false alarm. When he came back to the window looking into the yard — ' Hish ! Look thar ! ' said he, in a vehement whisper. From the shadow at the left they saw the figure of the gaunt horseman, in short cloak and jack-boots, emerge. He pushed open the stable door, and led out his powerful black horse. He walked it across the front of the building till he reached the old coach house door ; and there, with its bridle on its neck, he left it standing, while he stalked to the yard gate ; and dealing it a kick with his heel, it sprang back with the rebound, shaking from top to bottom, and stood open. The stranger returned to the side of his horse ; and the door which secured the corpse of the sexton seemed to swing slowly open of itself as he entered, and returned with the corpse in his arms, and swung it across the shoulders of the horse, and instantly sprang into the saddle. ' Fire ! ' shouted Tom, and bang went the blunder buss with a stunning crack. A thousand sparrows* wings winnowed through the air from the thick ivy. The watch-dog yelled a furious bark. There was a strange ring and whistle in the air. The blunderbuss had burst to shivers right down to the very breech. The recoil rolled the innkeeper upon his back on the floor, and Tom Scales was flung against the side of the recess of the window, which had saved him from a tumble as violent. Li this position they heard the scaring laugh of the departing horseman, and saw him ride out of the gate with his ghastly burden. Perhaps some of my readers, like myself, have heard this Btory told by Roger Turnbull, now host of the Geerge and Dragon, the grandson of the very Tony ?who then swayed the spigot and keys of that inn, in the identical kitchen of which the fiend treated so many of the neighbours to punch. m What infernal object was subserved by the posses sion of the dead villain's body I have not learned. But a very curious story, in which a vampire resusci tation of Crooke the sexton figures, may throw a light upon this part of the tale. The result of Turnbull'e shot at the disappearing fiend certainly justifies old Andrew Morton's dictum, which is thus expressed in this curious ' History of Apparitions ' : — ' I warn rash brands who, pretend ing not to fear the devil, are for using the ordinary violences with him, which affect one man from another — or with an apparition, in which they may be sure to receiyejsome mischief. I knew one fired a gun at an apparition, and the gun burst in a hundred pieces in his hand ; another struck at an apparition with a sword, and broke his sword in pieces, and wounded his hand grievously ; and 'tis next to mad ness for any one to go that way to work with any spirit, be it angel or be it devil.' — Once a Week. 