®l)c Rintel) ifWofttfng petalo* TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1872. The letter of our Special Iteporter from Hill End in reference to the state of the population is very satisfactory. It is another testimony to the iueility with which the people trained under the shadow of liberty, by a sort of in btinct organize and settle into order, and pursue quietly their several avocations without collision. Underlying, no doubt, this state of things, there is a rowdy element which occa- sionally bursts forth in disorder ; and in still larger proportion the disposition to occasional excess shows that theie is much room for temperance societies. The absence of the police in foice proves, however, that there .is nothing uncontrollable by oidinary influences, and that there is no danger of any of those outbreaks of popular fury which occur in older communities, or which are excited by a turbu- lent patriotism. All who are old enough to remember the effect of the first discovery of gold may laugh at the fears then expressed, which, however, wcie not wholly unfounded or unrealized. | The effect upon every industry w'as for the time disastrous. People of all sorts shouldered their pick and spade, and went to the diggings. The road was thronged by drays, waggons, and even wheel bairowR. People well-to-do threw up their situations and prepared leather bags for their gold, and firearms to defend it. No one having capital invested could foresee precisely what would be the effect of this movement, or how the centre of population would be changed by new discoveries. Indeed, much disaster was really produced to individuals ; and though the great influx of population afterwards filled up the spaces that were left, those whose interests were localised were at first full of apprehensions. People who had house pro- perty in deserted places had to look out tor care-takers. The time carne when the population was too numerous for the dwell- ings, and rents became enormous. A very moderate house of four rooms cost almost as much as the salary of many clerks, while every article of food and clothing rose to an enoimous price. The wages of me- chanics were of course very high, and some of them advanced beyond pro fessicnal incomes. The order of the towns was not naturally disturbed, but the movement of a certain class of the popula- tion soon created considerable danger. It will | be remembered that twenty years have passed since that epoch. The entire population of these colonies was small, not much exceeding 300,000. It would be a low estimate to rate the number of persons who had been transported at fifty thousand or sixty thousand living at that time. But twenty years has made a vast alteration. Supposing the convict population to consist of persons averaging thirty years of age, they would now be fifty. The hand of the great mower has removed both the wheat and the tares by the scythe of time. The softening in- fluence of years has subdued the boisterous passions which break forth into offences. The large increase of persons accustomed to the restraints of society has also reduced the con- vict element to insignificance. This will in part account for the better character of a popu- lation gathered together by the attraction of gold. But another and most important difference exists. Except in sharebrokers-row the degree of excitement is far less. Many no doubt have thrown up their employments, but the propor- tion is small compared with those who steadily pursue their labour. If they speculate it is lather as sleeping partners, perhaps as gamblers. But the idea of sudden wealth is less prevalent, and in consequence the excite- ment is of a kind which less speedily loses its character of honourable adventure, and assumes that of fraud and crime. The proportion, too, of the gold-digging interest is much smaller in comparison with the entire population. Those therefore dependent upon the ordinary movement of affairs are much more numerous, and are accustomed to look to the law rather than to life-preservers _ as a competent defence. The common use of" firearms is both a cause and an effect, and every community where they are in demand shows by that fact that it is in danger of dis- order. In the back States of America every man used to carry his revolver. A favourite weapon was a "six-shooter." Dr. Russell, in his account of America, mentions the advice he received for his own protection. To keep his pistol in his coat pocket to shoot through the tail at an adversary before he could be struck with a bowie knife. We have never had quite so bad a condition as this, even in the worst of times. Another cause of the better order of the gold-fields is the abolition of the heavy license fee, the more ready acquisition of land, and the establishment of methods of adjudication which may obviate serious disputes. The riots of Ballarat were a dark page in Victorian history, and they cost some valuable lives. A number of prosecutions ensued, but they were all defeated. This colony was not free from,' similar vexations, and the military had to march to the aid of the police in consequence of some of those acts of violence which form a disgraceful page in our history. This is not likely to be repeated. The Government have all but withdrawn from mining affairs, and now sell the land at a merely nominal price. The only conflicts to be expected are those between the claim-jumpers and original proprietors. We have no anxiety now for public order, and we have no reason to dread starvation. The abundant harvest of this colony and the supplies attainable by commerce make it certain that while there is gold there will be food. If it be true, as stated, that there are reefs extending over miles, pro- mising large returns, there will be an oppor- tunity to concentrate labour and to establish the blessings of civilization. We hope these expectations will prove well founded. No dis- trict can be more healthy or present more at- tractions to the enterprising settlers than may he found within a few leagues' distance from the Turon. The gold interest and the agricul- tural will be aids one to the other. This is the blighter side of the medul. There is a reverse. Our correspondent has only confinxed our pre- vious information, and renewed the warning we have several times given. People who adven- ture in mines should have capital to spare ; they should ho- careful whom they trust ; they should ho cautious in their outlay. He who promotes the development of our mines hy sober enterprise will benefit both the colony and himself; but those who blindly speculate injure both by their example and their failure. The system of Government annuities in Queensland has not, as yet, proved to answer the expectations of those who esta- blished it. An official report from the Tieasury states that during the year 1871 only five proposals for life insurance were re- ceived, of which four were accepted and one was rejected. Two policies lapsed in consequence ol the non-payment of the premiums, leaving only nineteen policies in force at the end of the year, one of which was for £50, and the other for £100. This is the total resxilt of six years' husiness, and as it is notorious that life insurance business is colerh jmn'bus safer in proportion to the quantity of husiness done, it is clear that the Government establish- ment is in a bad way. Nineteen lives are not sufficient to eliminate the risk incident to in- surance. Any private company that had not succeeded better would have had to close its doors, hut the Government lias made use of the existing staff of Treasury officials, and beyond a little expense for stationery there has been no special outlay. The small husiness done contrasts with the very considerable amount of business done hy the New Zealand Government in the same line, and Mr. W. L. G. Drew, the Under-Sccretary of the Queensland Treasury, explains the difference hy the better terms offered by the other Government. They aro better in'" five respects. First, there is a lower scale of premiums ; > secondly, the transactions are effected without any cost to the insured ; thirdly, policies are secured upon the con- solidated revenues of the colony ; fourthly, policies are exempted from the operation of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Laws, and to the extent of £2000 are free from the claims of creditors ; fifthly, married women maj effect policies and dispose of the money assured by will. We have no statistics of the New Zealand ^Government insurance before us ; but we were assured by the Hon. Mr. Vogel, when lately in Sydney, that the system was a decided success, and that the healthy competition of the Australian Mutual Provident Society had been beneficial to both in drawing the attenüon of the public to the matter, and in stimulating a large amount of insurance. In Queensland no life insurance can be effected with the Go- i vernment for a greater amount than £100 ; nor can any annuity be granted exceeding £50. The Government tables are based upon the low rate of interest ruling in England, and premiums are xmnecessary, but at the same time they are not greater than those charged by the several companies doing business in' Queensland ; and therefore, though it might be safe for the Government to grant better terms, the premiums alone would not account for the small quantity of its business. It is not necessary-perhaps it is not desirable-that the Government should outbid private companies by accepting lower premiums or offering higher profits. Its one great and special advantage, and with which it should rest contented, is the security it gives ; and in life insurance security is all in all. There have been so many failures in late years of life insurance companies as to have weakened public confidence, not in the system, but in the reckless way in which the ¡system has been sometimes carried out. Un- restricted competition and the practice of driving a trade with an insufficient margin of profit are not adapted to life insurance. Already there has sprung up a vigorous demand that the Government should exercise special and rigorous super- vision over the Btarting of new companies and over the management of old ones, and this demand, pushed to its logical consequences, naturally results in the conclusion tfcat the Government should do still more- that it should not only lay down fixed and rigid rules for the conduct of the business, and set up certain safeguards and securities, but that it should establish an agency of its own, and so give a direct Government guarantee for payment. It is obvious that the Go- vernment can hardly guarantee the operations of any private society in which it is not repre- sented, and over which it exercises no direct control; and the security of the Government itself is only to be obtained in an exclusive Government institution. There are not want- ing publicists who go further, and who advo- cate that Government should buy up all exist- ing life insurance companies, consolidate the whole into one official department, and, by prohibiting any further competition, establish a monopoly, which would not only be perfectly safe, but which might even furnish a revenue. Others go further still, and contend that life insurance as a State arrangement might be made compulsory up to a minimum limit and voluntarily beyond it ; and that if this were done poverty would almost cease, and charit- able institutions would dwindle to the smallest scale. The discussions on these subjects are çigns of the times, and indicate the tendency of modern thought on social questions. Mean- while it is a public duty to improve, purify, and strengthen existing institutions. The world wns greatly indebted to those _ specula- tive capitalists who first started life insurance with the view of making profit. . The world has been still further benefited by the great development that has been given to the mutual principle ; and it may well be that still further advantages are to be obtained by the intro- duction of Government into this business. Meanwhile we must be content to advance willi slow and tentative steps. The subject is one that pre- eminently requires caution, and is about the last on which rash and sanguine theorists must be allowed to operate. "We have seen what a mess our Government made of the Superannuation system whsn handling it in the too customary style of a political job. We could not afford to make a similar mistake with regará to general life insurance. There is one other point of importance re- ferred tq in Mr. Drew's Queensland report, and that is the expediency ol' an Act com- pelling all non-local societies to have a certain amount invested in the securities of the colony, and retained as a security for the locally insured. Such a provision is enforced in many of the American States, and in consequence of it the European Society never gained a footing in many of them, much to the advantage, as it has turned out, of assurers. A similar provision forms part of the New Zealand Act, and in the recent Viceregal speech at Melbourne it was intimated that Victoria was about to follow stitt. The European Society has certain funds invested in Victoria, and an attempt has been made to lay hands on them for the benefit of Victorian _.. I creditors ; but it vas been found that iW i cannot he legally impounded. ^ ' Mr. Drew, referring to the Australian M\ tual Provident Society's branch in Queensland Bajs tha.l this Society," while" receiving premium' amounting to many thousand pounds annually from the colony, does not au" vanee any poition. of such mono)s on Queensland propeities, and has not done so for several years past.' We believe, however, that not only have considerable sums been advanced on Queensland properties a considerable poition of which is still outstand- ing, but that the piincipal losses the com- pany has inclined in its investments have arisen fiom such advances; and that it has now, and has long had, a considerable sum invested in Queensland Government debentuies-the last repoit showing a sum of ovei £173,500 so invested. Supreme Court - Business This Dty - In Equity Boforo his Honor tho Primary Judgo at li o deck Motions and potitions Court v Putman and others, motions for dtoreu 51 istor a Office, at li o dook Mnclcn/iov Hollín gshoad, ovid nco prior to tho hoarmir Bi neo Court Kittlor v Murphy, Levien v Couqins Walford v Cousins, Brown and nnothor v Carss and anothor Si i)NEY Ii, ni marv -Ilcporfc lor the week end rg 27th May -Admitted, 22 malos 11 fein iles tuUI ¿S Duchniged, 17 males, 7 fomaloa ti tal, 24 Bled 5 m iles 1 female totale Remaining in houio 117 males 79 fomaloa total, ..2(3 Subscriptions, A.u , received, £7118s Proiosed Testimonial to Ditfctivis Eiiiott and Camuun -Last ovoning n rneqting wis hold a_t A\ lllianiB a Metropolitan Hotel, King stroot, for tho purpoto of taking st pB to present dotootives Elliott and Camihin with a testimonial, m acknowledgment of tho forvicea rendorod by them to thecmsoof justico m tho defection and conviction of tho murdoreis of Bndgor nnd Walker _ rom _ tw on ty to thirty persons woro prosont. Mr W T Pinhoy presided, and and ho considorod tho olject of the meeting worth} tho consideration of tho c m mumty at largo Ho thought tho manner in which defectives Elliott and Cunphm hidB) swiftly brought io jático tho murderers in tho lato unparallolod caso ont tied them to some specinl recognition Ihtir en u es vvoro do terving of a much botter mooting If it h*d boen held in the afternoon, before business men left the cit> ho thou lit there would havo been a much larger itttndanco Ho wu quito auro tho publio sympitbv wis with tho object j hough it might bo said that tho doteetive? had bit pi) dono their duty, still tho j resent wbb nn exceptional case When they saw men showing superior skill to their follows, it was di serving of row ard, especially whon thoy remembered tho interests that had boon involved, and how tho whole community hid beon b nefit d by tho capturo of tho dastardly murderers Mr A Do Lifsa moved the first ros lution, as follows -"lhat tho services of detoctives Elliott and Camphin, in their prompt detection and ciptureof tho Panamatta Elver murderers, call for somo recognition from tho community m acknowledgment of tho assistance hereby rendered by them to tho causo of jURtico Tosti niomals wero being presented to wealthy and influential portons for tho dischnrgo of municipal or other socul duties devolving upon thi i , others, equally dcorvmj, in humbler stations, woi o often passed by from not bomg brought into notico but ho ruaintainod that a dosorviug action Ilka that which thoy had mot to recogm/o on y required to bo known to thu public, and it would rtco vo at their hands tho appreciation it desoned In recognizing tho son ices of dotoetivos Elliott and Camphin thoy would ho but acknowledging what was duo iiIhi to tho polico force, which wbb about the moat elhcient m tho publie service Ho bolioved that every ouo in tho city acd suburbs would gladly giva a small con- tribution toward tho teininoni ii fund Mr 1) O Connor teconded the resoluli n, and it wis agrood ti Mr C. Lester moved tho next resolution, ns follows - ' lhat the following gentloiuon rcsoho theuiBolvos into a tommittco, with povvor to add to their nueabor, for tho pur poso of procuring a tesfimonial for presentation to detoo tivcs Elliott and Camphin, and that a subscription list bo opened for the purpose - VY T Pmh y, F O Browur, ü Itch ns, W Andre« e, A Do Lissn, bl De Liaoi, O Lostor, K S Hill, S Priest) v, j un, S li Hyam, D imol Ü Connor (fi¿9 Georgo street) Ho hcartilv concurred in tho objoct of the meeting, and thought that the host way to secuto a largo sum would bo by limiting tho subscriptions lo ouo shilling He thought collectors should bo n] pointed and every house, visited, and there would bo very fow refusals Mr W Andrews seeonled tho reso- lution Ihoy ought to _,ot £500, nnd Government should be called upon to supplement the fund Mr Jo oph Blow raid that ho was very ha_ py that the sorvnos of deteotivoB Elliott and Camphin wero to bo acknowledged, but 'hore wero ofher persons in the Polico 1 « o who h m rendered service in tie caso that ought also to be acknowledged Th ire wero tho60 besides who had supplied linka in tho oùam of evidenco which would othirwiso have boen incomploto Tie «solution was then put nnd agreed to EettorB wero read from Mr Lirnncli and Dr Cox ex- pressing their upproval of tho mo\ornent, and oacb. enclosing £1 is as a subscripting Mr G Robins pro- iosed that Mr F C Brovver Bhould bo honorary trcasuror, and Mr M Do Lifasa honorary seorotary t j tho testimonial c mmitteo Mr B llhodos socondod the motion, and mentioned that ho look a speci ii interest in tho movement, as his sun s wifo s brother bad answered ono of tho ad-crtiscnients inserted in the Herald by tho priEonors, and narrowly cscapod being a victim. Tho motion was agreed to Mr Pinhoy having boen moved from tho chair, and Mr Brewer having taken it, a voto of thanks wns propoi,ed to Mr. Pmhey for oroBiding, which was carried, and having been acknow- ledged, tho formal proceedings closed Ab tit £20 wore subscribed in tho room in aid of the testimonial fund Tin Monstii Cold ÜA.KI -We aio infoiined that McsBrr. Foster, Eolly, and Co , nuning amonts bavo purchased Krohman s monster cike of gold, weighing 6bU o/, for tbo sum of £22 307 14s, being at ih r-ite of £3 19h Gd. per ai What the nowonncrn prop) o to do with tho precious nugget has not jet been discloutd Import viioN oi .Stock - Die J hy it in, fiom London, has brought four fino highly bred vuiinj, p ¡,s, lui pirtedby Mr James laylor, of Morpeth, for wli m they «ere carefully saloctod i hey aro pure whito and tho fa t of their being of tho famous Lord It ¡dnor bro d, would be in itself a suthcient guarant-o of their excellence Mail Coach Accident. - A Man Killed - On Wednesday night (the Dubbo Dispatch reports), a ter- rible accident occurred to the mail coach between Orange and the Three Rivers. The coach, with three male and two fttnalo paseongers for Wellington, Dubbo, and tho westward, left Orargo atthousuil time, and overy thing went well till between L irrua Like ind the lhroo Kiveira Then the ci ach was driven over a log and upsot A niau rnnied Holmes was so etnoufly injured tb it although ho was taken almost immediately fr m under tho coach by Mr W C M Philliimy, of tho Oaks, B gan liivor (who was a passenger to Dubbo), ho died before tho stables ut tho lhreo Bivora wero reached Another man, whoso mme wo havo not heard, going for bhoop to Messrs W and T Richardson s Wurrawombio eitiblishmont, had his ehtuldtr broken Tho women in tho coach woro shaken, butotherwiso uninjured Iho drivor was slightly hurt, and Mr M'Phillaruy happily escaped unhurt Niw Plw j oi hil SuniEssioN ou DitUMvENMíSS - Tho Liverpool magislritos (England) have determined to try the ex] eriinout of publioity as a supprcsEer of drunkenness Beides iming the ia cbrntes says tho Lnetpool Mere try, "thoy intend to publish their names and addresses, behoving th it pubhciiy will have a deterrent ollect where a money penalty, or the Iisof a fow hours liberty, would have nono lho plan baa boen doi ¡aid by Mr Koberbon Gladstono brother of tho Premier, and will bo put in operation forthwith ' lho Mci cm y does not inform us who is to pay the printor The Permvnent Torce on toe Queen's BiliTH BAV -Somo ¿»appointment was expressed at tbo absence of tho Permanent i-oreo from the review in Mooro Park on Queen'a birth diy, as so flno a bodv of well drilled tuen weuld havo added much to tho ciucmble of the display "W o aro informed that the force wa9 pre luded from tikmg pert in the review by re son of tha i uti s thoy had noces sarily to perfonu Tho Artillery furnished the various pinrds for tho duv, and also tired the usual fiiluto fiom Dai cb Batten, at nom Tho In funtiy wero detail d for tho guard of honour at Government Houpo, when tho levee took placo, and were abo paraded in honour of tho occasion, at li o clock in the Victoria Barracks, whero bl« Excellency the Administrator of the Government roviowod them, prior to proooeding to Meero Park Tho infantry wero then diemtssed fir dinner, ai.d ngain assembled at half past 1 o clock, to attend at Government House li mav be as well to mention that about seventy of tho latter brenca of tha Pcrtnanont Forceihavi gone through a complote course of garrison gun drill, and tbo wholo will ero long bo passed through tho s une coutso o ínouuction. Grvmmai School CvDft Coris - The Sydney Gran mar fechool C idot Corps wero inspectai on Saturday, at the Victoria Barracks, hy Colonol iliohardsoa mid Major Fit «linons The company waB drilled by Cup t un W eigall, who put them through the manual esnrciso, sovoral sections of comp my drill, and various light inf mtry movements. Previous to dismissal the Colonol addressee. tho company, congratulated them on their oihoienoy, ana pn nounced thmr manual exorciso to h ive b en excellent, and tbo company and lie,ht infantry drill ^ havo been vory good indeed Ho further referred to tie neatness t mo uniform, tbo correct manner m winch thoy woro tne r appointments, and tho cleanliness of thoir anna md ac on tremí nt« Ho also said that tho eüic oney of the corps waa Lre ally to the credit of Cnpt in Weigall and to thit ot una instructor Hodgo lhreo hearty choers wero tbeu given for Colonel Richardson and threo for Major liUaimons. Tho parado was then dismissed Tri ATIM-An cuoi occms in Mi Samuels letter in Saturday b issue, which we have boen requested to c rrecf lho word " largor ' sheuld be " «»lofftr ino tntenco should road thus " If the intention is to snow th t there was a wialUr credit balanco when Mr iioni entered offlco than on the 11th instant when ho retire«» then ho hus again ruado u great im>>t iko," Coroner's Court.-On Fuday. the City Ceronor held two inquests-tbo first at Darlinghurst pool on tho body of a woman named Mary Ann Crancllell (known as " Mad Marv"), who died suddenly on tho pro viona dnv. Sho wa» received into tho gaol on tho ¿8th November li ft yenr, uudti Fentence for viigruncy On 18th April ihcwas rtceived into tho hospitil, whero sho dud about 1 o'clock ou l'ridsy morning lauf, from exhau«u in cauBort by dlarrbu n T ho jury returned a verdict in accord- ance with the nudioal ovidmico On Saturday morning tho Coroner held nnotbtr inquest nt the Sir John Young Hotel, TVoolIoomoolf o, upon tho body of a man nannd llobert Bruco Murray, 37 v oars of iig>, n nativo of Scotland. From tho evidence or F)i_abnlli Will«, it nppeaiid thnt tho du ccased bud not ldiovcd in a nmnner which would load 1er to think thnt ho contemplated suicide, but that about S ocloik on luetduy uior_in" last *ha found deceased in ono of her upstair dumb hanging to an iron rod which rcn across tho oiling Tho deceased bad b< n senti need to six months' imprison- ment for attempting to commit suicido by cutting Ihn thrtat in 18C8 the |urv relumed a vi rdict that tho docoasod committed suit tela bj hanging himself-Yosterd iv Mr. Henry Slnell, tho City Coroner, bold an inquest at his ollico Hjelo 1'nrk, ujin tho body of William bhaw John Lawson dotoBctl tliut ho waa ii musician in tho employ of Messrs Bird and J. aj lor, of tho American Circus, deceased, who waa abo a imiHcutn rmplovcd ut tho Circus, was about 36ycors of ago, n untivo of Halifax, and has loft a widow in Melbiume , be rfsided at tho'trafalgar Hotel, Ca&tlo; rcogh-sticot, he did not tomo to tho Circus on Friday night, being under thu lrtluonco of drink , dined with htm on Soturdaj last, whin be vi as slightly under tho influence «f drink, n_d lett him sitting nt tho tnblo with otbora , in about a quarter of an hour afterwards saw him l)ing on tho flbxrfi at tho bottom of tho sturs , he wns bleeding from tho t ack of tho head, and waa in eensiblo, lock hun to tho Infirmary, nover heard him complain of being subject to fits iili/a Mooney deposed tint the was housi keeper at tho Trafalgar Hotel, remem- bered dcccaFcd living there, on J-aturdny ho was a ludo tho vioieo for liquor , Rt about 2 o'clock, when removing tbo dinner thine.»1, saw deceased sitting at the head of tho table alono, went down stairs, and when standing at tho back door, nbout thtco minutes after, hoard a nowo as if something hiavy had fallen to tho ground, on guing insido to fee what it wus, saw decoasod lying on tho floor, with tbo back of hm bend on tho ground, and his feet resting on tho eocond stair from the bottom, ho seemed lifeless, called íor asustan«', Mr. Wmcburgh carno, and deceased wis removed, no euc went up stairs between tho ti mo v, lion witness caine donn and tho fall Tho medical ovidonoo went to show that tit nth resulfod from somo injuries to tho head, roch as would bo caused by a fall, and tho jury re- turned a verdict accordingly -At 2 o'clock tho same day another inquest touk placo on tho bod) of n man named "Willinm Longlos, who dud at tho Infl marv on Saturday It appoirs that the deceased was at tho Captain Cook Hotel, at Botany, and that under tho influence of drink ho upset a quantity of kemi mo oil over his clothing, whioh sosn afterwards accldontolh caught fire, and ho whs bo severely burned that death resulted A verdict was roturncd in ac- cordance vulh tho evidence. Cook's HivEi Luis mc Asylum-On Thurs- day evening lan, un entertainment was gnon bv Dr Tucker to his patients nt Bay View Houso, Cook's K vor An excellent magic lantern was provided, and tho view s exhibited ntlordtd p'eaeuro nut only to tho inmates of tho asylum but nl«o tbo numerous invited guo=td Thoro was musio ol vant us kinds and dancing, in which some of tho patient« joined Nothing occurred to ronder necessary any unpleoBiint excrete of authority. _ho principal objoot wus evidemJ} to moko tho inmates ns huppy iib thoir circum- stances would iidmir, and it appeared to be successful Some of tho patients continued to sharo tho festivities with tho visitors long after their mora ulllictod companions had rotirod for tho night. I The Lo>,do\ \nd Australian Steam Jíavioatio-h CovtiANX -A few days ago wo published the firet part of a prtliininary prospectus for tho establish- ment of u componv bearing tho abovo title, to which was attached niimcB of great promincnco in England Tho promoters of tho t nmpanv lay tho following Bchomo beforo tho public -Arrangtuitnts havo been mado for tho con- struction of thrco steamships, expresBly designed to moot tho rcquiremcnjh of this service, and to carry, in addition to tho largo toni supply requisito for tho purpose 2000 tons of general cargo, and numerous first, second, third class and stecrngo passengers It is considered that for tho officient performance of tho lui itr monthly eorvico six ships will be required, and with thiB oljecl it ib proposed, when tho Government sub lily is obtained, to oller £200,000 of tho capital of tho company for subscription in the colony TheBo BtoninshipB will bo depigntd and built under the personal caro of Mr H J Heed, C B , late chief con- structor of iho nav j, und will embody, iib far ns praolicublo, all thoto improvements, both of detigu and structure, which havo made the later iron ships of tbo Royal Navy, by tho same designot, so remarkable for strength and eafetv, in combination with lightness of construction in tho hull _ho /-aving in weight thus oiloctcd will materially improve the carr)nig powers of tho Bhips. Iho latest im- provements in tho marino ongino, and especially thoso which rediKo tho consumption of fuel, and promote tho régulant) of steam bervicos, will aleo bo carefully embodied lnthotothips 'iho directors feel assured that such ships will prove lull) cupnblo of maintaining an averago speed of twelve knots tin hour, and of accomplishing tho direct passage between Plvmouth mid Molbourno in forty-fivo days The accommodation for passengers vi ill bo ample, and specially adapted (or tho voyago to Australia In point cf time lhcie will be again of ton days over the present postal rt uto via Southampton and Sue/-a matter of no Bmall moment to tbo commercial world PusBongerB will bo saved all weurifomo detentions at coaling stations, all the miseries of frequent changos, and many other lnconvo BienceB, ns well as the unavoidable risks of tho Suez and Kcd Sea routo, whilst on tho homoward voyage thoy will _ot bo exposed to tho tediousness and uncertainty of tho paeeago round Cupo Horn, with its well-known dangers irom icebergs, M si ri is g WAr es-The min who foohsnly inockB down his ono or two yours wages at a public houso is not so much on ob|ect of pit) ns is generally supposed, io is very much to blame, and if one publican îofusoa to servo him another will A caso is roportod by tho Bourke correspondent of the Dubbo Dtvpntch, that is suggestive that of Looker v '\ mctnt. Tho plaintiff in this oase ^observes tho writer) was ono of tho many bushmen who, ?when they receive their cheques, lot it bo largo or small, pull up at tho first public, and novor boo daylight till they 41 blue the lot It is awasto of breath to givo advico to this class of men, when thoy are " only enjoying them telves once in a way " Ihey will liston to no reason, no matter from whence it comos. I nm inclined to mention this case in consequence of tho verdict that his Honor gave, ?which was almost tantamount to a vordict for the pluntilf -ho only allowing Vincent a certain sum for tho time Xooker was there (threo weeks). Now, it is well known the Bmount a man can spend in threo weoks, after living on a station for one or two years YeF, and spend ovory six- pence legally I don't say that ho spends it on himself, but ho makes friends with every ono, both malo and female, and tho best m the house is called and paid for. That is what Mr Looker did, and when ho finds (lo uso a colonial phrase) " a cramp in his kick," ho then seos what a fool bohns been, louves the publio, and, meeting with 80ino bush lawyer, is advised to havo a "go in" for hu cheque again, which ho accordingly does, and receives a verdict. Church oi Lnciand, lint Eî.d- On Truliy (says tho Bill índ Simes) tho foundation-stone of thm church was laid by Mrs T B Troes (wife of tho incum- bent) After tho ceremony, Mr Samuel Holman, with his, usual hbernlity, bonded in a cheque for £220, and tbo total amount laid ou tho stone and realised from tho tea meeting was nearly £9i0 Iho Rev Canon Smith, of St Barnabas, Sydnt y, dolivered a most ndmirablo address, and pomo excellent nodie^sis viere given in tho oveninc by the Revs Canon fcmith, W Brown, and other clerg)men 1mamichu -'Ihe Wellington correspondent of tho Dubbo linpnlch Btates thnt tt caso of infauticido occurred thcio A ) oung w oman namod Lu¿ie Watson a half casto, a servant at Mrs Watsons, near Wellington, favo I nth. to an illegitimate femalo child bouio timo after midnight on Sunday last It appears that she delivered herself and allowed the child to blet d to death lmmcdiatel) after its hirth, and then threw tho bod) into tho M icjuane River, whero it waa found bv tho police. Watson, who was arrested by serf tant M'Manamov, wis lodged m tho gaol A magisterial inquiry was commenced to-day, by Mr Jseifehtlev, PM ,iuto tho cauto of tho death ot Iho child, lut it wbb adjourned. EXECUTION IN VICTORIA.—The execution of J. Wilkie, for the Daylesford murder, took place at the Cas- tlemaine gaol on Monday morning, at 10 o'clock. The Re- presentative gave the following account:—" The sheriff, Mr. Colles, as on previous occasions, refused to give admission to a very large number of applicants who certainly could only have been spectators induced to attend by a morbid love of the sensational. The father and a few intimate friends of the murdered man were present, but with this exception few others were admitted, beyond tho representa- tives of the Press and the necessary officials. The con- demned man made no confession whatever of his guilt as regards the murder of Henry Pensom. His last request was that some religious books, which had been in his pocket and removed, should be given to the minister, the Rev. Mr. Smeaton, who, together with the Rev. Boyd McCay, attended the wretched man in his last moments The horrible office of the hangman was properly performed, since death must have been almost instantaneous." The Mount Alexander Mail gives some additional particulars "On the scaffold the Rev. Mr. Smeaton said to the condemned man, 'Now, James, have you any more to say ; remember, you are on the borders of eternity ?" To which Wilkie replied, ' I have nothing more to say, sir.' Bamford now came forward, and while adjusting the fatal cord, the prisoner turned his head sharply round as if in pain, but made no remark. The cap was then drawn over his face, and the customary shake hands having been at- tempted, but evidently refused on Wilkie's part, the bolt was drawn, and the living body fell with a heavy thud that was distinctly felt and heard throughout the building. The nervous twitching of the body for fully three minutes after the fall indicated plainly that death was not instan- taneous, although all sensibility to pain must have ceased at once on the shock, Prior to his death Wilkie got one of the prisoners to write out a statement, or defence, which was designed for the columns of the Argus, but was sub- quently placed in the hands of Mr Colles, the sheriff, along with a letter written by the prisoner to his mother ; also his watch and a few trinkets. Wilkie returned his age as 28, having been born in Edinburgh in 1845. By religion he was a Presbyterian." '"" I'uiHiCATfONS-We have received copies of lho follow ing puiN1°k"°ES -"On Spormatorrbma, in ita Physiolupifll, Modi cal, and Legal Aspecto," by J G. Beal j F R C S , WceüuurD0> an a prim, by E F Hugh es, Melbourne The Trans Australian Ti llorai-ii -A few days «go (snyB the bolah .australian MejisUr of May 21) it was notified that tho Govormnent had by wiro mes- sage communieated with Mr Lew.s, who has been pushing across tho continent willi a lot of breeding marco-, sires, und olber stock en route for tbo country on tho North Coa6t, wnero this pioneer fijuatter purposes forming a horse station To this telegram, sent n distanco of about 1200 miles, the Executive received nu answer withm three hi ure ihe object of tho negotiations waa the purchase ol Mr lewis s horses, but as tho authorities could not secure enough for tbi ir purpose they li ivo finally arranged with the ownci to biro his entire working stock, comprising 2Ù horses with pack and riding saddhs and camp equipage Mr Lewis and hit, two inuuhavo likovviso been engaged undir an agreement which provides tor adding the strength of this party to the other constructors Ihia extra forto will probably reach Tennants Creek by May 25, and when tho aparo horses at that rlace and tho Bourko are addod to Mr I ewiB s contingent, there will bo an accession of thirty two, nil ef thom lit for ex. ress service, and likely to bo used in keeping up communication with the BJUth and north onds of the line ob it ib wittd hythe advancing construction parties It is proposed to sond four mon from Barrow's Creek to aid Ihe other three, and Mr R. P Boucaut will ho placed iii charge Ho ha- been directed at once to mako for Haly Waters, and there taki insfruotions from Mr Patter cou or the officer w charge In tho vicinity of Newcastle TV ater» a central depot will bo formed. It is behoved that lho timely help to be oflordod as lho resu't of the arrange- ment« m ntioned will permit of a reliable estafette bom¿ established over tho gap in tho line at the beginning of July, or even earlier than that should substantial progress have been made by the Northoru Territory ciLBtructiGn paities According to tbo advices to hm d Mr Patterson did not oxpuct that in lho middle of Juno the portion unfinished would exceed 2:>0 inlet-a distance that, with robeys of good horsei at oasy ftsgis might bo travoieed regularly in five or six dnyi, and hu ce muiunicahon could bo kept up at slated intervals lbe two ends of the wire will of courho week by woek bB brought nearer, for of tho uncompleted portions of tho line 4ö miles noith from Tennant s Creole aro poled reidy for wini g, and fully 25 additional miles, it is hoped, will have 1 een prepared for the same procesB by Juno ¿0 Ihoro is thus every reason to anticipate, as tho result of the course pursued by the Government, a speedy ulih/ ition of those portions of the ovcrlund lino that aro ulrcidy finished. Communication with Fort Darwin is likely to bo inado good far sooner than would havo been possible hid not tho roin forccinente here mentioned gone forward By broaking up parties otherwise engagtd, or diverting mon nnd liorsoafrom the great labour of construction, an express Borvico might havo been started, but not with tbo hopeful prospect that now presents itself. Ghosts on the Road - The following story is related in the Hay Standard: - As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Beabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying " Hie, hie!" Young Donohoe stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, cooeyed, looked about for half an hour, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was murdered by a shepherd at the Point some twenty years ago; and our informant states that Mr Peter Halbish, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels, and that Mr John Buckley, when camped there with cattle, at one time saw the figure of a man, which he bailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. The Caifornian Mail Contract-The Austuilanan of Saturday observes -The prospecta of a continuation of lho Duffy nnd Vogel Californian mail contract look very bluo indeed The long delay in the arrival of the Nebraska occurs nt a very unfortunate timo lho Wonga Wonga, which was to bring on tho mail j from Auokland to Sydney, waited at the former port l8 | dava, getting Ub demurrage paid by tho Ivow Zealand Gi v crûment from day to day. Howover, after paying ¿500, the Government got tired, and stopped payment, and tho cal tain declined to wait any longer, and returned to Sydney so that if the mail afterwards came, it would havo to w ait its cbonee of convey ance on to Sj dn y or Melbourne However the Vi onga has been bick 10 or 12 days, and still nothing boa been heard of the missing Nebraska A oor resjondmt, who willes to the Arqus from Auckland on tbo subject, makes soma shrowd common sense ciiticisms on the contract Accoiding to him, ibu Aucklunders aro amusing themselves at the astute "\ let mans boine; t iken in by " so Btiilo a joke" as fhi provisions agreed to by Mr Dully. He snys on the two former occasions when aEieements had been mado between Now /inland and Mr Webb, tho Kamo boats the Dacotiih, Nevada, and Nebraska-"all approved, eijuipted, and manned ns nfoiesaid' bad been named It is now l8 months since tbo first contract was signed, md on tbo 1st of May tho Dacotah had not loft New "V ork The writer concludes from this and other circum- stances that the contractor has had a very fair and patient trial, imd that, na the present stato of the caso shows, he has failed He reasonably argues that if Victoria really wanfs a perfcet tcrvico by this route, abo should call for tenderB m England, nnd further that any such eervioo should take the roulc by I iji, and so subserve tho im- portant ulject of commercially linking that community with Australia I Wim: Licrasis-According to the Albuiy Jiamur n memorial is in course of signaturo to tho Legis I lativo Assembly, praying that stricter measures may bo Bdoptcd to prevent tho holders of wine UccnBeB from selling smuts It is an admitted fact (observes tho abovo journal) that drunkenness is becoming moro and moro the curse of tho colony. Our polico courts, and our coroners can testify that nearl) three-fourths of tho caseB and deaths that havo to be dealt with aro caused through drunkenness. It is, tLcreforo, tho imperativo duty of tho State to remedy this evil if pcffible It is also admitted that most of the wine t-sniics aro nothing else than demoralising depots-traps to ensnare and catch tho bushman with his ohequo-und worse than rob him of his money ho us robbed of his health by the abominable liquors or poison dispensed nt these establishments It is a matter of question as to whether it is advisablo to do away with wme lietnstB ullogcfher. Tor it must bo adim.ted that two or ihrte-year old colonial wine is about (he most wholesome drink anybody can take This boing the ease, it ought to be within the reach of those requiring nourishment to get it st as cheap ii rato as possible, without Icing compelled to buy it wholcsalo as it were, or from the pullican, with 200 per cent added to wh it they would havo to va) if bought irom the growen direct Tho remedy wo wtuld EUggest would be that no person should bo entitled to obtain a v. mo license unlesH he has a v me) ard ot two aeren in extent m full bearing, uleo that tho applicant is known to be n respecti ble person, such licensos to bo granted or withdrawn at the option tf the ma^istintes Ihe pjlieo also should havo a special look out to seo that no drunkenness is curried on in thcto establishments D] Al H Or AN OLD CoLOMSl OF &OLTII; All thai ia -ibe JlegtsUr, of May ¿0, cinminBu long obituary notice of tbo Hun John Baker, who died at his residence, near Adelaide, on tho 18th of May. Tho late Mr Baker arrived in the sister colony in tho year 1838, and since that timo was connected with the most prominent legislativo and commercial events of the colony , ho was also well known on the Tuif, as the owner of somo of the beBt horses For a long time he had been suflenng from an illness of such seventy that but laint hopes of his ultimate recovery have been cnteitaincd, and the news of tho fatal isauo of his malady will not cn ato any great surprise amongst his friends or amongst the public of South Australia to whom his name has become a household wird It was whilst ho was on a visit to the neighbouring colony eomo months ago ?hut his illness assumed n serious form, and ho was obliged to hasten bick. On his return ho nmained for many wcels nt the rendtnee of his son, Mr R. C Baker, ut North Adelaide-his lite for somo tuno bang despaired of. He howevei rallied sufficient!) to bo lemoved to his own house, at Monulta, whero lie lingered on in great weakness, Lut in full possession of his mental faculties, until early on tho morning of fcatutday, May IS Although at timea biß sufferings bave been intense, his luet moments were ex cccdmgl) quiet and peaceful. ilARïvSMi n -The Manai o J\Ia eui y observcb \- It is a source of r((.rot to note, particularly at tho police couria throughout the colony, the number of " marksmen " that are culled upon to give evidence, and unable to wnto or rend. In the couise of a caso heard at tho Cooran Police Court on Monday last, a youih, aupurcntlv l8 or 19 years of age, was questioned as to his knowledgo of tho nature of on ontb, and, though be seemed to bo aware that it implied the speaking of nothing but tie truth, it was pitiful to beor him admit that he could neither write nor read, that bo seldom, if ever, -attended u piuco ot divino worship, and that he knew no pravirB "let, how many there oro like bim m the country districts. With such a rising generation it can scarcely be expected that crime will bo less prevalent than it now, unfortu- nately, is in tbo colony. Tbo schoolmaster is sadly wanted in the bush, and, till some system approaching compulsory education is adopted by tho State, this deploiablo ifcnorunce of the riding youth will bo maniftsttd. It is satisfactory to noto that the Bubject of tenpulsory education is gradually goininp ground, end nttincung tho atteution of statesmen and others m ínUiien tial positions m this and adioinmg colonies. For tho sako of the future of Austruli i, tho adoption of some niodo akin to the Ptussian B)biciu of education should form a subject ef legislation Machimty ion tim Invehí ll Tin Mimis -On biituiday, 18th instant (says tho Mun wundi Tune ), Ibc goeds truin biou^ht up threo very large boilers ad other michincrv, the destination of which is the Inverell tin mines. Iho large dimensions of tho boilers will, doubtless, rendel their tr msit sr tnewhat dithcult, ospcoially if wet weather seta in During tho past few weeks tho railway officials havo hsd n very busy timo of it, owing to thu lai go amount of goods which continues to arrive At tho early part of tho week there was scarcely room to turn round in tho gotds ehtd We believe in future that Is per ton per day will be charged upon all goods left shtd over forty-eight hours,-not an unwise pioueion. A gnat deal of inconvenience is occasioned in consequence of the goods accumulating and blocking up tho j lace, becario tho trucks connot be unloaded, and when pooole go for their goods-anieles ttrhups urgently required, it is only with oonsidt-roblo difhculty-and pcrnapBnot at all-that they can get tbeni on tho fame day. The ofliuolsj ceituinly i are very obliging at the, station, and uso their best endea- vours to inert the requirements oi the constituents. 