. EVENING. ^ ; . j * "Bnt ohfor the touch of a vanished hand,. : \- And the sound Of a voice that Is still." .. .. - ' , -TENNTSOK.; I never believed in ghosts, 'tis not likely I'd do so now, ' ? ? v -? "With the furrows of sixty odd summersrestingon my brow, And yet it was very strange, I am sure it was not a dream, 1 : - Though old age is given to musing, and fancies oft : real seem. _ . I was sitting alone in the twilight, and all around . . was still, .:V When a something passed .before me that made me shiver and thrill. . There was'neither rustle nor'footfidl, I: heard neither voice nor call, . .. But over the curtained window a shadow seemed to fall. "Oh ! could it'have beet all fancy thiat'lace with : its vexed surprise? As it looked at me long years ago with those . darkly earnest eyes. v The delicate sheen of soft robes, but a fleeting . foolish illusion, ' ; The glimpse of a well-known form, a cruel and : . mocking delusion! I turned away for a moment, then fearfully \- ? looked again; ! The'passion flowers aud the roses were drooping ? -against the pane, . , r Sombre prey masses ol foliage stretched away out "of sight, Tinged in the distant west with a waning roseate . ' light. _ . ?" . . ' Put neither shadow nor vision, nor mystical presence was there, Jfought save the shimmer or leaves broke the calm . of the garden fair; From the' solemn darkening woods came the curlew's murmuring plaint, The languidly soft summer breeze was laden with wattle scent. I leant my head on my hands and unused for a long hour's space, The years that were dead arose with their long .buried beauty and grace, The tender light of a vanished love shone again V with its early truth, _ To the silent room came back the fond hopes of " , my passionate youth. . . Like an oasis gleaming afar to the weary . wanderer's eye, like an exile's dreams. of his home 'neath a dis tant alien sky, . . So the memories came in that hour of my first and only choice, ' The tiriliiuo clasp of a maiden's hand, the , " cadence sweet of her. voice. That music I dreamt should be mine through all the long wearisome strife, To- lighten thrpugh sunshine and gloom, - the blessing and joy of my life. It is hushed for ever and qye, and.thousands . ot'leagues away ' ' . ? There's a little grave, with a simple stone, in a churchyard old and grey. . It happened so long ago, it seems at times like an inletale, . * . . > Told by soothing lips in childhood's hours, to still' ' a petulant wail. - ' But again it is keen and fresh, all the sorrow and wild regret.. , When the years seem'd a dreary blank, and I lived to repine and fret Bnt life's evening is closing fast, . and\the story is often told ' . \ , Of a city radiant' and blestj. whose' streets' are . ' paved with gold, ' Mayhap fronr the shining throng by whom those ? H '/ streets are trod, . ,. . Her Spirit fair stole- noiselK^y -here- to "beckon me ; , . home to God. 'T.'- - ' . \- m;c. Mount Gambier, May, 