("HY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.! THE DEBBY. The race for the .Derby waa run on Epsom Downe, about half-past 3, on May 29th. . Little more than five minutes after \- warda -(8.30 p.m., Bombay time)-Mr. Stacey, Superlnten dont of tho British-Indian Submarine Telegraph Company, courteously forwarded us the telegram, announcing the resalt, which was as follows t Cremorno ... ... ..vi . Brattier to Flurry .... ... ... a Queen's Messenger ... ... ... 8,..; . ? " Twenty-three horses ran. Thus, Mr. 8a\ Die's colt has proved himself the good horse which lils admirers who .stuck to him through thlak and thin always believed him to be ; and Maidment, the lucky " Churchwarden" jockey, hns scored another Derby to his credit. The discomfiture of Prince Charlie will surprise no ono who has given tho matter a thought, A " roarer" has never yet wou the Derby, and tho infirmity of the giant son bf Blair Athol is admitted even by his own stable. The " Blue Klbond" ls contested for this year, for the first time, on tho now course, and tho "prophets" linv-e all along pre- dicted that tho descent of the lull before reaching Tattenbam Corner would prove fatal to King Charlie's chance. Wo have not yet heard tho distance between the first and second horses, but lt would seem as If tho race has almost resulted In a surprise to backers and all concerned. The " dark" Brother to Flurry lias not oven been mentioned in tho betting-at lotst, remembering the case of tho Zephyr colt lost year, nor bv tliatname-and we can well imagine tho frantío excite- ment of. tile "bookmakers" during tho final struggle for vicU ry, aud how'crestfallen they would be on finding that tile rank outsider had had to succumb to what we might venture to aiy was the favourite. Brother to Flurry ran veiy well as a two-year-old, but it was never thought by those not lu the secret that he stood n ghost of a chance for the Derby. Lord Fuhnouth's colt. Queen's Messenger, was unbeaten till he ran third to'Prince Charlie tri the Two Thousand, and he has not disgraced himself by running Into a place in the Derby, Mr. Saville's good fortune will booordlnlly received by sportsmen ¡ hots ono of tho most honourable of racing men, and is tobo congratulated on winning lils first Derby, .-. 