A CORRUPT MINISTRY. THE Argus has the following serious indictment against tho late Daffy Government:- ???;,? .<? "Few, who.read Mr. Francis's speech will deny that he sheets home to the Duffy Administration several charges ,of jobbery-and corrupt administration. We have already given particulars of the improper insertion of advertise ments ;in a paper called the Times and Mines.' It appears that as the circum stances of the late Government grew more desperate tbe^subsidies to this influential organ became.more lavish-r the proofs of their tender regard for its welfare having been of the most touching nature daring the last week or _so of their troubled existence. Some of our readers may bo aware that a certain sum. is placed on the Estimates aud granted by Parliament for adver-^ tising. r.The.amount for .this year has long ago'been expended,-and?the fund's to meet the claims of the proprietors of this friendly print were taken out of .the Treasurer's advance without .any legislative authorisation whatever,. Apparently, however, this is not the only paper that "the late Government delighted to honour in this way, for Mr. Francis tells ;us .that, the amount expended during' the -past twelve months in advertising will very much exceed the usual limits. Assuming, however, ? that ?the favours of Mr. Duffy's Administration were; strictly confined to the Times and, Mines alonei, the conduct of its members in this matter was of the most nefarious and corrupt description. Money was taken out of the public purse, in the most barefaced and illegal manner, for the purpose of providing the Government with a party organ. Really the cirr cumstances of the case are such that Parliament will fail most egregiously in its duty to the public if it pass the matter over without instituting the most searching inquiry, and, if possible, bringing the offenders to justice. Expulsion from the House and the society of all honest men would not be too severe a punishment for such conduct. I But it was not in a newspaper only that the late Ministry took a paternal interest'. Mr. Duffy and his colleagues appear to have been filled with solici-' tude for the pecuniary well-being of a certain legal gentleman, to wit Daniel Abraham Hughes, Esq., barrister-at law, &o.; This favoured individual, who haunted the Law Offices like a rapa cious ghost, and attended the Attorney General almost more constantly than bis shadow, has been dipping his hands into the Treasury lately to an extent which will considerably astonish some of those innocent gentlemen who persist in believing in the honesty of the. persecuted saints , who have just been driven from office by a malignant . Opposition. Mr. Daniel Abraham Hughes has received during the last three months £1018 on account of bills which -ho has to draft-when he could find time, we snppose. At all events.he has not found it convej. nient to finish them as yet, although', as we have stated, he has drawn : money against them with commend able promptitude. As they will probably not bo wanted now, Mr. Hughes will be under the painful necessity of returning £1048 to the national exchequer, and although we have not tho slightest doubt that be will hasten to do so with all reason able speed, we submit that the pay ments were scarcely in order in the first instance. If all tho Government accounts were settled in advance in this confiding manner, we fear that some loss would occasionally accrue to the state. Of course Mr. Hughes jWilLafc once refund ; ? but. then;.~all :raen .'might : not bo r'sof scrupulously , correct in their doalings. Bills appear to have been drawn-up on,a somewhat carious principle nnderh'Mrr Walsh's" regime. Take the Mining', on Private Property Bill, or Royal 'Mines "Bill as" it was grandiloquently .styled. : It was in: the'first place given to, Mr. Trench, but-that gentleman apparentlyigrow weary of the subject, and after drawing £1-70 or; thereabouts, refused,,, to. .have, anything further to do with it. It was teen taken in hand by Mr. Atkins, who managed -to get as.- far ;ass£269.-' before finally abandoning it to its fate. Last of all, as might have-ibe'ens-ex-: pected, it got into the clutches of the omnivorous Hughes, who did as>much to it as he could afford- .to do. for £210. However, to do him justice, he did produce a'measure of some.sorjt, which, is more than cau be said for the two other gentlemen,-. but,it-;was- drawn so roughly- that the''printer's bill" for" alterations-was Something appalling. The original cost of setting-up-this production of-.Mr. Hughes's.gonius was £22 / vl8s. r 6d., Abut ...his'--'.alterations amounted .to':'£112 6s.'6d.-: In fact, the total< cost of the Royal-Mines-Bill was_betweenr'£700 and £800, and the .publics-will be gratified to- hear that in1 Mr. Wilberforce Stephen's opinion, it is not worth: the paper it is'printed'onr The sum voted: by Parliament for pro fessional assistance'iu the;Crown Law department was £1500 ; the expendi ture "will amount to about £<i<500. Messrs. Walsh and' Spensley's profes sional friends have cost the country dear." ' 