THE TRUE METHOD OF EDUCATION. A lecture w«s delivered on this subject' in the Towu Hall oa Monday evening Mr. James Smish, the chair being occupied by Mr. Jvoss. Mr. Smith coinmeuced by saying that the present notion of education was to pour something into the human brain instead of evolving something out of it— to fill it in fact with other men's idea3— to make it a dust heap instead of a gar den. People who took this enormous view of education found the work of teaching laborious and unfruitful, whereas, if they would bat work harmoniously with nature, the result wonld be a delightful one. If nature were taken lias the model, the theories of standards of education .and payment by results would soon be done away with. He would submit to the reason of his audience the true method of education, and would beg them to weigh and sift what was put before them after they had laid aside preconceived opinions and time-honored prejudices. No man hoped for a harvest without sowing the seed, and so it was with the human mind. They Bhould look for instruction and example to nature, for the human plant and the vegetable were analogous. Plants according to their variety required different soils and situations, and nature tolerated no interference with or transgression of her laws. As great a difference existed between one human mind aud another as between a hollyhock and a rosebush as between a vine and the weeping willow. It would be seen, therefore, how erroneous, and in many instances destructive, it was to have one system of education for a«l ininds. Nature was the benignant teacher who held out an open volume, so that all who can might read. If this simple truth were only apprehended, human beings would regard the present functions of instruction as being fraught with foily, Schoolmasters and university authorities are content to place 50 or 100 human plants in a common forcing frame, to water the soil with artificial manure, and to expose them in seasoa and out of season to the fierce rays of a burning sun. Some of the plants succumb early/others arrive at a sapless' youth or a weak middle life, but few grow up under the so-called system of mental culture. A look into nature would teach the schoolmaster that one form of culture does not suit all minds, and as no two minds are similar* each requires a teperate study, a specific mode ot cultivation. How is it that education is repulsive to the young? In nature a flower is not 6een avoiding the sunshine or the shower, but then the gardener does not drench it with artificial manure, or expose it to the glare of unseasonable heat. This is, however, done to the human miud, and contrary to express teachings of common sense. One of the necessary conditions of vitality was a liealthy; spine, and yet the primary action of the schoolmaster went to cripple the spine, by making his pupils sit so many hours a day upon a hard form in bad atmosphere, while the brain was stimulated by food loathsome in flavor and innutritiiious in quality. The result of this system of education was that many a precocious child was destroyed, and many entered upon life with enfeebled brains and crippled spines. Young people thus had a craving for ex- • citement, dram- drinking, tobacco-smok • ing- They married, and transmitted to their offspring a deteriorated nervous system. If it were known that in our educational institutions the master sought to cripple the pupils by breaking their legs and arms, public indignation would be aroused, tout the crippling of the. mind was fostered by Government and acquiesced in by the people. The dedestruction to limb was only felt for a time and wasuot heeded when the human being was distributed into water, carbonic acid and ammonia. The injury to the mind lasted for ever. The child was not only hindered in this life, but its progression was returned in the next. No child ought to be entrusted to a hireling instructor until it had reached the a^e of ten years. Every mother guided by maternal love was able to educate her offspring up to that age. It was the mother's happy privilege to instruct the young during the most plastic period of their lives. The study of ihe early lives of the greatest benefactors of our race, of the luminaries in philosophy, art, science", literature, statesmanship' geographical discovery, will show what an insignificant portion of them owed any part of their mental growth and development even nominally to schools or universities. These, as at present constituted, choke up the mind and destroy its natural fertility. They fill it with other men's ideas, and prevent the springing up of original thought. The mind should be a fountain, * not a reservoir, and -yet confessedly there was nothing so rare as originality in these modern times of multiplied books, intellectual cramming, and universal mediocrity. Modern England with its twenty-five millions and America with its thirty-eight millions of people produced fewer original minds than Athens with its 50,000 free men. Even those who pass for original thinkers now-a-days are in many instances undetected copy-? ists, cunning plagiarists, and servile imitators. Shakspeare was taken at an early age from school to help in his father's household. Bunyan was an unlettered tinker?" Byron was cured from brain distortion ly an attack of scarlet fever which necessitated his removal frpm school, and Scott owed his early fsse&em; to a similar cause. Burns ow«& Snore to the old woman who talked of ghosts and brownies than to the schoolmaster. Hogarth and Gainsborough neglected their studies to sketch and scribble. 1 he first principle of knowledge as defined by the ancients was, "know thyself," The disciples of Socrates and Plato learned to know themselves, and discovered the imperative necessity of obedience to the laws of their being; and in that obedience found perfect happiness.- Contrast the: education of the ancient Greek witV that existing in modern England* - if Socrates, Plato, Epaminondas, or ThemistocleB r were to revisit .the jearth, there could be no doubt what would he their reception. What smart leaders would4)e written to prove 4;haV4hey were dreamers, and benighted opponents of the modern march of enlightenment, iii which everybody knows everything, and society, feets -up a self-complacent bray over ^wn jomnis&ence.; What feequent paramphs srould be projected f«tfh tlfe -Mly^nT "weekly popguhs against the foolish Innovators for presuming to assert that iiafare 5^ laws were >laer than m&hfe; There were isome, iowever, who Rejected ^heidead food put into .their mouths^&nd; Tvho smashed f^-^ 1?^ isRecta§eB- metaphorically nsAtffiEb but wlio were generally tha shine when they had leftTl, 63 to , whose intellect budded and S 9 ' an * when they had escaped the'tl,^0111^ the pedagogue. T& these things taught that there thing radically~ wrong i^Tx.^8 the 8om e , system of education, 0ur present schools full of boys and girls done are to because the teacher refuses to if eat^ ledge a healthy spine as one of tlH « " requisites of life. The lunatic asyl^ were filled with those wW could be attributed to the S e ^ lation of the cerebral organT^' school-room. They should get WW 9 nature as soon as possible, and no L pride or expense should hinder from returning to the right principCS education. Bodies should S ? crammed nor minds either The work of the teacher was to evolve « I educe the mental capacities of the • tellect—to make it secrete ideas inn* pendent of men who lived and died w. ago. He concluded by honing S" words he had spoken woutd° W practical and fruitful actio n.—^. 