TEE THEATRE ROYAL. MISS EVANS AS HAMLET. Miss Rose Evans took a "benefit" at the Theatre Royal last night, and played Hamlet. We dislike to see a woman in a male part at any time, and nothing but the severest consciousness of capacity should induce a woman to.attempt a character so endeared by tradition and illumined by criticism as Hamlet It is the unhappy custom in America for women to essay Hamlet and Romeo as a sort of diversion from tho regular business of singing chamber- maids or bigamist heroines of melodrama, and Miss Evans, with that spirit of imperti- nent desperation which characterises her, has chosen to challenge criticism by a perform- ance of this nature. We do not purpose to analyse tho acting, or to add our pebble to that great critical cairn which has already been erected over the dust of Hamlet. The performance of Miss Evans was-from an ¡esthetic point of view-benoath contempt. She gave one or two "new readings"-as per- nicious and useless as most "newreadings" are -and played with intense vigour and'eourage, but she has literally no conception of the character, regarding it, as it seemed to us, just as she would regard a " part" by Watts Phillips or Tom Taylor, and " making" her "points" with the easo of long stage ex- perience. As an artistic rendering of one of the most complex and difficult characters portrayed by a great master of human nature, the acting of Miss Evans must be considered as more than indifferent. Had she been a man, in fact, we could class her as a tbird-rato actor; but remembering that she isa youngwoman of delicate physique, we think it right to say that her performance is a very remarkable and clever one. She was letter-perfect in the text, played with elegance and ease, conserved her voice and strength until the last, and committed no breach of dramatic propriety. That she had no con- ception of the meaning of the character sho impersonated was clear ; but as an effort of industry and artificiality her performance has claims to admiration. For it establishes her as a clover woman, though not likely to raise her reputation as a trustworthy and modest actress. She was called beforo the curtain at the end of each act, and at the conclusion pf the play thanked tho audiences of Melbourne for their "kind appreciation" of her efforts. Mr. Coppin mutilated Polonius in his usual manner. Miss Bushe, as the Queen, spoke the words set down for her with accu- racy. Mr. Monro'a Laertes was a fair per- formance. Miss Docy Stewart's Ophelia is familiar to a Melbourne audience. She has lost nothing in capacity of representing the part since her absence. The most artistically delivered speech of the evening was tbo prayer of tho King by Mr. Collier. This gentleman is an earnest and careful elocu- tion ist Mr. Claremont playod the Ghost, and if he had not called his brother an "adul- terate" beast, wo should have liked him better. Adultery and adulteration are not synony- mous. Tbo performances concluded with the farce of the "Two Gregorios." 