" PEEPING TOM '' AND HAMLET TO THE SPORTING EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. '' Thou com'st in such a questionable shape." -HAMLET. Sir,-I feel, and keenly, that I should have to address you on this oocasion. I wrote a letter to a contemporary a fortnight ago in justification of the opinion I held of the colt Hamlet, his later running at Randwick having proved that my estimate of him, as the grandest colt the colony ever produced, was correct. The Australasian of last week, however, makes it necessary that I should call atten- tion to a mean and malignant paragraph in "Augur's" "Turf Gossip" and a letter signed "Hamlet's Ghost," seemingly emanated from the same pen. I do not intend to bandy words with an individual who would descend to use the columns of your paper to traduce his predecessor in office, and take advantage of a private conversation with yourself-how he got it you best know-and unfairly put it before the public, for the purpose of misre- presenting me. But in answer to your own leading article which appeared the previous week, and where you say " it is only justice to our former contributor to state that he all along believed in Hamlet; has from the earliest appearance of the colt on the training ground expressed his confidence in the colt's one day proving himself a great horse. But whilst giving him credit for his judgment we must at the same time express onr surprise at the ignorance which prevailed respecting the condition of Hamlet when he ran in the spring." Having seen Hamlet perform in a most unaccountable manner at Randwick previous to the Melbourne Spring Meeting-one day doing a most extraordinary trial gallop, on another only running third for the Derby behind Javelin and the Prophet; a few days after giving The Prophet 6lb., beat- ing him in a canter, carrying his jockey in his mouth; then running nowhere for the Metro- politan; and finally showing his great speed and endurance in the Queen's Guineas-I then thought that Hamlet was a certainty for the Victorian Derby. Mr. Dowling took very good care that no one should see his colt work in the interim until he appeared at Flemington, where he ran his trial gallop, and pulled up sore, as I publicly stated in your colnmns. But as Mr. Dowling had apprised his friends that Hamlet was a stone better horse than he was at Randwick, and as Morrison, who that morning rode him, informed me that he thought he could win, I naturally came to the conclusion, knowing the colt's inherent goodness, that he was the best horse in the Derby. Three days before the memorable Champion Race won by Flying Buck, that colt could not walk out of his stable, he was so stiff and sore. Three days before the equally memorable Champion Race won by The Barb, the demon, after taking his trial gallop, was so bad that it was all that his trainer could do to get him back to his box. I could mention many other instances of the same thing, but these are enough. It takes years of experience to judge of a horse's condition, or his abilities; and having raced and trained my own horses for nearly a quarter of a century, I have long since come to the conclusion that, because a good horse may pull up sore, or even lame, one day, it is no reason why he should not run well on another. When you, Sir, and "Augur," have served such an apprenticeship, perhaps you may be able to realise the same strange incon- sistencies in a horse's running. I have only to say, further, that it was a most unfair breach of confidence to publish that I was the very first to throw Hamlet overboard. I wrote not one word on the subject but a few days previous to the Rand- wick Meeting, in a conversation I had with yourself in a private capacity, you informed me that you thought The Prophet would win the St. Leger, as " Orange Blossom " had written so. I answered that " Orange Blossom " was wrong, for both Javelin and Hamlet could easily beat him at the weights; when you remarked that Hamlet was an unlikely starter. Now upon this information I backed Javelin to win; but on the day of the race, hearing from a more reliable source that Hamlet was really going, I saved myself by backing him against Javelin; and one of the principal winners over the meeting, who was about backing The Prophet on the tip of The Australasian, was influenced by Mr. Filgate and myself to put his money on Hamlet. These are the facte, Sir; and I could produce other evidence to show the utter unreliable- ness of other matter in the Ghost's letter, but having treated the public to a perusal of it, I trust that, in common fairness, you will also publish this answer. -Yours. &c-;, PEEPING TOM. ["Peeping Tom" is in error in supposing that "Augur" and "Hamlet's Ghost" are one end the same individual. We do not remember any private conversation with "Peeping Tom." but assuming it to be the case, it has nothing to do with the remarks of either "Augur" or "Hamlet's Ghost". We hope that when "we have kept our own horses nearly a quarter of a century, and served such an apprenticeship" as "Peeping Tom," we shall not have made so many mis- takes as he has done during his career. We do not profess to have seen quite so much colonial racing as " Peeping Tom " has, but we think we have been a little more in the old country. -SP. ED.] 