STOCE EE POETS'. ALBDET, August 18 T Uessrt. MOOBI & WAUBB report:— FIT Oinxs:—Prime cattle are in good demand •till, but difficult to obtain; pricea'consequently continue firm. We quote—Bullocke, L6 to L7 10s, if really good; oowe, 10s to L6. Our sales are 130, mofltIybullbckft,at market rtilee. FAT SHEEP.—Few offering just now, and prices, in consequeuee, are good. As shearing progresses, however, we anticipate full supplies, and as a mailer of course, considerable reduction in pricea. We quote— prime wethers to Its t ewea, to lis. STOBB CATTLE.—Tbe&e;' are still in demand, but buyers hesitate about operating at the extreme rates in piany inatancea asked, t attle in forward conditiou would,meet with ready sale, but there are few offering. We qu6ie^-J3ullocks, of good fattening ages, from L4 to L5,1f of really good quality j superior cows, to L4>. WsJuve aome vary good lota now under offer, and hope soon to report sales. STobm SBEEP.—litis claaa of stock is almost impossible to obtain. The near approach of shearing >ut a etep -to -ail sales iu the wool; • the enquiry, towever, is as great as ever. Quotations—wether^ 8g f 6d to lOe €d ; others, eooording to quality. HOBBES.—There has beeq a good demand for these for the Iudian market—good stamp of horses meeting with teedy eale at good prices. We have eold60.head of first-class horses tor different_ownerfl at very eatia* factory prices. BEECHWOETH, Wednesday. Messrs 3. H. OBST & Co. report ea follows :— FAT CATTLE.—We aold for Mr Thomas Mitchell, Tangamfcslanga, 87 head—bullocks, £J lis to £9 Ss; cows, £4 15s to £7 10*. 1*1 head from ilunudi. bidgee station—bullocks, £7 2s 64 to £10 12s 6d ; eo«-«^7»Sd to £7 12s (3d. £2 head for Mr Street, Baranduda—bullocks, £6 to £7 2s 6d; cows, £5 5s to £6 6s. Three coirs for Mr Stephens, at £5 IOj. Fj,T Cij-vsa.—Seven from £2 to £3 2s.. FAT SHEEP.—970 wethers from Mr Hackay, Wellandoon, at IFII 6d. TEE^VIBE M JIXDEBA.—The' inquiry touching the rieatruulHm of a hut -at Jindera, by fire, tire property of James Kelly,' terminated kith the following verdict;That the ..property,- tbe subject of this enquiry, 1 1 am of opinion was burnt down by Martin Luskie; against whom an information should be laid for this offence, and warrant issued. Luskie was then apprehended, atid brought before the Court, but remanded until- Tuesday next. THE OTHME REEFS.—We have to correct an error in our last issue, as to the yield from the Ouruie reefs. The result ahould have been, from 160 tons crushed, a return of'nearly Sot. to the too. LOYAL ALBCUT LODOE, I.O.O.F., M.U.—At the nsual laeetiag of the abova Lodge, held oil the 12th instant, the election of officers for the ensuing eix months look place, resulting in the appointment of Bro. Thorojd as G.M.; Bro. Uadiue, A'.G.; Bro. Lamplough, V.G.; Bro. Sparrow, Secretary ; Bro. Uufiga, Lecture Master. We understand that the Lodge is in a flourishingcondition, scarcely a meeting taking place without an accession of new members, and at present is tlie largest lodge in the Ooulburn District, with which it is connected. We boar that it if contemplated by the members of this lodge to endeavour to form a new district in Kivenna, owing to the tnany inconveniences arising from its distance from Ooulburn, and a Committee Las been appointed to capy. put tbis,object. jt ^ expected that Lodges will shortly be established in Wodonga, Corowe, Ten Mile Creek, Howlong, and other towns in the Riverine district. TOE lion, the Chief Secretary has appointed Thursday oett as the day upon which be will receive a deputation representing local bodies, who desire to bring under the attention of Mr Francis certain nutters oonaeeted with the Wines, Beer and Spirit Sale Statute. TflE cold in Melbourne wee ao iutense en Friday night last, and the driving sleet and hail rushed along ao in furiously a* to kill a large number of tninah birds in the suburbs; twenty dead birds of this species were found ,{liis:mortziag voder aome trees on the top of Richmond-hill, where they have been in the habit of roosting.^—Melbourne Herald. AltolarxasiiCKof opinion existing touching certain' matters connected with the proposed establishment of a Indies' bath at St. Eilda, the Hon. the President of the Lands Department visited the locality of the beach laurfy, to judge from actual observation at to what should or should not be. Ur Casey purp'oses leaving the professional aide of the question to be dealt with by Ur Hodgkinaoti, Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Surrey, and as he is -favorable to the project of establishing * bath, matters may be eoothed down to the .satisfaction of alt parties concerned. THE OKM and Murray Advertiser is responsible for the following uaprecented " spiritual manifestation " Strange things occasionally take place at the spiritist Jwasees, stranger even than Mr Xyerman earea to unfold. Amongst tlie many pranks performed by the "spirits," the last recorded is by far the,most rude, and it certainlr aays little for the delicacy of feeling possessed jby l&eefi; disembodied gently. At a recent teance held in the vicinity of the metropolis, while the members of the " circle" were anxiously waiting for'adme message of deep import from the unknown world, a certain>ery'useful piece of furnitur^- which siali be nameless, «ame down plump in the very centre of the table, to the consternation and cesn'del of the ladies Jorioiag a portion of the 'circle.'".,, : w PflpfOssc.ISTEEYINOKAE BOAT RAOE NR 1873- —The committee of the Balmain Regatta have decided upon tranimilliDg~nivlt»Ubns by the mail, through, theiob.- secretaries cf -tlrt tiondon Howing CJub,_and of tbe Atalanta Rowing Club, New York, to tbe-oaraman of Qreat BriUin and of tbe United 8UMa it tend rejJreaentative" erewa : to take part in a grand International Gig Race, to eome off onaorfebgwt the AkuKaveober 18TS, ia Sydney liar, bowr,: jTite ootntnitteeguaraGtoe a prize of Australian . trapJuu-of tbe value of L200 starling, and to give a ehqaa fyr- lfO Mwfrdt the expenses of >n English amateur crew, and the Mate amount, in aid of the expenses of the frewfrom the United 8utet. If these aputljid prapoaalr ahoul'd lead to the ' appearance amongst as of picked crewi from tbe two countries to oo«ipriearl9itbechampions of the ae vera I colonies, tha evaatr«aoU .ba indeed a red letter day in our aquatic calendar, and they would, it ts oredleaa to aay, receive an enthusiastic weloome.—S. Jt, Herald. M*. BaTi ta ON <ria SOBDEB Dcnta.—Great pnUia disaatiafactioo having been created by tbe Polios Magistrate's reply to Mr Parkas, with reference to public feeling lwe on tbe Border dutias question, the following'letter has'been prepand, eontradioting on behalf of the public Jir* Baylis'e extraordinary atatement t—" Sir,—W^ the undersigned, resident* of Wagga Wagga, baring observed in tha Fvliamentaiy report of the Sydney Moniiy Serali of tlie 1st inst,,a sutempptjtha} Mr £aylis, tha Police, Magistrate, in reply to your inquiry what his deliberate jot two persona "ifho aawhed to think it popular to declaim against tbe Borderijqties, in his opinion public feeling jrAar3blrtct tnu otie : utter indifference .on the euhjecl,' deem ,it . our duty to contradict bis atatecent j and, on tlie oontrary, to' assert that a very atrfpg "ding 'a aettlement of tbe <question in acoordsnoe witti either of your propoaals'. WiTtJulS Tufther'afaTe" th'st the reason - why no outward dtffmfttfanrfi, fuqh .fueluig bsd^iaen msde •raa entirely owing to Uie_faot that tbe jiistiea of our case, being ao ifully reiognised liy the people of this ingidedxilibejieve tbst ths eettlamant oT<(lM qn«stion -4ki Sinlj' AtnatWr if ViBiiS.- We msy ^au^JuuiiAil lii-jJ-y^ wtminr esnsider tfie'-question. me ^smivik l^'raMtbH&m; to the M l i e w •t ^aOoart'houia'tffi^e'ltilns^hli'wtenwaolu. tions were hara been forwarded to MgtieS by most of4b» I*olQ^Wde^ ot XCT townl and wUl be forwarded WITH tbe expiration of the present session we shall trust to have laid our ghost, or to have consigned to the spot where the weary are at rest, the remains of the offspring of our affection—the Border Duties Convention. It was never very strong, and its tender infancy was shamefully abused; its BETSY PEIOO of a nurse utterly indifferent to our parental estimate of the value of her piecious charge; the whole of her small faculties, in fact, absorbed in denunciation of the doctor. We may hope, without pursuing our simile farther, that the all-enduring FKEUIER may gain an accession of philosophy during tbe recess, and may have learned, on bis return io the House, to adorn his position with that dignity which an old saying has ascribed as the general concomitant of otium. His latest conspicuous effort,—may this condemnation of it be our last—the attack on nominees, was one of spleen, which lost all force, inasmuch as the facts on which it based itself were shown to have no foundation. Doubtless he would have no Upper House ; iu his view its position may be an anomaly, and its power and necessity a mere farce. We do not care to discuss the matter, it is an accomplished fact; and as every logician haB it for a prominent point in a treatise on logic, presumption is altogether in favor of existing institutions, and on those who would abolish them falls the onus of proof. The cause of this effort was not perhapB that alleged by pious JENEAS as that of his sufferings—the " spreta injuria foraue; it was, doubtless, more prosaic, and simply chagrin at the non possibility of resort to the swamping process. Such displays are weak, and it might have occurred to the SPEAEEB that if this could not be resorted to in face of the " imperative instructions " of the Secretary of State, that official, or his mouthpiece here, might also have an imperative voice in such a case as that of the resolutions had they passed. Public expectation will perhaps be on the qui vitc as to the attempted execution of the hou, member's concluding threat in regard to the re-construction of the upper chamber. Our regard in the matter is-that in the introduction of a measure for placing that House on an elective basis, aad in the inevitable prolonged discussions upon it, the major portion of the session may be wasted, and the 'business of the whole countiy suffer. It may not be exactly a consolation to us in such a case to show that others suffer with ourselves; such answer would be far from the trae point, the oecessity of such a .condition of things. But, if the past afford any criterion by which to judge, we may think that farther reflection will demonstrate the folly and inutility of such an attempt; even did it really take place, we may rest assnred of its meeting the fate of its pusillinamous predecessors. There might be danger even in such procedure; to ourselves, the cohesion cf bis party does not appear as very strong, and it would not be surprising to us if at some crisis, wherein it would be especially necessary that the white plume of the fitful leader should be " to the fore,"—as onr Hibernian friends have it—he should be missing, and discovered by his adherents after an agonising search, sulking—after the manner of the Jung .of gods and men—on tbe far jesounding shore. It is only on such occasions as these that we realise the blessing that lies in the doctrine of compensation. We must, however we may suffer, avoid the being captious, as to doery the undoubted right,-legal and constitutional, of the Upper House would be. Pushed to extreme tha exercise of such right might be, but this was far from meriting that denunciation which the PSEMIBB meant to be withering, but which: was only foolish. The case was an error of judgment perhaps, and one that we may regret. But had it not been for this error our compensation that we may now hope for would sot bars arrived, for no approach even to the settlement of the Border Duties would have been made this session. Even yet, while more confident, we do not feel wholly 'assured of our man. But unless now promply settled to our satisfaction, we have an .ultugainm which we should do well to consider and submit. Were we to place that ultimatum sharply before the dilatory leader of the Souse we might find our account ia it. For the present, and for a while longer, we must perhaps continue in the " watch and pray " attitude. But, iu tbe mean time, we should, if anything, feel rather indebted than otherwise to the Upper House for its action— that is from conclusions arrived at regarding the PaBtOEB'e good faith in tbe matter—from an attentive consideration of bis conrse from the outset. It has unwittingly followed a good old .border method, adopted by the housewives of the. ABMBTBONOS and ELLIOTS as a loving bint'to the bead of the house; and the Pas- ^cibb may be -imagined as like JoHNKy sitting "own to the ardently longed-jor dish, and, Hhout-or with the customary "for what we aboutt to ^receive " formula, lifting tbe cover, when lo!—a pair of spurs. 