CAPTAIN DBNISON'S AFFINITY. ; By Justin M'Carthy. Caplain Hugo Charles Deniaon was a genuine Briton. Ho wbs a young man oi good heart, good abilities, more tliaii average oulture, and very Bhy and (onnal manners. After the oloso of the American civil war ho came out to the United States, fo'.lowing a stream of his countrymen, anxious to got, for the first time, some actual ond gemrnn knowledge about the extraordinary rcpublio which had so strangely disturbed one of tho British Philistine's cherished articles of faith by refusing to hurst up according to all sonnd prediction and intu'.tivo perception of British Philistinism. Now our captain was not by nature or training a Philistine; but ho had some of the Phi'istine's prejudices about him, and ho was especially settled in his mind as to the sphere aud the duties of woman. Captain Hugo Drnison hated tho very mention of woman's rights, His idea of a well-bred and ladylike woman was that of a gracoful and dignified person who rarely spoke, and when sho did speak, uttered only some becoming commonpiaco, in whioh no investigation could detect an idea, and with \- which acrimony itself could not desire to quarrel. In faot, the properest thing a woman could do was to do nothing — or as little as possiblo— certainly to do nothing out of the common. A woman. of conversational talent, displaying hone- ely her capacity, our captain wonld have set down in much the same category as a ballet-girl displaying her legs. In faot, no matter how useful or oharming a woman's talents might be, thny were, in Captain Denison's estimation, liko her lower limbs, to be kept always from tho public observation. Of course Captain Denison knew that, when visiting tbo United States, he would he likely, some time or other, to meet somo of the fair advocates of tho rights of women. Indeed, he had something liko a timid and . morbid curiousity about them, as one has about seeing a ghost or a mangled body. Ho dreaded yet wished to meet a few of tho creatures. He took it for granted that thoy all wore trousers, aud — well, let us say ex pectorated. Captain Denison saw a little of the outer and inner life of two or three of the Eastern States, and was, like most Englishmen of any 'Observation, a little disappointed on finding how very like the inner lifo, at least, was to that of Anglo-Saxon cities across the \- water. His letters of introduction brought him into tho society of steady- going, respec table, mildly fashionably persons, who were in the habit of visiting England pretty often themselves, and had English ways about them. Captain Denison Bat at many dinner- tables in New York whioh were splendid and £uiot and formal and stupid enough even for ondon. On general subjects the opinions he heard expressed quite coincided with his own, ond ho now thought ho clearly under stood why the Northern States were great in war. "They aro just like ourselves," Denison said to himself, with satisfaction and pride. Sometimes the question of woman's rights was broached, and Captain Denison found that on this auhj cfc, too, his own views were exactly those of the people with whom ho commonly mixed. Women who talked of their rights were necessarily coarse, vulgar, hard, indecent, and unsexed creatures. None of his friends had ever met any of them, only saw something about them in the newspapers. In fact, though every one seemed to have a clear and decided opinion about the appearance and character of these women, yet tho women did not ; seem to bo visible in any place on whioh tho sunshine of society ever shone, and Captain Denison began to set them down as a race of . beings who led a subterranean existence, or only camo out at night, and in dark, mysteii- ons places. Please don't set down Captain Denison as a fool or a prig. He was neither ; hod not a gleam of the nature of either in his composi tion. He was only an able and well-read man who had had but limited means of ob servation, and had clase prejudices and national prejudices. Ho had many long and "interesting conversations with Bome Ameri cans well qualified to instruct him, and ho was quite open to instruction on most sub. jects. One of the men he liked best and met ofteneat of late was Julius Wynter, a re tired merchant, who had a pleasant placo far away in tho country, whither he always fled when Now'York became hot and dull. Deni son mneh liked both Mr. and Mrs. Wynter, and found pleasure and profit in their sooicty. So when it came to be "the month of rosea," Captain Denison cordially accepted a pressing \- invitation to spend a few days with the Wyn- ters, at their country place somewhere among the mountains. A day was fixed, and the visitor received an elaborate carte du pays. He was to go a certain distance by steamer, then a certain distance by railway, and then a carriage was to meet him and convey him on to Falconwood, tho residence of his host and hostess. By some mischanoe Captain Denison failed to get the steamer at the right hour, and so had to take an evening boat instead of one starting at noon. Therefore, of course, the whole programme of bis arrival was deranged. When the Wynters' carriage came for him be was not there ; when he got out of tho rail way cars no carriage waited for him. Tho Wynters assumed that ho was not coming. Captain Denison stood, portmanteau in hand, at a low, half-finished railway station ; there was no one to receive him ; the day was hot, and Ealoonwood was six miles off. There was only one vehicle of any kind near the station when Denison got out, aod that waB a pretty pony carriage. Denison at first had some hope that it might prove to he the carriage of his friends, and to bo waiting for him, but it was not so, A yonng- l»<iy fiot out of the train and into tho car riago. 8he took the reins into her own hands from those of the black servant, who then went behind. A man of Captain Deni- son's -age never fails, in whatever perplexity, to look at a young woman, and Denison saw, that this was a petite, pretty, bright-eyed creature with delicately formed features and fair hair. Denison looked at the lady, the lady looked at him. He was evidently a stranger, and in some sort of a " fix j" and she de layed giving tho word of departure to her ponies. Our captain began to ask about the way to Falconwood, and tho possibility of getting a carriage to go there, over whloh proposal the functionary at the station shook his head doubtfully. The lady in the pony carriage heard the _ disoussion, and oalled out, in a clear ringing voice, just perhaps a little, a very little, sharp of tons : "Are you going to Falconwood, sir? A friend of Mr. Wynter's ? If so, I am going there, and shall be delighted to take . you." Denison too off his hat, thanked her, ex- plained- his position and his difficulty, and was of ooursa only too happy to accept her offer. Girls in the old land don't invito strangers to drive with them, even when in the country; and Captain Denison, grateful and glad though lie was, could not help thinking so. In this oase, however, the dif- fereace of manners waB so entirely to his advantage that ho almost approved of it. " Get right in, sir," the young lady en couragingly said. -Captain Denison aocepted the invitation, not without making a mental note of the "right in" -and the "sir," whioh are unfamiliar words under such cir cumstances in England. He got right in, and sat next the pretty girl. Really she was ery pretty, and even a stolid Briton — and Danism! was nothing of the sort— must have been glad to fit by her side. He offered, of course, to relieve her of the trouble of driving ; but sho deolared, first, that he didn't know tho way'; next that the road was not easy, and the ponies were somewhat unmanageable for a stranger; finally, - that sho had,, takon the,, reins from the" black "servant because she" spe cially liked rto" drive: So kho shook tho reins and they rattled away; and our Briton began to think his positiion at least as pleasant as it was docidcdly odd. Tho young lady had plenty of talk ; and hor talk was animated, original, and in teresting. Captain Denison, despite his recorded admiration of stately silence in women, found himself much delighted with tho .voluble vivacity of this young woman ; and, more than that, he began to bo quite pleased with himself and to recognise ' in . himself conversational resources tho ex istence whereof he had novcr before sus pected. Delicious wa3 tho day, tho. at mosphere, tho tCiUC ; tho road lay through a beautiful country, through woodland green as that of his own Devonshire, through tho foliage of codar and tulip-tree and hickory and oak. His companion pointed his atten tion to every spot that was specially beauti ful, had something interesting to say about this glado and that brook and yonder houso among the trees, and had questions to ask of him about England's trees and landsoapo and social lifo, which she had not yet seen ; and the conversation never flagged. In England Captain Denison always found it a heavy ordeal to have to talk to girls. Something or other brought up an alluBion to woman's rights, and Captain Denison hastened to express his profound and proper contempt for ail such unfeminino nousenre. " Have you mot any of our leading women — those who advocate women's rights, I mean?" asked the young lady, glancing curiously at him, with an odd expression in her bright eyes. " Not I ; no. Nobody meets them, I be lieve. They are all dreadful creatures." Ho waxed quite eloquent in denouncing thom. "And you, who talk in thiswav, are go ing to bo Mrs. Winter's guest ! Don't j ou know that Mrs. Winter is a whole-souled sympathiser with the wrongs of her Buffering sisters — I think that is the correct phrase — yes, of her suffering sistere 1 ' "Didn't know, I'm sure. I hope sho is not anything of the kind." . " Past hope, sir ; she is. I should not wonder if sho had several distinguished re presentative women to meet you 1" "Oh, pray don't." "YeB, I think it quite likely. I fancy X hoard something about a convention in the village yonder, but I don't quite recollect the date. This is Mr. Wynter's place. Is it not a oharming p'aee ? The servant had got down and flung open the gate, and the carriage drove up a beau tiful avenue and on to a lawn. The houBe, which stood upon the lawn, and from tho " stoop" of which one hau glimpses of a lovely river, and of blue, distant bills, was a large, handsome, irregular, picturesque struc ture, all windows, veraudahs, gables, por ticoes, and trellises, flaming with bright, creeping plants Mr. and Mrs. Wynter had come forth, with the genial and hospitable wayB of the coun try, to receive their visitors at tho door. " I have brought you your friend," said the young lady, " aud now do pray mako ns acqnaintod, for I havo not yet the pleasure of knowing his name." " You aro always doing good of somo kind, Julia EsBlyn," said her hostess, as sho cordially kissed the girl ; and then the regular presentations were gone through, and soon after the party broke up, to meet again at dinner time. Captain Denison found that his pretty friend, Miss Julia EBslyn, was to bo a gueBt in the house for some days, at which he was greatly pleased. She sat next to him at dinner, and they renewed their conversation very agreeably. Suddenly Miss Esslyn, now addressing her hostess, who was at the other side of Captain Denison, said : "lam sorry to tell you, Mrs. Wynter, that Captain Denison has a worse than even British prejudice agaioBt the advocates of woman'B rights. He poured out great elo quence of denunciation against the whole movement and its champions as we came to-day." " We must have him converted," said Mrs, "Wynter, graciously. " He comes here at a very- fortunate time. I am happy to say, Captain Denison, that I expect tho honor of a visit from come of the most distinguished advocates of woman's suffrage dnriDg your stay here. I.thought yon would he glad to meet them." Captain Denison tried to mumble ont, " very happy, I'm Bure," and shuddered, and broke down. He forgot his alarm, however, in the en joyment of a delicious walk in the sbrnbbeiy, just at tho close of the beantifnl evening, with Miss Esslyn: Frank and fearless, like all educated American girls of ber class, she was easy, happy, and unconstrained in the company of this English stranger; and the English "stranger liked her society im mensely. Mr. Wynter joined them after a while, and Miss Esslyn returned to tho house. Wynter and his guest strolled and smoked through tho grounds, until it was quito dark, and then repaired to the drawing- room. It was but faintly lighted ; and Captain Denison on entering saw, as he thought, a small, stout man standing upon tho hearth rug, his baok to the fire-place. There was no one else but Mrs. Wynter in the room: When onr hero entered Mrs. Wynter rose and said : ' "I am .so glad you have come, Captain Denison, I wish to present you to a distin guished countrywoman of mine, one of the most celebrated advocates of justice to a trampled sex 1 Mrs. Carnifex Mango, permit .me to introduce to you Captain Denison, of the British army." Captain Denison bowed and trembled. He had calmly and with un shaking hand lighted a fresh cigar jnst before taking his place at the head of a Btorming party to assault the Redan ; his cool composure never once failed hiza through all the terrible trials of Cawn- pore ; but ho looked at Mrs. Carnifex Mango, and his eyes swam and his tongue cleaved to the roof of his month. (To be continued. ) 