'A'ltK BALLAD OF OARMILHAN. . Finst Part. At StraUimd, by tho Baltio Soa, Witlim the sandy bar, At snusct of a aummor'n day, ' Rmtlv for.sca, at anchor lay" The good ship Valdoinar. \- - The sunbeams dancctl upqn the waves,- - And played along her sido, _ - ' And tlmiugU.tlie cabm-wjndows streamed ; In vippies of golden light,' llmt seoined - Tlio ripplo of tho tiuc. \- Thiw sat tho captain witli his friends, Old skinpors brown and halo, VTa) suiokcd and grumbled o'er thoir grog; And talkctl of iceberg and of fog, , ' Of calm aud storm aud gulo. Ami ono was spinning a sailor's yarn About Klabotcrmnn, _ ' Tho Kobold of tlie sen 5 n sprite, lnrisiblo to mortal sight, Who o'er, tho rigging rain Sometimes ho hammered in tho hold, ' — Sometimes upon tho most, $oniotimcs abeam, sometimes abaft, - Or at the bows ho sang and laughed, Aud niado all tight and fast. . _ , ... He helped tho sailors at their work, . ; And toiled with jorin! din j He Itolpcd them hoist and reef tho soils, Ho holpcd thom stow tho casks juul boles,/ Aud heavo tho anchor iu. \- But woo unto the Iaxy louts, - - \- Tho idlers of tho crow ; Thoiu to torment, is his delight, ' And'wcary thom .by day and'mght, And pinch them blurit and bluo. And woo to him whoso mortal oyos Klabotcrmon behold ; _ lb is a certain sign of death I— Tlio cabin-boy hero held his broolh ; rrr: .. -TTft-fi>n.-liiA.hland Jiui-cold. j Second Past. Tho jolly skipper pai&ed; awhile, , And Uicn again bean ; . " There is a spectro ship," quoth he, ; <( A ship of the dead that sails tho seq, And is called tho Garinilhan. " A ehbstJy ship with a ghostly crew, ., te tempests sho appears ; » And before U10 gale, or against the gale. She sails without a rag of sail j Without a helmsman steers. " Sho hauuts tho Atlontio north and south, . But mostly tbo raid-seo, Where three great rocks rise bleak and bate Like furoacc- chimnoys in the air, » And aro called tho Chimneys Three. "And iU-betidc the luckless ship That meets tho Carrailhan ; Over her decks tho seas will leap. She must go down into tho deep And perish mouso and man. Tho captain of tho Yaldcmnr Laughed loud with menjr heart j — " I should liko to seo this ahip.'lsaid.ho. " I should liko to find thoso Chimneys Three, That aro marked down in tho chart. "I hove sailed right over the spot," ho said, 4' "With a good stiff breeze behind, When tho sea was blue, and tho sky was clear, You can follow my course by these pin-holes here, And never a rock could find." \ And then he sworo a dreadful ontl»," Ho sworo by tho Kingdoms Three, That should, lio meet tho Cannilhnn IIo would run hor9own although lio ran Right into eternity. t All this, while passing to and fro, The cabin-boy-had heard ; IIo lingered at tho door to hear, And drank in all with greedy ear, ' r :r And pondered ovcry word. - — Ho was a simple country lad, ' But"of a roving mind. <l 0, it must bo liko Heaven thought he, " Thcso far off lands to see, . , And fortune seek and find." Er ' But in tho fo'castlo when heard Tho mariners blaspheme, Ho thought of home, ho thought of God, And his mother undor tho churchyard sod, 1 And lio wished it wore a dream. One friend on board that ship had. lio; " Twos tho Klaboterman, Wlio saw the Bible in lite cheat/ And'inado a sign' upon his breast 1 \ AU ovil things to ban. Black.grmr.lliO- fikv._all black. all block: Tho clouds wero everywhere . Thcrc-was.aicelihg of susnonso . In naturo, a mystorious sense Of terror in tho air. '\\- And all on board the Valdomar Was still arstiU'could bo ;-1— Savo when tho dismal Bhip- bcU tolled As ever and anon sho rolled, And lurched into tho sea. ' r.- . . Eight bells ; and suddenly abaft, ' With i\ great rush of rain, Making the ocean wluto with spumo, In darkness liko tho day of doom, "On camo tho hurricane. Tlio lightning flashed from cloud to cloud. Ana tore the dark in two, A jogged flamo, a single jet Of wliito fire, liko a bayonet ' That ptcreed'hlroTcbnlls through. — - Then all around was dark again, . \- And blacker than before : ' But in tlmt single flaah"6f Ught : — The captain saw a fearful sight, And thought of the oath ho swore. For right ahead lay tho ship of the dead. The ghostly Canuilhan ; Her musts wore stripped, her yards were bare, \ And on her bowsprit, poised' n a»r> Sot tho Klabotcrmon. Her crew of ghosts were all on deck Or clambering up tlio shrouds j Tlio boatswain's whistle, tho captain's liaif, Were liko tlio piping of tho gale . Aud Uiunder in the clouds. And closo beside the Oarinilhan Thcro rose up from. the sea, ' As.from a foundered ship of stone, < Three bare and splintered masts-nloiie ; They were tho Ohimncys Three ! And onward dashed tho Valdomar, . . Aud leaped into U10 dark t "" — . A denser mistra colder blast; ' ' A little shudder, and sho liad passed . . \- Right through tho phantom bark. ' ' ' . . #. ' - ; Then suddenly thoro como.a shook, | Aud loudcrLiiau' wind or sca, ' A cry burst from the orqw oh deck, ; As sfio. dasiicd and crashed, a liopelera wreck, U|>6n the Ohimudys Thrco. j The storm and night were passed, the light ' To streak tho cast began, I Tlio eubin-boyrpickcd-un qt-seq, ! — : — — Survived tho wreck, anu only-lio— 1 — A — — To tell of tho Connilliau; . - . ; \- .Atlantic Monthly A Dutchman Tempbbanob Lkoturb.— I sail tall how it vos. I drunk mino beor ; don I put my hamLon mine hoad, and (lore vos ono paiu; den I put mlno hand on mlno'pody, ami doro vos anoder paiu ; don I puts, mioo band on my pocket and dors vos noiling. So ljine mld 'do dempo'raoco, Now doro is no pain in. mine. hend,and do pain In mino pody vos nl) gono avoy. I put miuo lioiid on 'mino bucket and dero vos dwcniiy dollar. So I stay inid do deraporancc peoples." 