SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE I QUEENSLAND BLACKS. \- f A private letter from the RevE. Fuller c missionary at Fraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswick, and published in the Brisbane t Courier, gives an interesting account of some native prejudices and superstitious c notions. The mother-in-law must not look upon her son in-law at any time; they believe that if she did be would go t mad, and would go and live in the bush, r like a wild man. Consequeotly, wheen they all come together to sing at school time, after being taught in the classes, I there is great coveritig of heads by the women who happen to have their sons-in law there, and you will see them" back ing " into their places in a most laugh aole manner. The son-iu-lave, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from his mother's gaze. The yooung man will not sit down on the same stool or bor, or, in fact, anywhere where a young woman has. been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young mloan will sicken and die. "So that we have one- form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentlemen. The shadow ofyoung women mnust not pass over the sleeping-places of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand uip into the air anid blow with their mouths toward the sun, in order to make the sutl go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel, near the mission, and enable them to go on board and get tobacco, biscuits, tkc., which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the "mnther'u tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their cus toame and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, &e.; They are firm believers in ghosts, atnd they assured me that there are plenty in this islard, and that thiey can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are fright eoed to go down to the creek at night tine. They believe that there is a devil (ouellong), but they ihave no idea of God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say.-That on this island, which is ablout 85 miles long by 1 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, sliand yet there are nio less thant 19 distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, iitroduced among them by white people have made such harvec among thertn that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almst obliterated; and like a few sheep left from many flucks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that tille has almost died out, the strong est Intali or the greatest bully " takes upon hitnself" to bu No. 1. Althlouh the aboriuines were not in the habit of. emok iog befire the arrival of the white ronlt, ye niow, since tobacco has been intro dluced, amwng them, they are great asnokers-ellt, women, atld children. 'Thery are cauoeihals; they eat the young lmenl wLhen they die, nid the young wilsuen, if they are fat. But cannibalism 0a nbt o0 preovaleit aionug thet neow as it was before the while man came. When a ipeaun dies tlhey sltin hint (old men and 'woment exemptedl); the ckit, is dried andt coLtedl about by utlo of the relatives t a nI cort of charm. 'I'the bones It! other parts I i the boidy are divided atlotng the kins- t folk. Somtetite us they burnt the body andt I c.u y the ashes about. 'lThecy believe tihnt toe spirits of the dead blocks cole up I tatd sooeittimes kill their eeleties. Thley .Unlrally shift their uisiup when one dies I tooong them. \YuWe hove a lnative doctor I late wbho, -they positively assert hai I Extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass,I ec., from natives that were sick; they a tieo tIflirm that he cal fly up like it bird, I soald that hejean go in the earth here tand cuetu out at saunto considerable distance n If', they also scy that they cannot kill I LiwU,-a ii that he will cover die. 