SAJSDlftjltStf CIRCUIT COURT. Tlits Sandhurst Criminal Sessions will commence this morning; His Honor tho Chief Juatico is to preside. The following is the calendar of prisoners awaiting trial John Milios. riot nnd assault. Wm. "Rearofj^?, r-iot anil ossault. Thoma3 liicketts, riot aim nssanlt. Vm. Soutliam, larceny as a balleo. Wm. Hy. Bowen, shooting at with ritent to do grievous bodily harm. Emily Bifchall, infanticide. John Ealing, utteting; ft valuelsa clietJUe.; Philip Apfol, fraudulently obtaining sciip by means of a valueless chequo (three charges). J. Ilope. stealing from the person. Charles Lucas alias Thompson, larceny. Cornelius Mullous, sliocp stealing. Adolphus Carter, litaUsUttgUteh Hy. M'liauglilin) nUtislatightor. Robert lCelly, indecent assault on a clr'd. llobort Wilson, larceny? John M'Naraara, larcony. MR. T. P. HILL AT THE ALBION HALL."-This cvoniiiff Mr. T. P. Hill will give the first of a Series of readings at the abovo hallt and the eritortalil mont promises to bo Sf a very Intdrestirig and iii stfictiva character. Sovoral tittvoltiea Vrill lie introduced into thill. sbriM)' aim JWo would par ticularly ball AHontlon to "General Stonewall JacltSon's march through Fredericktown"' and " A leap for life," both of which afford splendid scopo to a reciter such as Mr. Hill is. Tho other items on the programme aro well-known pieces,. and wo trust to see so excellent an entertainment well patronised. STARTING OP MiKfua COMPANIES'. ENGINES. This day, at thfcS d'blctcic, tho Hib.ornia Reef .tri bute, uolden-square, V/iil start thoit new planti aild at tile .^anio liour that of tho Sandhurst and Eaplbhawk pyrites Gold Extraction Company, Ja«ka3s Flat, will also be started. All share holders in both companies are invited to be present. COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT.-To-night a compli mentary benefit will be given in the Orderly Hooms Theatre to Mr. H. Stanley by tho members of tho dramatic company, and his friends will no. doubt muster around him on this occasion. Mr. Stanley introduced tho pt-csent Company-, And taken alt. through* it is a very good one, tbiit there was con siderable risk attached .to tho venture, aild..tin-" fortunately the weathbr.has not been so propitioiis as could have been .desited t'd iiiako 1c a financial success, It is to be hoped therefore that to-night there Will bo a good attendanco, in order that somo of tho loss may bo made good.' It will bo an in ducement to bring out otlior .novelties for - tho pleasuro of tho Sandhurst public. A good pro gramme has boon prepared, inoluding the play of " David Garriok," in which Mr. Cardbn will sus tain tho character of OttrrkL There will be a miscellaneous interlude, and the entertainment will concludo with " The Ghost,". a part in which Mr. Stanley is illimitable. MEETINGS THIS DAY.-Fraier's lteof Company, ,12;., South Fraser's libef Company, I.'ringlc's, 1- 1'ro^ressiVc Company, Pringlo's, 2; Koch and Hildobrandt Tribute, Albion Hotel, 1 Britannia Tribute, Quin's, i; Paddys Gully Com pany, W. Barkers, 4; Niagara Company, Ilasker's, 4; C. and T. Tributo, Colo's, 4..'10; Collmann and Lancashire United Company, Cole's, i>; Odd Chum Tributo, Fletcher's, 5.30; New Brunswick Tribute, Paris's, G.30; Shamrock Company, Carden's, 7? Unicorn Company, Woddell's, 7; Vallancourt Tributo No 2, Wed,lull's, 7.30; East Rose of Den mark Tributo, Molllin's, 7.30; Midas South Moon Tribute, Itirkwood's, 7.30; South Golden l'yke Company, Lano's, 8; Gardon Gully Quintette Com pany, Jones's, 8; North Bondigo and Melbourne iribute, Moore, itan^aroo.Fl;it, 3j Horseshoe Bend Company, Quin's, f); Whirlwind Company, Holl's, S. DjiATii or CAPT. MOORE IIILL.-It is with great rogret that wc liavo to report that another old Bendigonian has paid the last debt of nature. Capt. Moore IIill, late of H.M. 5Sth Regiment, has been a resident of this district for the past 10 years,. and for 12 years has been engaged in the occupation of a produce salesman, in which capacity he has for a very long period been a regular contributor of market reports to this journal. For many months i->st it has been evident that he has been very """-"'.shaken in health, and for the last twelve or <1v\nnh'rvwue^ l'T bec" 5ufferinE severely from l M rt ""l»ch complaint was the cause of liis i i, C,?'~ Hin. wll° 50 years of ago, ex pired about 3 o-u?ok yesterday morning, at bis residence m Bu 1-stre^/ He w£ a kirllJly hea^i S him"' aT'rMltWas lu°MV esteemed by all who VeU °sf 'f 8 le"^h°noa "isidenco in the' wliirtf v well as from the general resnect in attended,WaS '?fc wUl uo doubt 1)0 ,ulraerously states that the"oTlmvCV^ocri off Fri<ky No. 325, Irishtown, has" I,eon appoT",e° -m 'n'00' W. R. Croxton, J. Stirling, E\ Han^T^"5 ^ G. F. Hunter, C. J, Brown, and A. lieyuej UP' LICENSED SURVEYORS.-It is notified in Frida,, Gazette, that Messrs. Tlios. Forbes and Robert Nankivell, jurir., Sandhurst, have been appointed licensed surveyors undor the Roal Property Act. HALF-YEARLY MEETINGS.-A numbor of the reports of half-yearly meetings are unavoidably held over. THE FIRE I.I PALL MALL.-We have been re quested to state that owing to the damage done by watcr, &o.;, to tho stock of D. G. Heenan and Co.' they will close their premises until Thursday, when they will offer tho damaged goods at low rates. . REGISTRATION OP LIENS.-The following notifi cation respecting tho registration;of liens upon security of licenses hold under section 42 of tho Amendod Land Act, 18G5, appears in Friday's Gazette-.-" It is horeby notified, for tho informa tion of tho public, that in futuro lions effected by licensees upon tho security of their licenses held . under "section 42 of tho Amending Land Act lSlin will only bo registered upon tho following condi tions, viz:-That application by a licensee for re gistration of lien be accompanied by a statutory de claration that ho has expended at least £1 per acre on improvement? (with lull particulars tlicrcot) 011 the land,, and that if ho has not personally resided thoreon, at least ono-fifth portion of said land has been cultivated." EARLY CLOSING ASSOCIATION CONCERT. -The final rehearsal comes oil' to-night at tho T.nvu Hall and on Wednesday eveningthoconcertis announced! From the programme, we should imagine-that for an amateur vocal entertainment, there will havn been no rival in this city to this musical re-union. T11 the list of vocalists are to lie found the names of most of our popular and best voices, male and female and tlieso are to be supplemented by a chorus of some 200, with a full band of 2.i instruments* quite s.ifhcient strength wo think, to render effectively the grandest efforts of the masters, either in sacred or secular music. Tho association seek and hope to rcceivo tho support of all interested in the shorten ing of tho hours of labor, besidos which they desiro to merit, the patronage of tho public generally to the end that they may secure a good house, and' an adequate return for tho labor and oxpenso incurred 111 working up a concert such as that now in course of rehcai's.il We understand the tickets are going off well, but the Town Iiall is largo, and tho effect will uo all the better if the room is well filled which it should bo seeing the price is so verv reasonable. .» BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.-The superintendent, with thanks, acknowledges the receipt of U-1 from the Loyal Catherine "Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., per Sir. K. Hackett, in aid of the funds of the institute; also, a quantity of ale, porter, and wine from the com mitteo of tlie return ball to the Mayor, for the use of the inmates. SANDHURST INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.-Dr. Murray, the acting health officer, made a:i inspection of the school on the lUtli inst, and expressed liis satisfac tion with tho general arraugomeiits; and the superintendent desires to acknowledge receipt o£ a case of oranges from that gentleman for the use of the sick children at present confincd to lied from scarlatina. BKNDIGO HOSPITAL.-lteaident surgeon's report of tlio l)emlif;o Hospital for tlie week ending 20fch July:-'12(5 patients were in hospital 011 13th July; 12 patients were admitted during tho week; 11 wore discharged cured or relieved; 5 died; ll'J lu in hospital. Messrs. Cooper (president), U. Stuart, Bayno, Stewart (treasurer), .ind Wood ward (lion, secretary), ? members of the visiting committee, attcndeil on tho IGth July, and considered 14 applications for treatment as out door patients, of which 13 were granted. Total number of out- patieuts for the week, 120. 