COURT OF QUARTER SESSIONS. Bursill Mr. District Court Judge Dowling Mr. K M. Hughes appeared as Crown Prosecutor. LARCENY. Edward O'Grady was opened with having, at Sydney'), on the nth of November last, stolen a child in. the progeny of one Michael W fine. 'lot of stone r, who pleaded not guilty, was defended by Mr Richard Driver. He has yet, entered for the Crown by Alexander Cchq-_i_ (ite apprehending constable) and Michael Wynne, the owner of the cab from which the tu tion was presumed to be stolen. The defence WBH this the press and had simply picked up the cushion as it lay in the street in" which it was suggested that the cushion might, and most probably and, drop out of the rib. Verdict Not guilty. The p' seem r v was discharged. , HTII-I.1M.. Jeremiah Troy was charged with having, at Sydney, on the club of _ii\tmbcr last, stolen (JP. from the Ellen Johnson. Mr R. Driver appeared for the prisoner. This was a charge of stealing brought against the pro point by a woman of ill- fame, who. when bringeth into £13 wittingly, declined to swear positively to the accused. The Crown Prosecutor thre v up the rise, and the jury, by the direction of the Judge, returned a verdict of not guilty. 'The music for the accused said he had a number of persons and to be called, who would have given the at hand a good character if he had been required. The pilferer was discharged. kin INO «. AIRSHIPS Klifsbcth Dane and Jessie Campbell were charge 1 with keeping a disorderly house in Castlereagh-street. Mr. J. S. Paterson, instructed by Mr. Adams, defended the prisoners. Verdict Guilty against both prisoners. The jury do sired to thank the two constables Sergeant William Lawlor ord constable Joseph Sproule, for the great care and pains they had both evidently taken to suppress such a house as that kept by the prisoners. Sentence to be imprisoned (each of them) in Darling hurst gaol for six months. STRAIGHT!. James Swarbrick was charged with having, at Sydney, on the 30th of November last, stolen a gold watch and oh tin the property of Charles Steadman. The evidence was that the prisoner was lodging at the same inn (one in Erskine-street) as the prosecutor Sold man. On the day Steadman lost his watch, a man named Macdonald saw prisoner near Steadman, when asleep in his bedroom, leaning over him, and apparently touching her dress. When spoken to be made some idle except Prisoner pawned a watch directly after that watch was missing, and Steadman shore to that watch (so pawned) as being his. So, too, did another lodger, named i-sodou-tld, swear that it was Steadman's watch. The pawnbroker's man, Davis, swore to the pawning of the Watch by the prisoner, who had alleged that it was his (prisoner's) property. Prisoner pawned the watch in the form of a James Small." The case was proved for the Crown by sergeant Larkins, S. Davis, D. Macdonald, and J. Brook stone. The prisoner was defended by Mr. K. Driver. Verdict Guilty. Sentence) ? To be imprisoned in Darlinghurst gaol for three- months. -AllCSNT. John M'Androw (eh lad of about 18 years) was charged with having, at twin), on the night of the 18th taber, stolen two parcels of elastic was from James Carmody. It appeared that one night senior constable Edmund Lawless was running after some offender in Parramatta-street t, when his attention was light by the fact that of her he was not pursuing had RCfini-ph taken flight at him, and was running away). He gained on this remand) (who was the prisoner, when that party suddenly slackened his steed, and dru wing a parcel from under his waistcoat again attempted to escape But Lawless laid hold of both him and his place of Prisoner luiMiacntly repudiated all knowledge of the area in which was elastic was presumed to be that which had been bought that day at Mr Vickery s by a man named Carmody) Connolly. the owner of a parcel, had been seeing some friends on his way home, and had mislaid it, or had had it stolen from him by parties unknown to him. He did not know the prisoner. Constable Grshfimo saw the prisoner in Carmody d company that night. Carmody was drunk. Others were with the prisoner at the time that he was in Carmody's company. One of the young men, the (ten with Carmody, had told a police an who interfered, that he would himself see him (Carmody) home. Two regretable mm gave the accused a fair character, nndnlnd,*wbo said he was in prisoner's company on the night of the 15th of October, swore that he Daw prosecutor ghost parcel to prisoner to hold, whilst he had a ticket with cent of the young man who had picked billing. This lad (named Warren), whose appearance was certainly very much against him, "got into trouble" that same night about a ham. He swore he was fair rent of the embargo Mr R. Driver, for the defence, dwelt upon the fact that the eliiPlie web found by Lawless, had not been identified as Carmody's. Carmody would not even swear he has not given it to some boy. Prisoner was, he submitted, entitled to an Acquittal. Verdict not guilty). The prisoner was discharged. The Court (at its rising adjourned till the following morning (this day) at 10 o'clock. 