THE PROVINCE OF POSEN. Tbe GertnsD Government, so German news* papers inform us, has 'discovered' that the Archbishop of -Posen, in Prussia, has been secretly appointed ' Primate of all Polsnd' by the Pope. We do not pretend folly to estimate the importance of this piece of in telligence. The Archbishop of Poseu, M. Ledochoweki, is also Archbishop of Gnesna, an ancient eee,'to which the primacy of Po land was attached in the old times of its elec tive monarchy. This prelate wsb then the Pope's legate for all ' Sarmatia,' and, in the absence of the King, or during interreennm, vicar-general of the kingdom. The appoint ment may possibly be merely a fulfilment of some ancient form of obsolete meaning for oivil purposes. But, if it is really s new or revived hierarchical measure, it has tbe ap pearance of a bold stroke of policy. It looks like oarrying the var, on the part of the Ultiamontanes, by a daring advance, within the enemy's lineB. The ' finis Puloni®,' it would seem, is not aceomplised for the church. . The secular kingdom is desd ; the ecclesissti cal subsists to plague the living usurpers. No German politician has as yet succeeded in onravelling the intricate network of cus tom snd legal doctrine which conneots church and State. Prince von Bismarck finds or feels himself compelled to fii(ht his spiritual opponents with the sword of temporal law, as the flesh-and-blood champions of old Scandi navian legend had to engage in hand-to-hand conflict with ghosts of men long departed. He can recognise no Poland, lay or ecclesias tical, in that region whioh was won t-y the ' policy of Federio the Greet and his succes sors, and is now termed the Province of Posen: The importance 6f this province to [the Russian kingdom beoomes manifest on mere inspection of the map. The first partition of Poland took place exactly a century ago. Before that date a tract of Polish territory — West Prussis it wsb commonly called — reached as far as the Baltic at Dantzic, and completely severed the possessions of the Honse of Brsndenburg in East Prussia from Its possessions in North Germany. Prussia existed, in fact, only by permission of Poland, and the extreme weakness of that anarchiaal Power was Prussia's safety. It vroold have been an act of self-denial very much out of character in the case of Frederic the Great hsd he, when his neighbours of Russia and Austria were aggrandising themselves with out scrapie cr excuse, omitted to follow their example by seizing a property so absolutely required in order to bring hia own scattered i domain within a ring fence. It wbb really superfluous to take the trouble of reminding the worM that Poland had in former times robbed the Teutonic knights of the same ter ritory. ' All men have heard,' says his apologist ©arlyle,' of the partition of Poland, but of the partition of Prnseis 307 years be fore all have not heard.' Three centuries asanredly gave Poland a fair title by prescrip tion. Frederic's justification, if such it is to ba termed, must rest on two pleas very diffe rent from this— the tnfaerable anarchy of Po land, tbe necessities of his own ill-compaloted State. Bat necessity of this kind has an awkward tendency to repeat itself. The conquest of West Prussia united, in Frederic'a own words, Eafct Prussia to Pomerania. Bat aboitihesame time Frederio had acquired Silesia—a Btragg- ' ling appendage to his ancient dominion. And now the province of Poses—left to Poland by the partition of 1772 — interfered, as a most inconvenient wedge-like protrusion, between hia eastern provinces on the Baltic and 8i teria. And an' opportunity Soon 6ecbrred for rectifying this . mistake in geography. On the occasion of the rieodhd partition of Poland in 1792, thk eucoeseor of Frederio made himself master s6t only of Posen, bat a large additional alioa of Poland into the bargain. This last acquisition he had to relinquish ; bat West Prasiia and Poaen were both se cured to him by the ^reaty of Vienna; enabling hia dominions to Msome an tppearanoe of comfortable ' aitonSisement M on the map of Europe. It is' difficult to sketch the history of these proceedings withont a little tendency to either indignation or sarcasm. But, after till, it is most certain that not one of the greater Euro poan Powers can with Safe conscience become tbe accuser of its neighbours in the matter of ?ins of aggrandisement. And if there ewer was g case in Whioh strategical and militaiy necewity furnished a real and not a pretended plea id Iw of resumption, this of Posen is one. Without its possession Prussia is liter ally defenceless from the east Sehwerin, Che waatermoet'-town in the nrovinnn of Pmun is barely fifty English miles from Berlin; the oouhtry between fiat and open As invader tould^ekrre, Withont any defonce, except die line of the ? Oder. Two or three marches «*U« a B oasiati or ePolish army to «nt the Prussian monarch jr (sneb as it was ? before Sadttwa) oompletedy in two. No argn . prentofj&tefnatidns;! jnetic# or morality can prevdl in Pknarisn estimation «gainst so ob -rtous a essa of aelf-debooe. And if we w «*£oe*d to qwra tfth snch a -doctrioB, let Us remember our own position in Ireland. Bnt th* maintenance of Prussian duminion in this part of what was formerly Poland is fcttifisd slao Wethar groiUidB besides those ofaacority anf expediency. Polsnd is geaar ?Df n*arded »s a Slavonio and Oatholio I coisiij. Jod|ed by the mere role of nu nerieu mjori^, the Proasian portion comes withta mat dbfinition. .- Germao ooloniats tsve fersiliMd tie eande of West Prussia aad the marthSs of ae Sttt. German, capital has enrfahad die oS.h^gariy bsns, crested msnnfscturing sn trading industry. Iha Prsteatantism of I|orth Germsay has crossed ths frontisr, aod fiytsmlzed with that 'ran- 1 nant of the Palish reformed oommupicin wbioh persecatioa bad not qaite eocaeeded &-: stamping out. In die province of Posen (including the eabdnistoh Bromfeerg) there were in 1870 half a million of Protestants against a milHoo of Oathotics ; seven hundred thousand Germans against eight hundred thousand Slavs. It wonld be preposterous to imagine that ? minority each' as this, in cluding, moreover, tbe bulk nf the wealth and ednoation of the middle Classes, is . to be handed over defenceless to a rival body scarcely outnumbering it on the mere plea of nation ality. And this coosnmmstion, and no less, is whst Uoltrsmontanee and Poles in the Prussian Legislature really seeks . for. Nothing short of this will content them. Substantially, tbey possess equality before the law already. The Government is on the whole, a fair aud beneficient one. Of course, special grievances are dwelt on. such as a dis affected portion of s people, who feel thst power has passed passed awsy from them, not through legsl injustice, but throngh the Isw which makes the stronger and wiser prevail, is always able to dwell on rad to resent. Bnt remove every one of these causes of offencs, and the radicsl disaffection should remain would the esme. We have only to look nesr horns to recognise a parallel instanoe. We hsve therefore little doubt that the German nation will rally en masse round the daring and Bigacions Chancellor who has had the sudscity not only to besrd the Pope and the Poles, bet — whet is still rarer in statesmen — to spesk ont snd declare that he mesne to do so. Nevertheless, he has enemies in his own camp, weary to watch him, and hard to | win over. There is the old high-Tory clique sround the Oourt of Berlin, conuecteid with tbe high Lutheran, or rather State-Church party, who seem able, like M. Guizot and his followers in France, to sink their traditional hoatibity against the Pope iu their stronger sversion to modern religious liberalism. There are the adherents of the dispossessed Royal houseB. There are the partisans of German democracy, or at least many of them — for we think bet ter of a great number — who are ready to join bands with obscurantists and petty-court royaliets end non-Germans iu the one engrossing endeavour to pull down an ex isting Government. And all this in the faoe of angry France, crouching in anticipation of her retaliatory spring ; of Rossia and Austria watching their opportunity.— Pall Mall -iazette. 