ANNlVERSARiT OW THE PIRIB , '«TictEET CHURCH. :|i$y, THOJS. JAMES ON TOTAL AB \ -?-.- 'r,r ./ ; .STDfEHCE. . .' - . : The flanricesj connected with the asni Tenuuy-.of . the Pirietstreet Wesleyah : Church were begun -m Sunday, Op tober 13, when three sermens werepraaohed. The fiev. Jas. Jefferis, LL.B.J officiated in the morning, selecting as the. basis of an :]admirable discourse the words—*1 fiejoicB 4n the Lord alway, and again I say rejoice^— PhilippiaDS iv., C The af teraoon «ervioe was conducted by the -Sov. Thomas James. The subject of bis sermon was ^' The scriptural .prinapleB of a true tem perance^ his text being 'For the kingdom of God is not; meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the. Holy Ghost.' The rev. gentleman, from his stand point, dealt with the matter in an able, manner. He con tended that the religion of Christ was a reli-l gion .of ?freedom.maintaining thatwhen a man apttppt^ the. important irut3is of Chris tknity «ud lived in harmony with them, all subordinate 'truth grouped itself according to the wiU«f God. ^either he that drank mode ratoly, -nor, he that abstained, was, hB argued) apen the rteaehing -of the Apostle Paul, Con demned, for Christianity inculcated charity in judgment as regarded such«omparatively unim portant matter** Mr.- Jamjas's opinion seemed to betiiat the total i abstainer was «t times in a less (desirable 'f-0Bition than the moderate drinker, as beingr liable to ; be injured by spiritual' pride. ' He conceded - that there was a very, large number1 of persons who would be better if they were total abstainers; but he couM not stake total abstinence as the type of temperance, it anight 'be, and, speaking gene rally, was; the. type of temperance; but there jwere jmstances in which the general rule -lid hothold good; » arid.it was rather thatype df; intemporanoe tiian /temperanee, speaking *ith respectr to; -*he great prinqiplea bf dhristiauityi It could besaid of -no vLrtuetBat it represented the ihingj ymd fher^whole thing, to whieh.it belonged. , H* believed there -were men with; whom -toK4ake a single 5dw-p was =to expose themselves ftp .great pvil,iand in their case *oi take,drink jtt-aB .fras gross ibtemperance.; but then there were 'other things whitohiwere almost «auallr peraieipus ; indeed he : thought there 'wereaesmanyiiiled by gluttony— killed before; their tame-^-as many turned into bfeasts by gluttony ajB;by drunkenness ; and it was amar . vellous -thing tiiat all evil sprang out of some good— had its- root in some good gift of God ?tiiat was perverted and abused. As one who ?from -his bovhaod had -bean either a, total ? iab «tain«irpr perfectly temperate— svho haji marked wittiinterestaisi concern the great evangelical —-he was gping to; ysayi benevolent— ^movement Itkat had^oi ite ofejeci the rescue ol ?menirora drnnkenbbss, and who;iwa8 -i».ot.i an^^jeiny^ but ja helper ^on-&Bd.; Reliever in tfc» echeHie,-.ihey ^ouMAUowbitn.tojsaythat^ts jstreUgth had heen ifai wteakness; but he; belieyed matters; swere.Mnendmgrr^iat, men ; were becoming Iwiser i%adf Jcuer - tor truth, and were sinking ^ndividuslideas, and were adinittingrthat they werecot ihe'depojjitories.ofaU trulh; iutithat truth was yery -ooaprehejisive— i&gajuK.; the world and large as-Sod^ and he had no doubt this movement votfld; put ou a new aspect and -dothe iteelf in new etnsngth, and while it was] jBtnmg: In temperance would be, temperate in its strength! He'regtetted the -existence of drunkfinness— regretted that the Devil, with a bait so small, «n induoenient so trivial, could lead :men to form a habit productive of. such disastrous consequences ; but he had no faith in «ny nostrum jof man.; They could -no' more cutvoffvfrom the body of Christian truth any part.vtf -it and make fit suceesBfully and con itinuously:pperative,thim they could cot off a jman's *rtn and make it work- and in his lopinion sairing men from drunkenness ^nd not 'from sin wa«''»ot' worth the efforts of .thoB© [whose work was#upposed to be for eternity and jfor God. ;- The (afternoon service -was attended by a considerable number of the friends^of. total ttUPUUBJim ' ' -.131 ';W» - VICIIUIg UU3 4JM3V. '.-VV.a j£m. ! Wells,- President, cof . Prince Alfred College, jpseached^an: earnest disoonree, the 28fch and 29th verses of the 26th chapter of Acte forming ihistozt. At eachservitjetiiere wasalargeoon igregationi andtheoollectionj amounted to about (£2& -? ; . « ;? -. . .- ??.. -. ?! . :'. .; ?'-;-? : ? On' Monday ' evening . the anniversary ser ; vines . were continued by tea and public ; meetings, at each* 'of which. there was a large attendance; The public meeting was presided ?over;l-y^r George Verdon, of Victoria, and 'there' were upon the platform the Sevs. W. L, Binks' (Chairman pf the District), W. P. Wells l(Preaident of ' ths' Prince ' Alfred College); T. James, Hans Mack, J. Davidson, and James Henderson, Captain Bagot, Lieutenant-Com-r mander Jenningsj E.N., and Mr., John G61 ton, J.P. After .the customary ' devotional exer cises, the Treasurer (Mr. Colton) iread' the balance-sheet, from which it appeared that the receipts had been ^481 Ids. 3d., less £104 18s. Id., brought forWard from last year ; -and: the Sisbursements, £428 0s. 8d., leaving a credit balance of £53 18s. 74- The Treasurer 're-; gretted that he had been obliged to trespass on their capital^ and urged that special effort should be made -1» reduce the^debt on the Church, now amounting to £3,«00. ? ' : ? Sir Gbobgb Vbedon said althoTjghhehaa not had the privilege of presidingon manyjoccaBionB like 'the present, having for many years1 been accustomed more'' to speaking* in Parliament ihan in churches, he -felt perfect sympathy with a brother in distress, whether that brother belonged to a Church t-r any 'other 'institution!' (Sear, hear.) Their brother, ^^ the Tteasurer, was, in distress, but he 'hoped he would, 'be able n'ertyear to showa better 'balanoe^Bh'eetj :,and,. judgu^from the attendance that. evening, he. had no doubt he would, because by such an' attenBance they proved their good 'will towards theJChurch, .and their desire -to.assisi; it. He need not iassureihem pf his pleasure at beiiig present that evening. . (Applause.) He re' Church like that, and though perhaps it was' rather injudicious m a perfect .stranger for Mm to take the chair, still he could not refuse the request of their pastor and his t-ld constituent that he would preside that evening, andhad 'accordingly acceptedPShe responsibility. (Applause.) When -they considered how closely those two spheres— the Church and the State— wtire affi&i.the; presence of apoliticianin]the posi- tion he held did not seem so strange. Were they not both doing the same work, though they might be striving by different means and in different ways? ' (Applause.) It might be the business of the State to promote the interests of the . people in 'one ' way, and Tthat of the ministry in another way'; . bat ihey all put before them, whether they were clergymen or laymen, the same common object— the, good of tue people, tneir spintuat and temporal ad vancement. (Hear, hear.) In striving for the accomplishment of both 6bjebts,:what could be a greater or nobler task than the education of the people?— he. meant their secular education,' because, and perhaps wisely, it was thought that there should be no connection between Church and State, for it was found they worked better, more -harmoniously, -more freely, and more independently when separate. (Applause.) Seeing, then, ihat the State in her sphere was doing; her' part, and the Church in her sphere was doing hers, there was considerable fitness, he thought, in the union of the two onocca sioiiB like tneproseat— (loud applause)— and in these times it was weir they should occasionally consider how great and- noble their functions were; in these times, 'when frequently things of moment were scoffed at, it was well that they should consider the end and object set before them. Let i hern give all the credit that was due to those who worked for the common objects of life— and far be it from him to decry fliesi— but whilrt they did so let them re niember that those who 'strove for; the spiritual And intellectual advancement of mankind -were leading the truer and nobler life, and that of ill others which w&s; to' be the [more respected, it was animated by tbifl feeling that he had always felt how much was due by the State and the »ther component parts of the people to the Church representedby their pastor that evening. (Applause.) It was mot .necessary for him to ipeak upon their financial statement, and, in deed* he had not the local ^knowledge to refer to it particularly ; .but he could not look at that, building without remembering the minister by *hose efforts principally it was founded — a minister well known in Victoria and. in New South Wales— he meant the Bev. D. J. -Draper. (Loud applause.) He could not forget how much good that gentleman did in this and the-nfeigh-. boring cdloni«s. Nor couldiie forget the noble death he .died..: (Applause.) . He could never forget the Joss of that jii-fated ship the London, depriving him as it did , of two of . his warmest friends, the ^Bev. Mr. Draper and Dr. Woolly ; .- and he never remembered the loss of, the. vessel without recalling the noble, devotion of the . Eev*, Mt. Draper on that memorable occasion, if it were in. tile. nature of things spiritually that, that, good and.holy man could look down On them, thatejrauing, wouldlis spirit not rejoice in the noble 'xttitk they were doing, and more especially, In its iSuiicessrul completioa; and, if possible, should they not complete the great work that \ holy man' had. begun? (Loud and continued ; Iieut. ?Commander Jehhikgs, JR.N., said he had been connected with MethodisTn ever since he was 16 years, pf age, and had been a local: preacher for half a century, and then refetreito the rise and spread of Metnodifltn in these dblo-- pies, congratulating the T^esleyan Church here Upon the fast jhold its principles had takeain this colony. He next alluded in feeling terms to the late Bey. D. j. Draper, remarking that : was one of his earliest friends in these colonies, and paid a njanly tribute of esteem to the character of. their Chairman. He concluded by erpressing. a hope that J hey would ^o on in creasing in spiritual and financial -welfare, and eying that jhe intended devoting the 'remainder ?his life to the advancement of the principles their great religion, in ' the. words of their ' venerable founder— . . : . , j ,»* Happy, if with my. latest breath . . , ; ' ' .': /fatay hat gasp His name} i . Bteach Him to all, and cry in death ' ' ^Slho^belioldthe^amb.'' ' , ;' ..? !i , TteEey. X DAtosOjf erfressed Ms strong: interest and sympathy, isn^i the PMe-street jOhnrch, both in iw denonunational.and .congre- ?afid^taatpactty. He'then jspoke 6f tW uh-,1 ^PPy disstinsions wiiich hadtakenjplacein^he Oharch of Scotland, and afluSed to the growing tendency of the age to ^mutual cb- opferation apd sympathy, 'sayii^t he 'hoped ifae.-ttjne wasnpt far distant when all artificial differences which did hot' tend to 'promote the ihtereBts of the;5 iC^'arch'would^^entarelyrembVed; (Applause,) ; The Bev. 'W; IL. BlNKS regretfed *he i ffiffei rencM vhichTiadtalceh; place in the Scotch [Jhurch, afid %!«- the'differeBbeff in their own' [Thurch; He believed, however, the time' was ; sot faridMknt wnWail those who -Were Mibwn is Methodists! would dEorm one 'Church, which lime he hopeftf would Bpeedily come. -Ap? plause):: 'v- f* -: ?_?? ?'?? -??? ?'? . ?? ? ;- - '; :-? .-?..'? ??-?r,--i i ^The nsual votes tiftaarikB were then aocoKled. [nttonnection with ibevote accorded the choir, - the naineTof Mr. W, B. Ghinner, who ha« ren iered anost efficiently long service in the Pirie-j street-Church as br^amst, was adverted tot€n-i jthe ararn\est terms of eulogy. ????? ?'- ??- ??: ??'? '---vc i -She proosBdings terminated in the orttrnary ; planner. /The gross proceeds of the anniverBsry ; jameunted to about £150. ???? . -? .- ' '?? 