MUTUAL PROVIDENT SOCIETY. The adjourned meeting of this society -was held at the office, Mew Pitt- street, yesterday afternoon. The chair man of the directors, Mr. George King, presided. Tbe Chairman reminded them that at the annual meeting? of the society an amendment was moved by the Rev. Mr. Waterliouse, nnd seconded by Mr. Henry, and carried unanimously — ' That this meeting be adjourned to the !Mli May, and that in ihe meanwhile Mr. Stuart Murray and Mr. C. Macuardy be requested to act as arbitrators between the auditorB, and to report to the board. He read the report of iheee gentlemen .- — ' Sydney, 8th May, 1872. j ' To tlie Chairman and Board of Directors of the Aus- j tralian Mutual Provident Society. by the members 'of the society on the 24th ultimo, we beg to repqrii-^ .',i 'That .we have^flJJif^rred with the auditors, ex amined tho fcoojb wfSsccounts, assisted by a profes sional aecomitajit'(Mr.liJaaBs), and find that the errors complained of -'ij-MrvTVeet actually existed ; but we ore of opiuion.4ij%tiBey are of an unimportant character. They ^e now In .course of being corrected, under the supervision of the auditors. /.ty/c think it is n matter for regret that the auditors Hid not call for the individual account balances at an earlier Ante, so that the officers of the institution might have had time, before the annual meeting, to make any corrections neceesnrv. ' We we gentlemen, your obedient servants, 'M. C. Machabdv. .-. . ?. 'S. Mderay.' ! Bcv. Mr. Wateehobsb moved tiiat this report be received, and that the thoukg of tlie society be ren dered to Mcssrs.'Siuart Murray and Moclinrdy. . The motion was seconded by Mr. Henmy, and carried : unanimously. | Mr. Heney then mored Iho adoption of tho annual I report of the society. He said he was sure these two ! gentlemen would not have certified to such a report J unless it was perfectly correct. He found that actuaries i out of doors said that Mr. West was justified in all he ! did. If there was a penny wrong, it was right to make a stand. It had been stud they were spending L70 in looking after L40. But he (Mr. Henry) said if thin little error was like a leak in a ship, or like a little hole in a cask of gold-dust, LTO might be well spent in look ing after it. He (Mr. Henry) was very glad these two gentleman had certified that no real suspicion need be entertained. There were 2000 or 3000 persons in this colony who would rely on his (Mr. Henry's) statement. Mr. W. Hlkson seconded the motion. Mr. M. E. Murnin said during the history of ' the institution this wns tho first time a renort had been sent back for correction. They were now told that the rciiort was scut up in the same form as before. Were they to understand that p The Chairman explained if Mi'. West Lad applied for access to the documents at on earlier day they could have corrected them. Mr. Muhnin said it was rumoured out of doors that there wns a great objection on the part of the directors to have their accounts examined. As to this society, he (Mr. Mumin) did not Uiink there wns another insti tntiou like it in tho world. After twenty-three years they had the pride of seeing it one of the noblest insti tutions ever founded in this colony. All it wanted was care and watchfulness. He did not intend to defend Mr. West. With very few exceptions he condemned the course Mr. West had taken. A great difficulty had arisen in these matters from the difference between Mr. West and the secretary. Mr. West at first refused to sisra the certificate unless there were nroiuced to him the various securities of the institution. The Chajeman read the form of the monthly certifi cate, which made no reference to securities, but only to books. Sir. Mtjektk: The question was, when the new nuditor came to his work and asked for tile debentures, was he to receive the same answer ns Mr. West had received ? This was what nny reasonable man, as an auditor, would do. If bo (Mr. Murnin) were called to audit their accounts, the first thing he would do would be to ask where ore your papers — where arc your secu rities? Eule 18 declared that the auditor should ' from lime to time examine the books, deeds, Tou chers, and securities of the society.' So that an auditor might at any time demand to see the securities. (Ap plause.) AVas it true that the society refused to allow Mr. West to see the securities p . Mr. Eaistone, secretary, said the monthly certificate of the auditors made no reference to securities, hut only to u Ihn boolcR nnd fu?nminfa ' Mr. Mdbnih : It was a proper time when a new auditor entered on his duties to count tl.e debentures. With regard to Mr. West's conduct, he had no right to come there and abuse the directors and the officers. By bo doing he hod entirely disqualified himself. But they must remember that their respected chairman, when a remark was made about. him, answered in 'parlia- mentary language.' (A laugh.) He then referred to Mr. Lyons' cheque, and nsked how this was taken. The Chaieiian' eaid Mr. Lyons wanted to borrow deeds to the oinonnt of £118, atd gave his cheque for t!mt sum as security for the deeds. Mr. 'Baktone said the equity of redemption of a policy had been purchased by Mr. Lyons; he was, therefore, virtual]}' the holder of this policy. He conld redeem it by giving a cheque. Mr. Mubnik maintained that such deeds should not Tie parted with. ?, Mr. Stephen, solicitor to the society, said the policies of members were occasionally borrowed by the members. When they borrowed iimm, they signed a nonumnnt nRKMrnmcr tlinir infiM-m;+ l»\ £1im EAniufv ' Titm* the society had the first claim. Mr. Lyons wanted deeds prepared to enable him to get money legally from the society. He borrowed the policy, and for that pox pose deposited his cheque. Tho loan of the policy in no way effected the interest of the society. As an extra precaution, in tho secretary's absence, the gentlemen ?who handed over tiiis policy to Mr. Lyon's eaid to him give ns not only your receipt for this policy, but also your cheque for the amount of it. Therefore the society had double security. Mr. Muenin : Do yon say it is of no importance that policies pass ont of tbe hands of the Society p How long - was the cheque in this office ? Sir. Halstoke said this circumstance had occurred j during bis absence in New Zealand. Immediately after | his return he took it in hand. It would not have occurred i if he had been here. (Hear, hear.) It was a mistake ! that ought to be rectified. Ho wrote Mr. LyonB that he had presented his cheqee. The cheque was paid im- . mediately. (Hear, hear.) ? Mr. Mubnin : That shows that yon disapprove of ? what was done. \ Mr. Ealston : Chiite so. ! Mr. Lyons explained the matter. Mr. Liardet came to aim, wanting to borrow money on bis policy. Mr. Van Hinclcn, who was. in charge of the office, said, if you j debosit your cheque as security for the policy, the policy 1 csji be rc!ea£e3. '? Mr. - Tan Henclen accepted Ms (Mr. i IJon's) cheque as good security. ?, Mr. Muitum: Tour cheque is as good as gold. (Hear, hear.) -But it would have been better if ihe directors had met the society at the usual time, and in stead of laying the report as it wns before them, hod asked them to adjourn nntH the report was .corrected. (Armhinsc.) Mr. West read a lengthy statement, in which he sa}d, that -although It had been represented that lie bad overstepped his dntiei as' an auditor, he had a right to 'ormhis own'opinion'on the matter, and he had to see that every account was in a proper state. - This would Mi seen by Jiis letters to the board, in which were dated respectively 27th September, and 18th August, 1871. It was now acknowledged' that he had acted rightly. ?Though he had been charged with having displayed hostility towards the officers of the society, and par ticularly to the secretary, he had not done so. He had acted in an adverse way to what they wished, but it was not in an hostile manner. The written communications that had passed between them, he considered necessary to prevent any misunder standing. It was impossible to find a proper balance from the books supplied him, and this was at last ad mitted by parties conversant witb accounts. He consi dered himself hardly treated in the way it was proposed at the annual meeting, that the report should be paBsed with only oocisjgBatureandhe tobeeet aside- Thereport, however, had not been passed ; and two gentlemen were appointed to examine the case of the alleged errors of accounts. Those srentlemen appointed Mr. Basse, an accountant of the city, for the same purpose, and his investigation was finished on Friday lost. On that and the three following days he (Mr. West) was associated , with the arbitrators in reference to the accounts. It bod been said to him that he wanted to make mountains of mole hills, and that if he could find no butter reasons for refusing to sign the accounts than he had produced, that the officers of the society would go against him. But he had pointed out item by item, and the arbitra tors had been somewhat impressed by the matter ; and it was agreed bv all narties that the errors could only be avoided by a thorough system of working the accounts. Mr. JDiEBS said that when he moved the adjournment of the hist meeting, his principal reason for so doing was the nasty manner in which they hod been called upon to pass such an important report as had been presented. He would like to say a little regarding the position of Mr. West and that of the officers of the society. His view of the cose was that Mr. West had been guilty of a want of courtesy. Mr. West's manner was not an agreeable one; but lie (Mr. Dibbs) believed that his pfTnrtn hnft hppn mngirnpntinnalv mnjp in t.hp endAfivnnr to set the accounts right. (Cheers.) The meeting,' he thought, would agree that the report from tbe two gentlemen appointed to examine the case of the alleged errors, not only exonerated Mr. West from blame, but even made the society indebted to him for what he had done. (Cheers.) The result of the storm that had been raised would do a great deal of good to the society. It seemed to him that tbe report amounted to this, that either the affairs of the' institution were carried on in an inefficient manner by a sufficient staff of officers, or that tho staff of officers was too small to carry on the business in a proper manner. If the KOcietv waa in nfloiirianinirpnnmtinTi npnoiipVAil if. (Hillid afford to have an efficient staff of men to conduct its business. He thought the present staff was insufficient ; j and the society was growing larger and larger every j day. The vital points of the report had been over- 1 looked. He wonted to show that the expenses of the I society amounted to nearly L30.000 per annum ; an J amount that he thought far beyond that justified by I the business of the institution. Several items he con sidered in excess of what they should be. There were director's fees, L1132 10s j. auditor's fees, L293 6s 8d ; advertising, 1*1317 9s 9(3 ; general expenses, £2578 Ss 4d, medical fees (which, perhaps, were justi fiable), .£3354 4s 6d. and commission to agents, .£8780 17s 7d. This last item be considered by far too large, and said that there was one gentleman, named Short, making a very large sum per year, as a travelling agent. The amount of expenses (w£30,000) was about 14 per cent, on the premiums of the society. It was all very well to point to the success of the society, and to tholarge balance to its credit ; but on the other side there was a liability of £5,469,000. A statement of the fundB and effects was no statement of the true position of the society, because it wanted the liabilities, as well as the assets. Only once in five years con the members get a proper statement of society's accounts. The present report was merely a progress report. He would like to know whether a branch of the society had been estab lished at Adelaide, or was it only in contemplation. The Seceetaey : It is only contemplated. Mr. Dibbs : Has anything gone wrong there in the management of the business of the society, or is there a desire for increased business? The Seceetaey : Nothing has gone wrong. It is with a view to increase of business. Mr. I)iBB8 went on to say that a statement of the real position of (be society should be made once a year. He presumed that the amount placed in the report against Government debentures was correct. Tbe Chaieiun said that LW,000 might be added to it. Mr. Bibbs considered that made it so much the better. It had been represented that the society had suuerea large losses on its investments. lie would like to know if that were true. The Chairman .- It is entirely nutrue. I denied it at the last meeting. Mr. Dibbs said it redounded to the credit of the directors for not having daring the many changes that had been experienced in business in the colony made serious losses. He touched upon the matter of the debentures in connection with the chairman, and the cheque of Mr. Lyons. The CfiAraiLAN explained the mutter of the deben tures, and of his Baving the society tbe brokerage in tbe transaction with which ho had been connected, as he stated it at the last meeting. Mr. Dibbs considered that he had no right to do as he had done, as there were proper officers to do such work, and his doing as he had done was likely to lead other officers of the society to go and do the some. Mr. Selby said that as far as he could see, Mr. King had acted as broker for the society, without com- - mission; and he did not consider that he had been wrong in doing it. ; Mr. Geben thought that the way in which the audit \ had been carried out woe a farce. - The Chatbman put the report to the meeting, and it was carried. He then read the report of the scrutineers concerning the election of directors as follows ?.— '29th April, 1872. ' We, the undersigned, having been appointed scru tineers to conduct the election of two directors for your (the Australian Mutual Provident) society, have the honour to report the following results Mr. J. H. Good lett, 6201 j Mr. John Fairfax, 5055; Mr. S. A. Joseph, 1686 ;— showing a majority in favour of Mr. Goodlett of 4515 votes, and for Mr. Fairfax of 3369 votes. 208 policy-holders voted in person, recording 3432 votes ; 12 proxies were delivered too late ; and 61 proxies were disqualified, being informal. Among the proxies 8 were found to have no votes, and 4liad voted person ally. We further beg to record our opinion, that the labours of the scrutineers would be much lightened if complete alphabetical indices were prepared, to be used at elections only, with the number of rotes affixed, as well as the page of the register ; and if the system of voting by proxy be continued, we recommend that the roter be required to affix the number of bis or her policy upon the proxy-paper. (Signed) 'Henky Beit. 'Henet Selby. 'E. W. Mouswobth.' Mr. King left the chair, and Mr. Henry Beit was voted into it. .... Sev. Mr. Watebhouse moved— That the thanks of the meeting be given to the directors of the society for their services during the past year. Mr. Mubnin seconded the motion. Mr. Dibbs mored an amendment — That the thanks of the meeting be accorded to the directors and auditors for their ablo efforts in the management of this society. This, being seconded and put to the meeting, was carried. - Mr. Lyons, on behalf of the directors, returned thanks; and the proceedings terminated. Auuuai Instinct. — A few weeks ago, Mr. Scbliek, who for a nnmbar of yours ooenpiod the X immo Saw Mills, removed his family higher up tneEucumbeneriver, in the neighbourhood of Adaminuby where he himself luid been Urine some time previonsty. Among other goods Mrs. Schlick had Sve common domestic docks, which in a few days found their way into the river and disappeared. A diligent but fruitless feearch was made for a day or two, at length they were given up for lost, when to the surprise of their owners they learned that the diicks Imd returned to Iflmmo on tlie third day after being missed. The distance from Nimmd to where they were taken, is about eight miles, but by the river on account of the many bends can be little short of tsreliE miles. Nimmo is situated on a creek about a mile from the river, and It is wonderful how then- instincts guided them to take the right creek after passing by the mouths of several by tlie way,— Correspondent Tho question — Can gold bo procured in a payable quantity from the sandy beach, near SheUbarbour P— is now undergoing eolation. ? It will be remembered that about twelve months since Mr. Henry, for some weeks had a machine at work on the beach near Mr. Killolea's, Mr. Killfilpft being a partner is the Feature From re presentations made to T. A. Bcddall, Esq., he has been induced to invest in machinery of a suitable kind to test the possibility of gold being found in payable quantify ; in this venture Mr. Killclca is again a partner. Ths machine is now at work ; one horse is used to work the pumps, two 'of which ore in operation, and capable of pumping about fifty gallons per minute. A well is sonic at a good depth in the sand, and a never failing supply of water is obtained. Much credit is due to Mr. Beddoii. Undoubted indications of copper are found not half a mile from the site of the gold operations, but appearances do Dot indicate even the ghost of a chance of procuring copper in payable quantities.— Mercury. 