-SttEK PROM Dit. LIVINGSTONE. ~W« aro indebted to the courtesy of the Ar*#w Tori B"iU for the following letter, which appeared In that naoer on Saturday, July 27 : ^ « Bonth Bastern Central Africa, February, 1872. «Mvdcar 8ir,-I with to say a little about the slave «Mdoin Eastern Africa. It is not a very inviting Bubject. «d to lorne I may appear as supposing your readers to tu ""much akin ti tie old lady who relished hor paper for m iher births, deaths, nor marriages, but for good, raoy, fcffv murders. I am, howover, far from fond of tbe Sle-olten witbed I oould forget the scenes I have wen, «d certainly never try to inflict on others the sorrow whioh "iiia witness of 'man's inhumanity to nan' has often *B«t',8oBOIof'jour're8ders know that about five yoarfl ajro I undertook, at tho instigation of my very dear old friend, Sir Roderick Murchison, Bart, the task of examining tho «tersfiod of Sonth Central Africa. The work had a «hann 7m nv mind, becauio the dividing line botwe en North and Benth was unknown, and a fit object for exploration. HâtiDK a work in hand, I at first recommended another for tb" tatk ; but, on his declining to go without a ÎiBàVdtno eatsry and something to fall back on after »ud» I sgrotd to go myself and was encouraged by Sir Boderick, saying, in his warm, jovial manner, . You will be tho real discoverer of tho sources of the Nilo. 1 ttocibt that two years would bo sufficient to go from tho cast; inland acroBS tho head of Lako Nyasra to the water Acd wberovcr (hat might bo, and aflor examination, try to l/cln B benevolent mission with some tribo on tho elope reach to the ooast. Had I known *ll tho time, toil, hunger, hardships, and worry invohed in that precious water îî,k But, having taken up the burdon. I oould not bear toksbeattn by it. I shall toll you a little about tho pro ,««»»00 by-and-by. At prêtent let ino giyo you a ÏHmtifo of the slave Irado to which tho search and discovery ,jniost if tho Nilo fountains has brought me f*oo to fnoo. Tin wiolo traille, whether on land or ocean, isa gross out tiistif Ito common law of mankind. It is carried on i fra acolo ngo, and, in addition to tbo unttld ovila it in «Vlf it presints almost Insurmountable obstacles to intor Msiic between tbo dilTcrent portions of the human family. Ttirpcn Boro in tho world is partly owing to human MoidilTi snd partly to ignorance of tho more civilized of Slid of tbo blight which lights chiefly on the moro ¿,tradid. Firaoy on tho high seas was once na common «s i »lo trading ia now. But ub it became thoroughly know» the wbolo civilized world roeo against it. In now trying tomato tho Eattcrn African elavo trado botter known to I Americans, I indulge tho hope that I am aiding on, (lunga in a emull ¿Verco, tho good timocomiDg yet whon slavery u will B3 piracy shall bo ohated from the world. « Many ha\o but a faint idas of the evils that trading in tlsres Inflicte on the victimB and on the authors of tho atrocities. Moat pcoplo imagino that negroes, after boing Iralallicd by a long oourio of «ervitudo with but few of tie ameliorating influences that elovato moro favoured races, oro fair avorago specimens of tho Afrloau man. Our ideas are demed from tho «laves of tho Wost Coast, whi bare fcragea betn subioctcd to domoatio bondage and all tfceldepreeBUig agencies of a most unhoatthy climate lleeehavo told most injuriously on their physicil frames, »Wie fraud and trado rum havo ruined their moral nitures. Not to discriminate the differenco ia monstrous injustice t J Up main body of tho population living freo In tho interior cider their own chiufB and laws-cultivating tholr own fatmt, catching tho fith of their own rivers, or flghMnir bravely with the grand old deni/ens of tho forosts, which In ruólo icccnt continents can only bo roached in rooky rtiala or under perennial ioo. Winwoodo Reade hit tho truth when ho said the ancient Egyptian, with hi« largs round black eyes, full luscious lips, and acmewlat depressed noso, is far nearer tho typical teeto than tho West Coast African, who has been debated by tho unhealthy land ho livos in. Slaves MBS'Blly- and especially thoso on tho WeBt Coast, at ^acribar and elBewhero-ore extremoly ugly. I havo no prejudice against their colour: indeed, anyone who lives fong among them forgcU that they aro biaok, and^oels that Uley are jUBt fellow-men. But tho low retreating foroheadB, prognathus jaws, lark heels, and other physical pooulliri tlei common among slaves and Wost Coast negroes, always awaken the samo feelings of aversion as those which wo view tpecimens of the 'Bill Sykes' and 'bruiser* clasa in England. 1 wonld not utter a syllable calculated to preii down either clsss moro deeply in the mire in which I tbeyare already sunk. But I wish to point out that thesa are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rule, fair average spacl aueni of humanity. I happened to bo present when all the lead men of tho great chief Insama, who lives west of tho south end of Tanganyika, had come together to make p tace with certain Arabs who bad burned their chief town, and I am certain one could not see moro finely-formed intellectual bail in any assembly in London or Paris, and tho faces end forms corresponded with the finely-shaped heads, hiatus WiLBilf had been a sort of Napoleon for fighting aid conquering in hil younger days, was oxaotly like the ancient Aetyrians sculptured on the Nineveh marbles as Kimrod snd others ; ana he showed himself to bo one of oumlvte by habitually indulging in copious potations of beer, called pombe, and had become what Nathaniel Haw- thorne caliea 'bulbous' below the ribs, I don't know where the phrase ' bloated aristocracy ' arose. It mutt be AEcrican, for 1 have had glimpses of a good many English noblemen, and insama was the only speoimen of a bloated arUlocrat on whom I over set my eyes. "Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladles, would havo been much prettier if they had only let themEelves alone. Fortunately, tho dears oould not chango tholr charming black oyos, beautiful foreheads, nicely rounded limb«, well-shaped forms, and small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves, and this they di- sh, tho huFsiei!-by filing their splendid teeth to points like cat's teeth, It wes distressing, for it mado their smile which has so much power over us great he donkeys, like that of tho crooodile. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do, if they hod none, but pout and locturo ni on 'women's rights V But these speoimons of tho fair sex tnako ehilt ty adorning their fino, warm, brown skins, tattooing varisus pretty devices without colours, that be- tides purposes of beauty serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tartans. They aro not black, but of a light, warm brown colour, and so very sisterish-if I may use the new eoinage-it feels an injury dono to oneself to seo a bit of grass alack through the cartílago of tho nose, so as to buhre out the sloonaai (wingsof the note of anatomists), Cazembe'sQueen Koari aNgonibe by name-would bo esteemed a real beauty either in London, Paris, or New York, and vet she had a small hole through tho cartílago, near the tip of her fine slightly aquiline nose. But she had only filed ono sido of tie tuo front of her superb enow-whito teeth; and then »tat a laugh ehe had ! Lot those who wish to know go and eeo her carried to her farm in hor pony phaeton, whioh h a sort of throne fastened on two very long poles, and carried by twelve stalwart citizens. If they uko Punch's motto for Cozembo, 'Niggers don't require to be shot bete,' as their own, they may show themselves to bo man ; but, whether they do or not, Cazembo will show himself a ban of sterling good senso. "Now theEo people, so like ourselvos externally, havo genuine human souls. Búa, n very large section of country north and west of Cazcmbo's, but still in the same inland region, is peopled by mon very like thoso of Insama and Cazembo. An Arab, Sydo Bin Habib, went to trade In Una two years ego, and, as the Arab, usually do whore tho natives havo no guns, Sydo Bin Habib's eldest brothor carried matters with a high hand. The Rua men observed that the elder brother slept in a white tent, and, pitching their spears into it by night, and killed him. As Moslems never forgive bloodthcd, tho younger brother forthwith ran «muck on all indiscriminately in a large distriot. Lot it not m supposed that any of these people aro like the American Indians-insatiable bloodthirsty savages, who will not bo reclaimed, or enter into terms of lasting friendship with fair-dealing strangers. Had tho actual murderers been demanded, and a little time been granted, I feel morally certain, from many other instances among tribes who, like the Ba Eua, have not been spoiled by Arab traders, they won d all havo been given up. The chiefs of the oountry «oula, flret of all, ha«o ppeclflod the crime of which tho older brother waa guilty, and who had been led to avenge v }\ I? vcry lilîoly thttt ^y would stipulate that no other should bo punished but the actual perpetrator. Domestio .laves, awing under hie orders, would be considered free «cm blame. I know of nothing that distinguishes ihe un contaminated Africans from other degraded peoples moro «ian their entire reasonableness and good eonse. It is different Bfter they havo had wives, children, and relativos ««napped; but that is more than human naturo, civiliEed or savage, can hoar. In the case in question, indisorimi Mte slsughter, capture, and plunder took place. A very urge number ot very fine young men wero captured and securea in chains and wooden yokes. I came near the party ot Syae Bin Habib, oloso to the point whore a huge rent in the mountsins of Rua allows the escipe of the fa ?r Lnalab* out of Lake Moero. And here I had jm«ri . tltD,e an opportunity of observing the dlff« f.tïLB6lwee° slaves and freemen made captives. When trol% ^0tA.Lu.ulalf,' Sydo th0VL«bi his cbpUtc» «»fe, and ffiT tho .tteufcl? of attending to and watohing the deêaredOB-by H¥B* ,off »»* ohains 8n<1 yokes. All tteAïiirjoy,înd P,6rfeot willingness to follow Syde to iwo mad! 5*,""ia.' ofitewbere; butnext morning twenty tto b«art ft1! f to,ft? motmt*iBs. Many more on seeing ©.îMîÎin? r° ' K"?811 tham .?* «Setamee of their They had n" A"?' fld ,n ">"» *»*" eight of them died. SS it°«mplauU but pain in the heart, and thoy tte heL0?'" "«' «weaily; though many believe that WÍbon« TMtf?Undemoa'hthet°P of to* «"ornum « «aw tv» -,t0 mo wa* tho m0Bt etarllingdcathl ever to'totoZJ**!}*1? *** of «"oken-heaftedness, and wwothe« wd|red',>enÇ they "ad Plenty to eat.' I *e put hi, h. »e6, W.hen "Bk6a wnere he Mt »J. heart. He wa^^T*0"3^'1 íTÜ* oyBt toB «athi,sMliLTa1s,Jti,ld'y, «"»ried,, and as he breathed «»Plors we» nnt i 8°n ? °n th? "ie 0f lho P8th' Th0 *lavin¿ hTt, *$' °?u»na"y «mel, They wore oallous ¿od^Ä^^tbeirhearU. When Sydo, who was Ws n avHl.T T* oroBEca tho I"»Iaba, he heard, that I iurionaly a3(^ frla.ÎPmp5ny °l b1ovo .traa°rB ^»dheen ^mba. "SA"f0rflt^6Oda3;?by JQBlly Sensed Ba .aw them, beZl»^«ü^inoz?lliwHr poop,e to flra if * «o me. SvSfSSff tha Baboembi had been especially kind tonvethyavZiVart-yííll,8,ownP00Pl0 t0 'Wtome o»irowït "7 BP"«y o* twelve who had been elavosin "*' « general. They were loaded with Urge heavy wooden yoke», which aro forked trees about ihres inob.es In diameter and »even or eight feet long. The neok is inserted In the fork, and an iron bar drivsn in across from end of the ft-r* to the other, and rivetted ; the other end Is tied at night to a tree or to the calling of a hut, and the neck being firm ia the fork, the «lave is held off from »nlooslngit. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer; and when marching two jokes aro tied togefior by their fri o end«, atd loads put ou tho slaves' hoad* biiides. Women, having in additi'm lo tho yoke and load a child on the bark, havo «aid to mo on pa.n'ng, ' Tbey are killing me. if they would take off tho jokol could ruanago tho loud nnd child, but I hhall die with tbreo loads.' On« wbo »poke thus did dio, and tho poor little girl, her child, perished of starvation. I inlor ceedtd for some ; bat, when unyoked, off they bounded into the long grass, ead I was gently blamed for not oaring to prttervo tho owner's property ! AfUr a day's march under a broiling vertical tun, willi jokes and heavy loads, tho strongest oro exhausted. Tho party of twelve abr>vo-in>n tioced were sitting singing und laughing. ' Hallo!' said I, 'these ft Dows take io it kindly ; this must ba tho claa» for whom philosophers tay »lavery ia tha natural Mata;' | and I went and atkrd tbe touro of their mirth. I had to ask tbe aid of thrir owner as to tbo meaning of the word rukha, which usually means to fly »r to leap. Thoy worn utirg it to ixprces tho idea of haunting, as a ghost, and ¡Billeting disease and death; nnd tho song wa», 'Yes, wo aro going away to Mann* (abroad or white man'aland) with yokiBonour necks; Vut we ehall havo no yoke« io. dealh, «ed we thall return urd haunt and kill you.' Tho ohorus tbrn btrutk in was tbo name of tho mun who htd s'jhl oauh. of tbem, ntd then followed tbo goneial laugh, in which nt first I saw no bitterness, Pe-rwnbe, nu old inaj."t)f jVoVyeo î.°if..3r,iîïrt<to!',D!iÎ!:y>'ïhVthîa no'doubt of b,ing soon able, by giltst power, to kill oven bim. Their refrain ' «Oh, oh, oh ! " Bird of freedom, ob ! You «old mo, oh, oh, oh ! I ehall haunt you, ob, ob, oh!' " The laughter told not of roirlh, but of tho toara of suoh as were oppressed, and they had no ooaaforter. ' Ho that is higher than tbo highest regardeth.' " About north-e/Mt of Rua we havo a very largo country called Munjucina: but by tim Arabs it is shortened into Manyi ma. It ia but recently known. Tha reputation which tho Mnnyucma en jo; ed of being canuibila pre- vented the hiilf.caste Arab traders from venturing among theni. The circumstantial detail« of the practices of the men-oatcra given by neighbouring tribes were oontlrmed by two Arabs, who two year» ago went a« far.as Bambarro, and fecund the protection ond friendthip of Mnonekuxs lord of tho light-grey parrot with tcarlot tail-who was a very superior man. Tho minuto details of o»unib*l orgias given by tho Arabs' atttndunts erred by tho «beer excess of tbo fhoeking. Hod 1 believed ii ttnth part of what I wib told 1 might never havo ventured inio Manyuema; bat, fortunately, my mother nev<r frightened mo in infiinoy wilh'Bogio' nnditu/r of that eort, nnd lam not li.iblo to fits of bopiophobio, in which dilato the poor pitient believes everything awful if only it is attributed to the owner of a blatk skin. 1 have beard that the osmplaint wn.B epidcmlo lately in Jamaica, and the planters' mothers havo much to aunwor for. I hopo th.it the disenso may never spread iu tbo United Btatt-s. Tho pooplo thoro uro believed to be inoculated with common rouse. " But why go among tho cannibals at all? Waa It not uko joining tbe Alpine Club in order to bo lauded if you do not bleak jour neck whore your neck ought to be broken ? This makes mo turn back to tho waterehod as I premised. It in a broad belt of treo-cjvered upland, some "00 miles in length from woit to cant. Tho general alti tuejo is between 4000 and 6000 feet sbovo tho toa, and mountains stand on it at various points whioh aro between 0060 and 7000 feet above tbo ocan level. On this water- shed tptings arito which oro well uiKh Innumerable-that is, it would take half a man's lifetime to count tbem. Thoss springs join each father and form biooks, which again con- verge and beccrao rivers, or eay streams of 20, 40, or 80 yards, that never dry. All iluw towards the 'centro of an immense valley, which I bsllevo to bo tho Valley of tho Nile. In this trough wo ? have at first tbreo largo rivers. Then all unite into one cnormouB lnoustrino river, the central lino of drainago, which 1 name Webb's LuaUbs. In this groat valley there ore five great Iskes. One near tho upper end is ortlled Lake Btmba, or moro properly Bangweolo, but it is not a «omeo of tho Nile, for no large river bogins in luke. It ¡B supplied bya river called Chambeze and several others, which maybe considered sources; and out of it flows the largo river L»apula, which enters Lake Mooro .and comes out as the great lake rltor Lualaba to form Lako Ksmolondo. West of Kamolondo, but »till in the great valley, likes Lake Lincoln, which 1 named as my little tribute of love to the great and good man America enjoyed for somo timo and loBt. One ef ¡the three great rivers I mentioned, Bartle Frere'», or Lu (I ra, falls into Kamolondo, and Lake Lincoln becomes a.lacustrlno river, and it too joinB tho couttal line of drainage, bnt lowor down, and all three, united form the fifth lake, from which the elaveseent to me, instead of men, forced me, to my groat grief, to leave as the ' unknown lake.' By my reckoning-tbo chronometers being al! deed-it is five degrees of longitude west of Speke's position of Ujlji ; this makes it probable that the great laoustrlne river in the valley is the western branch, or Petheriok's Nile, tho Bahar Qhazal, and not the eastern branch, which Speke, Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Kgypt. If correct, Ibis would make it tho Nile ; only af tor all the Bahar Ghazal enters tbo eastern arm. " Bnt though I found tho watershed between 10--12 south-that is, a long way further up the valley than any one had dreamed-and saw the streams of pome G00 milos of it converging in the oentre of the great valley, no one know where it went after that departure out of Lake Mooro Some conjectured that it went into Tanganyika, but I saw that to do so it must run up hill. Others imagined that it might flow into the Atlantic. It was to find out where it actually did go that took me into Msnyuema. I could get so information from traders outside, and no light could be obtained from the Manyuema within-they never trarol, and it won eo of old. Thoy consist of petty head manshi ps, and each brings his griovance from somo old feud, and U worso than our old Highland ancestjra. Evory headratn of a hamlet would Uko to seo every other ruling blockhead t-lain. But all were kind to strangers ; and, though tertiblo fellows among themselves, with their large spears and hugo wooden shields, they were never known to injure foreigners till slavers tried the effects of gunshot upsn them and captured their women and children. As I could get no geographical information from them, I had to fool my way and gropo in the interminable forests and prairies, and three times took the wrong direction, going northerly, not knowing ¡bat tho great river makes Immense sweeps to the west and south-west. I felt as if I woro running my hoad against a stone wall. It might after all turn out to bo the | Congo ; and who would risk being eaten and oonverted into , black man for it F 1 bad serious doubts, but stuck to It like a Briton ; and at last found that the mighty river left its | wetting and flowod right away to the north. Tho two great { western drains, the Lnfira and Lómame, runningnorth-eist beforo joining the central line or main-Webb's Lualaba (old that the western side of the Great Valley was high, like tho eastern; and as thia main is reported to go into large reedy lakes, it can Bcaroely be aught else but the western arm of the Nile. But, beside all this- in whioh it is quite possible I may be mistaken-we havo two fountains on probably tho seventh hundred miles of the watershed, snd giving rise to two rivers-tho Liambai, or Upper Zambese, and the Eafue, whioh fl«w into Inner Ethiopia ; and two fountains aro reported to rise in the same quarter, and, forming Lufira and Lómame flow, as we have seen, to tho noith. These four full-grown gushing fountains, rising so noar eaoh other, and giving origin to four largo rivers, answer in a certain degree to the description given of the unfathomable fountains of the Nile by tho secretary of Minerva, in the city of Sais in Egypt, to tho fatber of all travellers, Herodotus. But I havo to oon f(£g that it is a little presumptuous in mo to put this for- ward in Central Africa, and without a single book of refer- ence, on the dim recollection of reading the ancient historian in boy hoed. The waters were said to well up from an nu- | fatht moble depth, and then part, half north to Egypt and half south to Inner Ethiopia, Now, I have heard of the fountains aforementioned so often I cannot doubt thoir ex- istence, and I wish to clear up the point In my ooncluding tup. 1 am not to be considered as speaking without hesita- tion, but prepared, if I seo reason, to oonfesi tnjsolf wrong. No one would like to be considered a dißciple of the testy, old, would-bo geographer who wrota «Innor Africa Laid Open,' and swore to his fancies till he became blue In the face. The work would all have boen finishod long ogo had the matter of supplies of men and goods not been entrusted by mistake to Banians and thoir slaves, whose efforts wero all faithfully directed towards eocuring my failure These Banians are protected English subject«, and by their money, their muskets, their ammunition, the East African Moslem slavo trade is mainly oarried on. The cunning East Indians secure moat of the profits of the slave trade, and adroitly lot tho odium rest on tho Arab agents. The Banians will not harm a flea or a mosquito, but my progress in geography has led me to the disoovery that they are by far the worst cannibals in all Africa. They compass, by means of Arab agents, the destruction of mere human lives for gain in one year than the Manyuema do for their flesh pots in ten. The matter of supplies and men wa« nnwittingly committed to these our Indian follow subjects, who hate to see mo in their slave market, and dread my disclosurcB on the infamous put they play. The slaves wero all imbued with the idea that they were not to follow, but foroe mo back, and after rioting on my goods for sixteen months on the way instead of three, tbe whole stock of goods was sold off for slaves and Ivory. Somo of the slaves who came to Manyuema so boflled and worried me that I had to return between 600 and 6C0 miles. The only help I have received, except half a supply which I dlepatohed from Zanzibar in 186S, has;been from Mr. Stanley, your travelling correspondent, and certain remains of stores which I noised from the slaves sent from Zanzibar seventeen months ago-and 1 had to come baok COO miles to effect the seizure. I wait hore TJnyenycmbc-only till Mr. Stanley can send me fifty free men from the coast ; end then I proceed to finish up tho geographical part of my mission. I came baok to tho slavery question, and if I am permitted in any way io proiuoto its suppression, I shall not grudga the toil and time J have spent. It would bo bptcor to lessen huaun woo than discover tho sources of tho Nile. I " When paTtics leave TJjiji to go westwards into Many- uema the question a6kod is not what goods they have, but how many guns and kegs of gunpowder. If thoy havo 200 or 300 muskets at'd ammunition in proportion, they think success is certain. .No traders having ever baforo ontored Manyuema, the value' of ivory was quite unknown. Indeed, the tusks were left in tHe forests with tho other bones whore the animals had been sWu-many were rotten, others were ¿tawed by a rodent animal to sharpen bis teeth, as Londou rata do on leaden pipes. If civilly treated, the pooplo weat Into the forest to spots wbore they knew elephants bad been killed either by traps or spears, and bought the tusks for a few copper bracelet«. I havo seen p»rtie« return with so much Ivory that tbey carried it by thrte re-lays of hundreds of slaves. But oven this did not Bttixfy human greed, TbeManjuema wero found to bo terrified by tho report «f guns; some, 1 know, bol loved tbem to bo supernatural, for whin tbe »fleets of a musket ball was shown on a gsat, they looked up to the clouds, and offeree t>> bring ivory to boy the chaim by which lightning was drawn down. When a village was astaulUd, tho men fled in terror, and women otd children wero captured. Many of the Many- uema women, especially far down tho Lualabs, are very pietiy, ligbt coloured, and lovely. It was common to hear tbe Zanzibar slaves - whose faoes ronoruble the features of London door-knockers, which somo atrocious itoiifuundcr thought vero Uko thoto of lions-say to fach other, ' Ob, if we had Manyuema wives, what pietty children wo should got! Manyuema men aid women were all vattly superior to tho slaves, who evidently felt tho inferiority thoy bad acquired by wallowing in tbe mire of bondage. Many of tho men were tall, strapping: fellows, with but little of what we think ditlinctive of tbo negro about tbem. If ono relioi on (bo teachings of phrenology, tho Manyuema men would dike a high plao« in tbo human family. Thoy felt ttVir superiorly, und often said, truly, ' Wura it not for fire- arms, not ono of tbo strangers would ever leavo our ctunlrj-.' If a comparison wero instituted, and Man jutrea, tauen at random, placedoppositeNsay.Jh<>1p0"-ïrVôin of the AntbroiotojHc^Px'tboutd like"to take my place alongVido "tbo MaByurinn, on tho principio of preferring the company of my betters; tho t hiloemphers would look woefully maggy. But though the 'inferior raoe,' as wo coTnpasionately call them, have finely formed hoads, end often beiiidtomo features, they oro undoubtedly canni- bals. It was moro difficult to ascertain this than may be .imagined. Somo think thoy cm dotect the gnawirgs of tho canino toeth of our caunibil nncostry on fotsil bones, though tho canino teeth of dogB ore pretty much like tbo human. For many a m nth nil the evidence) ' I ccu'tl collcet amounted only to what would lead a Ücotoh jut j to give a verdict of ' not proven.' This arose partly frem ibu fellows being fond of a joke, and they Uko to horrify nnjonowho seemed credulous. They led ono of my people, who believed oil they said, to boo the Bknll of a recent bunnin victim, and ho invited mo in triumph. I found it to be tho tkull of » goiillah-hero called Soko end for the first time became aware of tbo exietecoe of tho animal there. Tho country abounds in food of all kinds, and tho rich eeil ralees everything planted in great luxuri etce. A friend of mino tried rico, nnd in between throo and four months it j ¡elded ono hundred and twenty fold; tbreo measures of teed jielded three hundred and sixty measures. Maize is so abundant that I havo neon forty-fivo loads, tath about GO lbs., given for a einglo goat. Tho ' maizenura'-or 'hoicus eorghum Tcnnieetuin cat?Bana' sweet potatoes, jams, furnished in no stinted measure, tho farinaceous ingredients of diet ; tho palm oil, tho ground nuts, and n fprett treo afford tho fatty materials of food ; tbo bananas and plantains, in great profusion, and tho sugar-cans the taccharino ; the palm toddy, beer of 'lanosas, tobacco osd bange, canabis saliva, form tho .luxuries cf lifo ; and the villages swarm with goats, sheep, ¡dogs, pigs, and fowls ; wbilo the elephants, buffaloes, zebias, und pokes or gorillahn, jieldtotho expert hunter plenty of nitrogenous ingredients of human food. It was puzzling to seo why they should bo cannibals. New Z'iv littaeis, wo wero told, wero cannibals bcoiuso thoy bad killed all tber gipantio birds (moa, &c; ), and they »ero converted from tho mnn-eating porsua tùn by Ho introduction of pigs. But tho Manyuema havo plenty of pigs and other domestio animals, and yet they oro cannibals. Into tbo reasons for their cannibalism I do not enter. Thoy say that human flesh le sot equal to that of goats or pigs; it is saltish, nnd makes them Dream of tbo dead. Why fine looking men uko thom should bo to low in the moral scale can only bo attributed to the son-introduction of that religion which makes thoeo distinctions among men which phrenology and other olegies cannot explain. The rcligie n of Christ is unques tie-Dally the bett tor mau. I refer to it not as the Pro- testant, tbo Catbolio, tho Greek, or any other, but to tho comprehensive faith which has spread moro widoly over tho world than most people imagine, and whose votaries of whatever Mum o are better men than any outsido tho pate. We bave, no doubt, grievous faults, but these, se in Paris, ire owing to the want of religion. Christians generally «re better than tbe heathens, but often do not know it, and tbey are all immeatnrsbly better than they believe each other to be. "The Munynema women, especially far down the Lualabs, aro very pretty and very industrious. The market Is, with them, a great institution, and they work bard and carry far, in order to have something to sell. Markota are established about ten or fifteen miles apart. There those who rsite oaseava, maize, grain, sweet pototacs, exchange tbem for oil, salt, pepper, fish, and other roliehes ; fowls, also figs, goats, grass clotb, mats, and other articles ohange hands, All are dresttd in their .best-g»ut}y-oo)ouretj, many folded kilts that reach from, the waist to the knee. When 2000 or 3000 ate together they enforce juttico, though chiefly women, and they are so eager traders they set off in companies by night, and bogin to run as soon as they come within the hum arising from hundreds ef voices. To haggle, and joke, and laugh, and cbeat, seems to be tbo dearest esj lyment of lite. Tb- y confer great benefits upon each other. The Bizenya women are export divers for oysters, and sell them and the fish for.farinaceous food from the women on the east of tbe Lnalaba, who prefer cultivating tho soil to fishery. The Manyuema havo always told us that women going to market wore never molested. When tho men of two districts wero in actual hostilities the women passed through from one market to another unharmed ; to tako her goods, even ia war, was a thing not to bo done. But to those market women the half-castes directed their guns. Two oases that came under my own observation were so sickening I cannot allow tbo mind to dwell upon or write about them. Many of both sexeB wero killed, but tho women and children chiefly wero made captives. No matter how much ivory tbey obtain these ' Nigger Moslems ' must havo slaves, and tbey assaulted the markets and villages, and made captivus chiefly, ob it appeared to mo, becauso as the men run off at the report of guns, thoy coull do it without danger. I bad no iden before how bloodthirsty men can bo when they can pour out the blood of fellow- man In safety. And all this carnage is going cn in Manyuema at the very time I write. It is the BBninans, our protected Indian fellow- sub- jects, thnt indirectly do it all. Wo havo conceded to the Sultan of Zanzibar the right, which it wn^ not ours to give, of a certain amount of slave trading, and that amount has been from 12,000 to 20,000 a year. As we have seen, those aro not tiaded for but murdered for. They are not slaves, but free people modo captive. A BUltan with a sense of justico would, instead of taking bead-money, declare that all were freo as soon as they reached his territory, But the Banians have tbo custom-honso and all the Sul- tan's revenue entirely in their hands. He oannot trust his Mubainodsn subjects, even of the better class, to farm bis income, because, as they themselvos say, he would get nothing in return but a crop of lies. The Banians naturally work tbo custom-house so as to screen their own slaving agents ; and, so long a» they have the power to promote it, their atrocious system of slaving will nover cease. For the sako of lawful commerce it would be politio to ineist that the Sultan s revenue by the custom-houBo should be plaocd in the hands of an English or American merchant of known reputation and uprightness. By this arrangement the Sultan would be largely benefited, legal commerce would be exalted to a position it has never held since Banians and Moslems emigrated into Eastern Africa, and Christianity, to which tho slave trade is an insurmountable barrier, would find an orien door. " David Livingstone. " James Gordon Bennett, Esq." 