MWXOVKItlAm FROM SYOMSY, V • ,,lOondemed from/the Citji, Papers.), ,£ik James Martin has. token open grounds a . ia^icstion^f protective jmnbiploii tn an impor- • *«nt industry. <-Theimpoeition of sixpenoe per gallon has^driventheAtnerioan oilout^ofthe : »n«rket^gtven'.^>ar owit^peopleithe'skfll whioh • *hey "needed,- and . enabled them to supply-fihe ipublio with .oil ut one-third of what they had to pay for it when firstimported." "The millers hove advanood flour one pound per ton to-day, and there is some expectation of a further advance. The city is fall of gold- diggers, and nothing is talked ofexc'ejit gold, tin, :^ind copper. '' Sir Hercules Robinson has ordered all the leading country papers to tie sent to hi« address. Heis making himselfexoeedihgly popular among -allclasses. . ';.'•'••:= • -'-j! '" •-.• WEDNESDA _ A Miv, Eottoi), "who was a candidate for a seat lnPariiament at the last election, has brought *n action for libel against the Bathurtl'limes. The cause hits occupied several days, but it wag determined lastnight. The" verdict was, for the plaintiff with one shilling damages. It is •supposed that onch party will be iBfttopny'his own costs—the aggregate being about a thous- .. and pounds. > -- , ': A man was killed last night in attempting to float the 5a«onta, which was wrecked atNew- IJastle. • , . -.. • A case <sf assault said to hare been committed by a Roman Catholic Piiest upon a -doctor who was in attendance upon a sick womau is attracting traversal atttention. The priest had been sent for to attend the dying woman ' but the doctor deemed his presence dangerous -and ordered him oat of-the room. Some words •occurred, and finally .a sort of scuffle, which latter was the -foundation of the charge. The magistrates fined the priest twenty shillings and •oosts. This trial was reported at groat length in the Evening News, and as itpaitook o! the sensational, some thousands of -extra copies of that paper were sold. The Governor of South Australia arrived in Sydney to-duy. H e expoots to remain ubouta week. • Several accusations of favoritism having been madeagainst surveyors-employed in the-northern Wirt of the colony, the Surveyor-General was instructed toy the Minister for Xonds /(the Hon. James S. Pamell) (to investigate the charges TO- Serredto, and ileft Sydney for that purpose on Saturday night. At a meeting-ofrtbe Missionary Committee -of" the Presbyterian Churoh, held yesterday in the •session-house <Jf St. Stephen's. Church, Mae- •qnnrie-streot, Bcv..Br. Steel, convenor, in the ' chair,—George Ah Len, a -Cbine.se missionary, •who has -been forffive jears past laboring under •the direction of the Presbyterian Church of Viicitoriu, and has ibeen .brought oyer on the invitationof. this -Committee to act in>the same .capacity in this colony, was introduced bv -the -con: . Tenor, and welcomed by.ghe Committee. AN Tangements were madetforhis entering at ouce •on the work of-an evangelist among his. own •countrymen in Sydney and the suburbs. •Central Police Court; in the prosecution of Mory Ann Xing, for -unlawfully wounding, on -being :nsked by the deposition clork how he spelled his sname, replied thai he could not tell—that he •Wfle no-scholnr. He said, in replyto questions by Mr. Smart, the .sitting Justioe, that he was nineteen vyears of age, -bot had never been -to either-school or church—had >nevor been taught •eichor-to =read or writer hadnever been at: •sohoolj-nor doos he ever go to churchy his father •and mother nre -both.alive, and -.when he has no 'work his father -keeps him., His Worship extpressed .bis Hstonishment-thot parents should be :so disgracefully negligent of their .children as :thiB young mah'-s parents -appear .to have boon. There >was no business doing in ftlie import •markets to-day, owing to the inclemency of the' <weathor and :the arrival of the R.M.S. Tuigore's imail. -Private advices ifrom England are in ao- •cord with-the telegramf previously.-received, and sare consideredhighly favorable toholders. The •value of.iron and .iron Wares is especially affected -by-the news fromhome reporting a considerable \--ad vance in quotations. The -Foochoo tea market •was firm-at an advance of from one to two. taels -on previous month's quotations, as. the second •crop was likelyto-be very small and-inferior. • IHOHSDAT. Letters have been Teceived by the T-anjore (from-the friends of the late John Bridger, BCiknowledging- receipt of ithe partaoularB of his •dreadful murder 4n Much last, which were forwarded to-them by Mr. J. E. Moore. From iinfor-mation .received.from Bridger'e -family, it appears thathe-wasthe youngest of eleven chil. •dren, theonly one unmarried, and almost the eole eupportofhis aged.parents, who are plunged sin the deepest grief at hiB cruel and untimely death. His friends believe that at the time ofithe murder he -was in,possession of about £160 ^consisting <of-money he brought out with him -and his pay as steward, &c.; Previous to his •death he had written home, .promising to remit 4E30 by the next mail. The following letter (from ithe Rev. Charles Hardy, Vicarof Hayling mear Portsmouth, will no doubt-be'read with io-1 4erestrby>the friends of-poor Bridget—" Havling Wicarage* Havant, Hants, 3rd July, 1872. "Dear •Sir,—J beg yop will accept tny cordial thanks •for >your 'kind Kjourtosy inaenung me the newsjpaperacontairiing the particulars relating tothe murder df the late -John Bridger. Those wbioh .70U «ent 'for .bis heart-broken jnothen, and the photograph, I <have given into her hands. Both iis jmarents, and also all the members of his ^family, iutre Toquested me to offer to you their %est acknowledgments for these, and also for the further particulars -of the trial of the culprits, „ whichyou are good enough to promise to send. I cquite well remember giving J. Bridget -the •certificate ttlluded to in the evidence given at the inquest, and the ooijecture that it was given *to enable him to enter the M avy as a steward is «true one. How little did either he or I anticijjatethat in the end it would bring him to so tragical «nd cruel a death. Again let me ask jrou to aocept mj sinoere thanks for your kind «nd considerate thought of my foor parishioners And myself and to believe me to remain. Tour obliged and faithful servant — CHAHLES HAKOT. What a few months ago would be considered absurd prioes for iron -ore now general. £50 is Jisked for Gospel oak galvanized, £28 for plate, £26 for black fencing wire, and pig has been sold at £9 10s. The tea njirket has been strengthened by late adyices from China, and holders of •last season's orop are confident of getting more satisfactory prices than iftliey sold before, owing to the high prices at which the new teas have •been selling at Foocboo. Mr. Parkcsis now in the West where he has ibeen very cordially received. Sir James Martin lias taken the alarm and is going ont also. F&IDAT.; For some weeks past the price o( meat in Sydney has been considerably in advanoe of what it was for some length of time previously in fact, mutton is nearly double the price it was two or three months ago. A variety of causes has contributed to this result, the principal of which is the scarcity of fat stock. On 'UuuDarl- >ng Downs, the Burnett, and DawsonwBSfji, the seasons for the last two years have brtnSu^i that there lias been a considerable diminution «n the number or sheep on the runs. From Uiose districts large Quantities of liitsho»p were usually received in this !harketi./!>rhUsi com parativelyfewrtfnowo^ been 'a great fallihg off in the nnmb^B pf sheep and cattle in manyol^er distrioti of (he colony, theftea«onsK^ preferr^todispQre^ft^ theirjrons^ flow.-bei^grfelt jin the marl^t. In. -souie-instan^^jprobahly^^.tbe'liigtf ^'p^'vTi^jw^ influehc^;squa:ttersinTetaim sheepin preference to »ending them r io ni^rke't/ ' .'Then a^ihthoTOtit^ 'colony, '-'notably 'on the Xiverf^l-?PlMnfl, :lias interfered greatly with tho : travelling of stock to inarket.' Another cause of the .high price of stock arises from the quantities that are now required for . the. meat-preserving ' establishments. The mineral discoveries liave also contributed in. some -degree^ to the general result, through the number of men. formerly engaged in pastoral-occupations having left their usual vocations and turned .their attention to mining. The price of mutton in the city is now almost equal to the priee' of beef,. and. may be quoted from 3d. to Sd. per lb.: If thera has been the same : diminution of stock generally throughout the colony, it may be some time before the Y. price of meat will be'lowered. But if it has been confined to'the districts, named, the high price of meat will probably ind uce those breeders who have been more favored wUh good seasons to send their, fat stock -to market. Yesterday'afternoon, Mr. P."; Gibson, smith and engineer, -of Bathurst-street, exhibited a number of American implements'anil models of machinery at the City-. Council Chambers, Wynyard-square. The Mayor; a large number of the Aldermen, and officer* of the Council were present. Mr. Gibson, at considerable length, described the models and implements and other constructions that had 'come under his niticie during a residence in San Francisco. The first articles he exhibited were^some braces, to fit any sized bits, being a considerable improvement upon those in use in this colony; a patent spoke pointer, which very much simplified the work as usually performed; diagonal bit borer, a -small implement by means ofwhich a hole was readily bored in a corner; an improved. spoke-shave, with plate blades like a common plane, the plates being easily replaced; a drawing- knife, with a -swedged blade; a cut washer, for buggy wheels, graduated in inches. There was a very ingeniously constructed selfacting whip socket, tobe attached to the dash, by means of which a whip may be securely held. The exhibitor produced a short length of vulcanized indiarubber—-a substance now very extensively used in America with great advantage, applied to the springs of vehicles as buffers, and for many other purposes, and which he /suggested might be used here for similar pur* poses. A novel style ot ringbolt was shown, the use of which did away with the necessity of making holes in axles; also a tire-jumping machine by tho use of which tires are shortened without being cut. A. model of tC very useful instrument used in America for road-making was then described. Acting like a large shovel, it cuts into a hill ,aud raises three or four hundredweight of earth, and draws it. aside to where it is to be deposited. This is done by the -capsize of the machine. It -is worked by horse-power, and does the work of four or five men with ordinary drays. They are used •very extensively, in America. The cost was said to be 17 dollars. The machines known at sand-paddies, used for the removal of large quantities of sand in large works in America, were also described. Mr. Gibson then went on "to. speak of the tramways of San Francisco, showing how they were worked in the different thoroughfares. A model of a double plough was next shown, -and its advantage over the ploughs in use in the colony was pointed put. By means of side wheels it could be readily 'conveyed along a road us if it were a cart; the depth -of the furrow could be easily regulated.; and the driver did not require to exercise any great, skill. Sitting upon the top of the plough, he drove the horses, and the work, was done with a speed and efficiency not attnined by the common plough. A section of the wrought iron wutermains used in San Fran, ciso was produced. The Mayor expressed himself -highly. gratified with the exhibition they had.witnessed and the lecture of Mr. Gibson, and hisTegret that there had not been a larger audience. Other members of the Council also expressed satisfaction with the exhibition. SATUBIMK. The Berald saysi—" A lengthened period has' elapsed' since the import .markets were marked by the firm feeling which now prevails amongst holders." It quotes Adelaide flour ut £ 16 to £16 . 10s. the best Sydney at £16 net cash, and maize at 2s. to 2s. 2d. Sugars command a ready sale, and at present the markets may be said tobe in the hands of the Sugar Company. Two cargoes of new tea are hourly expected, but are not likely to go into consumption for some time, unless the trade are prepared to payjmuch higher figures than were offered at last sales. A deputation waited upan the Postmnster- Q-eneral to-day to urge that the English Mail may -no longer be dispatched on Sunday. Mr. Lloyd promised to considor the matter. A sailor was stabbedin the streets last night. It is thought that-the wound will not prove mortal. Letters from England speak very highly of Australian wines, which would enter largely into consumption if the supply were commensurate with the demand. MONDAY. The Governor has announced bis intention to visit Maitland shortly- Dr. Lang, yesterday, announced his intention to resign the pastorate-ofhis ohnrch, on the completion of the fiftieth year of hiB ministry — an enrent which will occur on the 22nd of this momh. He intends to devote himself to the work of raising a native ministry. TUESBAY. The Governor of South Australia left Sydney for Tasmania to-day. Mr. Parkes is expected to return to the city to-morrow. He has been welcomed everywhere he went. The Governor, Sir James Fergusson, and the Ministers, all went out to the Zig Zag yesterday. Sir James Fergusson greatly admired the works. Two young men narrowly escaped drowning in the harbor yesterday. They were sailing and the boat capsized. A lecture on the infallibility of the Popo was delivered by Bev. Dr. Barsantio last night. He said that papal infallibility did not mean the immunity of tho Pope from error ; nor was it a divine iuspirution, snch as that which waB granted and possessed by the Prophets, the Apostles, or . the Evangelists, or the inspired writers. But papal infallibility in its theological moaning meant nothing less than a special Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by which the Pope was enabled to preserve holy, to expound faithfully, and to reveal the truths contained in the depository of Faith. There was nothing puzzling, nothing startling, nothing contrury to the Scripture, he maintained, in the dogma. Papal infallibility did not affect the Pope as a private man, but in bis official, public,, solemn, saorod capacity, when he spoke ex cathedra in his position as Pope; and he derived this prerogative not from his many good qualities and endowments, but simply by relying on the promises of Christ* made to the Churoh. The Clarence und Richmond River Steam Navigation Company huve made a call of £1 per share. The ship La llogue for Sydney passed Capo Otwuy to-dny. * 