NEWS FROM FRANCE. [By our Paris Correspondent.] Paris, June 15. The Military Service Bill may now be considered the law of the bad, and no every fit citizen k obliged to became a soldier at 3d, remain on active duty for fire yean according to special crreum stances, then to join tbe reserve until 40 yean of age. Hea inteodtd fir the Church, far tbe omee of scfccolm—tfr, are, like CoOags pwrfessors, majtod boa going under foe, exact as am lancka-s. Gambetta opposed aO exemp tions as a privilege and kading to abuses, and as it i? rar nesstry that a door ahnuM in favor of candidates for the Church «t the profession of schoolmaster, open* a door very wide fur evasions of tiw lav. The teal fight was over the article fixing the period of service for active doty. There wen high authorities in favor of three, foox,*ad five year*. Tbe shorter period u the PraariM plan, nuka excellent aoMfen, and allows them to return eariier to civil duties. It vm Olnstrioa? General Thiers who carried, or nther forced, the Assembly to adopt tbe term of five yean. Prince Frederick Charles, the highest of authorities on modem war, observes, relative to the three yean* service—Some men with thick aknlls moat be kept longer thaa others to be made a soldier, bat it b an error to think the longer a man is kept the better soldier he becomes. The first year the recruit passes his time crying in the hospital, dunking of his grttdte*, and dreaming of his home. The ascond year he is a good pupil, knows his drill, exer cises with taste. The third year he com mences to be a drankard, thinks he knows enough of his profeaskm, chad the young recruits; this is the moment to send him home, save to recall him when wanted. The French say that if they had not a Government they would hare nothing to laugh at. M. Thiecs, in again menacing to resign, if the Assembly did not accept his dozy of five years' service for recrsata, assumed a. position painfully ridiculous. There was no justification for Jove to be angry; the majority was with him—a fact which he well knew. Bat he desired to break his butterfly on the wheeL Every journal in France condemns him; the Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loan be raised, for it does not intend to be governed inany Tadorfsshion, and has had enough of autocrats. Be sides, If. Thiers promised to remain Chief of the State, and not degenerate into a mere Cabinet Minister, lie has pronri to be the most absolute of mislwi, op posed, as he has ever been, to every n***~> >1 reform, from cheap postage and railways up to non-intervention and free trade. As M. Thiecs pales, Gambetta rises; because the latter is the only "?"^Hafa? who has a fixed end and a vigorous pro gramme—Napoleon excepted; bat Sedan is as deeply down among the dead men as Henry V. and Louis-Phfllippe 11\. The return to power of Gambetta would be as unfortunate as the restoca tumofaoyof tiw thne pntenden; yet he might be the least of the evils. He leads an active, disciplined party, as united in the Assembly as in the country. M. Thiers is killing the "moderate*' re public, whose advent and saeeess could regenerate France without cosspelUng her to pass once more through a aery fur nace. But ILThiers has no fixed policy; no aim beyond an obstinate detsnaina tion to carry oat hk personal views, play ing with and using all parties in turn— running with the hare, and holding with the hounds. It is to casrigstn such a dissolving mode of government that three of the richest and most conservative elec toral districts of France have just riiws, by monster majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambetta. Old age cannot govern France, nor a feeble policy brace her up. As M. Thiers becomes more tyrannical and narrow-minded, Gambetta becomes more violent and nrifrrJ lago was nothing, if not critical; Gambetta is Wff^^g, if not volcanic The "Women's Rights" question has once more come forward. The Society for the civil **"?""*$ p?t"*n of woman its journal, and recently opened profed inga with a banquet, Victor Hugo MnJirtg "health and apostolic benedict ion" to aUoe in die taM to dkcnss the win location ; lint, because womb mn tin ■en in thk country ; and, secondly, the ?ef rofeue* fa?vr rather prejudioad Oe ae- Bording of nwHmitad liberty to the fair «• ,?•? Bkae potato tit* basbiad,** ImrfaaroUS. Of t?« iiriM, ane—either the wife nt obey the hav bead, or the hushsait the wife. The throws, trail Prance, when hmijmb m so menl, whkh protecta the fanny from dkutginii rtion. It to aeonl, sot legal force the wife ought to wield ; it k the head, and not the heart that the LcgiditameaMbL lWehiMcfcugato the mother without evw nnmsnuing ie dw slave or lilimiiae, and that Mtanal power k greater, n it tnta upon ao law, as it springs from the heart and gen right to theaooT ASYK^torodacekuabaadato Fal£l their obligations towards their wives ■ugntdo atom gort tha* «a anncirtioa to endow wives with rotes. Where im* band and wife undfsstsiid each other, the woman <i Million k ever shown the door. After the dawuauoa an the Army Bfll i% ended, the finiafial aWtc of the country wfll be debated. Tbe fraetnders ace determined not to allow M. Thiers to have Us way in favor of protection, Tha additional imm required k to be tmiaed by an inuiasii tax—vary slight; tbe object is to get in the thin end cf tha wedge. Some of the new sources of tax atkm are proving productive, bat nuMh economy ie required in their mode of eytUrtitm Then are too aaany aril the ex-Eaapire, when f?iaHkni and *x travagance wan ao rampant. The Dae de Chokeal m Mniafer of Finance under Look XV.; on one nncaainti he informed that auauch in con fidence that he had awed five aa?kas in one month in the natiiuial eajwiavs, and deaindtokswwwhatlwwmitodo with it. "Oivvmethreemidionundkeep two yourself,* was the nply of Lou the Wen-beloved. The fepuUk hn ehangal all thk kind of book-keeping, w^ich has been peculiar to all dynasties in Frinwi Tbe convict ships ham at but aetaaO for New Oalmdnnia with the tritons and Ilie??inaaamoftinCoanme. Beehefert wfll likely rritia a wiaungi ia France- It k only n voyage for the umdfaiamd— n*rtVng mote —as a general amnesty k certain to be proclaimed by phalli im partyanoeeedaM. Thiera. Twoorthrae yean at aeoat, and the over-aidant patziots will be brought back, and perhaps the agenta who oo?doct them now to the Pacific Oeean will Ikfwnmitim be aenteneed to take their place. The nijmiliilitj of saxh as event au j explau whytheasthoritie? bestow great Hndnem onthefannsnarted—aaasang fiii mils of the saannnon oE ns?uJhtMOnanaas. T^a mdy fill misliiasia or scaled dores by pro f«nston—are, by acmnonji cnMaiansa, to sail for HewGakdoasa in the " Vkgkaa." Farther, a showman ana unarm that in * few weefalw win have nix «f the natms of that penal settlement for exhifaeaan, in gaaianfaad fnslam sad war paint. Parisians wfll be anxkms to make the aoqnaintanaeof thtir relatives'new nakja k?; Ip^to??eytolamicaa?umJinm. Tfae atatktks of Bans, ao far as the ressJtant tneoensne an Known, ii—n the opkaon that the popsOatMn has not dimhuabed, b«t k about 0m aameasit was six yean ago nearly two unHkna A marked social damya has tnknm pin*; tkt wealthy portions of the city nan boas moderate, uunamnwnfly there an im aaense namem and Uodk. of anlmlil dwdbngs twianthna The Franah in tka nafcet smflay an. «( the moat sfiiMi paasatof mmrcaaiactar—a. oen tempt for keensng up aaaaannom whan the pane k«oaannmtrn. Unagkaaaat eiiwaaiis in Park; the tecal tasaa an ful debt to?sra^whkh themajsenl an OoMmVmmtaft UMnamHtL WSJ flnMafMltm^* MsmmtT, aad famfc tacas, fln> Maniri|i?l CammcO. k brings anrttan into «r4ar. bk at tine cental asaxket when tine kspeats an levied on tha food sappfim, the assy being ad vakwem, ana at anaat danhk. wfll b>m tHa^ 7game*^Q, ban dow fowl •, and . V^* — -1.. r i,, _jT nil — 40^1 Z IBamMS- XaW JlmlMafl <■ §■> «■■ aaaOSmwT «*CBBaaa*m% mtsmtV A w?mttVaHala law. ft* portkm to the aniilinr at hands it faaau through, whkh nay aceoant far a few prodaed by shocks, giahkaiiidsd inlii S?e dawn nhntai aad tnrhot. «*.. pay 8 to 10; aohm, ena, *c, 6; ana ha^rmga, aaraiaaa, a*., ? far oam. Theu the cook Ma her nmrkat penny ao ealnujeoaaly tisst tike b—L- flmlaaaanni tt4fi*?J fak Sahv ■wwf for robbery; «w item m tha aoeouam was SS sous for n bundle of ndkhes, whkh can be bought anywhen forthne! Bn«aemknotnry"atoanc," as the phrase k; Bark aoas a fair export trade, bat load limnailinni an ■text to dead, ao the muaft tnaas an rapidly wiapmrlmg onm jatjnmjU.wiflk noprospoetof a iiaam|<nai Im tha famtat that at tins naaatmaWook thehosvy msy-fliea from the tren a taaCaaaam Byste, atickiag ? pin in their faaeka, aadwattefcsgtaMtottfa^sallmt theininiiil arHfto tar <mo aoas aaehjo work to do—the «oU wet ■naftls Imit destroyed the insects, aad with them a petit commerce. The newspaper fande k moat prosptsons. Paris hm now C8 dafly journals, aad the cry w. eta tihey cone. The tennWy is to hnag oat morning nther than eveamg, editions. The pruraietors hsn no great maxinty to provide early nawa. The " bbmTintelMgenoe" k apeeahmn7 of the Anglo-Saxon. The Latam hare Gad that timriam on abate** P^Btim ami Mk faatikS pnfa, wemun Jfanjn atai bOium she writas, not far FnaA men,butfbratsnkind The defeat of tin "favorite at our Derby laat?aaday has not east • gleam over the capital; one aportmg jonnal prom that the French rating otads an only Bnglirii onnin dkg-ke, and hanoa, Cremona has only beaten a 1. ii i from hkowa stable. On tint nan. of the nee, auto an intaaeliiinal Ut took place n tin abaan saiiiani, be tween the honey inl a i all of gnan and Enrland. The aafane earned «f tha ba%anata befon the Waterloo straggle was fought. The number of Manas at the Derby ia tin Bokde Itimliafr, the dkpUy of weab*_and laxnry aaade «ae Aononuankd wMm a fband ami law hired detoetivat, I vkitai a few akjhm ago the rue Haxo, whan 60 hoatagn— priests, aoldkn, jonmsliam, aad polke men—were barhannmy ahot by tha Oon •mtowJaj tin bat days af its Beiga of Terror. The bodies wen thrown into a coaoeon aatar ekae by. It waa and tin ghosts of the vietaas aaaeand ___^_. _ **4| ammmmmmmamwaamYmmmw: wammaw?am\ •WBfy tUffUt Wm •H^!nw?VmT*> We took up iiaalini hat in niankht, <tad -^ *gg 9im a,, manaag. wiaa chuna^yarda are anaaaaal to anaja to no. We nar a iHWaabat a eaatima, aad heard oaiy tin faung nin. The police, who wanon thehMk-ovtiarthe iirrsuns who "do theapirita," wan aho dkappontn%alon«ghat one tine any heneved th«r a^m « fhaa?ma* aanaas oaaeengninrme. KkMatythanagai psan of Ahaesere on a par with tin HaKoghonta. Marshal Banna'atrialHk aow nsid wi? rnmniism on the lat Jury, as the ufams of tin hjltlt fialli wfll then be ready for the Court. Then an ? penaas n ployed prtyeriag and arnagngtheaaen a-r docanenta, andthse^panajajtt. trial an i iiHMinil to amount to aOO^BO agaar meat nsave v aasvicnu* san n thk metier the peopm wQI ham ae they sngladtohnr the Mama 118 ahtJJ have no more interest in its preaer- Tation. The pren ia unanimous in daiming a fair trial, and abstain from prejudging "the greatest traitor of modern tunes. 11 . Strange neutrality ! 