JAPAN. The Japan mail brings news from Yokohama to April 9, but there are few matters of material interest except what seems to have been a ground less report of an intended attack upon the Mikado, and the more senous reality to wnicn we nave before referred— the partial destruction by fire of the City of Yedo. The following is the official report of the supposed attempt upon the Sovereign's life, as published in the Government Gazette of March 26: — 'At 4 o'clock this morning 10 persons dressed in white garments, carrying long staves, and bearing the appearance of Yamabushi, came to the 0t£gomon (front gate of the Mikado's palace). The guard stopped them, and asked what they wanted, on which they stated that they wished to lay a complaint directly before the Government, and tried to force their way in. Upon this they were conducted within the square gate, and promised that if they had any further petition to make it should be communicated to the proper authorities; but they refused to listen, and at last drawing swords advanced to attack the guard. la consequence they were arrested, and those who violently resisted were shot down.' A list of the men follows, from which it appears that four were killed on the spot, one was severely wounded, and five were made prisoners. The report of the great fire occupies several columns. We subjoin extracts: — 'Such fires as that which took place in Yedo on Wednes day, April 3, have been rare in the extreme. Eighteen years since Yedo fell a victim to the flames; but never since then has there been any fire which could be compared to that tragic event. It is indeed impossible for any one who has not seen the devastation and desolation which has taken place to believe that the capital has been really visited with such a dire and wide-spread calamity. When we think of two square miles of a crowded city laid to waste, 20,000 persons rendered homeless; 10,000 houses burnt, and from 250 to 350 persons killed, the mind fails to comprehend the state to which the city has been reduced. In travelling from Yokohama to Yedo by road, it was soon apparent that something unusual had happened. Jin-riki- sha by the hundred— we had almost said thousand — were on Thursday morning to be seen coming to Yokohama from Yedo, each person carrying with him some small article of house hold use which had been fortunately saved from the flames. Their faces, too, told a tale of suffering. Sad, dejected, and dis heartened, they seemed to be only desirous of placing a few miles between their old homes and their temporary abodes. The fire, from all that can be learnt, broke out at 3.15 p.m. on Wednesday in an Aidzu Yashiki within the second moat of the Castle. A gale was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Suddenly the fire jumped as it were the two moats, the intervening roads, and a whole block of houses, and then struck a Japanese house, and with almost the speed (of lightning rushed onward towards the Tokaido. Meanwhile the fire also worked in the other direction against the wind, and burned up the block of houses which had before escaped. The space betwcen_the Castle and the Tokaido is now nothing but 'a heap of ruins, with here and there a mudgodown standing uninjured, like the ghost of the houses which before surrounded it. Not one stone remains standing on another, not one house has escaped the general destruction ; from the Nihon Bashi downward in a line with Tsukiji, and from the Castle to the sea is one bare field of desolation and ruin. Crossing the Tokaido^ the houses have been burnt in every direction, and the people rendered houseless have camped out. Dejected and sorrowful, they sit in groups round a mat or blanket on which is spread a little food. Their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with the thousands who are houseless it is impossible for any but Government to administer relief.' After a lengthened and detailed description of localities, we are informed that the fire was stopped on Thursday morning by the sea, and satisfaction is expressed at the escape of several important buildings. The report proceeds: — 'An eye-witness tells us that at 3.15, when the fire broke out, no one thought anything of it; but as it leaped from block to block, firing at several places at once, the danger was felt to be imminent. The troops in the Yedo Hotel were sent into a place of safety, and several foreigners living in the Freneh Hotel removed their baggage to the foreign settlement. Another gentleman who was near the Castle at the outbreak of the fire sawat least 50 persons carried by on stretchers, nearly all dead; while a third witness who was in Tsukiji saw great numbers dead by suffocation or fire. Mothers threw their children away from them into the water to be drowned or on to the ground to be burnt, and rushed on to save themselves. Two-sworded men drunk with excitement cut and hewed in all directions, and the men who were seen disabled by sword cuts were too numerous to count. In contradistinc tion to this, daughters were to be seen carrying their fathers and mothers away, children just old enough to understand what was going on helped to save their parents from destruction, and what was more touching than all was to see in the distance people fall under their burdens to be overtaken by the flames before they could rise.' Prompt steps appear to have been taken for the relief, so far as was possible, of the sufferers. Public meetings were called, and the paper from which we have quoted contains an urgent appeal to the sympathies of foreign residents, especially on behalf of destitute widows and orphans. Some excitement was* created at Yokohama on March 28 by the supposed murder of an American. It turned out, however, to be a case of suicide. Athletic sports have been introduced into Japan by the officers and settlers. The matches, extending over two days, appear to have been highlysuccessful, and the formation of an Athletic Club is spoken of as a probable event. Bridge at Whitwarta-— On Wednesday, June 5, Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., introduced to the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works a deputation from the settlers in the Hundred of Stow, consisting of Messrs. R. Haldane, J.P., R. Caldwell, G. Raltaw, and T. Gravestocks, who were accompanied by Mr. C. B. Young. They presented a memorial, signed by 25 farmers, that the crossing im present use over the Eiver Wakefield at Whitwarta was in a very dangerous condition; that it was on the road from Kapunda to Wallaroo, the Peninsula, and the Northern Areas, in consequence of which there was a considerable amount of traffic; that there was no other crossing available without a detour of six or eight miles, and they therefore prayed that the Government would take steps to put the crossing in an improved condition. It was pointed out the road was not on the schedule of main lines, but that it was, in fact, the main road for all produce leaving the Hundreds of Stow, Ererard, and Goyder for Saint's Station, on tke Port Wakefield Railway; that a large quantity of land had been sold for cash in the neighbourhood, but that no public money whatever had been expended there ; that after rains the crossing was impassable for days together, and that drays frequently got bogged there ; that if it was improved the additional traffic after the first good season, which would go to the Port Wakefield Railway, would amply repay the Government the £200 or £300 necessary to be expended. It was stated likewise, in connection with this work, that the crossing over the Diamond Lake was m a very bad condition, and would also need to be made, which would not cost much, as the material could be obtained close by. The Commissioner said so far as he could judge from the state ments made a very fair case had been made out. He would obtain a report and estimates in respect to the matter, and bring them before his colleagues, and if they confirmed the view I be now took on the subject, he would use his I best endeavours to get an amount placed on the I next Estimate* for th« work, 