REVIEW. &nie;:'Words Hn ^filemory' of Trederick Denisori ■ Maurice;, by A. Hussell, Dean of Adelaide. This pamphlet, recently, ifiued by the Dean of Adelaide, is a clear and well-digested sum mary 0f; the principal eyents of Maurice's life and the distinctive'features-of his teaching, in so far, at least, as that teaching can be de scribed within the limits of so small a book. But, in'spite of his difficiilt subject and the confined'space to which he-was of necessity re stricted, the Dean has succeeded admirably in his statement of the ..differences existing be tween Maurice's interpretation of Christian truths, and. the hard narro w construction put upon; those."trnths ;by : most of the existing theologicahrsohools., ; And the- success' of 'the; .Dean-in {hisnyprkpf his is chiefly owing "to -the-fact - that he . sat for so long at the feet of- this "great, teacher, und 'is' indebted to .him .for,?a' wider, 'frper,- more intensely; spirittial lffe than he.might:possibly have attained to. .had., he-.been.-left toother influences.- -At page 7, he says—" I owe my. very self, to him.r "With him I cohneQjL,every-,good and useful .thing I have ever be'eii enabled to do since my ministry began."; There -is; no; wonder, then, that the Dean's book is so full of loving Veneration and enthusiasm for a mastetTwho exercised over , Mm.an^uifluence..FO potent.., . He seems...to dwell on'Maurice's" life, its wonderful purity and elevation —on his teaching, so instinct with the very' .spirit of'■ love—as one may imagine an artis^'dwelling bir some grbatlwork/into which M has thrown his'whole soul, and is .hardly -able to,tear himself away from the sight of;it.- • And it is this enthusiasm and veneration felt for Maurice by jail-who-number themselves in the ranks'of his disciple3, hut. more .especially by-those of them who came within' the^range of his personal influence, .that is apt .to cause a feeling of surprise in others to whom Maurice was but'a name linked with no definite associa tions ih-their minds..--They may have heard of him incidentally in the papers for magazines, or now and then his name may have turned np in conversation, but they, have never learnt anything which could enable thein . to: account in ever so small a degree for the sway he exer-. oised over the hearts of all who entered within the charmed circle of his influence.' To others, again, the-fact would be more surprising still, for they might have heard.him spoken of as a man to be feared—full of' dangerous notions— whose teachings were strongly flivored with heresy.. That large party to whom the It cord is not only the Law and the .Gospel, but an ever- continuing revelation of heaven-sent truths for their especial guidance, firmly beli'pve, in accordance with the declarations of this won derful oracle, that Maurice was indeed a here tie, of the most insidious and pernicious type. , He first excited the-recondite wrath because of; his views concerning "eternal punishment," and in those days the paper was influential enough to get him turned out of King's.College. But one would infinitely rather share the obnoxious name of heretic with one like Maurice, who conceived of God as a God of love, than; be numbered in the ranks of the - saintly ultra orthodox who interpret the possibilities - of God's action by their own wishes, and because they are sure that a sinner ought to burn ever lastingly, imagine that the Maker of men must necessarily ha of the same opinion. ■ -But from the-Dean's pamphlet,, from various notices in the Spectator and other journals, it is j evident that the secret of Maurice's influence consisted in the wonderful elevation and lofti ness .of- his- character—in his - large loving'] nature; but.perhaps most of all in hisatrong grasp of the nature of God as a Godof love, and his emphatic presentment of the great Christian truths as continual witnesses to man kinds of the fatherhood "of-God—of His great ve for every one of the human race';, .The teblogy.'of the schools had overlaid.the revela on of the Gospel under a mass of human sfinitions, and well nigh buried the reattruth' it ofwght; but" Maurice, with hisintense re-' jrence: and "keen insight, went to"-{he root i the matter, and declared once again ie, old doctrines.- But theyr had : been1 aried * so long that the . majority re*i irded ' them'' as ghosts of • a dead past,;.; dsed by a profane and rash hand to trouble j ie peace, of. their Israel, they esteemed to be > safe and so-orthodox. Their own systems ■ere more - dear to. them than the > truth, and'" lerefore Maurice was looked upon by tkpin ■ith fear and > suspicion. But on the other and, tnose who troubled themselves to invps gate > his principles, and tested them by the criptures, found that they worn > abundantly onfirmed by what they, found there. - His aaching was like a new > revealing of truth; nd it is not'much to be wondered at that his isciples > are so foil of love'aud enthusiasm; for im. Some'of them call him the > Prophet,-and lie relation in which they stand to him sug ests..partly the > -old prophe'ical- schools of srael, but rather, perhaps, the kind of rela > ibnship which-must have:."existed between.the ged'St. John-and ;his people > at Ephesus—the ame mingliDg of love and awe,—the same hu lility.'.oa. his > parti^-the same veneration - on heirs. : But with all this strong feeling for Maurice n the part of so many men—and men, too, apable of taking a foremost part in any move lent—is it not something:to wonder at, in hesR day3 of parties .and divisions/ that, they .ave not formed a new division in the Chrirch ailing themselves Mauricians ?: He, ? we know iad the. strongest dislike .to party divisions; mt it has happened before now that men have been elected as party leaders, and tlie party called after their own names, not only without their consent, but against their .emphatic protest. But that this-'has-not been so in the case of Maurice is a. fact, which speaks. with the tongue, of a trumpet for .the humility and self-denyingness of the man—for his greater love for the truth/and. for men's Bonis than for his own exaltation. • It would have been"easy enough to have secured a large band of followers and- moulded them into an effective erganization hadhe; been so minded. Had he been fond of-power,: as ambitious 38 he was self-denying, as craving of fame "for self as he yearned for-the well-being-of-others, than he might have fille'd a largerplace in his own times. It is no answer to this/ to say that he was■ the leader of-.the Broad Ohurch party, for Dean Russell points out " there was. a far wider and more impassable'gulf between him and some of that party, than between High and Low Church." " But when the spiritual /diagnosis of a'churchman cannot be arrived at he is-rele gated at.;once to the extremely wide and vague limbo.of Broad-Ohurbhisiii. " Onco labelled, with that popular name—a man may accept thetarith - metical scepticism of Colenso, and anyshade -of unbelief-in- fact; and yet be credited as a fol lower of Maurice, whose faith was so real, and thorough, and intense. But whatever position Maurice occupied in his lifetime, we have a strong conviction that the influence his teachings will widen and grow as time goeB on, and find a larger acceptarice'in the "hearts. of-Tall thinking men. As the world waxes- older,f§as knowledge increases, as men push on from one discovery to another, the more reverent and hnmble( among -thein 'lyill he more and more grateful to on9 who to jk his stand on the eternal truth ofrGod-s doving fatherly govern-, ment of the world, and proclaimed amidst the apparent conflicts of religion and science—" All x3 well." '—Communicated. 