THE" PRIMA. I like The Idiot Witness. It ia a cheery piece, and a good one to go to bed on after eating a. hearty sapper of crayfish washed down by copious draughts of Guinness' a tout., it ia so genuinely ultra-melodramatic thatanlesa ono is of a deoidedly morbidly nervous temperament he must enjoy it. Iu it there are all the elements of the stories in which Monk Lewis and his readers used to revel. It is true you have no ghosts, but then on the other hand you are presented with anyjamonnt of curled-hair ruffians ; all eager to wade waist deep in what Hicks of Victoria reputation wonld have called ber-r-lood. The blood wading was dodo, it wonld seem, prior to the commencement of the action of the drama, for there is an idiot witness, a superlatively happy, oreature as it would appear on tho first blasb, who interests himself in straws, and makes the pit boys roar by cbnoking small balls of paper sup posed to be apple dumplings in the air, and trying to" ' catch them in hb month; Tbis young- or old gentlemen tarns out in the end to be no other than the brother of eomebody who had been killed, and who had witnessed tho murder in a dark wood— -hldiDg; it may be presumed, behind a con venient tree. Far the perpoee of obtaining the revenge for which, his soul pants, he i feigns idiotcy for goodness knows how many and comes ont in the last act with au emphasis whioh ia very, startling, and dean not fall to seoure at least three rounds of applause from the aforesaid little boys in the pit. Of course the naughty man who killed the other man, who was a good and -virtuous character, and went to cburoh- every Sunday, .' taking the Sacrament and only just sipping, the .-wine - very regularly, comes to a bad., end—like all naughty men who don't goto chnrch, Ao., should do. I am not clear whether he was drowned, hanged or shot ; bnt, indeed, I am not clear either as to whether he 'did not suffer all three of these indignities with a martyr- like patience ; bnt I am positively certain that he came to a bad end. He had a nephew — let it be clearly understood that he had a nephew ; — such a nephew i-. - A beautiful young man, with, oh I snoh a lovely flaxen-haired wig. and silk tights, whioh showed his legs ever so much above the knee, and made you feel that on cold wintry nights, while sealing lofty precipices and fording rivers which roar in spite of atl remonstrance, the wearer would be apt to get a severe attack of influenza, besides laying in a store of ills which might end in rheumatics of a very severe character. However, let that pass. The dangers to which he was exposed iu the piece did not affect his voice. The nephew has a sweetheart, a nice pretty little piece of sentimentality, who moves in hnmble fifo, but is as virtuous and chaste ire the celebrated Lucretia of Borne. She resists the impor tunities of ruffians, flies to her lover's assis tance at all possible periods, and is altogether a very delightful little demoiselle, on whom wu<? UOJIUUH WB9 IJULIU juakiueu IU tmuvrciiug the wealth of bis affections. This part was very charmingly played by Miss Bella Sutherland, of whom the Melbourne publio see all too little. . She is a most graceful and pleasing actress, and in my opinion decidedly the best soubrette we have had in Melbourne sinceTillyEarle leftus. Mr. O'Brien wouldshow much wisdom in cultivating this young lady's talents. Lost in London has been produced during the week, as the prelude to tho tale of blood, and, of conrse, has been placed on the stage capitally. We all know how well Mr. O'Brien plays Job Armroyd, and we also know how superlatively well Mrs. M'Gowan played Tiddy Dzagglethorpe. To institute comnarisona between hep end Mine Pollv Leake wonld not, therefore,' be fair. . I confess I am sick of- My Lady Anijley. I have seen berth so many phases, from the novel downwards, that I should very-mufcb like to give her a spell, The best version of the piece we ever had in Melbourne, wpre one adapted by Mr. Julius Vogel, the late treasurer of New Zealand. The next best is the one now being produced at the Prince of Wales opera bouse in magnificent style. So the best Lady Audley we ever had was Mrs. Harry Jackson,' and the next best Mrs. Glad- stsne. But as I have said, I am sick of the piece. I have written some two score notices of it, and not having been endowed with tha gift of _ word-spinning, like some people are, I decline emphatically to write anymore; but. J do implore Mr. Bayless to change the bill. Could we not have, for instance, Othello as well produced as Mr. Bay- less always produces his pieces ? I saw Mr. Carden play the ' Moor at Sandhurst splendidly, and I saw- it per forated l>y a gentleman at the-Polyteohnic with much dramatic power.. Would not a fusion of the two— alternating Othello and Iago nightly— give- us something we could really enjoy ? I'throw out the hint to Mr. Bayless, or any other manager who chooses to take it. A strange story comes from Geelong . about Mr. John Munro, whioh I shall be very glad, for his own reputation-sake, if he will deny. It is the common tslk of the town, so there is no harm in my mentioning it. It is said that he accepted an' engagement from Mr. Marsh to go to Geelong, that his expenses were paid there, and that at the eleventh hour, just indeed as the curtain was about to rise, 'he threw up his part, the most important in the piece, and that it had to be played by Mr. G. W. Collier, The fanniest part of the business is, that ths Qeelong Advertiser the next morning devoted nearly three-quarters of a column to a eulogy of Mr. Munro's Salem Scuider, which was played really by Mr. Collier. This is how the story goes. Mr. Monro, I hope, for his own sake, will be able to contradict it. AUrOLYCUS. 