Mil PAHKES ON MR. FOliSTER, TO TI1E EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sie,—The Miusterial election for East Sydney being over, it see ma not "'an im proper time for me to notice, with your ltind permission, certain personal references and allusions to myself, intro duced by Mr. Parkes among the other elaborate personalities by which the public utterances of this high public personage have been of late so abundantly distinguished. I fitid .it reported, in the Herald of May 22, that ,Mr. Parke;!, in bis perfunctory oration at the nomination for Paddiiigton the day previous, spoke of me as follows " He offered the choice of office to Mr. William Forster That gentleman, when entrusted with the formation of an Ad ministration, made it a condition that be (Mr Parkes) should not be a membei of it." go far as this statement lias any mean ing, I give it the most unqualified denial. I deny that under the circumstances referred to, or under any circumstance.":, I made, or eudcavoured to exact from any person whatever, such a condition. It is true that long before, and also after, I ■was honoured by Sir Alfred Stephen with the trust above meutioncd, 1 found myself beset by friends of frlr. Parkes, who did all in their power to ind-^e- me, either to sect the co-operation of Mr Parkes, qr to join him iu forming an Administration.. They may have done this from the p'uresfc public- motives, aud in no way from considerations of pros pective ljenefitlo themse'ves, as possible members or supporters of what I was assured would be a very strong Govern ment indeed, its perhaps it would , have beon. They may hare done it without the knowledge of Mr. Parkes, who, in bis grand innocence and simplicity, seems to I be generally quite ignorant of what -bis friends are saying or doiag On bis behalf. It may hare been greatly to my Joss and discredit that I did not comply with Chese inducements, or that I did not accept such a condition, supposing it to have been offered. However, as the public are already aware, I neither sought Mr. Parkes1® co-operation nor, when he sought mine, by offering me office; did I for a moment hesitate te refuse his offer. But all this does not prove the truth of Mr. Parkes's statement, because it was iu my power to hold myself aloof from him, as I have held myself aloof, without any condition whatsoever I am not quite clear whether, by bis statements or insinuations of au intrigue against him, Mr Parkes intended to brand me asoue of the intriguers. But why should I expect to escape scathlees more than Sir Alfred Stephen? Every one knows that it is characteristic of Mr. Parkes, on all suitable occasions, to picture himself as the centre of i crisis, aud surrounded by dark censpiracics and intrigues. And doubtless the successi'ul author of the Fenian Conspiracy, popu larly known as the "Kiama Ghost," may claim a sort of vested right in public credulity. But in this case, from what has been said above, the public will be apt to suspect, if any intrigue existed, it was all on the other side, and that its object was to cajole or to coerce me into an association which, however profitable to myself aud others would have destroyed whatever public reputation I possess, whether it be great or small. Another of Mr. Parke's well fcnown characteristics has been exemplified in tins matter I mean the prerogative he assumes to dispense with the ordinary obligations of honour between man and man, and to regard all breaches of pri vate confidence as capable of being condoned for his own personal profit or convenience. Whatever question of conditions arose between myself and those whose co-operation I sought in forming a Ministry could only have become known to him by their disclosure of wliat occurred in such confidential intercourse as necessarily bclongod to that occasion. The public promulgation —I presume with the concurrence of his colleagues—is worthy of the statesman who, after having been possessed lor seventeen years of a letter confidentially addressed to him as editor of a newspaper divulged its contents to damage or con (bund a political opponent in the Legislative Assembly. And now 1 venture to ask why cannot Mr. Parkes let me alone ? If, for a short time, by no desire or effort of my own, I stood a little in his way, I have left the road open to him siiy-e. Whatever he or his friends may say, I have not interfered with his'arrangements, or joined in any of those "machinations" attributed to all who do not se •—as I own I did not see— in' Mr. Parkes, .a Political Messiah. I have saved him from a perhaps trouble some and impracticable colleague, by re fus:n^ office under what we are told ist i be the strongest Government etrer known] or heard of. 8omc time or other I may tell-him why I refused his offer. But, in the meantime, why does he not leave me to that obscurity and iusi^nificance which I had the bad laste or folly to prefer to being associated with him in political partnership ? Surely, after such a con vincing proof of my want of foresight and patriotism, I have reason to complain that he should still think it worth his while to make uie the butt of ambiguous charges and profoun lly philosophical sarcasms—or worse—that he should continue to bespatter me with mawkish praises, than which—let me assure him whatever he may think to the cuntrarv —nothihg can be more nauseous to .any man of ordinary refinement, not to speak of decent feeling, or common honestv. I am, Sir, yours <&c.; "WILLIAM F011STER. Sydney, May 23. 