/' I. SB Mr | GRANDFATHER'S GHOST STORY. ' . I T' have.' frequentiy.hearri ;the,'. following ' ' marvellous story related by.my grandfather asan actual episode, in 'his life. - T' -will 'give it, -as nearly as I can 'remember, ill his own jj -. words,; leaving eaoh' reader-' to form Ills" own -i , u£iiuiuu upon iue incidents, without, 'any oomrneritary upon my part,, farther than the statement that my grandfather was a man whose veracity; I bad; never any rdasori'tri doubt. . 1 . Y ' 'It was duririg a summer vacation that . I met Karl Korner. I was readiog hard for my degree;, for having, been somewhat idle and dissipated during the term,'. I found' it necessary to spend, what should have been' my holiday among my books. " tor this pur- pose I pitched my lent at Bucksleigb, an 1 anoicnt.and romantic village in the New Forest. I was guided by several considera tions in -my choice ot locality ; first, it was a reasonable, distance, even in those days, from London and Oxford ; secondly, I was bitten about that time by an entomological mania, and here was the spot of all others for rare moths arid butterflies ; .thirdly, a delightful arid salubrious climate ; . arid fourthly, riot far away, near Stony Cross, was the family seat,. of some college chains, whither, if books and butterflies became too monotonous, I csuld floe for a day or two's relaxation. These '.friends ' had very much pressed: me to' take up my, abode wholly with them; but had I. done so; I, might as well have left Greek .-aud Latin behind -me, for all the use I should have made of them there ; so I prudently declined, with the compromise I have mentioned. The house I lodged in was at. least as old iis the Tudor days— pointed roof, overhanging stories, latticed windows, painted: beams, dark oak staircases, panelled rooms, carved' fireplaces, &c.; It belonged to a family who had resided abroad for several years, and was let during the summer months in -apart- - ments to visitors. I had but one fellow- lodger when I 'first -came -to Bucksleigb, Karl Korner, a German, who, with his ser vant and the old .woman who looked after the house, was, besides myself, its only jn-- habitant. From the first he curiously im-. ; pressed me. In appearance lio was the very beau-ideal of the mysterious German of romance. Long fair hair, blue eyea deeply sunken, pale hollow cheekB, a moody, da-, meaner, and tall powerful figure— he might, have been Charles Moor' himself, In his! habits he was reserved to moroseness. H« ' had a woird way of talking to himself, and- n etranse trick of almost every moment casting sharp fearful glaaces over his shoni- der, as though he fancied some unpleasant object were lehind him. No one was snf-. fered to enter his apartments save his own servant, a dark saturnine-looking man. as mysterious as himself. I. qnestioned Mrs, Adams, the housekeeper, as to who he was. But Bhe was as much in , the dark, and far more curious than myself respecting him. ' About two months befoie his arrival, she had received a letter from In r master, who was then residing in Germany, to say that a foreign gentleman wonld, in tho course of a . few weeks, arrive at Bucksleigb. The choice '- of apartments was to be given him ; she was, in all respects, to attend to his wishes, and, above all, was tu ask no questions. The time of his sojourn was uncertain, be might have at any moment. This was all the information she possessed. There was something about Korner that attracted and yet repulsed me. The mystery that excited my curiosity may be asoribed to the first feeling ; the dark sinister expression that sometimes mingled with the gloom upon his face to the second. I frequently saw him wandering about iri tho forest daring' my entomological rambles, but both in and out of the house he avoided actual meeting. We had been fellow-lodgers about a fort night; when, without -having previously ex- ! changed a greeting, we became snddenly ae- qnainteil. It happened in thiB way : 1 had, beeu nut in the forest all the morning but terfly-hunting, and having captured in ,my net a splendid red admiral, two. peacocks, and somo smaller fry, I- was lying basking . in the shadow, of a huge beeob, gloating over my prey, when, happening to look up, I saw the German leaning against a tree with his arms folded, and his eyes bent upon me. I had not heard his footfall upon the soft turf, and hiB sudden appearance quite . startled me. Without a word of introduc tion ho threw himsolf upon the grass, and entered into conversation as freely as though we had been old acquaintances. He spoke English fluently, although with a strong foreign accent. I found him to be a man of highly cultivated mind. Our topics wero ' Greek, Latin, poetry, entomology, scenery, and upon all his remarks were equally jast and full of knowledge. Ho grew warm and eloquent, his cheeks flushed, his eye brightened, the whole man; was transformed. Suddenly, without any warning, in the very midst of a speech, he stopped, the color died out of his faco. loavirig a ghastly r allor in its place, while his eyes, full of horror, stared wildly on vacancy. The change was so instantaneous that for a -moment I was struck ns speechless as hiraBelf, my eyes instinctively following the direction pf hie. I could see nothing but the waving branchen of the trees and the bright sunlight Before 1 had recovered my self-possession suffi. oicntly to speak, he sprang to his feet and hurried away ; as the trees hid him from my sight, I saw him cast . the old fearful look over his shonlder. There was something about the incideut that, in spite of the bright- sunshine, gave . me a strange superstitious feeling. After a long cogitation I could only come to one " conclusion, that the German was mad, 'and that liis saturnine servant was his keeper, A week passed away, and I saw no more' ct r r Korner, beyong a tleoting, glanoe as he passed " ' my window on his way, to the forest. In the meantime I had a visit from my eollega chums of a few milos off, to whom T related my German experiences', and thereby, in flamed their imaginations 'with "the-incat outrageous ideas. He avas one of Sohiller's robbers, Mephistopholes, a "Wtrter, the wild huntsman, Salathiol, a banished count, and I know not what. Ensconced behind'- my window-curtains, they waited his passing to catch a glimpse of him, arid the sight of hi? strange, glo.-.my face made them almost Borionsly incline to those Ideas that had be. a but jests before. The objtct of their virii was to induce me to go with' them to a ball that was to come offin a fortnight at South ampton. But I heroically resisted all entreaties, so they left ' me to my studies in disgust. ' 1 1 ' Groat was my surprise one evening, just, as the twilight was olosing iri, at recoiviag this message from Mrs. Adams — " W.ould Mr. Serle honor Mr. Korner by his oompsriy! and sup with him that evening ?" The old lady was all in a flutter as she spoke the wards. Wo exchanged looks. ' My oiirioeity was aroused to see the sanctorum that riese had beheld, and I instantly accepted. When I entered the room, I felt almost surprised to find that thbre was nothing peculiar in it, except that' it was peculiarly comfortable. .Although" the Weather wa« warm a cheerful fire burned in the grate, and three large lamps illumined' every part of the large sombre room. '' "I like plonty of light,": he said, after cordially greoting me ; !' 1 hate dark cor- ners." So it seemed, 1 thought; -Our conversation turned upon Gerinun literature, whioh1 'the translations of Scott,' Coleridge, and othew, and the imitations; of t a" hoBt- of EngKti ' writers, were bringing .into friahiori." HwJ1 1 mind was deeply impfignatedWith itamyeh'r. I,: and metaphysical oharaoter. I folind hiria to" ' hs a profound believer in tho wildest dream-? of the Rosicrucian and the demonologifv. Our conversatiou had naturally, although almost impsrceptihly, drifted into tbil fie), and I cuuhi not iiulp rtmaraing the fltrance forced mam cr in which h« apokfr upon the Mtbject, as though compilUd to talk oT-'it hy roTne nronlt power against hip UI. Iryqntured to hn sceptical, and shall never forget the look with which ho turned upon me. "Your philosophy," he said, littorly, "reject&all; things that do not come within th» PcopA of itn narrow reanontDgfl, regard less of tho faot that eveVy: object that exists contains within itseif unsoWable mysteries. Of the daturo of our - own souls, of thoir oon» dition oV' doetinatiod, ' after, they aro freed from thdr bodies, we know nothing. Gin we conceive eternity? can we conceive il iimifcdilfy apace ?. spaco before inattor? the principles, of our own being?- Wo know there things aro, but wo cannot bring them within tho petty circle of our reason. In the face 3of 'these mighty mysteries, and of tbo yet mightier mysteries of the Christian faith, hojv dare man arrogantly assert that aueht cap not bo ? One of your ponts says, ' Whnre icnorance is blies, 'tis folly to bo wise.' Wi«dom is usually purchased at a bitter cost." There was something in his manner tfuit deeply impressod me, and I would have con tinued tho oonversation, but he skilfuBy changed tho subject, and we were soon deep In the discussion of the onmparativo merits of ancient and modern literature. In thi.» agreeable -.discourse, aided by ah excellent' Mine equally good wine and cigars, time glided on almost imperceptibly. It was just upon the stroke of 12 when I wished him good night. As I openod the door, I fancied I heard a sound Jiko the rustling of a woman's drnss. Thinking jt was Mrs. Adams, who was the only female i" the house,! coming up to Bpeak to mo, I turned my head, but there was no ono upon tho landing or on the staircase. The sound passed mo, and there was a flutter in tlio air, as though it were disturbed by smo moving body. Fallowing its supposed direc tion, my eyes fell npon Kornor. In a few seconds a ghastly change had fallen upon him. His face was deadly pale, his eyes fixed with a look of horror, his hands con vubive'y olutcbing the arms of the chair upon which be sit. I was advancing to him, thinking he was ill, when a h«nd laid upon my shoulder held me baok. I turned, and sa w tbo German rorvant, who, by word and gesture, requf-sted my absence. Tho tvexi moment t-found myself outside the deor, and beard the key turned in the lock. A week elapsed, during which I and Korner never once met. I had been hard at my books, had completely shaken off my late superstitions terrors, retaken to scep ticism, and had thoroughly mado up- my mind that the German was the victim of some painful dif!ea«e, of which I had wit nessed the paroxysms. It was the night of the ball which I have before mentioned; I had had a letter from my friends that morning as a last perannucr, to meet them at Southampton, and accom pany theni' to -the ball: But I heeded not the voice of the charmer, and was further strengthened in my virtuous resolution by the weather, which, uncertain for several days pist, toward the evening in question assumed a most savage aspect ; the rain de. scended in torrents, tho wind blew & burn cane, and there were distant muttermgs in the air that portended a thunderstorm. As I looked round my gloomy room in the fading light I could not help picturing with a sigh tho brilliant balUroom at South- ampton. . , While thus melitatir-p. there was a knook at my door,- Beforo I could answer it, Korner stood before me. Fven1 in tho twi light I could perceive that his air waB ox- cited with a kiad of forced gaiety. "How horribly dull y.u are here ! he cried. "Come up to my room; I have a cheerful fire and plenty of light, a hnttlo of good wine, an irreproachable cigar, and Mrs. Adams is preparing an appetising little supper." . .. "Now, after my ono experience, I am not much care about passing tbe evening with Korner, so I began a polite apology about the necessity of study. But he im- n&tiont-.Iw; iiitarrunted me : Pshaw, man ! it is tho last opportunity you will have of refusingine.' 11 Are you going to leave us, then . 1 DC" Yes ; my release is at hand, and I wish you to join' me in celebrating it. ' Your release !" I reiterated. "Yes; but we will not talk of it tOj night ; you. will hear all about it to-morrow, he answered, lightly. ' . . After that I could hot refuse his invita tion. ... There was a strangeness in bis mannrr that T nnnld not understand, which im- pressed me disagreeably. Ho was as gay as a Frenchman ; be laughed, told anecdotes and doubtful adventures, sang German stu dent songs, and was so unlike himself, ns 1 bad previously known him, that at times I bad serintiB doubts whether I was waking or dreaming. ' TV- -J' "I nstonifh ' ybu," ho cried. "T'havd oast aRido what you call the blue devils for to-night, and," as .Shakespraro says, ' Richard's , himself again what I was 111 my old student days, the merriest fellow within tho walls of Bonn." . 1 But I did not liko his merriment— it was to me far more depreBBihg; than his gloom. I drank his hock; I smoked his cigars, and I laughed at his stories ; but I felt all the time liko one oppressed by a nightmare, and ; would hive been delighted to have found an excuse to get down quietly to my ' own room. ' . . In tho meantime tho storm was raging ' violently, the rain dashing in sheets againBt tbe windows, and we could hoar tbo crash and moan of the forest as tbo wind rushed through the trees; and the thunder, near- ing, though ' still distant, rolled sullenly through the air. i _ , "A pleasant night for a journey ! he oried, in the light, jesting, tone he had as- snmeil throughout the evening. " You are not going a journey to-night!" ' Mid. "No; but Fritz has gone. ,1 shall not start npon my journey till to-morrow morn- inir — a far longer ono than Fritz'B." I shuddered, I knew not why. "Now, my triend, it is time that wo separate," he said, suddenly rising, and holding out his hand. Tho intimation' was sodden, and not strictly polite ; bnt I took the hint with the most cbeerfnt alacrity. "Paidori my abruptness, butlmnst now prepare foe my journey." - An odd time, I thought, to begin prepa rations for' a journey. As I wished him good-night' I heard the rnatling as. of a woman's dress behind me, felt a movement in tho air, and the. sensation of. a passing body, just as on 'my previous visit, and on Korncr's facei foil the same ghastly look.. My nervous system was highly wrought, whether by the shadow of coming events,, or by tbo electricity of the atmo,spnere,.I know not ; and without another word l hurried oat of tbe room. As before, I beard the key turned in the look ; bnt, as before, I did not hurry down. to my own room, for my limbs trembl- d so' violently, and; my head felt so dizzy, that I was obliged to lean against the wall for a moment, for fear of falling. Tho tempest had reached its oulminating '! point. The thunder clouds were upon us, and snt forth peal npon peal, till the honse trembled and shook as though swayed by an earthquake ; the. lightning flashed in sheets; and in streams of jagged Are, now blue as steel, now Inridly.red ; tho rain had abated, but the wind, rushing through tho foro.it leaves, sounded as though a furious mountain ,'t torrent or a roaring sea was coming down npon us; while, the branches crashed, snd groaned, and shrieked, as tbe hurricane , swayed and broke and hnrled them one against another. . Never - have I heard so awful a contention', of tho elements. l oan never recall ..the., memory of that terrible night without a shudder,. And there T stood i in the foil blaze of. the lightning, as it shone through thetairoase window, with the fas- i -ablation of terror upon me. - ' Suddenly through tlie diu ut the storm there rote a sharp wailing ory, that curdled my blood and bristle 1 tny hair It came, from lh" room I bad just left. By a sudden impulse, which I ooi'd never explain, I rh- solved to try and. a >lyc the awful iny»tery that ww about me. Th.oro was but one way. Across the front of tho house ran h harro.vv ' balcony. Tho window I waa . standing against wan n a line with thoBO.of Korner 'a room. With! tho rain beating down' upon my bare hoad, and the wind sweeping round me and almost lifting me off my. foet, I orept on to the baloony, and between' an openi -g in tbo curtains peered into Korner'e loom. And this is wLat I saw : . The room was lilt zing with light, just as I had left it. With his back toward me, quivering and crouching,—' ivas-the-form of ICornor ; facing tho window, and looking into hia faco, stood a woman. Her drees Was that of middle- class German life, but, her fioo was tho uiost lovely I ever beheld- ; tho hair was of the brightest, rarest_yellow>.;vho com plexion faultlessly pare; , the eyes largo, dreamy, anrl of a deep violet ; the noso and mouth of the most perfect shape. While I gazed, fascinated by hor extraordinary beauty, a hideoua transformation took pfaoe before my eyes. The clothcs faded from ber form, her beauty melted away liko a vapor; and in lis place my horrified gaze-was fas tened on a skeleton, on a grinning loath- some sknl!, out of whose mouldering recesses i orawl'ed Woated obscene worms. Tho vision Jwas but of a second's duration, and1 then I i saw the Iw.-nes crumble before my eyes, and 1 the shall fetter and fs)l._ I saiv no more. ' A mist gathered before my eye, and the- sickness of death- over- powercif me ; hut an I fell ! heard a- loud explosion, which sounded uniilca the thunder that a mo ment afterwards mingiod with- its ejhocs. IVhem itensa returned, I found myself lying up at- t r.o pavement of the _ balcony, saturated- with rain, and cold as ice. The morning m is just breaking 7 the storm bad cleared area v, all but the wind,. which still blew hard; 'lilt in fitful, cfying gusts. With a chE«(l:b.wi-Q, upon which still lingered tbe dark ubaf.ba r of the horrors I bad' witnosned; bnt ro sulral 'antral idea, I mechanically sought'- my own r.p« rtrzents. nnd in the same auto- , maton fashron swallowed a- large glass- of brandy, uuilressed, got into bed, and with out any fnrtl ier recollection fell fast asleep- j I was aire -kened by a sudden Bhock, and - tho ooiin'l of' loud laughter. When I opened , my eyes .1'. found- myself upon the lloor, and' : my frienrls-fi'om Stony Cross standing ovor me, oonvuiseri with laughter,, at, 1" presume, my 7idicu;outi and- soared' appearnce. In re- tu rainy from Southampton, tboy had come several miles out; of their way to-pay me a visit. U; »u hoaring I had not risen, heated with- champagne, and ready for any mischief, they entered my room, -lifted- meout ofbed in my sheet, and bumped me not very gently upon the ground. Wo had- just oat down to breakfast when Mrs. Adi-ms pub her head in at tbo door, and becki.netl mo out mysteriously.'- I beg your pardon, sir, for interrupting you. but I am- so uneasy about Mr. Korner that I eould not contain myself any longer," ' 1 " What is tho mattar ?" I asked, in great; agitation. " Well, you know he ia an early riser, never in lied after skt. It is- now ten, and I' have neither seen nor heard kim. i. have kuooked . at his door," and- oan' get no anflwer." " Where is the servant Fbitz !" I inquired. "Ho went away yesterday, saving he should not return for soma days, and that I was to a -.tend upon hia master in tho mean while ' I told li'-r to wait until after breakfast, and I would s"c what could be done. _ All tho horrors ol the last night came vividly back upon my memory, filling me with evil fore- boding!-. It was impossible to conceal my porhuibation from my friends; and after- a very little pressing, I told them of thohouso- keeper's feaTS, and certain of my own ex periences ; omitting all mention of what I >ad seen through tho window, which would have excited only their ridicule. The breakfast-table was abandoned ; and while I proceeded to the German's cham ber, the others waited the .result at tbe farther end of the corridor. No answer was returned to my knock, and alter a little hesitation we deolded to send for a locksmith, and make a forcible entry. No ono thought of entering by the windows, and I dared not propose it ; I could not for my life have looked through, them again. In a very short time the look was taken off, and tbe door thrown ooen. The room was darkened by the curtains, save in ono spot, - where tho sunbeams streamed through an opening,! aud fell full and brightly upon an- awfal object— theupturnedblood-bospatterod face of ilie Gcrmau. Ho was quite dead; his hand still grasped a discharged pistol- he had blown his brainB out. I need scarcely remark that- 1; did not pass another night under that ill-omened roof, but -it onee accepted my friends' invil' tatlonlip return homo with thorn; ' Of colli Be you are ' now anxious to know the explanation of the mysterious spectre and all i.ther mysteries. 1 All that I oan tell you upon the subject was gathered more from inferences than from direct informa tion. In Korner's writing desk was found the miniature of a lovely girl, which I im mediately recognised as the faoe l- had seen in my via'on ; and beside it was a strange and horrible letter, of! which I made a copy at the time, and whioh, as nearly, as I can re-, member, ran thus : — ' ri " When you read these linos I shall be no more. Living, I am powerless- to- avenge, your wickedness to mo ; but if there is a just Grid,- revenge will , reach you from the grave. I have prayed unceasingly to be directed , ro a retribution as awful as tbo -misery you havo brought upon mo. .My prayer baa been hoard, and, mark me, scoff as you will in your sceptical conceit, it will come to i'-oss. In my dark hours of 'despair ing ngouy, this is the vengeance I have en- g-nidored, and which I will execute. From the hour in whioh I draw my last breath I will li aunt you; Fly to the' furthermost ox- . tremitios- of the world, and my shadow shall still pursue you ; alone 01- in a crowd, in the darkness of the night or in the brightest1 sunshine, yon shall .know no moment of your life in whioh I may not stand before you, and lest habit should in 'time dull tho horror of my presence -to your hard, godless soul, in eaoh visitation you shall behold the progress of the corruption of the bnried body as it festers in the earth. As the body is at the moment I stand before you, in that guise shall you see me. And when tbo last stage is reaohsd, when the bones crumble into dust, then shall thy earthly career olose. Dray, then, ii you can, that tbe torfurea you will endure in tbia life , may mitigate those prepared for you in ! -tbe .next.? Tutting; together tho little information I gathered at various times, chiefly through Mrs. Adams, I framed this story : At Bonn there lived one Adeline Sturm, a burgo- c-.asiqr's daughter. She was the beauty of tho town, had been cduoated far above her station, and was as notorions for her haughty andrlisdninfnl pride as for her personal oharms. All the youug men were madly in, .love with her, but upon all she looked down with equal acorn. Karl Korner was at that time a student at tho university. He was a scion <-f a ncble family, strikingly, band- some, heir to a fine fortune, and the most. heartless libertine in Jioan. xho stories he was continually hearing of .this girl's uhim- pressihle nature excited his pique, and over a debauch he laid a heavy wager with.a fellow1 student.that ho would win her love, degrade her prido, and abandon her. .He' sucoi edod too well in all that he proposed. It was an act of monstrous vilIany,"for he had, (lot oven tho oxense of pastion for accom. pli-hiifg'Adeline's ruin, while' sbo loved ;hfip with ail the fervour of hor proud, powerful, ni' ur«. U pon discovering tho oonspiraoy .of , which she had been made the viotiih ghe took, poison. From that time Korner was accursed. He wandered from land to land, from, ono di vision of the globe to another, but nowhere finding peace or rest. , „ . . .Ml ! .11 