THE MAG AZIKES FOE JAKUARY. The arrival of the mail Bte«mer, Nubia, has placed us in possession of our usual files, from whioh it appear* that the Uagajsines. show no signs of retro gression, bat, on the contrary, promise to be as in teresting in 1872 as they were in the previous year. Several new tales have been commenced, and, of course, according to custom, a plentiful crop of lovers' troubles, of heart- breaking incidents, and of inal denOunementB are in stors for readcre.-and all ronanted to take place before the end ot next December. Such are the pleasure! of serial litcra ;ure. Good Wobds contains the opening chapters of two new stories by veteran writers -Mr. Trollope ind Mrs. Oliphant —tbe tale 'told by the former being entitled the ' Golden Iaod of Granpere,' while that by tho latter is called ? At Hie Gates.' MeBsre. Btrachan and Co., spare neither expense nor pains to make their publications interesting to the readers for whom they cater. Mr, Trollope's story is intended, we should think, chiefly to depict life as it appears in Alsace. The followisg picture- of Granpore eh«ws what to presume Alsatian villages are, or At least what they might be, if the fancies of the novelist wera to be realized in fact: — Granpore in itself is a very pleasing village. Though the amount of popnUtlon and cumber of houies do not suffice to make it more than a village, it covets so largo a smce of ground m almoit to glv« It » claim to town bo&onn.; It is perhaps a fail mile in length : and though it his but one strut there arebuUdines standing hero and then, back from tbe lus. which makes it seem to stretch beyond th« narrow confines of a stogie thoroughfare la most French villages mmjrf the houses are htgb. and spacUrai, but hue they teem almost all to be so And va&ny; of them b»ve been con structed after that independent fathlon which always gives to ? house in a street subtracter and inporiuce of itsoirn. They do not stand Us simple line, each supported by the stremrth of its neighbour, but occupy their own ground, fac ing this way or that as each may please, presenting here a corner to the m-in street, and there an end. There arc little gardens, and bi; stables, and commodious bams; and periodical paint with annual whitewash ii not wanting. The unstinted slates sltine toptontlr under tbe sun, and over almost every other door \hcre it a large lettered board which Indicates that tile rerideni witiiiu is a dealer in the linen whU-b is produced throughout tfce country. All these things together give to Granv»»- n air of prosperity and comtort which Is cot at all checked by lho fact that tbere ia ia the place no mansion which we Englishmen would call the getuleraan'j boiue, noticing Approaching to the ascendancy of \- varish squire, no baroa's cattle, no manorial hall,— not even a chateau to overshadow the modeit roofs of the dealers in the linen in the Voiges. And the scenery round Granpere is vorr pleasant, though the neighbouring hills serer rise to tho m«£nlftcence of mountains, or produce that grandeur which touruti desire when the r travel in eenrch of the beauties of Nature. It it a spot to love If you Inow it well, rather than to visit with bopes raised high, and to leave with vivid impression!. . Tbere it water tu abundance ;- a pretty lake lying at tbe feet of eloping hills, rivulets running do-rn from the liigh upper lauds a' d turning many a modest wheel in their courre, a waterfall or two liere and there, And a so-called inonntain stunmlc within an easy distance, from whence tho sun may be seen to rise Among the Swiss mountains ;— and distant perhaps three miles f torn the village the mala river which, runs down the vsUey males for it*c!f a wild ravine, lost where the bridge oa tie new rosd to Munater crones the S*t«f.tad &e1u-; ip excuse ihe people of GranperVfor claim' eg for 'themselves 'a great object ifsatural attraction. Its bridge and tbe tirec and tht nriae are rary linstty, and perhapa justify all that the villagers cay of them wbsn they wag-to-twelien the j-ni-ea of their country. - - There is much pleasant reading 'in the present number in addition to the .first instalment of the new stories, The CoiuJHUi. continues the story of the Ple biscite, and continues it in a most interesting man ner, i'be article entitled 'Spain; Tier Manners and Amusement?,' is, as we might expect it to be, a light, an 3 readable article, but, withal, eminently sugges tive of the sewi-cirilizition of the Spanish people. There, must bo some element of horror in ibe com poritf b'n'of a 1-eep\e who can take d-ilight in bull-, fightf as they are now managed in Spurn. It appears that at these fastimes nothing; bat actual carnage 'will please and satisfy' the tastes of the multitude. ' Exhibitions of this iprt will, we hope, eoon go out tjf ?fashion even in Spain, and certainly ?they would sot be tolerated in Sydney. They do not possess even the equivocal merit of being encounters between a skilful horseman, and a wild animal, but are' merely exhibitions of carnage tnd vuwuw(vi - yr*7 iJJUBlr 4JUL, tlvworvrj-Dv vQO u&ru; upon the Spanish people, who regard bullfights as their national pastime, seeing that we have our own prize fights ana bruising matches, in whioh two men, for tha sake' of money, So their best io hatter eschothpr into sbansicsB find swolk-n masses -of fleuh and blood while a certain circle stand round, and constitute an applauding public. Wriiet .these tilings con tinue amongst in, and are- applauded by n«; it would be at least discreet on our partBto 6ay hut' little about the barbaritm of \ho tplr.iards Tha wri'irof the (.aper alluded to says that of a bull *ght: An honelt description would br sickening. It would be a picture of a shambles; a lively Eks-ch of a knacher's yard; sometblDjf that would not be al'uped to be bane up is s Smithfield taproom. It may scim nnfalr to say that the modem bullfight is* thaw where people go to see broken down cabhorses ripped up by hn'f-wlld bulls. But this is the exact truth nevertheless ; nini Urn poof of it is that nil com promises, all display! of trained bulls or bulls witii tipped horns: mere feats of mint? agility and {race, unnccom- i panted with tlowat'sM rlaugktc, Hunks etrtamlng with gore, and entrails trolling in the dust— all inch displays of which tortun farms no part, fall utterly flat, and hardly meet any pationaec. The yells for 'caballos' when the carnage runs short, show what the public w«nt; aqd they are content to wait for the concluding chapter, the butchery of the bull till they have seen some more ncrewa kicking in aneulih upon the tand. .' Anciently, as stfll in tlKory. toe irallfight was a combat between a well-mounted and Ekiltul horseman, v.ilh uaiitants on foot, and a wild animal But it has degene rated, like everything (else, till the pleasure of seeing a screw's side turned to receive the bull's horns has become the essential pleasure of the holiday. It the bull stops to gore a half-dead torso, In running round, the arena, there is a gene ral laugh. . 'The paper entitled ' Hours in n Library,' and which is devoted te Thomas Fuller, opens with a passage which serves to convey a very clear idea of the contrast between the art-resources of the present -day, and those of a few hundred yean ago. The writer -says: — In the present enlightened period the road to learning is carefully macadamused. All hindrances are sirept aside and every appliance used to lielp the tottering footsteps towards the desired goal. Grave professors condescend to act ob guides to infants, and cunning artists beautify nvery haltine placs with glowing pictures designed with the strictxt regard to historical accuracy. So at least I am informed, and, us in duty bound, I believe the change to be an improvement. To me, however. It happened that in ime deiurtment cf leantimr the tcit-book of my infancy was of the old-fashioned kind. Such knowledge us 1 possessed of the geography of tbe Holy Land was dotlved from the pages of a goodly folio, Mtn cover blackened by the thumbs of xsme all generations of readers, -and with grotesque etgravlngs whli woul-1 revolt a criileal instinct ripened by three modern summers These -last affected to be maps or the territories of the tvelve tribes of IsratL It was impossible to doubt of the fidelity oi tbe local colouring, for tin trees by which they were profusely sprinkled bad been obviously copied to the life from that peculiar species which still flourishes in onr Noah's arks ; certain graven linages preserved la the earns museums vouched for the truth to na'ure of sundry interesting mon sters— tlic ravens, for inslanc*, ulitch were bringing largo rolls for a very -mall prophet— and the bears who were tear n? the forty-two chiMien to (as I must confess) my never failing- delight There was indeed, bo great need for the geographer io pourtrsy ? elephants, for want of towns ' The - smallest viUtga was indicated ly a cluster of distinctly drawn bouses, and in the intervals the various incidents of bid TestametiY history crowded every vacant space. Wnern other objects wore wanting the arms cf the ttltisf wero blasonei with duo heraldic accuracy: Dan, for example, had to hli cogoiztBCe, vert, a sn»ke nr adder anrent bowed : and Isswhar an «s urgent in a fieia vert, couchant between two burdens t though, it is fair to add u certain approximation to the historical sense was Indicated by the statement that Ban could not have an eagle for his crest, for the excellent reason that crests were 'not invented in that age.* The natural history however Wai more exciting than tbe heraldry. Machillan s Magazine has the commencement of a etory which promises to be of unusual interest, and which rejoices ia the somewhat extraordinary title of 'The Strange Adventures of aPhaston.' A. family party having determined to travel from Hampshire, as fur northwards as thoneceesiticB of the tale may require, start on their journey. The machinevy is ample, and ii would nppwir from tbe following extract that the writer's descriptive powers ere quite equal to (he tasfc be has undertaken. We expect much ple-isant reading from Sir. Black's pen in tbjs story. The party are in their pbioton which has just started en its adventures from a coaching bouse in Holborn. A. little tossing of heads and prancing, a'liltle adjustment ot tbe reins, and a final look round »pQ then -we gliae into Ibe wild and roaring Hreim of vehicles— that mighty current of ro'llnc van.', asd heavy waggons, s»d fcrowded Bsv»*iitcr omnibuses, ot dexterous hansoms and indolent lour- wheclers, of brewer** dr&ya; and tiost oftice carts and 'OsiC'bioi'geia barrows. Over ihe great thoroughfare, with its quaint and huddled houses; and its innumerable shops In wli'Ch silver watches »nd stockings, and fnuBsges form prominent features, there dwoll a fine blue sky end white cicUdu fiat seem oddly discoloured. The sky, seen through a carious pail of -mtst«nd tmoke, isonly gray, and the clouds are distant and dusky and yellow, liku theso of an old landscape that hat lain for years in a broker's shop. Then there ia a faint glow 01 sunlight f olning along tho fconses on the northern side of tbe- street; and' here asd there the window of sonio lobster shop or tavern glints lack the light. As wa get farther westward, the 'sky. overhead grts clearer, and the character of;, tUc tlunoughf&Te; ftUere. Bore we arc at Uw street leading up to the Brit'sh Museum- a Wudic and a Mosm on each band— and it would almost seem as if the Museum bad sent out rays of Influence to create around it a «eri«i of smaller collections. lu place of the hnmb!e fish monger and the familiar hosier, we have owners of large win dows ntind with curious treasures of art— old-fashionod jewellery, knick-knacks of furnlt ore. filverjpooni and kettles and stately portraits of the time of Charles II., in which the women have all bended blade eyet, yellow curb, and a fatae complexion, while tbe men are iat pompons, and wigged. Westward ett'.I. and we approach the huge shops and warehouses of Oxford-street, where the last waves ol faiblonable U(e, seeking millinery, beat on the rasters barriers that thui out the rest of Londos. Begent-street is busy on this qobt af ernoen ; and Bell asks la a whisper whether the c.untr;man of Bluchtr, now sit ting behind m, does cot bctmj in Ms eyes what he thinks ot this van snow of nealth. Listening for a moment, ne hear that Qneen Titan!*, instead of talking to him about the shops, is trying to tell him what London was in the last century, and how Colonel Jack an-i his associates, before that enterprising youth started to walk from London to Edin burgh to avoid the law, used to waylay travellers in the fields between Gray s inn ana t. I'm cub, ana now. Having riDDeo. a coach between Hyde-park Gale and Knigbtsbridge they ?went over the fields to Chelsea,' TliU display ot erudition on the part of my lady has evidently been prepared before hand : for she even goes tbe length of quoting dates and. furnishing a few statistics— a thing which no woman doe- inadvertently. However, -when we get into rail-mall, her insurance of the names of the slabs reveals the superficial nature of her acquirements : forr.ven Bellis able to recognise the Seforin. assisted, doubtie-s, by tbe polished pillars of the Catltoa. The women are, of course, eager to know which Ia the 1'ilnce of Wales's Club : and then look with quite a peculiar interest on the brick wall of JSarlboroiigb. Bouse. Ths xeBt of tbe story, so far as it has gone, is equally well told. Similar praise is fairly award nUe to tho writer of a paper on the current street lallads of lie' and. Tbe writer accounts for the origin of a groat deal cf Irish ballad mujtrelay en the hypothesis indicated in the following extract-. — It should be noted tbatthe Trlsh street-ballad has nothing but lu bad type and paper in common tlie Catnteh dojgrel tuns by tbe bawling vagabond! who hawk gall /w» ana gutter literature «bont London. It is rarely, iurtetd, coarse; it is never coiiscionsly blasphemous Tbe ruffians in co lege gowns who here attend park meetings, chanting * mock litany and nock hymns, would be Etiinped of their trappings, and probably pat under a pump by an Ijish mob before they had well roared through the introduction of tfecir enterldiomect The audience of the Irish ballad-monger and singer sever relUh an indecent or irreverent allusion. They enjoy fun, pathos, and an odd kind of gentility— yes, gentility is the word— in the verses The ballads are~tblckly ornamented with big words thrown iat} tliom for the sake of display rather than of tense They have an air of ragged, boastful scliofrihlp, that is quite indescribable References to classic deities and names are ibnndiut ; and Virgil. t,vl(J, and Homer are alluded to in a tone of confident acquaintance with thtse writers. Tbe fict is, that mml of ttw oWer ballads were mawifuctured by ths hedgeschool master: and poor «rho!ars, ss they were cilled. Too bidje schoolmaster was not untrcouently on aspirant for admission to Maynootb, vho underwent a severe course of selfprepar ation by acquiring some knowl-ilgo of Latin and --tcck. Having failed in his main cntoiprice, Laving disc avert d that he bad no 'vocation,' tn» rejected or disappointed candidate for the priesthood, unfit for tleid labour, and t--o old to learn a trade, possessing pedantic pride in liis learning, &uch; as it was, usually set up ns a teacher ot tho tmtlcs, and as ilio local bard and poet of his parish. To him wa are probiVy indebted for the roytbolojlcil machinery r.f ibe ba'Iad. This element hu beon maintained in tbe current lyrics wiih elrgn'ar Sdeliiy to the traditional construction of the lays of the ditch-pedagogues. Amongst the camples of ballad minstrelsy which, he gives, is Ibe following correct version of the song colled Molly Astore which, on account of the bosuti fol snd flowing melody t- which it is usually sung, may be beard with slight variations in all Unas from Britain to Japan : — -lidoiraon Banna's tanks I strayed ? One monil; g in May, The littie birds with blithest notes Made vocal every s^ray : they snng their little tales of love. They bhdp them os.- snd o'er. A. gramnuchiea. Ha Uoltaaa Orao, MtMoll*- Alton. The ifatsy pferl and all the tweets The days of nature yield. The prlmnne pale. Ibe violet blue, I/»y scattered o'er the Ocid ? Such fragrance on the bosom lies . ; Or bar whom I adore. A eiammaehres. Ma Collwn Opu-, . , Oh, bad lalliha flack* that grued OnyondwjrtlionrhilJ, ? '' Or lowed for Me tbe numerous herds ''? That yon green ptstaraHU, - ' ; For her I love Id freely par MyHn.iandSeecy.tore. A grammachree, M* Colleen Ocne, Ma Molly Aston 1 .Then fare thee well, mv Kolly dear. For theoril ever aonra ? \yfcllc life remains in P.trlct'soroast. For tb.ee 'twili ever bnm. Tho' thon art false, may heaven pour Ii'« choicest blessings down. A grammachree, M« Colleen Orae, Ma Molly 'Artore. . Ct. Paul's 5s distinguished by tbe first of a series of papers on Literary Legislators, which promise to be of great interest.. The present paper endeavours to disprove the nonBense whioh the writer tells us has been freely uttered .roBpeetingthe earl/ career ™ «'? -''Braen. ne tens U9 Mat n hotter nonsense to write ot M« having begnnKfe u a soHcilpr'sclerJt, and then as a friendless young adventurer. lSfSVT !TardB thr(raBl1 Jwrtyand ™e knows not what. !.*.«« .*'.'?'? «nm» ™»I- Unguage- as that, when Mr. I'lsraell wrotj! 'Ixlon in Henven ' be 'Ma-.ped bii fingers at. the world is ragged bedevilment.' What next? -Mr. DuraeU was from tho. tot, 'in mciety.' to use theordirX ' ^neuage; be had the highest enlturi'of bis day to start jT«n; ♦? i travelled; 4e had ea.yacceBS to rich and. tur^™1M;i51h: »« ™- 'eYOT 'Mr- .» the true adveo h?fri,1™ X.M, ? WOriil !peak- Bot from mT knowledge of mS,£ J'n * i' '°}-Jub'u of «Dj.bo-iy'«. but from the nature of the case) : and in an-ord. granted his great capaci h^'lUbl!J'T''-lXttfi^at d^aW-ata MspMh. except \- JJi -™w dc?°'?t- ?Ana '»rB are two rides even to tkit question, tor- again granting his great capsdUes- tbere was ltaJl*'r ft ? f M,CIS;tt0D in '- ?' 'ell as of resuMon The !S l 'ie.n»'» ? 'f« anfl achievements is qaito remarkable jnougb m.hout »»y of this «aFger«ting-«nd Inconsistent twaddle 1 yen turn to asseit that the exact position of Mr, DiwaeJl ivould Iwvjbeen impossfbie to him if there had been any r»y. cd bf devilment ' in the case To pursue his precise «W it was M. absolutely essential antecedent condilios ISd ?« '} 6b,ouliHt'l bom a,sentlero»n, suoald have cmture ™5l. if »'n m d haT0 » k'y^'eoclety' within his easy TSStSSZESEZ*? ?*»«««*?« Uml.,. very 'Among the HebiideB' is pleoeantly and descrip tively written. The writer says :— : It is dUScolt to convey to a stranger's mind the utter Ioie r/,ibol fo.ms a patt WiM weltering arms of sea-water with dBop-redstalDSBnd blotclies of onUylnr'wesd ; flat, green, unwholetome island, strewed with sicVy (rrevstone ? vast wlfir Wll l0W ™°°'-M«- Df«ke» *] «Wt« Ki««ns of 'fresh water lochans, «h nee the wild sea- duck arise with a startled cry, isiger besli-wtt« lochs, very Eliallow and blsck, with t gaoiic ; bonlaers and cran rWw oot of ihem Jifre Jaggfd fi5i: tJie,lll!'l«-rl'lu«PnT-l* with heather at tbu liasewid middlo, but ii,i«g .hmpUr Into peaks of lurid «ra»ite j micli aro somo of the features vthkh .tilke, the i-ye where notlilnif i«e«n esvn in detai . ,vbe»e tbere is no (eucnl effect Ba,f tain The prevailiw tone of all -is a dreamy grey-the grey of the rain-cloud oliiih aoatlng liithef over tbe Atl&nMc; breaks here into dark vapour and wraths of wool-white mtat «lHn,Et ''? S°iemn' «oIonrIe'' 6ava 'liere the sun transforms m into wondrous briBhtness; save where the Ibpndersiora, ;ur,ts, with its bright purplo v^lds and forked crimson ignis | ; njve where ibe rainbow, here elitterfn* with aii tiio where us if ia aa,mi t6a epeil rainbows innumerable is-He «rPr th. i i°' J X'e n»ow* ''d spread themselves ill teribg over the isles Onevery tide tirBtchoBthe sea, with, its rest less voices: io the «m the Micch, wKhTt.ntt rUwll misty eyke ; to tbe west, the Afaitlc Ocean, thundering on open i sands w ghasUy fa tint as » dead man's faoo. The habitations of m»nare few, and Katvrea in the most lonely snd nnexpectcd ttMises. Atafirstspuroadi, there isscarcelv a.,^e» '' hUttunily, unless inrtBed ihe red-s»Ued fishing. ™ i-« 'Vth1- \'B ,nnt t»'««^'6*rbed mthe sea, or the tarr Mil el)eftUlw flre bft risInK 'r-'° tbetiiet of ihe soli Ni,iit,. which bcautifl.s and euirituallies aU earthly tbioirsand sceneJ, is lovely oa Loch Uribol; and the wUd mingled outlines of Iaod and wa-er grow terribly pathetic in Ibe silvern light of the moon and the flattering phosphor, sconce of the aurora. As we «renp along up the fjord in onr boat, hearkening to the solitary song, the prospect changes around us as In soms fairy tain. Boned dusky -olnts where the cormorants flutter their wlags and preen their jjlnnj»o-e in (),e moon ; ihroogh shallow bays-*ith eaniiy ihores, whereon tho heron stalksJIke a ghost, knee-deep, with hisblick tliidowia lho tilmn pooCandwhne the mir rorea stars aro as drops of pcariB in ibe sbiinmeriog tide; tbrougbn arrow bl«ck paSBsges whffe the ses- ptgs are floutt- . oenng with nseartbly noises. ' We may very well cotnpara this c'teoription with jhe poem entitled ' Winter in the Highlands of S otland,' of course, but any other highlands would do as well, whioh appears in Caaaell's Magazine for this month. The Bard says : '- Never a sound on the whitened moors, never a footstep sonnd, ... A wt wild waste oi lieathralana, for many a mile around ; A. eilenr.e broken by no void save the wafting plover's cry, Bnow-flakCB feathering through the air, to the ground, from thu leaden sky. Never a tread save tho red wild deer's, lnOiaiont, feertcS E'en, l-.o curling smoko from a cottaje roof, no track, no sign ol men ; But tbe goshawk eal.'e o'er (he wide expanse, and the merlin circles vide is he marks his prey, and the eagle soars to the crags on the mountain side. Grand are theee Highland solitudes, decssed in their robe of snow, Grand are tbe wliite- ir.-eatlied mountain peaks, as they tqver o'f r the vales below ; Grand, too, is Nature's winter hymn, and her ailen- voice cubllme. I As she gratefully chants her prean of praise to the God who : xuleth lime. The publication' of all sorts of Quarterlies and Monthlies, and Weeklies, and Fortnightli6S, which ewcrm from the piesB during this month, nre bo numerous, thtit the mere mention of their names would swell tho notice beyond the limits assigned to it, and thereBy exclude what to readers, perhaps would bo more interesting matters. Amongst tha new fcrials, we notice the ' Congrogfttionaliat,' aiad the ' Preacher's Lantern.' both of which are devoted to theological subjects, and ? intendod to strengthen the hearts of aU who are loyal to tho common, faith.' 