THE ESSAYIST. PROGRESS. Bishop Perry, in his lucid and candid essay on the Bible, has a passage not easily forgot ten—" Progress of the baman race! A fallacy, an illusion. The shifting of the centres of art and letters from one place to another, and the westward path of civilisation may be curious, but it is not progress. The Maori is neither physically, nor mentally, inferior to the European—not to the Briton. The Caffre, the Nubian, the Malay, can teach us more than they can learn from us," &c.; Diffu sion of appliances of physical comfort is not to be confounded with progress; in short, the Bishop challenges proof of oar vaunted superiority over bygone races, over perished nations. As to England's conquests—they were (says the Bishop) achieved by onion, and this onion we owe to the Bible. I cite from memory—perhaps vary the words—but I rely on the consciousness of my ardent desire and will to be truthful and accurate. Snch is the spirit and meaning of part of an excellent essay. What, then, is meant by' the enthusiast who dwells so earnestly on our "progress"—what are the actnal phenomena that arrest and charm him? L The first place is claimed by the increase of physical appliances, of comfort, and luzary —a distinction obvionsand tangible. "A pri vate citizen of Europe," says Gibbon, " is in possession of more solid and pleasing luxury than the prondest emir who commanded in the East the lives and the prowess of tens of thbnsandfl of warriors." To which we may safely add, a second-rate manufacturer com mands at this moment more solid and agree able cbisifort, If riot luxury, than an average country gentleman when Gibbon wrote ; and a servant girl in one of-oar small towns up . oonnttyjiuJies into church arrayed in costlier finery than oonld often be readily commanded on daysof specUl gala by a baronetVdgughter in 1800. Gas, patent matches, telegraphs, railways, vaocutarion,antestbetics, galvanism. with woodcnta of successive improvements Wbat aUuhder iB the vulgar tradition that connects ploughing with obtuse percep ttonstXtuonhofthe finearts. Palijf suchapparent ease on the' moondsrig^t left, as the delicate movement of turnln» . fnrrowis performed,the spectator heeds hot the practised hind at the helm, Humiliation awaits him should he toyhis hand—as-'eiayl to take up * violinfor thejinrt time. Yet ft, iffia ,— „ bioimhto«tthe i>anre«t home of8ir~ deGoveriey.aod never trsot, or wishedto co "ZmiwohY' • r ' jWe ideem Mie Greeks refined. . hhd a ^i^ pfto-ili Every Greek was a man. I cannot help thinking that all onr improved physical ap pliances, onr steam cars, &c.;, are valuable only as stepping-stones to the improvement, physical or mental, of the individual man. If short of this, they may deteriorate and enervate. I therefore dissent from Sidney Smith, who, treatiug of English public schools, contemns the discipline, the games, the rehearsals of life's active straggles, the phy sical hardihood, spirit, and self-reliance of a young Etonian, as superfluous at the present day, "when the pistol, the postchaise, and the policeman can so readily be procured." In this, perhaps, is compacted the pith of the question at issue. Yon boast your improved appliances. Good. Bat where is the improved man? Having stated the case, and exhausted my powers, I leave it to abler analysts. 2\. This doubt as to the reality of human progress is not confined to the class repre sented by Dr. Perry. It is shared by those whose alliance or sanction he would not very ardently welcome. My friend Vivian Sparkler, deep in Balzac and Swinburne, and in Buckle more than in Burnet, shares the strong doubts of the Bishop of Melbourne— '• The Hotspur and the Douglas both together " Can it be, I anxiously ask myself—can it be that the progress I have so long believed in requites proof—that the perfectibility I have so long thought possible has not yet com menced—that the advanced state of being in the human race on which poets love to dwell, however desirable in theoretic aspirations, has not yet assumed an actual existence ? Still, I am loth to abandon, as "a dream within a dream," that which so long has been potent to endear life, to stimulate enterprise, and to sweeten labour. What is, then, "progress,]' or "improve ment?" I answer, it is an increase of_ the happiness and of the powers of the individual man, irrespective of his appliances and out ward wealth. It must be sought in the mind and heart. Now I find, first, we are more humane, having more inlets of humanity than our ancestors. From their hereditary hatreds, so solemnly and sacredly bequeathed and cherished, we are free. " A Montagu" is no longer bound to hate "a Capolet." I. " Come hither, Ewan Cameron. Come, stand betide my knee; I hear the river rushing, Ac. But never have T told thee yet How the great Marquis died. H. " A traitor sold him to the foe— O! deed of deathless shame— I charge thee, boy, if e'er thou meet With one of Aseynt's name. Be it npon the mountain's ride, Or yet within the glen— Stand he in martial gear alone, Or back'd by sum Id men Face him as thou would'et Caoe the man Who wrong'd thy sire's renown; Remember of what Mood thou art. And strike the caitiff down." Gone are the days when every young noble man went to the university impressed with the deep faith—a part of his catechism—that he was bound through life to " hate a French man like the ." We shudder not at eight of a Papist, and, provided that all things be in a "concatenation accordingly," can even love a Jew. To both we have thrown open the bench—cay, the woolsack—and the keeper of the conscience of the defender of the faith may be a circumcised Monotheist, who can not dine with his sovereign. We have hope even for the expiree, and have ceased to hang the sheep-stealer and the forger. Thus the mind of man has, with jmore inletB of humanity, more accretions of power. As the clogs of prejudice are removed the intellect has more freedom of action; influences, once onr tyrants, become onr osefnl slaves, and man, meeting his follow on the broad platform of humanity, finds that the brotherhood of nature lies far deeper than that of creeds, of symbols, of banners, of landmarks; and, banishing the formula; that once ruled him to their proper subordina tion, finds even his catechism "a good, familiar creature," a useful servant, bat no longer a master. Revenge' is an encum brance, an heirloom no longer, ffumani nihil a nobis alienum. We are better than our ancestors, both immediate and remote, in this respect, most unquestionably; and we joy in extending the conquests we, have achieved, in guarding with sense what we have gained by dear experience. 3\. We are becoming more and more impa tient of forms and rituals. In this, I know not whether we be not over-hssty, for many of life's rituals, even the obsolete, are not with oat grace and beauty in themselves. Still it cannot be denied that there is apparent a kind of straggle to simplify the forms, and to prove rite ritual of social lire as mnch as is possible. And why? It isbecanse of the growth of the inner life. The form was once the ma trix of the love or friendship it typified; it is now felt to be hollow, insipid, and incomplete as a representative of the heart "Between yon and me. no need of all this," are words weoften bear, thoronghly feel, and delight to use. The deeper the affection the homelier the expres sion. The devouring monster, burlesque, rapidly seizes as his prey the elegancies of sentiment, once deemed the heart's own truest language. Bat the enlarging heart now throws them off, even as the growing yonng swimmer his corks and bladders, or the blooming «"aiden her absurd backboards and corsets. ' 4\. In the love of nature^ as such, there is some progress. Hi the early part of the' last century ihejiakes of Windermere were noticed only for their char, and the scenery of the Trosachs was " wild and savage." M*h at that period went to Holland for thebeantafoL The jitideviUage of Brook—curious toy 1—was the dtflight of even the poet bom within hail of uie lakes of Kfllarnay. Gray', wis abontJthe firsh l think, that foundbeanty amongthe lakes; even Johnsbn preferred his dfo criptions of ^ tp his Idi? vim , amvMment for leisoiv « existence, The causes of evils are aonght in Mtoueand in ourselves. No ghosts walk in churchyards, but corpse lights are proved to be natural phenomena; no demon caress the old mansion, but foal drains and choked watercourses fill the chambers with malaria. "God'B glorious oxygen" is our chosen phy sician, and the living, sparkling stream our pharmacy. We no longer dread the full moon, and we cease to practise phlebotomy at all. Every year the physiologist discovers new treasures, and every year he discovers that to seek in nature is to' find—every year brings more simplifying of curative processes, and more proofs that " our bodies are our garden,"—that "'tis in ourselves that we are thus, or thus." Contrast the treatment of a patient of to day, even a pauper, with that which opulence and rank could command a century ago. Think of Dr. Willis knocking Qeorge HI. down, and cowbiding him — think of the straw, the squalor, and blows of Bedlam —then view the modem treatment of luna tics. Even madness is disarmed of its super stitious terrors. This surely looks like " pro gress this is increased happiness, increased power. 5\. In the distinguishing of the philosophical and useful parts of history, especially the more ancient—in the discernment of allegory, of truth representative, and of mistaken but sincere enthusiasm, based on solid and merited love, from facts and truths objective— in tbe calmness with which the useful, moral, and noble spirit is retained, while the husk of mere fable is rejected—in these, I say, and similar, are embodied a " progress1' which, I fear, the much-respected prelate would scarcely characterise as a progress upwards. I. therefore, reverently abstain from dwel ling too boastfully on that which many worthy and innocent persons lament to see ; also from presnming to decide questions which I am hardly worthy to study, or suffi ciently acute to analyse. Conscious of limited powers, I feel it a necessity of my nature to cling to my belief in the possibility of that progress I so much need, desiderate, and admire whenever I witness. For, sorely, without the daily consciousness and increas ing love of inward light advancing, life wodld cesse to present its many pleasing vistas of elevation and glory to hope, faith, and love. 