THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter from the Rev. 15. fuller, missionary at Frascr's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier, gives an interesting account of some native prejudices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look upon her son in-law at any time; thoy believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together to sing at school-time, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their Bons-in-law there, and you will see them "backing" -into thfir places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from hir mother's gaze. The young man will not sit down on the same stool or box, or, in fact, anywhere where a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young man would sicken and die. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentle men. The shadow of young women must not pass over the sleeping-places of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives wiil sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their months towards the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel, near the mission, and enable them to get on board tobacco, biscuits, &o.;, which the captains gene rally supply them with. A man cannot mairy a woman belonging to his own tiibe, and the children are supposed to belong to the "mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems custom handed down to them by their* | forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is fo, or such is the case, kc. They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are p'enty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain time?. Asa rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is a devil (mellong), but they have no idea of a God. To give you an i iea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say:—That on this island, which is about 85 miles Iong by 11 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than 19 distinct tri es. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white peopl", have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has a'most died out, the strongest man or the greatest bullv, " takes upon himself" to be No. 1\. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now, since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great smokers—men, women, and children. They are cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it was before the white inan came. "When a person dies they skin him (old men and women accepted); the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body a-e divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body, and caTry the asheB about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill tbeir enemies. They generally whifc their crmp when one diss among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c.;, from na'ives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off, they also say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. The comedy of "A Friend in Need" was played again at the Royal on Monday evening to a capital house and greatly enjoyed. The burlesque of " The Fair One with the GoldenLocks" foil owed, andcalled forth frequent and hearty laughter from allpartsof the't'hea'ro. fhe scenery and costumes were very much admired and the mechanical effects faultless. The local hirs were entertaining, the songs and dances excessively comic, and the fun tho roughly kept up to the conclusion. To night the performance will commence with the comedy of " --still Waters Run Deep," to conclude wi?h the burlesque of "The Fair One with the Golden Docks." Twenty-nine earthquakes are recorded as having been felt iu New Zealand last year. ' >f these disturbances Wellington is credited with no fewer than 11. The " circumstance may be accounted for by the fact well known in nautical and scientific circles, that the town of Wellington is situated upon the lip of a large volcanic crater, at present covered by the waters of Cook's Straits. The soundings show there a large circular basin considerably deeper than the surrounding parts of the straits, and it is generally believed that it is from this unseen centre that the disturbances proceed. If so, itshowsthatvolcanicaction there, though comparatively quiescent for some years past, has not ceased, and the fearful thought cannot be kept from making itself felt at times that a more than usually energetic upheaval may take place, as has frequently been expe rienced ia other earthquake regions, and that the 'Empire City' may become suddenly blotted out from tie geography of New Zealand." The following are the entries for the athletic sports at the Exhibition Grounds on Saturday next;—First Event—100 Yards Race (tar boys under 16 years). In heats.—A. E. Wigg, J. ■ -. Bailey, J. C. Sunter, 11. B. Campbell, E, W. Durieu, Thos. Davidson, W, !I. Carter, H. A. Gooden, J. Spokes, E. W. Richardson, ff. Shoil, J. T. Green. Second Event—Handicap 100 Yards (all comers).—A. E. Wigg, A. Short, T. Duryea, jun., H. B. Trevor ah, G. Harriss, J. Morcoin, J". H. Brock maun, C. Page, A. Fisher, W. G. Rhodes, J. James, S. Morcom, J. F. Mullen, A. Newman, T. Morcom, A. Gurr, C. Wallmann, E. Hap pier, W. Higgins, E, W. Staines, A. W. Jones, J. W. Sanderson, E. J. Fur riell, M. Higgins, F. Stanes, C. P. Stanton. Third Event—Two Mile Walking Handicap.— J. W. Ellis, John Polkinghorn, H. Hawkes, C. Hethrington, W, D. Weir, T. Eldridge, A. Relly, ■ J. Foale. Fourth Event—300 "Yards Handicap (all-comers). — W. S. Harvey, A. Short, T-. Duryea, jun., H. P. Trevorah, Chas. Page, W. G. Rhodes, James James, A. Newman, Allen Gurr, C. Wallmann, W. Higgins, E. W. Stare es, J. Candy, M. Higgins, E. J. Clark, G. Frost, O. P. Stanton, F. Goodfellow. Fifth Event—Hewitt v. Bird.—One mile match. Sixth Event.—Parade for neatest costume. Seventh Event—Walking Match of One Mile. —T. Eldridge, G. H, Smith. Eighth Event Half-mile Handicap (all comers).—A. W. Jones, W. J. Milner, Arthur Short, C. A. Sigmont. O. Goodfellow, J. O. Bailey, A. Newman, Wm. i.iggins, J. W. Sanderson, F. S. Hewitt, J. Jenkins, A. E. Bird, O. J. Clarke, M. Higgins, B, J. Furnell, F. Needham, 