THE BROKEN REIN- < You don't mean to say, Harvey, at you've been fool euouj:h to back ent's stable to win the challengeup at the next races ?' said tJbarles angster, interrogatively, addressing tall, fair-haired man, who sat nguidly smoking a choice Mapila eroot, in one of the quiet apartents of the Victoria club-house, ong-Kong. * Fool or not, I have done so to the e of fifty thousand dollars. One y as well be hung for a sheep as a b, you know, and my only chance retrieving what I lost last ting, is to go in heavy this time, ides, Fanny Irvine is getting ther tired waiting for me, and I ve been informed that her friends urging her to throw me over and ive the attentions which yonhg icomb, of the Ninth, who is rted to be rich as -Croesus, hes to bestow upon hei7 replied jarvey. * Haddington is the only horse you n at all rely upon out ofDeut's ing, and he's not nearly so good a* used to be ; the climate has told ~n him, and I don't believe that he nds the ghost of a chance against orth -Pole. Jardine's lot are firstters this season, and if Kelly rides r the firm, as usual—' ' Haqg Kelly ! I ihiuk that fellow ght not to lie allowed to ride; ough being an officer in the Ninth, of course, comes under the deination of gentlemaa, he's a great 1 too much like a professional to suit my taste. I don't think fair that he should be pitted inst men like Dood aud young gletou, who are more used to ting a counting-house stool than orse,' interrupted Harvey. 'That's unfair; both of the men u mention are skilful equestrians, d I'm sure Lieutenant Kelly r ays rides strictly in accordance th the rules. Abusing the horses d men who arc lo compete with ose of your choice, will not win ur money for you; I should ouimend a little careful hedging, , if Fortune is unpropitious, you'll er be able to pay half the amount your indebtedness, and ' welchcr' an ugly apendage to a n^n's e,' said Sangster, significantly. I shan't hedge a cent, and I've de up my mind to win. I'll bet i a cool thousand that I come out my present little scrape with ng colors.' Thanks, no ! think I can invest money more advantageously, ing my way ? No ! wpll, goodht,' and Charley Sangster started into the starlight, wondering ther his friend John Harvey did really merit the rather unenviable tation he bore in the colony, e gala week of the year for the gn residents in Hong-Kong is t during which the races take ce. It is usually in February, a son which is well adapted, on acunt of the lowness of the temperato the sport. Horse-racing, in British colonies, is generally of a her tame description, but in Hong- ;ng a spirit of emulation has long ! sted between rival mercantile firms, d very valuable horses are almost nually imported from Europe, dia, and Australia, to compete for ne particular trophy—the 'chalnge-cup'—which has to be won two uccessive years by a horse, or horses, elonging to the same stable, ere it n be retained—a feat never yet ccomplished. The largest racing establishments e r c, at the date of this story, main- tained toy the twb well-known aind opulent firms of Jardine, Matheson and Co., and Dent and Co., and , for Several years past, the challenge-cup had been won alternately by their horses. John Harvey belonged to a peculiar type of man, almost indigenous to England, and it seemed to be the result of mere accident that he had been transplanted to the torrid shores of Cathay, for he was himself unable to account for his presence on the isle of'Fragrant Streams.' He was only half educated, but had a good address, a wonderful opinion ot his own merits, and possessed an unlimited abundance of that very valuable attribute which Nature lavishly bestows upon men of bis class, viz., ' cheek.' He had elbowed himself into society upon his arrival, without the necessary credentials, yclept letters of introduction, that are universally looked for in the East. According to his own account, he was of good family, and, on the demise of his father, would inherit vast entailed estates in Scotland; but, having quarrelled with his paternal ancestor, it had become necessary that he should work for his living ; so he had sought Hong-Kong, as being a place worldrenowned for lassitude and large salaries. But the climate affected him, and he found it most disagreeable to have to perform even the very light duties imposed upon him in a Government office, where he had obtained a tolerably lucrative position. So he had endeavored to emulate a certain young man, who, tradition saith, came to Hong-Kong as a clerk, just prior to the annual races, won thirty thousand dollars by judicious betting, and returned home by the next steamer. Luck did not favor Harvey, however; he lost all the money he possessed, ail he could borrow, and all he could anticipate, and, in addition, the peculiarly con-, structed organ that he was pleased to designate liis heart. The object of his. affection was Miss Fanny Irvine, a beautiful, bright-eyed darling, who was just emerging Irom the sunny springtide of girlhood into the blushing bloom of twenty-one. She was the daughter of the highest ecclesiastical dignitary resident upon the island (as the Episcopal bishop drew and enjoyed his salary in far-away Albion), and, though she had a host of admirers among men of talent and good standing, with that perverseness peculiar to the sweeter sex, she preferred the inane adventurer to all others who would have wooed and wedded her, if she had not been so prompt and decisive in declining their advances. The reverend D. D., her respected progenitor, was somewhat of a bonvivant, and Harvey had wou his way to the old man's heart by his sociability and appreciation of choice vintages; but, when he received repeated warnings from his numerous friends that his daughter's betrothed was a 4 bad egg,' he began to regret having so precipitately given his consent to their nuptials. About a month prior to the racemeeting, he was enjoying his usual post-prandial siesta in the verandah of his pretty bungalow, near Morrison Hill, when an old crony—the major of the regiment of Beloochees, stationed at Hong-Kong arrived, and having partaken of a 4 peg'—idest soda and brandy, lighted a cheroot and began conversing upon the all absorbing topic the races. 4 Do you know doctor,' said Major Scott, 4 that I do not think you will find much difficulty in dissolving the tie that now exists between your daughter, Fanny, and that most languid of civilians, John Harvey, Esquire, after the races are over ; lor it is ray firm conviction that that estimable gentleman will feel compelled, (or sanitary reasons, to make himself very scarce. He has been betting heavily, and, unless fitaddington wins the challenge-cup, he will be ruined beyond'redem ption. Ordinary liabilities may be staved off for a while, but debts of honour must be promptly paid : , or a man loses caste altogether. Chomley's stud-groom told me, only yesterday, that Haddington was not nearly in such good condition as he could wish; of course he would not tell ine exactly what the trouble was, but 1 rather suspect | he has gone lame, and, if so, good-bye to Mr Harvey. Why, he'll owe young Halcomb twenty thousand dollars on one bet alone, not to enumerate any of his other liabilities i' 4 Come, come, Scott, don't be too hard on the poor fellow,' replied the parson ; 4 you know he may win, after all, and then, I'm sure, he'll pay every one. Though I cannot help wishing he had never been introduced to Fanny, yet I'd like to see him get his head above water, for he's not a bad fellow in the main.' j 4 Where ignorance is bliss, doctor— you know the rest. For my part, I sincerely trust I may never see my pretty little friend, Fanny, wedded to that man, for I am convinced she would not be happy with him. She might do better in every way. Why, young Halcomb is infatuated with her! He is a steady, genteel lad, with a most enviable private income, and heir to a lordly title and almost fabulous wealth. 11 ' ' Major, my word is given,' interrupted Doctor Irvine, in a low tone of voice that plainly indicated a wish to change the subject. Time, with his relentless scythe, mowed away the hours, and days, an8 weeks; February had already arrived ; the day which was to decide Harvey's fate was near at hand; and that impecunious mortal sat moodily drinking Holland and seltzer in the dreamy solitude of his own apart- 'ments. 'Amoon, you to-day talkee that man belong Jardibe come see my ?' he impatiently asked his chief domestic, speaking in the quaint jargon called ' Pigeon-Euglish,' the general means of conversation betweefc foreigners and natives in the south of China. * My have see he; he talkee my come by'm 'bye, t'nightee,' replied the servant. Presently, an almond-eyed, olivaster Mongolian entered tho room, and respectfully saluted Harvey^ 4 You belong Jardine, number one horse-coolie?" inquired the latter. " One piece fan jin (white man) b'long " 44 My can savvy alio that," interrupted Harvey, " but you belong uutnber one horse-coolie ?" On the man replying in the affirmative, the Englishman theu proceeded to 4 sound' him as to his fondness for his employers, etc., and the native, perceiving the bent of his interrogator's inclinations, quickly induced him to believe that he held in thorough detestation all and everything appertaining to the firm of Jardine, Matheson & Co. Then the schemer went to a closet, extracted from it a bottle containing vitriol, took from his pocket-book a fifty-dollar bank-note, and laid both upon the table. ' You savvy that horse North Pole —Chinaman talkee Pih KeihV he asked. 4 No' Po' my savvy, Pih Keih, no can,' replied the groom, who had not the faintest idea of the meaning of the name of his master's crack racer. 4 M'Shi (never mind). You savvy, North Pole; s'pose you catchee that piecec bridle belong he, and puttee some littee this shwuy (water)' pointing to the bottle— 4 alio over, one nightee before he makee racee; my pay you fiftec dolla',' said Harvey. 'Hi yah!' exclaimed the Celestial, his jet-black eyes glistening with joy at the prospect of oblainiug a small fortune so easily. 4 You wancbee my catchee No' Po' ma low low (bridle i, an' that sJiwuy cha yih izst {water rub on once). My savvy! makee ma low low sze ho sfiaou teih, che twan {bridle break fisundeiy as ii burnt with fire),' added the astute Mongolian Chiuamenfare proverbially quickwitted, and are inherent knaves. This one directly perceived vvhat Harvey wished to be done, aud readily accepted the mission, upon consideration of being p*id fifty dollars down, and another fifty if North Pole lost the race. Harvey was only too glad to accept these terms, aud the next day wagered an extra five thousand on the success oi Haddington. At length the eventful day,; that was to make or mar Harvey, arrived, and Queen's Road, from the clubhouse down to the courbe, wasthronged with vehicles of all kinds, from the stately baroachc, tilled with fair ladies, and drawn by prancing steeds, to the light bamboo sedanchair, containing some stalwart son of the sea, poised upon the perspiring shoulders of native coolies. The race course at Hong-Kong is probably the finest, in regard to scenic beauty, in the world. It lies in the vale of Wong-nei-chong. and is bounded on the east and south by lofty, tree-crowned hills ; on the west, tfce lovely slopes have been fashionBjl into cemeteries^ where sleep in.peace—lulled by the rippling streamlets aud the requiems of birds —those who have passed from earth; and through the vista to the north, the ocean gleams with azure stolen (rom the cloudless skies. At the further extremity of the vale, scintilliant with liquid light, falls flashing through a forest of firs a foaming cataract, whose waters bubble and burst over moss-grown rocks, that tone the symphony of the Syren's songs. Foreigners have given to this enchanting spot the appropriate name ' Happy Valley.' The second day of the race is always considered the most fashionable in Hong Kong, though the attendance is quite as large on the others, as, wet or fine, no one misses the event of the year. The day in question was bright and beautiful, the calid sun-rays being gently tempered by light aephyrs that floated in from the sea. The course was thronged with wondering Celestials, jolly tars, and puny Parsees, and the fun raged fast and furious ; but in the grand stand, where only the elite did congregate, the utmost decorum prevailed; though here and there a face might be observed that was almost livid with concentrated anxiety or dark despair. At last the bell rang, for the competitors entered for the challenge-cup to saddle and weigh ; and the excitement became intense when the second bell tolled, and half a dozen sleek, satin-coated steeds, pawing the sward in proud consciousness of their strength and symmetrical beauty, issued from the paddock. 4 Why, M r Maniac has changed mounts with Lieutenant Kelly, I do declare ! I understood the latter was to ride North Pole,' cried Mrs Pollak, a blowsy,' horsey' dame, the wife of a Q. C., addressing Harvey, who stood by the side of Fanny Irvine, who looked more radiant than ever, being attired in Dent's colors—white, with crimson bands. With much effort Harvey suppressed the imprecation that rose spontaneously to his lip*. 4 Rivington, bow is that?'he inquired of a slim exquisite standing near him. ' Cawn't say, I'm sbaw. Aw! p'waps Maniac wants to win the wace himself,' replied the idiotic fop, squinting through his eye-glass' at Harvey's betrothed. * There's Haddington, and Singleton's in the saddleI'll take a thousand to eight hundred against Haddington!' cried Harvey, who got terribly excited, as a fine looking dark horse, ridden by a slim, beardless youth, cantered past with long, sweeping strides Then the Babel ol'tongaes from the betting-ring below drowned the silvery whispers and low-voiced cachinnations of- the bevy of beauteous belles in the stand, until the cry, ' They'r; off,' rang out across the course, and the noise dulled to a buzzing sound, broken only by the quick hoof-thuds of the gallant steeds as they struggled on for victory. As they swept past the grand stand, Haddington was leading, and the cry ' Dent wins' rang echoing through the vale; but another circuit had yet to be made, and when the flying coursers entered the home- stretch, a change was noticed in their respective positions. (To be concluded in our mxt.) 