BALLAJtAT. Wednesday, 18th December. (PKOM OUR OWIN CORRESPONDENT.) - Thb week 3*as been a tempest of concerts, •and; lectures, and recitals. Peebles, the •spiritist, has told us he does not Relieve the dead live again; he Itnmvs it. Dr. Richardson, who shepherded him here, fsavs ditto, and avows that a man at Sand- - liurst the other day- or night, saw his dead grandfather walk across the floor. It is something to have had a grandfather, for I've heard it said of some people that they had no ancestors; hut it is something more to possess a grandfather who walks the floor after his burial. I trust, for the sake of some people, that we shall have- no * departed mothers-in-law coming hack here from the summer-land to freeze our blood, and make our hair stand on end. For my own part I may say that I know two or three things : to wit, that I. never saw a ghost, that in mining ventures I never had a ghost of a dividend, and that Peebles, Richardson, Terry and Go., appear to be honest, earnest believers in what they preach. Father Kelly lectured here on Friday night in aid of the Ballarat East Public Library, his subject being " The Women of Tragedy." He had a good audience, gave a scholarly lecture, and was well received. As an elocutionist lie is not a conspicuous success, but he puts learning and soul into what he says, that is more than most lecturers can do. He appeared in the hbll of the Mechanics'Institute, where, a night or two before, "Bob Sawyer's Supper Party" and a concert \- wereenacted in aid of Christchnrch School. In the Alfred Hall, and. in St. Paul's Church there has been , a band of visitors fromthe Victoria Blind Asylum and School, performing upon organs, pianos, - r^^f. and willow baskets—not all at on'^f of course; nor all in any one place. These pobr dark people really gave us excellent music, baskets, chairs, nets, cushions, and so forth, and they drew large crowds both to the hall and 'church. To Mr. Drummond, the master of the, Asylum, the Presbyterian Church of St. John took occasion to present a testimonial during the visit of the blind, in token of his services and the respect he won as late secretary of the church. The presentation was made by the Rev. Mr. Ing-lis, the minister. There have been two or three municipal sensations during the week. In Ballarat East the Council, four-ninths of whom are publicans, have elected an illiterate ex-publican to till tlie T office of revenue and weights and measures inspector, vice another not very.-literate expublican, resigned. There were forty-two applicants, and when the Council had boiled the lot down to five, they fixed with unerring instinct upon the worst of the five for .the office. But then there is only one Irishman in the ; Council, and what is he among- so many, though he happens to be. as cantankerous and headstrong as any one of the nine. At Sebastopol, Mr. Wall, the town clerk, has gone wron<^ with his accounts, and lias resigned.. He is an old pioneer here, was in our first local court, and was hit off in those old days in a pungent, characterising sketch by J ohii Miskelly, a sharpwitted Irishman, who was clerk of the court in that remote period. Mr. Bagge, our water engineer, has written a tremendous manifesto to the papers, in which he "gives it" to Mr. Wardell about the' Yan Yean business. The letter is almost as long 1 as the aqueduct from the \ an Yean to Fitzroy. I could not, for the life of me, tell you what it is all about, for I've not had time to read it, not that that may be any disadvantage. The City Council has got into a row with the builder of the hall. He claims £2000 or £3000 for delays and losses, and the Council claims something for similar reasons, so, after long palavering, arbitrators were appointed, and they appointed an umpire, whom the Council objects to through its arbitrator. There is a deadlock, and an ever- increasing claim by the long-headed builder, for interest' and what-not. The umpire was Mr. Shaw, of the Phoenix Foundry, an Irishman with a head. There is nothing new in mining, exceptthat New JNorth Clunes shares are going up, and a good many others going down. Our schools are breaking up, and speech days are setting in furiously. I think I n b s o f o told you Rose Evans is to star it at our theatre during the coming holidays. The Hibernian Society here is to hold its yearly meeting next week. 