M. TAINE'S "NOTES ON ENGLAND." [From tho Paris Temps-.] No. II.-ENGLISH POETRY AND RELIGION. To a mind thus attuncd tho true medium of ex- pression is poetry. In proportion as tho English are inferior in other arts, is their superiority in this one. My belief is that no poetry equals theirs, and makes a stronger and sharper impression on tho mind; that there is none of which tho words are more charged with meaning, or which more faithfully reproduces the struggles and aims of tho inner man, of which tho grasp is more effective and firm, and which moves tho individual and deep-seated fibres so as to draw forth from them such splen did and far-reaching harmonies. On this head it would occupy too much space were I to pass their literature in review ; I content myself with citing only one recent poem, " Aurora Leigh," by Elizabeth Barrett Browning, an extraordi- nary work, which is also a masterpiece ; I repeat, that space fails me in order that I may state, after have perused it twenty times, how beautiful I con- sider it to be. It contains the confession of a gener- ous, heroic, and impassioned spirit, one superabound ing in genius, of which tho culture has been complete ; a philosopher and a poet dwelling amid tho loftiest ideas, and surpassing tho elevation of her ideas by tho nobility of her instincts, wholly modern by her education, by her highmindedness, by her daring, by tho perpetual vibration of her strained sensibility, wound up to such a pitch that tho slightest touch awakens in her a vast orchestra and tho most wonder- ful symphony of concords. It is all soul, and tho inward monologue, tho sublime song of a young girl's and artist's great heart, attracted and irritated by an enthusiasm and a pride strong as her own ; tho sustained contrast of tho masculine and feminine utterances, which, amid tho outbursts and tho varia- tions on tho same theme, continually become separated and opposed in greater measure, till at last, sud- denly combining, they unite in a prolonged, mournful, and exquisite duo, of which tho strain is so lofty and so penetrating as to be wholly unsurpassable. Formerly an epic poem turned upon tho foundation and destruction of cities, and tho strife of gods ; this one turns on tho struggles of ideas and passions, on tho transformations of charac tors ; its author having drawn her materials not from tho outer but tho inner life; and, large though tho epic framework is, tho inner life is still ample enough to fill it. Tho vicissitudes of a soul so redundant and full of life are as important as tho en- counters of armies. In default of legends and divine apparitions, it has forecasts of tho infinite, dreams and aspirations which comprise tho world, wild or luminous conception of bounty and of truth, its hell and its heaven, dazzling visions, ideal vistas which, unlike those of Homer, do not open upon a tradition, nor, like those of Dante, upon a dogma, but upon' tho highest peaks of modern ideas, in order to re- unite at a still loftier eminence around a sanctuary and a God. There is nothing official in this God; he is tho God of tho soul, of a fervid and fruitful soul in which poetry becomes piety, which developes its noble instincts all around, and diffuses over infinite nature its sentiment of holy bounty. Tho whole is set forth in a style almost unique, which is less a style than tho most daring, and most faithful method of a notation, created at every moment and in every variety for tho purpose, so that one never thinks about tho words, behold- ing directly, and, as it were, face to face, tho living thought leap forth with its quiverings, its surprises, its soaring suddenly checked, its unheard-of ¡lights from sarcasm and familiarity up to ecstasy ; a strange language, but true down to tho minuest details, tho only one fitted for translating tho heights and depths of tho inner life, tho approach, tho arrival, and tho turmoil of inspiration, tho sudden concentration of a crowd of ideas, tho unexpected outburst of imagery, and tho endless illuminations which, like tho aurora borealis, successively shine forth in a lyrical imagi- nation. Never flinch, But still, unscrupulously epic, catch Upon tho burning lava of a song, The full-veined, heaving, double-breasted Age : That when tho next shall come, tho men of that May touch tho impress with reverent hand and say, " Behold—behold the paps we all have sucked ! This bosom seems to beat still, or at least It sets ours beating ; this is living art, Which thus presents and thus records true life." A style like that is the natural complement of such thoughts. Let us think Of forms less, and tho external. Trust tho spirit. As sovran nature does, to make the form ; For otherwise we only imprison spirit And not embody. Inward evermore To outward—so in life, and so in art, Which still is life. Poetry, thus understood, has but one personage, tho inner man, and but one style, the cry of a tri- umphant or broken heart. The more I reflect upon this conformation of tho English mind, on their habit of introspection, on this pre-eminence of tho moral being from first to last, tho more clearly do I arrive at an understanding of tho strong and innnmerable roots of that serious poem, which is here called religion. In order to compre- hend with exactness its value and authority, it is essential to distinguish two things-on tho one hand tho wording of tho editor, on tho other tho sentiment of tho reader. This wording varies according to tho views of tho different sects—Quakers, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, Unitarians, Anglicans, but that of tho last is tho most commouly accepted. And with reason, for tho Church of England has on her side antiquity, her alliunce with the State, her priviloges, her endow- ments, her Bishops seated in tho House of Lords, her preponderance in the Universities, her mean position between two extremes, between tho faith, tho dogma, and tho spirit of tho Puritans, and tho faith, tho dogma, and. tho spirit of tho Roman Catholics. In tho first place she is an old and legal compromise, and this suits tho majority, which every where loves compromises, willingly follows tradition, and is obedient to tho law. Moreover, she is rich, she is a power in tho State, she has ties among tho aristocracy, she has good connections, she is- one of tho organs of tho Constitution, and, in virtue of all those titles, she finds favour among statesmen, among Conservatives, among men of tho world, among all those who wish to be considered respectable. To crown all her Prayer Book is very beautiful, her ser vices are noble and impressive, her conduct is semi tolerant, sho permits some play to tho free judg- ment of tho individual. Thus accredited she proposes and imposes her version, and it may be said that this version is generally admitted. There are three distinct parties in this State Church one, which is tho more aristocratic, leans more upon authority, has tho greater fondness for ritual, is called tho High Church ; tho other, which is more popular, more ardent more eager to make conversions and renovate tho heart, is called tho Low Church party Both of them, being rather narrow and inflexible, leave scope for tho operations of a Liberal party, tho Broad Church, which includes the minds which are tho most eminent and conciliatory, and tho best qualified for reconciling science and faith. Thanks to tho latter party, tho gulf which separates lay thought from ecclesiastical tradition has ceased to be impassable Among several other polemic and dogmatic treatises, I have just read Alfords "Greek Testa ment," one of tho most authorised commentaries on tho Scriptures He does not go so far as tho German critics ; his historical judgment is hardened by fore gone conclusions, yet his concessions are sufficiently large to satisfy common sense According to him tho Evangelists are not in perfect accord ; sometimes even, more especially as regards chronology, they contradict each other " This is because they were not mere speaking trumpets, channels ot tho Holy Ghost, but simple holy men inspired by it." They had common materials from which to write, to wit tradition and come imperfect texts, but these materials were " subject to all tho varieties of diction arrangement, omission, and addition which a narra tive admits of when it is tho offspring of several individual minds and several different places Each narrator, according to tho nature, tho defects, and tho compass of his information, his memory, his imagination, and his sentiment, left his mark upon it The whole is true, but it is true as a whole only. Now, between tho divine kernel and tho human covering, tho dividing point is not clear; each person may cut off more or less, and even in the Church itself many persons cut off a large portion, Accord ing to Dean Stanley, being a Christain does not con- sist in believing in particular events in the life of Jesus, in particular dogmas revealed by Jesus, but in Jesus himself, in tho moral and religious spirit with which tho Gospels are inspired. He explains tho gift of tongues in tho same way as M. Renan. He admits, like the Ger- man theologians, that tho Gospels, such as we have them, were composed long after tho Epistles of Saint Paul. His comments on those Epistles are in the style of modern criticism, being marked by tho details, tho judgment, tho independent and piercing forecasts which now-a-days distinguish a commentary on Dante or Pasca. He depicts Corinth, with its sea and its temples, after Pausanias, after tho reports of travellers, after tho experience of his own travels. He exhibits Saint Paul dictating to Sosthenes, a disciple who site beside him and who stops every now and then to remind him of an omission. " We can imagine that tho letter to which Saint Paul replied was enrolled before him in such a manner that he could see at a glance the difficulties suggested, raise objections in turn, sometimes citing them in the very words em- ployed, and sometimes in his language." He effec- tively describes and explains Saint Paul's style, a style as powerful and wonderful as the matter itself; a style jerky and forced, owing to tho interior motions, wholly composed of outbursts or of rough fragments of burning thoughts leaping and clashing like pieces of lava amid flame and smoke ; he likens it in some respects to that of Thucydides, better still to that of Cromwell. He shows tho Hebraic tem- perament and tho Oriental imagination of the Apostle, apropos of which he recalls the state of mind characteristic of the Prophets and tho Psalmists, and he goes tho length of pointing out the relics of a similar form of mental exaltation among the Mahome- tan dervishes. In short, according to him, in order to understand the era of tho Evangelists it is neces- sary above all to form a conception of enthusiasts and of the scenes of enthusiasm such as formerly occurred among tho Puritans, and may now be found in the "shoutings" of America. Mr. Jowett carries criti cism further still. When reading tho New Testament he puts tho common version on one side, and takes that of Lachman, the first being to the second what tho Sophocles and Thucydides of the Revival are to those of Dindorf and of Becker, or what tho " Pen sées" of Pascal, published by the Port-Royal, are to tho same " Pensées" edited by M. Feugère. Tho faith of tho early Christians did not ex actly resemble ours. " They believed that the end of tho world and the second coming of Christ were at hand ;" transported with their conversion they lived in a species of " ecstasy ;" their faith was simple and child-like, "it was tho belief of men who did not try to penetrate tho designs of Providence, and who had never dreamed about tho perspectives of tho future ; it was tho sentiment of men who thought about tho coming of Christ as we think about the return of a lost friend, many of them having seen him upon earth, and being unable to believe that he had bean taken away for ever." Regarding tho outside only, and from tho world's point of view, they left tho impression which would be now made by a sect of Dissenters, poor dreamers whom the men of tho world would consider fanatical, narrow-minded, eccentric, and even dangerous. Their language bears marks of their mental disposition. The words justice, faith, charity, are much more vague as used by Saint Paul than by us ; they correspond to a more excited frame of mind, to a less definite play of ideas. When he says that Adam's sin is imputed to us, he is moved by an outburst of passion, he writes in tho style of tho Hebrews ; this merely meant " that we are all as one man by tho community of our evil nature," and by this community, and not otherwise, are we all united in Adam's transgression. Tho excitement and tho imagination of tho Apostle and tho Oriental are manifested by his frequent use of " very nearly," and his figures of speech are not formulas. When he speaks of redemption and sin offering, he alludes to a Jewish custom. Between this stormy and inspired spirit, which comes out of tha synagogue, speaks in ejaculations, thinks in blocks, and tho lucid, exact, discursive modern in- tellect, which separates and follows, one by one, the mass of precise ideas, tho difference is enormous. It would be absurd, and horrible in addition, to elevate local metaphors into philosophical doctrines. The reader sees for himself tho consequence of principles like these—to wit, tho advent of philology, of criti- cism, of psychology, tho renovation of theology, the transfiguration of dogma. The effect of this is visible already. Distinguished men, historians, clergy- men, have resigned their positions in tho University and in tho Church, because their consciences no longer assented to tho Thirty nine Articles. Bishop Colenso, of Natal, when questioned by converts about tho Old Testament, and asked to pledge his word of honour that it was all true, fell into deep reflection, began to study tho subject, read tho German explan- ations, and ended by publishing a book which rele- gated tho Biblical stories to tho rank of myths. One of my friends, who is very well informed, estimates that out of twenty-four bishops there are four who favour tho liberal criticisms emanating from Oxford ; moreover, these find support among a large number of influential and respected lay men, who approve of them. The modern spirit filters through other fissures—by geology and natural history—for which tho English have great aptitude, by tho experimental psychology which they have always cultivated. In truth,an englishman chiefly loves demonstrated facts, either external or internal—tho incontestable and exist- ing facts of which everyone can at any moment gain experience either within him or without. This dis- position may give birth to theories and even to a system of philosophy, to theories like those of Lyell, of Huxley, of Darwin and of Tyndall, to a Philoso- phy like that of J. S. Mill and Herbert Spencer ; and, where such a taste predominates, it leads tho mind towards one of tho forms of positivism, and, indeed, under diverse forms, especially among men, of science, positivism is no rarity here. Among contemporary nations, among tho French, for instance these things, in different proportions, are very much alike. There, too, we find a symbol, a text accepted by tho majority, comprehensive or narrow interpretations admitted by several small groups, a scientific scepticism to suit some free- thinkers and several men of science who de vote themselves to a special pursuit. In all those things tho points of resemblance are striking, but they, are merely superficial. The inner emotion remain to be considered, tho attitude of the reader in presence of tho accepted symbol ; it is in this particular that tho two nations differ irreconcilably. An English- man is naturally influenced by the sentiment of the far beyond. For him, beyond human experience, prolonged as far as it is possible to imagine, there is an abyss, a vast we know not what, whether blankness or brilliancy ; and in this matter tho most determined votaries of pure experience are at one with the believers. Beyond attainable things Herbert Spencer expressly places something unattainable, tho " un- knowable, tho infinite basis, whereof we can touch but a portion and tho surface. If J. S. Mill dare not affirm this infinity which oversteps all limits, he at least admits it as a possibility An expanse of dark- ness, empty or peopled, enveloping tho narrow circle, wherein flickers our little lamp, such is tho common, impression made upon tho sceptics as well as upon the faithful by tho spectacle of things. Such an impression puts tho mind in a solemn attitude; in does not pro ceed without a tincture of terror ; tho human being is in presence of an incommensurate and overwhelming spectacle ; he is is inclined to wonder and awe. As he is reflecting, prone to moralise, he has no difficulty in recognising tho far beyond in tho moral, as in the material world. He speedily feels that his power is limited, his vaticination short, his undertakings un- certain, that he resembles a leaf carried away in a vast and angry current. During days of sorrow, at tho funerals of his relations, in sickness or in peril, when his dependence and ignorance stand before him in sharp and dread outlines, his emotion becomes poignant. He turns his eyes towards tho great universal movement, towards tho obscure and imposing government of tho whole. By dint of meditating, he tries to image it to himself, and, in default of another image, he pictures it as tho government of some one, as tho result of an intelli gent and determinate guidance, as tho work of a power and a mind to which nothing is want- ing of those things in which he himself is de- ficient. Yet another step. If, amidst tho imper- fections he discovers in himself, tho gravest in his eyes are his evil inclinations, if he is chiefly concerned with ideas about tho just and tho unjust, if his conscience is awake and active, tho primitive emotion guided, rendered clear, and completed, terminates in tho conception of a moral Deity. Thomas Arnold wrote to a parson troubled with doubt, " Begin by regarding every thing from tho moral point of view, and you will end by believing in God.' Upon tho structure thus reared, at tho summit of all those converging pillars, this belief comes of itself and takes its place there as tho keystone of tho arch. The mysterious, tho in- finite, tho far-beyond, becomes tho mysterious Provi- dence, and tho texts of Scripture and tho Liturgy are simply mediums for expressing tho inarticulate yearning of tho heart. Such is tho soundless preparation, tho inner for- ment, whereby tho conception of God is formed and developed. The child receives it from without like a graft. But, in order that this graft should take hold, and should not remain a piece of dead matter in his mind, it is necessary that tho mind should adapt itself, and cling to it and impart its sap to it. This is not performed but after tedious, hidden, and unconscious labour. It ordinarly takes years for the junction to be made and tho foreign cutting to become transformed into an acquired branch. As far as I can judge, this is done naturally and successfully in an English mind, according to the process I have described, by tho conception of the infinite powers which overwhelm us, by tho concen- tration of those shadowy powers is one person, and by tho installation of this personage on tho throne of tho moral world. In this manner religion ceases to be an official formula which men repeat, and becomes a living sentiment which men feel. In order to be convinced of this the reader has but to study the details of daily life in tho correspondence, in the biographies, in tho poems, in tho romances, in all the spontaneous evidences which cannot be suspected of hypocrisy. Some time ago tho newspapers published it letter which a poor sergeant, slain at Petropaulowski, wrote to his wife Alice, on tho eve of tho engagement ; nothing could be nobler,more touching more profoundly earnest ; it was the testament of a soul. Among three novels taken at random there are two in which at a momentous crisis we perceive tho intervention if not of prayer at least of tho solemn emotion of the human being who feels that above his own head and every head reigns infinite justice. The doctrine may be discussed ; in presence of the sentiment itself we can but bow the head ; it is sublime. 