It is said Mr. Thomas Sharp, of Widgiewa Station, Urana, is about to patent a machine, to be used in the extinction of bush fires. Mr. Sharp, though he has felt for some time perfectly confident of the practical value of bis invention, and of its utility in extinguishing bush fires, yet desired to put its capabilities to the test of actual experiment before introducing it to the public. This, we understand, has now been done, and with results so satis factory that lines of bueh fires, by the aid of the machinery invented by him, have been extinguished at the Tate of a mile in twenty minutes. But tor tne numerous and disas trous bush fires that have occurred of late, and the melan choly loss ef life that has been occasioned thereby it is probable lhat the patentee would never have introduced his invention to public notice, bnt seeing the serious damages canted by fires, and the extreme difficulty of putting them out by manual labour, he was led to the belief that the work might be muoh more safely, expedi tiously, and effectively accomplished by the aid of machi nery than by any other means, and without any danger to life or limb. Any one who has been present at and taken an active part in extinguishing a bush fire must know the extreme suffering which continued exertion at a work of this nature entails, particularly in a frightfully hot and exhausting climate like ours, and must have wished that some means could have been devised of accomplishing the desired end by safer, quicker, and less laborious means than those nsually employed, If Mr. Sharp, by the use of machinery, can obviate the necessity for exposing human life to riskjin the trying and dangerous work of patting out bush flreB, as from all that we hear it seems mat he can, he will be entitled to the substantial gratitude of every runholder in the country. We are unable at present to give any description of the nature of the machine em ployed by Mr. Snarp for this purpose.— Wagga Express. On Thursday, a settler living at Lake Albert, Wagga, called upon us ( Goulburn Merald) with lavender water for sale. He informs us that he has five aores of land on which he cultivates lavender, and from the flower distils the perfume. Next season he expeots to have eight acres under cultivation for the same purpose. The bottles are what are termed eight*ounoe bottles, and they are sold at 24s. per dozen. On 31st January, intelligence reached Wagga by telegram from Urana that on that day an unfortunate I man had been struck by lightning on the Cocketgedong run and killed. The coroner (Mr. Armstrong) left town uu xuurouny ui uuiu un inquest on tne Doay, as tne serviees of no magistrate in the neighbourhood could be From news since received we learn that the deceased was employed upon a dam now in course of construction for j Messrs. Watt and Thompson, and had just turned out horse, and was in the act of hobbling him during a violent I thunderstorm, when he was suddenly struck by a. flash of j lightning, and instantaneously killed, the iron of the hobble- chain, with which his hand was in contact having, no doubt, acted as a conductor, and been the immediate cause of tbe fatal catastrophe. The body was frightfully injured, particularly about the face and eyes, and from its appearance after death it seems clear that the eleotric flash must have first struck the poor fellow on the head, and in so doing put an instantaneous end to his existence.— Wagga Express. An old man left Kerarbury station some weeks ago, intending to go to Dubbo to spend Ms Christmas ; after camping a short distance _ from the home station, he left next morning to pursue his journey, but instead of taking the road up the river, he unfortunately took a less fre quented track, which led him out to the back of the run. His water failed him, and it is supposed being unable, through the excessive heat, and his advanced years, to retrace his steps, he lay down and nerished. Had Jib ho»n able to go but naif a mile further he would have found water. There was nothing on his person to indicate who he was. His remains were buried in the place where they were found.— .Hay Standard. A Albury journal states that the difference in duty between the tariffs of Melbourne and Sydney, in regard to several articles, is being looked into by seme of oar traders, with the view of drawing the attention of Sydney com mercial houses to the opening which now exists here for competing with Melbourne houses. A Victorian country paper' relates a ghost stojy. On the night of the 8th Jsnuary, u about 9 o clock, as flie Bev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Mfllbaven, when opposite Mr. Wamhold'e paddock, near the Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed In flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her ul, of the horse. The nTitmai became frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, 'Dear me, what was that?' Mr. Bayley endeavours! to pull the horse up; but on he dashed, nor could be be induced to stop till be reached the gate at Millhaven.' 