THE DIAMOND FIELDS AND THEIR RE- SOURCES. —Subjoined is an abstract of a letter from the Cape Diamond Fields, addressed to Messrs. Thomasset and Cuffly by one of their correspondents, and published in the Times of April 27. The letter is dated, "Now Rush, De Beer's Diamond Fields, March 7, 1872:—There seems to be some impression in England that the diamond fields out here are represented by about 500 miles square of country, and that it is only a matter of putting any amount of labour on to produce any amount of diamonds. Such, however, is not the case. Nearly all the diamonds exported from here have been dug from this place, which is in extent about eight acres. Some also come from two places within two miles of this, called De Beer's Old Rush and Du Toit's Pan. The quantity, however, found at these two places is not one-tenth of that found here. The Kopje is now pt least two-thirds worked out, and as the workings become deeper more labour is required to raise a given amount of earth, and, consequently, every day the diamonds are being found less abundantly. In six months' time the Kopje must be nearly worked out, and in a year from this I feel certain that the export of diamonds from South Africa will be very small indeed. Of course, I cannot say that another such place will not be found; but the three places mentioned were always noted as being those on which so many diamonds had been found on the surface by natives, and, although the country round about has been thoroughly prospected, none but fools' rushes have turned out of it. Every one here entertains full faith that no similar place will be found, as it testified by the prices paid here for claims. I have seen £4000 paid for a piece of ground 30 feet by 30 feet, and I have myself paid £350 for 7 feet 6 inches by 30 feet, when claims were cheap." Another writer in the Times of April 30, who had only just arrived home, denies the correctness of the above view, and predicts a steady supply for twenty years. CAUTION To GAROTTERS.—The following description is given by the representative of a medical journal, who witnessed the flogging of two scoundrels in a London prison last week :—" As to the stripes, surgically speak ing, we can only describe them as a com pound of bruising, cutting, and tearing of the most horrible description; and, familiar as we were with surgical operations before the days of chloroform, we believe that not the most serious and protracted, including amputation, trephining, lithotomy, tooth drawing, or all of them put together, were half so painful as flogging." A DREADFUL CALF.—The Bethlehem Times says that down in Charmersville, or Shanty Hills, Pennsylvania, is "stabulated " a calf that causes great annoyance to the neigh bourhood. The calf is a fine-looking animal, large, sleek, and playful as a kitten, and when left out, as it is on fine days, it goes plunging and capering through the streets and alleys, to the intense delight of the children and the discomfiture of the ducks and geese. This calf has unfortunately a most depraved appetite—nothing will satisfy it but human apparel; it will at any time forsake even a bran mash for a three-dollar shirt or a pair of linen hose. The reporter of the Times has interviewed several heads of families who have suffered fearfully from the depredations of the calf, and it is found, from a careful comparison of notes, that the ordinary washing of a small family will just about make the animal "a square meal." All the servant-girls and housewives in the place have sworn vengeance on the calf; and as many rolling-pins, carving-forks, and logs of wood have been thrown at it as would serve to sink a ship. A "hot-water brigade" has been formed, and has been so actively employed that there is not enough hair left on the calf to stuff a pincushion; but he still returns to the onset, and "chaws away like devouring fate." One melancholy case is mentioned of a family denuded of all the clothes it had, save those on the backs of its members, in the early part of last month by the calf. The clothes having been washed were hung out in a small back yard enclosed by a high board fence, through which was a small door opening into an alley supposed to be too small to admit the "clothes-eater," as the calf is called. On the 3rd ult. the servant-girl having left the door open to air the clothes, went for a few minutes into the house. On her return to the yard, she was just in time to see the calf scrambling through the small door with about six inches of the tail of a shirt fluttering from its mouth. On examination it was found that the animal had got away with the following articles:—One pair of drawers, four pairs heavy hose, one night-gown, one sheet, one counterpane, three handkerchiefs, and half a dozen napkins. The alarming part of the affair was that the 'calf went off "looking hungry." If it turns out that this calf was bred from English stock we are likely to have another heavy bill sent in for " indirect damages." BRING YOUR FRIENDS.— Down East paper furnishes a touching instance of in sect instinct. "I found a cockroach struggling in a bowl of water. I took half a peanut shell for a boat. I put him into it, and gave him two wooden toothpicks for oars, and left him. The next morning I visited him, and he had put a piece of white cotton thread on one of the toothpicks, and set the toothpick up on end as a signal of distress. He had a hair on the other toothpick, and there that cockroach sat a fishing. The cockroach, exhausted, at length fell asleep, dropping his line and rod into the water. The sight melted me to tears. I took that cockroach out, gave him a spoonful of gruel, and left. The animal never forgot that act of kindness, and now my house is chock full of cockroaches." QUEEN VICTORIA AN ENGLISHWOMAN. — I have been favoured by an accredited corres pondent with the following correction of the statement that Alderman Matthew Wood alone advanced a large sum of money to en able the Duke and Duchess of Kent to re turn to England, that our present gracious Queen might be born an Englishwoman. There were three persons—Alderman Wood, and the late Earl Fitzwilliam; the third is unknown, but a silver salver was presented to each by the Queen on her coming to the throne, when the money was repaid." A second correspondent adds— " Alderman Wood may have furnished part of the needed funds, but the late Lords Zetland and Fitz- william, I believe, each advanced £5000. Her Majesty, previous to her marriage, sent Lord Zetland the money, together with a gold salver and autograph."—John Timbs, in Leisure Hour. CEMENT FOR IRON BOILERS, &c.;—Dried clay in powder, six pounds; iron filings, one pound; make a paste with boiled linseed oil. Used to stop the cracks and leaks in iron boilers, stoves, &c.; FARADAY AND THE BLASTING-POWDER. —On occasion of the explosion of a mine at Caswell Hill, Faraday was, sent down as the scientific examiner. He was very assiduous and skilful. The recklessness of the men in the use of blasting-powder had a singular illustration. " Where do you keep the pow der?" said Faraday. "In a bag with the neck tied up," was the reply. " Where is the bag? " Now they had given the softest seat to the great examiner himself, who was horrified when they rejoined, "you are sitting on it!" THE BITER BIT.—A butcher in a York shire port displayed his depth of acuteness in the following manner:—The captain of a French vessel then lying in the river, who had proceeded to town for the purpose of purchasing some beef, accidentally visited the shop of the tradesman above mentioned. Business was talked of freely, and the butcher and his cus tomer became very friendly. The butcher whispered something as to smuggled brandy. The Frenchman took the hint, nod the barter was agreed upon—the butcher's beef for the Frenchman's brandy. The beef was sent on board at once, and it was agreed that the brandy should be fetched away by night. At dinner that day the butcher appeared so de lighted that his wife inquired what was the cause of his joy. "Why," says he, " I've bartered beef for brandy with a Frenchman, and instead of going to fetch the brandy, I'll get £50 for informing the custom-house officers of the affair; and at the same time I told the captain I would take the brandy away, I'll take the officers with me and make a seizure." "Ay, that will be a stooning trick," replied she. Accordingly, at the ap pointed time of night, the butcher and the offlicers started for the vessel; but behold! the Frenchman, vessel, beef, and all had dis appeared. FOOLISH THOUGHTS.—We are apt to be lieve in Providence so long as we have our own way; but if things go awry, then we question if there is a God. He is in Heaven, not on earth. The grasshopper in the spring builds his little house in the meadow, and chirps for joy, because all is going so well with him; but when he hears the sound of the plough a few furrows off, and the thunder of the oxen's tread, then the skies begins to look dark, and his heart fails him. The plough comes crunching along, and turns his dwell ing bottom side up; and as he is rolling over and over without a home, his heart save, "O, the foundations of the world are destroyed, and everything is going to ruin!" but the husbandman, who walks behind his plough, singing and whistling as he goes, does he think the foundations of the world are break ing up? Why, he does not so much as know there was any house or creature there. He thinks of the harvest that is to follow the track of the plough; and the grasshopper, too, if he will but wait, will find a thousand blades of grass where there was but one be fore. We are like the little creature. If anything happens to overthrow our plans, we, think all is gone to ruin. A CUTE PLAN.—It is alleged by an American paper that the eight-hour law is worked in California, if reports are correct, by the men engaged on the state capitol building, in a manner that is suggestive. They begin at five a.m., and work till one p.m., when one day's labour is completed. Then they go on from one p.m. until nine p.m., when another day's work is completed. In this way they manage to do fifty-two days' work in a month; and so draw exactly double the wages the law contemplates. PRINCE NAPOLEON AND HIS PASSPORT. —When Prince Napoleon applied to the French consulate at Geneva to obtain a pass port to re-enter France, he flew into a tower ing rage because the consul declined to grant one until he had referred the request to his government. The consul replied:—" What, sir, do you complain because you are obliged to wait twenty-four hours to re-enter France! Sir, I was obliged, under your dynasty, to wait ten years in exile before I could return to France." There seems to be an encouraging prospect that by the time the construction of the overland telegraph is completed it will all have to be done over again. A danger which has before been casually alluded to has, upon further experience, grown to appear much more serious than was at first thought. The danger is from the voracity of white ants. These pests of all tropical climates seem to exist in great force in North Austra lia. A writer to the South Australian Register describes their ravages in a very graphic manner. It appears that they de your the growing trees, and sometimes eat off the living boughs. The rapidity with which they consume even well-dried timber is astounding. Is is put into a roof today; and before a week fine powdery dust is observed falling from it as the minute agents of des truction are at work. Wooden buildings must be renewed every three or four years at furthest. But this interesting insect appears to have an especial down on the telegraph poles. Many of them are scooped out and honeycombed, and now stand mere shells, waiting for the first strong wind to blow them over. The insulation pins are covered with a non-conducting varnish; but it makes no dif ference, they are riddled and eaten up bodily by the ants. They have not yet taken to eat the wire; but it seems likely that very soon there will be nothing left but the wire. It appears that before long it will be found needful to reconstruct the line with iron posts through the territory thus infested. On Tuesday night last a Mrs. Taylor, the wife of a fisherman residing in Brisbane- street, Launceston, went to a neighbour's to have some clothes mangled, leaving her in fant about three months old asleep in a cradle. On her return before ten o'clock she noticed the cat lying on the child, and on examination found that the poor infant had been suffocated by the weight of the cat. Dr. Maddox was immediately sent for, and rode down in a few minutes. He found the child quite dead. The father of the child was down at George Town on a fishing ex cursion. The inquest was held on Wednes day, when Ellen Jane Taylor, mother of the deceased, deposed that on Tuesday evening, about six o'clock, she put her children to bed, and when they were asleep she went out for about a quarter of an hour. On her return she saw a large cat lying on the breast of this child. She immediately drove the cat off, and on lifting the child up found it to be dead, and sent for Dr. Maddox, who arrived about an hour afterwards. Dr. W. G. Maddox deposed that he saw the body last evening about half-past nine. There was a slight bleeding from the nostrils of a frothy kind of blood, which indicated suffo- cation. There were no other marks of violence. A cat lying on the child in the manner described would cause death. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the child had been suffocated accidentally, through a cat lying on its chest. The Christian World says :—We can safely recommend a graduate of a newspaper office for almost any station in life, at least for all such as require a pretty good knowledge of the peculiarities and characteristics of the human family. A man who can preserve the serenity of his temper, the sweetness of a Christian disposition, and an unflagging per severance amid all the obstacles and diffi culties which newspaper publication present, deserves to be ranked with Job for patience, Baxter for goodness,.and the Iron Duke, for instance, for nerve, power, and obstinate determination. The Hamilton Advertiser (Scotland) states "there lives in High Patrick-street, Hamil ton, Scotland, an aged couple, the husband running in his ninety-third and his wife in her ninety-first year. They have been wedded 67 years; only three of their nine children were married. They have 32 grandchildren, 112 great-grandchildren, and one great great-grandchild—154 descendants in all." According to the Ballarat Star, four of the latter are residents in Learmont, Victoria.: A college professor, who was very rigid as to grammar, suspecting that a surreptitious game of cards was going on in one of the college rooms, knocked at the door. "Who's there?" was the response. " It's me—Pro fessor Simpson," was the reply. "You lie!" roared one of the students. "Professor Simpson never'd say 'it's me!!' He'd say 'it is I;' so you be off, or I'll break your head!" The professor saw the boys had him, and quietly left. Among the replies to an advertisement of a music committee "a candidate as organist, music teacher," &c.;, a vacancy having oc cured by the resignation of the organist in office, was the following:—" Gentlemen,—I noticed your advertisement for organist and music teacher, either lady or gentleman. Having been both for several years; I offer you my services." ORIGIN OF THE WEDDING-RING.—Some doubt seems to exist in the minds of anti quaries and others as to the origin of the sanctity of the ring, that most important feature in our marriage service, as in bygone ages it was given to the bride only as a gift amongst other presents. The form of it was doubtless a symbol of eternity. It was the custom amongst the Anglo-Saxons for children to be betrothed at an early age, and at such ceremonies the bridegroom gave the "wed" (hence our word wedding) or pledge, which consisted of a number of valuables, amongst others a ring, which was placed on the girl's right hand, where it remained until it was transferred to her left when she was married. On that occasion the bridegroom put the ring on each of the bride's left hand fingers in turn, saying at the first, "in the name of the Father; " at the second, "in the name of the Son ;" at the third, "in the name of the Holy Ghost;" and at the fourth, "Amen ;" after which the father presented the husband with one of the bride's shoes as a token of the transfer of authority, while the bride was made fully aware of the fact by a blow on her head given with the shoe. The husband bound himself down by oath to use his wife well, in failure of which she might leave him, although he was allowed by pre- scriptive right to bestow on her and his ap prentices moderate castigation. Popular opinion in time formed itself into law, and even now-a-days there is an idea current in some parts of the country that a husband may beat his wife, provided that the stick be no longer than the wielder's arm and no thicker than his middle finger. An old Welsh law considered three blows of a broomstick a fair punishment upon any part of the lady's body except the head. Those were queer homely days, when people believed in the truth of the doggerel— A woman, a whelp, and a walnut-tree, The more they're beaten, the better they be. Now, however, there are such personages as policemen and stipendiary magistrates, such punishments as the treadmill and the cat, as many a ruffian wife-beater has found out to his cost.—The Ladies. SAILOR ANECDOTE.—When Jack is flush of money, or when seamen are scarce, there is not a more independent being on the face of the earth. Before signing articles, he gives the vessel in which he is about to sail a thorough overhauling from stem to stern; he runs his eye critically over the captain, he has a confidential yarn with the chief officer. In the royal navy, especially, where a man en gages for a three years' cruise, the choice of a ship becomes a serious matter. Once upon :a time, soon after the introduction of steam into the navy, her Majesty's paddle-wheel frigate Gorgon was lying in Portsmouth har bour, preparing for sea, having been put into commission for the Pacific station. Says one able seaman to another, as they lounged on the Common Hard, at Portsmouth, smoking their pipes, " I've a rare mind, Bill, to ship aboard one of these here new-fangled craft. Spell out her name for us." So Bill, who was reckoned a bit of a scholar, began slowly and painfully, but backwards:-" N, O-no; G, R, O, G-grog : No Grog." "Ah!" re plied his companion, " then she's one of those teetotal ships I've heard tell on; I shall give her a wide berth." Accordingly, her Majes tys' ship Gorgon lost a first-rate hand through Bill Tompkins's peculiar method of spelling. RAILROADS In GREAT BRITAIN—It has lately been shown, says the London Builder, that 14,247 miles of railway are now being worked in the United Kingdom, on which no less than £500,000,000 has been ex pended, which is five times the amount of the annual value of all the real property of Great Britain, and two-thirds of the national debt. The gross.net annual revenue of the railways in this country, after deducting all working expenses, exceeds £22,000,000 sterling, more than the total revenue, from all sources, of Belgium, Holland, Portugal, Denmark, Sweden, and Norway. The com panies have in their direct employment more than 100,000 officers and servants. The value of rolling-stock exceeds £30,000,000. DIMUNUTION OF CRIME THROUGH IN- CREASE OF GOOD EDUCATION AND TRAIN ING.—The returns of the inspectors of prisons showed that in 1843, when the population was 6,300,000, the criminals sentenced to penal servitude or transportation amounted to 4498, and that in 1869, when transportion was at an end and when the population was 21,900,000, the criminals sentenced to penal servitude .amounted to 2006. That certainly must be reassuring to those who had an idea the crime was increasing in this country. He believed that the facilities for the detection of crime, increased education, and the charitable institutions in which the noble earl opposite (Shaftesbury) took so much interest, had, to an immense extent, repressed crime in this country.—Speech of Lord Morley in the House of Lords. ANECDOTE OF BURNS.—Earl Crawford, contemporary with Burns, was leisurely saun tering along the road, in company with a Lord Boyd, when the latter perceived a man leaning on his plough in deep and silent meditation. Lord Boyd drew his attention thereto, remarking at the same time what a lazy fellow the ploughman was. Crawford, award that Boyd had not recognised the ploughman, remarked, " whatever expression you may shout out to that man he will reply. in rhyme." "I will try him," said Boyd, and.at once bellowed out "baugh," like a bull: Burns, it was he, quietly turned round, took stock of him and his companion, and, with becoming courtesy to Lord Crawford, said— "'Tis not Lord Crawford, but Lord Boyd, Of habits rude and manner void, Who, like a bull among the rye, Cries "baugh" at folks as he goes by. —Galaxy. AN IRISH JUDGE.-Cornelius O'Dowd, in Blackwood, mentions the case of a student of Trinity College, tried before Lord Guilla- more for a petty theft. The defence was his station in life, his prepossessing ap pearance, and his family. The judge charged in these words, "gentlemen of the jury, this is a short issue. The prisoner at the dock is a young gentleman of attractive manners and irreproachable connection, who stole a pair of silk stockings—and you will find accordingly. GRADUATED SCALE.—Scribe, the French post, hired a house in the country to pass the summer. As soon as he was fairly installed in it, he went in search of a farmer who had a milch cow. Having found one, he stated his want. "My good man, my servant, will come every morning to buy a pint of milk." " Very well, it will be eight centimes."? " But I want pure milk, very pure." "In that case it is ten centimes." "You will milk in the presence of my servant?" "O, then, it will be fifteen centimes." What is the difference between charity and a tailor? The first covers a multitude of sins; the second a multitude of sinners. Ladies who wear dyed hair which does not belong, except by purchase, to them, will find (the Pall Mall Gazette says) some interesting information respecting the manufacture of artificial tresses in a report to the Holborn district board of works by Dr. Gibbons, which lately came under con sideration by that body. Dr. Gibbons's attention has, he says, been called to a nuisance arising from the process of hair dyeing at a house in Southampton-buildings, where the business is carried on on a small scale. Some of the hair which is very clean is boiled in a small saucepan or fish-kettle with a solution of logwood and copperas over the sitting-room fire, and when the solution is poured away, and the hair left to dry, as it occasionally is, in the backyard, it is alleged that the liquor and hair together emit an offensive odour. Dr. Gibbons has, however, twice watched the process, but was unable to detect either noxious or offensive smells. There is certainly, he adds, nothing injurious or offensive about logwood or copperas, either separately or combined. In fact, copperas is used as a powerful deodoriser. At times other dyes are used. He proposes, therefore, to watch the premises, and, if necessary, to compel the owner to take the best practical means to abate the nuisance. " Vel, lasht night vash de varst ash never vas. I tought to go down de hill to mine house, but no sooner did I valk, de faster I stand still, for do darkness vas so tick I could not stir in my boots, and de rain—dunder and blixen! in more'n tree minutes my skin vas vet to mine clos. But after von leetle while stopped quitten rain someding; so I keep feel log mineself all de vay long; and when I comes to mine house to valk in, vat you tink? It belong to somebody else. A tenant of an earl being out hunting with him, plied him so thickly with "my lord " and " your lordship," that, in order to get rid of him, the nobleman leaped over a very high gate. But the man followed him, and exclaimed, "O Lord! O Lord ! my lord your lordship took a lordly leap ! " Here is a new story about Dean Richmond. A modest printer's devil in Albany entered the magnate's office, fearing that he would be rudely rebuffed when he made his mis sion known. After a moment's hesitation, he said, faltering: "Mr. Richmond, I be lieve?" "Yes; what do you want of me?" "I should like, sir, to get a pass from Albany to Buffalo." " On what grounds do you ask for a pass?" (This with a rising and very rough voice.) "On the grounds, sir, that I don't want to pay my fare." Richmond, without another word, wrote out a pass and handed it to the applicant. The boy took it, saying, " thank you, thank you, Mr. Richmond." "You needn't thank me. I'm glad to accommodate you. You are the first person I've ever known, by thunder, to ask for a pass on the right grounds." There is said to be a great similarity between a vain young lady and a confirmed drunkard, in that neither of them can over get enough of the glass. A lady advertises for sale one baboon, three tabby cats, and a parrot. She states that being now married she has no further use for them, for the reason that their amiable qualities are all combined in her husband. 