Dapto Branch Church Society.— -The meet ing of the Committee of the above Society, which had been originally fixed for Wednesday last, the 22ndinst., was held on Saturday evening, at tho Council Chamber, Dapto. Tho President (tho Rev. J. H. Rowsell), tha Secretary (Mr A. Moore), Treasurer, (E. R. Evans, Esq., J.P.), and four collectors (Messrs. J. Lindsay, C. Musgrave, B. Prior, and E. F. Smith), were present. Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read, con firmed, and signed, and tho Chairman had scarcely laid down liis pen when lie fainted, and some considerable time elapsed before he again became conscious. Letters were read from Mr Ewer, and the Bishop of Sydney, with reference to tho increase of the clergyman's present scanty stipend, by a grant of £50 per annum from the Church Society, and a like amount from the Continental and Colonial Church Society. A resolution was passed, thanking the former society for its liberal grant, and instruction was given to tho Secretary to convey to the Bishop of Sydney, the Dapto Society's acknowledgment, as well of the kindness and courtesy manifested in his letter, as of the addition made through his intercession by the latter Society to the slender stipend of the clergymau here. The subscriptions which had been collected were handed in, and betokened either a healthier action in the parish, or an increase of energy on tho part of the colleotors. The rev. chairman addressed the meeting- at some length on the present posture of parochial politics, and his own painful position in the parish, and the well-wishers of the church must bestir them selves in. earnest, or Dapto will be, at the end of a year, without & resident clergymen. The next meeting of the Committee was fixed for the last Wednesday in August. Volunteer Parade and Rifle Match. — The Volunteers to the number of between 20 and 30 mustered on the Parade Ground, last Friday, shortly after 9 o'clock, when they were first put through several evolutions, by Ensign Owen, assisted by the Serjeants of the Company. On the whole, tlie manner in which tho different manoeuvres were gone through was not to be com plained of. The entire absence of the band, how ever, was a marked deficiency in the proceedings of the day. We may here state that wo have been given to understand that the band has become defunct, or almost so, so far as bandsmen are con cerned. This is a matter which is much to be regretted, not only by the Volunteer Company, but by the inhabitants of the district. Immediately after the parade several of the members repaired to the butts to shoot for the prizes which were to be contested for. The shooting was to have been made at the distances of 200, 500, and 600 yards, but owing to a hitch about getting the small targets ready, it was agreed to shoot at 400, 500, and 600 yards instead.' There were five prizes and only six competitors. ? In order to equalise tho chances of success extra shots were allowed to four of the men. The amounts of the prizes were as follows : — First prize, 15s ; second, 10s ; third, 7s 6d ; fourth, 6s ; fifth, 2s 6d. The following is the score : — ' ? ^-Yards - 400 600 600 tol. Private Tildsley (scratch) ... 16 9 14 — 39 Sorgt. Gillespie (17 shots) ... 22 10 6- — 38 Hon. mom. A. Campbell (scratch) 14 14 9. — 37 Corporal M'Paul (16 shots) ... 9 12 9—30. Corporal Lindsay (16 shots) ... 8 11 3 — 22 Private Stumbles (17 shots) .... 10 6 7 — :22 There being a ' tie' between Corporal Lindsay and Private Stumbles for the fifth prize they agreed to shoot off for best, at 600 yards, and after firing three rounds each for that purpose, Corporal Lind say carried off the victory by an ' outer' only. Some private matches took place afterwards, when very fair shooting was mado throughout. Hollo way's Ointment and Pills.— Disorder of the throat and chest. — Whoever has once mado trial of these invaluable remedios can truthfully boar testimony to their astonishing bfilcacy, thoir curative and presorvativo powers, against the many maladies of winter. The ointment, rubbed on tiio chest, acts most beneficially in arresting inflammation, irritation, congestion, and all pectoral complaints. In ulceratod sore throat, diptheria, mumps, quinsey,' aud similar ailments, the ointment shoula be' well rubbed upon tho throat and summit of tho chest at least twioe ft clay, While the' pills are taken internally, according til tfic plainly printed directions. : D.u-to Regatta. — A regatta took place, ac cording to announcement, at Robertson's Point, Illawarra Lake, on Queen's Birthday, and was largely attended. Wo regret that our report of tho proceedings must stand over until next issue. The Chiukty Minstukls. — Tho Now South Wales Christy Minstrels performed in tho Temperance Hall on the evenings of Friday and Saturday last, and oil each occasion that spacious building was nearly full. Tho company of Minstrels numbered ten, and tho reputation which they earned, in Wollongong during their previous visit, ensured them full houses oil the present occasion. Tho programme on Friday night included several Rentimental songs, and ' nigger eccentricities,' which, were rendered in excellent style in every instance. On Saturday night the Company was most successful in all their elForts. Tho sentimental singing of Messrs Dawson, Malpass, and Poulter was really good, as was also, the cunic rendering of several negro melodies by Messrs Rogerson, Poulter, and Roberts. The Orchestra, including six instruments was also excellent, ami tho selections and accompauiments played during both entertainments were not the least enjoyable parts of tlie programme. Mr. Rogerson makes as good and .as eccentric a ' nigger' as can be well imagined, so far as . ' pranks' and ' capers' are concerned, and as regards cute sayings, and ' half joke and whole earnest.' remarks from time to tune, Mr Roborts is almost inimitable. Tho latter gentle man took the part of ' Tobias' in the Ghost in a Pawn Shop, with which the entortainment concluded on Saturday evening, and his efforts kept tho audience in a perfect roar of laughter throughout. The articles represented as beingpawned were nearly all mentionedas belonging to local individuals, aud the appropriatoneBS of the articles with the known characters, and positions of the gentlemen named, elicited the most intense merriment among tho audience. Altogether the entertainments were universally successful in every respect. Fairy Meadow Church op England Sabbath School. — Her Majesty's Birthday was most loyally kept in this part of Illawarra. Tho Lake Regatta had its numerous admirers, Bulli had its festivities, and Fairy Meadow had ita Sabbath School picuic. Tim school is attended by about 40 children, and Mr. J. Farrell, assisted by Mr. Anderson, Mrs. and Misses Wright, and others, iB doing a good work in sustaining the interest of tho school in the place. On Friday, the chil dren, and a number of tho parents assembled in the school-room, and at half-past 10 o'clock a.m., they were addressed by the Incumbent of St. Michael's, the Rev. Mr. Ewing. The children sang several hymns on the occasion. Tho service ended, the congregation soon found its way to the junction of Towrodger Creek with tho ocean. Thore tho abundaut kindness of the teachers and their friends was apparent. All that even a Sabbath School picnic should be able to boast of was there ; and a lovely sight it was to see so many children, so healthy looking, and so tidy, with their friends, enjoying the gocd things so amply provided for them. During the day gamus such as young people relish, were engaged in. We were surprised to see the young men exhibit so much skill in the manly game of cricket. With a little practice, the Fairy Meadow Cricket Club would be second to none in the district, if all the members of it show tho skill of some of them we saw on the picnic ground. Reunions such as we have described, have an admirable moral and social effect, and we are B'.ire that the Sabbath School will reap no little advantage from the evident anxiety of those who had the arrangement of the picnic, to do their very best, in all ways, to promote the comfort of tho children and visitors. 