THE COMING COMET. {FEOil THE SATUBDA.Y EEVIEW.) Nervons people, as it is credibly stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astro nomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards us with amazing [£LUiUil-V I* 'I' lut; icuiuic aujooco \j*_ aija\j&j; and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course,' as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such comet coming ; that, if it were coming, it would be a very welcome -visitor ; and that we have already passed through a comet, and found it less obnoxious than a Lon don fog. The astronomers mean -well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood — for even astronomers have 'teen boys— snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a child ish 'un&gumtion.; loves to people the dim borders of jte little world ? Would any body -Willingly give up that delicious feeUag of superstitious awe which was at once the chapm aud terror of hjs «*riy years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted, than a railroad station? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky With a death-dealing tail ' has been weighed and measured, and. had, as it were, a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till his impressiyeness has departed ?from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal 'regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified onr infancy were unmistakeable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Evea &} the comet has been lowered ip popular estimation till qur skies have become as empty of horpors as Jlyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thomson, indeed, was Mod enough last autarn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that, some time or other, the world would foe amashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexo rable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction Of -course, his fellow philosophers found fault with some ni his details, for science 16 a remorseless enemy to poetry. - Let us, however, for a brief period 'dally with false urmise,' and endea vour to return to tiie simple 'fai£h of a child, iet m uaa&qe; ⁢ the satmo-; mer has really prophesied our approach ing fate, and that the prophesy is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able, without the help of telescopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before frighted the human race. It will grow, slowly at- first, bat afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to pur naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall, watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sua itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than, anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large 'bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such 'antagonists,'we shall not have time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawls amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dis missed from existence. On the other' side of the world we shall, perhaps, have just one flash of sensation. We shall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust — to indulge in a humble simile — is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its aew career, to whirl, through the universe, each bearing with it— so we shall remember on the faith of a president of the British Association — some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endless process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of the poles, and singe the world into the likeness of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again condeuse and ascend upon the depopulated planet Alas! we cannot claim the eloquence whioh would be ne cessary to do justice to such tremendous catastrophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming, might possibly be equal to the task of describ ing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world, but nature is not prodigal : she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture, which our readers must fill up for them selves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be pre dicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable that we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith in mathematics, and we. should in sist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things, even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for . the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is surmounted. If we were really all con vinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human race and its dwelling place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would the effect be on our minds? The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of afiairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religions feeling would either go into retirement, or would endeavour to awaken tne con sciences of the sinners around them; whilst the sinners would become utterly reckless, and would Temember that there was no use in keeping a cellar of wine to be consumed by a comet Some such tendency would,f of course, be manifest ; but the question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be .carried on by simple vis wertvx in our old grooves. After a little, time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel that, if it was not -worth while to undertake anything new, neither was' it worth while to give up the old employ ments which have become necessary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories, 'such as that of the man who in sisted on taking his accustomed pill an hour before he was banged ; and if we were all under sentence of execution — as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the interven tion of a coniBt^r-it is, perhaps, reason able to suppose that we should act in the same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, ' It's all very well^ we shall not want anything more after, the 12th of August ; but that is no reason why we should not. bave our. Tegular meals and enjoy our newspapers at break fast' .: . . A. lady and gentleman *pere married very quietly in the country,- and pro ceeded - in their carriage to spend the honeymoon among the Cumberland lakes, the gentleman giving strict orders to his Irish . footman on no account to state to inquirers that they were newly married. When leaving the first inn on the road, tbfi happy couple were much astonished and annoyed to find the sgrpants all assembled, and, pointing to the - gentle man, mysteriously exclaiming, . ' That's him.! thqt's the m»n!' On reaching the next stage, the indignant master told his servant he had divulged what he im pressed upon him as a secret, and that, he had told tu& ^T???*8 ?* the last inn: they were a newly-married couple.' ' jShure an'.;itfs not tbxne, yerlonour,' replied the guisant j HI tonld the whole' kit that yer honour, and yer LonowV lady (heaven bless her !) -wouldn't be married yet for a fortnight '' - . . Cruel. — Ayoungmanfromthecountry, h out walking with a young lady, cudgelled ' his brains for Bome interesting topic of conversation to amuse her with, but in vain } he could hjit upon nothing until they met several cows, when the swain said, with much simplicity of manner, 'Nowj isn't it strange what a motherly appearance a cow Jias V — To which the lady replied, ' I -in not thmk it strange, sir, that a cow should have a motherly 