ANTICHRIST. It is not an uncommon thing for a father to come out alone to this country, and, having settled himself in the interior, to send for his wife and children. In such a case he would possibly speak to his children to this purpose — ' You have heard of lions and tigers in hot countries, but there are none here. You may freely go into the bush with but one precaution : you must beware of the serpents which abound in this district, which are much more dangerous than the most ferocious beast you have ever heard or read of. The lion or tiger might tear your flesh, or the wild bull trample you under his feet, and you might still recover of your wounds, and live in health and enjoyment; but the bite of this most terrible of creatures is fatal. No one whose veins have received his poison can live.' No doubt the children would toll one to another about the danger of falling, into the power of this dreadful monster, and awful visions would rise to their imagination of this tremendous enemy. One 'thing, however, they would require to know: how were they to recognise this enemy, that they might avoid him? The answer to this would be very different from the previous language of .warning, and very disappointing to their excited imaginations. ' It is an animal very much like an eel, with a pretty shining skin, generally spotted, .that passes' softly and silently through the grass.' Thus warned, the children might go forth. Presently a pretty creature glides across their path, scarcely disturbing the flowers that bow their heads as he moves. ' O, what a beautiful creature! shall we catch him 'and bring him home?' 'No! take care. Do you not recollect what our father said.' 'We do indeed, well; but He talked of : lions and tigers, and poisonous creatures more- terrible than the horns and hoofs of a wild bull — not of this, quiet, pretty, ; harmless thing.' ' Yes, he talked of other wild beasts when : he told us of its danger ; but he used very different language when he told us how we were to recognise it. The gentle motion, the harmless looks, the shining skin, all tell me it is the very thing my father desired me to beware of.' It! is evident that the boy who distinguished his father's' instruc tion how to recognise the serpent, from the words of warn ing which described his fatal powers, would avoid the danger; while those whose minds were' so absorbed by the idea of his Ayickedness that they could not bring down their imagina tion to conceive of Him as any but terrible in appearance, ; would be in immediate danger of falling victims ? to their inability to distinguish between the dangers which an enemy may bring, and the possibly attractive appearance - of that enemy. \- God has given us a warning of the dangerous enemy He calls Antichrist. His very name implies opposition ±o Christ, and an assumption of His. character and office;' and in addition to this we are expressly informed that1'' he 'denieth'the -Father' and the Son,' 1 John ii. 22. ' Wicked ness cannot go beyond that. We are told such an enemy ' shall appear, and we are told how terrible he is: He denies the Father and the Son — this is his 'crime, his danger. Bi.it can we recognise him by that characteristic,? If wesattempt to do so we are, lost in a world of infidels and blasphemers. Caiaphas and Pontius Pilate, the hundreds of millions of heathendom and Mahometanism, as well as modern unbelievers -in Christian lands, would answer to that character; but that will not in the slightest degree assist us to, find the indi vidual. Have we no other mark? Yes. When the Apostle tells us to' 'try the spirits, whether they be of God,' he gives us a very distinct mark — 'Every spirit that' con fesses that Jesus Christ is come in ? the flesh, is of God,' I John iv. 2, 3. He is speaking to Christians to warn' them, of the approaching clanger, and of false j)rophets — not of those who deny all prophecy and all revelation, and therefore we must look among them for the characteristic mark ; and so I he goes on to give the mark — 'Every spirit that confesseth g not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh, is not of God ; and I this is that spirit of Antichrist whereof ye have heard that g it should come, and even now already is it in the world.' I In the second chapter, to which we have already referred, | we learn the danger of the enemy, here we learn his | de- I scription ; there we learn how fatal are 'his delusions, here E we learn to recognise, that we may avoid him. 1 And what then is his distinctive characteristic? ? First, He is a spirit, the word being used in the sense of a spiritual teacher; second, he is a prophet, for such he must be in some sense to be called a false prophet; and, third, he does not con fess that Jesus Christ, is come in the flesh. Let us notice the remarkable words — ' cloth not confess.' ' It is clear that the person referred to does not deny this truth. The language would not bear any such implication, and the person who made such a denial would plainly be put out of the pale of the church, which Antichrist certainly is not. His mark consists not in denial, but in failure to confess. The word ' confess,' too, is a remarkable one. It signifies, to acknowledge some person or thing of which we may possibly be ashamed. Now, all the world over, those who worslnp at all, desire to glorify the thing worshijoped ; and while it is an ennobling and gratifying thing to declare that our God has assumed the form of man, and has come down beautiful as Apollo, and impassable as the beings in human form that appeared to Gideon or Manoali ; to regard the Deity as in a body like our own, limited by the limitations of humanity, and bound to one spot — this is humiliating; and he that declares he believes this, in the presence of beautiful heathen fables and magnificent manifestations recorded in the Jewish Scriptures, may well be said to confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. Transubstantiation appears to Protestants a gross ab surdity. We know that a human body can be but in one place at a time, and the person who imagines the reverse must be in the lowest depths of ignorance. But we know that men of the highest.. intellectual power have firmly held this doctrine. How are we to account for this? Do these men really believe a, glaring impossibility 1 Or is it that they, though they boldly proclaim belief in the incarnation in general terms, yet shrink from the practical confession of this humbling doctrine1? We find expressions such as these continually used by men of this stamp :— ' The elements become, by virtue of his,' the priest's, ' consecrating words, truly and really, yet spiritually, and in an ineffable way, His body and blood.' Again — .. '.'In the; Holy Communion, .after consecration, the body and blood of the Lord Jesus Christ are 'verily and indeed ' present on the altar, under the forms of bread and wine.' ' The body and blood prescn are that same body and blood which were conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Maiy, suffered under Pontius Pilate, ascended into heaven, but they are not present in the same manner as they were .when Christ walked on earth. He, as man, is now naturally in heaven, there to be till the last day: yefc He is super naturally, and just as truly, present in the Holy Communion, in some way which we cannot explain, but only believe.' And' again — . ?' We repudiate the opinion of a ' corporal presence of Christ's natural flesh and mood,- that is to say, or the presence oi His body and- blood as they are in- heaven.. . . ? ? ? . We believe that in the , Holy Eucharist, by virtue of consecration, through the power of the, Holy Ghost, the body and blood of our Saviour Christ — 'the inward part, or thing signified' — arc- present, really and truly, but spiritually and ineffably, under the outward visible part or sign, or form of bread and wine. ? . ' . . . . We believe that Christ him self, really an'd truly, but spiritually and' ineffably, present in the sa'crament, is therein to be adored.' - ? ' . It , is unnecessary to multiply quotations. . Every one knows that epithets such as those used above — 'spiritually' j-resent — present in an 'ineffable' .way, .' supernaturally ' present,' 'spiritually and ineffably' present, and phrases of a similar kind — are commonly used by the apologists for the' doctrine of the presence of % Christ's body in the elements'. It is qviite true these or similar expressions are sometimes used by those who deny either change or introduction of substance into the elements; but they are used by the one party to show that they do not believe in the presence in the elements, and therefore do not refer to the actual body of our Lord; while the other party expressly refer them to the actual body and blood — the body born of the Virgin Mary. No person in his senses would think of the bodv of a real mail being ineffably or supernaturally present. A human body is a thing we can see, feel, touch; and whose presence, motions, and actions, as far as we understand anything, we can understand. . The supernatural takes us out of the region of humanity altogether, and ? introduces us to that which is above nature. We know what we mean when we speak of a human body as being present; we do not know what we mean when we talk of the supernatural, the ineffable, the transcendental — we merely assert that they are beyond the range of our knowledge or ideas. Surely those who use such language, who speak of a natural body in heaven, and a supernatural body on eai'th, must regard the body of our Lord as a divine thing, endowed with the divine attributes of ubiquity, and not limited by the limita tions which surround humanity. They do not confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh. 