DIOCESE. OF SYDNEY. (FROM OUR OWNjOORRESPONDENT.) '♦'?'. The Synod. — The Diocesan Synod has been summoned for the 16th July, and will have some very important matters brought before it. An attempt will be made to obtain the repeal of the Church Act of William IV. But there is a very material difference of opinion about the propriety of our seeking that repeal. The fact that th'e Act is practically ignored by many parishes in one or two particulars is much relied upon by those who desire its repeal ; and the other fact, that most of our trusteeships are founded upon the Act, is quoted as a reason why it should be left intact. How far the Legislature is iitxiy to listen to a, petition irom tne unurch or Jin gland to repeal an Act which affects other churches is a question which has yet to be decided by experience. There arc also other matters of much importance which will be brought forward at the same session. The Visitation. — The Bishop has announced his intention to hold a visitation of the clergy on the day that the Synod meets. This will Secure a large attendance of the clergy. But indeed the attendance . at the opening meetings of the Synod lias always been good. The clergy get tired, and anxious about their sick and dying people and the various works which require their personal superintendence when the session reaches its second week. I believe the episcopal charge will deal more with spiritual than temporal matters, leaving the latter to its more appropriate place, the Synod. The Gold Fjeveb. — The excitement about the mines seems, some what lo have cooled during the last month. It is, however, remarkable how the material resources of the -colony arc coming to light, and how large the fortunes which arc falling sometimes into worthy hands. Oh, for grace to remember whose is the silver and whose the gold, as well as for a mind to give to Him that which is His own! Moore College.— The second term of 1872 will have commenced before this reaches the eye of the readers of the Messenger. Biit, inasmuch as the majority of the students who Avill be present will be from the -Melbourne diocese (seven out of eleven), it may not be out of place to mention here the suggestion of one who is deeply interested in the welfare of the college, that both the principal and the students should be very specially remembered in prayer during the progress of the term. The whole church is deeply interested in what is said and done with a, view to the training of its future ministers. The Holy Ghost alone can lit the minister for his work, but He may be pleased to r^ike use of the college as a means .to this end. ' . Chueoh Society op the Diocese of Sydney.— The following is 'the Address referred to in the lasb issue of the Messenger, as ?having been delivered by the Bishop of Sydney at the recent meeting of the above Society : — ' Before I call upon any one to move theadoption of therepoi't which has been read, I will proceed to give some account of my proceedings in England during my recent slay there, and also my impressions of what I saw and heard. One principal object of my visit was to ascer tain, from the authorities at home, what in their view is the real position of the church in the colonies, and what is its relation to the church at home. The result is to my mind entirely satisfactory. We are not only justified in calling ourselves the Church of England in New South Wales, but we are the Church of England here so long as we adhere to the doctrine and ritual of the church, and give ourselves no license to alter its formularies. I was also desirous of ascertaining if the aid of the highest legal and ecclesiastical authorities could be obtained to enable us to form a tribunal of final appeal in matters of doctrine and ritual. .My effort in this direction was so far successful as to elicit from the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and from the Bishop of London, as well as from the Lorcl Chancellor and some of the ex-chancellors and judges, the expression of their willingness to afford the church in the colonies any aid hi their power, as also their approval of the object of such a tribunal and of the manner in which' it was to be constituted. The plan has been already laid before the Standing Committee of the Synod, and been published in the Australian Churchman. Passing from this subject, which will no doubt be fully discussed in the various Synods to be held this year, I may observe that our voyages to and fro in the steamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company were punctually performed. We had service every morning, and on Sunday twice, and occasionally three times, and were safely landed in England at the close of a very severe winter and the outbreak of a lovely spring. The usual annual rmeetings of the numerous religious societies were held in April and May. At one of these, for the Propagation Society, I gave an account of the church in Australia, and endeavoured to enforce the claims of the society upon the support of the people, and also our own claims for a larger measure of that aid which is so liberally given in other quarters. I. also attended meetings of the Church Missionary, and Colonial and Continental Societies, and for the former preached the annual sermon in Westminster Abbey. It was an interesting coincidence that mj dear friend and former fellow- labourer, who was also consecrated a bishop at the same time with myself, Bishop Ryan, was invited to preach the annual sermon for the British and Foreign Bible Society, in the Abbey, in the same month with myself. The fact that such sermons are now preached in this principal cathedral of England is significant. It shows how great must be the change which has taken place to allow these services to be held — a change greatly for the better. The number of religious societies and their annual meetings have largely increased. The effect of this increase is in some respects injurious. The attendance at the meetings was smaller, and the incomes in some cases diminished. Nevertheless, the Church Mis sionary, Colonial and Continental, and Bible Societies, had steadily augmented their receipts. One effort to do good attracted my atten tion, and largely engaged my sympathy. I allude to the work of the Christian Evidence Society. A series of lectures was delivered by some of the most able and learned men of the day, in defence of revealed religion, and in opposition to the various forms of scepticism ' which prevail. I heard two of these — one by the Dean of Canter; bury, Dr. Payne Smith, on the evidence for the being of God to be derived from the constitution of man ; the other by Professor Raw linson, on some difficulties in the historical portions of the Old Testa ment. They were most valuable, able, and convincing. They,- with nine others, are published in a volume, which has already attained a very wide circulation, and which I can confidently commend to my hearers. The chairman at each lecture was a layman eminent for I his rank or his public character, and the array of names, of lecturers and chairmen, is calculated to encourage the friends of revealed truth by affording convincing evidence that the supporters of religion are neither few nor uninflucntia], and are not ashamed publicly to profess their adherence to the Word of God. I heard much of the infidelity which prevails. I saw a good deal of the efforts made to stem its progress. I saw nothing of ritualism, for I did not go to seek it, but I heard much of it, and also witnessed and took some part in two meetings of the Church Association, which has been formed to uphold and defend the doctrine and practice of our Reformed Church of England, In social matters. one thing which '?; struck me Was . the increased expenditure upon luxuries, the enormous sums given for works of art and paintings (imagine one : room in which the china alone was valued at £70,000), while extreme poverty and misery were found side by side with wealth and extrava gance. How so much poverty and misery as prevails, for example, in the ' cast oJ! London,. have been brought into existence it is hard to say; how it is to be relieved is a sLill more difficult problem, for the very efforts made to diminish distress appear only to augment it by adding to the numbers of improvident and idle recipients of public bounty. ' Nevertheless, the efforts made on behalf of the suffering poor, arc great and noble. Upwards of one thousand per sons have associated themselves under the presidency of the Bishop of London, and give their voluntary aid to the clergy and others in visiting and .relieving distress. Many have also put themselves in communication with the Poor-law officers and the Mendicity Society. Their agency is somewhat recently f ormed. The Scripture readers, the missionaries, the deaconesses, the Bible women, and the nurses, as well as the parochial district visitors, are every where at work. In the country parts, cottage hospitals are springing up. The .large work- house schools have in many instances been transferred to the country,' a better system of putting out pauper children to nurse is being established, while the management of hospitals and large institutions, such as the workhouse at Liverpool with U population of 5000 souls, has been committed to the care of trained nurses. To any one who has not read it, and who may be interested in this subject, I would strongly recommend the Memoir of Agnes Jones.- What I have now mentioned forms but a portion of the works of benevolence carried on by voluntary effort in England, but enough has been said to show that there is a great desire on the part of those who have time and means at their disposal to use them ? for the benefit of their less favoured brethren. It appears to me, then, on the whole— looking at the church and at society— that matters are both better and worse now than some years ago. There is ? a vast increase of wealth, there is much .more poverty. Infidelity is more bold and active'; ? its opponents are fully alive to the emergency, 'and are equal to it. Inthc church there is a lawlessness, a disregard of order and of solemn obligations, Avhich appeared to me inexplicable ; an adoption of Romish phraseology and practices, an avowal of sympathy with Romanism, and contempt of the Refor mation, totally inconsistent, as it appears to me, with an honest adherence to the Church of England. At the same time, I believe there never were so many good men ministering in the church ; arid, certainly, there never was a time in which more activity was dis played by the members of the church. The good and the evil are like two forces running upon parallel lines, with ever-increasing velocity. The efforts made for the spiritual and temporal well-being of mankind are more varied and more active than^ever, while the agencies of evil are equally numerous, and carried on with a zeal worthy of a better cause. In the Church of England parties are no doubt'becoming more sharply denned, and though chnrch congresses and mission services bring men of different views together, it is impossible not to see that while good men on either side can find and rejoice in some points of agreement, the differences on others are fundamental, and that the occasion may arise in which it will hardly be possible for both parties to remain in the same visible union. I have mentioned church congresses as a kind of common ground, on which men of all parties meet and discuss some of the more important questions which engage the attention of the church. I attended that held at Nottingham under the presidency of the Bishop of Lincoln, Dr. Wordsworth. It was most interesting and- instructive, and some of the subjects were treated with a seriousness, and ability, and spirituality, which gave a very high tone to the whole proceedings. The published report will amply repay perusal. I visited the Universities of Cambridge and . Oxford. Great changes have taken place in them of late years. They have become more secular, and in a less degree seminaries of sound religious learning. To outward appearance discipline is relaxed, and in certain lecture-rooms Christianity has been super seded by Hegelianism, one of the many sides of Neologianism. Still there, as elsewhere, , the good is present and active. The labours of Lightfoot and Westcott at Cambridge, the expositions of the minor prophets and of Daniel by Dr. Puscy, the sermons of Canon Liddon, and the lectures of Professor Beurtley, at Ox ford, are all on the side of revealed religion as contained in the volume of inspiration. There is unquestionably much personal piety and devotedness amongst the young men, and many of the parochial clergy in both the universities are able and active. I ad dressed young men in different colleges in Cambridge, in companies of from thirty to fifty, and on two occasions upwards of 100 in each University, speaking to them partly on Australia and partly for their spiritual edification. In Cambridge there is a daily meeting for prayer in the middle of the day. Both universities have a weekly meeting for prayer, and I found a Sunday-school, formed years ago by undergraduates, friends of my own, still carried on with greater vigour and success than ever. From my own observation- and from the information of others, I gathered that there was much ground for hope from the younger members of the universities. Some of the junior fellows whom I met were men of such ability and decided piety that they cannot fail to leave their impress upon their con temporaries and pupils. I am bound gratefully to acknowledge the kindness of the heads in both universities, in that a grant of books issued by the University press was made to Moore College. The subject of primary education was one whicli attracted great interest. The Government, through Mr. Forster, have succeeded in establishing a general system, which, while it sustains the private efforts hereto fore made by the different religious denominations, is so framed as to meet the wants of large towns and also country parishes where there has hitherto been no school, by means of a School Act. The Church of England has been very forward in availing itself of the aid given to denominational schools, so much so as to provoke the jealousy of other bodies, and cause the Government plan to be vehemently opposed as favouring denominational education. The op position has, however, for the present been signally defeated. The proceedings in Convocation have latterly assumed a new interest. The royal license has been granted to convocation to deliberate upon the fourth report of the Ritual Convocation, involving the shortening and division of the services, and the formation of special services. The proposal to make these changes evoked considerable opposition in the Lower House, but it was eventually carried, and is probably by this time become law. The subject of 'the Athanasian Creed has also been under discussion, and Lord Shaftesbury has introduced a bill for the reformation of Ecclesiastical Courts. In the considera tion of these measures, the good sense and sound judgment of the Archbishop of Canterbury have been of the greatest service. His health, I am thankful to say, is quite restored, and I have great reason to record with gratitude the valuable assistance I received from him. On the future of the Church of England there is abun dance of room for speculation. I myself do not think there is much reason to apprehend the disestablishment and disendowment of the church. Lord Derby, in a speech at Liverpool, admonished the dif ferent parties in the Church of England, that if they could not agree they would so far weaken themselves as to invite an assault which they would be unable to resist. On the other hand, unless the law of the church on certain disputed points is clearly laid down and enforced by authority, it is to be feared that confidence will be lost and support withheld It is the Reformed Church of England that has firm hold upon the affections of the people, and if they find that it is tending towards Rome, they will hardly think it worth maintain ing. The strength of the Church of England is in the country parishes, and any one who observes what is the position of the clergy there, and the work they do, must feel that to destroy or materially weaken such agency would be to inflict a very severe blow upon one of the most important and valuable social institutions of the kingdom. During my stay in England the illness of the Prince of Wales took place. I was in London at the time. It iised to be said of the Duke of Wellington that he was the one man in England who filled the eye of London, It might truly be said that the illness of the Prince of Wales filled the heart, not of London only, but of the world. In the metropolis the interest was intense. Crowds collected in the cold December nights at Marlborough House to hear what the 11 o'clock telegram reported, and separated in sad silence when the tidings seemed to give faint hope, but broke out into a grateful cheer at the first intimation of a favourable change. It was, indeed, a wonderful time. The heart of the people was moved as one man, the whole nation absorbed in one subject, but one topic of conversation wherever men met, churches and schoolrooms filled with praying people, the telegram sending 10,000 copies of the prayer for the Prince's recovery to every part of the kingdom, whilst from' England and America the sympathetic response was returned, that everywhere the people prayed. And the prayer was heard. Three times the members of the family were summoned to his room to see him die — three nights the great bell of the Cathedral of St. Paul was held in readiness to toll the sad tidings of his death — yet still he lived — and now with mother, wife, brothers, and sister, lie has gone to that cathedral to render thanks to God for life restored, in answer to a nation's prayers. ' Forth went the nation weeping With precious seed of prayer, Hope's awful vigil keeping, 'Mid rumours of despair ; Then did Thy love deliver 1 And from Thy gracious Hand Joy, like the southern river, O'erflowed the weary land.' [Hymn sung at St. Paul's.] All private griefs were for the time swallowed up in this absorbing care, yet it can never cease to be a sorrow to me that one so affec tionately regarded by myself, and so much respected by many in this colony, should have been so suddenly removed in the midst of apparent health and much usefulness as my dear friend, the Rev. Edward Synge. The church in this colony owes much to his faithful service and unwearying devotion. He died in the midst of his work. He had invited me to be present at the opening of his church, which he had completed under difficulties that would have appalled other men. He was reading the prayers at an evening service, and had commenced the general thanksgiving, ' Almighty God, Father of all mercies,' when he fainted and fell, was carried home, and in five days had died of fever and inflamma tion of the lungs. He was for the most part of the time of his illness unconscious, but once aroused himself to say, ' I am going home — are you ready to come ?' and again, ' I have lived two lives.' His life in Australia told much upon him, his work at home was not less arduous, but neither life was lived in vain. It was the same work, as he observed to me, in either hemisphere. I, who knew him first as my Sunday- school teacher, then my curate, lastly my mis sionary chaplain, and always my beloved friend, may fitly bear testimony to his self-denying and devoted character ; but there are those also on the banks of the Lachlan and the Murrumbidgee, and far away on the Darling, who will testify that the first clergyman that they saw, the first preacher they heard, was my trusted fellow labourer who has now entered into his rest. I pray that it may please God to raise up many of like mind with our departed brother — men of undaunted courage, who meet difficulties to overcome them, because they meet them in faith and prayer — men not loving ease, but loving work — men of a spiritual mind and of a sound judgment, whose hearts are filled with love to Christ and to their fellow-men, and who i count no achievement so great and blessed as the winning of souls to I God by means of the gospel of His Son. These are the men we { should pray for as '\ve lift up our eyes and behold the fields white to j the harvest. May it please the Lord of the harvest to send forth j many such labourers into His harvest. Let me especially commend to you those who are to be ordained on Trinity Sunday and those r 'who are to be confirmed in the course of this year, that upon them and upon the people of these lands there may be poured out an abundant supply of the Holy Spirit's grace unto the conversion and. _ edification of the souls for whose salvation we labour and pray, ,- ? - ' ' ? ' '?'''?'?. x '' ' - ' 