LOCAL NEWS GUNDAGAI. POLICE business continues very quiet in this locality. The only case demanding the attention of our local Bench during the present week was that of an aged and bereaved female, who had been partaking so copiously of stimulants—perhaps to drown her sorrows— that she felt compelled to assume a recumbent position in Sheridan-street, for the purpose of indulging in a noon-day siesta. She was accomodated with an apartment in Benton's Hotel by the police. ON Thursday a little boy, youngest son of Mr. Dee, of the telegraph office, fell from the verandah of his parents' residence and broke: his collar bone. Medical assistance was pro- cured for the little sufferer. FROM a table showing the monthly receipts at the Mint from the various gold-fields for this and last year, we find that from the Southern gold-field the amount received up to the end of June 1871 was 27,993 ozs.; in June 30th 1872 it had risen to 36,077 ozs. The returns from the Western gold-fields to June 1871 were 15,052 ozs.; to June 1872; 135,194 ozs. From the Northern gold-field the returns to June 1871 were 8,223 ozs.; to June 1872, 5,272 ozs. It will thus be seen that the increase has been very large in the returns from the Western district, and there has been a considerable improvement also in those of the Southern, while in the North the yield has fallen off nearly 3000 ozs. ANOTHER accident showing the danger of allowing children to play with edge tools occurred the other day, by which a little boy, son of Mr. Fuller, of Nangus, was injured. His elder brother, it seems, was chopping some boughs with a tomahawk, when the little fellow laid his right hand on the trunk of the tree on which they were placed, and had two of his fingers so much injured that his father was compelled to bring him into Gundagai and get one of them amputated; the other finger it is hoped may be saved. THE 'New South Wales Medical Gazette' for the current month contains an able paper entitled "Notes on scorbutus," by Dr. F. Campbell; translations from the Greek on "The causes and treatment of acute and chronic epilepsy;" a continuation of Mr. J. W. Shepherd's "Notes on indigenous and acclimatised medical plants of this colony," treating of the castor oil plant; a well written editorial article on the water supply of Sydney; an account of a singular case of binocular cyst in the left ventricle of the heart, and extracts from home papers. COOMENTING on mining matters the 'Burrangong Argus' says:—"Mr. A. D. Shepard has applied to lease 26 acres on the Marshal McMahon reef, and Minter and party have applied to lease 6 acres on a reef called the Southern Empire adjoining the Marshal McMahon.—Some very rich specimens were brought into town yesterday by Mr. W. Hayes, from a reef christened Eureka, not far from the old Muttama reef. All the various forwarding offices, and also the goods shed at the Goulbiirn railway terminus, are, we have been informed, full of goods to be forwarded to various places in the interior; but teams to convey them onward are not to be procured, owing to the bad state of the roads for travelling. The last monthly escort that left Gundagai took the following parcels of gold: ozs. dwts. grs. From Bank N.S.W. Adelong 601 12 20 ,, Bank N.S.W. Tumut 275 9 20 ,, Bank N.S.W. Gundagai 19 5 8 ,, Enterprise Co., Muttama 135 9 0 ,, Wagga Wagga 85 16 0 1117 13 0 THE body of the late Mr. G. D. D. Pilkington, whose loss, and we may add assured death, was recorded in last issue, has not, up to the time we write, been discovered. We have been informed that on the night of the 27th ult., on which the abovementioned gen- tleman was last seen alive, a resident at Spring Flat heard a great splash in the Mill Creek, and that next day it was found that a portion of the bank, containing, it is supposed, several tons weight of soil, had fallen at a place where Mr. Pilkington usually crossed the creek on his homeward route. It is, therefore, consider- ed probable that his body may be buried under the fallen mass, and we believe that as soon as the creek has somewhat subsided this place will be dug up. We may record that rumours have been current as to the missing man's dog, or the semblance thereof, having been seen running on the cemetery hill and howling piteously, and of Mr. Pilkington him- self, or his ghost, having since his disappear- ance been seen, in the dusk of evening, to cross the Mill Creek and enter his house. The first story is authentic, so far as respects the fact of a dog howling on the cemetery hill is concerned; but it belonged to a digger who has quitted this locality, and howled for the very sufficient reason that some one had tied a string, to which an empty sardine box was affixed, tightly round its tail. The other legend is simply and entirely untrue. We regret to learn that Mrs. Pilkington has been annoyed by some persons prowling round her house at night, and that on Wednesday night last she was compelled to protect herself by firing a gun at one of the parties who thus molested her. Such conduct on the part of these intruders is especially reprehensible, and if the person fired at was wounded the general verdict will be that of the Welsh jury— "Sarved him right." WE desire to call the attention of the proper authorities to the very unsatisfactory condition of that portion of the Main Southern Road known as Gillengro cutting. It is so nearly on a level with the river that it is covered in flood time, and the water is, moreover, washing it away piecemeal. During the great floods two years ago this portion of the road was for weeks utterly impassable, and the coach had to be taken by an improvised road over the hill; even during the present season the mail coach from Albury was recently detained for twelve hours at this place, which every fresh of the river renders more difficult to pass. The proper means of remedying existing defects would be to carry the road over the hill, safely above the reach of floods, and this should be done without delay. The high level approach to the Alfred Bridge, which carries vehicles safe over flooded flats, will not avail to facilitate travelling much, if an obstacle to further progress such as the Gillengro cutting is permitted to remain in its present state. RELATIVE to the proposed bridge over the Tumut river, at Brungle, we may state that the petition praying that this very necessary viaduct should be erected has been presented to the Secretary for Works, by Mr. Hoskins, M.P. for the Tumut, accompanied by our repre- sentative, Mr. Macleay. Mr. Sutherland, we are informed, promised he would make enquiries respecting the matter, and would bring the subject before his colleagues in the Executive Council. If the question is fairly investigated, and the facts conveyed in the petition are duly considered, we conceive that the result must be satisfactory to residents at Brungle and all others interested in the matter. THE following selections have been made at the Land Office:—Thursday the 4th inst.: Joshua Bushell, 100 acres, Native Dog Creek, county Clarendon; same, three lots, 40 acres each; same place; Daniel Flannery, 60 acres, parish of Jindalee, county Harden; same, same quantity, some place; Henry Levett, 100 acres, parish of Mitta Mitta, county Clarendon; James Robinson, 111 acres; parish of Kimo; county Clarendon; George Morgan, 40 acres, parish of Kimo, county Clarendon; William Vokans, 40 acres, same place; James Graham; 40 acres, parish of Mingay, county Harden; William Godfrey, 40 acres, parish of Cullinga, county Harden. Auction selection: Ben- jamin M. Osborne, 22 acres, and 21 acres 3 roods, parish of Bundarbo, county Buc- cleugh. Thursday, the 11th. inst.: Mary O'Donnell, 120 acres, parish of Coolac, county Harden; James Murray, 74 acres 3 roods, parish of Coolac, county Harden; James Quinlan, 40 acres; same place; John Jenkins, senr., 216 acres, parish of Nangus, county Clarendon; Betsey McGrath, 160 acres, parish of Tarrabandra, county Wynyard; Samuel Billingly, 60 acres; John Billingly, 40 acres, parish of Cooney, county Harden. IN the early part of the week we had fine bright days, with sharp frosty mornings and evenings; but on Wednesday rain set in again, and the weather has continued showery, sloppy, and generally disagreeable since then. THE following mineral leases, have, the 'Government Gazette' notifies, been cancelled for non-compliance by the lessees with the conditions of section 22 of the Crown Lands Occupation Acts of 1861:— L. Mandelson and J. Robertson, two lots of 80 acres and one of 40 acres, parish of Brungle, county Buccleugh. THE REV. H. S. SEABORN, who for the past two years has been living at Young, is about to take up his residence in Wagga Wagga. The 'Burrangong Argus' says—During the period passed by the rev. gentleman in Young he has rendered efficient assistance in con- ducting the services in the absence of his son (the incumbent), and the members of the Church of England have to thank him for the fact that, while the services have been regularly held in town, the congregations in the outlying portions of the district have also been attended to. WE have been informed that the share list of the Crown of Old Reef Adelong Gold Mining Company, the prospectus of which appears again in to-day's paper, will be closed at 4 o'clock this evening, nearly all the shares having been taken up—at all events a sufficient number to float the company. SEVERAL mishaps have occurred to the Sydney and Albury mail coaches of late, owing to the wretched state of the roads; but those misfortunes have been overcome with the utmost promptitude and least inconvenience to passengers possible. Considering the state of the roads Cobb and Co. carry out their contracts remarkably well; in fact no one is in a position to excel them. MINING operations have again been interrupted by the unpropitious weather; but future prospects continue generally favourable. Messrs. Munn, Butts, and Co. have sunk their shaft on cemetery hill 60 feet, and have struck a gold-bearing leader about 16 inches wide. They have also formed one dam and have submitted some 10 or 12 loads of surface soil from the "old gully" to sluicing operations, the result being an average yield of 2 dwts. per load; they expect as they get further down to obtain richer returns. Work is being proceeded with on the Mount Parnassus Gold- mining Company's ground, the results of which will presently be apparent, and the same may be said as respects the prospectors' claim on the Evening Star reef, on the same eminence. The statement we heard relative to news from Morony's reef being unfavourable, is, we have been informed, not authentic. The prospectors' claim we are told is looking better than ever, but some of the other claims are supposed not to be on the course the reef shows indications of following. In South Gundagai Hawthorn and party are at work on the Wheel of Fortune reef (Doyle and Potter's old claim) and have a reef in view from 4 to 6 feet thick. They intend to sink another shaft 100 feet north of their present one, which is but shallow, and expect to strike the reef at a greater depth there. The parties on No. 1 and 2 south of the prospecting claim entertain good hopes of their ground. The news from Muttama continues encouraging; especially as respects the Enterprise Company's ground and the new Eureka reef. The discoverers of this reef, Hales, Brewer, and party, comprising two others, have, we are informed, been offered £500 each, or £2000 for their four acre lease, and have refused it. A gentleman who inspected the portion of the reef that has been laid bare, after a shower of rain, told us that the stone literally looked as if handfuls of gold had been thrown over it. Many miners are out prospecting in the neigh- bourhood, the Enterprise Company having lost several hands in this way, and we hear that fresh detachments of gold-seekers are 'en route' for the locality from Grenfell and Young. Another lease has been taken up on the Excelsior reef, and work generally is proceeding briskly at Muttama. AMONG approved claims for undefined pre- emptive leases published in the 'Government Gazette are:—Gundagai. James Luff. 30 acres, parish of Darbalara; William Luff, 420 acres, parish of Gobarralong; Thomas Quirk, 270 acres, parish of Wagra; Thomas Givney, 150 acres, parish of Darbalara; O. H. Givney, 120 acres, same place; Allan McKinnon, 150 acres, parish of Wagra, all county Buccleugh; Daniel Murphy, 420 acres, parish of Kimo, county Clarendon; John Taylor, 318 acres, parish of Jindalee; James A. O'Donoughe, 240 acres, parish of Money Money; John Hennessey, 240 acres, parish of Cooney; Stephen Williams, 450 acres, parish of Cullingar; Thomas Friend, 240 acres, parish of Money Money, these five in county Harden.—Tumut: Alexander Rankin, 540 acres; Paul McGruer, 450 acres, both parish of Brungle, county Buccleugh.—Tumba- rumba: John Donoho, 570 acres, parish of Manus, county Selwyn. 