[?] r-'- i-: -II:' ~7k^, TTTTT: ? — ? ;';:;. '; )-;,:!?,;; aA^^^-AT*,-- ???? ?'!;?':: .;,';?.'.::; A;-NK-v;;-N:q.y!E!,ii'.;..:' ;.:,:;;' ,:'r- .??* ' i',,'.'l':' '-..' BT.' ?,; ;' ; {,' ''V'.V-.. Ji-'E ,D7-i;'trrN; 'jyi!';Y,rA''!T.!«]-3 ,^; . :- ;;?. .-??! :.-;.\\-i ! . ; AUTDQa-OPi. i-\':r'' '';7i|O-J- }7--i ' BriACK'SHBEP,'' WKEOKED1N POIW^' :&c.;\ «to. ? '.'?) :-Ui-. ?:?;(': ??????? .-BpQKicr-.il/, ;; ».-;-..?! -;?- ,;-.- i;'i, - :' ;-,?:o3I CHAPTER II. ::A;HBVE]iAWOIT. : .:-»'«' 5 : lu-ah .old-fashibried terrnce, of high h'ouses, leading off one of , jtne;. principal, thpro'ughfarea, of . , Springaidej and apprpached odclly. enough, firatv -by; a .' flight of crooked jstepai and- then bya narrow winding path, dwelt Mrs. Pickering, of whom- Captain Cleeth'orpe has so much to say, 'and/whohaa bebh'erst knowii- to thp: Teaders'of this story! p!s Madge Piefreppint. r ? . ,. i? vlhithe three years whioh' have elapsed since we W' caught sight1 bf ^hoi'j she haajmaterially im- - proved in appearance.,1 Jthe rest and ease,7tiie freedom from prof esfiional annoyances and private - worry- , , thor: soft, i bright-,health-gmng 'atmos phere, lhayp had their invariably1 good effect, and iHer Iphoek ja pldmpdri her ey^es^righter, her figure 'niore ,e^e_ct,' ancl .her fpptatep' Aiore. light thaii they have beep-Bince the days of her. childh'op.d.i When . slie.roBoconvaleacentfroui the illness which at tackedf ;her ? oh . heir first arrival- at ? !Spririgsido, iMgpifelt'/thai.a' vast ?'aniount ,bf not merely '.bodUyj' but mental: disorder^ which bad^ ; long been haugiDg: around her,; had passed away. Gone was that fever of expectation, Tgono that' rest less* unsatisfied longuig.'; Ntj' longer had she to dread, the arrival of. bad news, no longer ito await, with;trombling anxiety,. the caprices of! a man, Tvho,;;while'bis ajlectionfor her had do parted, still possei3!icd | the right of disposing of 'her time;and talents to'stiithis own purposo. ; Sp . far;., ^t loast Pfiilipj^yaup. had ? kopt hia word. I r\7liothor by i: design, or accident, most-iprobably .the latter ..(for neither in tho ? telegraph clerk, nor in the , governess, leading a peaceful hum-drum hie , with her little charge, ?would he ever have dreamt of looking for the ?popular actress), ho had noyer crossed her path. Ib the bencScent course of time, tho. early days of ; her married life seemed to havealmoat faded out from ^her . memory* while of the later days she thought no mpre than as reminiscences of an ugly . dream, 'which, from' tune to time, would obtrude , itself upon -her, only to render her, if possible, mora gi- ateful for: tfio peaceful quiet which sLo then enjoyed. ., , . ' Nor: wasMadge's tranquil life clouded by a doubt .as to the wisdom off her conduct in rogaid to Ge rald Hardinge. . Whatever might have been tho . feelings which had animated her during that brief season, when; stung by Philip's scorn, and touched by Gerald's devotion,' she had hesitated ? what course to pursue,- they were quite gone ere the doctor pronounced her to bo conva lescent, and sho.knew herself to bo once more in her right mind. Closely shutting out from mental retrospection any thought of occurrences in which Philip Vane had borne apart, sho yet longed occasionally to linger over the memory of , her final, interview, with Gerald, and oven over the details of that night of agony, when she had renounced all hope of ever being anything to him, perhaps of ever seeing, him again. For by that renunciation she had done her duty, and was sho not now. reaping fcer.reward ? No ; trace of that passion, whioh, as she acknowledged to herself, she had! entertained for him during those agonis ing hours of doubt, now remained ! She could .think of Mnir-ehe did think of him often— with. . womanly tenderness and regard, so puro that the whole world might .have known of it ! Sbo should h'ko to see him,: she should liko to see hia wife— for he must have a wifo by this time, Madge thought— she should . like him to think well of her, as an old friend; to think woll of her, and aa a friend, but nothing more.. It ia the mprning after the arrival of Captain Norman at hia old friend's, quarters, and Mad go is Beated at - hor little table in tho window down upon the flagged terrace- walk, with the green rail ings in front. Before her is her little, old fashioned, brass-bound writing-desk, with tho blotting-book lying open upon' it, and on that again , a little almanac, which sho baa been ;- consulting. : She has somewhat more color in her cheeks than in the days whon we first knew her; but there ia the! same bright, frank, earnest look in the eyes, . and the long brown -hair is as luxuriant as ever. . . 'Just threajears ago,' she said to herself, referring again to the almanac, ' just three years Binco I fled from Wexeter, and was directed pro videntially, as it seems now, to thia place. By that act I seem to have closed and clasped as it were the first book of my life, shutting in with it certain figures, .which bo; far aa I am concerned will, , in all human probability, never appear again. There,; en tombed aVl may fay, for lie ia ?in every sense dead, to me, is my husband, Philip Vane 1 His ghost never haunts my memory, and the only material thing I havo. to remind mo of him iathis.', ', ' ; , , .As Bhe spoke sho tcok up a small leather note-case . from the 'desk and looked at it contemptuously. 'This note case,, .which he must have- left behind him on tomo oc casion, ?. and which.; contains a few cards, with his club adtress upon them, a strip of pa per containing an odd: jumble of alphabetical Jetters, and Bomo. betting memoranda. Why do ? I keep these any longor, I . wonder ? Bettor des- ' troy them and— no !' she said, putting the. papers back into the case, and shutting the case itself into the desk, ' let them remain where they aro ; I havo kept them so long that I may leave them there now, without any fear of their influencing me in favor of their late owner. To that book, too, belongs Gerald Hardinge, io whose dark blue eyes and chesnut hair this photograph— how -vell I recollect the day he gave it mo !— does nothing like justice 1 And for tho matter of that, to that belonga Margaret Pierrepoint, and every troubled incident of her life! What a peaceful career has . Mrs. Pickering's been, and how grateful ought j she to be for it 1' ', . . j She was interrupted by the entrance of the Her- I vant with'a letter. ? I ' From Rose,' she said to herself, as soon as I the girl had. gone. ' It is only two days ago that I I heard from her. 'What can have induced her, I usually so chary of her correspondence,, to writo I again so soon ? There can be nothing wrong with | her I trust.' I Sho opened the letter, and read as follows : 1 Dearese Madqe, — You will be, surprised to E hear from mo again eo quickly, and' will imagine I either that I havo taken seriously to heart tho I scoldings which you have so'frcquently- given rue | for being so bad a correspondent, or that some- ? I thing is the matter. I am glad to say that the latter I is certainly not the case, and I am afraid I cannot I take credit for the former ; but I have a pieco of 1 news for you' -which I cannot resist sending to you 1 at once. This morning, on my way to tlio office, I whom should I meet but Mr. Gerald Bardingo, 1 looking very well, and oh, Madge, so wonderfully 1 handsome! He was very well-dressed tco, had ' I beautiful boots and gloves, and looked -what they * Ihe proptictors of 27ic Leader h&vo; purchnied t'18 exclusive right ol piMcatlon ot .??'Castaway'- '.in tUs Australian coloules. . ' . ; . !. call, quite - 3well. Don't you recollect, in the Bate1 old day8 at Wexeter,, you- used to say;-hatrypu; :gall thought he belonged to s'omo good family ?,' I am -' ' snre you would have thought bo if y outbid 'seen. Biflt him to-day; perhaps he hasbeeMakeuupand .', ?' properly recognised by them ? get1 Ho hardly knew me at first, and would have, ?woi passed by me without Speaking, but I gave Buch. f .' a start. It was very rude, I Know, * butf I could Bpii not help it, -Madge: and he noticed it ' and balf stopped, 'and ^ben I i spoke hex to him by his name. He recollected ' mo at once, thou declared that Ihad- lmost con grown out of knowledge. He Baid that I' always . wit looked so delicate at Wexetor, that, he never ' thought I should havo lived, but that there was difl no harm in telling mo that now, as from, my mo present appearance, there was. no fear of my »isi premature dissolution. Ho was 'very- kind, and ou( asked mo all about myself, what I was doing, .and , . wh where I lived— ia a. nice. way,.don!t ydu-know,; ..cki Madge, without the smallest sign. t of arriere of] pons.6eabout.it? And -ho; laughed 'when T told roc him about the telegraph office, and said he re- tio mcrabered what active fingers I ustd to have in , ' tho 'old days, when ho gavo me' those drawing les£ Mi sons. Ho laughed much, moro when I asked him .-: ' whether ho was|atany London theatre: hecouldnot '?' i understand at firat what I meant. When I told mj him that I meant as a scene-painter, ho positively,, me shouted with delight, although it was in the open' street, and there wore people passing all round.;- . to So then he said ' no,' and laughed- again5 as be Vbu added that be had come into his property; and 'tu: when I said that I hoped that had not made him sh give up painting altogether, ho said, 'he did a; tai little nowoand then, but only for amusement.'.^ v t ., ; have heard since, from oho of' our young ladieaij :?', who is very fond of art, that there were two pio- -nJ turcs in the Exhibition this last season by Mr. be Hardingo, which were very highly thought of. . ' Wasir t it odd, Madge, tuatn'o nover once aBked \ Ci after you, never even mentioned your, name, until i in I told him that Mrs; Bland was taking caTe of 'I i me, and then he asked whero you were ? I'did d- not tell him, Madge, as you had inade me promise . ; never to tell any ono, but said in a general.sort u] of way that you were not living in .London, said, st you had left the thoatrical profession, and he then. . ? asked me if youwere married. I did not know C what to say', Madge, fdr-that was a contingency: ??' we ?had never provided1 for,- and ''Mr.' RaTdinge' a1 looked so hard at me while he sp.okp, that.I.grew h confuted, and stuttered and stammered before a I eventnally said 'yep.' . I hoppl did right, t- ? Madge, but I had' no time for reflection ; .and aa_ .fi I ain only partially in your confidence, not know I ing. jour reasons for representing yourself as ;a{ h 1 widow, I could only act to the best of my ability. '?' j I thought Mr. Hardinge turned rather white when, t i I told him, and then he slightly shrugged hiB 1 I shoulders, and changed the subject. _ ? _.: , : .1 I He was very kind, Madge, very kind, indeed,' t I and all in such a nice way ! He asked me if I i I wore still fond of drawing, and when I told him t I that I had given it up, almost from want of time, I I and that my principal amusement was reading, I he said that he had plenty of books, wh:ch he £ I should bo pleased to lend to mo. ' I will send t I my servant with them,' he said; .'I will 'not -a I come myself, so that neither Mrs. Bland nor Mrs. \ I Grundy shall be scandalised, or, better still/', he f I added, ' there is a dear old lady, who ia a great j, I friend of mine— she is rather-out of health just- j j now, but as soon as she is a little better she shall ?, I call upon you and bring them to you; I' should j S like her to know you, Rose, and I am sure she f I would take a fancy to you.' It was bo odd to ( i hoar him call me Hose, just as he did in the old ( I times when I was a child. j I Write to me, Madge, dear, and tell me what ] i you think of all this. I have just read over what - I I have. written, and find it 'does not at all give yon- , I the notion -which I wished to convey of Mr. -.\ I Hardinge's niconess and kindness, of the total- ] I freedom of his manner from anything liko either ] I patronage or familiarity. Witnont Feeling that, 1 I you may think I did wrong in telling where I I lived, out I am sure that if — that you— there I .; ? cannot explain what I moan, but you will under- , I stand me. — Your loving Rose. , I P.S. Your letter justanived about the offer of I the old Indian general. I hope you. intend to say I 'yes.': : ; ? ?? '.._ ?: ;; ' ';;?;?. ?. '' I ? . '. Poor Rose,' murmured Madge, as she laid I down the letter ; ' yes, you did perfectly right, I dear ; you could not have done better if I had I taken you wholly into my confidence, as you seem I to think I ought to havedone. What shq told I him,' continued Madge, musing,, ', will bo I simply a corroboration of what L had staged in I my letter to him, written, on that 'eventful I night. Turned white did he ? Poor. Gerald, I I cannot understand that. He must- surely have 1 expected it. I have thought of him. as married I often enough ; but I was his first love, I fancy, I and that I suppose makes cu the difference. I Strange that I should hear this nows of him just § now, when I had been so recently thinking of him,' 1 and when another change in my life seems im minent.' ?. Glancing through the letter again she - ex claimed, 'Oh, yes, I perfectly understand what Rose thinks she has failed to express. Who could understand better than I the gentleness of his mauner ? Who could sowell appreciate the real nobility of his character? I have of ten thought were I in trouble or distress, there is no one to whom I would so readily appeal; nowj:l;mean, ?when the Iap3o of time would render impossible any misinterpretation of the nature, of the appli cition. Not married ! He cannot be' married, or Roso would havo stated so plainly in so many ?words. But who can this old lady be/whbis going to call upon Hose, and tako an interest in ? her1! ?????? -' ; : ' '??'??: :, .- ' Well-dressed and happy-looking, and only I practising his art for hia amusenient.l.'.My. old idea, then, the idea upon which Philip Vane used to harp so much, was 'tho right ono; Gerald's appearance in our theatrical circle at Wexeter was purely ' accidental. He was well-born and well-bred, had had some quarrel, with his friends, and actuated by boyish, high-spirited impulse, had run away from them, and was sowing his wild oats in a different fashion to that usually followed by young fellowa of bis |: class. Now he has returned home again, has i| been received by his people, and resutiud his I proper position. Would they,' said Madge, with I a sad smile, ' would they so gladly have welcomed I the return of the prodigal, if he had brought back I with him as his wife a stage player, somowhat | older than himself , whose family and whose an I tecedents were alike unknown 1 I think not. I If_ I had ever for an instant been doubtful of tho H wisdom of the decision which I thea made, the . H no\V3 thus)) brought would have settled it ! Just B| and merciful to us both was that decision ; mer ? ciful more especially to him, though bitterly hard ? to bear at the time, and Gerald, as it would seem . ? from Rose's iunoceut account of his behavior at ? the news, even now scarcely acquiesces in it. ? Come in !' . - ? ? jB These last words were spoken, in answer to a ? knock at the door. . ? ??'; H ? Eater Captain Cloethorpe, carefully dressed, as H befits a man particular about his appearance, fg who is going to call upon a pretty woman, and ra with bin best manner, which is frank without H being careless, and familiar without being im m pertiuent. : ,; H ' Good morning, Mrs. Pickerbig. Don't let me w$ disturb you,' he odds, waving his cane jauntily, M and pointing to the letter which Madge Btill H holds in her hand. H ' You don't disturb me in the least, Captain H Cleethorpe,' replied Madge; 'I have already H read this letter twice through;' ? ; ; ????? M ' The writer ought to bo proud toxomtnand so : l; Captain, Cleethorpe, with, old-fashioned aritry;' '; '?':, ;' }-' ?/ :. ??'' ;'' . '',.'?; .:.'?; ' ;'. -The writer, is an acquaintance of yonrs,.xny ) er.''i .?'?. ';'. ?' .?.;.-. '??:' -.'?' ??? .??::,, ' 'What, pretty Miss Rose: and how is she. ting on among the- dials and discs, and. nil the iderfnl telegraphic apparatus in London V :.':':.' 'Shoiis^very welliiand writes ii5r excellent . rita.',-': .-':,..''.'? . . '. '.'., '(.;-. ,' ' That's right ; buo was far too clever to wasto ? life in a dull provincial town.' '? That's' scarcely complimentary to present (jpany, is it, Captain Cleethorpe V' said Madge ha smile. . ' My' dear. Mrs. Pickering, your duties lay in a Terent ephero, one which, in iny opinion, is re important and more responsible-, than your1 ter's. See how wonderfully , it has all turned »'t;:'* There is no other woman iu' the -world om Mr. Drage would have entrusted' with the : irgo of hia littlo child; there is no other -vvou\an,i my acquaintance, whom I would conscientiously ? ammend to Sir Geoffry Horiot to till the posi-; n about which I spoke to you the other day:' ? ' You are very kind, Captain Cleethorpo,' said idee. ; ' ;?'' ;? ;: ?'' ;' , ' '??.?'?' : :': ??'. . .' /..'V; ''No,' .1 am very frank,' said the captain; ihd, by.the way, I want your definite reply to. r proposaL ??! i ought to write to-night, or to- ? irrow at the latest. '?' ? ' ; 'I am afraid I must ask /you to give mo till morrow ; my own feeling is strongly. to say yes, 1 1 have not yet seen -Mr. Drage since '.'his1, re rn, and I am bo much indebted to Lim thatl ouldLnot think of deciding nppn such an impor^ dt matter without his advice and approval. 'Not yet seen Mr. Drage?', Baid (Jleethorpe ; that's strange, ho\waa at the Bungalow last ght, when we talked tho matter fully out. To i sure,' ho said 'after a minute's consideration, I recollect I was 'the 'only person; who {.poke, and jptain Norman,' a friend of mine, who is stay g with me, joined in the conversation, so that: lid not think the padre -had any opportunity of jfinitely.expresshig his opinion.' r :?? : ' He sent mo a line saying that ho would call pon mo this morning, so that I shall bo sure to sehim;' ' '.'... . : ,-. ?'.And. within the noxt five, ruihute^' fiai-l Jefithprpo, who was . Btnnding by thq ^window, for there he is, crossing tho road, and just bout to mount the steps ; there is no mistaking 18 figure anywhere. I will not intrudn upon you ny longer, Mrs. Pickering, but will call uponyou 3-morrow morning, about this timo, for- your nal decision ; now adieu.', J : ,';?:? ; And Captain Cleathorpe took Mrs. Pickering's arid, bent over ity and disappeared. - From tho window Madge caw the meeting bo ween her late visitor and Mr.; Drago; The latter lad his back towards her, but 'Madgo ' noticed dm make an affirmative motion with hia head as he captain pointed towards her liouse. Then she aoyed away, and shortly afterwards she heard he well known, painfully slow footstep/ and hard lacking cougb, echo on the staircase outside. Then came a knock at tho door, followed mmedialely by Mr, Drage's entrance. ?' A tall bin man,. Air. Drage, with high shoulders ,nd narrow chest. - What littlo hair he tad was light in color, and brushed off his high brehead. His features were clear cut and ?ogular,buthis grey eyes were deep . tunkon.inbii lead, his close Bhavon cheeks weie hollow anil van, and ho endeavored in vain to hide with his ong lean hand the nervous twitching of fait ;liin dry lips. He was dressed in severest clorica loatume, all in black, and in lieu of neckcloth' oi jpllar, wore a clear starched muslin band rounc !iis throat. A fine head his, of the ascetic , intol ;ectual typo, wanting but the tonsure . and th( ;owl to complete its outward resemblance to oni jf those zealot monks, whom Domeniehino lovec to paint. : And assuredly in no monk was ever ti be found a greater combination of selfishness humility, and zeal, than animated tho uickl; Erame of Onesiphorus Drage ! A bright hectic spot rose on either cheek a Madge advanced to greet him. 'I am so glai to see you back again, Mr. Drago,' sho said giving him her hand; 'you have boon away - long time, but your health ia much improved, trust?' , ? .' ; .'.',.? ,. '? ' ..'- _' ?-.'..' .' 'I ambetter, much better,' said Mr. Drage after a pause ; ' bat those steps outside, and tu steep bank, are a littlo trying to me, I hav breath, enough left, however, dear Mrs. Pickoi ing, to thank you for the care yen have taken c Little Bertha during my absence, and the Wor derful improvement you have effected ia htr.' Thoy were seated by this time, she in the chai she had been occupying by the table in the wir dow, be facing her at a little distance: : ' Bertha is an apt pupil, and a yory goo child,' eaid Madgo, with some little cou&trainl; as though the subject just introduced , nqul probably lead to discussion which sho was d- airous of avoiding. ' You arrived tho night b- fore last, Mr. Drage 1' . 'Yea, I fully intended calling on you yestei day, but I waa a little overcome with fatigu after my journey ',_ and, besides, I found aleut from Captain Cleethorpe awaiting me, a lette which affeeted you, and demanded a certai amount of deliberation on my part.' ' Bocka a-head. showing themselves again,. &i; now Ecarcely any chance of steering away fro: them ! ' From Captain Cleethorpe ?' repeated Madg- ?'bh.'yesi' ?? .' ?'' ' ? : ' ?';'.-.- ' ' In it Captain Cleethorpe informed ' me— a dresbing mo, he was pleased to say, and right! aa one who had a particular interest in-your.wt faro— that ho had just submitted to you proposition, which he thought it would, creatly for your advantago to , accept., Y- Follow, nao?' asked Mr. Drage, looking ath earnestly, and nervously pasaing his hand acre hiB brow. . ... '' Oh, yea,' said Madge, ' it is quite cc rect. I heard from Captain Cleethorpe sot days since.' 'Exactly,' said Mr. Drage. 'I did n quit* understand: the details of the propos arrangement from Captain Cleethorpo's lotti and as it was an important matter to me '— t hectic spotp flushed out on his cbetk agai and he had to pause a moment before he cc tinned—' as it was an important matter to me. thought it better to Bee him and talk it out,' \ fore I came to you. Accordingly, I called up him last night. ' Yes,' said Madge, 'bo Captain Cleelhor told me. He was here just now,' ' Exactly. I -mot him outsido. The propo tion, as I understand it. Mrs. Pickeiing, is, tl ' you should go as housekeeper to some friend Cnptsua Cleethorpe'8— a retired officer, who about to settle in this neighborhood V , 'That is bo.' ' And you have promised to let Captain Cl thorpo know your final decision, by to- night' or morrow morning ?!' , ? 'I have;' ' ? ' There was a pause for a few minutes/ and th Mr. Drage said, with hesitating voice and alrai manner : ' ' Itwas very'goo4 of Captaiq Cleethoryie to i my opinion on this question. It has given m littlo time to think, and — not that I know tl , the blow would havo keen less fatal if it had co upon me unawares. See,' ho said, ritiog to feet, but bending over her _as he leaned acrc-ss 1 table at' which she sat — ' See,' he said, speak ia a low tone, but very rapidly, ' if you go fi .me,. I die I' \- Madge' started, and looked up at him in affrig *' You— you must not speak to mo like thdt,'1, s'aid.-:' ? ? '?' ?'? , .'?,;' ' [ ' ' '?'?'? '?'?' ' ?'JAiidwliyiidti' he continued, 'whon wha say to yon is the truth ? Ever since I havo b away I have been' 'pursued with this, one same majo idea, the. hope of mauing you my wife. I have milit striven against it, fought with it, but: in assoc vain. Each Mrnplq letter wiitten »y you, come tolling only of the child's doinga, and pro- City. gress has shown me how ceropletcly you wero Ju titled. to guide her in her future life, to City, cheer: and comfort 'what romaics to me of baur mine. ? On every side 1 find, unsought, testimony legio to your goodness and your sweetness, in the ai- ot t fectionate regard with which all those, with whom migl you are brought into contact openly speak of you. tlio ; Mary, what I have to offer you is but little, life, indeed. My life, I know, is ebbing fast. Oh, roth that does not trouble mo,' he said as the. looked opul up, , and involuntarily made a motion with p.rti; her hi\nd. ' I have looked forward to iny release fo'rti for so Jong, that I do not know if, even with you agai for my companion, I fiheuld be glad of a reprieve. Sun But I do know that the touch of your dear hand and woulduerveme better to bear what must fee borne ;? City the sound of your' dear voice would soothe me in upoi the anguish which ia to be endured ; tho know- jobt ledge that I had loft you as the legitimate pro- criti 'tector of my child would com*fort me wheu no. cha! other human comfort could avail;. This is the onlj only power of appeal I have; may I not mako it boai . to you now ?' ? sani ' No, no '.again I say no I' ', ' higl ' 'Maylask v/ny ?' , off She paused a moment and then said :' You I know nothing of me, nor of- my former life. Be- pre fore I married I was— I was an actress.' con Ho started back and clutched the table' tightly, grii . ' Anactrtssi' ho repeated. 'But you were aer good. and. virtuous, I am sure ; you could not .apj have been otherwise. Is there no oiher reason ?' bro 'Yes,' she said, very, quietlyj 'there is. cht I will tell it you now, for after what you have in said to me, you deserve to know it, though when sea I lay on my d oath -bed, as you and I thought rea when you first, knew me, I would never have thi suffered it to pass my lips. I am no widow, but In a deserted wife. My husband is alivo.' tra CIIAl'TEIl III. — IHBaENERAIi MANAGER. tOO ' Ten. o' plock in the morning, and tho nun ani shining with; all- bin might. Ho has beon 'at Bu ;this game,', as one of the conductors of the. nie innumerable omnibuses slowly travelling across' le^i We'stniinstbr Bridge remarks, looking upwards sit 'and shaking, his. head in a deprecating manner, coi for the last three months;- During that time coi scarcely a drop of rain has fallen, tho days have th ;been blazing and tho nights stifling, and the. th drought, tremendous. From tbe country come of dire rumow of burnt-up crops and dying cattle, th ; while, .in the .poorer neighborhoods of town, th the water, alwayB dealt out, owing totbe admir- In ? able municipal arrangements, with a niggard ce ' Hand, is now so scarce that parochial doctors are fo ? beginning to shake their heads in alarm, and se ! letters, advocating inquiry and sanitary reform, nc -. are cropping up in. the various newspapers. nc \- There is no mistake at all about the intensity m ^ ofthehtat. You can tell it from the smell of th the river, now by the various passing steam-boats o-V. [ churned into a tide of feculent mud, now lazily m: [ obbing, now as lazily flowing, but always filthy, ou i loathsome, and pestiferous. Yo.u would have sic i seen signB of its power had you been present, as i eight hours ago. amongst the senators, in the nc I, feeble tones and languid manner of the jaded ot i statesman, weary of his speeches and of himself, Vj I. and. in the dull, despairing apathy of the few i : members left to listen to him. You can trace its &- 3 effects in tho extra sodden and pallid faces of the in 1 clerKs lining the knife-boards of the City-bound V p omnibuses, men whoso ordinarily dull and dreary, in 1 livea, spent in low-ceilinged, gas-lit offices, have b; r this year been rendered more than ordinaiily vi 3 horrible by the interne heat within, and the h 3 knowledge of the perpetual sunshine without, and g- 1 'who are almost goaded to desperation at the '' 3 thought that the fine weather might break u s- , uddonly, before their annual. fortnight's holidav o; f was obtainable. . . h Heat, tremendous heat, everywhere ! The s narrow- chested, long-ribbed horses in tho. cabs n i and omnibuses, carry even less flesh than usual, c- , and under the heavy loads which they have to a a drag, suffer so much no. even to excite the pity of c I theirdriTers, who, in their turn, have relinquished v, their normal clothing, and even in straw hats and t- I, shirt-sleeves are too much influenced- by tho ti e weather to beat their cattle or. swear at their a e comrades. Heedless of the minatory glances of a :? the policeman on duty, heedless even otthecrisp: v if mandates by which these glances are occasionally i- followed, the itinerant vandora of fruit and' cheap \ . effervescent drinks stop their barrows by the sido a x of the footway, and speedily are surrounded by 1 i- clamorous customers. One oi these, pushing hia v long tray before him, and with hia head turned 1 d over his shoulder, not looking whero he went, r I, Btrolled quietly across the; road, taking no notice i d of the approach of an aristocratic brougham i \-- which was bearing down upon him. Tho fruit in f )? the tray was West Indian pineapple, out into t lusciouB, sticky Blicea, and over them hung a i r- painted canvas banner, representing several West fi le Indiana, very black and. very ehiny, gathering aud i jr gating tho fruit iu great enjoyment. The whole ] jr. thing was common and vulgar, and cheap aud i in~ low, and as the horse' in the brougham was an 1 ! aristocratic horse, he shied at it ; and as tho j id coachman was a fat, well-paid vailut, aping the i m manners of his superiors, he swore at it, and there I was a general row, ending as usual in mob and j 3 : ' . policeman. ' ? ' ' The latter had already assumed an appearance '. d- of portentous judicial wisdom, a condition to 1 y, which his wooden cast of countenanco helped him i jl- not a little, and had produced his note-bopk, when ' ii a voice from within the b:ougbani told him to go be to the devil, and 'bado the coachman drive on. ou At this uDCxpcctod;iuterference with his dignity, or the policeman, highly incensed, pocketed hie note- . ? iss book, and leaving the horse's head, walked round to the brougham door with the intention of if' rem on titrating ;. but after glancing through the ne window, he merely smiled a Btolid smile, touched his helmet with his Btiff. forefinger, and motion ot iDg to the coachman, stood watching the carriage ed as it rolled easily away. 3r, What tbe policeman saw when he looked in at ho tho carriage window was tho figure of a tall, hand n, some man, with bright black eyes and sound in- pearly teeth, which gleamed aa he smiled in , I recognition of the official's salute, an aquiline nose, )o- and a close-out black beard. His appearance on generally was magnificent j his dark hair, the ends of which were just beginning to be touched with po groy* was surmounted by a very glossy curly brimmed hat. He wore a white waistcoat, with si- a massive gold chain acrots it. at ? no cud of iat which swung various golden charms; an open of shirt-front, with plain gold btuds, and a flaming is red necktie, a blue frock coat, with a velvet collar, and light trousers, Ho had varnUhed boots on h's feet, and lavender kid gloves ou his eo- hands, and was unoking a cigar, a triflo under to- balf a foot iu. length. He was altogether gor geous,' and his name was Philip Vane, Whence this transfiguration ? In former days en Philip Vane, even doing the best for himself, us lge he 'was always in the habit of doiug, without caring who might suffer, was loan and hungry isk looking. Strive as he might to dteguiso it, there e a had always been a certain lookof eagerness and anx !iat iety about his oyes ; now ho was stout, radiant, me joyous. Gone, too, was every trace of the turt bis and its associa ions ; gone ,were the sporting cut Iho of the coat, tho tight troupers, tho spotted necktie, ing tho horse shoe pin. The air of nonchalant langsr om was replaced, by a- brisk, sharp manner, soroe fcimea genial, sometimes determined, but always ;ht. businesslike/ Things of tho past were the atten she dance at Tattereall's, the consultation of sporting J ^oraelea, .tbo league with jockeya, touts, and tip t I eters ; scarcely more than a reminiscence now -was eon tho apartment for 'club gentlemen;' aud the 1 ' ? ' ? ' i r— no longer1 major— in diHcarding his OTyprefiXj had dropped with it nearly all the ijations or his former life. How bad this i about? Philip Vane bad 'gone into the st about that time many men went into the , who had never previously crossed the; idary of Temp^la Bar. Scores of thorn,, ns of them ;; princes of the blood, and peers' ho realm ; dignitaries of the church, and ?-ty men of valor, holding high positions in irmy and navy ; young men just beginning and old men from 'whom lifo had almost, ed ; struggling government clerks. ' and ont tradesmen ; artists with the pencil, and i'b with tho pen, seeking lor a short cut to liie, if not tofamo ; clergymen, who inveighed nst the sin of greed from their pulpits on the d»y, and ba»gu;d with shares during the week ;' petty shop-keepers : all theso wobt into1 the' , most of theni in person, swarming, down a the stronghold of the brokers, and the -era, and Uie agents on 'Change ; questioning,; icisjug, pleading, begging, buying, bargining, (Teriog ; some keeping 'aloof themselves,1 and r lending their noble names as directors' of rds of management, but all with one and tho e idea, the immediato sale of theso shares at !£' premiums, and hence tho speedy fabrication ortune. ? . ? r )aily and nightly, for the nights were far too cious to be wasted, did thoso on whom the coction of theso various schemes' devolved,, ad. and slave, and labor, in giving to their ial fabrics a semblance of stability, and an -earance of reality; Theso gentry wero a new od, a species never bsfdrp seen, oven on the squored surface of City lifo. Formerly; oven the wildest days of speculative madness, rcely a scheme had been broached, with any sonable hope of support, which had not isome ng, however small, of a basis and a foundation, thoso dayg, no matter what the- nature of the nsaction, men going in for City speculation ik shares iu a company, and held or sold thorn, d wero rich or ruined, as tho caso might bo. it in these latter days there feprang into existence m whomado their money by Bimply working the rer by which tho various companies wore irted, or ' floated ' them, to use tho roort rrect terini and who, of necessity, bftd no othei nnoxion with the concern (save, indeed, wher ey know its value,' and chose to hold by it) that e certain number of shares paid to them as par! their hire monoy, which they disposed of ai e firBt convenient opportunity. 'Promoters' oy were called, and tho profession being, £ crative one, and requiring neither capital rioi rtificates of character, soon . found manj How era. Men who bad beon, as they -them lvqs described it, '*' knocking about . doinj itbing ;' men whs had been doing worse thai ?thing; the morally halt,' maimed, and blind en who, baling been long - since- given .ovorb; eir friends, had been morally dead for. years l these fcuddenly reappeared, holding com Lssiona in tbe groat promoting army. Some fel it of the ranks at -m-'-e, and died by the way ie— the pace was too 6°°d f°r them'; othon immediately struggled into brevet rank, am ild their own, and more than thoir bwn ber people's. Of this last number waa Phili] me. Sharp, shrewd, and unscrupulous, ready-witte id prompt to act, with a good addroBs, apleai ig presence, and fascinatiug munners, Phili aijo was' just the man for a 'promoter,' an i that capacity his services were in requioitio y half a dozqn differqnt persons who knew h; ilue, at the outbroak of the mania. Experienci owever; soon taught him -that in such matte: sniua diffused is wasted, and bo Bpeedi etermined to concentrate his onergies on sue jhemes only as wero submitted to him by tl ae man alone in whoso worldly sagacity 1 ad implicit belief. That man was Mr. Delabol In long-heodedness and foresight, in what ow called 'financing,' Mr. Delabole had fo qnalfl, and no snporior. Philip Vane was bright nd smarter, better educated, and inoro ca ulated to inspire confidence among the youn 'ho now-a-dayci are by no means the moat rea- » confide, and potsesaing those very qualific ions, the absence of which had always militaU gainst Mr. Dolabole'a social success, a dece ppeai-ance, and the manner of a man of tl rorld. p . ' ?-.?.-,: Mr. Delabole had, however, that whiob Phil Fanehad never possescod, the command of mone nd a reputation, not merely for wealth, but f uck in speculating, which served hi« purpo ronderfully at that particular crisis. Moreove io was ButBciently acquainted- with commerci uatters, and suffioiontly mixed up with tbeCi vorld, to be able to float any affair which 7 nigbt undertake, with the aid of a few chos rienda, and without having to invoke the assii ince of any of the outside world, who would aft- varda have a claim to paTticipato in the plundf [hero was Parkinson, of Thavislnn. whose do- ambs bore tho inscription. ' Walters a: Parkinson, fiolicitora,' but who was tho or nember of th« firm, and whoae real buBinesB w aill-discounting for clerics of good position jovernment ofh'ceB. for men at the bar, to wh( success had come late in life, and who were ] Snaucially hampered bv tho indiBcretiona ort necessities of their youth, and for other men, w were undeniably responsible. No one ever bi Parkinson's name in a legal cane, but ho ma believe to be an attorney very hard indeed, a denied tho di&conntathip; as mudi as poeeib The desk, ia the drawers and pigcon-holca which were locked nway. tho acceptances a promissory notes, had a few dummy rolls paper, duly docketed and red- taped, watte! over its top, and when an intending borrow called on Mr. Parkinson, he would find tl worthy inspecting one of his dummies throe his doublo eye.- glass, and apparently qu aatoniehed at the proposition made to him. li had thought,' ho would remark in all simplici ' that his visitor had looked in to commit him Eome point of law, was about to introst I with some little conveyancing matter, such that,' lightly touching tho dummy with glasses, 'which ho just had in hand. Mono he was not a money lender. That must bo clea understood.' And when tho visitor, frightei at hiB virtuous aspect, was about to withdn Mr. Parkinson had to soften a Jittle, and adi that ho had been occasionally in tho habit obliging his friends— his friends only, mind— i that he had a faw hundreds lying at his ba and that, in point of fact, bis friond could obliged at the rate of about forty per cent, tall, thin, fair-haired man Parkiuson, with bio whiskers and light blue eyes, of a benevolent preEsion, like a weak-minded fox; held thraldom by a stout, over-drewied wife ? choj .warden of. hia parish, and firmly believed his vicar to be one of the most conscientious kindest-hearted of men. Of this clique, too, was Mr. Naeeby, a dr up. withered old gentleman, alwayB ^-earirj tall hat, a tall, crosB-bamd, clear starched mu cravat, with sharp-pointed collars emerging th from, a tightly- buttoned frock-coat, shephe plaid trousers, and patent boots \ a little n with a worn-out air, who looked like an old ] of the roilm, bnt was a tradesman in Bond-uti There wav nothing of the comic author's or art notion of the tradesman about Air. Naseby ; conversation never showed the slightest soltci hia manner never botrajed the, fain test troc bad breeding ; he lived in charming cbamt and had a perfect country boose, belonged tradosmen's club, where the cooking was be and the play higher than at any other sin establiahment in London, and was &-;bc Sybarite aad a keener mau of business tlian i of the cuBtomera whose i 'ariBtccratic names. we^e;'i-J - entered on bis ledger. Mr.; 'B()ickoff^ii PolUhV „ v Jevr; arid an old companion rof Mr. : pelabbjo'^i ' ' who had been bankrupt twice arid Vranap^ir.tfd';; once, ajid'h.^'''8ii^eciUm%;'inade''a'nVenor'm((u'&'°'-''] fortune, w a contractor' during the ATaerican'!'! war, Mr. Poss, a tobacco manufacturer in White--; ' chapel, and little Mr. van Moyfiey^ the diamond '^ ' .merchant of Amsterdam, assisted ih'fonrimg the '; 'set.- .-. . ? ? .. '? ??;' '.?'.???? ' '.'-..;?'','. ' Moneyed men these, ready with their thouianda .-. when .necessary, with implicit confidence in ,.- Dolabolo's generahship/ and begottinz ia vast,' ' amount of confidence in any schomo with which;; .. ' their names were otsociated, airioiVgst; a certain, ', '» ??????' .-':.?'? claaa of wealthy speoulativo Vpe(ii-lp.' lfdr i'iHoj'.'.'''' ceneral public, however, a certain dris'tpcrat^o '.,'.'*' ' 'flavoring waa necessary, and Mr; Deliibold took .,. care that it Bhonld bo forthcoming. ,, . ,. .1 ; , ,^ . ' So at tho beck and call, to bp used as chairniap.'J or vice-chairman, or to take up humbler positions -,/? among the directors, according to the amount -otj^ ' strength 'arid ' apparent stability with which ib,;v Was necessary , to endow the . Bchomd about .to bq ;' launched, were members of both Houses ' of the ? legislature, baionetB and brothers of peers .with- ' handles to their names, letired generals and . - admirals who bad Been service, and made money ; . ib every quarter of the globp, and a host of minor ,Vt dignitariee. each one of whom had some speciality , j rendering him worthy of hia hiro. For hire they ,, all received, whether it wero in the shapo of. , salaries and emoluments, of gratuitous shares [ allotted early, and readily converted into gold, of ?'?',., . ? attendance fees and per diem allowances, or of : ' hard cash unblushingly paid down, and las un- , i blushirigly received. In that year the Earl of ; Ballabropby received more from Mr. Delabole and 'similar' agencies, for the use of his right ,; honorable name, than had been paid to him by '\ hiiilong-Buffering land-Bteward ior the previous 'f : dec4de; Sir Oonnock. 'Chase, a Stafipwshho. ., .baronet, who had mortgaged his ancestral, hall to u the prapriotora of the oollieries subsequently 1 found on his estate, and who, aa a great favor, ,, . was allowed by Lis creditors to have the light or \, \ shooting over hia own manor, raado ir- salaries,. ? premiums, &c; ''n; Buflicierir sum to help him'. to ' Baden, whoroho had a tfonderfulrun of luck ; J while tho Honornble Pounce DosBotor, for whom' ' '. Lord Qlenthresher had obtained a clerkship in,'-'' '. the Audit Ofllco during the short spurt while hia !? l. party woro in power, iuve&ted; the funds which he - '. obtained for tho loan of his ' horiorableBhii) ' in! , \ aoab arid tiger, smart clothea'and an ppera-st?iU,'i' . andby thetse means' won the hand and fdrtunb of J y Misa Swank, thoWesti India heiress. ; '''[' : ,'?, r ; By the aid of. this m61augo of Jews and Gentiles, ;^{ '.-. patricians and proletarians, plutocrats and penni- ;,j ' ? lesa peers, , with aiways the . clear intellect of Mr. ,' . *: Delabolo as. its gaide,; and the: shrewdness andV i .; tact. and'., wordly knowledge of Philip : Vane, .,? ' acting; as tie clamping iron which hold it. to-/.} I ijether, some 6f the most extraord in ary, eyon of. t- ; : the Bcueinea which at that tirao, were Bubiuitted^.'i j to the public, made their successful appearance.* !t City men will ronember the, Trust, and ; .'.Loaa';'^ ^ Company piFuttyghur, empowered to act under ^ j a special concession from the i Nowab, Nizam ,o£,t - the dibtrict;. the Hammersmith Havonnah and,., \- Turnham Green Trabucos Aesociat ion, for, the . v. cultivation of the choicest growths of tobacco in ;/ — a the immediate vicinity of London ; the PrimroEe i i 3\. Hill People's Palace and Park, or Miniature Mont ?, , D Blanc Company, which prop.'sed to cover the \ J Camden Town mounta'in with perpetual snow by n aidofa freezing apparatus, to fit up with minia* ' ???? j8 ture chalets, Gionds Mulots, rifts andorevasses,, . . and for the pay merit of a abilling to give a visitor ' .: t^ an opportunity of going through tbe whole of* Vj |y the Swiss excitement within the .space of half '? ,c an hour, with tho option of being killed at tbo : ie 'end-' ? ; ' :'? ' .?? ? -'.';t ]e These were eome of the lighter achievomonts of; i .' e- the Delabole set, but there wero others of far..'t , jfl greater woi^ht and importance ; banking comi; ?; w panics and insurance officoo, projects in which ;f or philanthropy and the realisation of largo percenti r;: j,. ages were to run hand in hand by the formation;/ „ of docks and harbors of refuge in-'ontlying' n portions, of tho coast ; propositions for the de- ' aV -velopment of new mines, or for the working of . '?- 3(j others, which, while still undeniably fortile,: had n nj.' been abandoned for the- want of the : necessary ? [je oapitel ; a service of Bubmnrico trara waya, and of ? mid-air balloons ; improvements in gas, and the: ' jp .substitution of a new illuminating power. All.: * these wero. taken in hand and bore fruit in their k: Jy season. At the time, however, that we again take Be up our acquaintance with, Mr. Philip Vane, . )r though several of theso schemes were on ]iand,v.- f lf£ there waa one whioh cngTOBsed the greater part - l? of his attention, and to which all others were ? - JB subordinate, tho 'JCerra del FuegoB Silver Mining. ?' ^ Company. . i;.., at- To tho Terra del FuegOB undertaking Mr. ; jr. Delabole bad brought his best names, and his ' jr, most wealthy colleagues. It was not a new affair l 3r. just ' prospected,' and thruat upon the market, nd with the view of getting rid of the Bbarca ; some ' »jy years previonaly it had been an undertnking in ' aa high repute- amongst the mining brokers and buch in of thoir clients as did not mind a somewhat : . ' Jm hazardous speculation, provided they obtained ; ?et a ' high premium. The opinion of the he mining engineers was that as a Bjitcu- ? ? ?ho lation, the Terra del Fuegos were -le-;r ' aw cidedly hazardous ; tho eoil in which they wero ::; tdo Bituated being, on the whole, of a loose and shifty ''? * nd nature, bad to work, and liable to fall in, and ': ije. there being undoubted evidence of the presonco of of water springs in the immedaite neighborhood, v md' What had been prophesied at last occurred ; there '??'.; of was a sad accident, the earth fell in upon the-' red men, the works were suspended and finally '? ver Btopped. An attempt was made to ro-opon them, ' [,at but the experimentalists wore people without - igb. either knowledge or capital, and it failed. Since - lit© theo, and until .within tho previous. twolve: ; He raontha, tho mine had been closed. ' Then tho ity, sohemo was submitted to Mr. Delabole- who went ? oa through it cautiously, and finally gave his opinion . v lira as to its practicability. One of tbe cleverest - aa mining engineers in England was sent out, ro- - hia porteil favorably, and superintended tbe sinking , iy ? of another shaft, where two or three very pro- V* - ? j-ly dnctivelodeB were discovered. Tbe success thus' ied begun continued ; lodps after lodes ruaning^'1 iw, parallel, and easily to bq got at, were discovered, ' ci mit and tbo abares wero at a nigh premium. When -i* of appealed to about them, Mr. Delabolo always' md resomHiended them as the beat and safest of all ' nk, the investments with which he had to do ; but ; [be the mining engineer, after bin return from his' A tsecorid viBit, twelve months after the re- opening ode of the mine, quietly went into the market and : - ex- cold his bharea. ? in To the offices of the Terra del Fuegos, situate ' rch- in the City, Philip Vano is now hastening, after, '? by bis elaborato little breakfast in his West End' and home. He bus gotten over tho annoyance caiited by the row with the itinerant fruiterer, and is ied- leaning back in his brougham, placidly smoking - ig a his cigar. The chiming of the quarter past tea alia by Big'Bon Buggesta to Philip V»ne the consnlta- . ' ere- tion of his ?watch ; finding it correct, he is sliding ? ' rd's it. back into his pocket, ?when, conspicuous by ita ?- »an, new gold amongst the maay dainty trifles pendent peer from Tub chain, he notices a locket which has ???' «et. been attached there recently. Philip Vane smiles , ' . ist'a ia a plepantly conscious manner as thia trophy his meets his eyo, and shakes his bead, and would ism, biuBh if ho had recollected how. Finally ho -eof opens the lockoi, which has two crcBc-ed horse- ' icra,' aqoes, one in diamonds the other in turquoise, on l to a 'pne.oide of it, an. illegiblo monogram on the' -J ttter- other, and smiles again^ as he looks at its con-' lilar tents. It is the portrait of a woman, past- tho' ^ ? iftrr first bloom, of bar youth, but emiiientlyhandEOMo,' , any with large, black eyea aud aquiline profile, full Ben8U0U8-lipB;~and.Tpas6pstsfcJ[lacky7hair,?,'taaped:.' up iufo an eccentric coil pn her ^iead. ... .,-, Philip. Vane contemplated, tliia' ' portrait ;. for Bomelittle Ume, and ^uenhe.Bn^p'petrth'o lockot to, ho took from hia breaatpocket a JJuaaia, leather., note- case, containing a iew letters,', and aolecting ' one from amongst them, replaced the others, and , opened thia..care£|illy.; «-halj been opened before, apparently .wituacerlain:amount of care j! the paper round the Beal had beeu cut , away,, and tho seal itself waa intact. It bore a creafcdn a widow'a lozenge, with the motto, Quo Fata,; ducun't, Philip Vane looked' at . this Beapbpforb he took out tho contents' of th'o'envelojpo, h'eld'it up, ao that .tho light mighit, fall upon, it, aml.px- . amined it' critically.' ' I never ./loticed her seal, before,' ho said to himself. 'Quo Fata ducunt — whither the FateB lead. ,1 mippose tbat'aher, motto ]? at all events, it's Vy no, Kusans'a bad. one,, and quite suitable to;ine. ' Itnayaa well adopt, it with the rest of her belongi^ga/' ' '''. ? ' . ' !; Thon he took outthe; lettor, and read it -care-/ fally through. ' It was a long letter; .coverfflg ' eeveral aheeta of thick paper/ ' and written 'in a woman's hand. ::,:.. i Its.pcruBal seemed quite satisfactory to PhiUp; Vane. ' ?'?'??- ?? ??,? :????'-'?:??-?-.?? ''?',';','.',,,? ' I don't think I could:d6 better,' hor muttered to himself ?:' I have been tempted often before, , . but-havo deferred and deforrea^' waiting 'for ;th'o' teriiatrokd to come b£F,thb one' big thing to turn ' . up lf' I don't think 'I .heed wait.any'longert I may' go on' dipping 'and dipping, $nd 'never , nave', a chance of 'finding such another '''jji'rize^iri.' the; lucky bog. Sixty thoua^ndipurida^ a very h'an'd Bomo ? woman-,1 ! Who adores me'!' I ''don't' '/think; I could improve^npon'thaf^Qao'Fatad'u'cUiat,' oh;? and. the); havej'led' me into; rather a ,.nea1r « thing jriafc,ribw,, I fancy.' ''.'' , :.'i;'; ''. .'- ?;'«\\.(:- He waa' roused froni his1 train of thought' ly hia ; brougham stopping mVfrbnt- offtho Terra, dol Fuegoa offices. ' ' Tne ' porter bustled but to open, tho carriage door/and said to 'Philip Tanb, &**» tone which a combination of asthma and'reapec^ rendered eminently hnaky:; '.. '?':' ' . X ' Mr. Delabole. Bir, haa, boon; asking for the. general manager.' ' '.'. ''.?'' '' *J . ' ;:'''' '', CHAPTER IV. -^-THB DUSINBSS.OF THE BOAIipi ' ..]' The officee of the Terra.' del Huegos fining Company, werp .situated at Ihe.corrier of ,a court, ' wherein Verb located tho . pnsiness premisea of many of those wbalth'y old pif-y firms,, deacribed. with Buoh unction by,'t|ip ne.wapappr reporter .as... 'our mercharitprincea.'. 'It;'waa probably in de ference $o,tbe tattb of thoj;bunger,Bcjons,pf these eminent firms,' that the court had alwaya a f ring?, or eolvagbjof a sporting character,; greasy, variola, hung about ita portals, jiibbing^their shoulders; against tho ;walla, and holding in their grabby: hands atfiriga or chains, at the 'other extre.mi.tieB' of whiuh were various -kinds ;of ;dogs,' from tho' Burly Eugliah' hull'.- with his flattened noseand hiB' curling under:hung lip, to' the polite French, poodle, all pink, andanoru, and burled; and 'ftp.-V parently quite ready for the dance. 7 The ta«tp of ; tho aider denizens of the court ? was frobauly. con-, Bulted by tho Vpadora of tho loquacious grpy'!par rota and closoly conferring Joye-birds,' who also, hung about the tteighbdfhood';- while fhe'gbrgeous piotures of I, sunseta arid moonlights/ And SwiBa mountain and British aba,' in all of which the quantity and quality of thb;color:wero;so'very . mU3h out ,of: proportion to tbp'fcize of'ihb.'.can-. van, were publibly displajed for the1 entrapment, of old ladies and gentlemen' who,, had , been drawing their dividends 'at ihe'Banki or country cousins brought to stare at the'Hoyal Exchatfgef.,.', It was part of Mr: Delabole's ' plan that the offices' of the Terra del Puegoa Com pany should bo in this particular' position, situr ated in thevory midst of the wealth and power of . tho city ; but it was oqually part'bf his plan that in themselTes they: should bo plain, and simple, and by no means loud; glarib^.br now. Tho' name of tho company wns inscribed on tho wire.' blind in tho lowor room, in Bmall tasteful- letters,1 the Brass plaiea on the dbor-jambs werb Bimplb' and unpretending : the hull-porter was dressed in cober brown, a little relieved by red : piping^ and tho messengers looked : like well-tb-do' waitera.-.--'-'--.;i ?..?? ;'. '. . . ;.???. \ ?' ????^a::.^\ ' Wo don't want any fuss or flurry,'' said Mr. : Delabole, 'Speaking on this point, ' we don't beat'' drums or blow trampdts, like mountebanks vend-', ing their nostrums in the market-place; we don't ? combine life insurance withloanay' like1 the' , Friendly Grasps opposite,-' or' tout for banking: . business like tho Dofomd Depositors,' a littlo lower down.' Wo. area mining, company^ and hot' all the brass plates; or polished furniture in the world would inorease by one the yield of bitavas; or .thft valuo of tho lodei ? No., the quieter we' keep in that way the hotter!' Thus:Mf/ Delabole to his brother directors,' adding : -fThe real publicity which : we -want is' to be gained' by adi vertising/ by 'squaring' newspaper prop'rietbra 'arid * eity correspondents, and fellows who go about and talk and' earwjg.people. Pitt aside a.certain sum for them, and go it 1' And they went it accord-t ingly. , , ??? , : ??? .'?? ; ? ?'? ????'??' ??'?? ;'?'-'' ' ? After dismisaing hiB brougham; Philip Vane^ ' preceded :by tho porter, whoioponad thodoors -for him, passed through the outer public offices, where a dozen clerks, some old, some- young, 'but all of most respectable appearance, were bending ? over their: desks, aud entered - an inner room, the glaashalf of tho doorof which bore the word '- pri vate.' A large comfortablo room, lit by askylight,. the big square writing-table covered wichdocu ments, tape-tied/ docketed, antl neatly ananged; with Boveral . easy- chairs about, and a high stand ing desk in one corner.- One of tho walls was covered by a frame of maps, and over tho mantel piece hung a largo and admirably executed photo graph of the central shaft of the Terra del Fuegos mine, with smaller oho3 representing other^ppri tions' of tho works, natives in their mining dresses, the English ongineers standing in a. row, looking fpreternaturally grim and solemn, . and very.: bulgy about the boots'' and hands,, &c.; In the cornorof tho room :Btooda large square' glass case, containing varioua speci mens or the ore, each duly labelled, and standing opposite to thia glaas caso, and -apparently deeply interested in the examination of its contents, Philip Vano found Mr. Delabole; That gentleman turned at the sound of the opening aoor and nodded to his i friend. 'You here already 1' aaid Phillip Vane; 'thero must bo something particulary attractive in the worm lino hoieabou'B, to bring such a bird' from his neat bo early.' ??''? : ; . - -? ? '? 'No,' said Mr. Delabole, 'my early birdinesa is rather due to tho fact that I was feverish, and: could not rest.' ? ? ? 'Too much claret last night 1' aaked Vane.' ''No,1' said Mr. Delabole, 'I think not, though J took a good deal of it,. knowing the tap as I have done for many years. 1 rather imagine that this : confounded hot weather is knocking me up: I must run away somewhere and got change. of air.'* 'Not yet/' aaid Philip Vane, sharply, looking ' steadily at him. ' You must not go yet.'.: ' . '. iiust not V said Mr. DelabcJe, raising his eyebrows. ? ? . ; . . ' Must not,' repeated Vane. ' There are, aa you know, two or three affairs connected* with, this place now in the balance, and until thsy are settled you must not go.' ? . .' ? ? 'What a man of business ho has become,' murmured Mr. Delabole, Ionising at hia .com panion admiringly through his half-shut eyes. ' *' What energy, what induatry, what determina tion; and all for hia friends too. No thought of himself in any one: ©f hhi proceedings. ' Then louder: 'You are perfectly right, my good fellow, I should not dream of leaving London until these, matters were Bettled.' . , . ;?.-..??. '. Have.joii token any further etops as regards ' Irvinai' :-., i,,-.-.--.- -. y- ;.:;:^i^\ ??:'\:'^i.\ .---, J'Jflydearie]Uow,Iajnalw»yBtakiDg8tepaaaie T!8Td8xsyeTybody:!''rhatia the^ne,- andonly one de-' foctjmydear Philip, in you. TJttprly unaccustomed 'tbbusin)SS3durir)g:theearly:dayB, of yoiir life, y_ou fhavp noV. takpn'jto' it'iwith.an energy j arid, relish ' marlvbllous': to , bohold '; .? but ; your, ideas, on ; one, . point area littlb' auliqualed. You don't under-1 , Btand progress, bping, made except in tbo. regular, routihe;\yp'u transact your Ibuainesa with ledgers 'and day-books, arid^leaden; inlistands,, and Jong, quili-penB, and^yery respectable,. but confpundedjy:. dull people ' f or ybb'i clerks, ' , Now I. ,db . my busi ness in evening drcfia, ' at tlie Opera,, in society, oyeri a filet, a glaas. of claret; '.a woman's !fan ! And yet I will back myself (o inake inore way and getimore influence aft,er|my fiwhion than you af^er ypurs.' V,. .-,..' . ?:?'.)'*; '? -?,?.. ' ,, ' . ? ? ? i ' . ;, ; ',' Very.'iikety/'^Baid Philip Vane, grimly, 'I, , am ; Bprry my .way of doing busjoeBs does not pleaso7p'u ;' but it boa bp, altered of courto. : We need. not i koop..anyi accbunla at,all; or such aa we, aro compelled, , to , have, ;cdn . be Tcept by comto clerks, , chii'piug niuaic-hall, di'ttiea over little accoiinit-bobkH, gilt- edged; and bound in Russia leather,. Would that Buityp'u ?'. . ,; . 'No,' said Mr.. Delabple, quietly, 'it would , not, nor does it ever suit inotp bp sneered at by— ' any, one '{ . . Let ua drop the 'subject.' . i , , . , , ? ! ; .Philip, ' Vane saw that his companion wa3 an :noyed., .Thorewas scarcely,, another, man.in the, vworid wh.6m^'promp^ed, j'bj.iiB '.W^'SLffl^! %? insolence,' Tie wb'iild'navb hesitated to auront,,but ?he could not, afford, to ;ciuarfe^with^Irr Delabpie,; atid h.eknew;'^, so'.hechangGcl' his, tone and n-anr . nbrinan inslant. V,'.' ...' ,,'.'.' ','?';.? '.?:.,-..-. -v,.-..-,. ! ':I fancy' that,. the hot weather has jhad.some-; thing'fo do 'with 'airoiir tempera,,1' he said, with ?-Aihalf laugh;' . '/.I, know, thai I am unstrung and , ?irritoblp to, a degteb, soil -weHt , for a long nde, irb^ijd the suburbs. last. night, to try '.if I could get. epnieireahnesBintO'ino.,', ';, ? ??-:??? ;? ;? i 'You Vere atone']1' asked Mr. Delabolo, look-: ing at Jtiui steadily. '?',,,. ''. . ? .; .? :. '.;.??..? ?.-.. 'Quito albnp.''. . . . . ?. ?, ????....' -.-? 'I am , glad of it,' said Mr. Dolabole. . 'It 'would hot, dp to be/playing any, praiiks. just !now. ' I expected to find you on duty in Harley street.1', '.-' , , .'. .:.? '. :?'.,.?; -; ? ? i1- ?;?,;?- ? 'No,. I was aaked, but on, the whole I thought -it bettor noi tp go. It is a little top sopn.tp.am chor the affair ao publicly. Don't you agree, with, ?me?','. ;.?. .1 V , : .,-,...? ' ; ;?,..,?:-.' ?...,'.?.-, 1 'Are you perfectly certain or , your position f , ' ^Perfectly.', ? .. , ...,'.;,;..' „.-:? «J :?..?,'??;?'„-??? ' , ' You prpposod yesterday,.a8,youi intended?; ? 'Idid.'; ;, (.;... .?.?i.-,f!jjV-i:-'Jii;i:.;^.:-: ?!?..?'.?';*: ! ''.Aid. ahe, accepted ypu?'v ,-ia-u!i .???'?i ' i-nij \- |'Sho,aid.V!v. '.i-;:,.,'J-;v-.^./M--J:.v»v-!.'rl ;.--ti; ?-?; ,' ' ' Any tangible jproofB,?' !*./.« .i-oVu.-: m-r, ?'.?-? '? ;'This,' laid. -Philip,, Vano,, uncpupling.-,the Iookqt . from his chain, .and placing it,v in .his. ifriond'a hand, '' thia,. which ahe,gaYp,;nie yester- ''day/V . '?„' ; .'-,:? .-,..? ?? ',,r t ?!.;;?, ?:,: ..-..?: \- !.?,' That's not much/' Baid Mr.. Delabole, uncpn sijiouBly,, and from .mere force of habit, :.;weighing tho, trinket in hie hand, f Nothing else?'., , ?' j ''.ThjsjV said Philip- Vane, taking his'noto-, caso from' his breastpocket,: and: holding up the. letter which he had oee.u redding; in .his. broughr; hani ; ' this which ^hol wrote rnoTast night.' ; . . ' ' 'Ah !' eaid Mr, Dalahole, drawiug hia breath,; 'that looks better. Dpes.Bhb commit. herself ?' 'Unquestionably.' '.', ??,. '': .,'..? .,-.?.. .-?,'. ; 'That will do,?' i.Baid Mr.; Delabolo, ,;f/.I con- . gratulate you. It is your mod?aty, I suppote, that, prevented you din ing .there last night,' lie added,, wKha.grin; . . . „ i ? .'.;.....:,,: ??? '..?;. 1 I'.'tiWhat sorap people. call modesty, I-Buppose, butwha't I call tact,', said, Philip .Vane. 'I thought it hotter, not.' , pad you .a pleasant ?party;?'',;.. ; ..-,.. ',,.?;.,',' ^-...'ii.- '.?.?', ?..:-.: -'? : ??? \ ' ': 'Very ploasantj ' .- saidi Mi'. : '? Delabole ; ;'f' Mrs. ; . Bendixon horsolf looked ^splendidly: handsome, :apd waa.in capitalform, .no doubt the result of horimorning's-'interyiew .with you. ? Then. there -were Pps8 and his wife, both very nervous, look ing round to seo how other people behaved -and a'«, and -evidently disappointed at thero boinz so little fried fish ; a; gopdlooking:! woman, jwcoae, name I obnld. npo: catch,, a grass ,w,idpw, i.with a-. husband in India, or one of ,thoso .couyonient, places,; old,, Lord ..M'Taggart, who came screw ing up to mo after dinner, and asked mo to put him ;on to sbjjdetbing good, ho 'didn't .care what ; ABproy, and a. deuced gpod- Jooking. young follow, whose name I have beou trying, to re.cplTec.t,::but. can't., ..Queer' , name... top-x, high-sounding, romantic, like one of taoee, odd comDinations of ' aristocratic family uaraea, ueed by the theatrical, people who advertise in.the Hareafoot for engage menta.';';,' ..?.-.;., -..?,.?»';. .? ' ..???, :;t- ?'? ?? ?'.?? ' '1 never pee the Haresfoot,1' said Philip ;Vane.i !,...?.? -, ,; ? .- ?-. ' ? ?? . ?? ?...; ?.-:?'?? ,; '-Dpn!t.ypu ? ' Baid. Mr, :. Delabole.: ?;' It is : a deuced, -amusing . paper ; but you Dover did take; ,anyj .interest;,. in .theatrical ..matters,' ,ho added, , looking . at „ hia .,? companion ,| closely. '' However, .Asprey- got talking to; -me. about this young fellovv after: dinner.;. It; appear^ that he ia.tho adopted son of some old lady with an iinmonse lot of mo»ey, all of which,. when the old lady dies, it.is supposed, he will inherit. ? The old lady ia -very ill just now,, and Aspreyis attending her.'. . ... ,, . : , .. ,,, ''..:._ . . :. , ,. . 'Indeed,' eaid Philip Vane. ''If Asprey ia. .attending hor that looks well, for the ,youth|s chances. of speedy iriheritancDj-particularlyaf . the .doctor is intercetedin the matter.' ,_ 'The, doctor is a very wide-awako., customer, na you. know perfectly well, njy dear, Philip ; and ua you:knpiv: equally well, believes in us, and.ia in ? heavily. \\\ith us.- He thinks it.very ad vjtable that wo : should got hold of this young*- Gerald Har-.. dingn.; that'a tho'fcllpw'a name.' ..... . ??.. . .; . . '* Gnrald Hardinge I' rupoated Vano. ' , ' Yes,' aaid Delabolo, quickly. 'Do you know him?' : , !:.: . ; ...,.....- ... ?:? ' The name somehow Beems familiar., to me,' aaid Vane, pondering. Then,, after aninBtont's pause, 'No, it cannot be the same.' i, ?' . . , ?, 'Why not?' asked Mr. Delabolp.: .? 'Who was your friend ?' . ., , ,-. . ;. .' v ' :- ; ?; : . '. 'He- waa , no friend . of;' mine/'. : said Vann ; 'I nevor saw him. I think I recollect the namo_ as scene-paintbr, or .something of that sort, in tho eame theatrical company, with that Miss. Piorrepoint. tho girl, you may remember, I apoke to you abont, who 1 thought would suit your friend Wuff, but who would not go.' :, ;'1 recollect,' said Mr. Dplabolo, 'Thero was a good deal of promise about that girl. Did you over, hear, what became of her??' ? ; . ';NotI,'6aid Philip.;. !f-I had no interest in her, and only thought to. do Wu'ff-a turn. She's married, I euppose, or dead.'' . :.,:,: ?? ? ???'? .' j' Ah,!' aaid Delabolo, 'pretty much the aamo thing in her profession. . I am not quite sure that this is not your. man;. thero was some- talk about hia painting, I reeolkct,. and Asproy said his was ratber a romantic &tory.; : He.promhed to come here this morning and tell mo all about it.' 'You aro rather, weak in . your pronouns, my dear Delabolo,' eaid Philip Vane. ' Who.is ^he' ,i— the Joctor or the dupo r ' ': ? , .' You aro rather strong in your; language, my dear Vane,' retorted' Dolabole. 'Dupe is an '.awkward word to use, even amongst friends ; jt is tho'doctor, Doctor ABproy, whom I expect this morning.' :. : . ' .; ?. ' '.'lam glad ho is coining,' said Philip Vauo, with apparent heartiness, noxious to conciliate hia '. companion ; 'a capital fejlowAspr^y, and nne who has been of much service to us. He is such an excellent- — . There, I was going to uso another word that migut ppssibly offend your sub ceptibilitieg. : I was going to eay ho ib such an ex cellent decoy. ''',,.: ?.','?. ,- :,?...:;' , '?' Decoy . is, a , good; word,' said Mr. Delabole, ^'and peculiarly applicable; to . Asprey. Yes,.he has. been themeans of bringing better people and , mote DjoBey ; into , car ,'variow coricerna .than any;, of theoutBidew.' ' I uever met anothorJmda -witn : that.'p'e'iiuliar.pSwer'of ^prbjiagatirig hia ideas wit_h:' put uuduly.fpr.cing them, or in the least commit ting hjmself.', . ?.-.? ????? ? .';-?- : ;' Do.ynu. think that it would be.toleribly easy, to got hold of this young fellow ?' . m\ 'My dear Philip, the mere fact that the fel-: low. ia young,, convoys to mo tho notion that it ia ea'-iy-to get hpjd.of him. either for gwd or, evil,., but certainly, for evil. -The mere fact that he has, ^beoh'pppr, and ho must hayobeen: poor when this, old woman adopted him, convoys, to me the cer tainty that ho will be covetous and grasping, when he finds himself rich, without any merit or labor, of his, ipwn.! Ho will want, without troublo, to. double the fortune .which..- will be. left him— we w^llfihowhiiutliej^ay.' :', .:.,:,, u-.w ? ..-.- ;, Tnen carho.a tap a,t the door, followed by ...the. 'entrance of amesECfgor, who announced 'Doctor; Asproy.':; ' ;' , . ?. -,... .- ;, , .-.???'; : .:.„'.:? .-.. : .. ?. ?' Show, him in,' said PhilipVane.. ,? L 'By&\\\ mcana,' . added Mr. Delabole; ,??. the, ? very mari we were wUihing to Boe.' 'j '..', ,.': .-; ? ??, .-. '??:??:? 