. '?'.'; l''MI.£G:E€.Ldtf.k0XI:$, ??'; : . -Th.b iHoB.AHp.To.w.}r.BEN;E.YO,r'B.^ ^-°- - ciEiry.—fTihe'.prpspP.cts ,pf!^h.i.s..s.o.i)ie,tyiare. . 'yeryencpuraging tp-tho .expcutiye.ippm- - mitteo. ?A.t!.;tho.:iqottim.eApemQn,t :}pf,rWP ? year their -financial statement rstpodrthjis : ,- 'r- £'io-in the bank,' iE500 debentures vat ip . !ppr. cent., an.d ,63,000 ab.5 wwice-n t,.». i- . ' -The|RuILI AVEN^Atti' 'JjI3ftiiBX.-TTnliHlS- -. .favourite, ;rosbrbiilias been: v#ry, laiJge|y :? patronized iiby yisitor.s, and jisijto wftny a.ffrcat boon. wihich -they 'Would. iwidoubt-. iedly hav.e' heen.dep.riyied^f,' Jiad .SOtftthe jOlork.of the :Assembly.co.me:tort-}xolTC's.cue, ! land proyide,:an lafitondnut/isuiqo.othc !-jom- Imenccinent ;of ;tb.c -year at ,bis,0iWn,ex-. jpense.as the ireauat»an;in-Ade-;.by. t3ie(A.8-! Isembly.during.thei lagt, session ap-Hieiiji.- ibparian'si'-salany ijyould itose/tcuiiaedwiei !doorR'^to-Jibe^cbs.ed.i.te??-aU?.b4i_t?lnVembor,s?, jonty. i'-; ,??''? I-!':;;', 'ii'i '? ' ?'I'.';:! ''?? ??.'?-: ' '? iOpENING :. OP i (fii. iSDAOMu S-T SKMISiUlK '. iBbBABT'!ro.w^.T7r2fearly.;founteeniiyears. isays;thelM«;ciwv/, iwxe elaptsed^ipcc; -^ idiscontiriuancp' ot'-St.iMar.y's'P.atnaul.aa- ? tholic Seminary, conductedi by. ,-tUe Lllov. ! iSEriBond^whoilert^oV iEnglundiiii 1858. lOii the .arrival .of the Most -Bev/iBishoi) Murpli.yi-sucowisorto BidhopAV-illsQUi' .om*. pfthe first-objects contemplated iby ias liordship'Was ithe..estab.li«hmeri.t.of.) aujiur tecmediate s'chooMQr.ijiounglivaiqs.'jMttcu w,as .successfully accomplished, in',-,cQnnebr tiori with ithelPtesentiition ijNu-ns; iT-he Bishop'thoni as- »t is understood',' -sefc!(his mind upon; tiheiformatiori of a.simaar!iiii stitutipn -for !-boys, iniothe-r; iwords,.trthc- resusditatiori .ofilfcheSt. :Mai:j'!3' Seminary ;? and :his'i (Lo«lship.Eesolv«d:.ro.gisfc.u.pihiS' residence .in-:M'aequaric-streetiifor tji&pur-; ppsespf.the-som'inury. T-huesdii,y,'85tkult.,' the Feast of '.tlte- Conversion,' oP ^t,-«Mil,' was appointed1 for1 the vfonmtd .opening, when a goodly numbor.bf liidies'-and'i.gcu-; tlemen accepted the invitation, of the E'cetpiv jthei'JRpv -T; :'Kfe|sh;- to attend.. A'mp'ug the -Tisitprs' -were- -the iKe^iBr. Porrest, ppetor of '^t. '..Poh'n's ^Cpllege, Sydney, an-S!;tlie HS:. 'Mr OrShannssy. pT'AnotppaL'-'Thtf'.^st'^y/^e^isTiojp'. I havinffbeen called away /afp-re ?? fciyi 'ag'.- tp assist attKcbpewng of the _ Ga6hed£al of Armidalp, and at the fPstivities jii ;thi diocese of ' Kathiisst, 'New'.'Soutlv' W'ale* . was represented -by theTery'Iley.''Mi Mirum; Vicar-GinevalVyho jreijidie'd on' tlie becasion. The'Ucvs.. Messrs. jR'eebni-' nor.Wopds. He^inebry.'Xeish, 'Fitagcrald, &c.;, were ajso present'. .Abput'a db^en ypunir' gentfemen,. ' ioteading situae^ts jt ? thi seminary, wereiu .attenc^aricp, ,ajfd fip peare,d:to:taie muchiate'vest in the .w'c*-.' i cbedings. The meeting was addrcjsepLb.r' ii the.VicariGenc-ral, Eb-. Dr. Forrest; 'th»' hon..',J.. O'-Shannassy,- I-4-. 35. SjJCalU. Beys.1 Messrs Titz-gwalcl and ;:?.elsh' . ; ' ' : ; ' '.TS'pW.TfK'll^ipES1 ^SMQ.NS.-r'JDJjip '$-}??; Di. GediUc .wjio tor iwen.ty.r Jivii .yp^S hns Jabpwed A5 a .missionar.y pu ,%thf-. island .of ' Aneity.nni, and whb . h-,s. just ' r^tumpd. frohi a. cruise an^.^'.tho yaripus islands. of thb .,§p'utli .Seas, ,,.^j.U nivbian..avdix-ss , on njissipns in gcjiesal^ and.p-i thjO ,I?rosby.ter.ian ?iMiss\on!s',iii,pho Spiith Seas, ip 'particular, on thp ey,e!i,irJig bf Mphday Jipxt at. .Chalmcr.s' .'.'J^civ. Churcli. ' ' Tho- friends of naissip,n,s. ,are-,. specially invited to attend. Musical .Kara^R,— Mr J. J. Kol.l.ard. pianoforte -tunp,r, being ;e.ugaged tp visit I Lpngford, l'erfch, and.E.vaudalp, ne.xt,w;ee.!i, orders left for hiiii at the posf-oijicps. Av those townships will be attended to. Coubt of Bankbuptct. — The meeting ?ih're P. G. Spicer, fixed for 26th nit, was ? farther adjourned to the 23rd February. 1 Mb. Jackson, M.H.A., on the Main Line Railway. — At a public meeting, lield at Queenborough on 25th ult., for the purpose of affording Mr Jackson an opportunity of explaining his reasons for giving an adverse vote upon the Main Line Railway Bill, Major Douglas, con vener of the meeting, was Toted to the chair. Mr Jackson, as reported in the Mercury, said he had stated in his ad , dress ' that the colony is to have a Main Lino of Bailway is now settled. It would be superfluous to discuss whethor rightly or wrongly, and it only remains to carry out the. undertaking as thoroughly and economically as possible. I confess I ? regret deeply that the Government have . let the matter pass so completely out of their own hands, as I am convinced that with ' the vast experience of so many similar undertakings, which may be con sulted, the Government might have had the line constructed themselves much ? more cheaply and satisfactorily than by delegating the work to a company.' This showed .that he had some doubts on his mind as. to the wisdom of the course pur sued hy Government. In his speech he said in regard to the Main Line Bailway ?that they were all aware that the contract had been executed, the Governor had signed it in behalf of the colony, and it had Tjeen sent home for the signature of . the company, and should tho company ratify' what their agents had done, the only question would be to carry out tho railway as economically as possible.. He must say he regretted that it was to ' be : done by a company, for if it had been done by ourselves it would have been done more economically, and far more satisfactorily. For they must hear in mind that at tho end of the thirty ' years it did not become the property of the'colonyj for it would have to bo paid for. ' But it was rather late in the day to make those remarks. It only remained for him to say that he should be prepared 'to' offer the Ministry in power every sup port that the details might becaTried out, «nd the great benefit of the railway -secured to tho colony as speedily as possi ble. '.This showed that his mind was wavering as to the expediency of the ?course ' adopted. There were three ^parties in the colony on this question — ?the railiray at any price party, the railway at no price, and the railway party who wished it constructed within the resources of the colony. He belonged to the latter. He considered the Amend iment Bill premature, and that it would ?be time enough to introduce it when they 'knew whether the company had accepted and signed the contract, Then he ob jected to granting the Domain, tho only pleasure park the citizens had, to the company until it -was proved that no other route was practicable. A.t all events ? he 'would not vote for such a measure ' except it were shown that other routes ' would involve the colony in. an increased outlay. At the sairo time rather than embarrass the Government, or do ^ny thing that would prevent tho carry ing out of a Main Line Bailway, he ?would 'when 'the company had signed the -contract support the measure. Mr Moriarty, in a speech of an hour and -a half s duration, moved ' that this meet ing - is of opinion that our member Mr -Jackson's adverse vote against the No. 2 Bailway Amendment Bill was in violation ?of 'his implied pledge to the electors.' .This resolution was seconded by Mr Mays, 'job. MrODigney said that after the ex -planation given by Mr Jackson, showing 4hat he had not pledged himself, he could ?.not- support that resolution, he- would therefore move as an amendment, ' that ? ??? Mr Jackson's adverse vote upon the Main Line Bailway Bill, No. 2, was prejudicial \- ^to the interests of his constituents, and -that the Chairman bo requested, in the event of the bill berag again brought be \- fore Parliament, to ask Mr Jackson to support it.' The- amendment having been ?seconded, Mr Mowarty said he would withdraw his resolution, as it evidently was not acceptable to^flie meeting. The ^resolution was withdrawn accordingly. . 'Captain Wm. Fisher stored as an amend ?Juent to Mr Disney's -resolution, ' that -this meeting, having heard Mr Jackson's -?explanation, is satisfied that he acted 'honestly and straightforwardly.' This1 .-amendment was negatived, by a majority ?of three, the votes being-token by a show -of hands. Mr Digney's ipesolutiou was then put, and declared cawied. Cebemoky of Adult Baptism.— On Tnesday evening the -lasge bath at Mr ickermm's bathing establish ment, -Cameron«street, Laimceston, was ?engaged for a very unusuifl purpose. This wag the baptism of four adults — two «of each sex— by Me W. Brown, an Evan gelist from ^Victoria. The ceremony., which wan very simple, commenced -.iibont a ?JtoSololoclc- Itconsifitcd of singinga verse «f a hymn ecpressive ctf deep lore it© the ;Sayiour, prayer, a ahapb address -on the necessity for following the example of Jeaug, who was baptised by John iho Baptist Then Mr Brown merely took ,©ff Jus jco«t, and widi his other clothing ©e, ?descended the steps of the bath until tlie water wag up to his waist. Mr B. Gibtaa ^witha suit of thia tmfc dark clothing : which he uved for the purpose, descended i the steps and after a few words of address Mr Brown baptised Mm in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ; at thp same time throwing him backwards ?towards the steps and quite immersing him in the water. Mr C. J. Lowe next descended and was baptised in the same manner. Two young women were algo 'baptised, not together but separately. There were only some nine or ten persons 'present, most of them young women. The ceremony did not occupy more than twenty minutes. Dancing.— Messrs. Roberts notify that they will bo happy to impart the most modern style of dancing, and give private / lessons, I The Vice Regal 'Visit to Launoes ton. — His Excellency tho Governor, ac companied by the Hon. Walter Stuart, master of Blantyre, son of Lord Blantyre, of Lanarkshire, Mr Anthony Trol ope, the Hon J. M. Wilson, Premier, and his Excellency's private secretary, Mr C. M. Chichester, are to leave Hobart Town for Launccston on Monday morning and arrive at the Brisbane Hotel that even ing. H. M. Steam Cobvette Clio. — We regret to find that Commodore Stirling and the officers of H.M.C. Clio aro not likely to be amongst ewe visitors to Laun ?coston next week, as the Clio is under sailing orders to leave for Sydney to-day, unless H.M.S. Cossack arrives before that. Sudden Death at Bishopsboubne. — An inquest was hold on Wednesday, be fore Charles Arthur, Esq., Coroner, on the remains of Patrick Dugan, who died very suddenly -at Bishopsbourne on Tues day. He had been complaining of a pain in his side forsometime previous, and was in the bar of Mr Lawson's public house, Bishopsbourne, when ho became worse and died. The jury returned a verdict of died from natural causes. Sudden Death at Longfobd. — An inquest was held at Longford on Thursday morning, before Charles Arthur, Esq., Coroner, on the body of Thomas Donnelly, a pensioner, who died rather suddenly on Wednesday. Donnelly had also been ailing for sometime, and the jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. Abbival of Victobian Race Hobses. — Mr T. J. Ryan's horse King fisher, entered for tlie Champion Cup and Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap ; his horse The Monk, entered for the Grand National Steeplechase ; and Mr Bartlctt's Victor arrived here by the -s.s. Derwent on Tuesday. They had a smooth passage, were landed in prime trim, and were walked off, first to the International Hotel and then to the Bace Course Hotel stables near the training ground. Tho stea mer Tamar brought over from Melbourne on Thursday two racehorses— Mr Arthur Poole's Warrior and Mr W. Filgate's Contessa. The former is entered for the Selling Stakes and the Selling Hurdle Race, and the latter for the Launceston Cup, Town Plate, and Tasmanian Turf Club Handicap. Warrior was stabled at Mence's, Terminus Hotel, and Contessa at Smith's,' Mowbray Hotel. River Don. — Our correspondent writes :— " On the 27th ult. Charles, eld est son of E. Cummings, Esq., eight years of age, fell from a tree in the gar den and broke his arm ; it was set by Dr. Lock and the little fellow is doing well. On the 30th ult. a temperance meeting, was held in the Don Chapel. I am happy to be able to add, I am informed it was also a temperate meeting. The injudicious advocacy of this society has too long been its bane and a bar to its success." St. Peteb's Chcbch, St. Leonabds. — On Sunday next the induction of the Bev. Brooke Bailey will take place .at the above church, service commencing Jat 3 p-m. The Hill at Mowbbay. — The incline approaching the Mowbray Hotel, at all times a difficult ascent for the loaded cars and other conveyances to the racecourse, is at present not in a fit state for the traffic that will take place upon it during tho ensuing week. Loose stones lay about in all directions, and, in order to prevent .accident, the hill should undergo some slight repair. ? AsTBONOMY, THE WoNDEBS OF NaTUBE and of Abt. — A visitor from Melbourne ?commenced a new species of _al fresco ?entertainment on Thursday evening in St. .John-street. He has a powerful telescope mounted on a. tripod for viewing the starry firmament, or looking the man in the moon out of countenance, a stand of ?CKeel-lent microscopes and stereoscopes, -all of which are means of instruction as well .-as of amusement. The public can have a sight for a fee of sixpence per head, and the novel -exhibition was well patronised last night. . Fbee List to the Race Coubse. — To-day -from 10 to 12 a.m. and from 3 to 5 p.ta. the Secretary of the T.T. Club will attend at the International Hotel, when all trainers, jockeys, grooms, licensed victuallers, and others entitled to free passes to the course, &c.;,_ are re quested to attend and obtain their tickets, as none will be issued' after the latter hour on Saturday. Iu order to avoid eonfusion .and possible annoyance on the eowrse, members of the club wio have not paidftbeir subscriptions are also particu larly requested to obtain their tickets. ' Theaiee Royal. — As previously an nounced by 'Us the Theatre Royal is to be opened on Tuesday evening under the lesseeship of Mr L.A1. Bayless; when Mrs Mary -Gladstone, the eminent tra gedienae, will -make her first appearance in the historical play of ' Elizabeth, Queen, of England. Mrs Gladstone s re putation lias already been sufficiently dwelt upon aa these .columns, and will as suredly Bee-ure for her a warm and hes&'ty welcome at ike hands of Tasmanian play goers. Sheds to be supported by a very powerful company numbering some of the leading aetoce and aetresses of the colonies, and we hope to see a very suc cessful season. A list of the company will ibe found in our advertising columns, and the cast and full particulars will appear in ff&xt; issue. ' Opposition to Levy a Bailway Rate- — We understand that the Protec tion Association formed some years ago to oppose the levy of a railway Jrate on pro perty in the Launcestoa and Western Bailway district, are now moving in the matter. We. hear that Mr R. Byron Miller met the committee of the associa tion at Delowdno, on Wednesday, was re tained by a one-hundred guinea fee, and proceeded to Hot&rt; Town, from Perth, -y mail last night, to move for an injunc ion against the lery of a railway rate until a case has been stated, argued and disposed -of in the Supreme Court. . Fatal Accident when Bathino at Longfobd.— An inquest was held : at Longford oa Monday, on tho body of Poter Calla^han, who was found drowned in the South Esk on tliaf, morning. De ceased, with others, was a reaper em ployed on the Woolmer's Estate. He went oa Sunday to bathe alone near tho regatta*ground. One of his fellowwork men passing along tho bank somo time after saw the clothes of Callaghan, but could not see him anywhere. The man became alarmed and went and acquainted his mates. ' Search was made for tho body, but it was not found until next day. It was discovered amongst tho reeds which very much abound in that locality. Tliojtiry returned a verdict of accident ally drowned. While this inquest was being held, Sergeant White arrived at Longford, from Bishopsbourne, to report to tho Warden that a man named Dugan had that morning fallen down and died. Royal Society of Tasmania.— The annual general meeting of the Fellows of this Society was held, the Mercury says, on Monday evening at the Museum, Mac quarie-street, M. Allport, Esq., vice president, in the chair. The hon. secre tary, Dr. Agnew, read the annual report. On the motion of Mr Bil ton, seconded by Mr Gjblin, tho report was adopted, after which the retiring members of the council, namely, Sir R. Officer, and Messrs T. Stephens, H. J. Buckland.and J. Barnard, were re- elected. Messrs H. Cook and F. Butler were re elected auditors. Other routine business having been transacted, the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Pbopebty neab the Club Hotel. — The two allotments adjoining tho Club Hotel, on one of which is tho dwelling house occupied by Mr William Titmus, were bought in by Mr Adye Douglas on Monday for £500, but they have since been sold privately to Mr Titmus for £515. Riveb Don Bazaab. — The bazaar in aid of the Public Library at the River Don is postponed to Tuesday and Wednesday, 2Gth and 27th March next, owing to har vest having commenced. Contributions will be thankfully received by Mr James Biickhill, Mr C. T. Hammond, River Don, and by the Secretary. The Odd Fellow.— We have received a copy of the Odd Fellow for Feb ruary. It contains notices of proceedings of the lodges in the Cornwall district and Hobart Town district, quarterly and half yearly reports, nnd some very good ex tracts relating to Friendly Societies in England. Band of Hope Mining Company. — There was again too limited an attend ance on Wednesday evening to form a quorum for a general meeting of share holders. It will therefore bo necessary for the Directors to make a call to pay off the debts due by the company and wind it up. The Russian Geand Duke Aiexis in Amebica. — The Neiv York correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes — The Grand Duke Alexis of Russia has arrived atr last, after a disagreeable voyage of over a month from Madeira. Some anxiety was at one time felt for his safety, not only here but in Russia, for telegrams of jnquiry arrived daily from Russia. The Prince — who is third son of the Czar — has received a Royal welcome. His de barcation in the city and progress up Broadway was one of the grandest and most imposing celebrations we have had since the death of Lincoln. About 10,000 of the National Guard (the State militia) acted as his escort, and as the day was bright, the sidewalks from the Battery to Union Square — fully threo mile — were densely lined with spectators. The Prince is a handsome blond, six feet one in height, and with an amiable, though rather stupid, cast of features. He has only been here one week as yet, but has already been to Washington, attended half-a-dozen recep tions, heard Tfillsen at the Opera, and — been serenaded by Col. J. Fisk ! Fisk's last hobby is to have tho finest band in tho world, and he will, I think, succeed. Among others, the celebrated Levy, the eornet player, is one of its members. Three men in it receive 10,000 dollars each a year, and six others 5000. Well, Fisk and his regiment and band having turned out among the rest to act as a guard of honor to the Prince, and having serenaded Mr Sothern at the Metropoli tan as they passed down to the Battery, returned to their armoury for a few hours' rest. Then the Colonel again took the field with his band, and ' tooled' under' the windows of the Prince's Hotel, until Alexis sent for him and shook hands with him and personally thanked him for his ' beautiful music.' Fisk's reply was characteristic. Utterly unabashed, he said, ' Well, Prince, that's nothing to what I will do for you. I now give you the freedom of every thing I own in this continent during your stay in America.' Fisk's ' possessions' are the Erie Rail road and some of its connections, the Fall River steamers, the Grand Opera House (which ranks far below the Aca demy of Music however), and a wonder ful chariot with six wonderful horses. Alexis has now the full run of all these diverse forms of property. A Gold Cake or 36 Ounces. — At the last cleaning up of the crushing at the Tasmanian Quartz Mining Company's works referred to by our correspondent .at Waterhouse, the result was a fine cake of 36 ounces of gold. This was received in Launceston on Monday. ?Sheewood Races. — These are to take place on March 18th, and five events com prise the programme as follows :— Maiden Plate, Sherwood Handicap, Hack Race, Trotting Race, and Hurdle Race. Nomi nations addressed to the secretary at Latrobe will be reeeived on the 17th February.; freights to be declared on 7th March, and acceptances 16th March at 8 p.m. LAUifCESTON Benetolsnt Society. — Return of the number of persons relioved during the week «nding January 31st, 1872 : — 23 men, 68 womett, and 194 children. 'The Sign.'— -The well-known river, boat ''The Sign,' belonging to Mr F. Gay, has been altered so that tho original builder would not know her. She was placed on ways at tho Russian Wharf,' cut in two, exA lengthened to the extent of nine feet. She has been made a fine substantial coaster of 14 tons, intended for the Port Sproll trade, and will be ready to leave on her first trip about the end of th« week. This improvement in the cutter has been effected by Mr Bbs kell, assisted by her owner, Mr F. Gay. Hobabt Town Poultey Society. — The hon. secretary of tho Southern Poultry Society has forwarded us an ex ceedingly neat pamphlet containing a list of the prizes to bo compoted for at the eighteenth annual show, to be held next August, and which is published very much earlier than usual in order that fanciers, knowing tho amount of prize money offered, may bo induced to take greater pains in preparing their specimens for exhibition. We notice with pleasure that the committee has introduced prizes for dairy produce, a feature which has proved so successful in our northern so ciety's shows, and one which we predict will be equally so in tho south, adding greatly to the interest of tho exhibition, and better still being of practical value to grocers and others. We understand a very large number of sweepstake entries have been registered in various classes of poultry and canaries, several being from northern breeders. The amount of prize money offered for competition by tho. society is something over fifty pounds, and we are glad to learn that severe! of our fanciers have signified their intention of exhibiting at the coming Hobart Town show, which it is more than probable will far outstrip any of tho pre ceding ones. Helleb and the Gbegoey's at Bom bay. — The Australasian says — ' Mr J. W. Smith, the well-known theatrical agent, is good enough to send us from Calcutta a Bengali paper containing a notice of Mr Heller's performance written in that interesting vernacular, tho printed characters of which we can say are very ?elegantly shaped, and which is no doubt a highly expressive tongue. We reserve the perusal of tho notice for a leisure moment. In a letter accompanying the paper Mr Smith mentions that they are about commencing their sixth week and business continues very good. They pur poso in two or three weeks to sail for Rangoon, and while in Burmah Mr Smith intends to go up to Mandalay, the capital, and endeavour* to procure for business purposes the celebrated hairy family. He encloses the photographs of these charm ing specimens of humanity. Tho King of Burmah, Mr Smith hears, has: refused some very good offers for them, but,- sup ported by some letters he is taking with him, he thinks he has a good chance of securing these missing links in the Dar winian chain of animal life. Mr G. B. Lewis has built a very good theatre at Calcutta, but his business has been of late rather flat. According to Mr Smith, the Gregory company has not been a great success, neither tho ' Gertrude sensation' nor ' the songs of Bessie' having hit the tastes of Bombay residents. With some particulars about the Pompei and Cagli Opera Company, performing in Calcutta, Mr Smith concludes an interesting letter. Death of Mb H. D. Wilton. — The following, ? in reference to the demise of the above-named gentleman, 'Call Boy' ex tracts from a letter dated from London early in November last : — ' Poor Henry Dolan Wilson has at last paid the debt of nature. He died in his 29th year, at Church-stieet, South Shore, Blackpool, Lancashire. Since his return from Aus tralia as agent with Lady Don, his health has gradually succumbed, and young and. volatile as ho always was, he did not take that care of himself which a man of ma turor years would have done. It is to his credit that he stood by Lady Don in all her troubles incidental on the manage ment of the Newcastle Theatre, and his .death is most acutely felt, not only by her ladyship, but by a large circle of friends.' - The New Govebnob of New South Wales. — The Sydnty Morning Herald, of Wednesday last states that 'during the debate on the previous night, upon the second reading o( the bill for the re duction of the salaries of future Gover nors, the Colonial Secretary (Mr Robert son) announced that Sir Hercules Robin son was to leave England for Sydney on the 31st March. His Excellency the Earl of Belmore will return to England by the Sobraon, which sails early next month. . f Abt, Unitabianism and Comic Wei ting in Victobia. — ' JEgles' remarks : — ' There is a growing love for art, and, in evidence of this, it is said that the Hon. Henry Miller has remitted £1,500 to London for the purchase of good pic tures. He is right this time. Is there any explicable connexion between Unita rianism 'and comic writing? Or is it merely a coincidence that the two ser vices in the Unitarian Church on last Sunday week were conducted by two ex editors of Punch, each having acquired deserved celebrity as a witty and hu morous writer ?' . Bazaab. — The committee of the Laun ceston Working Men's Club intend giyinga supplementary bazaarinaid of the building fund, at the club rooms on the race days — the 6th, 7th, and 8th of February. Mrs Frost, York-street, Mrs Williams at the club, and the membors of the committee will thankfully receive contributions. Launceston Regatta. — At a com mittee meeting held on Tuesday night, it was decided that the Ladies' Purse should be open for mercantile amateurs and mechanics only. This being a twenty-five guinea prize should induce an extra num ber of pullers to come out and compete for it. It was also decided to have a race for youths under sixteen years, two pullers and a coxswain. ? ; An Unfounded Chabge. — On Friday, 26th ult.,afellow named Jas. Jewel entered tho witness box at tho Launceston Police Court to sustain a charge of larceny he had laid against a man named Charles Johnson, known to the polico as a Rechabito and an honest, industrious man. Jewel stated that ho was a laborer, and resided last at Longford ; on Wednesday was at a pub lic-house formerly kept by Mr Brumby ; at 10 o'clock missed an opossum skin rug, which he had left in tho stable at 7 o'clock in the morning. He had not seen Johnson ? there, but started for Launceston, and overtook him on the road, near the Travel ler's Rest, on Thursday. Jewel swore ho recognised a rug tied up on Johnson's1 back as the one he had lost, and told John son so.- They walked into town together, and then Jewel cave Johnson into custody. , Jowel swore he had tho rug in his posses sion for twelve months, and had boen using; it all that time. Ho did not succeed in describing the rug, and said the one he had' lost was not bound. The one produced in Court had evidently boon bound for .ninny a month. Ho could not swear that the rug in Court was his. He only reported the loss of the rug to the publican at Longford.' — not to tho police. Johnson, on being re lensod, wished to lay a charge against'' Jewel for attempting to rob him near the Traveller's Rest on Thursday, but as they had walked into town together without' Johnson giving 'tho Jewel' into custody or making any complaint on tlie way, tho police declined to entertain the charge. Ceicket. — The concluding innings of the match — Launceston Club v. Prince of Wales Club — was played on Saturday,, and resulted in an easy victory for the latter club, who beat their opponents by. 60 runs, the ? Prince of Wales club' playing with eight men, while the Laun ccston club had their full complement of eleven. The first innings iras played, three weeks since, when the Launceston Club were easily beaten. The Cost of Chabitable Institu tions. — Wo have roceived from a corres pondent in one of the country districts, a communication with reference to our leader in our last issue on charitable allowances. He says that the Council. disburses on behalf of the Government about £20 per month, in addition la which upwards of £50 was devoted to the relief of the destitute from the Church offertory fund, making nearly £300 ft year which is found absolutely necessary for the relief of residents requiring relief. Teansfeb Day. — The first quarterly meeting of Justices for the year for -^rant-: ing transfers of licenses, &c;, will oe held at tho usual places throughout the various districts of the colony on Monday next at 11 o'clock. At Launceston tho meeting will be held at the Court House. There are only two applications for licenses, for the .Shamrock Hotel, Elizabeth-street, and for the Newstead Inn, Newsteail.. Mr William Henry Foley, son of the pro prietor of the premises, applies for the - first, and Mr Hammond for the Newstead Inn. Chapman's Bbass and Quadbillb' 'Band. — Mr George Chapman's efficient; band which visited Launccston 'during the carnival week last year, will leave Melbourne by the Derwent to-day. Mr Chapman intends to ? bring over both brass and quadrille band, and the latter has been secured for the grand ball to be given on Friday next at the Town Hall. The band consists of lead ing men in the profession, organised care -fully by their leader, Mr Chapman. Amongst them is the great Signor Cami.t, who has performed in the piece ' The Bombardment of Paris,' on ten drums at once, introducing the remarkable effects of the discharge of that terrible French weapon tbe mitrailleuse. The band will be open to engagement during next week, with the exception of Friday even ing: FiNGAt. Beeak — On Monday next the Fingal break will leave there at 8 p.m., and will return on the 9th, for the con venience of passengers to and from the races. Miss Lucy Chambeus as tiie Deak Little Infant.— The S. M. Herald of Wednesday, 24th inst., says : — A very' successful entertainment was given last night in tbe School of Arts, Pitt- street; in aid of the fund for tho relief of the sufferers by the late fire at the Prince of Wales Theatre. There was a numerous audience, the reserved seats being crowded, and the other portions of tho hall comfortably filled. The programme opened with Morton's comic drama of ' Where there's a Will there's a Way,' in which Misses Carey and Melville and' Messrs. Middleton and Cohen appeared, and acquitted themselves with credit. Tho drama was followed by Charles Mathews's farce of ' Little Toddlekins ;'' Miss Lucy Chambers, as the dear little ' infant, creating roars of laughter. Indeed, so pleased were the spectators, that she1 was called before the curtain several' times to receive the usual complimentary ovation. Geqrge Hudson tub Railway King. — The last mail 'brings us news of the tteatb of aonce grentpotentnteGeorgeHudson. Jf-;» of the Time gives tho following brief account, of this remarkable. man, whose descent in tlie social scale, once it commenced, was us rapid' as , his rise had been wonderful: — ' George Hudson, known as the ' Railway King,' was born at York about 1800. He is a magis trate far York(of which city he was three times elected Lord Mayor), and is in the commission of the peace for tlie counties of. York and Durham. He made a large for tune by successful railway speculations, more especially during the railway mania of 1345-6, during which period he was regarded not only in England but in France, as an or acle on the subject of railway operations, and received as much homage as the famous Law, the projector of the Mississippi scheme, in Paris, at the beginning of the last century. He was for some years chairman of tlie Eastern Counties and the York, Newcastle, and Berwick railways, and one of the Sun derland Dock. Company. He represented Sunderland, in the Conservative interest, from 1845 till 1859, when ho was rejected by his old constituents.' 