TAKING THE VEIL. Yesterday, being Whit Tuesday, the ceremony of the reception of a young lady, Miss Julia Horner, into the sisterhood of the Presentation Order of Nuns, was performed at St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart Town. The postulant for the white veil and the garb of a novice ship, is a younger sister of Miss Teresa, Horner, who, in conjunction with another young lady, took the veil nine months ago, and who, like her sister, bus then voluntarily dedicated herself to the work of educating the children of her native land, Tasmania, in the paths of religion and virtue. Though the admission was by ticket, in order to prevent overcrowding,', there was a large congregation present, including numerous members of other religious denominations. The clergymen who were present, and took part in the service, were the Right Revs. Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart Town), and Dr. O'Mahony (Bishop of Armidale), the Very Rev. E. C. Marum, Vicar-General, the Revs. J. Sheehy and R. Gleeson (Deacon and Archdeacon), the Rev. D. F. X. Beechinor (Master of the Core monies), The Revs. J. MoKornun, T. Kelsh, and M. O'Regan, in the sanctuary, and the Rev. W. Fitzgerald in the other. Great preparations had been made for the occasion, and the High Altar was tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens, the tabernacle wearing its veil of white satin, and the canopy hung gracefully from the crown, bearing on its blue and the words Piece Vallis Angcloritm. The nuns' choir was also tastefully ornamented with flowers and evergreens. The ceremony commenced a few minutes after 11 a.m., the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, vested in full Ponlilicnls, officiating. no also wore the jewelled mitre, which was presented by the Earl of Shrewsbury to the late Bishop, and bore in his hand the pastoral staff, indicative of his office The Right Rev. Dr. O'Mahony, Bishop of Armidale, was vested in purple cassock, pocket, and marvellous, over which he wore his pectoral cross. At ll'lO a.m. the procession issued from the Sacristy, bonded by a young lady cross bearer, dad in snowy white, with two companion acolytes, similarly arrayed, one on either side, each bearing a li ich tod paper. These were followed by about a dozen altar attendants, neatly attired in purple cassocks and Roman collar. The clergy followed next in order, wearing surplices and cups. Then came the Master of Ceremonies, followed by the Bishops, and a the Deacon, and Sub Deacon. The procession of the llcllgleines of the Convent followed next in order, headed by a cross bearer and two other young ladies of the Convent, attired in robes of pure white. The novices followed, then the nuns and lastly the novice elect, Miss Horner, wearing a rich bridal dress and white veil, and having at her right the Lady Superior, and on her left the Mother Assistant. The well-known hymn O Gloriosa Virgimtm was rendered by the choir during the procession. At the conclusion of Ilia hymn the Bishop, after invoking God the author, and praying for in behalf of " the humble order which he had chosen, the assistance of the glorious Virgin," blessed the- wax candles that they might be a protection in " whatever place they should be lighted or placed," and then presented them to the novice elect, with the prayer that she might by the illumination and favour of the Holy Ghost " be eternally united with Jesus Christ, the Spouse of the Church." The Right Rev. Bishop O'Mahony v then ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from Judith, xv. c, Hall verses, And Joachim the High Priest came from Jerusalem to Buthulia with all his patients to see Judith, and when she was come out to him they all blessed her with one voice, saying : Thou art the glory of Jerusalem; thou art, the joy of Israel; thou art the honour of our people : For thou hast done manfully, and thy heart has been strengthened, because thou hast loved chastity, and after thy husband hast not known any other ; therefore also the hand of the Lord hath strengthened theo, and therefore thou shalt be blessed for ever." There overs had been cloths, he said, in the Christian Church, who were ready to devote themselves to labours of love and charity. He then referred to the persecution to which the Church had in all ages been subjected, and the glorious Towards in store for those who sincerely devoted their lives to God's service He next pointed out to the novice elect the nature of the duties to which she was about to devote herself for life. The sermon, which lasted for three quarters of an hour, was listened to with devout attention throughout. At the end of the sermon the usual questions were put to the novoe leet and to the Lady Superior by the Bishop, who having ascertained that it was by her own free will and consent that the postulant demanded the Holy Habit of Religion, His Lord- ship besought the Almighty that what "He had commenced in her He might perfect." Whilst the postulant retired to leave aside her secular dress the ornaments and pomps of this world, the choir intoned the psalm " In exitu Israel," and on her return to the choir, the postulant being now. clothed with the holy habit, grime, and all, the solemn ceremony of the " Blessing of the Habit" was proceeded with. At the conclusion of the appropriate prayers the Molhor-iissistnnt presented the centre and the rest of the dress to the Lady Superior, who put it on the novice, while his Lordship reported the prayer Cum vessel junior entitles the said Min following prayers. After the novien-oloct had been fully attired she received her religious name, Sister Mary Francis Borgia, after the second illustrious General of the Society of Jesus, St. Francis Borgia. The music throughout was beautifully rendered by the convent choir assisted by the Rev. W. Fitzgerald, and Mr. Packer, who presided at the organ. The solemn Pontifical Benediction of the Holy Sacrament concluded the religious function of the day. 