THE NEWS OP THE DAT, Tho small-pax panio has evidently rnn its course, and people are now beginning to smile at the fright they were caused by tho sensational statements made by some ol our contemporaries. No now alarms were raised yesiercay, anu in tne course of the afternoon the chief medioal officer (Dr. M'Crea) re oeived the following telegram from Dr. Murray, the gentleman in obarge of tho sana torium at bandhurst : — -"Everything going on woll ; no fresh cases reported." Mr. G. C. Levey, the secretnry to the In. ternational exhibition CooimiasionGrs bad an interview yosterday with the hon. the i reasurer with reference to the amount to bo placed on tbe estimates for tbo current yea for tho erection of a building in whioh to hold the exhibition of colonial products prior to thnr being forwarded to the London Ex- hibition of 1873. After somo conversation, Air. Langton agreed to placo £3000 on tho estimates for the purpose required, it being understood that somo arrangement would bo m tdo with tho trustees of the Pnblio Library for the use of tho greater portion of tho large ball, and also tbo irou annexe at taohed to tho Publio Library building. There is in some qnarters an impression tha» tho Mnrray dietriot eleotion most bo begun de novo as soioe of tbe polling booths were not supplied with voting papers. The Eleotoral tot meets this difficulty, as it pro vides If from any cause not being Buch as lastly hereinbefore mentioned no polling shall have been opened at any booth of a polling place for any province or distrioton the day named for the purpose in any writ' uf eleotion for tho same, the polling at Bucb booth shall stand adjourned to a day not later than seven clear days following tho day upon whioh suoh polling was to have taken place ; and the returning offioer or deputy (an the oase may be) shall forthwith oause publio notioe to be given thereof." So hat the returning officer has the remedy for the matter in bis own hands. " He has not, however, availed himself of this olanse, but he has speoially endorsed the writ as directed to do by another part of the Eleotoral Aot, and has forwarded the writ so endorsed to the Speaker of tho Assembly, Judges Nolan and Copo having obtained leave of absenoe in consequenoe of ill hesltb, the law officers of the Crown have made arrangements whereby his Honor Judge Haukett will perform the duties pertaining to the circuits of the judges now on leave, Daring the investigation of the Civil Sor. vice Commission into the management of tho Government departments, a visit was paid to the Yarra Bend Asylnm, and in the ootirso of. tho researches mado by them Mr. Vale made tho disoovery that the patients were being defrauded of their fair allowance of rations — cheese was the particular item chosen — in consequenoe of the soales used being somewhat irregular. Of conrse such an important matter necessitated the appoint ment of a board of inquiry. The gentUmen iihoson for this important task being Air. Joseph Jones, M L A. (chairman) ; Captain Standiab, Chief Commissioner of Police ; and Mr. Agg, one of the Audit Commissioners, These gentlemen have just finished their arduous labors, and have submitted their report to the hon. the Ohief Secretary. They certainly admit that the scalea used for the issue of oheese ore slightly de fective, and also comment upon the nndeeira- hility ol allowing the stores to be served out by a patient in the asylnm. Their recom mendations really amount to this, that a new set of scales shall be obtaioed, and a proper ufficer, suoh as the steward, be appointed to superintend tho issue of atores Of course, both these recommendations will be adopted by tho Government, and neither the patients nor Mr. Vale will have further oause to oom- plain that their allowance of oheese has been ourtniled. Merohants about town were congratulat ing themselves yesterday afternoon that tho Border duty difficulty had been surmounted, and tbat in future goods were to be allowed to oross the Murray without first undergoing the vexatious difficulties of passing entries, paying duty, and other trifles of the same character. Tho causo of this was tho receipt by Mr. Fehon (of the firm of M 'Cul- looh and Co. ) of n telegram from their agent at Echuoa to the effect that the collection of the Border duties had ceased, aud asking chem to send np an additional olerk in ordor to oxpedite the work of the firm. This soon came to the knowlodge of the hon. the Chief Secretary and tbe Commissioner of Customs, who at once telegraphed to Mr. Willett, tho Viotorian Customs offioer at Eohuoa, but bis reply, whioh was received at a late hour in the afternoon, was to tbe effect that he had received no official communication of any cessation of the oolleotion of duties. It is probable that Messrs. M'Cullooh and Co. rave reoeived the information in anticipation of any telegram sent by the New South Wales Government. The Border Customs Duties Bill passed its third reading in tbe Sydney Parliament on Thursday night by a majority of fifteen, and it is very likely that Mr. Parkes and his colleagues have decided upon falling baok upon the old arrangement _ for a lump sum, instead of oontinniDg to ool- leot the vexatious duties on the banks of the Mnrray. The hon, the Treasnrer will ask Parlia ment on Tuesday next to grant an increased sum for the maintenance of the garrison corps foree, as the Government desire in future to fill up all vaconoles for out-door employment in tho Government service from the ranks of the garrison artillery. By this means they antioipate that thennolens of a strong body of disciplined men will be avail able in the oase' of any emergenoy arising. The idea Is not a bad one, but to make it thoroughly useful it should be made oom- pulsory on all of these tnen to nndergo periodical drills, so that they my be maintained in their present State of effioienoy. The oarrisnn aorna is tn be increaeed bv the addition of fifty men to the number. Nomi nally tbo corps now oonsists of one hnndred men, bnt in reality suoh is not the oase, as the men are beiDg continually drafted into the police and penal servioe. As the Government are intending to inereaso the defence force of tho colony in one direotion, it may not perhaps be ont of plaoe to point ont the necessity of having a fall orew of officers and seamen on board the Cerberus, instead of, as at present, leaving that valu able vessel in ohaj-ge of a non-commissioned officer arid half a duzen seamen. A meeting of the ratepayers of Emerald- hill was held last evening, at the council chambers, for the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability of establishing baths within theprecinots of the borough. Tho mayor (Dr. Start) occupied the ohair. Mr. fiodier, the hon. see., explained the objects of a company that had been started for ihe purpose of supplying bathing accommoda tion to the residents of the bill.- He submit ted a prospectus setting forth that tbe baths as proposed would oostatpresent about£l(f 0 -su-i -i -i i i A muoh larger «um would be required t bring the undertaking to completion. Mr EU< rker, architect, submitted a plan of tho site, whiob was approvod of by the meeting. The site proposed lios between the platform at present used by gentlemen bathers and the house erected for tho aooommodation of ladies. A suggestion was made by Mr. J. Page that thoso persons paying _ up their shares in full should have some privilege ex tended to them in the shape of free admis sion for a speoifio period. A provisional committee was appointed to carry out the scheme, and the meeting separated. The monthly meeting of the oonnell of the National Agricultural Sooiety took plaoe yesterday, at its offioes, Boarke-street west. The hon. .Robert Simson, president of the sooiety, took the ohair. There wss a full attendance of members. The chief batinsss of the meeting arose out of the resignation by Mr. Monro of the oiBoe of secretary. His resignation was accepted, and a month's salary was voted to him. The oounoll pro ceeded to oonsider what steps should be tsken to fill the vaconoy, and it was|resolved that applications be received up to the 26th inst. An adjournment of the counoil then took place to Friday next. An Investigation was held yesterday by tho Steam Navigation Board, represented by Captains Payne (chairman), Devlin, and Fal- larton, and Messrs. Steele and Sutherland, to inquire into the oollislonbetween the schooner Pioneer and the barque Sylphido, whioh oo- ourred on the 10th inst. The soboonor, bound from the Richmond River, came through the Heads on the 10th ahead of tho Sylphide, bound from Newoastle. Tho Pioneer ehaped a clear course eastward of the Swanepit, the barque being to windward. As the Pioneer approached the blaok buoy, tbe Sylpbide steered after ber. The schooner went into stsyB, and the barque following her example ran into her, striking ber on the port side. Considerable damage was done to the Pioneer, and it took about ten minutce before the vessels got clear, when they pro ceeded on their way. Tbe board fennel that the collision was oooasloned by an error of judgment on the part of the master of the barque Sylphide, Captain Qarriock, but ac quitted bim of any wilful neglect. The plan adopted at the oonviot establish ments in tho old country of taking the photographs of prisoners on their receipt and discharge from gaol, so as to enable tho deteoiives more eaaily to identify any old hands in crimeyls. about to be introduced at tho Pentridgo Stockade, a small iron baild iug being in coursd'of ereot-ion in the north west corner of the npper prison for the pur pose of a studio, and as retrenchment is still tho ory, warder Bradford, who is understood to kuoW a little of the art of photography, is to be the operator. t Col. Chsmp contem plated this plan some years back, but owing to tbe varions alterations in the working of the department at tho time it had to be laid on one side. Spiritism or not Spiritism onght to have been the qaestion last evening at the Town Hall, and great was the throng of both sexes that arowded into the supper-room to witness (he intellectual duel between Mr. Blair and Mr. Tyerman. The partisans and opponents of the ' ' progressive doctrine " were pretty evenly balanced, and eaob party was ready to pat its own par ticular champion on the baok when he wes thought to have made a hit— a palpable hit. The belligerents went to work with a zeal in whioh vigor atoned for a steady predilection to deviate from the text. Much was spoken about the deadened brain, metaphysical philosophy, and " prig ging " on the one side, and eternal progres sion on the other, bat very little was said about spiritism as understood to mean dia phanous phantoms, armless hands, and lloating garlands. Several of the audienoe looked as if they hoped to be mystified, or put into that delightful state of being all of a shiver. One individual was heard to say that be did not oome there to hear about Sir John Hersohel, but that he wanted to see a live ghost. They ware all disappointed however, and hod to put up with professions of faith and' bare assertions instead of facts and an introduction to the spirits. The audienoe were told that this was but a pre face to the debate. May the first ohapter prove a little more sensational. Mr. J. W. Thomson, writing from the " Contempt Room," ohaltenges the correct ness of our report of his oase, and aBks us to invite our readers to suspend their judgments in reference thereto hntil Monday. We montion his request without committing onr- selves to any promiao to publish the expla nation. A meeting of the Demooratio Association of Viotoriawas held on Thursday evening, at Mann's secular academy, when an essay was read on CJtopianism versus Conserva tism, meaning, presumably, communism as against the existing order of sooiety. It was argued that a Btate of wholesale de moralisation prevailed in sooiety, whiob rendered reform, progress, and reconstruc tion the password to action among all earnest thinking men. And since this con dition of society was due to the many diverse Interests whioh capital and compe tition engendered, it was only duo to truth and humanity that a dispassionate conside ration should be given to commnnism, in the probability of its being tho rational and natural baBis of sooiety. Although as an nnconventional Utopian idoa it had been ridiculed by some sections of the community, yet the clear indication famished by all the developments of progressive thought and re form tended straight in the direction of com munism. Ignorance was represented as the most powerful barrier to the adoption of its principles by the people, and tho necessity or tbe people providing themselves, through their agent the State, with not only elemen tary but advanced seonlar knowledge, includ ing a knowledge of social ethics, was strongly insisted upon. The essayist then went on to extol the virtues of communism, whioh if adopted inextenso would, it was represented, introduce a social millennium— by annihi lating poverty, giving precedence to nothing but moral and intellectual power, destroying tho baleful thraldom of class, and removing the blight of sin and suffering. An instrno- tive discussion took place on the essay. A deputation, representing the Gipps Land Railway Association, was introduc e! yester day, by the ohoirman of the association, the hon R. Turn bull, M L 0., to the Minister of Railways, Among the gentlemen present were the hon. Messrs. Highottand Degravea, Al.LC. The seoretary of railways and tho engineer-in-ohief were in attendance. The objeot of the deputation was to urge npon the Government tho neoessity of plaoing Gipps Land in railway communication with the metropolis, in accordance with a promise already made. Some time would neces sarily have to elapse before a survey oould he made, but the sooner It wss commenoed the sooner It would be oempleted. It was stated that travelling in Gipps Land was now almost impossible, and piteous tales were told of the present Btate of the roads, one gentleman who knew tho district well going so far as to say that on a reoent occasion he had to employ three pilots to keep him on the right track. Mr, Gillies was fully awaro of tbe validity of the olaims made on behalf of Gipps Land. He had already - discussed thesnbject wlthMr. Higinbotham, and found that there would be some diffioulty in der aiding upon the bast route to be taken, A sum bad been plaeed on the estimates, and whoa available he would have a survey commenoed and completed as Boon as possi ble. Viatoria is likely to be the best oustomer of the Anglo- Australian telegraph line. The South Australian Register Btates that on Monday, 9th July, as many as 38 messages were received at the telegraph office for transmission to England por horse express rom Tc-noaut'a Creek, thence to Port Dor- win. The particulars are as follows : Ade laide, 6; New South Wales, 6; Queensland, 2 ; Victoria, 24 ; Tasmania, 1 ; total, 38. die value of the messages amounted to £423 lis. 9d., distributed as follows : — Due to South Australia, £45 ; to British-Australian Company, £372 7s. ; and to other colonies, CO 4s. 9d. The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Com pany wqb held lost evening at the town hall, Ueelongj Mr. W. P. Ducker in the chair. There was a very large attendanoe of share holders. Tho report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. These have already appeared in our columns. A dividend at the ra;u of eeven per oent. per annnm waa carried unanimously. The sum of a thousand pounds nas voted for the ereotion of a new engine,. The chairman spoke very highly of the ser- vices rendered by Mr. Stratford as a dircotdf. His remarks wore rcosived with loud appro bation. Mr. W. F. Duokerand Mr. Stratford, the retiring directors, were unanimously re- elooted. Both gentlemen returned thanks. The elootlon of auditors was being proceeded with when onr report otosed. The following gentlemen were nominated : — Mossrs. Camp bell, Fow, Chambers, Bannister, Hondy, Fraser. We are informed tnat Mr. Godfrey, soli citor, has issaed a writ on behalf of Mr. Olegg, collector to the Benevolent Institu tion, olaiming £1000 damages against Mr. J. M. Bryant, of Royal-terrnoe, for libel and slander, and that Mr. Higinbotham and other oounsel have been retained for tho plaintiff. A oas whioh appears to bo surroundod with somk mystery was brought before the City Court yestorday. A respectably-dressed ana apparently woll- ednoated young woman, who gavo tho name of Elizabeth Grossing- hame, was oharged with insulting behavior. It was alleged against her that sho had spoken to some parties in the street saying she had been poisoned, whereupon she wae taken to the hospital. It was there found that hor statement was not oorreot, and he was sent to the watohhonse in Little- Collins-street, where it transpired that she had been stopping at 44 Stephen-street, and that she had only recently arrived in Mel bourne from Launceston, where her paronts (who were well-to-do people) resided. _ She had been some days stay iog with Mr. Simm, a baker, in Brighton. She waa remanded nntil yestorday, when a document was handed in from Dr. M'Crea, certifying to the young woman's insanity, and a second doctor supported that opinion. Thereupon she was sent to the Yarra BandLunatia Asylum. No statement was made as to whether the story told by her that Rhe had been living in Brighton was true or no, and as the young woman is evidently of the reBpectablo class, it is to be hoped that her friends will be ac quainted with her position. It is always a ploasure to chroniolo any aot of daring or bravery, and we therefore give the following : — On Wednesday last an inquest was held before Mr. Pounds, coroner for the Sandhurst distriot, on the body of a lad named Picken, who had accidentally fallen into the River Loddon, at Bridge- water, on the previous day, and woe drowned. In compliance with the request of the jurors, the ooroner attaohed tbe following memo randum to the minutes of evidence whioh are usually forwarded to tho Crown law officers : — " A ciroumstanoe oonneoted with this sad oase is so deserving of the highest commendation that I feel very much pleasure, in aocordanoe with the desire of tho jury in this oase, and of everyone residing about Bridgewater, from what 1 observed at this inquest, to bring before the Government the aot of an nn- assuming man residing there, named Herbert Mathews. The young man William John Picken was seen in the flooded Loddon River drowning, a little above the Bridge- water bridge, when suddenly Mr. Mathews plunged from the bank into the torrent without taking timo to undress, and for soma ton or more minntes swam about and dived frequently where he thought tbe boy was to be reached in the opinion of many excited people on tho banks, and so continued uutil quite unable to remain with safety to his own life, bat nn- fortunately without being able to save the life he had so bravely hazarded his own for for in an effort which must astonish all who sees the place as it then was. This I had been informed by several jurors and others was the third or fourth time this fine fellow had done similarly, and onoe or twioe had succeeded in saving life by his marvellous powers in the water, into whioh none else dared to venture wi'h him. I was nrged by many to do what I oould to mention suoh an aot in the proper quarter." The memoran dum is oertaialy neither a model of good English or othography, but ae it records a brave option it is worthy of publication. Per haps the case can be brought under the notioe of the Royal Humane Sooiety. At the Geelong Folloe Conrt yesterday, William Brinson and George Sweeney, the men who assaulted and attempted to rob Mrs. Fitzpatriok, at South Geelong, particnlara of whioh oasa have already appeared, were sontenoed to six months' imprisonment nnder the Vagrant Aot. John Searle and James Thomas, oharged with stealing sheep from the Queen's Gardens, tho property of Lowe and M'Kenzie, were oommltted for trial. Edward Collins, who had been remanded several times was discharged, he being the wrong man. He was told he might oonsider himself a very lnoky individual A German resident. at East Collingwood, Mr. O. Mullendorff, experienced the foroe of a lady's ire in a corporeal manner the other day. He was a areditor of a Mr. Edmnnd Burrows to the extent of £3 and went to the house to demand payment. Mr. Burrows was not at homo, but the creditor saw his wife to whom ho used rather strong language relative to tho non-payment of the money. This was of a nature to arouse the lady's wrath, and she thereupon seized a horse whip and administered a sound flagellation to tho dunning oreditor. Yesterday the latter brought the matter under the notioe of the East Collingwood aourt by means of two summonses, one against Mrs. Burrows, who was called upon to answer for the assault, and tho other against Mr. Burrows, who was oallod upon to say why the debt should not bo paid. The benoh made an order for the payment of the money, but dismissed the assault case. The Ballarat Evening Post states : — " The fonrth general meeting of the Ballarat Meat Preserving Company was held yester day afternoon at tho office of the company, when the report and balance-sheet were read and adopted. The report stated that since the loBt meeting £356 6s. for buildings and £1085 5s. lOd. for plant and rolling stock bad been expended, that during the eleven weeks in which work bad been resumed 353 oattle and 1 1,584 sheep had been slaughtered, and congratulated the shareholders upon the perfect condition of their workB. It was resolved that in face of the opening of tele- graphio communication with the home market, operations should be oarried on upon a limited soalo until there was a decrease in the price of stook. Mr. W. Eaglestone was re-elected as a dlreotor, and the board war empowered to appoint another in place of Mr. B. Hepburn, resigned." The Canary and Pigeon Sooiety Intends holding its second annual exhibition on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of August, in the new Temperance Hall, and it is confidently ex- peoted that the exhibition will be the moBt successful ever held in the colony. The Mohawks have commenced the winter oatnpaign in Geelong. On Tharsday night a mob of these moonlight marauders entered the newly-planted garden of Mr. Spring's residence, rooted up the trees, andoarried away the houdsomo entrance-gate. It is surmised that the wanton and malioious aot was perpetrated by the same vagabonds who broke four large squares of gloss in Mr. Spring's house about three months since. Upon that oooaaion Mr. Spring did not suffer any loss, as the building had not been handed over by the contractors. Some hard-working meohanios who contracted for the glazing were fonr pounds out of pooket by the aot of these scoundrels. A very pleasant repasb was provided by Mr. Rowland, the proprietor'of tho Pier Hotel, Williamstown, lost evening, the oocasion being a dinner to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the Amalgamated So oiety of Engineers, Williamstown branoh. There Were over sixty members present The usual loyal and other toasts were druuk in bumpers ; altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. Mr. A. Ramsay (tho president) occupied the ohair. Mr. Cooke, the seoretary, read the last report of the soalety, by which it was Bhowu that there were 39,000 members, 400 branches, and that £109, S09 was expended last year in benefits, and they are saving £1000 per week. Mr. Horsfall, of Sooth Yarra, has for warded a oase of oranges to Sandhurst for the small-pox patients, and intimates that another will be forwarded. The example might be followed by others- The Government inspecting engineer of roads, Mr. Riley, complimented the in- apeater of works of the Coburg- Distriot Road Board, Mr. D. Dunn, on having the best kept portion of the main Sydney road be tween Seymour and Melbourne. It will be a source of great comfort and saving to cabmen and other persona who have . ve hicles when that portion of the road between Coburg and Melbourne can even be oallod good ; at presont, and for some time past, it bos boen in a most dangerous Btate. A lodge of Good Templars was opened last night attheTomperanoo Hall, Williamstown, by Distriat Deputy Right Worthy Grand Templar Joseph Kimberley. assisted by some of the officers of the Melbourne Pionoer Lodge. Twenty new mombors wore initiated, officers wcro elooted, and the lodgo named The Unity. The Richmond United Lodge of Good Tem plars gives promise of being a vigoroitB and suooessful branoh of the order. At the meeting lost night at the Lennox-street leotnro>hallnino now members were initiated and ten proposed, making, with those proposed, about sixty. Tho Commercial Travellers' Society of Vic toria bids fair to become one of onr perma nent Institutions. The organisation is now completed,- and it only requires that the affairs of the society should bo oarried on with the same vigor that has marked its initiation to make it of roal benefit to the class for whom it is specially provided. On Thursday evening, 11th July, a vory interesting and instrnotivo leoturo was de livered by the Rov, A. M, Henderson, of Melbourne, in tho Methodist Free Churob, Richmond. The subject, Nature and Man, was well and ably treatod, and a very hearty vote of thanks waB accorded to the leotnrer. Tho ohair was oooupled by the Rov. S. U. Rothwell On Wodnesday a frantic effort to esoape from a police ooustablo was made by a pri soner named William Fitzgerald at East Collingwood. Constable Murphy Baw Fitz gerald in company with another man, named William Smith, trying to dispose of some carpenters' tools at a shop, and snepeot- ing that they wore not honestly come by, he questioned the men. Fitzgerald said his father had sent him to sell the implements, bnt tho constable doubted the statement, and after lodging Smith in the look-np, proceeded with Fitzgerald and the tools to mako inquiries. After travelling some distance the prisoner suddenly dropped the bag of tools, and made a run for it, but tho constable showed hia pace, and after half a mile or more had been traversed at full apeed, succeeded in re-capturing his prisoner, who then admitted his inability to givo an account of how the property came into his possession. Both prisoners were taken beforo the looal bench yesterday, and were remanded until Tues day, in order that if possible an owner might be found for the tools. The lode attending tho Yonng Traders' Sohool were treatod last evening by Mr- Beauohamp, at his rooms in Collins-street, to an exhibition of dissolving viows. Early in the evening about 126 boys sat down to toa, and subsequently a very handsome series of views wsb shown thom by Mr. LloycL Theso views wore above tho ordinary olass, the greater portion representing soenes in Paris both before and after the recent bombardment. In the course of the evening the boys sang several pieces uDder the direc tion of Mr. Williamson, their tesoher, who also accompanied them on the harmonium. It may here be stated that the Young Traders' Sohool was established some few years ago by a nnmber of gentlemen with a view of giving instruc tion to boys who are engaged in earning a livelihood during tho day, and are conse quently prevented from attending any day sohool. The projeot has been a most suo oessful one, under the management of Mr. Williamson, the head teacher on board the Nelson, who nightly attends the sohool. A member of the oommlttoe also attends every night for the purpose of assisting Mr. Williamson. The boys ore taught reading, writing, and arithmetio, and also tinging. The attendanoe is yery good, averaging from sixty to seventy nightly, and the boys all appear anxions to learn. In oonolusion, we may state that the sohool is maintained solely by voluntary snbaoriptlons. The annual competitive examinations In oonneotion with the Artisans' Sohool of De sign were held at the Trades' Hall last evening. There were 180 pupila present, and the usual staff of committeemen and teachers. The examination papers wero drawn up on the prinoiple adopted by the Soienoo and Art department in England. After the pupils had worked for an hoar and a half the papers were oolleoted, and the awards will be made and the prizes distri buted at a public meeting to be held at the Trades' Hall on next Friday evening, when his Honor Jndge Bindon and soverai othor gentlemen interested in education are ex- poated to be present. Mr. Donovan delivered his second lecture on art in building at the Technological Mu seum lost night, treating of deoorative art. He pointed oat the evils of exaggerated or over profuse ornamentation, and was spe cially severe on the depraved taste so oha- racteristio of English-speaking peoples, whioh shows itself in all manner of shams and false pretences about buildings — suoh as making plaster look like stone, wood like marble, or etuoco like alabaster. Suoh things were dirgusting to men of taste, who would no more thick of perpetrating suoh an outrage themselves than a gentleman would think of wearing sham jewellery. The leoture was frequently applauded, but the audience was not a numerous one. A preliminary meeting of the property- holders in Carlton was held at the Lygon Hotel yesterday evening, for the purpose of opposing the apglioation and protesting against the granting of tho reserve fronting M'Kenzie-Btroet, or any portion of it, to bo used as a site for a children's hospital. The meeting was largoly attended, and a oommittee was appointed and other steps were taken to carry out the objeots thereof. L'Afrlosino was performed lost night at the Princess Theatre for tho benefit of Signora Zenonl, and the attraction of so favorite an opera, with tho fact of its being for tho benefit of so popular an artiste, was sufficient to ensure a large attendance. Tho performance was by no means equal to some preeeding representations of the same work, and the impression conveyed was that a special rehearsal had not been deemed neces sary, The beneficiaire was not in her best form, but still succeeded in pleasing. Signor Coliva and Mr. Armes Beaumont wore both in splendid voico, and maintained the aotion of the piece with great sncoess. The ohoruses wore very unsteady ; but, strange to say, tho Ship ohorus, usually the weakest, was on this occasion about the best of the choral movements. To-night a double bill is announced, comprising tho two favorite operas, Lncrezla Borgia and Pipeie. The songs of old Scotia have a great oharm for the Melbourne publio, for the Kennedy family had a large number of patrons again at the Temperance Hall yesterday evening, and the entertainment laoked nothing of the interest that attaohed to it on the first introduction of this talented family to the publio. Their repertoire seems exhaust- less, and last night they gave some of the ohoicest morceaux in Scot tish ballad Binglng, and rendered many old mnsioal identities in a manner that they are seldom heard in this country. Mr. Kennedy's happiest efforts are when he avoids pathetic melody. He is grand in the national songs of Sootland, and can exoite the enthusiasm of his audience to the highest pitch. The softer melodies whioh require pathos and delicate expression may well be left to the ladies of tho company, who are capable of rendering them with full justice. Their reoeption last night was of the moat flattering oharaoter. Wh are requested to draw attention to tho second list of donations to the Porry scholarship, which will be found in our advertising columns of this morning. The eighth monthly meeting of the Standard Building and Investment Society was held on Wednesday evening. The receipts for tbo month wero £502. _ Fourteen shares were sold at an average premium of £5 10a. 6d. per share. The superintendent of Industrial Schools ac knowledges tho following donations, vfe.:— 300 toy bricks for the sick children at Melbourne Industrial School, from Messrs. Mooro.and several parcels of periodicals for tho children on the Nelson and reformatory ships, from .Mr, Need- hiuii, Under a Cloud is tbe title of a little work published in Goelong. The principal interest of the book is tbat it is the work of a man who is now blind and helpless, and has been incapaci tated from work for many years. As sketching a digger's life years ago Under a Cloud is of in terest. The poetic faculty, however, has not manifested itself in the author. A very handsome specimen of tho wood on- graver's a<" has boen issued by tho Canary and Pigeon feoqlety as a poster, calling attention to their show in the early part of August next. The bill exhibits tho counterfeit represen tation of most of the Kuglish 'singing birds, the chief specimens of the canary tribe, and n full solcciion of pigeons. Tho bill ii well worked out in oolors, and taken altogether is a fine cpeci- men of colonial workmanship in this lino. Tho engraver was Mr. Frisboo. The usual monthly meoting of tbo committee of management of tho Melbourne Sailors' Homo was held at tho institution on Wednesday, the 10th inst, whon tho following members wcro present : — Mr. James Lorimor (in tho chair), Messrs. Pigott and Slddeloy. Tho superintendent re ported that 120 seamen had entered and 124 loft tho institution during tho month ; tho 'daily average had been 03. On the 8th and 9th inst. the wbolo of the accommodation was taken up. £450 lis. had boon deposited for safe kcoping by seamen, and £389 14s. 9d. had been withdraws. Tho monthly accounts were passed for payment. A harmonium had been purchased for tho ser vices held in the institution. Tub approaching annual elections for the borough councils are now attracting tho attention of both candidates and burgesses in Richmond. For the North ward tbore is to he a triangular contest, as in addition to the retiring councillor (Mr. a. H. Smith), Messrs. A. E. Butler raid James Kennedy have announced their respective candidatures. The latter comos forward osten sibly in the interests of the " working man." Thore is no sign of any opposition to the re-elec tion of Councillor Cutter for tho South ward, and Councillor O. Smith is also likely to enjoy a'walkj over for the Central ward, Mr. J. E. Weaver, who had announced himself as a candidate, having re- tirde from the contest. The usual weekly meoting of the committee of managomont of tho Immigranta Aid Sociotv was held yesterday, at- tho Home, Prince's-bridgo. Prosont : Messrs. Sayce, Oliphont, Dickson, and Griffiths ; Mr. Sayco in tho chair. The state of tho Homo was reported as followB : — Number remaining last wook, 462 ; admitted since, 192 ; discharged, 177 ; died 1 (William Falconer, agod 62 years, native of Nairn ; cause of death, debility and age) ; remaining 476 ; comprising 262 men, 07 women, and 117 children. At the same time last year there were 268 men, 95 women, and 84 children. Of the men 94 are sick or in firm, 20 stone -brooking, 139 oakum pickiog, and 9 working outBido. Of tho women 14 arc sick or infirm, 9 in the laundry, 2 at needlework, 70 hair- teasing, and 2 working out. Out-door relief has been granted to 24 families, or 95 individuals, on presenting tho reliof cards of the society. 