THE DEVIL IN BRISBANE. The following amusing case was tried at the, law sessions, Brisbane:- DESMOND v. BATTY. This was an action for £15 for personal in- juries. The plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, laborer, residing-in Lower Glasheen, and the defendant was Mr Thomas Batty, the proprietor. of the circus performing in Great George's street. The process stated :--"The plaintiff claims, £15 damages for loss, injury, and damages sustained by the plaintiff through the carelessness, negligence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circus in Great George-street a certain animal called a camel, his property, which animal he, in the month of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted and suffered to escape and break from said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the Lower Glasheen road, where said, camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injured knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice he had been put to expense and loss of time." Mr Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas he was sitting at the door of his house on the Lower, Glasheen road, minding some pigs' food. His wife was at work within the house. He and his wife had been talking about ghosts and about the devil, and about half-past 6 o'clock, while they were so talking, "a queer thing" came up to the door. He screeched, for he did not know what it was- he thougt it waw the devil- (laughter). It had a long neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on his back. He screamed, but he could not stir-he was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two fore paws in, and crushed him against the side of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couple of feet inside the threshold, and left the print of its paws there. Mr Hayes : Why didn't it go in further? Desmond: Oh, sir, the hump - laughter- the hump was so big he could not get in the door. (Renewed laughter). I got such a fright I was not able to eat as much in three days at in one day before. (Much laughter). How did he get out ? He backed out again the way he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross- examined by Mr O'Connell: What did you think you had before you when you, saw it ? The Devil. (Loud laughter). I believe you had been talking about tlhe devil? Maybe I wor. (Laughtr). But were you? I wor. (Much laughter): What put the devil into your head, that you had been talking about him? Faith, I could not tell you. But what sort of a thing was it? Oh, his neck was as long as from this to that box (point- ing, amidst roars of laughter, to a jury-box about 15ft from him.) Had he anything but this neck? Faith, he had a hump on his back, ever so big, and he had long legs, and eyes, and a big mouth. (More laughter.) Do you see anything in court that you could compare him to? I don't then, I'm sure. When he came in the door I would give all the world to get him out of sight. (Great laughter.) Did you get up off the chair? Indeed I didn't- a better man than me could not do it. (Renewed laughter). Did you attempt to shove him out? I did not sr'toehove him out. I'did' iothiig;'ata hinm for 1 w?s'.fraid of my lifeo'f h if yous had bayoiets' you'could'di -iVstlia ''' ll 'to h im. (Groat lee ghtai:.)) I'esva tiot0bsbThq g& work bor four `dys aftyr, d T'Got iy 'heart romm hm. (Rgare. ef laughliish .i '1 i "'Mi De sbnd'(wife 'ofthA'plaiuiti si husbnndi`o the night i o question was?'mi'o omeig''food at the dor, eand' I wiijatiwork inside ' ll at once' I hoeii'd' a itt'erse o] c ot of i' 'I lookbd doivn lidi ai tiin "a bl w" no with his neck streitolinallis he c d'stretch it. "Oh," ahys' pr to Atlmig r antlq' O bdfr it's nthinggood(' g " I theord rosave o;ur;solil" a fell douwn 6on'in'knA'cs i In 'afit. of a tar,), Did yod' evBer se6 the like', ' it' bp(iro Oh, nd,'sir."' What hasipped biof~';r'; hoysishout the placo' tiok it awa,, Croa.eo aminsdbout 'b r 'O'Coieiill':' What ro talking about when'the a'nitill came to the domrI Mil liubband 'wi blamin'g' ie for" beiig b ius 'di ,long, ad he was talking about 'gliosts anei :ti' devi ' When '1 'lookd 'and saw 'theo upinie saysI, "it is' theddvil "is 'thre now suirey (Shouts of laughter.) Mr Hayes a: Thaft is the defence at the 'other side, your worship-that it was tihe devil was there and not the camel. (Laughtesr.)" : Mr Gregg; Didn'tyour husband sa.y to yod jest before,;" The devil' take 'yY."-Y vinesso Hodid; sir. ' ..... ' . Mr O'Connell : Is he in tha' habit of talk(iff about the devil ? Well, lie w:as, air ; he was too' often in his mouth, as I often told him. (Laugh' ter.) Didn't you think it a just "judgnint o' him thet the devil should mnake 'his' appelrindic to see after: him '. inder thoseab 'circumstancesl Wisha, I suppose' it was' sir." 'He' was 'after' calling on him too' often,"aaid"it 'was 'sorvin'' hlim'right. . (Laughter.)' Has he beei tallkie about the devil sinoe ? Hollas'iiot;! iir'."(Lau'h' tor.) . .. . ' r. y . ? His Worship considored the 'plaintiff h'ad nriil'' ceived damages'on the occision, and gave decbr' for £38.-Queenu ta,nd Time.b. ' ' '" • i ": . . . '- - +, ? '-'' - ; 