E NTERTAtH MEMTS. .' THB THEATRES, Ac TbeTbeatreltoyal being bornt doiro,and tbe[ company houseless, there was nothing for it put (0 adopt the frozen-out gardener method, Mid do as they ooald, when it wu impossible to do M they would. Accordingly, a spries of benefit performances was in* 8tStnted, commencing with a cricket mitdi on i the ifelboai&e; Cricketground, the cricketers playing In oostume, and " to extent supporting the charaoteta personated. Mr, Coppte appftari»d«s : JPatA Pry. -'Mtti* GreWUe :sthej Katne of Johnson, Mr. CUadeMelnotte, Mr. Cardenas ^ Mr.jStewettM Lord Dundne#ry, Mr.j ». 9b. Dann as TJwiS RwMfl/t ioe «8 Rob ip, Mr. Roberto as ) iwMikeFeeey,^ Lbly-varieJ that U the wefctker had trai proposed to repeat It of the colony. This, however, was only a proposition. In the way of more exact inten tion, it has been determined by Mr. Coppin to use St. George's Hall as a temporary theatre. Mr. Enderby Jackson's little com pany, therefore, will have to remove to other quarters. Fortunately, the Princess s was disengaged for a week, and it was placed at the service of Mr. Goppin and his friends by Mr. Lyster. On Saturday, therefore, this very short season commenced. The P*ec®^ti^e " Faint Heart Never Won Fair Lady, The Wandering Minstrel," and "My Fnend from Leatberhead." with the legend of "Shamus O'Brien," by Mr. Carden, thrown in as a make-weight. Moreover, Mr. Coppin made a speech. It was natural he should make a speech. He has been taken to task sometimes for making speeches, bttt on this occasion he had every excuse for ad dressing the audience. When a man is burned out of house, he has surely as much justification for claiming the sympathy of his friends as if be had been burned out of home. Accordingly he claimed their sympathy, and thus he said . "Ladies and Gentlemen,-I _ have corns before the curtain on many occasions to malte speeches, but never in my lifetime with sucn sorrow as I do now. Six yearsago. asi most of you are aware, I started afresh in We without a sixpence; and I must say that this SS has made'a great hole in the pro- ; ?vision which I had made for old age and a , large family. To use theworfs of Mr Badger, in ' The Streets of New York, It I *«is rough on the old man. f i However, I have something left, bat there ] are sufferers whose case calls for im mediate and practical sympathy. The Theatre Royal afforded employment to a great j number of people who are now thrown, upon | the world, absolutely without prospect of a livelihood. There is no other theatre in the city which can be opened to afford them employment, and theatricals in Baliarat Geelone, Sandhurst, and those places we, as you know, a dead letter. This theatre is bespoken for opera, and I really do not think any other house is to be got ready for dramatic j performances in less than six months. I con fess that I cannot see how a great body ot tne employes at the Theatre Royal nien with large families, and hitherto only receiving scanty just sufficient to eke out a subsistence upon-are to maintain themselves and their belongings in the meantime. Ladies and gentlemen,-I have, on behalf of the pro fession, to return our heartfelt thanks for tne patronage bestowed upon the cricket match Sis day; and I trust that the public will sup port us in the performances at this theatre during next week, when there will be a change of programme each evening. I cannot retire without expressing the deep obligation under .which we all feel to Mr. Lyster for the generous manner in which he came forward and offered us the use of this house. We have also to thank the numerous professionals who bave offered their gratuitous services, and the gentlemen who have started a subscrip tion. One gentleman, I believe, heads the list with 10 guineas, and among the other subscribers is a Church of England clergyman from whom I had myself the pleasure of receiving a contribution of three guineas lor the fond." As a matter of course there was much ^mring at the end of this address, especially when the announcement was made of the contribution by the clergyman. It might get that clergyman into a difficulty with his bishop if his name were made known. Never theless, it would be a good thing if one could know who he is, GO as to shake him by the and tell him how greatly beyond his order he is. On Monday the programme included "The Colleen Bawn," with Miss Carrie George as Eily O'Connor, and Mr. Carden as Myles na-Coppaleen. Miss George has been a long time absent from the Melbourne I stage, more is the pity, because she is a pleasant actress, whom it is always agreeable to see. Mr. Carden's Myles is a good bustling without bong need* Jessly demonstrative. On Tuesday the Glas cott amateurs repeated their performance of "Caste." The night was bleak and boisterous, the attendance in consequence scanty. Against tod weather, not even the claims of benevolence, and so good a comedy as "Caste" f*n prevail. Bat Bliss Shepparde more confirmed the good impres sion she made last week, by her per* formance of the part of Esther, and riirmgTi she played it. to a very thin house, the audience was a discerning one, and recognised her weritsacoordingly. Miss Shepparde's merits have also been recognised by the Lyster, Stewart; and Hennings management, who have engaged her for the commencing ®n Monday next. It is complimentary to Miss Shepparde tfaat» although she is not an operatic actress, her talents have been thought sufficiently gnat to make it worth the while of an opera tic management to secure her services. The Bayless company have returned from Tasmania, and contemplate . provincial tour of six weeks, commencing at Baliarat on Monday next It is understood that (he n»fthwf«i success of the venture southward has been considerable, so much so that Mr O'Bfien is thinking, at the end of the present, aeason, of taking another company over to fmnmh to fill up the time until his occu pancy o! the -Princess's, in August next, commences, lbs. Gladstone, it is said,will? go toKew Zealand, and possibly thenoe bftck to California. j Mr, and his pleasant companions i have to apf* fit Geoige's-hall, to make loom lor the Royal Company. It will be a aort of negati ve satisfaction to Mr. Rickards and his friends, th*t they bave not had to dose tbeit house for lack of patronage, because they are as much upon the 'flood tide ^success »» they were the first wee]c,4hqy opened, So Hr as can be, i#Blid(w»OB up to the mlght go on till Dooms ~ . -;J0ou<4piie rto fcttow, did not I feared. - " the worse for it. The paltry thieves who gather on these occasions of alarm, had stolen what they could pick up in the way of "portable propertybat the articles of most value were untouched, and, curiously enough, the entomological collection, which was in the greatest danger, received no iDjary at all. The iconoclasts had danced upon the model of Ballarat, and trodden it almost out of recognition, giving it the appearance of having been a good deal earthquaked, bat generally the collection looked much as usuaL A feature in the exhibition is now the open door looking into the black rains of the Theatre RoyaL The gaunt walls and the crushed down beams and rafters, look very melancholy and grim, especially by night, and one can imagine the place tenanted by the ghosts of all the characters that have been murdered there. The rains are not picturesque, they are only ugly and dismal, but they revive thousands of recollections, both painful and pleasant There is a long history yet to be written of the Theatre Royal, and nothing is more suggestive of its interesting past than these black ruins. The news from New Zealand tells of Mr. Frank Weston being on a wizard oil tour, and amusing his audiences while at the same time he advertised bis nostrums. On the 14th inst he was at Dunedin, his announce ments informing die public of that city that he would " Dig down and speak a piece, trouble to commence at 8 o'clock." In that city at the same date Miss Dolly Green and Mr. Small, "assisted by Mr. Charles O'Brien," were giving entertainments. Mr. Hoskins and Miss Colville had succeeded at the Theatre Royal, Christcharch, to Mr. and Mrs. Tavares, and were playing with great success in a piece entitled "The King's Rival" Mr. and Mrs. Tavares were at the Canterbury Music hall in the same town giving readings in character. 