It is owv albout vthiry yars ago that I nd mIy husband, not long after o~r marriage, weut on a visit to Lawford Hall, an old house near Rugby, which I had long desired to see. I remember I posted alone .from Coventry, near Which town we had been staying, as my hus biand had gone on two days before to at teind "some county races, where the Law fords weire running a favourite horse, and to go hunting the next day with the old baronet. At thelast Warwickshire house in which we had been staying, I had picked up one wet day, in the library, an old book of trials which contained allu sions to Lawford Hall. 'or three hours in a cozy nook of that old Elizabethan room where Vandyke's cavaliers seemed longinig to come out of their frames to talk to you-I sat absorbed over a strange and terrible poisoning case which had made all Warwickshire shudder sixty years before. There are days when the brain seems unusually sensitive to imr pressions, and all the details of this ciime, from some reason or another, be came printed, or, I may rather say, pho to.graphed on my retina, with a sharpness and vividness that was almost painful. I saw the great plumed bed where the rich I??ni lay" again the thin Hogarthian flgure of the younger step.brother, in the old costume, stole with silent foot through the shadow of the broad oak staircase, and past the curtained-bed to the mantel-. piece where the long row of bottles stood. I saw the thi"i trembling white hand, wvith the lace ruffle all but covering it, re move half the contents of one phial and substritute the laurel water, that he had distilled, with cruel care, in his own lockell-up room. I heard the dreadful -pry of the dying man as his step-brother beat over hiim. I could hear the ringing hoofs of the docter's horse as it .cam' racing up the .ugby Road. I could see the grave face of the man in black as he stood by the bedside, and, raising the cold waxen head let it fall again, uttering only those few solemn words, 'It is too late; \ he is dead.' Then I followed the surgeon" down to_ the wainscqted parlour, where the murderer with hypocritical grief told his planned story of the cause of his biother's fit, and With subtle craft evaded any examination of the body. I tracked the ppisoner to the quiet autumn garden, where he eyed with a bitter smile, as he passed, the laurel from whence he had picked the fatal leaves. I heard him stop and tell with exultation the old gardner, who was resting on his spade, 'that it would be easy days with the,old servants now, not as in Sir Edward's time, and that he had long worked to be 2master of Lawford Hall, and was so at ldst.' 2 I watched him. tremble when the letter came from his brother's friend, Eteinly and coldly desiring that, the body * should be examined ; step by step, indeed, I-followed that soft-spoken, decorous, cat-like, cruel villain, till I left him with irons round his small wrists, while the mourning coach was preparing that was to take him to the Warwick gibbet, still lying, still unrepentant, still denying, in spite of the countless proofs of guilt that from earth, water, and air, had been drawn to cover him with shame. I saw him. also in the dead of the night previous, when the grim keepers were asleep, steal from his pillow, throw -himself. on his knees, so seldom bent to God, and unite his -thin fettered hands in passionate prayer to the Judge of all, and I hoped that even- at that last morent .he had. found mercy. . . These sconeb again rose in my mind as, after hours of heavy rain, the sun shonie outijust as the post-chaise swept round a ttrir of the road, past New bold, into Tittle Lawford. The light -glittered on the yellowing leaves of the lime trees and flickered upon the wet gables of the house. It was a stately, npelancholy building, half Tudor half classic, and the huge Elizabethanporch contrasted unpleasantly with, the ugly square windows of the Geoigian era, that were rendered'more hideous by the picturesque oriels that here and there were left. There was a solid comfort about the heavy stone mullions that the flimsy modern'window sashes of Dutch invention -could not touch, and I regretted that the oldhousse hiad been so awkwardly patched.' Just to the right of the porch there was an old Tudor window that especially struck my eye. It was overhung with a Yirginian creeper, whose leaves were already turning scarlet, The moment I glanced at that window, a scene of the old trial canme into my thoughts. It was below that room that the poisoner stood that April morning and called, in his gay, areiless way, to his sister, to ask her if she was reaby for the ride before break fast. She had just been to her brother's room to give him the fatal medicine, and had left hi a as she thoughe asleep.- The window opened on a passage between her ronio and that of the mirdered man, and. she heard her brother call to her as she passed back from one room to the.pther. 'I shall be ready in a quarter of an hour,' she called from the window,, upon which he went to. the ~table, mounted -his bay mare, which was already saddled and rode off to the Wells. Five minutes after the sister returned to her brothor's room, and found him in the agnies of death--... . -. - As the postchaise swept round the drive to the front entratce, I observe on the right the dial court, of which I had read, with the great iron gates, leading into the garden. It was there the poisoner had stood, the night ,he distilled the laurel wateri talking to two tenants who had come to see his sick brother. Stately as the house was, guarded by its avenue of limes and girt with its broad gardens, I could not help fancying that a curse still )ested upon it. There was a malign, un happy look about it that weighed on my. too active imagination, so that a curious presentiment of some impending evil came over me, as the great bell, dragged from its socket, gave forth a clamorous jang ling clong, that seemed to echo through endless passages with a querulous clam our that I thoiught would never cease. The dinner was dull. Lady Lawford, whom I had found so delightful, so charming, so vivacious at Paris, seemed oppressed with the social difficulties of her county position, and to be unequal to the task of entertaining:alone a gather ing of such local pomposities. Some secret trouble, some sorrow seemed to have fallen tipon her. She had an ab sent manner, and oftei rela psed into em biarassing silences. The local doctoe, the local solicitor, the rector, two or three ld m.aids, and some shy country squires' daughters, were all -hat she had to amuse; but still she failed to amuse them. The Meet had been a long way off, and my husband and hers were not expected till late. Once or twice during dinner she rather alarmed me, by mentioning the dangerous country they. would that day ride over. She hoped all were safe. We ladies were just rising to go to the evident delight of the doctor, the rector, and the solietor, when we heard a sound of voices in the hall,,a scuffling, ani then a groan, At that moment Sir Edward Lawford, in a soiled scarlet coat, entered hurriedly, looking rather pale and anxi ous, and with one hand in a sling. ' Mr. Dobson', said he to the doc.or, who instantly pricked up his ears, 'we *want your help at once. A. poor follpw has been thrown, and a good deal hurt.' - Then seeing me, his face grew graver; he advanced to me and offered his hand> 'My dear Mrs. H ', he said 'yqu? mustn't be alarmed, but your husbande has been thrown in tryiing a gate,.his-1 shoulder is put out, and one of his ribs I'm afraid of--buti it will b-i all right directly. I remember no one, thy tol afte. wards that I fainted. By natuie I was strong-nerved, but from Sir Edward's manner I formed an immediate notion that- my. husband was dangptously tn jured, and so indeed it proved. It was a week before rhy husband was out of danger. He had dislocated his sho~ulder and .broken two ribs, besides receiving a painful injury, on his knee cap. I watched him day and night, and gave him myself the narcotics that were required to give him the necessary sleep, for aneitralgi6. affection attendod soome of the contusi as, aid a low fever fol-. lowed, to allay which rest was indis pensable. "-It waS" the niznth day, if I remember right,.-that, pale, anxious, and exhausted by want of sleep, I came for the first time sinpe my husband's accident to take my doleful seat at the dinner table.• Sir Edward .was very frank and cordial; untiring in his attentions to me, an.t in his sympathy for me. ' Most unfortunate !' he said, ' and just at the beginning of the hunting sea son too --at the end one would not care -,I was so anxious to show him how asraight our set here rode. Tell him, poor fellow, when he gets better, rhat we've had to shoot Parepa she'd broken her leg just aboye the fetlockl---but I'd rather hav'e shot all my stud than have had him bowled over like that.'. :There is no danger now, T assure you', said the everlasting country doctor, who seeemed perennial at Lawford Hall banquets. Iassure you on my honour, as a professional man' if he is only care ful, and we can keep up this artificial sleep without injury to his sanguineous ciirculation and his digestive organs. ' Ah! this riding, like the driving of Jehu, the son of Nimshi, Sir Edwaid', said the equally perennial rector, ' is very much on the increase with our country aristocracy, and is likely, I fear, to be attended with most terrible casual ties. Where do you get your Moselle, Sir Edward? The inevitable old- maid sisters uttered ther usual exclamations whenever the accident was alluded to, of 'Shocking- shocking !. Oh, dlear, it is dreadful, to. think of- . .. . I bore it as long as I could, but that last eveninga? century in itself-was no bad preparation to a year at the hulks. Oh, that never ceasing sonata of Beet hoven' beaten out iwith remorseless exactitude by the rector'i" conscieiitious daughter, oh! the wearisomeness of that striicly sientific rubber at which I ,s sisted as in a dream. At last the play-i ing grew sleepier' and sleepier; Sir Ed ward, tired with foxhunting, fell assieP as the cards were being.shuffled, and I gave an internal three times three whien the servant announced' the first carriage, and Lady Lawford said : ' Well, I think wer're all gettrng-sleepy together; so perhaps we'd better go to bged.' (To lie continued.) 