SCHOOL CHURCH, LEFEVRKS ' PENINSULA. It is rather more than 12 months since a preliminary meeting was held on Lefevre's Peninsula to discuss the desirability of erecting an Et-iscoDalian dace of worshiD in that raoidlv increasing neighbourhood. The Rev. S. Green, of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, had some time before inaugurated a Sabbath-school in a build ing used as a day- school, and the number of children attending warranted the belief that a sufficiently large congregation would be found to justify the erection of a suitable struc ture. About the same time Mr. Green also established a day- school in connection with the Church, and it was thought that a place might be built which would serve the purposes of both. Accordingly a Committee was appointed to collect subscriptions, and an eligible site having been obtained at the bend of the road to the Semaphore, Mr. E. J. Woods was commissioned to prepare a design. The tender of Mr. J. Williams was accepted for £430, and the result has been the rearing of a neat structure. It is of Dry Creek stone, with cement dressings, and measures 40 feet x 22 feet exclusive of the chancel, whichis 15 x 14. The roof isiron, and on each gable is an ornamental cross. The school chapel has an entrance porch in front. The interior is neatly finished, having an open roof, the timbers and lining of which are, varnished. In the chancel is a circular window of stained glass, which has a pleasing effect. The work has been carried out in a manner which does credit alike to the builder and architect. The opening service and dedication took place on Thursday afternoon, January 11, when there. was a large attendance. The Bishop and the following clergymen took part in the proceedings: — Dean Russell, Archdeacon Maryatt, Canon Dove, and the Revs. C. W. Morse, E. Jenkins, and J. Pollitt. A procession led by the Rev. S. Green was formed at the building hitherto used for the school,, and con sisted of the Sabbath scholars with banners, the teachers, the choir in surplices, the ministers, and the Bishop. These walked to the church singing a processional hymn. At the porch the children opened out, and the clergy and choiristers walked to the chancel, and on the hymn being concluded the Rev. S. Green conducted choral evensong to the end of the Third Collect, Mr. J. Newman presiding at the harmonium. Psalms viii., cxix., 1 to 17, and cxvii. were chanted, and the Rev. Mr. Morse and Canon Dove read the Lessons. Tho 64th Hymn was then sung, after which the Bishop repeated the Lord's Prayer, and intoned the following, the choir chanting the replies :— V. Our help is in the name ef the Lord. ; R. Who hath made heaven and earth. V. O God, make speed to save us. R. O Lord, make haste to help us. V. Teach me, O Lord, the way of Thy statutes. ' R. And I shall keep it unto the end. V. Give me understanding, and I shall keep Thy law. R. Yea. I shall koep it with my whole heart. V. Lord, hear our prayer. R. And let our cry come unto Thee. The Bishop then offered prayer as follows: — Almighty and Merciful God, graciously bow down Thine ear to the petitions of Thy humble servants, hallow with the might of Thy blessing this Echoolhouse, erected for the instruction of Thy children, and vouchsafe the gift of Thy grace to all who come to learn within it, that they may grow up in Thy faith and fear, and obtain remission of all ' their sins, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O God, the Holy Ghost, pour down, we gray Thee, Thy mercy upon Thy pastors and teachers, who shall minister in this place, that they may be blessed and hallowed by Thy presence, and that the fulness of Thy sevenfold gifts may rest upon all Thy children, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. After the 363rd Hymn had .been sung, His Lordship addressed the congregation. ' He alluded to _ the importance of children being educated with a knowledge in the great truths contained in the Scriptures, and the duty of parents to train them to a knowledge of their duty to God and to their neighbour. He re marked that lives must be a failure which were not in preparation ? for eternity, and it was necessary that religion and education should go hand in hand. He rejoiced that a building had been completed in which instruction would be offered to children, and that on the Lord's Day an opportunity would be afforded so that the community might be brought together to hear the Word of God. In the education the greatest care would be exercised to prevent giving offence to those who could not see with them eye to _ eye. He prayed that the blessing of God might rest upon the - building and all assembled therein. The 368th Hymn was sung, and the Bishop pronounced a benediction. The Recessional Hymn No. 229 was sung as the congregation departed. In the evening the chancel was partitioned off with a curtain, and a musical and literary entertainment was given in aid of the Building Fund. The room was well filled, and the Bishop presided. The programme consisted of songs by Misses -Themas and Macgrath, Mrs. Walters, Messrs. Hawker, Crcoks, and Dashwood, and some interesting as well as amusing readings by the Bishop, the Dean and the Rev. S. Green. The whole of the pieces were heartily applauded, and in some instances encored. At the close Mr. Green asked for a vote to the Bishop for bis services during the after noon in the more serious ceremony and that evening. It was not the first time he had helped the parish, and the proposer hoped it would not be the last. Carried by acclamation. His Lordship said the kind way in which they had appreciated the small duties he had performed had taken him aback. He thanked them sincerely, arid expressed the great pleasure it afforded to see clergy and laity working together for the purposes of religion and ' education. He saw nothing inconsistent in uniting harmless amusement with higher duties, and hoped in good time to meet them again. Tie Rev. S. Green then proposed thanks to those who had assisted in the entertainment. He had been indebted to them on previous occasions in connection with a similar buildiDg at Alberton, and trusted sooe to have similar gatherings with a view to the restoration of that very ugly building, St. Paul's Church, '. Port Adelaide. (Applause.) ? The National Anthem brought successful pro ceedings to a close. ; 