THE GENERAL ELECTION. NEW NORFOLK. SIR. SHOOBRIDGE AT GRETNA GREEN. [From a Correspondent.] On Monday evening last, Mr. Shoobridge addressed a crowded meeting at the Gretna Green Hotel. It was found necessary to adjourn to the hop-kiln, and 106 persons were counted present. The chair was occupied by W. Deane, Esq, of Belmont, who briefly introduced the candidate. On rising, Mr. SiiooninnaB was greeted with loud and prolonged applause, and there can be no mis- taking the feelings of the doctors at Gretna. After repeating many of the remarks which he made at the meeting held at New Norfolk recently, a report of which appeared in Thursday's issue, Mr. Shoo- bridge condemned in strong terms the action taken ( by the "Bixtoon," justly saying that, before they proceeded with their motion of want of confidence, they should have been prepared to govern themselves. This they could not do. Time after time they were sent for, and still they could not form a Ministry. They were asked to rescind their vote, but, persisting in their obstinacy, they involved the country in the unnecessary expense of a general election. Was this retrenchment ? When the sixteen who formed the majority had the power in their own hands, why did they not compel the Government to carry out the retrenchment which the people clamoured for And when the office of Minister of Lands and Works came under consideration, why did they not abolish the office if they thought it unnecessary. He was not in favour of one Ministry holding office for ever. He believes in having fresh blood in the house; but he did think that in this case the country had been put to unnecessary expense. If returned, be considered that it would be his duty to consult the doctors on any important question which might arise; and if at the next election they were not satisfied with his conduct in the House, he would support any other man who might possess their confidence. He would go in for retrenchment by amalgamating the offices as fast as possible. All the retrenchment that could be made he would go in for, and he would see that the public money was made to go as far as possible. Additional taxation was inevitable, but it should be made to press equally upon all CEsSOR of the community. Some said, let us got it from the Customs, but be said the Customs were taxed enough already. The time had now come for a property and income tax to be imposed, and in saying this he was speaking against his own interest, for properties men would have to bear the burden, He was in favour of a reduction in the Customs as early as possible, and would encourage all that would advance the best interests of the colony. (Cheers.) It had been asserted that he was pledged to support the Government, but " measures, not men, should always be his motto, and should always actuate his conduct, in the House. (Hear, hear, and prolonged cheering.) In answer to Mr. MILNE, Mr. Siioomunoi'. said that he would oppose any further COIICOSBÍOUB being made to the Main Line Company. In answer to a question put by the same gentleman, the candidate said he was heartily in favour of the same privileges (referring to waste lands) being granted to the native born of the colony as are now granted to foreigners. (2 You are the man for us," and loud cheers.) Mr. W. G. SALIER, in a humourous speech, proposed Mr. Shoobridge as a fit and proper person to represent the district. (Loud cheering.) V. BARKER, Esq, SA., seconded the motion, which was supported by Messrs. Milne, Wills, J. A. I. Taylor, and carried by an overwhelming majority. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting. - - RINGWOOD AND WEST DEVON. There is nothing now in election matters, if we except Mr. Alexander Clerke's announced candidature for Ringwood. This will, of course, necessitate his abandoning his threatened opposition to Mr. Charles Meredith in West Devon. Both gentlemen will now be probably returned unopposed. FRANKLIN. The returns for Port Esperance and Southport have not been yet received. At last election Mr. Young polled at Port Esperance 27 to his opponent's two, and the Southport four to two. These figures will not be materially altered on the present occasion. It was at Franklin that there was any fear of Mr. Young not maintaining li is a former position. But even there the result must have proved more unsatisfactory to those who in eight short weeks Baw occasion to labour for the defeat of the gentleman for whose return they then fought, than it has dunn to Mr. Young. The desertion of former supporters secured Mr. Young now friends, for while Mr. Bull polled at Franklin 11 more than did Mr. Balfe, Mr. Young on the present occasion polled only 4 fewer than he did in July. influence that was, therefore, boasted of as all powerful has been proved so insignificant that there is likely to be a greater loss of local prestige than Of diminished confidence in Mr. Young. [From a Correspondent After the two candidates had had their meeting at Franklin they made a progress through the southern portion of the district, Mr. Young ominously " taking the lead, and getting good meetings at Shipwrights' Point and Honeywood, at which places some of the most reliable men in the district are to be found and at Port Esperance and Southport, at the former of which places (he electors had spiritedly advertised, that, nearly to a man, they intended to vote for Mr. Young. The weather during the visit, was fearful, and the roads in such a state of ss to be by no means exempt from personal danger. Mr. Young rode through, but Mr. Ball went round the coast, and rather narrowly escaped a serious accident. The weather was awfully rough, and both the boat and the crew, as well as the cause in which he and his friends were embarked were rather " shaky," but at length, one of the planks of the boat started just at one of the most dangerous parts of the coast. Luckily the party being pretty close in shore, managed to scramble on to a firm footing. They had to walk nearly five miles before they could have one of the Huon barges, which brought them on to Shipwrights' Point. The excursionists must have been almost " used up " when they got back to Shipwrights' Point, having had nothing but the cold shoulder " to subsist on all through this eventful trip. Everywhere, like the the ancient Britons, "the barbarians (doctors) drove them into the sea, and the sea drove them back to the barbarians." Mr. Ball had called a meeting at 4 p.m. on Saturday, at the Picnic Hotel, Victoria, and Air. Young at 6 p.m. on the same day, and it is said to have been admirably arranged that Mr. Ivey should read " Growlor " till midnight, when they had got their men together, so as to render Mr. Young's meeting impossible. The men of the Upper Huon are not to be disposed of in this easy way, and if "Growlor" had witnessed how indignantly several of them repudiated the notion that " Growler " had any influence in the Upper Huon, he would have " collapsed " a little. Mr. Young managed to get up to this meeting, but Mr. Ball was detained below, much to the annoyance of the Upper Huon men, who had intended to throw both meetings into one, and make a fair comparison between the candidates. It was lucky for Mr. Ball that he was detained, for the surf buffetings at Police Point would have been nothing compared with the searching examination he would here have been subjected to on account of the vile deception which had been used in getting up the requisition to him. Mr. YOUNG was heard at length at the Victoria meeting, which was crowded, and many of those present who had been set against him came to, only by slow degrees, but at length having thoroughly satisfied themselves of the beauties of their former member the usual show of hands was carried without a single dissentient, and as the men of the Upper Huon do a thing earnestly when they set about it they gave him their hearty support. They felt however, that fate had not treated them quite kindly in depriving them of the fun they would have enjoyed had Mr. Bull put in an appearance. At length the welcome Sunday shed its soothing influence over the excited district ; the weather cleared up, and the calm before the coming storm was delightful. On Monday, the day of polling, both parties were early on the qui vive, and although the friends of Mr. Young felt confident as to the result, the misrepresentations which had been industriously scattered had evidently done their work, and it was expected that Mr. Young's former majority of 72 would be very considerably reduced. The electors were reticent as to the way they meant to vote. An unusual number required an unusual amount of time to " consider," but all came outright at Inst, and when the rough state of the poll was declared it was found to be, Young . 107 Ball . 90 I Majority. 17 Informal papers. '8 The remainder of the story is soon told. How Mr. Ball fairly distanced Mr. Young in the rapidity of his " return " to Hobart Town; how Mr. Young thanked his supporters, and how they assured him of their fidelity, if he ever came to be treated so unfairly again ; all those things will be recorded in this pleasant page of Huon history, which will be looked back on your hence as one of many instances when the men of the Huon have been called on to do their duty, and have done it. The election passed off with order and good humour. One serious accident, however, occurred. Mr. Jesse Haig, who came down from Hobart Town to vote, was riding in a spring cart along Franklin-street, when, from some cause, the cart was upset over the bank, and several other persons in the cart fell on Mr. Haig. It was soft ground, or life might have been lost. As it was Mr. Haig had his collar-bone fractured, and he was very much shaken. Mr. Walker, the surgeon, promptly attended, and reduced the fracture, and Mr. Haig went up to Hobart Town in I Mr. Young's carriage. THE NORTH. Our Launceston correspondent, writing on Monday night, says -ThenewsthatMr Wm Gibson had been (Wanted for Norfolk Plains was received in town this evening with great satisfaction Personally, he is anything but a popular man, and his action as one of the insults of the Rev. Thos Reibey, completely spoiled any chance he might otherwise have had Mr Hartnoll was an utterly unknown and untried man, who, in his address to the electors, expressed opinions quite as crude as those held by Mr. Houghton, the consequence being that Mr Houghton, of three Fowls being the least, was returned by a large majority Mr Theodore Bartley, of " King Theodore," as he is now called, has received a very large Roland for his small Oliver Air Douglas has replied to his dictatorial, insolent address to the electors of Tingal " in a manly letter, published this morning's paper, concluding in the following words -" lacking the courage to do this become a candidate for Parliament, cease to intrude where Your presumption is but regarded as insolent, your interference as impertinent " Mr Douglas seems very confident of the result of the election, but I many of those who wish him all the success in the world are doubtful on the subject Mr Alexander | Clerke has announced himself a candidate for Ring I wood This, I believe, is tantamount to a walk-over, as neither Mr R J Archer nor Mr Landale will stand a ghost of a chance against the veteran Mr Whitehead, as was anticipated, has been returned unopposed for Morven There are no other changes in " the situation," but now that the second batch of writs is out, I may shortly have some further political chit-chat THE NEW PARLIAMENT. MEMBERS ELECTED. FaitHobirt THOMAS CHAPMAN Central Hobart WM It Giiniv West Hobart TAMFH G KAY South Hobart WM Bil BIN North Hobart GEORGE SALIER Central Launceston cream 2 LrrrK South Launceston JAMES BARTLETT North Launceston JAMES Cqt Glenorchy Sill ItniiHHT OKHOER Glamorgan JOHN MITCHELL Cumbit land JOHN SwaN Brighton in May Uimrn Mon on J WHITMIEAU short ilkl'liiins i J Ilouuirros 'NON member THE CANDIDATES DECLARED. SECOND BATCH. Sorell JAMES A GUNN adopt" 20 Sept Clarence DAVID LEWIS 10 ,, 20 " New Norfolk ALEXANDER ltlDliocil 18 " 23, J UENFZEIt SlIOOIIIlinUK fingal W S F GLILIUKAND IS " 24, Anw DOUGLAS Deloraine SAMUEL SHOREY 10, 25 " SAMUEL, HENRY Oatlanili Give WitsilN, Jun 10 " 25 " Wellington WILLIAM MOORE 20 " 22 " M Astbury JOHN MILLAR 21, Q " Itlchmoml - 25 " all " THIRD MATCH. WcstDoion CHARLES Mt in DiTti 1 ml Dei on J M Door KV ItlllgWQOll I Al I \ANpMl CLERKE but by JAMES SCOTT Campbell Town GEO W KEACH ELECTION MEETINGS e, (Advertised in this morning's Mercury), soRELL Mr J A GUNN Featherstone H Rooms, Thursday, 11th Sept, 3 p m 