AMONO tiei varioll maltters which are to occupy the attltion of th0e Mliistry !luriIng the recoss, will be, according to Sir 11. Hobinson's speech al t the close of the session, anll Oll(]nicvour to Inakelo rll. raIllgeOlients for the establishment of a lile ol' stoall postal communicaltionl Ib1. tweeoo Sydney and Sal Francisco. Such ni service actually exists at tlo present litlu ; Lut lnotl by lt'l arrangollnlnOll to whlich the Glovernlumenl of this colony is it partly : Ianlld its continuallceO is there. l1ro to o is it more nlmatter of iocildelit. hlo mlllinlltulll o'f speedy lind re'guile clmmuunication with other iparts of the world, parlticularly wilh Groet JJritain, is a malltter, toe importalinc of whichli Iscarcely requires Oitherl' proof or' oillas. tratioan for the booefit ovenl of the 1011st instructedl of our pIopullltionl who lare aiware of the existence of thalt counlltry, and of its Ipolitical anld collillueroil il b. portlance. The soloetion, howevoer, of the es lil or lines-if 111or01' thanlll 0110one e reqilired-flor such cornlnlunii i-ntion, and thie OXplOnso at which it shill hIb clu'ried oli, thiese 11o tconsider'aition Os which do niolt Iawalkenl lrongollO r peoople inl general 1ify great intorost, alild still less of 'loliticll lagitationl. And yot ill the paridtlcilri' cirelillttltnulclO of' the colony the postal administration !night involve thlat frlltfill o01111U of dissatisfactlionl, the satcritice of ftI inyIlIy to the intoorsts m111d convenienceO of tihe few, 1V o i not tsy that aInythlig il thlnt branch of our llllhil's aIt presel' t gives cI1uso for l0ch1 aI tbolillu : but to lshow tlhe dillbronco inl the IllnIlllit of attllention which is bestowed uplon questions involviing per. 1ilps, itn equal degree of Inatorial or peflllliIrly ilpol'0rtance, it mllay bo worthll whlile to coanlrefo tilhe Inatter of our' In. tal polioy in curtaii ruespeclts with that of thle border euHLtomsll, Severall yeall's ago, l1nd at itl peliiod i gr?ao dpressioll. it was doetrmineld by II supli)illet ,gisll. lure to slipend tihe snii of t£5,000 per llnlllli Onil thle ostablishillOlnt of 'a postal riuto v111 i Iil lla1:. anIld ihoxon,1 bly ox. travlgant and absuird i thlllllo prlojuet waI, it waits clrried inito otllol, niot indeod with. oult sono rosistanln oil the part of it few mol'o economical, if not snore far'mighted pulblio luon, blut alt illy rato, without 1awalkilng oithe'r protest or opposilion frolll iity colleideorbls portion of' thel publio. Moro recently two colonies haIvo beeoon igitled and II dissolution of our own logislaturo brought about by the disclussion of 1i qucletion Ias to thil nililonut of ploieuniIry lo0 sustaineld by Now South Walios through the dtloiolley ill thl nlnoullt of collnuiltlotiOn llney paid by Viotoriai for tIll border dultie, St milght beo aid, na it nmay alwiys he said, that thlore wo II political pIrliiolll involvhed illn this lnlltor I but Ilfol it iwas It 1111'e questiion of profit aNd los,. IIl this view theo, PIIanIiOi munail 01holl1o delserved the llttntlion lad vigilnuoo of the ullic Io losl than the bordeor diutils 1l0oltion ; tnld initood an mu101h Inoro un tillh, 1stIu of ;.C5,000 exuouded lilly lamountll wo wore liklly to lose by thlloe colli tIIllnu of tho old ari'llgOnOllt with Viotorial, Moreover, thie waLto of thie I'ranlllat subsidy mnst e llvo ppla'edl, 'vo slhollId thlink to intelligenlt ?ntO to ha1o boon froom the fillt inoro cortaini, ina woll in mo1101' sNorlon than anlly loss i,. volved in thi bordor Ilrralngulnttll, i'lhoro is ino Panaa suoarn, (miutly,? n th1e cardls jIusl iow I anld tholls whll woro chlefly ooneorlned llI promoting it doubtlatIO think the lOss nlid of it the ettlor, But pslt oerrora aro one grust source of instrnction to those who are capable of learning : and a community which fails to remember such and so re. cent examples' of extravagance, desorvos to become the victim of future mis. management. The Forvico was to have continlued r live yeors wsith a subsidy fronm this colony of .55,000 a year. It actually subsisted for about three yeaours: and though it is now, we dare say, but seldom in the linds of people in gone. ral, the amount thus squandered was one of the principal component parts of that over.rocurring deficit, which has fur nished ouly too cogent a roeson for the imposition of such vexatious taxes as the stamp duties, and others of which people are reminded often oenough. We do not undertako to say that the Panama scheme was a flagrant job : but in its operation it certainly answerod to the description of measures which con. for on advantago on the few at the ex. pe?soe of the many. A return laid be. fore Parlialment showed that the cost of each letter despatched from the colony by the route in question was 8e. Id.; and the cost of ouch letter received was £3 18s. td. It is to be presumend, wo suppose, that those who imado use of it wore the most active inl promoting its establishlnilt; and they certainly obtained their grati fication at a rather unreasonable cost to the public. Hlad the present member for Kiinma beeni in the logislaturo when this schemeno was on foot, he would cor. tainly, by his opposition, have entitled himself to the credit, too commonly overlooked, of having opposed in vain a mrost ill.ladvised and oextravagant expeo. diture. Mr. Stowart portinaciously op. posed the resolutions introduced at the end of last. Imolth by \Mr. Watson, and passed by thlo Assembly after ia long and animated debate in fivour of a now pro. ject fbr lineo of postal communication with nnd through America. 'The Go. vernmn l t are taking proliminary, iand, we suppose, tentative stops for the ostub. lishment of this now service, the advo. cates of which do not, indoeed, opeon their mouths to the tune of £55,000, solme of thlem professing to believo tfht twelve or thirteen thousand will be the total cost to Now' South VWales. At some such cost as this"it might, perhaps, be worth while to establish an altornative line, thougli. the existing servico via Suez reolves ,wo believe, from this co lony, it subsidy of £83,000 per innulll. But the ghost of the Panama businoss evidently looms large in lMr. Slowort's imagination, and ho will not believe thlat the Ministry, if' loft to the exercise of any lamount of'" discretion," will stop short of commilltting the colony to an ox. ponditilro of less than £50,000 a year; and he problbly remembers that Mr. Parkes was chiefly instrumental in pro curing the establishment of the Panlmn routo. Among other strokes of argument more or less teolling, he liunted the bli. nistry with thleir willingness to under. take this exponditure at the very lmoment whoen they were pleading that they could not afford to repoal the postal charge on nIoewspllplers, niotwithstanding thle fro qu(ntly expressed desire of the Premier to abolish it. Mr. Stowart could not even eo silenced by the arguneout that his own constituents would be furnished by the establishment of the proposed line with the opportunity of sending their produce to the Californian market. " Did the honorable memnber (Mr. Wat son) think the farmors of Khiamn were anxious to have thel rest of the colony taxed at the rule of £50,000 per annumi in orlder that they might got i penny a pound oxtra upon theoir butter P The people of Kilmna wore too respootable for that; and they would be tIe Ilast people in the world to advocato" such an impost for such an object, For our part, though not violoently olpposed to the establish. illellt of thi San Francisco routo on strictly moderato terms, we are not dis. posed in this instance to quarrel either with Mr., Stewart's caution or his coo. norvy. 