The topic of immediate interest is the composition of the new Ministry, but -we confess that we are more solicitous to know what its policy will be. Of course we must wait for the pub lication of Mr. Francis's address to the eleotors of Richmond for precise information on that point ; but there must, even at the present stage of the proceedings, be in existence some rough Bketch of the line of policy contemplated. We cannot take the antecedents of the future Chief Secre tary or any of his probable col leagues as a reliable guide in making a forecast of the pro gramme of the session, for the exigencies of office require great sacri fices, and effect strange transformations of opinion, not only as to what' is expedient but as to what is right. A member may conscientiously hold differ ent views in office from what he held when in opposition, not merely because of the change in his point of view, but because in his new position he learns new facts and finds out old fallacies. He is even apt to go from one extreme to another, and to be wrong in both. This is the case not merely in Australia, for examples are quite as plentiful in England and other settled down com munities. Even on the education ques tion we cannot divine tho policy of the new Ministry from the utterances of those who are named as likely to be in it, for their views take rather an ex tensive range. One thing is certain, that in the new Administration educa tion will not be an open question. Even in regard to protection there is no room for doubt, for ol. hough each individual will bo at liberty to cling to his favorite theory, there must not be disunion when anything is required to be done. This necessity was recognised in the Duffy Ministry, which comprised three free-traders out of nine, and that too at a time when protective legislation was the ordor of the day. There is at the present time a singular dearth of fiscal ques tions involving commercial theories. There was not a single item in the Duffy programme itself upon which protectionists and free-traders could get up a fight. But such halcyon days will not last long, for however poli ticians may preach finality a restlessly progressive community will insist on having its wants attended to. There is not likely to be any discussion on the subject of the legalisation of mining on private property, which all parties recognise as a necessity. It ib, perhaps, on the question of railway construction and mail communication, in respect to both of which the Duffy Ministry miserably failed, that the quality of the new Administration will be roost severely tested. "With respect to gauge a strong case will be made out in favor of making no alteration with re spect to the lines already authorised, connecting a3 they do at two pointB with the existing railway. This may be granted without admitting that the five feet three gauge should be adhered to in carrying out such independent undertakings as tho Black and GippB Land lines. But something will bo expected from the Ministry with regard to what should be done in railway con struction after the completion of the lines now in hand. What is wanted is a continuous railway policy, instead of the spasmodic efforts which have here tofore sufficed. The M'Culloch settle ment of .£200,000 a-year is no longer adequate, and may soon fail. It would be better to bor row half-a-million a-year for rail ways, and apply the £200,000 to other urgent public works of a leas decidedly reproductive character. We do not say that the Government should at once take more railways in hand ; but neither should they wait till the rail ways in hand are completed. They should be prepared to go on with another new -line so Boon as the North eastern is finished. The Ararat and Maryborough lines may be looked upon as one affair, and if the contracts for them are entered into at once, there will be an obvious advantage in having another new line in readiness to bo proceeded with so soon as the men and plant now employed oa the North eastern are set free. The Duffy Ministry promised a great deal about railways, but promises do not constitute a policy. With respect to mail con veyance, it is scarcely possible that the Ministry coming into office can blunder so egregiously as the one now going out. There are two lines of policy, either of which should, in the present state of things, satisfy the public. The first is to organise and adequately BubBidise an efficient service of full power steamers by the ditcct ocean route. The second is to abolish subsidies altogether. One or other of these things should be done. If sub sidies are to be given, the Gape route has a preferent claim. If subsidies be abolished, the steamers by the ocean route will not have to compete at a disadvantage with those on the Red Sea route. There would be no oVjec- tion to an increase in the rate of payment for the conveyance of mails all round, at so much per letter, sub ject to conditions as to regularity and speed of transit ; but the continuance of a special subsidy to the P. and O. Company while a more beneficial route is neglected cannot be longer tolerated. These are the questions which call for action, and which will demand the ex ercise of high powers of enlightened and liberal statesmanship. We do not in vite attention to them as bearing on the formation of a Ministry by Mr. Francis or any other member of the Assembly. But in tho interests of the public and of Australian as well as Victorian progress, the time is oppor tune for pointing them out as matters of vital importance, the discussion and determination of which no Administra tion which can be formed will be allowed to evade. Members of Parliament wore as plentiful ob autumn leaves in Vallombroaa, or swallows in sntnmor, about Collins-streot during tbe forenoon of yesterday. There was a good deal of the want-to-know-you-know business on tbe part of outsiders ; and, on tbe part of bon. members, a good deal of shrugging of tbe shoulders, with tho myste rious nod whioh says " But that we are forbid, we could a talo unfold ;" or "We could an' if wo would," ao they listened plaoidly, with their headB on one Bide, and hands in their pockets, to the prognostications of fho quid nuncs. Hon. members are immensoly ele vated in Importance by playing the listeners, at snch times, to little groups of talkers. Other hon. members, as to whom nobody wonld dream of thoir boing " wanted" in any shape, were seen rolling about in Han soms, with anxious countenanocs, to or from the direotion of tho Treasury. It is amus ing to watch M.Ps., the regular Collins- street gentlemen, at these junoturcs. Unfortunately, the Collins-street gentlemen are very seldom Bent for, and when they are they disappear from Collins-Btreet. The parties with whom there oonld be no mistake about the correctness of their information were invisible yestorday, albeit one or two of these are Collins-street hauntors, and loquaeiouB ones, too, when at large. It will bo within the remembrance of onr readers that a few months ngo a number of persons calling themselves the London Dialectical Society undertook some careful experiments to determine, if possible, the truth and causes of the so-called spiritual manifestations, and that they pnblished a report, to whioh, if we are right, some of the members of the sooioty took exception, and thereby raised a feeling of suapioion in many of the genuineness of the inqnlry. Just recently, however, Mr. Edward Cox, a member of this society, has pnblished a pamphlet entitled, Spiritualism answered by Science, in whioh he attempts to show that supposing the manifestations are real, they can be acoounted for on scientific grounds, without dragging in any such absurd hypothesis as that tho material tables, ohairs, &o.; are hurled about by spirits, and that the troubled ghost of Sir Robert Peel is sometimes engaged in giving Mr. Tyerman lectnros on Political Economy. Tho writer gives an aoconnt of the various experiments tried by tho soolety, and the teBtB applied to ascertain whether the gene rally received notions about imposture fle. ception, &o.; oonld be upheld ; but, eayl j,. "we were compelled reluctantly to the cool elusion that thcro is a force apparently pro. ceoding frem tho human organisation by whioh motion is produced in heavy sai,. stances without tho employment of any mu«- cular force and contact, or material con. nection of any kind between snch anbatancet and the body of any person present," It was evident also that theso motions wero directod frequently by Borne intelli. gcnco ; the question was, what intelligence! Tho spiritualists, by an amazing atrotch of orcdulity, say by the spirits. Jfr Cox, aftor his inquiries, sayB by tho intelli' gence of tho medium, who is a person poaeea- sing an abnormal amount of animal m.. notism, or psychio force. This force, he contends, is possessed to eome degree by every person, and ib a force whioh proceeds from, oris directly associated with, the hu. man organisation, can cause motion in heavy bodies, and produce audible sound: jn 8ncjI bodies without muscnlar contact. A writer to tho Popular Science JRcviao (pr. Richardson) contends that there is a nerve, ether or fluid encompassing our bodies, which varies in intensity in various persons, and that by this ether tha motion of tho molecules of the nerves transmits sensations and tho commandsof the will to external substances. In further proof of tho idea that the controlling In. tolligence is that of the medium, the writer draws attention to the fact that tho manifes tations almost invariably partake oi eome special characteristics pecnliar to each Indi vidual medium. Henoe it is that we find somo spiritualistic teachings indicating euch looseness of morals and teaohing licentious ness, whon utterod by snch porsons as the notorious Andrew -Tackson Davis, and again comparatively pure from the lips of saah men as William Howitt. Although It would bo premature to Bay that Mr. Cox's ideas are proved facts, yet his investiga tions and dednctions are valuable, inasmuch as thoy bring forth a mass of evidence in favor of an explanation of tho manifesta tions much to bo preferred to that of spiritism, and place beforo spiritists somo difficulties which they must remove before thoir theory can be accepted as correot. His pamphlet corroborates to somo extent the theory which Dr. Crooke has placed beforo the publio. Notwithstanding the power of tho publican interest in England, the assaults that are being made against it in the House of Com mons, aro bonnd sooner or lator to consider ably weaken its influence in the country. Shortly beforo tho mail left thoro wero two bills before Parliament, each having for its objeot the better regnlation of the liquor traffio. Ono was a Government, the other a private, measure ; and thongh in a party sense, ono was in political antagonism to tho other, they both by different methods aimed to accomplish the same ond. The fiasco the GladBtono Cabi net mado last year in endeavoring to aooommodate the publicans on tho one hand und tho Alliance on tho other has, this session, been avoided. The principle on whioh tho new bill lias been framod is that tho liquor traffic must bo regulated by strin gent provisions before any attempt to be suc cessful can bo made to largely curtail tbe - traffic by pormissivo legislation. That drunkenness rather than the consumption of drink must be repressed, and that to this end therefore the statute fines for intoxica tion muBt be incroosod, and tho punishmeot made heavy for selling liquors, proved by analysis, to bo injuriously adulterated. M«- tropolitan publichouses, it is provided, shall oloso at midnight, and not open until seven tho noxt morning. Thero aro some woak points, howevor, in tho Govcrnmont measure, as for instance tho inspeotorship of publio houses, only one inspector being al lotted to every 100,000 inhabitants, and thero is no definition of the term " traveller,'' so that tho night closing clause would be practically a dead letter. The private bill beforo Parliament was one by Sir Selwin Ibbotson on the satno model as the Govern ment meosnre, and like it was designed to mako tho traffic in liqnor honoBt in lieu of crushing out tho trade altogether. Tbe provisions of the private bill made the penalties for infringement of the law heavier, and contemplated tho possibility of the liquor trade existing without material social Injury to the people. It will be seen that neither tho Government nor Sir Selwin Ibbotson oourted tho alliance either of tbe teetotallers or tho publicans ; that, while they attempted as far as possible to protect tho liquor drinkers, they dealt in no harsh spirit with the publioan, nor forgot that a fundamental principle of the Alliance is tbe suppression of tho viae of drunkenness. The first fruit of the attempt at legis lation has been tho collapse of Sir Selwin Ibbetson's bill in the Commons, through the opposition of tho Alliance party, who rofuso to bo satisfied with anything short of a pormissivo law. The other mea sure originated in tho Lords has yet to run tho gauntlet of the Commons ; and as it is moro favorable to the pnblioans than the Ibbotson Bill, the probability is that it will pass, tho opposition of tho Alliance not withstanding. 