CHAPTER XXX. THE SXOWSTOnil. " Gentlemen, j ou cannot go across the country to- night. The coach itself, I doubt me, will not be able to get far, let alone you, who have to walk, and on a worse road. Better remain and spend the night here" These words were addressed by the landlord of the village inn at which, on the morning of his escape from the mine, George had joined the coach by which to journey south He and Harry had just returned by tbe same conveyance The coach after setting them aown ana changing horses had pro- ceeded on its way, and the two youths, after an- nouncing to the landlord that they meant to pu»h on immmediately for Ardgowan, were standing at the door of the inn looking dubiously at tbe thickly fall- ing snow which the rising wind was sending hissing past. It was at this juncture that the landlord ad- dressed them as above, and though his opinion and advice-the one so decidedly expressed, the other so earnestly given -were partly offered with an eye to business, they bad m the aspect of the weather much to recommend them The afternoon was fast closing in upon a night which threatened to be a wild one Snow bad fallen steadily from before noon, but with quiet gentle nesB, now, however, the wind was rising with loud and angry sough, the air had grown more bitterly cold, the snow- flakes were becoming smaller and harder, while the dark sky and heavily laden atmos- phere completed these signs of a fierce wintry storm lu these circumstances, it is not wonderful that the landlord advised the two travellers to tarry at the inn for the night But little did he know what haste and impatience they were in to reach the end of their journey So near as they were now to Ard- gowan, nothing would induce them to remam for another night in ignorance of the fate of Lilias Perhaps that fate depended on their reaching Ard- gowan that evening Would they, then, be deterred by a threatened snowstorm from pressing forward ? Such a course was not to be contemplated for a moment Forward they must go, at whatever hazard Nevertheless, as they looked up into the darkling air, they were not insensible to the diffi- culty of walking over the five miles of cross road, exposed as a considerable portion of it was to the full fury of the blast where it intersected the wide moor " We must proceed," said Harry m answer to the landlord's observation " Can j ou not give us a horse and gig to go the distance ?" " Impossible, gentlemen," was the reply, " such a thing is not to be had in this little place 1 have no horses m the stable but those that have come with the coach, and they are too tired to do more to-night even if I had a gig to yoke one into " " Then we must walk," said George "Of course we must," added Harry, "and the sooner we go the better." " Bless ye, sirs, you must never think of it," said the landlord, with anxious seriousness "Hear ye bow the wind is roaring, and Bee ye how the snow comes down ?" " Only a passing blast-it will soon be over," re- joined Harrj. " I doubt that, sir, I much doubt that. In fact, sir, I am certain we are to bave a whole night of it Everything points to that." " Say you so P" exclaimed George " Then we can- not be too soon upon the road " " You are determined to go then ?" " Yes, absolutelj We have no choice, for we »mai be at Ardgowan to-nigbt " "You'll never make it, sir The wind is in jour face-the snow will be drifting- and the road will soon be blocked. If you get to this side of the moor, that will be the utmost of it, for to croas the open is impossible You really Bbould think better of it, and remam." "We can't;-wo can't Goodnight!" cried Harrj, making a plunge into the road, George following " Good night, with all my heart, and I am sure I wish you safe through," called the landlord after them And for some moments he stood m the open doorway gazing at their retreating forms, which the snow was already beginning to whiten ere tbey were out of sight Then the eddying snow-flakes being whirled in his face by a sudden gust, he very dis- trustfully shook his bead, and, closing tbe door, withdrew to enjoy the bright warmth and cheerful firelight of the inn parlour. We, of course, must follow George and Harry, The inn being placed at the very end of the vil- lage, they were out upon the open road at once, and speedily began to taste the seventy of the blast But it was not till after they had gone two or three hundred yards, and bad quilted the broad level high- way and entered the narrower cross road, which for miles they had to traverse, that they began to realise the full difficulties of their task The road being of a secondary character was ill kept and uneven, the wind was now directly m their face, and came sweeping towards them from the bare, bleak country in front Dismal and dreary was the scene The short twilight was fast fading into a darkness which threatened to be dense , the howling of the angry wind increased every moment, and the snow-flakes beat on their cheeks with cutting keenness. Nothing daunted, however, toe two youths ad- dressed themselves with resolved hearts to the soli- tary journey. The road was utterly deserted save by themselves. It was a night on which no one would stir abroad except through dire necessity, but though this absence of all human presence caused them to feel their situation the more eerie, it had no deterring effect upon their spirits The consuming impatience which had agonised them all through the journey would not allow them to be delayed by the storm, dreadful though it was and terrible as it threatened to become. Their igno- rance of what might have occurred to Lilias since the despatch of her wild appeal to Harry for help would allow them no rest The journey from Glas- gow had seemed to take an age to accomplish, and now that little more than five miles lay between them and the termination of their fearful suspense, the wildest snowstorm that ever raged would not have kept them back. .Neithei the one nor the other had anj idea of the nature of snow-drift in an open and exposed country road, or, tortured with impatience though they were, thej might have hesitated before committing tbeui selv es to its povv er Hiving been residents in a large citj for mans winters, their knowledge of a snow- storm was confined to its comparatively mild effect among the stieets and houses, where-"cabined, cribbed, conhned' -it was shorn of l's great strength and wild terrors It had been to them a pleasure rather than otherwise to traverse the streets in the face of the slanting snow, and a source of positive delight to watch it fiom the window and hear it come hissing against tho panes, to see it whirl and eddy round the cornen, and streak with white all surfaces exposed to its descent Ali, but what a very different thing is a snow-storm in the city from the same phenome- non in the country, where clear space is given for its revelling It is all the difference between a wild beast caged in a menagerie and roaming through its native jungle, and this truth George and Harrj were destined fully to experience this night The snowalready lay pretty deep upon the ground, for, as we have stated, it had been stsadily falling all the afternoon, and what little trafile there had been on that partially frequented road had utterly failed to preserve a track, so that now the path along which thej went presented afi unbroken sur- face, through which they had to wade with difficult motion On they went, courageous, ardent, resolute, never allowing themselves for one moment to imagine that they would be enable to cope with the fury and bit- terness of tliestorm Nor might their hope and con- fidence have in the end been belied, had its force re- mained what it was when they set forth, though even then the walk of five miles along that shrouded road, with heads bent to escape as far as tbej could the beating flakes, would have taxed their youthful energy and severelj exhausted them. But the power of the storm did not by any means remain stationary, on the contrary, it seemed to increase every minute with the deepening of the darkness The wind, which at first had manifested only surly gusts and an occasional howl, was now rising into a roar, bearing the snow along at race- horse speed from the black sky, and as if this was not enough to satisfj the rage into which it was lashing itself» it began to catch up the snow, which bad hitherto lain quiet on the ground, anti send it in clouds through the air, whirling it under the lee side of hedges and embankments in a way that must soon create deep drifted wreaths The j ouths, whitened now from head to foot with with a stiff coating of snow, toiled slowly forward like two sheeted ghosts Conversation being impos- sible tbey had not for some time attempted it, but staggered along, each silentlj battling with the storm, till a shrieking gust bnnging a drifting cloud in their faces, they had to stand still and turn their backs to escape suffocation Human strength could not hold out long at this rate, and, despite the motive which they had to ani- mate them, they were fast becoming exhausted, and bitterly made to feel, with dismay, how terrible was the power of Nature's elements when unchained, and how feeble man was in their hands The road suddenly dipped down into a hollow, where a thick fir plantation grew on either Bide, and here for the first time they found a little shelter, and paused for breath and rest " George, this is dreadful-bombie," gasped Harry. "Did you ever dream of anything so terrible?" " Never," was the shoutea reply " The landlord was right, Harry, we should have remained at the mn" lu less serious circumstances the wild magnificence of the elemental war would have elicited their admiration The roar of the wind m the wood behind them was like the voice of a piolonged thunderpeal, or tike great 8»a waves breaking in perpetual foam, upon the rocks, ano when it lulled there waa heard m the intervals the more distant howling of tbe blast, like the shrieks and groans of lost spirits, while past them flew the hissing snow, whirling m its mad dance through the ghastly darkness But situated as they were, the sublime grandeur of the scene was lost under the pressing feeling of per- sonal danger, the imminence of which they fully realised when as they stood there in the Bhelter of the wood a feeling of drowsiness came over them, and with it a strong inclination to lie down and sleep George bad often read of this, and knew only too well what it meant " For heaven's sake, Harry, let us be moving," he exclaimed " This hollow is fast becoming blocked up with a snow-wreath, and in a minute or two we may be unable to extricate ourselves. Let us for- ward, and seek for a house to shelter in " " I know of no house hereabouts," returned Harry. " The moor is before us, and there used to be an inn somewhere about the middle of it" " Then we must try and gam it It is our only chance" Bracing themselves up for another struggle, they began to move forward again, when both plunged into the centre of a wreath some four feet in depth " Good gracious, where are we now ?" ejaculated Harrj " Only in a wreath," said his friend. " We must make our way through it " " I could lie where I am," continued Harry. " I have a feeling as if I could go right off to sleep." " For God sake resist that," cried his friend " To give way to it would be fatal Up, for your life " Thus admonished, Harrj scrambled to his feet, and floundering through the wreath, they pressed for- ward, and soon came to the end of the wood, where the road was flanked on either side by a high em- bankment, it having been at that spot cut through a ridge of rising ground which skirted the moor Hero they were still sheltered in eome measure from the violence of the storm, but no sooner had they reached the further side of the cutting than they emerged all at once on the open plain, where they were exposed to its unmitigated power. An expense of heather stretched on either side and in front, and the road was bordered by neither wall nor fence Here, therefore, the tempest raged with unchecked vehemence, and they hod not staggered forward fifty yards till they saw it was impossible to proceed. Blinded, bewildered, and nearly suffocated, they staggered about in helpless impotence and grasped at each other for support. "Back, back," shouted George, m hoarsest ac- cents , " if we advance we are lost." Harry had no breath to answer, but he clutched at the other's arm, and down again they both tumbled into the deep ditch which ran parallel with the road, rolling and rolling over each other till they landed m the heart of another snow wreath As soon as they could gather force to rise they began to do so, when tbey felt something moving beneath them, and a simultaneous horror seized on them both " What on earth is that ?" exclaimed George " Goodness only knows, a sheep, probably-a sheep lost among the snow." " Merciful heaven, no , it is a man," cried George m utter horror, as, after scraping down among the snow, his hand came upon a human face. "A man !" roared Harry, " surely that cannot be." " Either a man or a woman," responded the other " Ha ! there is life at any rate " iloBt decidedly there was life, for as George spoke the object rolled away from beneath them, and a voice peevishly demanded " What daeye wantp Can ye no let a body lie?" " Who are you ?" shouted George A loud snore was the only answer Quick as thought George pounced upon the figure, and began vigorously to shake it, much evidently to the figure's annoyance, for the same peevish voice again muttered in great displeasure " Let me alane , I tell ya I want tae sleep " "If you sleep there you will never wake again Help me, Harry, help me to shake him, or he will miserably penah" This startling discovery having fairly surprised them out of a sense of their own evil plight, Harry laid hold of the recumbent figure, and the two youths shook and rubbed it with rough persistency " What the deevil are ye daern' that for t" de- manded the voice m angry remonstrance. Was I daein'ye ony ill ?" "Harry, a thought strikes me," said George. " That voice-I seem to have heard it before, and if I mistake not, it is the half-witted messenger who carried my letter to Matthew Greigson " " What!-Jamie Welsh ? Can it be possible ?" " Atweel, and I'm just Jamie Welsh, returned the object of their attention "Sae ye bad better no meddle wi' me ony mair Mind, I'm tellin' ye." "But, Jamie, you must get up," bawled Harry " You'll dee if you he there " "Deil a fears o' me deem'," was the response. " There's naebody dees when they want tae sleep." " We must have him up," said George. " We can- not leave the poor fellow to perish here Let us bear bim to the shelter of the embankment " " Come with us," bawled Harry, giving a violent pull to Jamie's passive arm " " What for wull ye no lat me sleep ?" demanded Jamie, in a thoroughly offended tone " I dinna ken ye ava, but whae'er y e are, I never did ye ony ill" " Tia no use to reason with lum," said George " He is insensible to his condition Up with him at once, or all three will be buried here among the drift." " Without farther parley, therefore, they each laid hold of an arm of the recumbent and drowsy man, and began to pull him out of his lair. The action roused Jamie into violent resistance, for the moment be felt himself being dragged to his feet he writhed and wriggled, and pulled against them, voicferating as he did so - " Oh, ye blackguard tormentors-ye devil's buckies -that winna let an honest man lie in his bed. Eb, Lord, but ye'll catch it for this yet I'll set the constable on ye, see if I dinna," Then finding that his threat produced no effect, but that his assailants persisted m dragging him from where he lay, he weat on " Ye're daft, you twa- clean daft-juist like the lave Ob, sirs, but it's an awfu' thing to be the only sensible man in the kintra. Aweel, aweel-carry me whaur ye like, for I canna resist ony langer. Save us, if the loons arena haulm' me ootbye, and it comm' on o' snaw. If I dinna gar the constables hang them for this, I'se winder" The resistance of Jamie on the one hand, with the force necessary to overcome it on the other, was Îiroductive of one good effect-it brought some ittle heat back to tbem, and kept them from being utterly benumbed. When, therefore, they had suc- ceeded in carrying Jamie under the leeside of the embankment, where they were all sheltered from the snow and the wind, tbey felt a positive glow of warmth come over them, and the reaction took so great effect on Jamie that the small modicum of wit which he possessed returned to bim-he remembered then where he was, and also what was the state of the case so as no longer to comuder the two youths as his tormentors, but assistants who bad come to him in his emergency. " Oh, oh, I mind the bruilzie now," he observed, as he followed the example of the others, and shook from him the heavy coating of snow which encased him to the thickness of several inches. "It's an awfu' nicht this, and after a' this is a better place than the ditch. I was tryin' for here when I coupet, but could hae sleepit fine yonder tae, and ye had lattin me." " What broughtyou on the moor in sucha storm?" asked Harry. ' What broucht you ?" retorted Jamie. ' .Strong necessity, I assure you." " Wael, it was just needcessity an my am pleasure that broucht me. Eh, but ye maun be a silly callant that didna ken that But what for sud I wunner at it, for a'body here awa' is daft but mysel.' Gin ye had as muckle sense as I could wish, we wad a' three be doon here m the beild and get a sleep, and let the snaw batter on as it likes." I "No, no Jamie, that will never do," answered Geoi^e ' But know you of no house near UB ? ' Oh,'deed aje, Wullie Gordon s is up at the tap o' the wood there " " Ha ! then we must try and reach Wulhe Gor- don's," cried Harry. " How far is it i" " Hear tae bim," said Jamie in a tone of great pity " There's a daft-like question tae ask Hoo sud I ken hoo far it is frae here tae Wullie Gordon s when I hae ne'er measured it ? ' " Well, but it is near the top of the wood, j ou say Now, if we keep on the west side we may manage to reach it Don't j ou think so s' " Me think ! I' faith, I'm the only ane o' the three that can think It wad hae been lang or either the tane or the tither o' ye wad bae thocht on Wullie's We wad hae been frozen into snawba's afore that, I'm jaleusin " " We shall if we remain here much longer," said George "So if you can lead us to the bouse in question I propose that we start at once " " Weel,' remarked Jamie, " that's wonderfu' guid sense-for you Ye hae some gumption m je, I see It's a braw thing tae ken w ha toe follow. Sae como awa', mj birkies, and l'se get je shelter" Delivering himself thus, Jamie set off at fair speed, and the youths kept close bebind him So long as the road led them by the base of the deep embankment walking was easy, for the snow, which had swept over its brow, had fallen on the opposite side of the road, leaving the side on which they were nearly bare But no sooner had the embank- ment given place to the wood than Jamie, who strutted as proud as a peacock under the idea of his leadership, suddenly disappeared m the midst of a wreath " I say, nane o' that," he roared from the depths of his new lair " Which o' you twa was it that knocket me doon ?" The youths of course hastened to disclaim such foul play " Dinna deny it noo, for I fand the shove, and I tell ye what it is, if ye play ony mair o' thae pranks, I'll leave ye toe find j er way tae Wullie Gordon's yersels " They werenow vigorously engaged m trying to pull Jamie out of the wreath, but their efforts only caused them to sink m beside him " Tbafs no the way tae dae it," roared Jamie " Ym o' ye pu', and the ither come ahmt me and gie me a dockiss up " After much sprawhngand laborious exertion, Jamie was at length extricated, and to avoid such another mishap, as well as to give and receive mutual strength, they locked their arms within each other, and in this way made better progress The storm seemed to rage as furiously as ever, but the low trees of the densely-planted wood broke its seventy, and when -they clambered over the gate which led tbem into the field, up one side of which they meant to go, they found that at a distance of a few yards from the wood the snow had accumulated in immense wreaths of many feet deep Close by the side of the wood, however, it lay m much less abundance, and they were able to advance at a steady, though still laborious, pace, listening to the roaring and howling of the wind in the depths of the plantation The wood proved of considerable length, and as there seemed no appearance of its termination, the youths began to bave doubts as to the safety of their leadership Perhaps the habitation of Wullie Gor- don had no existence except in Jamie's disordered imagination, he might therefore be leading them a fruitless journey. While seriously revolving this poesibihtj, they reached a gap in the wood which formed an open space, across which the snow drift carne with ruthless power " How can we ever face that ?" said Harry, stand ing stock still " We might face it if we were sure of shelter at the other side," returned George, " but I confess to you I have not much faith in our guide, who may be leading us quite a wild goose chase " " Where do we go now, Jamie ?" cried Harry "Just follow yer nose, and let it follow me," was Jamie's answer, as he turned the corner and disap- peared m the drift. The wading and struggling to get to the other side of the open space were something dreadful Tbey seized hold of each other again, and staggered hither and thither, stumbling now up, now down, till, utterly breathless and exhausted, they turned the op- posite corner, and to their joy saw a light gleaming at no great distance It was with intense thankful- ness of heart that their eyes beheld the friendly gleam, and the sight animated them anew to con- tinue the struggle towards it The light came from the kitchen window of a little farm-house, the out-houaea of which stood on either side of it and m the rear, and when, after a final and desperate effort, the wanderers gained the door, Jamie threw it open without ceremony, and the three panting, worn out, snow-sheeted travellers entered the kitchen amid the furious barking of dogs, and to the wonder, if not the consternation of the inmates, who, to the number of three, were seated round the blazing fire, and who with true Scottish hospitality extended a cordial welcome to the hapless travellers Jamie was, of course, well known to the people, and it was with no small pride that, after he had re- covered his breath somewhat, and cast the snow in cakes from his garments, he announced himself as the deliverer of the two youths from the dangers of j the snow-drift A few words quietly spoken by | Harry gave them to understand the true state of the case, and soon they were seated by the bright fire, when a glass of whisky was administered to each The howling and raging of the storm without, only added now to the comfortable feelings they experienced m having gained such snug quarters Jamie having drank off his glass at a draught, was rubbing his hands with satisfaction, when his eye fell for the first time on George's face, and instantly his fatuous countenance gave token of recognition "Eh, megstey," he exclaimed, "if ye orena the chield that gied me the bonny white penny yon moram' for toe tak' the letter tae Maister Greigson " " You are right, Jamie, and I know you did not fail to deliver the letter before night" " I daursay no Whan did I ever no dae a thing that I took m hand ? But, wae's me, puir Matthew 1 the letter sent him clean daft, and he flew frae the boose like a Hauchet o' fire Eh, sirs, but ifs a bantle better tae be sittin' here than stauchenn' through the snaw von gate I'm sajín', Wullie, lad, ye keep guid whisky, but oh, man, the glass is ama'" " Aba, but we can fill it again, Jamie, lad," aaid the farmer, replenishing Jamie's glass from the black bottle on the table Though the latter bad called the glass small it was by no means so, and as the balf-witted fellow emptied it again at a gulp and smacked his lips with satisfaction as it went down, it was evident that its influence would soon tell upon him " I sap, Wulhe, lad," he went on, " what wad thae twa puir young chields hae dune if they badna met in wi' me the nicht ?" " I warna, Jamie, it wad hae been a bad Job for them, nae doot, but I say, Jamie," he added, with a wink to the others, " whan are ye gauntae get mar- ried noo ?" " Oh, I dinna ken-I dinna ken I whiles think o't, but there's sae mony lassies wants me that ans doesna weel ken hoo tae dae I canna marry them a, ye ken." " No, but ye could surely wale a docent wife oot o' the lot o' them " Atweel could I, but I doot thej'11 be unco com- mon for me noo Whan a man rides in a carnage be begins tae look a bit higher, an' sae thafs the way wi' me" " Do you ride in a carnage now, Jamie ?" " Div I no ? Had ye been east the road this after- noon, just at the gloamtn', ye wad hae Been that my certie, aye wad ye " " An' what sort o' a carnage was it Jamie P-Tam Porter's cadger cart?" "Oh, man, but ye hae puir taste," returned Jamie, with huge disdain "What wad ye sae tae the Ard- gowan carnage wi' its grand yellow aides, and red wheels " "The Ardgowan carnage,' cned Harry, who with George had started violentlj at the utterance of the name " What about the Ardgowan carnage ? ' "What's aboot it? The snaw's aboot it by this time, I'm thmkin', an' if it wan toe the Bee Skep, that's a' the length it's gotten, or 111 wonder " " For heaven's sake, tell us what you mean," ex- claimed Harry " Did you see the Ardgowan carnage on the road to-day ?" " Be ceevil, my fnend, be ceevil," replied Jamie " And if I did, and if I WOB nom' ahmt it, when nae body kenned, thafs no your business, is it ?" "Yes, it is my busmess," exclaimed Harry, getting more and more excited " Where did you see the carnage, where was it going, and who were in it ? Quick, tell us " " Lord, but thafs a guid ane !" responded Jamie " As if a man has tae speak or baud lus tongue just as ye bid him " "Don't tnfle, you fool This may be a matter of the utmost importance to us " " Fule ! An' wha are ye ca'in' a fuie ? Certes, my man, but ye are no blate " " Oh, this is maddening," said Harry, turning a wild look towards George, who was little le«B agi- tated How shall we get the truth out of him ?" " Weel, gentlemen," said the farmer, " as je seem much concerned about this, let me manage Jamie, and l'se get oot o' him what ye want But dinna spier at him in that way or ye'll mak naething o't " "Well," said George, "for the love of goodness, get out of him all he knows about the Ardgowan carnage, for it is of essential moment that my fnend and I should know " " Then dinna either o' ye say a word. Wull ye no hae anither wee drap, Jamie ?" " Oh, aye, ane's no the waur o' a dram or twa on a cauld nicht like this Here's tae ye, Wulhe, lad, an' a' yer belangin's. You tae, lads, mair sense tae ye baith, and whene'er ye are oot amang the snaw again, may a freend like me come across ye " " That's ncht, Jamie," remarked the farmer "But I doot noo that ye hae been ndin' ahmt a carnage, ye'll be gettin' ower prood for yer auld joes " "Ye may say that* "An' was there mony grand folk there beside yersel'f "Hale three-there was the young leddy and the Captain, and that ill-faured carle the factor Puir thing, Miss Lilias was a' begrutten, and pled sair for them no tae tak* her awa*. Ah, they didna think I was sittin' ahmt and lookin' at them." Here the youths m the wildness of their agitation were about to break m again, when the farmer warned them to keep silent " An' where dae ye think they were talon' her, Jamie P" "Ah, but what ken IP I wad haentae asked tbem, and that's what I didna dae I was ower glad to get a lift alang the road, for the snaw was pelbn' on noo, and I wanted hame " " And I wager ye cam' wi' them as far as the four road ends P" Bald the farmer '. Just that, guidman Eh, Wullie, but ye're a wutch at guessin'. Wha kens but ye'll hae as muckle sense as me by-and-bye " " Let us hope, sae, Jamie And did the carnage tak' the muir road wast ?" ' Ay did it Sae, as that was aff my way, I just sbppit doon, and came my am gaet ower the muir, amang the wind and the ana' I binna made far, as ye see, but neither has the carnage, or I'm sair cheated. It wad stick afore it cam' tae the Bee Skep, or ye may co* me daft" " And where is this place P" shouted George, as be and Harry bounded both to their feet " Í know wljere it js," Curst forth Harry " it is a public house on the r#oor. We must proceed there instantly.'1 "The nichf, gentlemen ?" cried the farmer in as tpnlsbjnent, "Ay, this night, this hour,' exclaimed both in a breath " The daft idiots," ejaculated Jamie " But the thing is impossible The wind is still roann.'as ye hear, and ye ken what the drift is " " It matters not Life and death depends on us overtaking the carriage " "Bide till daylicht, at least There's nae fear o' the carriage proceedin' afore then, at an} late, for there can be nae manner o' doot that it's eittier at the Bee Skep or stickin' on the road near it. Wait then, and-" " Impossible " exclaimed Harry, as rapidly he buttoned up his topcoat "Vie cannot, dare not stiy till then," added George " At whatever risk we must reach the vehicle " " Oh, weel, if that maun be, ye'U jist hae tae doe yer be t I think the wind is hardly roann' eae loud, and the snaw isna peppenn' on the window jist sae muckle But we'll see hoo the nicht looks." " I se no stir a stop," said Jamie, very resolutely " If naebody else has sense, I hae In a moment or two they were outside, where things had decidedly impioved overhead The wind bad settled considerably, the snow had ceased to fall, and through rifts in the heavy clouds the stars peeped through But of course the load of snow which lay upon the ground was dreadful, and the wreaths which the wind bad blown together lay in huge ridges in every hollow " Noo, gentleman," said the farmer, pointing to a stone fence which showed its dark line across the moor, " keep by the side o' that dyke, and it will bring ye tae the road, no a quarter o' a mile from the Bee Skep" " Thanks," said George " We may meet ogam, and the hospitality you have shown us this night will not be forgotten," They both shook the worthy farmer by the hand, and without another moment's delay started off m their arduous and dangerous journey across the moor ( To be continued ) 