PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, May 23rd. ^ in regiy to Mr M Jlenna, Mr Grant in timated that it was intended to reduce the charge for licenses to one-halE of the present rate. The debate on the Address in reply to the Governor's Opening Speech was re sumed. Mr Langton, who said that he felt some difficulty in speaking to the question, inasmuch ns so large a portion of the hon. the Chief Secretary's speech had no re lsvancy to the amendment under discus sion, he went on to refer to the charges made against himself and other hon. members in that, speech as reckless and nnfounded. He denied that he had assailed the Chief Secretary during the recess, and said that the letter which the hon. member had referred to on tho previous niglit was written three years ago. Mr Duffy-Last night you said there was no letter. Mr Langton-There was no letter having any relevancy to tho present question. He then proceeded to deny tho justice of the Chief Secretary's attack, and to say that he felt the justice of a remark once made with reference to him (Mr Duffy), that "he never had a friend whom he did not ruin, or belonged to a party which ho did not betray." Mr Daffy-Who said that ? Mr Langton-No less a person than that distinguished countryman of yours-Daniel O'Connell. Mr Duffy-Where did ho say it? Mr Langton-Either in Cork or Dublin, I don't know which. It was reported in an Irish newspaper of the period. Mr Duffy-Well, I deny the truth of the statement. (Cheers on the Ministerial, and laughter on tho Opposition benches.) Mr Langlon then proceeded to roply to various points in the Chief Secretary's speech, and to deny that the hon. member had, as he had stated, done anything effec tual to facilitate his (Mr Langton's) first election for West Melbourne. Eeferring to the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr Harker), he said that nothing that he (Mr Langton) could say would either raise that hon. member's character in the estimation of tho public, or lower that of the Chief Secretary. Tho lightest word of the hon. member for Collingwood would be taken before the sealed bond of the hon. the Chief Secretary. (Opposition cheers.) He also complained that the Chief Secretary hold ing freetrade opinions had prostituted his talents to supporting a policy in which lie did not believe. He asserted that the effect of the tariff which the Chief Sscrel ary had assisted in passing had been to place a sum of £20,000 in the hands of a single soft goods firm in Melbourne, while he had it on good authority that the general effect of that Echeme had been to mulct the indus trial classes of the colony in no less than half a million of money. The hon. member then commented at some length on the <}overnment appointments, and particularly on that of Mr Cashel Hoey. (Left speaking.) , (BY ELECTEIC TELEGEaPH.) Friday, 1 o'clock p.m. Mr Vale replied to the various charges brought against the Government, and made a spirited defence of the administration and his management of the Customs Depart ment. He challenged the Opposition to declare boldly in favor of freetrade, and not rnsh the Treasury benches on false pre tences and then unmask batteries against the tariff. He defended the appointments' and said the trip of himself and colleagues to Gipps Land was with the object of ascer taining whether the Government would be justified in taking the projected railway construction in that direction into their own hands.' "With reference to Mr Hoey's appointment the real cause of oppo sition was his being a friend of the Chie Secretary, and contended that tho charge of disingenuonsness was wholly unjustifi able. An attempt was bein^made to turn out the Ministry, not because the/ had done wrong, bnt right, and brought forward' a policy acceptable and advantageous to the people. (Cheers.) Mr Harker replied to thVChief Secretary's attack. He said he did not suppose he (Duffy) could blush for his statement with regard to him, because the color which fled from his cheeks on certain occasions in Ireland had never yet returned. (Oh, and Opposition cheers.) He proceeded to sup port the nmendment, and denied the al leged malignant teeling .ascribed to him. Mr Jones moved tho adjournment of the debate, amid loud Opposition cries of "No/ and. "divide." Tho motion was .with drawn. ' Mr "Wriron supported the. amendment on general grounds, and deprecated1 govern ment by public meetings, representing only the persons present. The so-called Austra lian policy was a sham and a humbug. He contended that a dissolution would be an outrage- on Constitutional Government.' (Cries of " Go on," and " Adjourn.") Mr Duffy desired an adjournment, as four Ministers and six of their supporters had still to speak. A division on the question of adjourn ment was called for, but withdrawn. The debate was then adjourned at 11.10 p.m. ? ? ' We take the following from tho Mel bourne papers : Mr Duffy Baid that the motion before the Houso was one designed not merely to overthrow the Government as a political party, but to dishonor them as public men by a charge that they had unworthily used the power with which they were entrusted. It was his intention to weigh the cbavgo in both its branches. When ho assumed his present office he did it A'ith a full determi nation that it should be used solely for public ends, and he was there to contend that that intention had been carried out. (Hear, hear.) He approaehed the question under some difficulties, because he did 3ns>fc know whether all the charges tho Govern-. rnent wore expected to meet had been made; against them. The lion, member for Rich mond had made just such a statement as to' these charges as he. thought proper to that' Hou3e,instead of a clearand condusivestate- i ment. He remembered in the last debate how lion, mombers one after another assailed him personally when his mouth was closed,: and when it was snirs-sted that he should' have an oppn'.iKiI'y offered him of replying, 'instead or consenting to that arrangement,; thoy CToaned in n. chorus of passion, de-; clariug that.he should not. Well, ho did i not know if on tho present occasion those, tactics had beau repeated, but it seemed to . him that tho order oE the day on the present occasion was to throw dirt at the heads of tho Government because if < they did not tho conspiracy of Flinders-lane would end in disaster. That course seemed to him scarcely fair, hut his time hid come now, and he relied on tho electric force of simple truth to carry conviction to every honest mind. He would take so much notice of the Btateimnfc-the laboured .statement-of the hon. member who last udilressed the House as to begin by referring to the charge that he had abused the opportunity afforded him at the banquets spoken of to assail his political opponents. Ho declared that a grosser misrepresentation never -was ut tered. (Oh, oh.) He had used the platform of theso public entertainments simply for self-defenco against those who were assail* ing him. Among the members of the late Government there were three who were connected with the press, and among the Opposition thero were three others, making .twica as many, who. under the shield of anonymity under which our journalism was conducted, were not sparing in their criti cisms of the Government. Did any one think it was hia duty to listen ia silence to these criticisms, or to use a fair opportunity | of refuting them ? jit ho had pursued tho former course the effect would havo been that the Government -would have been lied out of office. (Chair, and Order.) Mr Duffy went on to say that he had used the platform of these public banquets ex clusively for self-defence, and four Members of that House had rendered it necessary for liim to do so. Ths member for Dundas had pathetically appealed that he (Mr Duffy) had assailed his land policy when ho was not there to reply. The land policy of the hon. member no more interested him thau what was going on at Kaiuschatka. Had he not assailed the land policy of the Go vernment? He was one of the proprietors and writers of a newspaper in this city which misrepresented everything the Go vernment said or did-assailed it sis times, aye, sometimes six and twenty times a week, in all the moods und tenses of writing; and were they to be told that thoy should for ever sustain in absolute silence a fire of calumny of this nature ? . Mr'Macpherson: X never had a share in any newspaper in tho colony, or anywhere else; and I never wrote or laid the founda tion of any articlo that has appeared in any of the newspapers of this colony. (Cheers.) Mr Duffy accepted this absolute _ contra diction, but said there were a considerable number of persons, both inside and outside the House, whom it would tako by surprisa as it did him. The specific reason why he had taken action at those banquets was becauso ho bad been assured by numerous wellMnformed persons that the bon. member was directing that machine against him, for tho life of every public man might be made intolerable did he not carry a weapon to chastise unreasonable aggressors. With regard to tho hon. member for West Melbourne, he had referred to him simply to refute the unfair and ungenerous chargo he had brought against him (Mr Duffy) in his absence- that he had abandoned his opinions on the education question. The only foundation for that chargo was that a considerable change had been made in the estimates from previous years; but that change was made by the member for Rich mond, and ho would undertake to say that if the member for West Melbourne got a Government with the member for Richmond at tho head of it, ho would bring down the estimates in that identical fashion. The hon. gentleman proceeded to charge Mr Langton with criticising tho members of the House in the Argus. Mr Langton denied that he did so. Mr Daffy-I cannot accept that statement as I did the statement of the member for Dundas, because the hon. gentleman showed 'me one article of his before it went to the paper. (Laughter.) ? ' Mr Langton said that he meant since the. hon. gentleman had been in office. Mr Duffy said if anythiug had inter rupted the ordinary practice of the hon. member he haduot communicated it to hini. (Laughter.) The hon. member often re ferred to Hansard, where their speeches were sot forth against the great day, and ho ought to lay his criticisms of hon. members which had appeared in the journals before the House, so that thoy might hold him accountable for what ho had written. He rejoiced that the hou. member had taken up a position of antagonism to tho present Government. He had had him both as a colleague and an antagonist, and he pre ferred him in the latter capacity. (Laugh ter.) Mr Langton: When I refused to join you. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr Daffy-Of this I am quite sure, that the hon. gentleman will not again by his vote raise me to a position of authority in the party with which he is connected, and then assail me with sly paragraphs in the newspaper with which he 13 connocted. Mr Langton-I never did so in my life. Mr Duffy-I can show the hon. gentle^ man alettor in hia own handwriting. Mr Langton repeated his denial. Mr Duffy-Not one sly paragraph ? \- Mr Langton-No, not mo. Mr Duffy-Well, neither will the hon. member solicit my aid to get him into tho Honso, and then employ his position to defame me. Mr Langton-X never asked it. Mr Duffy went on to say that "the hon. member for West Melbourne had read him a lesson upon fidelity to principle ; but tho hon. member was not exactly the authority he would take his political morality from. The only question on which he had been tolerably steady was that of free trade, which he had stuck to becauso ho repre sented a wealthy constituency. When Mr Higinbotham introduced his education hill, the lion, member-as recorded in Hansard -complimented him on it, and then when popular feeling ron high against it, be came one of its mo3<: vigorous opponents in order to float with the tide. In the same way with the Darling grant: He was long one of its most vehement opponents, but' when he became a leading member of the_ Administration after the general election, lie -receded step by step until he fromod a bill to grant the money to Sir Charles Darling. With these facts before it, the House would scarcely set the hon. gentleman up as a guide in matters of political consistency. He (Mr Duffy) had been lectured upop. some idle controversies tietweeu himself and the presont Commissioner of Customs,. Bufc^of all the transactions that had occurreil;Bince the present Government came into-: office none affordod a better guarantee that its object was to make a party based upou the popular' interests and sympathies of the country than Mr Valo and himself having forgotten the controversy they had.. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) . In that controversy he had always acted on the defensive, and when Mr Vale on further acquaintance abandoned his prejudices against, him, it wa3 his -'(Mr Duffy's) duty to welcome him to his side; He.bad made it an un varying rule of public life, never to attack anybody, and never to permit anybody to" attack him with impunity. But though he accepted anybody who had assailed him at one time from motives not discreditable to hini, whatever political changes might come he would not take to his bosom a man who had charged him with having seized upou the public funds illegally, as the hon. member for West Melbourno had done. Had not the hon. member for Dundas charged the hon. member for Richmond with illegally suspending an act of Parlia ment to put money into his own pocket and that of hi3 colleague the member for Mor~ nington, and his supporters ? Had he not charged him with subjecting the country to an expense of JSG3.000, which he distri buted amongst his friends? And had not the .hon. gentleman who made these charges beon denounced by Sir James M'Culloch as one whohaddegradedthis country iuthe eyes of the world more than any other; yet tho l;on. member for Richmond and tlie hon. member for West Melbourne had taken him to their arms. Having justified the course he tool: in referring to the hon. members whom he alluded "to iii his after dinner speeches, Mr T)uffy procpeded to notice tho hon. mombers whom he did not attack, but who attacked him. During the debates there had been two or three fine effects-whqn, the hgu. member (M.r Walker) crossed to the other side of the House, and when the lion, momber for Collingwood (Mr .Harker) rose and shook the dust off his shoes against the Govern ment. Young members who accepted' the traditions of l-ho House must have thought that the milk of human kindness iti that hon. member's'bosom had been curdled by vexation, but he -hoped to enlighten them and show that it was the black bile of per-, sonal malignity. (Loud cues of Oiuli. Chair).'; . Mr Francis called upon tho hon. gentle man to withdraw the expression. The Speaker said no hon. member w as justified in attiibating motives, .to another. Mr-Duffy withdrew the remark, arid said ho should simply give the affirmative, and allow the House to draw,its own conclu sions, Twelve years ago he had bean the colleague of the member for Collin gwood, and any time between that and thi3, . that gentleman would have been delighted to mate the pronunciamento he did tho pre vious night. It had been stated that he had left the Government of twelve years ago because of a controversy ho had with the member for Collingvvood. : He denied in the most emphatic manner that so trivial a cause wenld have induced him to withdraw.- The facts were these. He (Mr Duffy) was Com missioner of KoruLs and Bridges, and the hon. member, who was Treasurer, pufcon the esti mates a sum of iMOOO to be expended in his own constituency ou a stroet not far from h is own residence. He (Mr Duffy) struck that off because it was contrary to law, but the hon. gentleman, in his absence, got it on again, and he was put in the position of either breaking up the Government or allowing ? the vote to pass. It was "well known that on the roads and bridges out of Melbourne there were tolls; but the mem ber for Collingwood attempted to get the Johnston street bridge leading to Colling; wood, and then just made, free of toll. He (Mr Duffy) insisted upon applying to the constituents of the hon. gentleman the same rule that applied to all others. Theso were the two grounds of complaint the hon.geni. tlemanh&d; against!him, The Chief Sec-, retary went on to quote from a speech of Mr Michie, in which ho charged the morn^ ber for Collingvvood with turning his atten tion to heaping up wealth, utterly regard less oE the high duties he owed to the coun try; and also quoted a statement of the hon. member for St. Kilda (who had made the member for Collingwood a magistrate), that he would have hesitated to have done so had he known what he afterwards did. The hon. gentleman added, that he left it to hon. members to say whether, after the experience he had had of the hon. member for Collingwood, when ho rose the other night like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with all these recollections on his mind, he was not glad of an opportunity of assailing him (Mr Duffy) in a reckless and unjustifiable manner. When that hon. gentleman resigned his place as chairman of the Board of Education, he left the .Go vernment no option but to accept it, and he (Mr Dully) had no compunction in doing so. He who ruled over free men should himself be free ; and it was not at all un reasonable that a gentleman who had to direct the public edueation of the commu nity should have some tincture of education himself. (Laughter.) If he had thought the hon. member unfit for such a position before, circumstances, had siuce occurred which drove that conviction conclusively homo to his mind. Everyone must have I read the report of tho proceedings at I the Blind Asylum, when the hon. mem j ber uttered sentiments which, if Swift l in his cynical way had put them into the mouth of a politician in Gulliver's Travels, would havo been thought too extravagant. The hon. gentleman had actually said that there should be no Roman Catholics al lowed on the committee, because they would be likely to object to the dozen Roman Catholic children being taught from Protestant books. If such a thing had occurred in Italy or Spain, it would have been considered an instance of the most I shameless bigotry. The Chief ^Secretary next proceeded to justify the course ho had | adopted in regard to free trade, and quoted from his speeches - to' show that he had all along been in favor of such a compro mise as would foster native industries. Ho had been charged with throwing the free selectors into the hands of usurers, j and money lenders, by giving them tho power to obtain advances of money on the j security of their allotments. This was not I really the cose; the effect of what he did say at Kyneton was that Mr Grant was | going to take the free selectors out of the j bands of mortgagees and usurers. There was one other point, and then; he would proceed to grapple with the special subject of the ? amendment. .It liao been alleged over and over again ia the newspapers that the Government had violated their duty as a Constitutional Ministry, by going to tho people and telling them their policy. This was absurd. Was not the same thing done by Mr Gladstone, when ho addressed an immense open air meeting at Greonwich ? (MrFrancis-That was his own consti tuency.) Perhaps so, but still it was^well known that every year theMinistry attended a grand banquet given by the Lord Mayor, and there publicly expounded their policy. There was also the fact that the hon. member for Buckinghamshire, Mr Disraeli, the Conservative leader, had attended an immense meeting at Manchester, in", the heart of the manufacturing district. I Before proceeding to the question oE the appointment made by the Government I lio would call-hon. members' attention to the fact, that although charges against them were repeated and reiterated in the newspapers, he could not*- deal with them unless they were in the House. Besides tho newspapers, another method was being adopted of misleading the people of the colony. Somewhere in the city was a bank of lies from whence were daily issued st jrie3 that could not be put in the news papers, but were fabricated and dissemi nated for the sole purpose of damaging the Government. He would state two or three "of them by way of showing the shamoful means adopted for damaging the Govern ment. Since the meeting of Parliament one of his colleagues' had been informed in Collins street that Mr Dennis had re ceived the appointmonfc of: piermaster at Williamstown because he had brought a letter of introduction from - the' Catholic Archbishop of Sydney to him (Mr Duffy.), This was totally faise, as he had never heard Mr Dennis's name from any person excepting his ; col league. Another person had been informed that Mr Holmes had been appointed a police magistrate because lie was an Irish Roman Catholic, So far from this being the case ho had always understood that he was an , Orangeman, and yet he had been appointed, to tho only vacancy that had been filled up, and that vacancy was caused by the death of a Roman Catholic, police magistrate. A former member,of this Ilouse had also ac* etised him of having displaced a man named M'Call. Tho facts of tho case were that Sir i. James M'Culloch had appointed him to a temporary position, and tho'Audit Commis sioners had objected to'continue paying him. . the salary of a classified officer. He, there fore, received a reasonable notice, and hot (Mr.Duffy) requested theRegistrar-General to give him such employment as he could. M'Call's removal was filled up by the trans fer of a clerk who could .be dispensed . with, from the sheriff's office, and no further ap pointment made to the sheriff's office. With i regard to the appointment of Mr Cashel : Hoey, if the House gayehim their attention ho.woi}ld demonstrate that the amendment was an unfair, one. The theory of the,Op-" ' position was that Duffy made tho post of secretary to thei Agent General in order to give it to Hoey. How would this corres- ; ! pond with the facts? It was generally' acknowledged in London that Cashel Hoey was a suitable man for tho position,. even' before the vacancy occurred. It was well known to all hon. members that governors and ambassadors were in the habit of send ing private letters to their respective Go vernments in addition to the official des patches, and they were therefore com pelled to have a privato secretary, and it had also been the custom of Mr Verdon, Trhile holding tho position of Agent-Gteneralj to follow the same course and send to tho Chief Secretary by each'mail a private letter referring to most of the current topics oE the day. As Mr Childers was at such a dutauco from this colony, it was a matter of impossibility to get his evidence ou this point iu tirno to lay before tho House, but Mr Yerdon was on this conti nent, and as ho was a man of honor and knew the political exigencies of the case, he (Mr Duffy) would read a sentence from ono of his privato letters, as ho was sure such a permission wouid bo granted to hi^ if he had the opportunity of asking for it. De fore loading this extract, however, he would remark that the resignation o£ Mr Vei'dou as Agent-General was known here at tho end of November, 1871. On the 29th of 1 the next month the tnaU left for England,1 taking' the appointment of Mr Childers as .A-gent-General.. Tho letter be 'was now. going to read an extract from was written by Mr Verdon in London, in January 1873. Ihis was what he said after expressing his conviction that Mr Childers would bo able to do tho;colony the moat serviceBat ho must hare a secretary, and has said so much to me. I have told him how fitted Mr Cashel Hoey is.for the post, and if he is authorised to njwiDt anybody ho will appoint liim." Mr Verdon .was .'well aware that he had recommended Mr Cashel Hoey as a suitable member of the board of advice, but when . !B. bad no idea that there was T.V likelihood of thoi\? being any change in the ageut- generalship, together with the necessary changes in the office, any more than he had of what was to happen that day. twelvemonths. When ho wrote the letter authorising the appointment oE a secretary, ho did so because bo knew that -there,were many duties Mr Verdon had performed for which Mr Guilders could not find the necessary time owing to his politi cal duties. (Mr Francis-Was there no one in the office who could do the work ?) . The ton. member had stated that Mr Yardley sho^uld haje been appointed to tho vacancy. This was not possible, an the duties per taining to the office of secretary could npfc bo performed by a commercial clerk. Mr Cliilders would nofc find time, owing to his parliamentary duties and the small salary allowed to the Agent-General, to do so much of.tho: routine work as Mr Verdon had done. For instance, in 1S71, the num* ber of letters sent out from the Agent General's office was over 11,000, and in 1870 the number was still greater. It was not 11® cxPec'®d that' Mr Childers would bo 1 ^Ued uP°n to sign tho whole of those. Ihore was plenty of the work that could be done by a gentleman of recognised status in society. He would correspond with the Imperial Government, foreign Govern ments, and public institutions, transact the bank business, and seo the necessary pay ments made on behalf of the colony, and other, similar work, which could nofc be ^0Urj ^ * n^ere commercial clerk. He i:ould' not consult with engineers and ascertain the relative merits of the broad and. narrow gauge of railways; could not obtain the necessary information relative to the working of tho drawback regulations or^ of the postal card system; could not provide military stoves and arms, pictures^ works of arts, or books having colonial interest. Xefc these were some of the duties that would be performed by- the secretary. To be useful he muse be a man of intellect and action, and with professional and personal influence. He did not wish to speak disparagingly of Mr Yardiey, who was no doubt a most efficient officer, but the position required a gentleman who would be ablo to meet tho highest classes on equal terms. He would reiterate his statement that the appointment of Mr Cashel Hoey to the post of secretary would not cost the colony one penny, as this year wo were going to pay. the Agent-General and his secretary a' smaller sum than was last year paid for tho Agent-General alone, ihis was because Mr Childers's pens SiT wtmld lapse during his tenure of office. The law was that tho Agent General and his board of advice should appoint what officers they considered necessary for carrying on the work of the department, such appointments to be subject to tho approval of the Governor-in Council. The appointment wa3 made by the Agent-General, and now awaited the confirmation of the Governor-in-Council. It had been said why did not Mr Duffy boldly appoint Mr Hoey to tho position ? J-he answer was very quickly given. Be cause lie had not the power. Tho hon. member for East Bourko (Mr Ramsay) had said that instead of increasing the Agent General'a staff they should have wade reductions in it, owing to the stoppage of emigration to the colony. This had been done, as last year only a vote for six months' salaries had been taken, and this year the item would not appear on the estimates at all. (Hear, hear.) It had also been asked why some colonist had not been appointed. He would remind the House that the appointment was only for so long as a saving was effected by the merging of Mr Chl'Ider'a .pension into the revenue. When Mr Childers ceased to be Agent-General the appointment of Mr Hoey would lapse. It would have been absard to ask any gentleman in the colony to accept the appointment that might have been at an end before ho arrived." in Xiondon. VTitU regard to the accusation that a member of the Assembly should have been appointed, he would call attention to the Officials in Parliament Act, which pre vented an hon. member from accepting an office until he had been six months out of Parliament. The appointment could not wait so long as that. It had been further alleged that Mr Cashel Hoey was an Irish rebel. This had arisen out of a disingenuous statement made by one of the morning papers quoting from a copy of the Nation, published several years before Mr Cashel Hoey was connected with that newspaper. (Hei proceeded at some length to explain Mr Hoey's career and connection with the He could not see what objection could be taken to his writing a private letter recommending him as secretary. He had recommended him to Sir James M'Cnl loch for tilG ixlniC position, as he had made himself useful to the colony in many re spects. He had also recommended him to Mr Childers. He could not make the appointment himself, and therefore had done what web in his power to recommend him for it. And yet ho was asked why he did not state that he had recommended Mr Hoey, and the hon. member for AVil liamstown had said that ho had equivocated when he was asked. That was a statement simply without foundation, for -when he wa3 asked he answered as directly as he could. The hon. member for Col lingwood said that it was only after two questions that it had been drawn out of_ him. This was also without foundation. He did not volunteer any thing ; but ho asked was it the practice when an appointment was-made by the person empowered by law to make it, for another person to volunteer any statement ? It was quite time for him to do so when he was asked, and the moment ho was asked he stated it. The appointment wa3 made by Mr Childers, under the board of advice. When he was asked he recommended Mr Hoey; bnt he knew then practically that he would be appointed if he never recom mended him, and knew that the intention existed to make the nppaintment. In dealing with thi3 question the hon. mem ber for Collingwood wanted to know-, he could not properly express his indig nation-why he had not frankly stated that he made the recommendation. Let them ..compare tho hon.. member's doc-i trine with his practico. In connection .with the appointment of Mr Dennis, c}id he1 not sit as dumb as possible when it was' stated that a number of hon. members had recommended Mr Dennis? Did he tell them that he recommended Mr JJ&noia;, and when he mentioned the subject diii he .not, to use the hon. member's own words, - toll only a part of the truth ? He said that he had signed a general recommendation for Mr ^Dennis's appointment to u Government position. That was before the document was read. What he did sign was "a docu ment > setting forth that fl^r peqnis was '' eminently fitted ftp: the : appointment' IjO BOH; asks-that of pier-master at Williamstown." Beforo the hon. mem ber set . himself up to lecture his com peers^ he- should take care that his practice was the sa'xe as his',dot^.*ine One more matter, and he was done witli this part of the c^se. When this noliqe fif ipotiou was given he felt it his duty to send to Sir George Verdon in Sydnoy the following telegram:-"The Cashel Hoey appointment is to bo resisted in the As sembly on Tuesday. Can you. say ; any thing regarding it?",: Tho reply , he got was : - '. Message received. Mr Childers said he could not act without a secretary,. The board approved of Mr Hoey's appoint ment, but said he could not remain a meui ber of the board. He is highly qualified for thq position.'" He had said all he thought necessary on this subject, and he put it to every member of that House whether they could disapprove of this ap pointment on this motion, when in point of fact it would have been made if he had been still. ' Mr JFranqi^Tha appointment would not aye been made without the recommenda tion. (Chair, chair.) Mr Duffy, haying disposed of ^hia, would pass to another question, whicih he was glad tje hon. caeir.bc,' for Williamston had put Wjtu sultjcient clearness to enable him to toll what did really take place. It was stated that he had offered an appointment to the hon. member for North Gipps Land and a railway to Gipps Land in order to get a seat for his son. Afta- he had spoken in the previous debate, it was asked why he : had not made allusion to this; but it was not; one of the charges made. against-him, and therefore he did! nob reply to it. At the close of last session, the hon. member' foe Gipps Land,Mr3T. L. Smyth, acquainted him with ;.his desire to retire from Par liament, and to sock promotion in his profession, instead of pursuing political cares. "Well, was not the hon^ and learned member entitled to promotion ? Ho had been elected chairman of com mittees of that Houso-a position which he regarded as much above that of a Crown prosecutor. If that had occurred in the House of Commons, Mr Gladstone could havo made the appointment next morning to any office in his gift. But hero it was different owing to the action taken by the hon. member for St. Kiida, 3XrFellows, who never failed to throw contempt on that Parliament. Whim JUr Fellows was in the Legislative Council, he moved an amend ment inlhe Officials in Parliament Act, which- made it impossible to confer on any member oF Parliament any office until he had ceased to be a member for six months, except. one indeed-the hon# member as pired to be a judge-and that was that of. a Supremo Court judge, who might be appointed olf hand, although if there , were any position for which a man who had mixed up ih politics was unfit, it was that of a Supreme Court judge. Wei], he answered jSIr Smyth that the Oflbials in Parliament Act inter posed, hut that if he chose to resign, and there was at the end of^: six months any patronage at his (Mr Duffy's) disposal, he would give him the promotion ho desired. Was this an improper thiug to say? If the hon, and learned member chose to take the responsibility of going out of Parliament, and taking the risk of the same Government not being in office in six months, then, he said, ^ it was positively unobjectionable, especially as there was no office vacant at the time. Subsequently Judge Macoboy died, and as ' he made it a rule to keep promises he made to men, ho sent for Mr Smyth' and informed him that it was proposed to appoint a Crown prosecutor to the bench, and having made him a pi\> miSG he would, if ho folt inclined to resigD, recommend bis colleague to give him the vacant Crown prosecutorship, Finally, Mr Smyth came to the conclusion not to accept that appointment, and there was an end of it, excepting that he (Mr Duffy) was much more pleased that Mr Smyth remained in office. A month or six weeks after he was down at that retirement which seemed to ba regarded with so much envy-he was a reel use at Sorrento-when, to his surprise, Mr Smyth arrived there, ond told him that ho had altered his mind, and that it was his intention to resign, as he was tired of Par liament and would rather take the Crown prosecntorship. He (Mr Duffy) told Mr Smyth that he would Tory much prefer that he should not resign," but that as the pro mise had been made, if lie remained of the same opinion he would recommend him to his colleagues. His eldest son, John Duffy whom Mr Smyth had never seen before, and did not know, arrived the same evening, .and he would declare on hia honor and conscience that tho candidature of his son for South Gipps Land had never crossed his lips up to that night. John Duffy and Mr Smyth had travelled together to Queens cliff without knowing each other, they took the same boat from. Queenscliff, bat, still not knowing each other, took different con veyances on landing. Just after the vacancy for Mornington his son had told him of his desire to enter public life, and said that he was an old resident in Mornington, and that he would be elected if he (Mr Duffy) would give him hia support. - Ha re plied at once that he hud promised hi3 sup port to Mr Everard. and the matter ceased, but when John Duffy heard of the new i vacancy he suggested that he ought to go to Gipps Land. This was the first time the matter was mentioned, and he (Mr Duffy) asked Mr Smyth if he j thought his son would be returned, and Mr Smyth replied, "Well, no; there are too many Methodists there. (Laughter). Mr Smyth denied having made use of the word *' Methodist." "What he did say was that there were too many members of two denominations, the Wesleyans and Presby terians, who were opposed to the religion of Mr D ufiy. Mr Duffy thought that he could not put the expression in too corn pressed a shape. (Laughter). Well, Mr Smyfch returned to Melbourne, and his (Mr Duffy's) son re turned with him. In consequence of being too late to catch the train they remained all day at Queenscliff. and it was .from ( there that the first communication with j Gippsland was opened' in order to see who would support John Duffy's can didature. After they had gone away j he came to the conclusion that it was un desirable for various reasons that Mr Smyth j should resign, aud in consequence of bein^ detained a day on the road, Mr Smyth on arrival in Melbourne found a letter for him I asking him not to proceed until he came to j town. When he did come to town, it had been telegraphed from Sale that Mr Smyth was to resign, and that John Duffy was a candidate. This the newspapers commented on, and put the interpretation upon it that the hon. member for Williamstown ' had. It was, however, without foundation, for he had never had a communication with Mr Smyth until the time he had mentioned. After alluding to the appointment of Jud«e Dunne, and denying that they-had ever been political allies in Ireland, but had been antagonists, he asked the hon. member for Mandurang if, when he was in office, there was not-some foundation for the rumour that ho intended to appoint Mr Dunne to the judicial bench, and appoint Mr Holmes to a Crown prosecutorship. Mr Casey said there was no foundation for the rumor, although there was .' no one he would havo greater pleasure in. appoint" ing than Mr Dunne, Mr Dully continued to say that he might leave the appointment of pier»»master and otiier such complaints to Ministers ih whose departments they were. But in what position did they (the Ministry) find themselves ? They were assailed by a vote of want of oonfidencefor not making an appointment that was recommended by the mover of the motion-(laughter); an appointment which was recom* mended by six or seven members of the House, including the hon. member for Collingwood, who were of cqurse not coming down. to vote against them for doing the idegticul -thing they wanted theiy tq do. The only point that remained was one which he felt inclined to leave to his hon. friend tho Minister of Lands, who knew as much about it as ho did. Here. ferred to the Californian _ maii' contract. When their postal scheme a,s a \yliole came before the House hafcplie^ed that it was as capable of successful defence as any scheme eversnbmitted to Parliament, but they, had not heard the other side.' One'word in conclusion on the position Qf the Govern ment with respect to ; ihe country.' The Government came into office by no action of theii< own, but their . acceptance of effice had been confirmed by the almost universal assent of the people of the colony. Down to the present daj they had received a warm and generous sup port from the people, us was witnessed by the meetingp.qd demonstrations. Tho history of the " Administration would not fee stored up in pages of the volumes of Hansard filled with debates, but would be found in a living and flourishing popula tion. (Ironical cheers ) He bolieved that the poople were eager to see their polioy carried out, ft reported of Oliver CroiflwpU tl^t \vheu he first saw the vale Mnqater, ho said to his soldiers, "Ob, my friends, this is a oountry worth fight ing for.". He would say to the people of this colony, "You have got possession of political power almost for the first timo; you have possession of the country al most for the first time: tako c.ire it is not snatched away, for, . this is a country worth fighting for.' " Ha did not think, he never thought, that the Ministry bad undertake^ an easy task, for he had nctf ;ead history to no purpose, and he found that there was little in tho world worth doing- or worth having which was not mode way for through boundless doubt and difficulties without turning to the rM>t or left, and with God's 'uolp we \viF» not (Cheers from the Ministerial benches.') v 36 spoak' l,ut was met with, c,,ia ot adjourn. Ho said bo had no to postpone bi-: sr.L-uoh, but if, iu de ference to hon. members-. Mv Jiwou-oil, you aro afraid to go on now-, iou wanted to last night. Mr Langton said that in deferenco lo tho " wishes of his friends he would now move the adjournment of the debate. (Oh, oh, from the Ministerial benches.) j Mr Duffy said that as tho hon. member would, no doubt, require timo. to, prepare his reply, he would not oppose the adjourn ment, . . re j Thq. House accordingly adjourned, at ten day to eieyeD» till half-past four next 