I WHICH ACC0UNT3 FOR IT ALL! I To the Editor of tho Evening Herald. ' I Sir,— Only a very short time ago 1 was I (in a- spiritualistic sense) a rahid ecoptic ; so I much so, indeed, that when I came near a: I music shop I would hop off the pavement, I und walk finfcflld a tliA jvnfcfcfir. fen avniil rbaiiht I the accordeons. - It matters littlo how I be- I came converted to the new belief, or where, I neither am I going to tell who stood sponsors I for me at the table. I will merely state that I nm converted, posseas extraordinary- powers I as a medium, and have a wonderful story to tell, r An evening or two ago l was sitting at my writing-table (if an old deal packing-case may bp called a writing-table), and Being " hard up" for an idea, eat with both hands spread before me, gazing at abluo-bottle fly, w?owm taking forty winks on tho ceiling, witlf his baokdown, and his legs up, which H we ail know is the ini I innt Tsnnitinn in flin world— to a fly. Suddenly I felt a violent tuiBling sensation ut the tips of my fingers, and the table gave a heave, whioh sent the pinny ink-bottle I had had in use a fortnight six inches into the air, without spilling a I n1! "Hullo!" said I, "Spirits! That's all I said, "Hullo, Spirits;" for I always 'eel awed and reverential when in tho I Snca , wl)at wo oan't see, and know I ??, .8 »bout. It is needless to waste time ' y going into dotsii concerning the formula L7W .'n my private correspondence I J!' the spirit world, but will straightway f from my notes the communication Br oi"?01ve<i> l'om a ghost by the name of K ,i"f® t?" ,®efrp I go on, though; I' will inst , j shade ofBitjgies had evidently B t:® - to say in a very short "space of I w'll account for hie "tele- I wa«n- ?otre6Pndeht " stylo. "My name I fop never had a Christian name, I iy mo,th(lr fied in Honndsditch. I intnm,cn 8 a '0Dg time, and dropped I loot!? Present sphere quito sudden, whilst iii ? I?r8 crowd, which had gathered I L .Qalr, swgate, Londou, England. I iW .1 a theatre, and oonla imitate I Sl8!ythmb" 1 00UW imitate people's I mo nnll' Ja-",8 yu couldn't tell which was" tnn inir. i i , wa3 Thcso talents got C. mto and I dnn'ttlimlr if T hnri'nk I hero nnii tt ver fsllor, I should have como I hero ? ,sc quick. How did I oome I homo 1 w ' J ,1 8 a secret of tho prison makeB n,.' . on,t i'k® being here," they I ot vmm8„Wo.ktoo hard. AVho ? "Why all I iionvniiUJ Pc®mUy the swells, Shakspere,. itobcrt Po'aI ?' 8 ! uIIub Ctesav, Sir I 'hey ?, ' ,auii ?ii 'hat sort. Beo'suso ,lz> tn < s .swells, ' and gets too I 'hev , "eir turns ' when wanted, nJiuriHw ? rluao 1 oan t»ko off a cbvo so I 'ho kevl,!lu t w?8 to talk to him through I hethL ..or» be wonld'nt know ''ho all reside or t'other, I Bhould 'Wreinf , turns " at fivo diamonds, and Wo think nothing H ->eo if wo a I, u "is?0 — and as to drinking 9me,> ii-.rf-won t aatoniah . you, ' when you I'tyilau was a slight pause iu tho I fble, affti been performed upon the 9 'he followim,101)8.0 h », question I asked, M h>t I iJ, aa : bammered but to. mo, in' M .>dSda,rea.a, vory " vioioiie -manner. " 9 'hs, them much, and as often as we' w no h-ia«Niy s>il wo have'nt a liver amongst us, at all events in this ' sphere After a short pause the Hi devant Bingles, continuod, " Yon seo times are ohanged down hore, for yon folks up stairs are bocominga nuisanco, and since you found' out tbb way to ring, ne np, wo never got a: moment's peace ; for my part|I oan't under stand why that miserable little ball we used to porspire — he spelt this word differently — upon, has beeu made such account of, for I havo scon lots of better places since I left it. This is a terrible thirsty place thotigh.". Hore thero was a pause of some minutes. ' Only a little bit since, I don't know how long (for wo don't bother ourselves about timo hore), I was passing a cool grotto, wliero I saw Waltor Montgomery discussing a tankard of nectar with Billy Shakespofco — I moan Shakspeare ; we used to call him Shalcspoke bohind tho scenes — and Waltor oalis out to me, "Hullo, Bingles," just liko that. " Hullo, BinglcB, you're the the vory shade I want ; they're calling for mo np there ; go you and take my"' turn,' and when you oomo back I'll ' shout.' " " Oh, that's nil very lino, sir,"! says, "hut when a guvo «t; ivj.uiuuui.il u uuwjr ii uu wauling mo to spout, and I nover could ' swallow ' old Shakspokc — I mean Mr. Shakspcar's — 'lines ' was allways too much for me." "Oh, that's nothing,'.', says Walter, '.'.yon'vo got a splendid memory, so just listen to this quo tation, and mako as much of it as you can. You'll find it como in awfnlly bandy, cspc- ojally if you out it up into littlo hits ! This, sir, is tho part ho give mo to play at sight — "Oh! that this too, too solid flesh would melt, for I must hold my poaoe, as is my custom allways of an afternoon. Oh ! most ;pornicious woman, why do you go about to recover the wind of me, as it you would drive rao into a toil; Silonce that dreadful bell, it is a oustom more honored in tho breach than the observance. Thus far into the bowels of the land have we marched on without im pediment, tho undiscovered country from whoso bourne no travcllor returns. I'vo lately had two spiders crawling upon my startled hopes. I'll henceforth deal with shorter-sightod fools ; nono aro for me, that look into my deeds with thinking eyes. My words fly up, my thoughts remain below, and I'll mako a ghost of him that lots me. Unhand mc, gentlemen 1 I can rant as well as thou ! The rest is silence ! !" There's a message for a fellow to carry upstairs ! and so I remarks to Mr. M., and says, " But, sir, I oant romolnber all that !" when ho says, iu his jolly sort o' way, "Here's two dimonds and a arf, aud now bo off An old actor like you.- ought to ' swallow ' that at one reading ; bcaides you are not supposed to be ' letter perfeot.'" So I goes, and does my heat, and gets slated (for making a mess of old William) in every blessed paper in that dried up old skittle- ground, you calt Australia. "Misquote," says they. "Misquote ho blowed, I. should liko to know who wouldn't mis quote, if he had'as much quoting to do as I have!" Hero, the table began to jump about vory much, but after a wild at tempt to "cover the buckle," whioh was clumsily done, owing to thero being no legs to tho packing cose, Bingles continued, " I'm only the theatrical correspondent, hut if you coald seo the classical' coves, you'd wonder, and no mis take. There's an old party living hard by in a tub, to save rent, hut he's a mean cuss, and says his name's Diogenes. Of course, as I'm only tho 'Theatrical Corre spondent,' I oughtn't to communicate any thing out of my lino, but I can't help it, for whilst I'm ou tho cackle I must oht with it and toll you that tho goin's on dawn here is peculiar, for only a scintilla or two ago, thero came down an order for Julias Cicsar, who was having an argument with Escu- lapius on the subject of Gaul, .which Escu- lapi'us said was a very bad thing, and led to iudigestiou. Julius Ctesar said it didn't,, and there would have been a 'muss,' if Dr. JohnBon" hadn't, come .and put things to. rights, and said that spelling made all the difference. Look hore, sir ! My mind's ip a muddle ! I'm here, and you are there; you want to got news out of us, but you noverrcci-" prooato, and I have no news to communicate, except that ' the world has uof grown honest ;' and what is more, I don't think it ever will. If you blokes on the scientific 'lay' only know -how we ; coves -laughs at yon, you would ' blow ' a littlo gentler, but 1 suppose you are coming' the 'Jim Crow 'business, and working-up tho ' fakement ' whilst it's now. Society down here is a littlo mixed, but, a9 a rule, chaps get sifted into their E laces pretty fair. Languages are beastly othering, but wo can generally got some 'new chum' from Leicester-square to do tho 'turn'- for a trifle. Why do we make so many mistakes ? I like your cheek ! If vou had as many answers to make as I have, you'd mix 'cm dreadful. Have I any pri- .vate information to impart? Ycb, I. have. Mrs. Fotiphar is the chaperon par excellence in this sphere, and Baalam says that donkey of his was a mule. Likewise Jonah has been niaking himself disagreeable on the subject of ocean traffic and international communica tion; bat. Noab, who is- chairman of tho marine board hore, fixed his flint for him by asking, if because lie had made ono misetablo littlo voyage iu a whale, he was going to put himself on a par with tho skipper of an international acclimatisation ship ? The fact is, 'Cully,' you take things too easy, and put faith in news'that aren't worth a ' rap.' " Here the rapping stopped, aud though I worked off my olectric powers to t'neir utmost, Biugles cut mo "like a bird!" G; "No, I am not disappointed; Bingles, probably, has 'his reasons ' for not saying more, and I think he has said quito enough for 'two dimonds Anri a urf " HENRY MORIN HUMPHREYS. 