Syäney to Wattle Plat and Back. | [FROM A CORRESPONDENT-] AlJdXRALIANS IN A ¡SNOW STORM. LEFT Sydney by 5.10 p.m. train on Thursday, October 3i arrived at Bathurst, 3.30 a.m. on Friday. Tho latter pari journoy, viz,, trom Macquarie Plains, about eleven mil being done by coach, and through heavy ruin. After enj lng a seat by a comfortable Ure ut host Phillips, and an ext lent cup of cottee and breakfast, although very much iuclii for steep, still I felt ready for tlie couch (which was to le; Bathurst for Wattle Flat ut half-past 5), tho ruin still full vory heavily. Whilst waitlug for the couch, and wishi the rain to holdup, at least unsil my journey was ended noticed what appeared very extraordinary (I am an Aust Han, having been born in Sydney), but on calling tho utt tion of a friend, »nd fellow passenger, and ono who ca from Old England, ho told mo that although it might sei strange to me, it was nothing unusual whore lie came fr« and on my asking for an explanation, he told me tl I now boheld a regular snowstorm. I could hardly cru it, but such was tho ease, for my expressions of surpr brought out all the other passengers fruin the .nmg wm room, where they were quite comfortable, mid I had plen of testimony to confirm iny friend's statement. There is mlHtake about it, I was pleased, beeuu.se here I was (as I sa before, a native Au«traliun), after reading grund descriptio of snowstorms in the old country, und wishing to have n eyes gluddened with such u sight, und even journeying umon< the mountains in winter for that purpose, hut in vain, m actually without even thinking of snow, let alune looking I it, having it before 1117 gaze. I could nut control my expri sion of pleasure, which seemed to tun use tho old fogies, w were well usod to such night». By this time the couch (ono Cobb aud Oo.'a) caine up, and 1 was compelled tn lung heartily (I could not possibly help it) at the. strange appearai.. the driver presented to my astonished gu/.e. Only fancy, 11 follow Cornstalks, a huge, good-tempered fellow, in wliut first had been au Immense great cont, black, but now turin white ; ho would have mude a splendid ghost in the eur morning. gloom-only I fancy ghosts ure not qui so solid. I never met one, so cannot speak po tlvely on that subject. However, we bad take our places, and started about huif-past 5 a m. tor Wat Fiat, the snow still falling. I um ut ull times fond having a seat on the box alongside the driver, but I mi confidently confess thut 011 the present occasion, it was u sig to nee the way. I cleared all observations in my way, ai seemed like an acrobat, in my anxiety to be lirst insidei couch. By this tuno the snow was falling very heavily, ul the further we got from Bathurst the heavier the snow stui got. We stopped nu the plains to take up two lady p: sedgers, who wished to go to Sofala, and uno nf them wus determined to go, thut she said shu would ride on tho b rattier than be left behind, us sho dad 11 relative t,her iiiothei believe) sick at Sofala. We made ruom fur them with KM pleasure, but hud to brush u great quantity of snow off thc before tluy were comfortable, us they had beon waiting wit out any sheltnr, exposed tn th« storm before thu coa came up. At the first puollo-house on the wuy, although t coach stopped, no one had the leust wish to get 01 tho storm being fearfully heavy, and tho ground being cover pretty thiok, tim trees also being heavily loaded with it ; : tact lt was now so heavy, some of the passengers wished th hud stopped in Bathurst ; und although I wus well picas with the s now at starting, I had imw urn ved u' u v«rdict, m that vfiin. I was having too much ufa good thing, und chis i fact was the opinion of all. The exciting part of ihejouru now commenced, us the snow proved too heavy for many the trees, and hvuvy brunches were fulling in all directim even across our road, or whut upp«ured to bo our road, us no could be aeon, and the wonder to us wus, how tho driver con find his way. Our eys were fuirly tired now ; snow on tl ground, 011 the trees, felines, hay »tacks, in mot every wher and to mend the mutter, and malte things more exciting, tl horses would seem to take turns in fulling down, not beean of their bud condition, because they were splendid cuttle ui driven by 11 careful and first-class driver, ono of Cobb ai Co.'s best drivers (I regret thut I huve forgotten his nunn but because the snow Iud tlie logs and hollows, and they cou not all bo avoided. My English friend now assured ni that although ho had seen many snow storms, th beat all-it was positively fearful. The driver at times ha to clear the snow off the roof of the couch it gathered 1 fast, and increased the danger of capsizing. M.y Englii friend wasnaturally moreanxlous than any of us, as only few weeks before lie was capsized on the sumo road and bro! his collar bone. Ho doo* not live many yards from tho ofll of the 2'oivn and Country Journal, audcuii vouch that it w ono of tho heaviest snow storms over seen in Australia, I d not ut all like leaving my nice dry seat and havo to jump o in the snow, to help with tho horses when any little uccide happened ; but it hud to be done und I got used to it at lin Bo much so, that when wo stopped to change horses, I coi menced my maiden game of snowballing, und a» I was t. lirst to thrownt my fellow passengers, I could not complu if they returned it, und as the odds were ut times ut least 3 1 against me, I must confess I got much moro than I gav and hud to beat a retreat. At thisjitoppiiig-plnce tho peop had rollod two immense snow bulls, und I eudeuvourc to roll ono of them down the hill, but onl succeeded in sending it a few yiirds, it surprise me to see tho quantity it gatheralAas itfgmovei so much so, that nt last I could not move it. Duri 11? th j me tho horses hud been changed, nn'l alf wu weit nguiu, bi hud not gone far before tho driver had to gut down, and clot the road of brunches which had füllen und obstructed ot way. Wo soon all had to turnout (except the two ludios und wulk up the celebrated Wyagdon mountain. This wus dreary und dirty wulk, us every now and then seoing who appeared to he u firm part iu 'he road, I would stop on it, am have the pleasure {?> of slipping oil'11 log or stone «mongs tho snow, I very soon got tired uf it, und wag very thunkfu when the top of tho mountain was reached, although betör I took my seat iu tho coach, I took timo to admire the gram suene bolaro mu. Fuitcy looking from tho top of a very liigl mountain, and as far us tho eye could roach, overytliiiq appeared ono mass of snow. It was a sight never to be for gotten. After crossing Wyagdon, wo appeared to travo gradually downhill; und, alter 11 great t. mount of shaking and many narrow shaven of being capsized, by tho yerj great caro exercised by our driver, wo arrived ut Wuttlo Flu ut half-pant ll o'clock, tired, cold, and hungry,and not at al backward lu taking something warm to keep out the cold. The first thing that drew my attention on reaching Watti« Flat was an immense snowball, or Ilmight morejproperly cal ita hill or bunk of snow, ut least S tuet high, lt, seemed tc me that after miling it until it could not be moved, the diggers hud amused themselves by piling it up on tup, until it reached that great height. Butinions seemed quite suspended, unless tho business ot'snowballing, mid thur, wus brisk enough, us everyone seemed anxious for his noiglibour to givo iii m a crack, so that un excuse could be. got tor giving u scoro in return. BEEFS AND MININO PROSPECTS After having dinner, and tho snow having ceased tailing (a heavy gide of wind now sprung up) 1 took u turn amongst u few of the reofs in tho ¡inmediato neighbourhood of where I expected to stay for tho night. Amongst others, I went down tho sha ft of the celebrated Comet. The malinger was very obliging, and came down with me, showing me how the reef dipped, and explaining to me how he Intended carrying on the works. They huvo some very good s'tone at gru«, und tho manager showell me some very nico spec:« mens. They ure now putting down their permanent sha ft, und lt is being done ina very creditable manner 1 also visited tho Kock claim, mid they have opened out, und show several gold-bearing veins, iuid huvo som" good stone ut .crass. They i4*i> uro ge» m « on nicely with their permanent shaft. Another claim oloso to, and intact adjoining- thu Rock, hus j nsf cowm<*i|Ced, und is getting up good stone. It is to lie ö-died, I bpi it yp, tho Bell Kook, hut is not in the murkut vet. They ara sending a ton of stone to Sydney to he crushed. Tho Baron llnthvehifd cjosfl by. hus u splendid shalt going down. It ls now down 11 great depth. I also visited the British Em pire, »nd the way they uva piloting their permanent shalt down ts something to look at. It i* y rory creditable piece <f Work, and the manager and hi« men should feel proud "fthe'r vrorlf. Ono now claim, not yet in the murker, I think called tha Vito Jpug, 'o guUinp good stone, and will be tending a io» to Sydney in a few days to bo crushed. I saw nomp Aplaudid «uyt'ucü stone ¿taken from a lease, I think the owners auld it wini to ho called Tho Becket. It is something extraor dinarily rich. I om notable toglyc any further information «ii to tho intentions of Itbe/owiiurs of .the Hocket Bfling neurjy tired out. ofter having ten, I was glad to retire to bed ; the hoary Rifle stilf ujanying) und kept mi nil night, cleared oft" most of the snow by mnpniiitfjulf hough tho ground was Vt*ry sloppy mid dirty. Aller break lits*, on /saturday, lind a good rumble, revisiting some of-the claims, mid back tp Mr. Ray's H"tel again, to dinner, having just comfortably finished which, I was ready to take my place in thc couch jlwhioh then canto up) for Bathurst, leaving Wattle Flat nt About half-past I p.m., and, after tho usual shaking, reached Bathurst ut dusk on Saturday night. Alter being refreshed with a wash und comfortable tea, »trolled out for a cou plo of hours to sea Bathurst by night and gaslight. Bathurst is a Vfiip' prettv placo, gborj bnjidjn/rs, »nd plenty of truda seemed TOM AND NED PAKSONS ON A BUSHRANGING EXPEDITION. to be doing. I have no doubt S3'dney people will very often visit Bathurst when the railway is completo, especially when they know that they can leave Sydney on Saturday afternoon, spend all dav Sunday hi Bathurst, and be in Sydney on Mon day morning by 7 o'clock. On Sunday visited Kelso, and had a walk round the outskirts of Bathurst. By the way, Mr. Wobb's mansion and grounds, and his business premises in town, are worth going to see. I left Baturst at 8.30 p.m., Sunday, and reached Sydney, on Monday, at 7 a.m., after a snort out piuusuui. H. P. 