THE FAMILY GHOST. (Continued from 551): :" In the midst of iny cogitations,'I per ceived that the wick of my. candle had at tained, to a portentious length, and even assumed a splectral appearance; but some how I telt a reluctanceto'perform the neces: sary operation of curtailing it. ' While I 'was debating within myself the'important ques-. tion, cTo snuff, or net to snuff.?:a slight noise near me caused me to look up. 'n the course of those few moments a strange alteration had taken place in the whole re-" gime of the apiartment! " "'Every 'heap of apples, except that on which 1 was seated; had disappeared?.. The floor was covered with an old faded carpet of woven .lists, much darned. .Four high backed 'narrow-seated chairs, with canebot toms, that looked as if'they had bieen pait of the furniture of Noah's ark, occupied the four corners of the room. A 'very small oinder-fire was burning in the little grate, whence my candle had been removed to a round-about tea-table, with a top like an old-fashioned circular mahogany waiter, on which stood a verylean pint decaihter, a high narrow wine glass,. and an old-fashionea pinched cooked-hat. " But the crowning wonder of the scene was Martin 'O!denfield ini prop2~ia personw, seated in 'his veritable high-backed elbow chair, with his horn spectacles on his nose, and the memorable snuff-box in his hand,. which he held towards me with a significant gesture. I believe I should have cried:'out in my surprise and terror'at this.strange phantasma, but I had lost all' power to ejaculate asound. It was to no purpose that I rallied my be wildered faculties, and endeavoured to ad-. dress an adjuration to Martin, requiring himn to explain the cause of his unrest and pre sent 'aplpearance; my toingife clave to 'the roof' of my month, and articulatioo became inpossible, though I made repeated efforts" to speak. " " At each attempt Martin bent forward as if tdo listen, with an air of stiff courtesy that savoured greatly of the' old school, and this' show of ghostly attention embiarassed ine more than ever. "There hle sat, with his grey glassy eyes staring at 'm through.his moony spectacles, with a sort' of dull leaden fixiure in their raylesi:orbs, that wa' perfectly oppressive; yet at the same time I found it impossible. to avert mine from his stonv countenance, though 'they ached from the initensity of theirgaze. I wished 'lie would 'have filled his antiquaied wine glass, stirred the fire, taken 'snuff, in short, done anytling but stare; but 'he did nothing else. T'here was a.le'an grey' grimalkin, too, that I had not before observed, sitting on a threaidbare: brown hassock by the fire, who imitated hi's examiple, ahd I liked her regards even less than ithose of MRaitin, for there was a sort of covert malignity in the glare of her'green dilated eyes, as if she meditated springing upon me. "'Hour after hour passed away in this manner; I thoughtit must begetting late. My candl :was wasted to a mere snuiff,'which began to cast" up onmnoius flashes, and to split and isplutter in the socket in its expiring' agoniesp threatening eery'imoment to leave me in 'utter 'darkness 'to the discretion of Martin and the spectre puss. The formeir, howe~ie ,'gave some' indicai;iobs that he was abouto d'take his departure. "'H :romoved his spectacles from his pug nosi,' wipes the glasses on' the laippet of his coat, and put them, together with his sndiff.' box, into his: pocket:''He'took the little' pinched cookd-hait fironi:the table, rose frdm: his seat, and 'moved towiards o"e o6f the closet doors by the fireside"'witih the slow measured piae of'an automaton;' . " i'pierceived with inexpressible dismay that it was his initention to make his exit ithrough the one in my immiediate vicinity. I would fain haie fled the garret, "but, had nio power ito move." My"ihair bristledivith horror as:the grey grimalkin, prepared to follow, and so near did they come that I felt a certain cold wind froni m Martin's ghositly gab edine as they passe i?;e. S"H' enitered the closet on' my left h~iid, and turning about. with great' solemnity, beckoned me to follow. " Ere Icould resolve to obey Ithe .awfiul suminmons, my candle gave its fareweil flash and expired, leaving me 'no other' lIght than the green gliire of pussy's'eyes, which weire disitended to tihe size of saucers, and fillnig the closet ,with a ghastly radianice., . i : ; "i i "Terror had reached its climax, when 1 tHas roused oTom myl stuporil horror, by re?: peatere, screams,. and ftundi myself:solus, seated on a heap ofapples, in broad.dyliglir, but cold and comfortless, having acquired a severe fit of lumbago during my unlucky' vigil:in the haunted garret. . . "The screams proceeded fi om Mrs. Oldenfield's cook, and under housemaid, who havinr visited the scene of Martin's noc. turnalt diversions, to fetch: some apples for a pudding, mistook mefor tihe family ghost, nor could any explanation from: me ever persisuade them to the contrary. "Just .as I expected,". observed. my. rmother, "you fell asleep while you were fixing your attention drowsily on the long s'nuff of your candle, and your imagination, being pre- occupied with the idea of Martin )ldenfield, and the oral traditions of his person, costume,.and furniture, busied itself by bringing them all before you in the form of one of those mysterious fragmentary scenes of mental romance, which we call a dream." SMy antiquarian cousin bowed with a scep tical smile, as much as to sky, "'l never contrailict a lady." SMy mother understood him, and resumed, ' You would not surely have us believe that you actually saw, not only the ghost of Martin Oldenfield,.but tliat of his cat ?" " Under favour, madam, I did not say I saw the ghlost of his. cat; I ientioned, indeed, that there was a spectral appearance hi the fiorm of a cat in atttendance on Martin; but I opine it mighl;possibly have been the spirit of the old housemaid whom he was accustomed to'pay'for sweeliiig his garretihermitage and making his bed." S"But, my good cousin,' how does that mnpposition agree with your theory ofthe :solitary nature of ghosts ?" asked my sister, labghing. " I think," replied.he, " I mentioned one very notable exception to that undoubtedly general rule." " You did," oliserved I," and, my worthy. kinsman, you might'have cited others quite as oiedible, as the appearance'of the royal English saint, Queen Margaret, and' her .warlike Scottish concert, at the battle of Laeggs, wlhere I suspect their defunct Miajes ies, were. personated by a pair of valiant North British champions, clad in costumes suitable for carrying :'out' the de vice." "It is.more thimn possible," returned he, " that'you havehit on.the true solution of the miracle; but can you quote any instance of a plurality of apparitions equally well authenticated ?" · • " Have you forgotten," said I, '"the narrative so gravely and circumstantially related by that learned Anglo-Noirman chronicler,:Ordericus Vitalis,' how Walke lin,. the. parish priest of. Bonneval, mencounte'ed one bright moonlight nitht, in the 'eairly part of January, 1091, as he was on his return from visiting one of hissick parishioners, a numerous troop of lost spirits taking a midnight gallop on fiery black steeds, with red hot stirrups, among. whom he reoognised many of hisintimate acquaint aices,, harons, . knights, ecclesiastics, and ladies, hitely deceased, besides the palfreys 'ad mules of Certaiin.noble ladies,. who: were still alive' ?" " Strange to say, that legend has escaped me," replied my antiquarian cousin, "' but. does Ordericus vouch for.its fruth ?". . : "', Most solemnly; for he not oniy, gives dates and names, but affirms,. ' he had the story"fromii the lips of Walkelin 'himself, who' even showed him the black marks indelibly impressed by the scorching grasp of the spirit. of William 'de Flos, the wicked steward , of. William de Bretbuil, Earl of Hereford, when he took him by the throat,: and threatened to'strangle'him, for 'declining to perform a commission for Ithe benefit of his soul, by going to his "widow Beatrice aid his son Roger de Flos, and eixhorting them to restore amill to the righttul owner, who had mortgaged it to him for a sum of money in his distress, and from whom' he had wrongfully detained it, and left it'to his own heirs. rie deceased extbrtioner com plainsed, withal, that 'he was condemned to carry in his mouth a red hot bar of iron fiom ithat mill, till posthumoius restitution waslmade. Walkelin 'was delivered 'from tfis fiery gripe by the spirit of his deceased hb other, Robert le Blonde, who came to the' rescue, in consequence of his fervent invoca tion.to holy Mary and her blessed'Soin foi aid, :and took the.opportunity of giving him a suitable exhortation to amend his own life, lest he should be condemned to the like pains and penalties hiereafter.' . ".: The narrative is of considerable .length, and very eircumstantiali but the only thing that appears incredible at first to Ordericus' is the alleged recognition by Walkeliti, in thismunhappy company, of the saintly Bishop Hugh of Lisieux, and the pious Abbot Manier,' of his own convent of St;. Evroult, and several others who had died- in the odour of sanctity, and;, according t.hli.r~,nn esfimation, were rather :;nssocited :with bePtified ipirits in hiiaven. -.' But,' observes our. worthy chronicler, .' luman judgement. i3 often tallible, for man ilooketh only ,to,; outward appearances, but God searcheth the:.,: h e a r t.'." . ,.... , . , . . , ,, , , ,' ..:; ! " Yes, 1 recollect, the. story now," said my .; antiquarian cousin,, smiling; ".Walkelin - was a popular preacher of the eleventh. century, :and:I doubt not but the fame, of.:,' his vision assisted him in the, acquisition of ! the 'bishopric to which,' his friend'- : Ordericous tells us..' he was preferred.'"-' : :The tradition of Walkelin's nocturnal en counter with the reprobate' spirits lingers, we are told, in the neighbourhood of ithe place where it is described as having occured, at the field of Olivet, near'the cross roads, called Fossee .Malades, from'the graves:of those who had perished during a terrible pestilence, which had devastated the adjace'nt towns and villages. Now as Walkelin:was attacked with a severe; illnes'i iinmediately afterwards, his terrific:vision might'possibly have been the:effect ofthe malaria acting on an exciteable temperament. Aunt Susan Pays," Suppose all the men were in one count'y, and all the woiien in another, with a. big river betweeii: th.mn. Good gracious ! what lots'of girli Would. be drowned'l" ' ' 