EXTRAORDINARY HOAX. .Fifty Baptist minister« quartered durine the annual conference held in Chicago at the University, were lately thrown into a terrible state of excitement. To understand the situ ation, it is to be known that the committee of reception, in order to accommodate the nearly 1,500 delegates expected, were driven to some expedient to provide for their entertainment. Among the other ways and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend strangers were consigned to the hospitality of the Utii ver-sity. The boarding department of this in stitution is under the care of the Rev. W. W. Smith and hi9 efficient wife, who, being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to to minister to the comfort of half a hundred ministers—but where to deposit them of nights was a grave and difficult question, lhe matter was mastered, however, by Mrs bmith with her well known energy, who or dered the large chapel in the upper part of the building to be cleared out, and dispatch ing messengers hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs, &c.;, soon transformed the appearance of the room into that of a country tavern in fair time. Fifty beds were I made on the floor, and five nights passed by, ! and the brethren were happy. Last evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to their quarters and prepared to retire for the ! night, little dreaming of the calamity over- ¡ hanging them. The night passed. It was about half-past 4 o'clock in the morning that an "early bird" began to think about the ! worms. Half asleep, he felt about in the ac customed place for his pants—they were gone ; his vest and coat were also missing. , Nothing was to be found. The unhappy con futed man sits up in bed, and is puzzled to know what has happened to him. Has he been robbed ? Has anybody been murdered? I Gradually these thoughts passed »ftrough his 1 mind and flashed upon him. Then he looked around.Where are L *her B.'s clothes?— goaei Brother T.'s big boots?—gone! Where are all the pieces of. clothing usually adorning the chairs ahd tables about the room ? gone !—gone .'—not a vestige re maining. The frightened minister, with screams of alarm, shouting, " Robbers ! thie ves! burglars! sprang from his bed, and soon the fifty were made aware of the doleful situation. The scene that followed beggars description—indeed, forbids details. The fifty unclothed rushed hitber and thither in the excitement of the moment, vainly seeking something they could not find. Considerable amounts of money, railroad tickets, watches, &c.;, were gone, and consternation dire sat upon every brow. One could not but have j pitied these distressed brethren, and yet not uT laughed at their embarrassment would baye been impossible—it was ludric rous in the extreme. A single white garment was the entire of their individual attire, with a veiy few exceptions. It looked like a lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in the early dawn. Here there could be seen a preacher with one boot on—only that and nothing more. Another rashing around, dressed as above mentioned, with the addition of a tall black hat, and some only the addition of a necktie, borne wrapped a sheet about them and strode solemnly up and down the room, adding great ly to the ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous ap pearance of the scene. " How shall we ever get home ?" savs one. Oh, dear me, what will my wife say when soe bears about this ?" says another. In the meantime the startling news of this sacreligons burglary bad spread through the building, and professors, students, and por ters hurried in to help to sympathize, and de vise ways and means of dressing the unfortu nates. All were in despair. Fifty suits of clothing, with pants long enough and vests big enough for that number of ministers could hardly be found in a moment At this instant a discovery was announced. A pile of clerical cut garments liad been found m the University chapel—a nuinher of boots under the stairs. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled souls—it was a college trick. The room had been entered in the night by some mischievous students, who had played the practical joke upon the reverend gentlemen. When the news was made known, and the prospect of recovering their lost property—of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments—such a shout of laughter went up as never fifty Baptist ministers shout ed before. A grand stampede was now made for *11 parts of the building, and a thorough inquisi tion made for boots, hats, coats, pants, <fcc. I he ladies boarding in the building prudentlv letired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministers could be seen exploring every nook and corner where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted. The search was in the main successful, and when our reporter left eyerything lost, but a simple coat, had been recovered. Ko money, or watch, or other valuables had been purloined.—New York Gazette. 