EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH. The opening services .of the newly-erected Bethleliem Lutheran Church* Flinders-street* took .place on Sunday, June 23. The morning proceedings were entirely in German. The choir rendered, efficient assistance throughout the day; Mr. J. G. Hansen ably presiding at the organ, which was manufactured by Mr. Wolff, and is a fine, sweet, full-toned instrument, of good compass and power. Before unfastening the door the Rev. P. J. Oster, of Rosenthal (a hymn having been sung by the choir) addressed the . assemblage which was congregated in front from the words, " I was glad when they said unto \- me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within Thy gates, O Jerusalem."— Psalms cxxii. 1,2. Heremarkedthatlast year they assembled to lay the foundation, and what they then prayed for was fulfilled, for the church with its lofty spire now stood completed before them. The present was an important, occasion for his German fellow-colonists, who were about .to enter the building to celebrate divine worship. The edifice by the blessing of God had been erected without any accident occurring to those who worked on it The duty and honour bad fallen to his hands of being the one who had to open the door, thereby enabling the, congrega tion to assemble andhold the first divine service within the walls. Having _ referred to the principles of the denomination, he opened the doors in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost The ministers, followed by the assemblage, then proceeded into the sanctuary, the choir singing until all the" people were seated. The Rev. C. F. A, Strempel, of Hahndorfj in .an able address referred to the success of their labours, and to the thanks J •which were due to' the Almighty for the blessings He .had bestowed. Prayer was fol lowed by the congregation singing the hymn commencing,. "Kin feste Burg ist unser , Gott; Ein gute Wehr und Waif en." After j service at the communion-table another hymn was sung by the choir. The Rev. Mr. Heidenreich then preached from Revelations xxi. 1 to 5. At the beginning of the discourse h6 spoke of the success of their labours, and of the libe rality shown by both English and German resi dents in all parts of tim province. ■ He also referred at length to the duties of a con gregation and the observances of worship.^ A collection was then .made, which realized £26 17s. 7d. Praise followed, service at the Communion - table recommenced, and the proceedings closed with further ring ing, In the afternoon there was a crowded attendance, numbers of English persons being present. The service, which was entirely j English, began with the singing of the hymn " Great God Thy watchful care we bless." The Rev. C. G. Teichelmann then read from 2 Chronicles, vi. 12, to the end; and the hymn "The Kingdom of God" having been sung, he preached from 1 Peter, ii. 4, 5. He held that the opening of such an edifiice for public divine worship, the dedication of another house of prayer, could not hut be an occasion for joy and pleasure, just as even , in ordinary life when persons came into the possession of a nice comfortable dwelling, after having lived perhaps for years in a primitive colonial style. Having realized the desire of their hearts it was natural for . them to' be glad and rejoice. He remem bered how at the commencement of the colony they had to content themselves with places for worship built of broad palings and such like materials. The first jGerman sermon was preached in a building of that kind. They should not merely rejoice hut be grateful to the Giyer of every good and perfect gift, who had granted the desire of His servants, and enabled them with assistance to complete the church thus ., far; thereby an additional though but an external proof had been given that God and His Christ are still believed in and honoured in South Australia as God and Saviour. He hoped nothing would be preached within the walls but repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus' Christ unto remission of sins and sanctification through the Spirit. Having finished fbig house of prayer and dedicated it to God, to what, he asked, were they now to direct attention ? He find chosen for his text 1 Peter ii. 4 5—"To whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious, ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual bouse, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ." He preferred the marginal reading, " be ye built up." The answer which the words read gave upon the question he propounded wss twofold: First, "that we, as lively or living stones, are now to build ourselves up a spiritual house upon Jesus Christ, the living corner-stone." Secondly, "that, as holy priests, we are now to build or constitute ourselves into a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable unto God by Jesus Christ." He spoke of the figurative character of the text, and said the thing for them to do was that each should daily, conti nually to the end of life, come to Christ and build upon Him. He then enlarged upon the mode in which that was to be accomplished, and quoted Paul's words, where he spoke of sacri ficing all things that he might win Christ and be found in Him. They must also be close to each other, below or upon each other, just as they were fitted by the Divine Master-Builder. In illustration he asked them to look at that erection from without, and see how every stone and each part iras fitted and united to others suited to its place and did its \- duly; how one bore the weight and the burden of the other; how one part contributed to the beauty of others; how all contributed to the perfection of the whole from the foundation bp the tower. Looking at the inside from the r to the ceiling they would see the same, ery single part, eveiy ornament was not only , in its proper place but enhanced the beauly of j other portions. There was no jarring amongst Hie different parts, no envying each other's place or special beauty. He might almost say that every atom of which the house was built was vieing with the other to make it a perfect, handsome, and agreeable house for those who came to meet in it. Should not this simile teach them how ready and willing they ishould be to be built up_ into one spiritual house by the Divine Master, the Spirit of God. Should not therefore the colour rise to their faces at their conceit and want of charity when parading with party names—one of Paul, another of Apollos, another of Cephas, and yet'another of Christ. If they were living stones indeed, living in Christ, and daily coming unto him as the living corner-stone, they would consider it a sacred duly to lay aside party claims, give over making proselytes to their own little sects, and strive unitedly to build themselves up into one spiritual house, into one habitation of God through the one Spirit. If they neglected to do this and only concerned themselves to build their own tabernacles, they might depend upon it that they never would rear the temple of the living God. If they were living- stones indeed they should act in all humility with practical love and forbearance to each other. Then the Spiritual bouse would the sooner grow into a holy temple of the Lord. The second answer given by the text showed that it was a duty and privilege in consequence of every-believer having been, made and consecrated in and through Christ by the Spirit, a holy, a royal priest, to offer up spiritual sacrifices. Every believer bore the character rod dignity of a holy and royal priest whether man or woman, whether bond or free. • They needed and could have no mediator between 'God- and themselves but their elder brother, tiw.Gwat High Priest—Jesus—who for theMhadpfferod an afconing sacrifice. Having re ferred to the spiritual sacrifices which God ex pected fromoach believer, he said that when the Christian Church did not prosper so much : as was wuhed,'it fans their own fault for not using the means whichGodhadplaeed at their disposal. They were . not eo faithful as they should be, or did not appropriate the privileges they could claim as a holy 'priesthood. They did not consider sufficiently their yduty towardi God and their co-redeemed fellow-men. Each of them should examine himself to ascertain whether he was really building as a living stone upon Jesus Christ,: the chief and living comer-stone, into ft spiritual house of God with his fellow-Christians, or whether he was merely concerned about his own party tabernacle. The preacher closed an earnest dis course, spoken m clear -language, with the exhortation of the Apostle Paul: — "My beloved brethren, be ye standfast, immovable, always abounding in the wbrk of the Lord; for asmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord." The service closed with ringing. The contributions reached £28 lis. In the evening theaudienoe. was large, and the Rev. P. J. Oster preachadxrom Luke xix,, 1 to I 10\. The collection was £10 14s., making the total pecuniary proceedsj£66 2s. 7<L We may here remark that the new church, which was designed by Mr, James Gumming, is in the early Gtpiic style, built of dark rubble stone, with rusticated quoins and dressings of cement The principal 'enjxance is in the centre of the frontJ,stfsdthrongh;(a vestibule under the tower, thence by an inner lobby to tbe aisles. The total length of the ipterior is 77 feet, the Breadth 43 feet and 'ihe ke3gh.t from floor to upper portion of the oeolltigisoO feet At the further end is a dais, tmy^mffiarethe altar and pnlpit both of cedar ertruhed with bronzed metal- work. A gaffeiyrojMabross the front of ihebnflding, and und&^^fatsa each side of the vestibule is a room measuffejjgover ISfeetsquafe. At the roar there is abrilpMBuring 30 by 18 feet and 14 fret inl||iSitifeSThe building is lighted by lancet winS#f»i*1|he rides and rose vradoTOOTer the g^T#briasdi^itingjs by "starlights" suspended from the ceiling. The tower, which is of a continental character, rising to a height of 118feet from the ground, contains a large chamber, in which are to be placed three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon eaptured from the French during the late war, and presented by Prince Bismarck on behalf of the Emperor. The main building was designed to accommodate between 400 and 500 persons, but it is believed there is room for about 600. Over the pulpit is an arched recess, containing in German ornamental lettering the words, "The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth" (Romans i. 16). In front of the stand on which is placed the vessels used in the observance of the Lord's Supper is the sentence, embossed on cloth— " Come, for all things are now ready." (Luke siv. 17.) The_ building has externally a striking appearance, is substantial yet neat, and the materials are evidently excellent. Inside -the sanctuary baa a light- taste ful- look. The acoustics are "good, and the- ventilation -admirable. - The gas-fittings, which are bright and well arranged, are valued at £50, and have .been presented by Mr.'H. L. ; Vosz. A" communion. service worth' £20 has been -given ■ by Mr. Sterner, and some anony mous contributor on Sunday morning got into the .church nnawares and. left, a pair of handsome ' silver-gilt vases. Liberality .has . been shown, not. only by those chiefly interested in th?g place of worship, but by persons of other creeds and nationalities. Our German fellow- citizens may certainly be now congratulated upon having in the metro polis a building for public worship more in harmony with their numbers, intelligence, enterprise, and means, than the small and in convenient structures which have hitherto been used. .... 