STANDING AT B A T, A MEW" NOVEIS BY G. A. W AL STAB, Author of " Pierce Charlton's. Wives," etc. Wkitten Expressly fob "The Weekly Times," Will be commenced ON SATURDAY 1st JUNE. LITERATURE. DENE HOLLOW. BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST LYNNE," Chapter XIX. — Miss May, A field whose perfume was redolent of new- mown hay, and whose prolific cockB told sf a good crop, lay open to the sun, on the fair June morn ing. The day was yet early : the hay-makers sang, at their work. Attended by her nurse, Susan Cole, came a pretty little lady of some three years old. with a round lovelv childish free, and rich — « 9 — brown eyes that looked out frankly from their long brown lasheB, curling upwards. She; wore a large white sun-bonnet, after the fashion of the children ef the district, and was doing her heat to scatter the hay about that the hay-makers had just raked up. Doing it quite in defiance of Susan Cole, for she was a very Baucy and independent youhglldy indeed, continually in hot water with the ruling powers. " Miss May, don't I tell yoti that them big cooks are not to be disturbed to-day — giving double trouble! I never see such a naughty little child as you are in all my life." Miss May's answer to this Was to climb np one of the mounds and pitch-pole down on the other aide, bringing all the top of the cock with her. There she sat, quite still, for a wonder. And stillness was so unusual an element in Minn May Arde, that Susaa Cole stepped round to see what other mischief she might be in. . "Oh! Well, I'm sure ! Oh! You ondaoious little girl! — a pulling off your shoes and socks afore all them haymakers !'' For the young lady had been quietly divesting herself of these articles of social attire, that she might dance in the hay barefoot. Eluding Susan's grasp with a ringing laugh, she flew off screaming, and fiung hereelf into the arms of little Tom Clan- waring, whe happened to be running up. Jaittle Tom, in point of fact, but big Tom in the young damsel's eyes : his seven years compared to her three, seemed to constitute a whole age. Tom clasped the truant in his arms and kissed her : they were the best of friends. Susan, bear ing the socks and little shoes of bronze, took forcible possession now, 'and sat down on the field with the child on her lap. Bat the process of re-socking and re-shoeing was a difficult job. Laughmg, rebellious, kicking out arms and legs, struggling and fighting with SuBan, was Miss May. Tom helped — by tossing the socks over Susan's ' head. 44 Now, Master Tom, I'll tell you what it is. If you be to.encourage her in her naughty tricks, I'll ask my missus not to let you oome in here at all. Tarnt your field. She's the tiresom'st little worrit to-day that ever was. You be old enough to tel' whh vr,yi£r 1 ver d half the trouble r j T May» take your aooks off Sr 5?/ P ®m on> where'll be the end on't?" .Mibb May managed to get one in her fingers, and sent !t up on the next haycook. Tom ordered to fetch it down. At length, by dint of dexterous sleiohf nf Susan got on the socks and one shoe While wu putting on tb. other, the JoC'reW tor. that one — and tore off the stran tl/L t \ , . dthetokie. "There! Now you have done it. Mies Mar ' Your ehoe won't keep on without the etr»l_2a how the wneebe I to get yon borne in jourwokp Of all ondaoious little plagues you be the The "little pUgue»-Snwn'. etteutiouZn. momentarily absorbed by the damaged shoe— got away, seized two arms full of hay and fiune lt over Tom. The children rolled on the ground together. 44 A'most as good as a new pair, they was," lamented Suean. " And the kid be all tore right out 0' the back so ae it can't never be mended. My missis '11 blame me; she'll say I might ha' f$bk better care < Xiresome monkey 2 I naust go home for another shoe for her now. Master Tom '11 you take care o1 Miss May while I run to the Hall and back ?" Tom, feeling excessively proud at the request, turned to Susan, chivalrous earnestness sparkling from his deep blue eyes. 44 Fll be sure to take care of her, Sqsan : flhe shan't hurt herself or run away." And Susan, knowing that in point of fact both the children would be safe nhder the protection of the haymakers, men arid women, busy close by, and all fomiliar peasantii of the district departed on her brrand. : . You jmay be wonderingwho this girl of three years old is — -whose second name, Mary, generally got shortened into May. She was the child of George Arde and his present wife : the only child of the Hall. That frail blossom, the first Mary, the child of Georgo Arde and Mary the little one to whom the old Squire used to carry presents of coral heads and else,' and to whom he i.fr ila woo rin nanrA.. The delifi&te; llttlo mill iiiin i|mcculv| « wo iw » creature, who had inherited her mother's beauty, and no donbt her mother's frailty of constitution, had pined away and died. The secend Mrs. Arde did her best to nurse and cherish her into health, but it was not to be : God called ber to Himself. Before this other child was born (destined to be the second Mrs. Arde's only one), the elder was lying by her mother's side in St. Peter s church yard at Worcester. Mary happened to be the second Mrs. Arde's name also, so it was one of the names given to her infant. They had got into the habit (especially Mr. Arde and Susan Cole) of calling that departed little one the 44 first MaTy." For .this second Mary no fears were entertained on the score of health : she was hearty and strong. Susan was wont to say at reproachful moments that if she had only as little miBchievousness in her as she had tendency to sickness, she'd do. Susan Cole's life had undergone a blight— she had been crossed in love. At least, that s what she said of herself when wishing to be confidential. But where the blight had fallen, and bow it had affected her, was not so clear: certainly it had touched neither her tongue nor her cheerM temper. That false journeyman at her father's forge had married another. At the very time (as may be said) that he was whispering love vows in Susan's ear, he was courting another at Worcester . and one fine morning he wenteff and married her — a great ugly malkin, as Susan expressed it. Cole the farrier told Susan she waB well out of it j for the man (he had previously had to discharge him) had grown so drunken and idle that he was hardly worth his salt at the trade, and would not be likely to get a living for. any wife. Perhaps Susan, in her heart, thought the same, at least , she wasted no superfluous time in grief. It occurred just as she and the other ser vants were turning out of the Dene throHgh Lady Lydia: the nurse at the Hall was leaving, and Susan stepped into the post. Little Tom (Jianwaring naa peen aiiowea to run in and out of the Hall since its new mistress came to it as freely as he did before. Mrs. Arde liked the beautiful boy with his golden curb and his wonderful eyes of blue that gazed so straigbtly and fearlessly into her own ; she liked his gentle manners, and his curiously strange (at that early age) consideration for others. . No one had wept more bitterly for the little girl's death than Tom. It had pleased the child to have Tom very much with her; Mrs. Arde allowed it; and perhaps the scenes of sickness, the distressing grief evinced by Mr. Arde, had made an impression on Tom that he would never lose. That she had gone straight up to be an angel in heaven, no earthly power could have1 reasoned him out of. For days and weeks after her death, he would fanoy he saw her robed in white, with a little. hArp of gold in her hand, and a crown amid her hair, looking down at him -from the skies.. Tom — then between three and four years old — was taken to the funeral at St. Peter's by Squire Arde : and Sir Dene had. him put into mourning for his cousin. Lady- Lydia, supremely indignant, Would have pitched the black things but at Window had she dared. " Spending money to pub that beggar's brat in mourning !" she mockingly remarked to Dovet. : : A month onwardB, and the other little girl oame to the Hall to replace the one loBt, Tom had never seen anything so wonderful as this new baby. The reverence with which he would regard the infant, when allowed to bold her for a minute in his arms (seated safely flat on the carpet), was great and real. The baby called forth the first true-love of his heart : in his own mind ' he acquired a kind of proprietorship in her, and he would far rather have died , himself than suf fered harm to oome to the little one. So that when, on this day, Susan' told him to take care of her while she went home for another shoe, Tom was in the seventh region of gratifica tion. The field belonged' to Squire Arde, and was within a stone's throw of the Hall. 44 May," began Tom, ae Susan's footsteps faded on their ears, "Fve got a new picture-book that Grandma Owen bought for me. . 44 I've got it in my pocket." : May, with all her wild fun, was intensely fond of 44 picture-books." Down sat the children to gether at the foot of a haycock, their feet Btretched out (one of Miss May's shoeless) and the book held between them. Like all books bought by Mrs. Owen for Tom, it had a religious tendency. That is, while the story in itself was beautiful, and calculated en tirely to rivet the interest of a child, it insensibly led its young reader to higher and better thoughts. Such books, when they are well and suitably written, are the very best that can be put into the hands of a child. Therehas been a singular dearth of them in these later years. There tfaev sat, the two : May s little tongue asking questions about the pictures, and Tom explaining to the best of his ability. Which explanations might have sent a grown person into fits of laughter. 44 Me wis me tould read !" exolaimed May. when, the pictures exhausted— the book only contained three-they had to fail back upon the reading. 44 I'll read it to you, May," said Tom/ With their backs against the haycock, and their heads bent over the book, the little ladyV cheek touohing his, Tom began. The progress wae not satisfactory, since at the end of every two lines or so, Tom was called upon to say why fids ynt and why that was. Suddenly a shadow fell upon the book and upon them. Dp went their heads, and nearly a whole haycook was flung in their faces. Not lightly, either for: the dinger was Jarvis Olanwariag. Absorbed in the book, and with each other, neither had seen him approach. May burst into a loud oiy pf pain s the |iaj had struokher in the eye. Down went the book, and up jumped Tom. higher »did you do that fer/ Jarvis P You're HovtWdid I do ifc for» job insolent young rat ! wMI to it for i Became hm?' Baual UttloJ SUo-jnot ' v ' ' ' ''' i ' " " ' . s'": ' ' ' ff, ' ; V ' . ! May, who hated Jarvis at all times because she was afraid of him, began kicking oat with all er little might as she sat, the tears falling from her smarting eyes. . 44 Malta him go away, Tom ! make him go away. Me tell mamma." , "'You are to go away, 'please," said Tom, stand ing up bravely to shelter May. 44 You've no right thurt her, Jarvis." , „ She's not hurt— nasty stinking little toad. _ Tom, his wyes flashing fire (as his sweet-patured father's had flashed once or twioe in his brief Iff e), cibifohed hiB impotent small fist, and struckjitraight out and! upwards at Mr Jarvis s face, catching him betweenthe eyes. The blow could not hm| very mnch, but it was a bit of a smart, and it- smarted all the more because it was not expected. Jarvte, in a frantic passion, pummelled Tom's free ; back again, and an unequal fight ensued. May screamed aB if she were going mad with terror, and one of the women and Susan ' Cole ruBhed up to gether. Tom's nose was streaming With blood. Jarvis was not apparently injured, but in that ftnlminat;|pg. yrinmfinh,. he contrived to damage , himself. Turning shortly upon his heel to confront the indignant Susan, he stumbled over" a rake handle that the women had let fall, and cut his upper lip with the rake's teeth. More blood, and May screamed worse than ever through sheer ter ror. Susan caught up the child and hid her face upon her protecting shoulder. " How dare you get fighting, Master Tom— and when I left you to take care of Miss May P" de manded Susan, not caring to attack Jarvis in his present state of fury : for once, when she had interfered with him, he had kicked her in a rather serious manner. 44 Well, I'm sure ! We shall have a baby in arms, I suppose, standing up to fight next!" " He called May names," said Tom, who could not restrain his tears between pain and excite ment. 44 He hurt her in the eye." "You confounded little Dlackguard!" cried Jarvis, trying to dodge up to Tom again with out stretched hand. " Do yon suppose I shall &Bk; your leave whether I call names or not ? She is a toad. There !" 44 She's not a toad, and you shan't call her one," retorted Tom. 41 You are a coward." Further demonstrations on Jarvis's part was stopped by his swallowing a tooth ; one that had been nearly ready to fall out before, and which the blow on the rake must have quite done for. Tom Clanwaring's instinct was sure and true : Jarvis was a coward ; not only in the matter of bullying little girls and fighting boys less than himself, but in other matters. This Bwaliowing of the tooth sent him into a state of mortal terror;, he had heard a tale at school of some boy who had swallowed a tooth and died after it. Jarvis, suddenly remem bering this, turned tail and rushed off the hay- field the colour of chalk. 44 You come on to the Hall, Master Tom, that 1 n 1 n sr i your nose may be seen to, s&ia; pusan. .a. sweet pickle it's in ! Enough to frighten the crows." 4f A brave tittle gentleman, wi' all his pretty manners, that born Bon o' poor Master Geoffry's," was the comment of the woman to the other hay makers when the fray was over. " As to the big un, he's more ef a tartar nor his mother." Arde Hall was not much to look at. A rather long, red- brick building, two storeys high, with narrow windowB and a slated roof, its front look ing towards the village. The old-fashioned portico in the middle of the house opened upon a lawn that wes intersected with flower-beds, on which bees and butterflies were sporting that sunny June day. Mrs. Arde— a nice- looking, bat somewhat reserved and stately woman— fond of- gardening, was tending her flowers in a sun- bonnet and a pair of old gloves talking the while to her husband, who' sat at one of the open win- down. Naturally they felt some surprise at the entrance of the procession, Susan carrying May, who sobbed aloud still ; , Tom with a damaged face, and bleeding nose. Susan opened at once upon his delinquencies— that he "up with. his fist" and struck Master Clan waring, and they had a fight. "He called May naihes," said Tom, with fresh tears, bat looking up fearlessly. " I couldn't help hitting him." Squire Arde burst out laughing. " A very, knight-errant," said he, 44 taking up the cudgels for Capitals in distress." " But what ails May ?" said Mrs. Arde, as she took the sobbing child.'1 44 Oh, s Ac's only frightened, ma'am,' was Susan's slighting answer. 44 And enough to frighten her, to see the blood on this here face of his'n," con cluded the girl as she walked Tom off to the pump. . . The lavatory process over, Tom came back to kiss the little girl — then seated on the grass — and whisper that Jarvis should never frighten or hurt her again, or call her names, if he could it. Then he ran off home, where the discomfited and fright ened Jarvis had. previously, arrived. : At this time, Mrs. Clanwariag, the wife of John the heir, waB on a visit to Beechhurst Dene, with her daughter, Margaret, her eldest boy, and two little eons, younger : so that just now the Dene seemed full of children. She was a good- natured and a very pretty woman— her own large fortune enabling her to indulge in show and luxuries that might not even be dreamed of by Lady Lydia. For instance she had arrived with a lady's maid, and three nurses, and one male servant who was called herown footman, the party havingposted from town in two carriages and four. TheBe things were looked upon as necessaries by Mrs. Clanwaring, because she had been reared to them ; but she was, herself, entirely unpretentious, of quite simple tasteB and manner. The two ladies were sitting together in that attractive room, the library, when Jarvis burst in upon them tike" a panting ghost — if ghosts ®ver display cut lips, and chins dripping human gore. The boy was literally terror-stricken : his features were swollen with his insane endeavours to cough up the tooth coming along, his eyes rolled, his face was whiter than any ghost's ever seen yet. A deplorable figure altogether. Up jumped the Lady Lydia, uttering scream upon sore&m; ; she quite believed her darling boy was either mad or killed, and began to hog him. Pretty Mrs. Glan waring, in defiance of her good manners, laughed a little. The tale (hat Mailer Jarvis told was as good as JtPtay : no dramatif author ever drew more on fiis inventive powers. Tom was represented as a very monBter of iniquity, who had attacked Jarvis with a rale, "on fche sly," cut off his tip, and knocked all his teeth down Iris throat 1 But that the teeth were in his head still, plainly to be seen beneath Jthe swollen upper lip not cut 5? kydifti inter dismay, might have sent oft for the nearest stomach-pump. The whole house was aroused to qommotion. Basins of hot water were ordered in succession, Lady Lydia, Doret, and a doseg others bathing with soft epODgesj ud without intermission, (he injured lip. Under the assurances of my lady and Mrs. Clanwaring that a solitary tooth, going down by accident, never killed people, but on the contrary was rather good for digestion, the gentleman was soothed into calmness. The disturbance had brought forth Sir Dene from his bay-parlour, where he was engaged with accounts : he stayed long enough to hear the woeful account of Tom s savage attack, and then went back again.— From the Argosy. % 1 (TOvBE CONTINUED.) . _ . i 