NEWS GLEANINGS. ' Tub Cable and Tbahb-Atjstbauak Tree- 1 «:iupb.—On this subject the Queensland Times -writes in as querulous a spirit as the bulk of the papers in that province have hitherto done. In a late issue it says:—"The state of matters •onnected with what is commonly designated the ' Overland Telegraph Line'—that is the South Australian — is most unsatisfactory. Instead of approaching completion it appears to be retrograding, if such a motion bopossible. A month or two ago we were told that in two or three months communication with the cable at Port Darwin would be effected, and that 111 less than half that time a horse-express between the «oast and the extremity of the land wire would be established. Kow, it is said there is no chance of the work being .finished si less than twelve months. In addition to thi." a lesson has been taught us of -what the line will be continually subject to from floods, by which means communication is likely to be frequently interrupted. All this is the more provoking to the other colonies, but •specially to Queensland, because our" line to Normanton has been open and working with the most perfect regularity for the last three 'months, .not a single hitch or interruption having once occurred. It is probable that com bined action will immediately be taken by Victoria and New South Wales in connection with our Government to make the . Queensland line available, either by means, of a cable to Java or a land line to Port Darwin. It is very evident to all on this side of the world that the English Company made a great mistake when they entered into their con tract with the South Australian Government." Somewhat differently writes the _ Melbourne correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, who says:—"The subject of a second cable from Bangoewangi to Norm an ton, which is now .advocated by the merchants of Sydney and Brisbane, was briefly alluded to during the interview with the Postmaster-General, but the Government had evidently not considered the matter, and all that could be elicited was that Any tangible proposal of the kind would receive due consideration at the hands of our Cabinet. X am disposed to think that there will be a reluctance to entertain this proposal cither on the part of the Government •r of the mercantile community of this colony. It is not likely that a Company will "be found willing to lay a cable from Java to Queensland without a guarantee of interest, and it will probably be thought scarcely fair ou the part of the other colonies to pay a Company tocompete with the British-Australian Company, and the South Australian Government, who have been plucky enough to carry out the work without any such guarantee. If the fears entertained by the eastern colonies, and which "Victorian people largely share, that the per formances of the overland line will be found extremely uncertain and unreliable, should be actually realized, then the colonies may be forced into some alternative scheme for securing regular communication, and the connection of Bangoewangi and Normanton would be obviously the least expensive. _ At present, however, there is an evident disposition here to give the South Australians every rea sonable opportunity of testing the capabilities of their undertaking, rash as it undoubtedly was on their part to rush into it. The Government of South Australia fully expect to receive tele grams by means of the wire and the horse express within three weeks; and if they should be so fax fortunate as to have this hope realized, the intervals on the line will of course be rapidly lessened and the subsequent communica >onsbecome more and more frequent." Railways in the United Kingdom.—An English journal says:—" We placed before our readers an account of the capital invested in the railways of the United Kingdom, and it will be remembered, perhaps, that jthe figures reached the prodigious amount of £530,000,000. We can now give a statement of the return which this enormous investment is producing, and it will certainly not be thought unsatis factory. The total receipts for the year just expired amounted to £47,500,000, and repre sented, therefore, as nearly as possible a return of 9 per cent, on the capital sum. If we proceed to strike off half this amount for the expenses of working, we shall arrive at a net profit of 4J per cent., whereas the average gains were calculated at only 4 per cent, a few years ago. This, however, is but very rough reckoning. Broadly speaking, it was safe to say -that sixpence out of every shilling taken over a railway counter remained as profit to the Company after its work had been performed: but. in reality, things were a little better than that. Two years aero the working expenses of the Companies averaged not 50, but 49 per cent.; and last year the 49 was reduced to something under 48 per cent. Thus, while the gross income from the property has been steadily increasing, the net profit has been increasing also. The receipts of last year were fully £3,000,000 in excess of those for 1870, which had already exceeded by £2,000,000 those of 3869\. Of course, there is some increase of expen diture on the other side, but the proportions appear to be all in favour of the shareholders." The Trade Between Riykrina and Sydney*. —The Albury Banner of March 23 observes:— " Some wagons arrived here yesterday from Goulburn, where they loaded with Sydney drapery and boots and shoes. Before the tariffs of this colony and "Victoria were brought into opposition on the Murray by the reimposi fion of the Border duties, it was always possible to get up certain bootmakers' goods from Sydney cheaper than from Melbourne, but some of the merchants say that the difference _cf tariffs now gives the preference to Sydney in regard to drapery. The freight of the goods ' just arrived came to £12 per ton, including rail way rates to Goulburn; and the teamsters say they could bring up loading from Sydney to Aubuiy in 15 or 16 days, including railway carriage. From Melbourne the present rate of carriage for the same kind of goods is £8 per ton, and the time occupied on the road not less than 14 days. This aspect of the effect of ' Border duties seems to give the preference to Sydney so far as the interests of our traders are concerned, but it must not be forgotten that the principal consideration for the district is this— how are the interests of our producers of wheat and wine affected by conflicts of rival tariffs." Education in New Zealand.—In Canterbury the new Education Act has come into force. It substitutes for school fees a yearly house rate of \- ■ 20s., and 5s. for each child between the ages of six and thirteen years. This is the Nelson system. The Auckland settlers will not con sent to rate themselves for primary schools. The experiment of teaching only English in the native schools at Pakowhai, Hawke's Bay, is a great success. An Anglican Immersion.—During a tour made by the Church of England Bishop of Goulburn the following incident occurred. We quote from the Gov.lbv.rn. Herald:—" In the afternoon, at 3 p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood •f Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J, G. Love, administered the sacrament of "baptism to two adults, a brother and a sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subject of their baptism bad been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptize them by immersion. A congrega tion being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the 'public "baptism of such as are of riper years' •was read by Air. Love and the Bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the Bishop pronounced the words, ' I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," they completely immersed him in the water. Having raised him, and ' received him into the congregation of Christ's flock,' they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of tbe sendees for adult baptism— * and then shall dip him in the water, or, &c.;' It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were some what surprised to see the Bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep 1m pression, and tbe baptized persons were much, affected." Temperance Hall, Melbourne.—This new building, which has lately been opened, is spoken of as being beautiful and commodious. It can seat 1,000 persons. The Late Mr. Platts. — The London, Shippers' Monthly Circular of February 1 has the following kindly notice, which will interest the friends of the deceased:—"We are sorry to have to record the death of Mr. Charles Platts, on the 14th November last, at Mitcham, near Adelaide, South Australia. For over 30 years Mr. Platts carried on the trade of a_ book seller in Adelaide, and from a small beginning worked up the largest business {in his trade) in the colony. Unfortunately his health failed him of late years, and owing to his inability to attend to the working of his business, he was involved in difficulties that, although friends rallied round him, no doubt indirectly hastened his death. Mr. Platte was originally an organist in one of our London Chmches, and first left England for Australia in 1839. Elephants at Ska.—Not long ago the sub joined sketch appeared in the Calcutta. Bnglisk wan; " a few facts about the elephants now going to Cbittagong i" the Scotia, under the command of Captain Mathews, may he interest ing to onr readers. The hoisting up into the air and lowering down into the hold of a ship of such huge animals is not only an unusual sight to most men, but alBO a strange experience to most elephants. Indeed, notwithstanding the great age of the beasts, it seldom occurs to them once in a lifetime. We were sorry to see it stated in a contemporary that the animals were goaded and ill-used into submission. So far as we saw no ill-usage was practised. They were simply secured, lashed with strong ropes, slung as far as practicable in slings, hoisted up with cranes with threefold tackles, and lowered in the steamer's hold like bales of cotton. When in the hold they were placed in pens built_ of strong teak-timber baulks, bolted to the ship's side, to prevent them from breaking loose. The fear the anrmaln suffered was the only pain they underwent, and by watching the eyes of the poor beasts their terror was very manifest. Tears trickled down their mild countenances, and they roared with dread, more especially when being lowered into the hold, the bottom of which was sanded for them to stand upon. We are told that one timid female elephant actually fainted, and was 'brought to* with a fan and many gallons of water. At sea it appears the elephants got into a curious habit of occasionally (evidently with a preconcerted signal) setting to work rocking the ship from ride to ride by giving themselves simultaneously a swaying motion aa they stood athwart ship, the vessel rolling heavily, as if in a seaway. This they would do for a spell of an hour or more, and then desist for several hours, until the strange freak took them again. At Chittagong we hear they were hoisted out of the hold and swam on riiore, 35 being safely landed without any accident whatever. Our informant says that when they were released from the slings it was a supreme moment for the mahout, who was always on the elephant's neck from the fima of its touching the water to letting go. As the word was given to ' let go,' each of the elephants, either from the lightness of his heart at being freed from his floating prison, or from hiB own weight, we are not sure which—light ness of heart, like lightness of head, causes elephants and men to play pranks—plunged down deep into the water, the mahout on his neck. He anxiety on the face of the mahout, just one second before the plunge, was a study; so, too, was it when elephant and man rose to the surface again, the former blowing water from his trunk, and the latter from his nose. Forty-four more elephants go down by the same steamer to Chittagong." Cape News.—Items of news from Cape papers have reached Melbourne via Mauritius by the barque Elizabeth. In addition to diamonds there was goldbeingfound in the Transvaal, and the rush of people to the diamond-fields was largely on the increase. The Volksraad of the^ Transvaal Republic had repudiated a decision of the President Pretorius with regard to the regula tions for the diamond- fields, and he bad resigned. The people at the diggings were somewhat difficult to keep in check, and were manifesting a disposition to take the law into their own hands. Lynch law was beginning to crop up, and it was given out that any canteen-keeper found buying diamonds from a native would have his establishment burned down. A canteen-keeper was discovered offending in this respect, and a meeting was called at which 7,OO0i diggers assembled, and after a discussion in front of his tent it was decided to take all his diamonds, bum the tent, and give him 12 hours' grace to leave the camp. On remon strating with the diggers he was graciously informed that he would be lynched if he did not skedaddle. For the diamond which he pur chased from the native he gave 13s. fid. and a glass of grog, and its value was £20. The pro perty destroyed by the burning of the tent was said to be of £2,000 value. The diggers after this seem to have instituted quite a raid against the canteens, many of which are general stores as well as grog-shops, and five or sis more shared a similar fate to the first one. Severe Sab batarianism had also apparently set_ in, the diggers having made up their minds and expressed their intention of burning down every public-house that opened on Sunday. Dis turbances had taken place owing to the natives getting drunk, and the diggers had intimated , that they would not wait for the Government to j set things right, but would adopt measures of j their own. They had also giyeD it out that auy I nigger tiy ing to sell a diamond would be i lynched. The latest news states than an addi tional force of frontier police bad been ordered to the diamond-fields. The Otago Graying Dock.—This work, a late writer remarks, is one " of which the people of this province, "and especially _ our Superintendent, are very proud. Though strictly a work uf colonial importance, it lias been undertaken as a local improvement by the Provincial Government. Nature furnished great advantages to facilitate the construction, and it is probable that no dock of equal calibre was ever constructed at so small an outlay. From first to last, including all preliminary and inci dental expenses, little more than £56,000 has been spent upon it. For this we have a dock, ; the floor of which is 328 feet long and 41 feet j wide, the dimensions at the coping of the dock i being 342 feet by 6Sfeet. The width of the I entrance is clear 50 feet, so that by removing : half her paddle-wheels a ship of the dimensions of the Nevada or Nebraska could enter the dock with ease, as her sponson beams would lie above the coping on entering, and be amply accommodated between the sides of the dock when it was pumped out. The Luna, a paddle boat of 250 ton.-.. 1r>okea very puny lying in the bottom of this fine brsin, which would have held another vessel of ucr size at the same time." The Mauritius Gall-.—Port Louis news papers received in 1 ictoiia show that very tempestuous weather had prevailed reund the island, and a number of vessels suffered. The hurricanes raged from February 13 to Fobruary 16, but no damage to any extent was inflicted on the plantations. The marine casualties, however, were numerous, and even disastrous. In oue ease an Italian barque, which had been driven into port through stress of weather, had 10 uf her crew swept away. The William Fair balm, a large iron clipper ship of about 1,300 tons, MeKeuzie, master, from Liverpool bound to Bombay, with coals, was towed into Port Louis on February 22, dismasted and with her bulwarks washed away. The ship was caught in a terrific gale on February 13, in latitude 19° S., and longitude 64° 40' E.; and had her poop-deck completely gutted, and her canvas blown to shreds. The captain and several of the crew were injured. Another vessel which suffered by the hurricanes was the Mekari, from Singapore, bound to Port Louis. The ship Staffordshire had also several spars carried away and was otherwise damaged by the violent weather. Apart from these, there is reoorded the wreck of the Kalodyne, a large ship of 1,153 tons, bound to Port Louis, from Calcutta, with grain. The vessel went on shore at the north end of the island, and remains on the reef where she struck. She was supposed to have been carried on to the reef by strong currents, for which due allowance had not bees made. A Marine Board enquiry was instituted into the cause of the disaster, and although the Board's deliverance was to fie effect that the ship had been lost by the fault of the captain, he was let off with a severe censure. The'Late Lord Mayo.—A lady writing from India to a relation in Adelaide says—"Lord Mayo's sad death has thrown a fearful gloom over everything—he was so beloved by all that bis loss is greatly felt. Our frieDds, Colonel and Mrs. —, were of the Viceregal party, and from them we have heard a few particulars which are not in the papers:—They tell us that Lady Mayo became anxious at sunset, and wondered why Lord Mayo bad not returned. She was leaning over the side_ of the Glasgow when the launch appeared in sight. She screamed, ' He is dead. I can see him lying dead.' Major went on board and tried to get Lady Mayo away, but sbe would remain, 1 and saw the corpse brought on deck, followed it \ to the cabin, and throughout was calmer than the lookers- on. She said. ' He looks as though he would speak to me. I cannot realize his being dead. Do talk to me or I shall go mad.' She directed all the telegrams for England, and gave all the directions for the preservation of the body. Lord Mayo had given orders some time before that in the event of his dying in India his remains should be taken to Ireland for interment." Assisted Immigration.—The Zealand Gazette publishes the regulations for the intro duction of immigrants into the colony, on the nomination of persons resident therein. Adults under 50 years of age can be nominated on payment of £5 for each, and £2 10s. for each child under 12 years of age. Infants under one year free. In certain cases passages will be provided for persons over 50 years of age. Widows and families are, as a rule, not eligible. Free passages are granted to girls 12 years of age and upwards accompanying their parents, and to single women of good character between 16 and 35. The Navigator Island Annexation.—The island of the Navigator Group that the United States war steamer Narraganset took possession of was Titiula. There is a general belief that the whole group will be annexed. The noto rious Captain Hayes was found there with the brig - Leonora. The American commander arrested him for offences against the States, and after a formal enquiry the prisoner was re Captain Holhns.—This shipmaster was for a long -time trading on the coast in charge of the Albert, b°rque, and occasionally he extended his voyages to the Indian Seas; but after long service he sought other fields for his enterprise. There seems to be scarcely a doubt that the fol lowing account of a catastrophe on the British coast relates to him:—" Touching the dreadful disaster which took place lately off the port of Liverpool, resulting in. the loss of two vessels and all on board, we have now farther par-, ticulars, which intensify the suspense engendered by doubts as to the identity of one that foundered. The captain of a screw steamer reached .Liverpool, and reported that he had passed two large sunken vessels half a mile apart. On the larger a naked negro was seen lashed" on the mizentopmaststay, apparently dead. The main and mizen topmasts were above water, and the vessel was apparently rigged with patent wire. As soon as possible he took off all sail and steamed on the same bear ing, and soon heard feeble cries, but quite plainly as they were close. He called to the people, but they appeared too feeble to reply. He then called all hands to volunteer and man a boat; but just then a squall came on, and a sea broke over and filled his decks,, so that it was not possible to get the boat out. The ship was then turned again so as to get to windward and drift down upon the persons in distress. Cries were again heard, but the steamer could, not get near enough to render assistance. From portions of a wreck which had been picked up and brought to Liverpool, especially .a new topsailyard and sail, there is no doubt that they belonged to the Mary Baker, which, under the command of Captain B. Holkins, left the Mersey for Bermuda—a fact which is corroborative of the statement of the captain, who says that about 11 p.m. he heard cries of distress close to where the Mary Baker would just have been. The other vessel is now believed to be the brigantine Arrow, Captain Clements, homeward bound from Sierra Leone, as the coloured seaman who was taken out of the rigging of the barque, ou board of which he must have scrambled when the two vessels were in contact, has been identi fied a3 forming one of the crew of the Arrow when she left the Mersey. Several articles recovered from the supposed wreck of the Arrow have, however, been recognised as belonging to the barque Chipchase, which sailed from the Mersey for Babia a few hours before the collision took place, and which has not since been heard of, although she had on board a pilot and a few of the captain's friends, who, it was intended, should return immediately." A Stout about the Baroness Burdett Coutts.—Mrs. Laura Curtis Billiard writes to the Golden Age this story:—Of course she is a ■well-known and most welcome customer at aU the fashionable shops in London, but she is not so familiar a habitue of the shops of Paris. During a visit to the latter city not very long since she learned the death of a distant relative, and she went to purchase mourning to the shop, Trois Quartiers. She asked for mourning dress goods, and was shown by one of the attentive shopmen to the proper department. " Please show this lady mourning stuffs," he said, " two ten." Miss Coutts made her selection, and then asked for mourning collars. The clerk who had waited on her accompanied her to the proper counter. " Please show this lady mourning collars—two ten," said he, and left her. From this department she went to look for mourning pockethandkerchiefs, escorted by the clerk, who passed her over to his successor with request, " Show this lady pocket handker chiefs—two ten." As she had still other articles 1 to buy, she was escortedfrom counter to counter, department to department, and everywhere these cabalistic words, "two ten," were repeated by one clerk to another. Struck by the pecu liarity of this refrain, she asked the proprietor as she left the establishment, " Pray what does ' two ten' mean ? I noticed each clerk said it to the other in your shop." "Oh, it is nothing," he replied; "merely a pass word that they are in the habit of ex changing." But Miss Coutts was not satisfied with this explanation. Her woman's curiosity | was piqued, and she resolved to unravel the riddle. So in the evening when the porter, a young boy, brought home her purchases, after paying her bill, she said, " My boy, would you like to earn five francs?" Of course he had no objection to do so, and only wanted to know in | what way he could doit. "Tell me," said the I lady,'' what does ' two ten' mean, I will give you | five francs." "Why, don't you know, ma'am?" | said he, evidently amazed at her ignorance, j "It means keep your two eyes on her ten ( fingers." The mysceiy was solved at last. All j the clerks of the Trois Quartiers had taken the richest woman in Great Britain for a shoplifter. I She tells the story with great gusto, and one of ] her friends, to whom she had related it in Paris, repeated it to me. | New Zealand Items.—At New Plymouth the Pariaka natives meeting commenced on March 19\. The talk so far was pacific. Wi Parata, the member in the General Assembly for the Western Maori Electoral District, and Te Whhi, spoke. A telegram from Napier, dated March 21, stated thai Te Kooti had come out of the bush, and communicated with the natives at Mcbaka, applying to them for food. He had with brm six men, cue woman, and a boy. ' Captain Ferris was on his frail, marching on I Mohaka. Captain Pitt, with a small party from Poverty Bay, and Major Ropata and another small party, were all approaching from different directions. When the despatch left Mohaka, Te Kooti was nearly surrounded. The j smallpox patients who had been landed from ] the ship England, at Wellington, were in quaran tine, where they were getting on well. A Sleept Solicitor. — Lately in the Bris bane Police Court (according to the Courier) " an attorney took his seat at the table, and, with brief before him, patiently awaited the calling of his case ; but the business which had priority was leng and tedious, and the attorney, yielding to the soporific influence of the surroundings, began nodding. Meanwhile the principals in the case slipped out, came to an amicable arrangement of their differences, and one of them, taking advantage of a quiet moment, carried off the brief, probably thinking thereby to make a more sure end of the trouble. Several persons enjoyed the joke, the fun of which was increased when the attorney roused himself from his dreams, looked all round, and felt his pockets for the missing document." ' Reporters and Compositors.—To the Times Lord Lyttelton lately wrote making eight cor rections in a half-column report of his speech. The Times appended the note, " If our readers could but hear Lord Lyttelton speak, their only wonder would be that he could be reported at all." The Echo next said, " We may add that if our readers could but see Lord Lytteltoa's writing their wonder would be that the com positors could ever print his explanation." Uniform for Thakombau's Son. — The tailoring firm of Milton & Co. of Collins-street : (remarks the Argus), have just executed a some" what remarkable order. It is for a full-dress uniform for Prince Able, eldest son of Thakom bau, King of Fiji. Photographs of this young gentleman are not uncommon in Mel bourne, and as so represented, his athletic proportions are easily discernible, for his costume appears to consist of a girdle-cloth and a' long puggaree tied scarf wise across his shoulders and round Ms waist. He is now, however, Governor of the Island of Bau, in his father's kingdom; and requires a State dress. This is to consist of a military tunic coat, with the sleeves, shoulders, and collar deeply em broidered with gold lace, in the pattern of wMch the shape in outline of the Fiji crown is frequently repeated. Upon the buttons, which have been manufactured by Messrs. Stokes & Martin, are stamped the Fijian crown and "C.R." for " Cakobau (pronounced in English Thakombau) Rex." The cap re sembles that of a United States military officer, and is also thickly laced with gold, and the trousers are striped with the same material. The cloth is of naval blue. The entire dress has been specially designed so as to avoid possible identification with any other uniform, and is in appearance exceedingly handsome. Of course it includes a sword-belt and dress sword. Shocking.—At the close of his news budget the London Correspondent of the Argus writes: —"What next? Nothing less than this. An order has been sent from Australia to Mr. Spurgeon for three Baptist ministers for colonial use; and the postscript of the letter ran thus— 'Don'tsend duffers.' Thus it will be seen that reverend men of aU denominations are begin ning to be treated with shocking irreverence." The Alabama Case.—In a second edition of the London Daily Telegraph of February 23 there is a New York telegram dated the same day stating the purport of America's reply to the despatch of Lord Granville concerning the Alabama claims. The communication appears to be confirmed bj a late telegram:—"Lord Granville's note on thesubjectof the Washington Treaty and the indirect claims has been received by the American Government. The answer of j the United States Government was written ' yesterday by Mr. Fish himself, and it will be 1 forwarded to England by Saturday's steamer. • The professions of friendship wMch are expressed in Lord Granville's note are duly reciprocated; but Mr. Fish 'affirms that the American case, including both the direct and indirect claims, is covered by the protocols and treaty. The American Government, therefore, cannot with draw from the case which they have presented for arbitration. The abrogation of the treaty is left to England. Mr: Thornton has had a long interview with Mr. Fish on the question of the < arbitration. Fears of a diplomatic impasse are entertained both at Washington and New York." The Rev. W. Taylor.—This California!! Evangelist has for some time been conducting special services in the Bombay Presidency, and has now established in the city a Methodist Episcopal Church. An address, signed by 83 persons, desired him to do this, asking that he would act as the pastor and preacher till other arrangements could he-made. Iu his reply Mr. Taylor said;—"Though an ordained minister, and for many years a pastor, in the Methodist Episcopal Church of America, I "have, with the concurrence of my Church, for 11 years past, wrought as a missionary evangelist in foreign countries, among all denominations of Chris tians. I came to Bombay Presidency by invita tion of the American missionaries of * the Mahratta Mission.' I had also the pleasure of giving a little help to the mission of _ the Free Church of Sootland. I expected by invitation of ministers here, ns in other places, to assist many churches in Bombay in seeking the soul saving power of God, and in the development of a more effective working agency in their respective organizations. As you all know, we have been providentially 4 brought by a way that we knew not' to a somewhat different result. A number of you will bear me witness that when at different times you spoke to me on the necessity of organizing a Methodist Church in Bombay to conserve and extend the fruits of this work of God, I advised you nofc to think about that, but to go on in the soul-saving work in which the Holy Spirit was using you, and that God would in due time manifest clearly the course you ought to pursue. I could not anticipate what it might be, and was fully resigned to follow wherever He might lead. Under later unmistakable indications, I now see with you the guiding hand of God, by which you have been led to your present conclu sion, and I am bound by my loyalty to Christ to concur with you in this movement. The writer then explains that he read to those desirous of founding the Church "The General Rules of our Societies" that they might know what they were undertaking, and adds, " So our organization has now become a matter of history. Let it be distinctly understood that we do not wish to hinder, but to help the spiritual progress of all pre-existing Churches in this great country." After remarking " We attach no importance to the nominal relation of an unconverted mn.n or woman to any Church,' Mr. Taylor dwells upon what is expected from Methodists, and what he regards as their characteristics, then closes thus—" I will make application at once for missionary pastors to be sent to assist you in your great work. I will meantime (D. V.) serve you to the best of my ability till they shall arrive, but must be allowed, as heretofore, to decline to receive any fee or re ward for my services." The foregoing information appeared in the Bombay Guardian of Feb. 17, which paper also notifies that the evangelist would held nightly meetings in Framjee Cowasjee Institute, and would preach on Sunday in the P. & 0\. Company's Theatre, Mazagon. In another column it is mentioned that, along with a number of ministers and missionaries of various religious bodies, the Rev. W. Taylor and Dr. Maclay, of the American Episcopal Church, bad that week attended at the laying of the corner-stone of a handsome and commo dious Baptist Chapel in Belasis-road, for the church of which the Rev. G. Edwards had for five years been the pastor. The Victobian George Robins.—It remarked by the Australasian that when people become tired of light writing, which is often heavy reading, they turn to the adver tising columns and refresh themselves at the pure spring of Mr. Thomas Stubbs's sparkling auction notices. He improves with age. Dilating upon the advantages of a suburban property, be says, " The upper story is a magni ficent flat, approached by the staircase"—(a novel and interestingmethod of approach)— "full of ventilation, and courting the privacy of and influencing the healthiness and pleasantness of every bedroom, of which there are five besides bathroom; indeed, the admirable arrangement of the various appartments underground and above is at once perceptible, illustrative of the modern style called < domestic archi tecture;' and the whole will be sold in one lot." As the transition from the luxuriant play of fancy to the bald, hard fact that the rooms are not to be sold separately is somewhat abrupt, there is again a graceful lapse into the reaims of fancy. " The tints of a Raphael," he says, " would not do justice to the scene." But Raphael couldn't hold a candle to Stubbs in a pen-and-ink sketch with a good commission i looming ahead. The Navigator's Group.—A correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, writing from Apia, Navigator's Group, on February 23, gives the following:—"By the arrival this week of the U.S. ship-of-war Narraganset we learn the important fact that the Americans have assumed a protectorate over these islands. They at present fly their flag at Tutuila only; but this is, of course, merely preparatory to taking all the' rest of the group, viz., Savai and Upolo, under their guardianship. They have even gone so far as to declare that no other Power can be allowed to interfere with this group—that is, as regards those particular parts of it which have not as yet come under American rule, if one may use the word at such an early period. This determination of the Washington Govern ment has somewhat taken us by surprise, for it was to Prussia that most eyes were directed as likely to be the future Power in these waters. As it is, however, men willinglv acquiesce in what has been done, and see in the stars and stripes a measure of future prosperity for Samoa similar to that enjoyed by the Sandwich Islands. At any rate, it can scarcely be denied that under American in fluence these islands will have a better chance of developing themselves in _ the way most suited to ensure for them a lasting and vigorous prosperity than under either French or German protection. Neither New Caledonia^ nor Tahiti is such a pleasant place to dwell in that we should wish to change the present regime of Samoa for the unyielding discipline of a military governor; so probably tbe very best bas been done for these islands, and whatever may be the result eventually, there is no doubt that for some time at any rate the commerce and the population of the group will be both enormously increased. It was stated quite recently that New Zealand had it in contemplation to establish a Govern ment in this group, but that plan, if it ever bail a real existence, must now of course be abandoned. As we mentioned before,_ the Americans have as yet only taken Tutuila, a small rocky island, about 60 miles to the south east of Upolo. They have recognised the power of the chief of this little spot, probably to the exclusion of the more powerful chiefs on the larger islands. This may in the future give rise to serious troubles with the natives, and even be a cause of eventual warfare. However, the captain of the Narraganset had no doubt been instructed so to act, and was about to salute the chief's flag, when suddenly he was seen to get up steam and leave tbe harbour in hot haste. This determination was arrived at in consequence of intelligence received that Captain Hayes was at Apia,- in his vessel, the Leonora. Accor dingly, the Narraganset lost no time in coming to Apia, and on entering the port, hauled down the English colours, which she had previously flown while in the offing, and hoisted American. Scarcely was the anchor over the bows when two ! boats, filled with marines, boarded the Leonora, took possession of her, and brought Captaiu Hayes on board theNarraganset. There he was tried, and, after two days, acquitted, and brought back in triumph to his own ship, which immediately displayed a variety of bunting in honour of the event. The nature of the charges preferred against Captain Hayes has not transpired, but I believe that they had reference to certain outrages alleged to nave been com mitted amongst the Line Islands, and to tbe carrying of too large a crew and armament for a merchant vessel of tbe tonnage of the Leonora." A Long Trip.—It is stated that lately two young men from Melbourne arrived at^ Echuca, bringing a couple of Rob Roy canoes, in jwhich they intend making a journey to Adelaide a distance of 1,300 miles—by water. Modern Paragraphic.—Some genius has invented the following mode of stating a. fatal I occurrence. It is a delicate way of putting it, and reads much better than to say, " He died in most horrible agonies." We get tbe whole story and our sensibilities are not unnecessarily shocked:—"A man in New Hampshire the other day ate fifteen dozen raw oysters on a wager. The silver trimmings alone on his coflfin cost §12 35c.-John Smith, in Nebraska, said | he could handlea rattlesnake the same as a snake charmer. The churlishness of the undertaker in demanding pay in advance delayed the funeral four days—A circus rider in Texas | tried to turn three somersaults on horseback the other day. The manager sent back to New Orleans tbe following day for another samer I sault man.—A. man in New Jersey coulan t wait for the cars to reach tbe depot, and jumped off. His widow has sued the Insurance Company.— Few men would attempt to dry gunpowder on tbe kitchen stove. A man in Canada did.' His I afflicted family would be glad of any information as to his whereabouts.—In Massachusetts the other day a man thought he could cross the track in advance of a locomotive. The services at the grave were very impressive.—A man I warned his wife in New Orleans not to light the fire with kerosine. Her clothes fit his second wife remarkably well—A boy in Detroit disre garded his mother's warning not to skate on the river, as the ice was thin. His mother don't ■ hare to cook for so many as she did by one. 