_ THE NOVELIST. WITHIN THE MAZE, (BY THE AUTHOR OP "EAST LYNNE.") CHAI»TEB III.-DONE AT SUNSET. i Tho warm Jane suu rode gaily in the bright bine skies, . and tho sweet June roses were in bloom. Mrs. Andiu nian, entirely unconscious of tho blight that had fallen on her younger son, was placidly making the homo hap piness (as she believed), of the elder. Had she known of Karl's sorrow, she would have given to it but a pas sing thought. j There was peace in the homo agaiu. Tho vexation j regard hu» thoir young lady- neighbour had subsided in Mrs. Autlinninn's mind. She had spoken seriously and sharply to Adam upon the point, which was an entirely ¡ new element in his experience ; telliug him how absurd and unsuitable it was, that he, one of England's fnturo baronets, and three-aud-thirty years of age already, should waste his hours in frivolous talk with a gild be neath him. Adam hoard her in silenco, smiling a little and quite docile. Ho rejoined in a joking tone. " AU this moans, I suppose, mother, that you would not tolerate Miss Turner as my wife ?" " Never, Adam, never. You would have to choose between myself and her, And I have boen a loving mother to you." "All right. Don't worry yourself. There's no cause for it." From this time, it was in April, at the close of Karl's short visit to them, the trouble ceased. Adam Andiu nian cither did not meet the girl so much ; or else he timed his interviews more cautiously. In May Miss Turner wont away on n visit ; and Mrs. Audinnian for got that she had ever been anxious. Never a word of invitation had como from Sir Joseph. During this same month, May, Mrs. Andinnian, Im patience worn out, write to Foxwood, proffering a visit for herself and Adana. At the end of a fortnight's time, she got an answer. A few words of shaky writing, in Sir Josopli's own hand. Ho had been very ill, he told her, which was the causo of the delay, as he wished to reply himself. "When able to entertain her and her son, which ho hoped would be soon, ho should write for them. It would give him great pleasure to receive them, and to make the acquaintance of his heir. That letter had roached Mrs. Andionian tho first day of June. Some three weeks had elapsed since, and no summons had come. She was growing just a little . impatient again. Morning after morning, while she dressed, the question always in her mind ; will there be a letter to.day from Foxwood? On this lovely Juno morn ing, with the scent of tho midsummer flowers wafting in through tho open chamber window, it filled her mind as usual. They breakfasted early. Adam's active gardon habits induced it. When Mrs. Andinnian descended, he was in thc breakfast room, scanning thc pages of some new work on horticulture. He wore a tasty suit of grey, and looked well and handsome; unusually so in his mother's eyes, for he had only returned the past evening from a few day's roving absence. " Good morning, Adam." He advanced to kiss his mother ; his white teeth and his grey eyes as beautiful as they could well ba. Mrs. Andinnian's fond and admiring heart leaped up with a bound. "The nonsense people write whose knowledge is superficial!" he said with a gay laugh. "I have detected half a dozen errors in this book already." " No doubt. What a nice morning it is !" " Lovely. It is Midsummer Eve. I have been out at work these two hours.' ' " Adam, I think that must be the postman's step," she observed. " Some one is going round to the door." "From Karl, perhaps," ho said with indifference, for he had plunged into his book again. Hewitt came in : one lotter only on thc silver waiter. He presented it to his master. Adam, absorbed iu his pages, took tho lotter and laid it on tho table without looking np. Something very like a cry from his mother startled him. She had caught up the letter and was gazing at the address. For it was one that had never before been soon there. "Sir Adam Andinnian, Bart." " Oh my son ! Ithas come at Inst." " What has come?" cried he in surprise. " Oh, I seo -Sir Josoph must be dead. Poor old fellow ! What a sad thing!" ' But it was not exactly Sir Joseph's death that Mrs. Andinnian had been thinking of. Tho letter run as follows : " Foxwood, June 22nd "Dear sir,-I am truly sorry to havo to inferm you of the death of my old friend nnd many years' patient, Sir Joseph Andinnian. Ho had boen getting better slowly, but we thought surely ; and his death at the last was sudden and quite unexpected. I have taken unon myself to give a few necessary orders in anticipation of your arrival herc. " I am, Sir Adam, very sincerely yours, WILLIAM MOORE. " Sir Adam Andinnian." Tho breakfast went on nearly iu silenco. Mrs. Andin nian was deep in thoughts and plans. Sir Adam, pouring over his book while he atc, did not seem to bo at all im pressed with tho importance of having gained a handle to his name. " When shall wc start, Adam ?" "Start?" ho returned, glauciug up. " For Fox wood ? Oh, in a day or two." " In a day or tu-o !" repeated his mother, with sur prised emphasis. " Why, what do you mean ?" " Just that, motlier." "You should be off in half an hour. You must, Adam." " Not I. There's no need of hurry," he added, with cnreless good humour. " But there is need of it," she answered. " Why ? Had Sir Joseph been dying and wished to see mc, I'd not have lost a single moment ; but it is nothing of the kind, poor man. Ho is dead, unfor tunately ; and therefore no cause for haste exists." "Some ono ought to be there." " Not at all. The Mr. Moore who writes, some good old village doctor, I conclude, will seo to things." " But why should you not go at once, Adam?" she persisted. " What is preventing you ?" "Nothing prevents me. Except that I hate to be hurried off any where. And I-I only came back to the garden yesterday." " The garden !-that's what it is," resentfully thought Mrs. Andinnian.. " Adam, if you donot go I shall '' "Do, mother," ho said, readily. "Go, if you would like to, and take Hewitt. I hate details of all kinds, you know ; and if you will go, and take thom on your self, I shall bc truly obliged. Write mc word which day tho funeral is fixed for, and I will como for it." Perhaps in all her life Mrs. Audinnian had never resented anything in lier favour'to son as she was resenting this. S/ichad looked forward to the ncccssion of fortune with an eager nnxioty which none could sus pect : nnd now that it was como, ho was treating it with this indifference ! Many a time and oft had she indulged iu a vision of the day when she should drive in to take possession of Foxwood, her handsome son, the inheritor seated beside her. " One of my sons ought to bo there," she said, coldly. " If you will not go, Adam, I shall telegraph to Karl." " I will telegraph for you," ho replied, with provok ing good-humour. "Karl will bo the very fellow: ho has teu times tho head for business that I have. Let him act for me in all things, exactly as though it were ho who had succeeded ; I give him carte blanche. It will save all trouble to you." Sir Adam Andinniau declined to be shaken out of his resolve aud inertness. In what might be called a temper, Mrs Andinniau departed straight from the breakfast table for tho railway station, to take tho train. Her sou duly accompanied her to see her safely away : she had refused to take Howitt : and then he despatched a telegram to Karl, telling him to join his mother at Fox wood. Meantime, while these, the lady and tho mes sage, went speeding on their respective ways, the now baronet bcguilded away tho day's passing hours amidst his flowers, and shot a few small birds that were inter fering with some choice soedlings just springing up. Lieutenant Audinnian received tho mossago promptly, but, following tho fashion much in voguo amidst telegraphic messages, it was not quito as clear as day light. Karl read that Sir Joseph was dead, that his motlier was either going or gone to Foxwood ; that she was waiting-tor him, and he was to join her without delay. But whether ho was to join her at her own homo and accompany her to Foxwood, or whether ho was to proceed direct 'to Foxwood, lay in profound obscurity. Tho fault was not iu Sir Adam's wording ; but iu tho telegraph people's carelessness. "Now which is it that I am to do?" debated Karl puzzling over tho sprawling words from divers points of viow. They did not help him : and ho decided to pro ceed home': he thought his mother must bu waiting for him there. " It must be that," he said: "Adam has gone hastening on to Foxwood, and the mother is stay ing forme to accompany her. Poor Uncle Joseph? And to think that I never once saw him in lifo !" Mr. Andinnian had no difficulty iu obtaining leave of absceuce ; and he started on his journey. Ho was some what changed. Though only a month had gono by since the sovorancc from Lucy Cleeve, tho anguish hail told upon him. His brothor officers, noting the sad abstraction he_ was often plunged in, the ultra-strict fulfilment of his dnties, as if life wero made up of parades and drills and all tho rest of it, told him in joke that he was going iuto a bad way. They knew naught of what had happened ; of the fresh spring love that had made his heart and this earth aliko a paradise, or of its abrupt ending. " My poor horse has had to be shot, you know "-which was a fact; "and I can't forgot him," Mr. Andiunian ono day roplied, reciprocating the joke. Tho shades of the midsummer night Avero gathering as Karl neared tho house of his mother. He walked up from the terminus, choosing the field path, aud leaving his portmanteau to be scut after him. Thc glowing fires of the departed sun had left tho west, but streaks of gold whero ho had ict illumined tho heavens. The air was still and soft, tho night balmy ; somo stars flickered in tho calm bluo firmament : tho moon was well above tho horizon. This pathway over the fields ran parellel with the high road. As Mr. Andinniau paced it, his umbrella in his hand, there suddenly broke upon his ears a kind of uproar, marring strangely the peaceful stillness of . tho night. Some stirring commo tion, as of a mass of people, seemed to bo approach ing. " What is it, I wonder ?" ho said to himself ; and for a moment or two ho halted and stared over the bor der of thc field and the intervening hedge beyond. By what his sight could make out, he thought some police men were iu front, walking with measured tread, and a confused mob behind, following close on their heels ; but it was too uncertain a light to show this distinctly. " Some poor prisioner they ai'o bringing in from tho country," thought Mr. Andinniau, as the commotion passed on towards tho town, and ho continued his way. " This is a true Midsummer Evo night," ho said to himself, when the hum of the noise and tho tramping had died away, and he glanced at the weird shadows that stood out from hedges and trees. " Just tho night for ghosts to come abroad, and-Stay, though : it is not on Midsummer Eve that ghosts come, I think. What is the popular superstitions for the night ? Young arirls go out and see tho shadowy forms of their future husbands ? Is that it ? I don't remomber. What matter if I did ? Such romance has died out for me." Ho drew near his home. On tho left lay thc cottage of Mr. Turner. Its inmates seemed to bo unusually astir within it, for lights shone from noarly eyery win dow. A few yards further Karl turned into his mother's grounds by a private gate. Their own house looked, on the contrary, all dark. Karl could not seo that so much as thc hall-lamp was lighted. A sudden conviction flashed over him that he was wrong, after all that it was to Foxwood he ought to have gone. " My mother and Adam and all tho world nro off to it, no doubt," ho said as.he looked up at thc dark win dows, after knocking at tho door. " Deuce take thc telegraph ! ' ' Tho door was opened by Howitt : Hewitt with a can dle in his hand. That is, tho door was drawn a few inches back, and tho man's face appeared iu the aperture Kaid was seized with a sudden panic ; for ho had never seen, in all his life, a face blanched as that was, or ono so full of horror. "What is tho matter?" he involuntarily exclaimed, under his breath. Ay, what was tho matter ? Hewitt tho faithful serv ing man of many years, threw up his hands when he saw Karl, and cried out aloud before he told it. His master, Sir Adam, had shot Martin Scott. Karl Andinnian stood against the door-post inside as he listened ; stood like one bereft of motion. For a mo ment he could put no questions ; but it crossed his mind that Hewitt must be mad and was telling some fable of au excited brain. Not so. It was all too true. Adam Andinnian hud deliberately shot thc young medical student, Martin Scott. And Hewitt, poor Hewitt, had been a witness to thc deed. " Is ho dead ?" gasped Karl. And it was thc first word he spoke. " Stone dead, sir. The shot entered his heart. 'Twas done at sunset. He was carried into Mr. Turner's place and is lying there." A confused remembrance of thc lights he had seen arose to Karl's agitated brain. He pressed his hand on his brow and stared at Hewitt. For a moment or two, he thought he himself must be going mad. " And where is he, my brother ?" " Tlie police have taken him away, Mr. Karl. Two of them happened to bo passing just at the time." Anil Karl knew that thc prisoner ho had met in cus tody, with the guardians of the law around and tho trailing mob behind, was his brother, Sir Adam Andin niau. CiiAPTKn IV.-THE TRIAT,. The unfortunate act committed by Adam Andinnian (some people said it must have been au accident) waa bruited abroad far and wido. Circumstances conspired to give to it an unusual notoriety ; and for more thnn the traditional niue days it remained a wonder in mon's minds. Sir Adam's recent accession to tho family honours ; tho utter want of adequate motive ; tho ! name of tho young lady said to bo mixed np .with it ; all this teudod to arouao tho public interest. That a gentleman of peaceful tendencies an educated man and new baronet of the realm should take up his gun and shoot another in calm deliberation, was well nigh incredible. Public interest was not allowed to flag. Before a sufficient spaca of time had lapsed for that, the trial came on. Sir Adam Audinnian was not fated, as too many prisoners are, to languish out months of suspense in prison. The calamity occurred towards the end of Juue ; the assizes wore held in July. Almost before his final examination by the magistrates had concluded, ; or the coroner's iuquost (protracted after tho fashion of J inquests, but in this case without any sufficient reason) had returned its vordict, the summer assizes were upon the couuty. Tue magistrates had committed Sir Adam Andinnian to take his trial for wilful murdor ; the I coroner's jury for manslaughter. But now-what effect docs tho reader supposo thia most awful blow must have had on Mrs. Andinnian ? If auy oue ever deserved commiseration it was surely she. To every mother it would have been tcrriblojto her it was worse than terrible. She loved her sou with tho love only lavished on au idol ; she had gone forth to his now inheritance in all the pride of her fond heart, counting every day, ay, and every hour, until ho should gladden it with his presence. If ono mortal man stood on a piunacal just thou above all his fellows iu her estimation, that mau was her handsome son, tho now baronet, Sir Adam Audinnian. And oh ! thc desola tion that fell upon hor when tho son for whom she cared not, Karl, arrived to break tho nows, And Karl ? hardly less keen, if any, was tho blow upon him. Until thou, he did not know how very warm and true was his affection for his brother. Staggering back to thc town the same night after his interview with Hewitt-and it seemed to Karl Audinnian that he did stagger, uudor the weight of his alllictiou-ho found the prisoner at thc police station, and was allowed to see him. Adam did not appear to feel his position at all. Karl thought the passion-or whatever other ill feeling it might have been that prompted him to the fatal deed-was swaying him still. He was perfectly calm and self-possessed, and sat quito at ease while the chief of tho station took down sundry reports in writ ing from thc policemen who brought him iu. " I have done nothing that I regret," ho said to Karl. " Tho mau has but got his deserts. I should do it again to-morrow under the same provocation." '.But, Adam, think of tho consequences to yourself." gaspod Karl, aghast with dismay at this dangerous admission in tho hearing of the officers. " Oh, as to consequences, I shall be quite ready to tako thom," returned thc prisoner, drawing himself haughtily up. " I ne^er yet did aught that I was ashamed to acknowledge afterwards.'' The Inspector ceased writing for a moment and turned round. " Sir Adam Andinnian, I'd advise you for your own sake to be silent. Least said is soonest mended, you know, sir. That's a good rulo to remember in a cases." " Very good indeed, Wall," readily assented Sir Adam-who had previously been on speaking terms with Inspector. ' But if you think I am goiug to try to disown what I've done, you are mistaken." " It must have been accident," spoke poor Karl in a low tone, almost as though he were suggesting it. " I told Hewitt so." " Hewitt knows bettor ; ho saw mo take np the gun lovel it. aud shoot him," was the reply of Sir Adam, asserted openly. "Look herc. Wall. Tho follow courted his fate : courted it. I had assured him that if he dared to offend in a certain way again, I would shoot him as I'd shoot a dog. Ho set me at defianco and did it. Upon that, I carried out my promise, and shot him. I could uot break my word, you kuow." Just then a doubt crossed tho Inspector's mind-aa he related afterwards-that Sir Adam Andinnian was not in Iiis right senses. " And thc mother ?" breathed Karl. " There's thc worst of it," returned Sir Adam, his tone quickly changing to grave concern. "For her sako I could almost regret it. You must go off to Foxwood Karl, and break it to her." What a task it was ! Never in all Karl's lifo had ono like unto it been imposed upon him. With tho early morning he started for Foxwood ; and it seemed to him that he would rather have started to his grave. It was perhaps somewhat singular that during the short period of time intervening before the trial, Lieute nant Andinnian should have been gazetted to IÙB com pauy. It gave Karl no pleasure. The rise ho had hoped for, that was to have brought him so much satisfaction, could but^be productive of pain now. If thc trial resulted in the awfnl squtonco-Condemnation-Karl would not of course continue iu tho army. No, nor with any in ferior result ; save and except acquittal. Karl felt this. It was a matter that admitted ot no alternative. To remain one amidst his fellow olliccrs with his only bro ther disgractcd and punished, was not to be thought of. And Karl would rather have remained tho nameless lieutenant than have boon gazetted captain. Tho truest sympathy was felt for him, tho utmost consideration evinced. Loavo of absence was accorded him at his request, until tho result of tho trial should be known. Ho wanted his liberty to staud by his brother, and to make efforts for the defence. Make efforts ! When tho accused persisted in openly avowing he was guilty, what efforts could bo made with any hope of success ? One of the hottest days that July has cvor given us was that of tho trial. Tho couuty town was filled from end to end ; thousnnd of curious people had thronged in, hoping to get aplaco in thc court; or, at least, to obtain a sight of the baronet-prisoner, lt was reported that but for tho earnest .pleadings of his mother thero would have been no trial-Sir Adam would have pleaded guilty. It was whispered that she, the hitherto proud, overbearing, self-contained woman, went down on her kuccs to entreat him not to bring upon his head tho wo rst and most extreme sentence known to England's law as tho said i loading guilty wouldhavobrought--butte give him self a chance of a moro lenient soutenco ; perhaps of an acquittal. It was said that Captain Andinnian would have taken his place in tho dock to countenance and stand by his brother, but was not permitted. The trial was unusually short and unusually interest ing. Immediately after the judgo had taken his scat in the morning, tho prisoner was brought in. Tho crowded court, who had just risen to do homage to tho judge, rose again amidst stir and excitement. Stran gers, straining their cager eyes, saw, perhaps with a momentary feeling of surprise, as grand a gentleman ns any present. A tall, commanding, handsome man, with a frank expression of countenance when ho smiled, but haughty in repose ; his white teeth, that he showed so much, and his groy eyes quito beautiful. Ho woro deep mourning for his uncle, Sir Joseph ; and bowed to the judge with as much stately ceremony as though ho were bowing before tho Queen. Captain Andinnian, in deep mouruiug also, sat at she table with tho solici tor?. Tho chief witnesses, it may bo said thc only ones of ' couscqucuco, were Thomas Hewitt tho mau servant, and Miss Rose Turner. A surgeon spoko to tho cause of death-a shot through thc heart-and a policeman or two gave some little evidence. Altogether not much. Tho story that carno out to tho world through tho speeches of counsel, including those for thejlefcncc, ns well as for the prosecution, maybe summed up as fol lows. ii Mr. Andinnian (now Sir Adam) had a great friei ßhip for a young lady neighbour who lived close 1 with whom ho and his mother had been intimate, fl for whoso best interests he had a lively regard. T was a Miss Boso Turner : a young lady (tho coup emphatically said) worthy of consideration, and agaii whom not a breach of slight had beon or could be wi: pered. Somo few months ago Miss Turner vi introduced at a friend's house to a medical studi (tho deceased) named Martin Scott. It had been ase tained, from inquiries sot on foot since Mnrtin Scot death, that this man's private pursuits and charac wore not at all reputable ; but that was of conrso (t counsel candidly added) no reason why ho should Ira been killed. In spite of Miss Turner's strong objecth Martin Scott persisted in offering her his attentions, a two or three times, to the young lady's great disgust, had forcibly kissed her. Those tauts became known to IV Andinnian ; and he, being of a hasty passionate natui unfortunately took up tho matter warmly. Indigna that the young lady should havo been subjected to ar thing so degrading, ho sought an interview with t offender, and told him that if ever he dared to repc the insult to Miss Turner, he, Mr. Andinnian, woi shoot him. It appeared, tho counsel added, that Mr. A dinnian avowed this in unmistakable terms ; that tho u fortunate deceased fully understood him to mean it, a that Mr. Andinniau would do what he said if provokf Proof of which would be given. In spite of all this Mi tin Scott braved his fate the instant he had tho oppc tunity. On the fatal evening, June tho tweuty-thii Miss Turner having only just returned homo from : absenco of some weaks, Martin Scott made his appen anco at lier unclo's house, followed her into the garde and there, within sight of Mr. Andinniau, (or, rath Sir Adam Andinnian, for he had then succeeded to li title, said the counsel, stopping to correct himself) 1 rudely took tho young lady in Iiis arms, and kissed h several times. Miss Turner, naturally startled and i dignant, broke from him, and burst into a fit of hystci cal sobs. Upon this, the prisoner caught up his load( gun and shot him dead ; the gun, unhappily, lying clo to his hand, for he had buen shooting birds during tl day. Such was tho substance of the story, as told 1 the court. Thomas Hewitt, the faithful serving man, who d posed that ho had lived in tho Audinuian family for mar years.Jwho could hardly speak for tho grief within hin was examined ; Alas ! he was called for tho prosecutior for all his evidence told against his master, not fi him. " That evening," ho said, " about eight o'clock, < from that to half past, I had occasion to seo my maste Sir Adam, and went across the garden and beyond tl shrubbery of trees^to find him. Ho was standing by tl gate that divides his grounds from Mr. Turner's ; an all in tho same moment, as I came in view, there scome to be a scuffle going on in Mr. Turner's wide path^by tl rose- bushes. Just at first I did not discern who it wi there, for the setting sun, then going below the horizoi shone in my face like a ball of red fire. I soon saw Was Miss Turner and Martin Scott. He seemed to I holding hor against her will. She broke away from hin crying and sobbing, and ran towards my master, as wanting him to protect her." "Well-goon," cried tho examining couusel, for tl witness had stopped. " What did you see next ?" " Sir Adam caught up his gun from the garden sen close by, whero it was lying, presented it at Marti Scott, and fired. Tho youngman sprang into the air foot or two, and then fell. It all passed in a momenl I ran to assist him, and found he was dead. That i all I know." But tho witness was not to be released just yet, i spite of this intimation. " Wait a bit," said tho cour sol for the prosecution. " You saw tho prisoner tak up the gun, point it at deceased,.and fire. Was allthi done deliberately ?" " It was not done hurriedly, sir." "Answer my question, witness. Was it deliberatch done?" "I think it was. His mo vernon ts were slow. Per haps," added poor Howitt," willing to suggest a loop hole of escape for his master, "perhaps Sir Adam ha< forgotten the gun was loaded, and only fired it off t< frighton Scott, It was in tho morning ho had beei shooting tho birds ; hours before ; he ¡could easily havi forgotten that it was loaded. My master is not a crue man, but a humnne ono." "How came he to leave tho gun out there for BC many hours, if ho had done with it?" asked the judge " I don't know my lord. I suppose he forgot to brinf it in when he came in to dinner. Sir Adam is naturally very earless indeed." Ono of the jury spoke. "Witness, what was it thal you wanted with him when you went out that oven mg ?" " A telegram had come for him, sir, and I went to tak( it to him." " What did tho¡telcgram contain ? Do you know?" " I believo it came from Foxwood, sir." "From Foxwood ?" " Tho tolegram was from my mother, Mrs. Andin nian'" spoke np tho prisoner, in his rather loud, bul perfectly calm voice, thereby electrifying the court. " It was to tell me she had arrived safely at Foxwood Court, ; and that tho day for my uuclc, Sir Joseph's funeral was not then fixed." Tho prisoner's solicitor, in a great commotion, leaned over, and begged him in a whisper to be silent. " Nay," said the prisoner aloud, "if auy information, that I can givo is required, why should I bo silent ?" Surely there had never before a prisoner liko unto this one ! Tho next witness was Rose Turner. She was accom panied by her undo and a solicitor ; was handsomely dressed in black, and appeared to bo iu a stato of,'extreme norvous agitation. Her face was ashy pale, her manner shrinkingly reluctant, and her voice was so low that its accents could not always he caught. In tho simple mat ter of giving her name, she had to be asked three times. Her evidence told little more than had been told by the opening counsel. Mr. Scott had persecuted her with his attentions, she said. Ho wanted her to promise to marry him when he should bo established in practice, but she wholly refused, and she begged him to go about his business, and leavo her alone. Ho would not ; and her aunt had rather encouraged Mi-. Scott ; they did not know what kind of privato character he boro, but supposed of courso it was good. Martin Scott had twice kissed her against her will, very much to her own annoyance ; she had told Mr. Andinnian of it-who had always been very kind to her, quito like a protector. It made Mr Andinnian very angry : and he had threatened Mnrtiu Scott that if he ever again atttomptcd to molest her, ho would shoot him. Sho was suro that Martin Scott understood that Mr. Audinnian was not jokin<* but meanttp do what ho said. So far, tho witness s'poko with tolerablo readiness: but after this not a word would she say that was not drawn from her. "You went out ou a visit in May; whero was it to?" questioned tho counsel. "Birmingham." " How long did you stay there ?" «ïtnas ftWfty from ll0me five woeka allogother." iiix,*Yhcu tlu},you retnum homo?-You must speak a little louder, if you please." " On thc evening of the twenty-second of Juno." 'That was thc day bufore tho murder f" 'It was not a murder," roturucd tho witnoes, with emotion. "Sir Adam Andinnian was quito justified in what he did." The judge interposed, "You are not hereto state opinions, young lady, hut to answer questions." The counsel resumed. "Did the deceased, Martin Scott, como to your uncle's residence on the evening of the twenty-third ?" "Yes. My uncle was at home, ill, that evening, and he kept Mr. Scott in conversation, so that he had no opportunity of teasing me." 1 " You went later, into tho garden ?" "Yes, Martin Scott must have seen mo pass the window, for I found ho was following me out. I saw Sir Adam standing at his gate and ?yent towards him." " With what motive did you go ?" A pause. " I intended to tell him that Scott was there." "Had you seen Sir Adam at all sinco the previous evening ?" _ Whether the young lady said Yes or No to this ques tion could not be told. Her answer was inaudable. "Now this won't do," cried the counsel, loosing pntience. " You must speak so that the jury can hear you, witness ; and you must please lift your head. What have you tobe ashamed of ?" At this sting, a bright flush dyed the young lady's pale checks; but she evidently .lid not think of resisting. Lifting her face, she spoke somewhat louder. " I had seen Sir Adam in thc morning when ho was shooting the birds. I saw him again in tho afternoon and was talking with him for a few minutes. Not j for long ; some friends called on my nunt, and she sent for me in." " Was anything said about Martin Scott that day, between you and Sir Adam ?" " Not a word. Wo did not so much as think of him," " Why, then, wero you hastening in the evening to tel' Sir Adam that Scott was there?" The witness hesitated and burst into tears. Her an swer was impeded by sobs. " Of course it was a dreadful thing for me to do-as things have turned out. I had no ill thought in it. I was only going to tell him that Scott lind come and was sitting with my uncle. There was nothing in that to make Sir Adam angry." " You havo not rep ied to my question. fVliy did you hasten to tell Sir Adam ?" " There was no very particular cause. Before I left home in May, I had hoped Mr. Scott had ceased his visits ; when I found, by his coming this evening, that he had not, I thought I would te l Sir Adam. We both disliked Martin Scott from his rudeness to me. I began to feel afraid of him again." " Afraid of what?" 1 ' Lest he should be rude to mo as he had been be fore." "Allow me to nsk-in a case of this sort, would it not have been your uncle's place to deal with Mr. Scott, rather than Sir Adam Audiunian's?" Thc witness bent her head, and sobbod. While thc prisoner, without affording time for any answer, again spoke up. "When Martin Scott insulted Miss Turnor before, I had particularly requested her to inform mc nt once if he ever attempted such a thing again. I also requested her to let me know of it if bc resumed his visits at his uncle's house. I wish to protect Miss Turner as effici ently as I would have protected a sister." The prisoner was ordered tobe silent. Miss Turner's examination went on. (TO 13E CONTINUED.) AN OLD MAID'S OPINION.-All we cnn say of tho best young men is that they make good resolutions which they never keep, aud aro full of faults which they aro always regretting. 