BOILER EXPLOSIONS. Wi; have li:ul, within a few days of one another, i'.v.i very .serious boiler exclusions on this jjoldlieUl. by which nor, only Has much valuable property boe;i destroyed, and much ruinous delay been occasioned, but a s;ul sacrifice of human life, as well as a yood deal of human suil'orinv;, has been caused. Whether these lamentable, occurrences have, been the result of accident, or or neglect and ineiUciency of management, we cannot, of course, protend to say. We can only say that investigations into their causes should be of the strictest and most seavchini; nature, for it is absolutely necessary that such calamities should be guarded against in the most effectual manner possible. Without for a momont intending to attribute any blame to the parties in charge of the machinery which has lately been ruined, we may call atten tion to ihe yrcat desirability of plaeim; such persons only, as are thoroughly ellicient, in positions of so much res[nm oonsideration of 'Parliament wo hope that this serious matter will receive due atten tion. Jt is so clear that it requires special legislation that we need enter into no aru'it inent about it, and we shall merely here point out that the employment of incompe tent persons as engineers ought to bo for the bill lor the accidents is under the bidden under lioavy penalties by the law. We believe it to be ;t fact that there are n largo number of persons in charge of engines 011 this field, who aro merely working-black smiths by trade, and many of them have had no training whatovor that wot'Id qualify tliom for the positions they hold. Now, in order to ensure the safety of life and pro perty in a pursuit in which steam power is so extensively usod, ovory man in charge of au cngino should have undergone an ex amination beforo a competent board, so satis factorily; as to entitle him to a certificate of oliieiency, without which his engagement as an 'engineer; should bo made a puuishablo oflonce both on himself and on those by whom he may bo omployed. . Tun PARLIAMENT.-From the report of tho proceedings yesterday afternoon in the Legis lative Assembly, forwarded by our Melbourne correspondent, it will be seen that a debate of importance was coming on on an amendment to tho address in reply, moved by Mr. Francis. The !amendment, censures the Government for omitting any mention in tho vice-regul .speech of tho question of public instruction. Tho result it is impossible for us even to guess. Mr. Francis, wo hear, jnado a very tolling speech, and appeared to carry the Hoiiso with him. A I.0CA1. BANK.-The prospectus of a Bendigo -Banking. Corporation has been forwarded to us. which certainly claims the attention of the public, as it isliows it to be an institution calculated to be of groat local advantage. It reflects much credit upon; tho projector, Mr. Edwin Bryant, who has already had tnsuiy.requests for shares; but,- pending tho attachment of the names of a few .influential members of tho committee, which lias prevented tho publication of tho prospectus, he is unablo to comply with tliom. "We aro informed thero can be 110 doubt of tlio immediate disposal of the whole of tho shares. THE CABANDINIS.-The short second season 'of tho Carandiiii Operatic and Ballad Troupe camo to an end last evening, when this talented little com pany gave a farewell performance at the Albion Hall. Thero was a very good attendance. The concert commenced with the overture of "The Bohemian Girl," and this was tendered on the piano by the sisters Kosina and Fannie in a very expressivo manner. "Down in a Flowery Vale," by the company was executed with splendid effect, and an encore was demanded and responded to. Mr. Gordon's song "An Englishman am I," evoked tho patriotic feelings of tho audience, and was received with gre it applause. The operatic selection from tho Grand Duchess, was splendidly rendered. Tho gem of tho evening-if there was any particular gom, when there was so many " brilliants" to.select from-was, perhaps, the cavatina " Oh 1 say once more I love thee," which was enthusiastically to- demanded by tho audience. Miss Lizzie sang tho ballad " Take back tho heart " very nicoly. Tho entertainment concluded with Balfu's '"Trust her not," by Misses liosina and Fannie. Wo hope the company may be induced to visit us again at an early dato. TUB CITY MINSTRKLS gave a concert last ovening in tho Rillos Orderly-room, which was very well attended. Tho.lirst part of tho programme con sisted' of songs and dialogue, and of tho vocal . efforts Mr. Lamhlo's song of " Put mo in my little bed," illustrated by livinr tableaux, was exceed ingly well sung, ami oxcitcd tho livoliest interest. "Tho'; vacaut.ohair," by Mr. Donnithorno, and "Down by tho deep sad sea," by Mr. Konnedy, wcro greatly 'admired. After an interval of ton minutes, a miscellaneous ontorfcainmont com ! nienccd, aiid in this Mr. XL Lowxs excelled in a prize jig, lio kept timo exceedingly well, and if ho wouldJiold;himself a, littlo straightor and not look afc liia ifeofc there would bo very little to find fault with. I A quartette by Messrs. Long, Donmthorno, Tomlyn, and Marshall was sung remarkably well, and a solo','by Mr. Marshall, 41 The stirrup cup," was encored. Tho.comic sceno of "The merry little mokes," by Messrs. Daly and Paul, was amusing, both dance fairly, but neither of them have much Voice as singers. If they intend to excel atld pleaso they should .avoid such vulgarities as putting their lingers to their nose in older to excito a laugh. A farce called " Four o'clock train, or tho ghosts," by Messrs. Seymour, Kennedy, and Long, excited great laughter. The entertainment : concluded with "Shakespeare uuder difficulties." TUB WEATHEU.-A change occurred yesterday, when rain began to fall, though not so abundantly as could be desired. Thero were a few showers (luring the night, and at the time of our going to press the sky was still darkly clouded, ami rain .threatening. Tho glass is falling rapidly, and we havo,every hope that tho long-desired downfall of raiu is near At hand. CITY POLICE COURT.-The Mayor and Mr. Garsed, .T.P., presided yesterday. Fivo drunkards wero fined 5s. each, and several civil cases were disposed of. In the case of John ]>aird v. llogerson, in which tho Bench had reserved their decision, an order was given for the amount, with £1 Is. costs; Mr. Pit man for plaintiff, ami Mr. Ellis for defendant. Garden Gully and Monument Hill Company v. Turner-£2 Is. Sd., calls. This case was heard on the previous day, whou tho liench agreed to roscrvo their decision, and to consider several objections which were takon by Mr. 13ro\Vn for dofeildaut. .Tho case was now dismissed, The SECULA.it ACADEMY, Kanijaiioo FLAT.-An entertainment was given on Tuesday by Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton, the proprietors of tho academy to their pui)ils and some of their parents aud friends. There woro 97 children present, who were ad dressed by Mr. Hamilton at considerable length, and ho endeavored to impress upon them the necessity of attending to the culture of their minds in their early youth, as well as bis own responsibilities in that respect, assuring them that lie hoped to meet them hereafter wheu they were grown up, and that they would then bo able to thank him for having given them instruction that had proved useful to them. Ho wished to see them become good, and, perhaps, valuable members of society. He also said that he was glad to find that, notwithstanding his having been considered a useless man by the committee of tho common school, a very different opinion was entertained of him by the parents of children at Kangaroo Flat, as was proved by the number of pupils already attending his school, although ifc liatl been open only two weeks. We aro informed that it is intended to hold a festival in the new large schoolroom shortly, when parents will bo afforded an opportunity of being present at an examination of their children. INDEPENDENT ORDER OF IIKOHAUITKS.-At the ordinary meeting of the Laurel Tent, on Tuesday night last, it was unanimously resolved to hold a series of tcmporance meetings in the schoolroom Golden Square. An influential committee was ap pointed to carry out the necessary arrangements. Subsequently tho committee held a preliminaiy meeting and appointed the following to act as otliecr:;Mr. K. Howe, chairman; Air. A. Castle bow, .secretary; and Mr. J. Medling, treasurer. The secretary was authorised to communicate with a number of total abstainors in the district and in vite them to attend tho next committee meeting, in order to secure their co-operation and support. Tin: Kk'KAUPH TKOI:IH: make their first appear ance in the Orderly-room to- night, ami from the reputation which has preceded them as comic siniivrs, there will no doubt he a large attendance. The vacant walls of the city have been well posted with representations of Harry llickards and Miss Lime Watson, and critiques of tho performance of the troupe. DANUKKOUS PRANKS.-On Tuesday evening a number of well dressed boys were observed to be engaged in a very dangerous pastime, near the wicket-gate in the Reserve, opposite the R.oyil Hustler's whim. JSeing piovidod with a quantity of crackers they awaifed the passim; by of vehicles, when the fireworks were thrown by them under the horses" feet, and in one or two eases the animals so treated became restive, and e msed their drivers some trouble. One caitur experienced great diffi culty in controlling his horse, which became very much frightened, and it was well for the youngsters thai the man, who grew very angry, was un:d/<\- to get at them, or they would certainly have received very severe chastisement at his hands. Now, we warn those young gentlemen not to be guilty of such tricks again. It is quite possible that they may he pounced upon by persons whose horses they frighten, and receive summary punishment, or that they may bo caught in the act by the police, and be disgraced by being brought before the magistrates, and made to pay the legal penalty of their offence. We should wish them to consider what would be tho consequences to them if an accident were to happen through their nnsehievousness, by whicli lives might be lost or limbs broken; and in fine, we counsel ihem to beware of repeating these very improper acts, or we shall be compelled to expose them by publishing their names. Tin: VI:UI:IN* give an autumn hall in tho Oddfellows1 Hail on Tuesday, 7th instant. Ju.KiiiHM: WRITI.VI;.-The copy of the list of railway consignees sent to this odice every evening for publication, is invariably so badly written, or so imuorfocily copied horn the original, that even to the mo-t experienced printers it is soinelimc: tH-fevly illegible; :ind, eo-isi-queuily {-lie names urn either incorrectly spelt, or omitted altogether. We are sure that it is only necessary to call the atten tion of the stai ion-master to this matter to have it properly attended to. Tin-: THEATRICAL BAZAAR for the benefit of tho burned-out company of the late Theatre lloyal, which is being held in St. George's llall, is reported to be progressing in the most favorable manner by the Melbourne papers. 