THE DRAIXAVJS OF THU SWAMPS. To H-t Editor of (he If. D. Qazettr. Sir,— Allow me space fnr a few words to ' W.S.T.,' &.C. Oh, yefrotfs! ' Paddocks spawn is full of eyes, and every eye's a Tadpole'— Burn's anglicised. Ynnr enrrespondent has conjured so vast an array of goblins from the teeming rceke of the swamps, that I dread to approach the subject, ns ' Dangerous conceits are in their nature poisons, which at the first are scarce found to mstaste, . Imt with a little act upon the blood-burn like the mines of sulphur.' — iSliatjpearr. He looms large on 'scores bedridden children,' 'bronchitis,' ' full graveyards,' 'pes- tiferous miasma,'' and last, though not least, 'obstinate aldermen' aud ghosts of civic bipeds, defunct of ' swamp fever,' Let me ask ' W.S.T.' did he, or (itiv one else, ever hear of a cast; of ' swamp fever, or fever und ague in Toowoonilia ? Running waters on mountains, at an elevation of aver 3000 feet, do not generate miasma. Men, women, and children are killed by the following, to which 1 am {an eye witness, viz.. Children, by drunken mothers giving them hell-lire milk, reeking of alcohol— rearing the pohi- things in filth and neg lect, ill-clad aud iU-gurturcd. Men aud women are here destroyed by tka most wanton and depravcJl neglect 'of ordinary sanatory regulations? Imagine it possible that in tbc nine teenth century we shnll find in n corporate town, within 00 feet of the principal thnmnghf nrr, a nt.ililr, a fowl-house, n closet, and n well, the said well sur rounded by a midden. »11 '??» space of 30 Bqunre feot. And again, adjacent to another principal street, .SO feet from n dwolling house, we find a pi/; stye, closet, and dust heap all under a ilnrk slied, almost iniperviojis to sun and air, nnd almttinn to a stable. f!ive me the cflidvia o£ tttl tlin feus of the Bedford level sooner than this pestiferoux stench. In the face of this outcry nbout tlic Gwanips, I con- I elude thnt there is an under-current of gold fever j contingent to the drainage thereof. If wo conserve I our water ; if wo wash and live cleanly ; promote \ earth oloMts and an abundant supply of pure water, ' wo sh ill maintain puUic health. ? . ' '? Draiuage and water supply mnttun hand in band. * I yet hope to' see water elevated by hydraulic power, : supplied to all and everyone — linths. ornamental ' water, pnblic walks, nun shmla trws iu liou of ' swnmps. Will 'W.S.T.' oiiu|»;vr« deuth loVof t-hililrnn ? hero with imy other town in tlie cilonv '. \Vv li*vu the healthiest oliildieii, if wn«M. in Qn-%uKianrl. I am, to., i 