SMALL "WINDMILLS FOR RAISING WATER. Having lately constructed a small wind mill for raising water, and there being some novel points about it, I have thought a description of it might interest those of your readers who have from time to time enquired on the1 subject. The sails in mine are made of thin. sheets of zinc strengthened by rimB of iron wire round the edges 3 feet! long by l£ feet at the broadest end. The four arms are strength ened by a wire attached to each arm, an other wire running from the central boss to the extremity of each arm ; this boss projects about 9 inches, the wire thus pulling the arms against the wind. The chief novelty in its construction is a sim ple arrangement for regulating the speed, no matter what force the wind may at tain. ThiB is done by india-rubber springs (such as are used for doors) at tached at one end to the wooden arms, and at the other to the corner of the sail. The zinc sails are hinged by a staple going round the border of the sails. Its action will easily be comprehended—as the power of the wind increases the angle of the sails will be increased in proportion, thuB keep ing the mill at a given speed, which can be regulated by the tension ef the springs. I am not aware if this principle has ever before been applied, but should imagine that it could be adapted to all windmills as a self-regulator.—Java, in ' Town and Country Journal.' To this the 'Macleay Independent' adds:—Mr. A. Cochrane, of Leaming ton, has one of these windmills in active operation, and which works very success fully. The only difference between the action of Mr. Cochrane's windsail and that described in the Journal abovenamed is, that Mr. Cochrane's has six arms, and the other has but four. Fatal Experiment.—A few days since an inquest was held at Newcross, to en quire into the circumstances attending the sudden death of Mr. It. 6. Pashley, aged 38, a Trinity House pilot, who was found dead in an easy chair in his dining-room. From the evidence it appeared that he lived on the best possible terms with his wife, and that he had no pecuniary or other embarrassments or troubles. His appointment was lucrative, as he had, under engagement with the United States Government, the piloting from Gravesend down the* Channel of the American packets; he was also very fond of his profession. It appears that he took great interest in chemistry, and occupied a good deal of his spare time in chemical experi ments. Among others he had tried the effects of prussic acid and its antidotes upon birds. One night, when he went np to his chamber, he said he could not sleep, and that he would go down stairs again and have a little chemistry. He was found dead in his chair the next, morning, with a stoppered bottle about two-thirds full of hydro cyanic acid, equal to the strength of Scheele's, and a copy of a classical dictionary ojren on the table, within reach of his hand. The medical evidence was to the effect that it was im possible to doubt that the deceased had died from a dose of the acid. The Jury returned an open verdict that the de ceased had died from a dose of prussic add, but how or under what circum stances administered there was not suffi cient evidence to prove. Why is theletter G like death?—It makes ghosts of hosts, .and is always in the midst of slaughter. 