STANDING UMPIRE AT A FOOT- RACE, The occasion on which I felt the difficulty and the delicacy of this position occurred to me one morning in the beginning of March. When driving to cover on the turnpike-road between Birmingham and Broomsgrove' I beheld before me at a certain celebrated level half-mile some 200 or 300 men, from whose boisterous demeanour and peculiar garb, although distinguished by much variety of detail, I inferred they were of active habits, and moving somewhat rapidly in the lower sphere of society. I had no desire to become intimate with them, and fully intended to pass them unheeded; but I was frustrated. Forming across the road they summoned me to stop, enforcing their peremptory mandate by seizing my horse's head. Feeling that the odds in the event of a personal encounter were against me, I made a virtue of necessity and pulled up. Surprised, but retaining my natural politeness, I enquired the meaning of so uncivilized a proceeding. A gentleman in a cap enlightened me at once. " Whoy, sur, we hare gotten a bit of a ra-ace 'twixt a WolT'iampton mon and and a Bram'agem mon, and want a hauipire. The Wolv'ratnpton men won't have a Brum'agein mon, and the Brum-agem men won't have a Wolv'rampton mon; so we've 'greed to stop the firr 1 gen'jemai as come3 along the road, and you're the fust we've seed, and you'll have to de it." "It's all very fine," I said, but it's out of my line altogether. I know nothing about such things, and fear I should not give 'satisfaction." " That be blowed," said furry cap; " any fool can tell who's fust." " Just so, my friend, said I; ",any fool can tell who's first; but as I do not at,present set myself down in that category, I may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity of the transaction, disappoint you." " Kone o' your patter,"guv'ner," said a thin white-faced fellow, who 1 fancied was from town. "Stew that," said half a dozen others. " You're right enough;" " you ain't such a fool as you look." " You'll be right enough; you ain't got nothing on it, and there ain't to squareyer now." "Out you come." And amidst such flattering and encouraging remarks I reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best. I took, or rather I was shoved into my post. "It's a hundred yards' race," said a gentleman .who took upon himself the office of my instructor. "A cove down yonder '11 fire a pistol, and you've got to see who touches this 'ere string fust." "I .understand," said I; " I understand. Thank you very much." "The Brum'agem mon's got a red handkevcher tied round his 'ed; the Wolv'rampton's mon got a blue 'un," " Ay, I see; very, good. 7 ' The pistol was fired, and off they went at a rattling hundred yards' pace. " Now, blue!" " Now, red !" /Now one's nose is half an inch first, now the other's^ Wriggle, wriggle, bound, step out, wriggle, wriggle again, a ud amid uproarious shouts and cries of " Blue !"—" Red 1 red! red !—" Blue ! blue!" the string was borne away, and the goal was passed. One was first, I am sure of that; but red and blue passing and repassing each other in quick succession dazelled me, and for my life I could not say which. Had I been a man of firmness "by nature, or used to such affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on the instant; but, alas I I was neither. Conscientious withal, I took time to consider. We know what place is paved with good intentions, and I was thinking of it, and really meaning to be very just,' when I was rudely roused by a push, aud " Now then, who's fust?" from fifty voice.*, proceeding from as many bony jaws. " Let me consider,said L " Ob, it wants no considering." Say red, or I'll til yer eye up !' " Blue, you fool! fay blue!" said a collier-looKing man; " blue, or I'll crack yer nut!" and so on, till I bethought myself to say " dead heat!"—bethought myself, I say, aud luckily I did no more. They read it in my eye. " None o' yer dead heats," said about a hundred, " or we'll kill yer! None o' that, mind." I tried to smile benignly on my persecutors, but fancy I looked very like a <ghost, and should have abandoned myself to despair had I known how to stt about it, when suddenly a voice, friendly, but unmusical, whispered gruffly in my ear, " Mister , I know you, you know me—I'm Ben Terry. Say red—that's Brum'agem; it's all light— there's 'nough on us 'ere to pull yer through it. Get in the middle on us, and say red." I looked at my friend, and trusted him; I would have embraced him, but had not time. So, following his advice, I got behind him, and shouted " Red" with might and main. " Red !" shouted Ben, echoing my decision in a most confirmatory tone. " Red, you ! any on yer want anythiuk?" As I was hoisted into my vehicle, the little crowd was surging considerably, and I thought I saw a fight or two, but having something else of more importance on my mind—namely, my own safety—I drove awav!. Since that time I have avoidijd level half-miles ou iny way to cover.— w HIST BIIOKKN.—A somewhat serious accident happened to a young man named Morris JU on Saturday morning, near Mount Gambier. The horse he was riding fell and rolled over him, aud upon extricating himself the rider found that his left arm was broken, mid the left wrist badly sprained. Dr. Weill \v:is speedily in attendance, aud the patient is now doing well.—Jlount Gambier Standard. Bailey's Magazine. 