Friday, March 1. Anne Jones deposed: I am the wife of Thomnas Jones, the lnst witess; onl the 25th of Norember last I went to Terlel)a with lmy husband; we arrived be tweon 5 and 6 o'clock in thie eveninlg; that evening Mr. liles came to Tartella and brought the mail; I know the prisoner Mro. Berkett ; Ililee came to the parlour, and said before hirn. Beckect that Mr. Zieman was mnissing I am sure we were both there; he said, " Mr. Zieman is missing ;" he said that Mr. Zieman's horse as found hamatrung at the tunda Gunda Croeek; he said Rogers, the postman, found the horse; ers. BeckeLtt said Mr. Zieman was a bad rider, and the horse mighlt have thrown him, and that he got lost once before going on to ISurot; I don't remem bor the exact words she used; I said, "In jump ing over a log the horse might have got hurt;" Hiles said, "No; the cut was made by a sharp instrument ;" the prisoner said, "Thank God, Patsy (or my brother-I am not sure which) did not leave the station with Mr. Zieman ;" Mr. Hiles acked prisoner to send notice to the Surat police; to the best of my belief other parties came in, I can't say whom; on the 26th November Mrs. ]3eckett, my husband, and I went to the Tartella grave-yard at about 6 p.m.; we stayed there a short time; Jones left a abort time before us; the disetance of the yard from the house is about 300 yards; prisoner and I followed Jones; I saw Jane RSyle run to MIrs. Swift and tell her something; only heard the word "murder" of what she said; Mrs. Beekett was by my side at the time; prisoner picked up hler dress in her hands and ran on towards lIre. Swift, who was standing opposite the school-house; a number of people got togetler-Io don't remember them all-on the kitehen verandah,; somebody asked Mr. Hiles if Mr. Zieman was murdered; hlie answered, "Tes, just as I expected;" ha said, "The murderer will be found within three days ;" he said it was a strasge thling, after the heavy rain that fell, that the nails in the heel of the boots could be counted that the murderer wore; somebody asked, "Was anybody sus pected P" he answered, "No ;" I remember the morn ing of the 27th November; I saw Mr. Uhr, Police Magistrate at St. George, and Sergeants Downie and Cranney at the station; on the 28th November Sergt. Downie came by himself; it was early in the day ; Mrs. Beokett and I were in thle kitchlen ; prisoner said "I have shifted Patsy's boots into the old man's room; they won't try there as he is sick;" I said, "You foolish woman, Sergeant Cranney looked at them yes terday, they will mise them ;" shortly after I was in thie kitchen with Mrs. Dechkett, she came out from tbo dining-room; the kitchen wall is on the left hand side coming from the parlour; she had bits of leather in one of her hands; they were leather straps; one of the pieces was the forehead band of a bridle; I saw the loops ; I could not tell what the others were; the head-band was slightly soiled; I don't believe there weore sn cheek-pieces; Mrs. Beekett said, "I don't know who owns these, I'll burn them ;" I said, " You foolish woman, they'll smell leather burning, put them under your dress;" Mrs. Beckett made some answer, I think she said they were too busy ; she opened tihe fire with a spade and put thie leather in and covered them over; on Monday, thie 27th November, Mrs. Beokett (I being in the kitchen) said to me, "Mrs. Jones, will you take a pocket-book for me P" she said there might be some papers in it she did not know of; I said " Yes ;" Mrs. Beckett left the kithern and went into the house, and I went to the dray camped close to'the hiouseo; when I came back to the kitchen Mrs. Beckett said she had given the pocket-book to Mrs. Swift; my husband was about the station on the 28th of November; I remember the 29th of November; my husband started away with the prisoner in a spring cart; they returned the next day in the spring-cart; I said, " You did not go all the way ;" prisoner said, " William had sent me a message to go no further;" by all the way, I meant to the Bridge; by " William," she meant her husband; on the B0th of November we camped under our dray-my husband and myself; I can't say whether he slept or not, I know I did. Thomas Doyle being recalled, deposed : I have been previously examined in this case; I remember the 21th November when Illes reported at Tartalla the finding of Mr. Ziemono's body; I remember about 9 o'clock that night I saw Mrs. Beckett on the kitchen verandah ; Mrs. Beekett said she was glad her brother did not go the road Mr. Zieman went, or perhaps people might think it was him that did it, as he had just come out of trouble; I remember the morning of the 27th November; I was going up to the etookyard about 10 that morning; Mrs. Beckett, who was at the end of the store, called me back; she said "Doyle, I want to speak to you;" I went back, and she said, "Will you oblige me to turn out two horses out of the large paddock;" I said I would: I asked "What sort of lhorses are they?" she told me one was a large bay like a draught horse; I asked her what brands; she said " I don't know ;" she said "The second horse is a roan horse, and the only roan horse in the pad dock ;" I went to the yard and found the bay horse in the yard at the back of the store; had a conversa tion with a station black boy about that horse, and in consequence I turned him out of the yard; the horse I turned out was branded GW over M near shoulder; to get to tile bush the horse had to pass the kitchen; I went into the hut; I saw Mrs. Beckett, Mrs. Jones, and Mrs. Holmes on the kitchen verandahl when the hIorse passed; I stayed in the lut about half an hour; I cameno over to thle kitchen rorandlah; I met Mrs. Beckett on the verandah; she naeked if'I had turned the horses out; I told her I had turned the big bay horse out; she said, "That must be the horse;" I told her I could uot see thie roan horse; she said, "LoNever mind, its no odds; I dare say they corned him out before they went to St. George s" she said on account of Mr. Beckett being away she did not want any stragglers in the paddock, in case the police should come it would not look well; I wont away then; I remember the day Mrs. Beckett, Jane Ryle, and Jones came back to Tartella ; I slept iu front of the kitchen door with my head towards the parlour door; about 11 o'clock that night I weas awoke by a rushing noise gohng past my bead; I belleved it was some one in their night-dress going outside from the passage ; the cause of the noise went round Jones's room before I could get my eyes opened to see; neither saw nor heard anything else that night; next morning in the kitchen in presence of Mrs.Holmes, Mrs. Beckett, and others I made a laugh by saying I had seen a ghost; I had a conversation with Tom Jones; the day after I turned the bay horse out of the paddock I saw Hiles and Sergeant Downie st Tartella stockyard; there wee a mob of boraes there; I saw the horse I turned out there; I next saw him at St. George in the hands of thie police, when Patrick Collins was in custody; Mrs. Beckett never gave orders about horses before. By Mrs. Beckett: Q. Were there some mares and foals very poor in the paddock when my husband was at St. George's Bridge P A.: I don't remember.-Q.: Don't you remember you did not know what mares and foals to turn out P A.: I don't remember that. Q.: Did you ever know me at any time to go out in my night.dress P A.: Never.-Q.: The night you heard the noise did you hearthe back door open P A.: I did not. Jane Ryle deposed : I have been examined in this case before; I remember the first time Mr. Ulhr, tlhe Police Magistrate at St. George, Sergeant Cranney, and Sergeant Downie came to Tartella station; Mrs. Holmes weeas there; that day I had a conversation with lMrs. Holmes about a pistol; after that conver sation hirs. Beckett gave me a good hiding-she beat me I was in my bedroom; shesaid that would make me not tell about a pistol again, or words to Ithat efiet; the day before the police came Mrs. Beckett told me if they asked me any questions I was to say I did not know; Mrs. Beckett said she would thrash me if I told the police; some days after Mr. Ziemaen left, in the presence of Mrs. Holmes and myself, Mrs. Beckett said, "Before I'll tell all I know I'll haver a rope put round my neck ;" I swear that is true. By prisoner: Q.: Did I. not teoll you, if the police asked you anything, to tell nothing but thie truthl? A.: No, you did not tell me so.-Q.: Did I net tell you before Mrs. Holmes P A.: No, Mrs. Holmes was not there. Christopher Weiss deposed: I am a labourer in Mr. William Bockett's employ at Tartella station; I take care of Mr. John Beckett, sent., and milk the cows; I remember tile 21st of Novcmber-the day Mr. Simon Zieman went away from Tartella; I was on the station from that date till I went to St. George's Bridge; it was about ten days; I was sum moned to St. George; Mrs. Beckett went away with Tom Jones in a spring.cart; the servant Jane Ryle went with her; they all came back next day ; on the night they returned I slept outside thle old man's room on tile verandah ; Mrs. Beckett came and woke me up about 8 o'clock; I went to bed between 7 and 8; I was just falling asleep; she said, "Would you be so kind as to let me get into thle old man's room;" I got up; she went in and wans looking under the old man's bunk; she brought a pair of boots out; I saw her toke them from under the bed ; els asked me to take them; I did so; ashle handed them to me; she told me to take them down to the creek and throw them into the middle of tihe waterhole ; sIhe also said, " Dot't make any noise about it," adding " You must not tell auybody;" I went away down to the creek with the boots in my hand ; from there I went to the cow- yaurd with thle bnots ; I put them away whlere I could fild them again after; I had a good look at them; 1 then wenta back to my bed again; Mrs. ]3eekett went away again two or three days after. warde; Tom Jones took her away again; Agnes Beckett (her daughter) and Mrs. Swift went, too, in a sepring-cart; after they went away, I went to the cow yard to look for the boots again ; the boots were in the same place I loll them; I took them to the hlouse; 1 showed them to Mrs, Holmes; I had a conversation with her about thebo boots; I was in the old man's room lwhen I showed thebom to Mrs. Holmes a the boots I had were not mates; I knew thle left hand boot, and should know it againus it had nails in the front of the eel and the toes broken; the right boot belongs to ld Mr. Beckett; Mrs. Holmes looked under the old maon's bunk and gave me the fellow of the left hand boot; she gave me both boots; [exhibit No. 37 in duplicate produced]; the left bootof No.87 is the one prisoner gave me to throw into the waterhole; the ight is the one Mrs. Holmes took from under the old ?ean's bed; I know a man named Pat Nihill; I saw him get them from Mrs. Holmes; I make no mistake hbout the bootse; Mrs. Beckett had no light in her land when she gave me the bools to destroy. By the Bench: Why did you not throw the boots n the water as you had beonn toldP Witness: Be cause I thought some one would be enquiring for them; I had heard something about the murder of Mr. Ziemano before Mr. Beekett handed me the boots. Patrick Nihill deposed: I was a special constable n November loast at St. George; I remember the 5th November last; I went to Tartella as a special con stable that day; I saw Mrs. Holmes there that day ; I saw Christophler Weiss also; I went to the front verandah room occupied by Mr. Beckett, sen.; I took possession of a pair of Blucher boots; [exhibit No. 37. produced] those are the boots I took; I showed them to Christopher Weiss, Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Jones being present; I returned to St. George, and banded the boots over to Sergeant Cranney; they were in the same state as I got them in. Nlla Swift, being sworn, deposed: I reside at Tartells; I remember tile 28th November last, a Tuesday; I know prisoner, Mrs. Beekett; I went over to the kitchen in theforenoon; Mrs. Beckett was there; =he said, "I am very glad to see you, Mrs. Swift; I was going to ask Mrs. Holmes or Mrs. Jones to look over this pohket-book; as you have come, it will be better to take it to the school-room;" we went over to the school-room; she then handed me the pocket book ; it was an old pocket-book full of paper; I took it to the school-room; I laid it on the table; Mrs. Deckett came over in less than five minutes; I then opened the pocket-book at her request and examined it; I looked at all the papers; they related to the Beekett's affairs axd some to George Neal's e; there were receipts of horses in it; I put them back and gave the book to Mrs. Beekett; prisoner said in my hearing to Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Jones that, as Patsy had access to her room, papers might be put in. William Downie, being sworn, deposed : I have been already enxamined in this case; on the 27th of Novem her last I was at Tartella in company with Mr. Uhr, Police Magistrate at St. George; I was searching Tar tella house; Mrs. Beekett was in my company part of the time whilst we were searching; in answer to ques tions of her own, I said to her that her husband, her brother Patsy Collins, and John Shannon M'Oovern were in the lockup at St. George she seemed to be =already aware of the fact; I told her not to fret about her husband, as he was all right, there was nothing against him, or words to that effect; I was again at Tartella on the 28thof November; I questioned Mr.. Heckett as to where wore her brother Patricl's boots, had he boots, and so on; she said he had only one pair of boots-elastic-side boots-the ones he wore to the Bridge; I was, on the 13th of February, at Tar tella; I saw Mrs. Beckett in her parlour; I said to her, "I arrest you, Mrs. Bockett, on a warrant in which you are charged with harbouring and receiving Patsy Collins, on or after the 21st of November last, well knowing him to have murdered Simon Zieman ;" prisoner made some reply to the effect that surely she was not to be taken awray again. By prisoner: Q.: Did you bear me say that if I know anything about my brother I would tell you P A.: You said something to that effect. This concluded the case for the Crown. Mrs. Beekett, being called on for her defence, said : "I know nothing about tlihe matter, but that I beliere Patrick Collins was tho man who murdered Mr. Simon Zieman." For the defence, prisoner called John Aitken, who, being sworn, deposed (examined by prisoner) : I remember the 26th November; Hiles gave the second report of the murder of Mr. Ziemen; I heard Mrs. Beckett say to Hiles, " You mean to say that Mr. Zieman is murdered P" I never saw you at sny time walk about in your night-dress in the night time; I never heard Johnny Beckelt make any re mark about pistols: I never heard you mention Mr. Rose's name about pistols. Ella Swift (examined by prisoner), being sworn, de posed : I remember the 26th November when Hiles brought the report of Mr. Simon Zieman's murder to Tartella; I heard you say, "0, how horrible!" as I came on to the overandah ; that was all I heard; I then went back to the school-hlouse. Prisoner was committed for trial at the ensuing sessions at Toowoomba. Bail refused. 