THI INNOCENTS AT HONE. M"Mark Twain" gives the following description of the company he met with at an uin, in which'he was eooped up for eight days during a flood' in Humboldt county: We walked out after supper, and visited -a small Indian camp in thevicinity. The Indians were in a great hurry about something, and were packing up and get. ting away as fast as they could. In their broken English they said, "By'm-by, heap water l" and by the help of signs made us understand that in their opinion a flood was coming. The weather was perfectly clear, and this was not the rainy season. There was about a foot of water in the insignifieant river-or maybe two feet; the stream was not wider then a track alley in a village, and its banks were scarrely higher thean a man's head. So, where was the flood to come from P We canvassed the subject awhile and then concluded it was a ruse, and that theIndians had some better reason for leaving in a hurry than fears of a flood at such an exceedingly dry time. At seven in the evening we went tobed in the second storey-with our clothes on, as usual, and all three in the same bed, for every available space on the floors, chairs, etc., was in request, and even then, there was barely room for the housigr of.the inn's guesta. .An lour later we were awakened by a great tur. moil, and springing out of bed we picked ouri way niably among the ranks of snoring teamsters on the floor, and got to the front windows of the long room. A glance revealed a strange spectacle, under the moonlight. The crooked Carson was full to the brim, and its waters were raging and foaming in the wildest way-sweeping around theo sharp bends at a furious speed, and bear ing on their surface a chaos of logs, brush, and all sorts of rubbish. A depression, where its bed had once been, in other times, was already filling, and in one or two places the water was begining to wash over the main bank. Men were flying hither and thither, bringing cattle end waggons close up to the house, for the spotof high ground on which it stood extended only some thirty feet in front and about a hundred in the rear. Close to the old river bed just spoken of stood a little log stable, and in this our horses were lodged. While we looked, the waters increased so fast in this place that in a few minutes a torrent was roaring by the little stable, and its margin encroach ing steadily on the logs. 'We suddenly realised that this flood was not a mere holiday spectacle, but meant damage-: and not only to the small log stable but to the Overland buildings close to the main river, for the waves had now come ashore and were creeping about the foun dations and invading the great lay-corral adjoining. We ran down and joined tihe crowd of- excited men and frightened animals. We waded knee-deep into tihe log stable, unfastened the horses and. waded out almoost - realedeep, so fast - the waters increased. . Then the--crowd rushed in a body to thao.'hay-corral and began to .tumble down the huge stocks of baled hay, and roll the bales up on the high ground by the house.. Meantime it was discovered that:: Owens, an overland driver, was missing, and. a man ran to thire large stable, and wading in, boot-top deep, dis covered him asleep in ihis bed, nwoke him, anud waded out again. But Owens was drowsy, and resumed his nap; but only for.a minute or two, for presently lie turned in his bed, his hand dropped over the side and came in contact with the cold water! It was up level with the mattress 1 He waded out breast-deep, almost,:.and the next moment the sun burned bricks melted down like sugar and the building crumbled to a ruin and was washed away in a twinkling. At eleven o'clock only the roof of the little log stable was out of water, and our inn was on an island in mid-ocean. As far as the eye could reach, in the moon. light, there was no desert visible, but only a level waste of shining water. The Indians were true proplhets, but how- did they get their informationP , I am not able to answer the question. .We.remained cooped up eightdays and nights with that curious crew. Swear ing, drinking and. card.playing weroe the orderof the day, and occasionally a fight was thrown. in for variety. Dirt and vermin-but let us forget those features; their profusion is simply inconceivable- it is better that they remain so. There were two men-however, this chapter is long enough. There were two men in the company who caused men particular discomfort. One was a little Swede, about twenty-five years old, who knew only one song, and he was for. ever singing it. By day we were all crowded into one small, stifling basr-room,'and so there was no escaping this person's music. Through all theo profanity,whiskey.guzzling, "oldeledge," and quarrelling, his monotonous song meandered with never a variation in its tiresome sameness, and it seemed to me, at last, that I would be content to die, int order to be rid of the 'tortureo. The other man was a stalwart rutman called "Arkansas," who 'carried two revolvers in'his belt'and a bowie knife projecting from Ihis boot, and who was always druok and.always sufloring for a fight. But he was so feared' that nobody would adccommodate him. iHe- would try all manner of little wary runes to entrap somebody into an oflansivo remark, and his face would light up now and then when he fancied he was fairly on the scent of a fight, but invariably his victim would elude his- toils and then he would' show a disappointment that was almost pathetic. The landlord, Johason; was a meek, well.meaning fel low, and Arkansas fastened on himn early, as hspromising subject, and gave him no' rest-dDy or nilight,; for a -while.: On the fourth morning, Arkansas got drunk, and sat hlmself down to wait for an oppor tunity. Presently Johnson came in, just comfortably soiable with whiskey, and aaidi- . -",I reckon the Pennsylvania 'leotion-" 'Arkdnsaes raised his finger impressively and Jolhnson stopped. Arkansas rose un. steadily and confronted him, - Said hlie : A -Whna-what do you know about Penn. sylvania P Answer nie that, Wha-what do'you know 'bout Pennsylvania P" :" lwas only gaoln' to say-' ""You was onl, goain to aol. You was I' Y u was only goin' tosayu- at was you' going to eayP .That's" it I -That's -what t'want to know. -' want to know wha what you A'ic) what you know about Peonsylovnasa, since you're makin' your. slf'-o d-d free. Answer me that 1" LO*; fr Arkansas. if you'd only let me5-" ,*A' Who's a lienderin'you P Don't you 'ielnaUate-dothing agin me I-don't you do:it.'- Don't you comae in here a bullylo' grouinnd; d ncasin' and 'gOin' on like k' onatib-ddb't youndo it. 'Coc I won't ,tasdit. If fight's what you want,,out b with it I'm your man I -Out with it I" Said Johnson, backing into a corner, Arkansas following menaoingly : "Why, I never said nothing, Mr. Arkansas. You don't give a man no chance. I was only goin' to say that Pennsylvania was goln' to have aan eleo tion next week-that was all-that was everything I was gain' to say-I wish I may never stir if it wasn't" Well then, why d'n't you say it P What did you come swellin' around that way for, and tryin' to raise troubleP" "Why I didn't come swellin' around, Mr. Arkansas-I just-" "I'm a liar am I! Ger-reat Caesar's ghost-" "Oh, please, Mr. Arkansas, I never meant such a thing as that, I wish I may die if I did. All the boys will tell you that I've always spoke well of yol, and respected you moron' any man in the Ihese. Ask Smith. Ain't it so SmithP Didn't I say, no longer ago than last night, that for a man that was a gentle man all the time and every way you took him, give me Arkansas ? I'll leave it to any gentleman hero if them warn't the words I used. Come, now, Mr. Ar kansas, le's take a drink--l's shake hands and take a drink. Come up-everybody I It's my treat. Come up, Bill, Tom, Bob, Scotty-come up. I want you all to take a drink willth me and Arkansas oldlArkansas, I call him-bully old Ar 'kansas. `amme your hand agnh. Look at him, boys-just taklco a look at him. Thar stands the whitest man in Americal -and the man that denies it has got to fight sue, that's all. Gimmo that old flipper ngin P" lhoy embraced, with drunken affec tion on the landlord's part, and unroe sponsive toleration on the part of Arkan sas, who, bribed by a drink, was disap pointed of his prey once more. IBut theo' foolish landlord was so happy to have es raped butchery, that he went on talking when he ought to have marched himself out of danger. The consequence was that Arkansas shortly began to glower upon him dangerously, and presently said: "Lan'lord, will you p.plenso make that remark over 5gin, if you please F" "I was a-sayin' to Scotty that my father was up'ards of eighty year old when lie died." "'Was that all that you said P" " Yes, that was all.' - "Didn't say notbing but that?" " No-nothing." Then an uncomfortable silence. Arkansas played with his glass for a moment, lolling on lis elbows on the counter. Then Ilie meditatively seratched his left slain with his right boot, wlsilo the awkward silence continued. aut' presently he loafed away toward tlhe store, looking dissatisfied ; roughly shoul dered two or three men out of a com fortable position, occupied it himself, gave a sleeping dog a kick that sent him howling under a bench, then spread his long legs and his blanket-coat tails apart and proceeded to warm his back. In a little while he fell to grumbling to him self, and soon he slouched back to the bar and said : "Lan'lord, what's your idea for rakin' up old personalities, and 'blowin' about your fatller P Ain't this company. agree able to you? Aint it. If this company ain't agreeable to you, p'r'aos we'd better leave. Is thatyour idea? P Is that what you're coming at?" "Why bless your soul, Arkansas, I warn't thinking of such a thing. My father and my mother-" " Lan'lord, don't 'crowd a man I Don't do it. If notling'll do you but a dis turbance, out with it like a man ('ic) but don't rake up old bygones and fling 'em in the teeth of a passel of people that wants to be peaceable if they could git a chance. What's the matter with you this. mornin', anyway? I noever see a man carry on so. " Arkansas, Freely didn't mean no harm, and I won't go on withlls it if it's onplensant to you. I reckon my licker's cot into my head, and' what with the flood, and havin' so many to feed and look out for-" " So that's what a-ranklin in your heart, is it? You' want us to leave, do you? There's too many .on us. You want us to pack up and' swim. , Is that it? Come!' '' "Please hoe reasonable, Arkansas. Now you know that I ain't the man to-" "Are you a-threatenin' me P Are you ? By George,' the man don't' live' that can skeer me I Don't you try to come that game, my chieken-'cuz i can stand a good deal, but I won't stand that. Come out from behind that bar till I clean you ! You want to drive us out, doyou, you snealcin' underhanded hondcd d I Come out from behind that bar I 1'lllearn you to bully and badger and Ihrowbeat a gen tleman that's for ever trying to befriend you, and keep you out of trouble l" "Please, Arkansas, please don't shoot! If there's got to be bloodshed--" " Do you hear that, gentlemen P Do you hear him talk about bloodshed P So it's blood you want, is it, you ravin' des perado I You'd made up your mind to murdersomeobody thlismorning-Iknowed it perfectly well. I'm the man, am IP It's me you're goin' to murder, "is it? But you can't do it 'thout I get one clance first, you thievin' black.hearted, wlhitelivered son of a nigger I Draw your weapon I". With that, Arkansas be'gan to shoot, andt the landlord to clamber over benches, men,'and every sort of obitaiclo in: a frantic desire to escape. In the midst of theI wild hubbub the landlord crashed through a glass door, and as Arkansas charged after him the landlord's wife' suddenly appeared in the doorway and confronted the desperado with a pair of' acissors I Her fury, was magni. fincnt. 'With' head erect and flaslling eye sho' stood' a 'moment' and then advanced, withll her weopon raised. The astonished rufnlin hesitated, aid then fell back a stop.' Shie foIbllowed. Se backed him stdp'by step. into the niddllo of the bdr.room, and then, while lithe wondering crord closed up and gazed, sh'e gare him such another tonguen.lashing as never a cowed and shamefaed braggart got be fore; perhaps! As she finished and re tired victorious, a roar of applause shook the house, and every man ordered "drinks for the crowd' in one and the same breath. The lesson was entirely suficient. The' reign of terror was over, and the Arkan sas domination broken for good. During tile rest of the season of Inland captivity, there 'was one man who sat apart in a state 'of permanent humiliation, never mixing in any quarrel or uttering a bdast,' and never resenting thbo insults the once oeringig orow now oebnstantly levelled at' him, and that man wds "Arkansas." .: T~vlfe of a W'elsh minIlter, TJohn Evans, askeid her 'husaland,'"'Dolyou- think :Ie ahall know eisaeh '"'other' in heaven 5"' 'He relled;' "'To bIe 'suroe we shall ; do' you thlink We shall ba greanter fools there than heoro " ' , 