r F'. Cornelius clssee of fthe Hay. mairket, called atnu office last nightl and reported the followug mnelanecholy. occnr rrence. ,;He.,states thlat ' her wis Eaiishing under -the cliffs about ha.lfia milernorth of 'the nortlh heiad oft Bondi, yesterday aftlor ,noon,betewcen fourrand five o'clock, when, heleaiid a ioise oveirhead as if of sto'ric; falling whiclh causedhimito look up aind 1 rush from his .position ;aHe saw only a. couple of small stones come from the top. which.wi's a honeyconibed shelf.. After listeniigr foi a short ?time. and seeing. rJ nothingimore, hhe~6uind,round, and saw : iin the ,iwater, about twenty' yards ,from. wie vliie l had -been fishing, a man .trug-, Sgliig. Fvi.';thi te.waves;and. apparently drowning. This was the first intimatign that :he had. that any other person than himiself.vas ;iii,.the vicinity... It was flood tide and although: the weather wlis cdn,, Stihe waves weie, rolling in..heavily, and? the struggling mani was Lept afloat idal thougli he; did. not appear able to; swim. 1Mr Corn eliuscalle.`I. -out to hiunto keep his cou ige:uip until lhe wentforihis fish ing li .At .that noinent tlie doiwning. man.saeemed quite sensible, and, although lie "'inever spok? l .e howed is looks i that " hewas quite awareMr ;Coriielius. was en deavoi , irin ?tosaie him'. , His movements gave, the idea t ilait he was disabled in the legs.MMirCornelius after, brietkingoffi lis line from tilhe rocks withy w: ich in hth liiiiy of the nimoment ? ihad got eniltangled; retuined to; <ihere.the un ifortunate ieman was. battling; for his lifte witl the waves; and after two or three ineffetual-.attempts: :to, throw-, the line close, erniughli(, suceleded, in, throintg it round tlihe drowning man, who unfortu natdely was too ufae gone then 'to gr spli it: having the moment before -omitedi.as if; in a: last effort ;bf nature.' . Whlien"Mr Cornelius commienced to haul on. the linie a tremenidouis wave coming in washed it from his hold on the nian's body, aiid te; back~water.;. dra'gged the poor -fellow `to seawird: , The tide was young flood;,and the pooi fellow who. during all this: time never sank, was seeno by our informant. for; fully half a liour "sinig aind ralling witli the waves and Beinm carried towards North Head. . On ascending .to `the top, of the cliff, which.is hieie inearly peirpen dicular and iatleast 200- feet lhi=igh Mr Cornieliusi'fouindn nothing but a piece of old", bagging lying- near. the spot -from which:he supposed:the manr to havefia le. i There:wasino hat, clbthing, or any thing else to. iidicate who he was: . It appears as if he had fallen, from the: ex treme top: on-.to a -projecting. ledge,-and; then bounded into the ~sea.n He, was ap parently between, fifty and sixty-years of age;, and wore. a black coat, and .twill: shirt:: He .had dark eyes; high forehead; grey hair; and was::bald on the' top of' the. head. ' Mr. "_h Cornelius proceeded as quickly as' possible-to. give.- infoirmation to the. police. !Nothing is as yet known- as to wliho the unfortunate mnan was; or what brought him tobthe cliff where hei met his death.--E, mpire '..hursday SA HIGH ,Cutruc? Viw OF DIssENT. - :The. followuiug is an extract' from a book en .titled ;"Some Questions of theCIuch :Cate-, chism and the 'Doctrines; involved, , briefly, explained for the use- of Famrilies and Paro: chial Schools," by the Rev. PFrederic .Auhart Grace, M.A, Vicarof (Great Bailing, Essex:' -Q. We have amongstl us various se:ts and denominations who go by:.the namne oft)is.r senters. In' what light are we to consider ;them ? A.. As heretics; .ando.in our, litany. we expressly pray to be delivered from :t'he: sins of false doctrine, heresy;,and. schism;.' -Q. Is ,then their worship a. laudable serivice:? A: :No . Beca?;se,:they ??orship God accoi-' ding to thleir owirevil andcorrupt imagina tio ,.and not according to hlis revealed i illi !andtherefore ,their. worship is-;idolatrous. Q. `Is dissent a, great .-sin.;. A.: Yes. i i t is.. in direct opposition to our.duty:towardsGbd.: Q·.But do we not find among them many good ?ren ?"; A. Many doubtless are:dofun, excepitonabile character in a moral point lof: viiew but :;they are., not holyt;:Leni:. Q,. hereiti. consists the. difference , between .a inoral ian and a holy3man ?, A.,A :moral nman is a man who, acts from the impulses of eduication , position in society, .and other worldly, principles, .a .holy mana is one who Sdoes good rliwoi k by the divine aid of the Holy Ghost, ;duly using the means of grace. Q ,Why .have riot Dissenters been exconm munieated ? A. Because the law of. the land does not allow that -wholesome law.of the Church to he acted upon; but Dissen ters have excommunicated themselves by setting up ai religion of their own and leav ing the ark of God's Church. Q. What class of Dissenters should we be most on our guard agaiust? A. Those wlio imitate most nearly the true Church of Christ.' Q. But are there not Dissenters who use the. same form of prayer 'as ourselves? . A. Doubtless; but the prayers of the Church: being for the most part for the priest :to offer up in.behalf of the people, it must:hbe sinful and: presumptuous of those people who are called dissenting teachersto address the throne of grace, usurping the priestly office. Q. Is it wicked then to enter a omecting-house at all ? A. Most assuredly; because, as was said above, it is a house were God is worshipped otherwise than: he has commanded, and therefore it is.not:con secrated to his honour and glory:; and. be' side we run the risk of being led away:by vwecked. enticing words; at the same by :our \- esence we are witnessing our approval ,of: tleir heresy, wounrdig, the consciences of oir :calker brethren, and by our example tiehing them,;to go astray,: : : ': . STHrEr GOULBuiN. MEAT.R.-PRISBERVINb : CbOraNY.- A count- ales fronim Englandi arc hand by the last timail, friomu- which :.iti. adpeara that large- quantities of~ thi .cioni-' pany' .inmeats:haire beei :.sold at.from 5&d; ito 6d per lb; andl.ealoi of.4j,000.tinsiteqihali tp I3,0001,O Ito acrrive`. e beena ere.ffted. at I q l mih eyt t st- tejbgXbe0 repyr`'d ·Iene'e {btie' i egiirded' us``v'al y ; satisfaetig.:.?"`The' ti weld to be th·.·n rui i i clpr~ice l~xiit:~j~~i innaaul nreeiig fh:!arnueuigtbf w on WYkednesdiiy yneitne a orl a.T 'r ·ttir r iliiecctors, Messrs Gx'liuiid z yii nny; and'the clretiran :auditorss Mesrzs-Ivdz and. ýKizltk&"haive gi've` notice th'eit~i'thay j~'aii can didates for re election `No oth'cri candiii': Rteaid?:eliFi er tliemselw"th'=-ý'Gud~iurVbl. 