±-s . . _ -ai a -. -i--' g'ar ?i: cf a- '- -phnn of \- entered Ir-z4t Ce-r , C? " re ws~oft SI After tacang 1es w er or?wn t ier-- i as oG . theof a buan .city ed · f Lam a-,? "e o wus . o a?w CF??arlg hinst Lt ra.=-s -:r- inr D=ue.. nhe sEad his co-=-n? e ursein rai ..ate, an e sIll g hob lefn hi tof h r~tu h?{e. ere ter mbrore earat b 2 re. the c7er t phad pthe . a n h, was ap painted pw "'e a to the tB'tn le = ton ath He bad obseed is c suncrymen during a3i eriod of unused alsarm and d trc amiohs whir the irrthe pr:e be o umur the lively Irish charaeter were the more remarkable. He heas not ared them. In his earlier tales, one may trace the influence of the gopainflly exceptional circumsance of his of ourn in the district of Londnderry Irish e tricitie are eaggeratedo uit literary labours in the same direction. His next tale was Charles O'Malley; then at no long intervals followed Jack Hinton, Our Mess, The O'Donoghue, St. Patrick's Eve, Roland CaChel, The Krnight of Gwynne, The Dahone, The Dodd Family Abroad, and Arthur OsLeary. He also published anony mously The Diary of Horace Templeton, Con Cregan the Irish Gil Bias, One of Them, Barrington, Luttrell of Arran, A Day's Ride, and Sir Brooke Posbrooke. At a later period he published Irish Military Life, which was illustrated by Mr. Hablot Browne. In the year 1842 Lever entered upon a new kind of undertaking, the editorship of the Dublin University Magazine. This work he carried on for four years. And the record of his views in that periodical on publie questions of historical interest enables us to exhibit the pclitical views of the novelist, of whose sinentive genius Our readers have already had ample illustration. As editor of the Dublin University Magazine he ably supported conversative views on the eventful course of Irish affairs. The chief efforts of the conaservative party were in theos days directed against O'Connell, and the whigs, who, notwithstanding a few outbursts of theat orator's passionate denunEiation against them, were linked with OConnell by mutual good services. Lever had no patience, either with O'Connell or his am es, CLord John Russell and other leading whigs. He blamed Sir Robert Peel for being too patient with the agitator. When at last Sir Robert Peel interposed the authority of the government to put a stop to the repeal demonstrations, the Magazine applauded him for his decision, and sarcastically praised the new-born moderation of O'Connell. "To our minds," wrote Laser. "Mr. O'Conntell never in his whole life acted with more con summate prudence and dexterity than he is acting at present. What is his case? He had by a series of energetic demonstrations worked an exciteable people up to the very point of insurrection. Whether he com menced with any decided determination to carry matters so very far, it is beside our present object to pronounce. But un doubtedly a spirit had been generated which was rapidly obtaining the mastery over the popular mind, and which, when the pro clamation for preventing the Clontarf meet ing was issued, was all but uncontrollable. Against that spirit evoked by himself he had to struggle; and he has as yet been able to remand it to the place from whence it came. He now found that he had calculated erroneonsly on the passiveness of govern ment, and upon the effect of the bullying system uponSirRobert PeeL The minister, though quiet, was not unwary; and whilst to most men he appeared criminally indif ferent to the action of the seditious classes which were rending the empire asunder, he was only biding his time, with a pre determination to come swoop upon the agitator, when that personage had clearly passed all limits of constitutional forbearance, and when the real character and objects of the agitation were so manifest that a man who ran might read them. Well, the proper time at length arrived ; the blow was struck; repeal agitation was suddenly brought to a dead-lock; and the incendiary found that he must either retreat from his position or ad vance upon hostile bayonete. Can it be doubted that he wisely resolved to adopt the less heroic alternative ? S ° 0 * The true play of the great dissembler now was, to assume the character of the moderate man, to appear under the guise of an apostle of peace; to deprecate all violence, and wrath and evil speaking against the government; and to present, as far as it was possible so to do, an aspect of meek and injured inno cence to the nation at large, which might beget further sympathy, instead of blunder ing ferocity which would only provoke indig nation." Whilo taking up decidedly the tory view of Irish affairs, and thus making himself ob noxious to a large proportion of his fellow countrymen, Lever showed himself a fair and merciful opponent. He did not disparage the grandeur of the repeal movement. The following description might even be read with pride and gratification by repealers; and to all parties is now a record of historic interest:-" Wherever, for months, Mr. O'Connell moved, the spring tide of popula tion flowed and ebbed with all the regularity of gravitation. It was not a movement of the surface, stormy and therefore transitory; but the stirring of the depths, the very quiet ness of which indicated the pervading law -a law that neutralised in mobs their instinct of riot, and in crowds their impulse c: ie rs % The drillei -nd h-~ -era masses,-which moved with less han regimental regularity, but with zre than iitary subjection, with lees than he --s- -n ·e2 but more than the unity f an ar:-y,- wre inC3pable of committing brea=.hes cftep-as; the d-isplay ofpersonal hatred was incsmpatible with the spirit of crdbi aLon. The soldier of repeal dared not t to n out of rank to commit an assault cr c3--aenc- an affray; a warden with his -wan ws th-ere to stifle the solitary emotions of týarity anuger, or the settled purpose of One :more e?nract on Irish politics will s-ow that the conservative opponent of O'Connell was not without humane con zsidration for the sufferings of his country en. In April, 1844, he wrote in favour of generous dealings towards the Irish people. The patronising generosity of the tory party \--?lgh well seem more offensive to Irishmen than .he measured concessions in the direr ton of enual rights recommended by English whigs and radicals. And since the liberal policy of the Gladstone administration has bea-me a fact in the history of-Ireland, both the tory compassion and the whig concessions of thirty years ago bear quite an antiquated aspect. But the sentiments expressed by Lever in 1844 must be judged by the stsnd ard of the time. By " we" of course he means the conservative party, then headed by one of the greatest and best statesmen that ever led a party in England, Sir Robert Peel. "Our comrse," he then wrote, "is an easy one, and compromises nothing. Yon have been advised to buy the priests; we say buy the people; the price will not be one twentieth of the amount; and the bargain will be an honest one on both sides. There is hunger to be fed, and nakedness to be clothed; try to disabuse the sufferer of the impression that these things can only be done by polling down the church or dismember ing the empire. You have want on every side. Endeavour to show its victims that a registration bill, or a poor law, or an appro priation clause, cannot be its remedy. Open the poor man's eyes to the fact that his poverty is the stock-in-trade of selfish politi cians, and that his misery is the standing grievance on which whiggery and radicalism assert their claim to power. In any case, you have tried many remedies to relieve the woes of Ireland; this at least you have not experimented. If you succeed, the victory is a great one. The restoration of the social state of the island to a condition of health is a subject pregnant with hope. Every Irish man must conceive the strongest expecta tions of national greatness from such a consummation." If the readers of Harry Lorrequer, Jack Hinton, and the Kearneys of Kilgobbin fail to recognise the author who has entertained them with an endless variety of pictures from Irish life, in the conservative politician of the Dublin University Magazine, they will soon find that the philosopher of that journal is identical with the charming novelist. As a philosopher-of his own school-he writes of the Nightmare. He protests against the modern Sadducean belief that all visions of nightmare are traceable to internal physical disorder. "There is nothing elevated," he says, "about indigestion; it is neither saintly, nor in its unsaintliness is it sublime. In general it comes from eating too much, which is not a proceeding of seraphic ten dency, nor the first step to a movement hea venwards. And these affections of the epigastric regions are ordinarily the produce of indigestion; wherefore the sleep-waking state into which they cast us-namely, that sleep of the outward and waking of the inward man-reveals to the eye of the sleeper a base neighbourhood. The nightmare does not come up into our sphere; but we spirit ually descend into his. He is there a'ready. wnuhile we are gorging ourselves; obut we are not aware of him until the outward senses are sealed in torpor, and the inward world opens in its dim horror on the troubled eye of the soul." [Then after narrating, with out a sign of doubt, the account of some German who had a wooden peg driven by an invisible hand through his foot, fastening him to the floor, the author reasons thus upon the facts.1 " Was that imagination? The power of thought might have produced the hole in the man's foot; but where did the wooden peg come from? h ' After all, is it not a frightful thought that our own soul can people its environments with gob lins and demons, than that some such come near it from a sphere of their own? Were it not better for me to be able to say, when moping and mewing fiends or gibbering phantoms surround me-' these subsist apart from me-they have no part in me, nor I in them;' than to be obliged to think, 'these are the projected aspects of my own spirit, multiplied reflections of my inner self; they are creations of a power within me over which I have no control; yes, I myself am the abyss out of which they ascend, and which may yet pour them forth, myriads upon myriads, ever ghastlier, ever loathlier.' Heavens! are we strictly speaking nothing more than portals, spiracles of the infernal pit? Have we within us the true devil's ladder, the well staircase winding down into bottomless gulfs and the blackness of dark ness, by which all shapes of night, of hellish spectres, of monstrous and malignant things, come and go between their world and ours? If we will not be afraid of ghosts, have we to not be afraid of ourselves? To this has the march of intellect brought us? to come back with this message to us went the school master abroad? Then let such march of intellect, say we, end in a Russian retreat; and as for such a schoolmaster-the reader and I will bar him out!" The talents and services of the editor of the Dublin University Magazine did not pass without recognition by the conservative party. After 1845 he went to live at a castle in the Tyrol, and then spent some years in Florence; and having thus added to his other attainments the qualifications which residence among the Italians enabled him to cultivate, he was appointed by Earl Derby, the conservative premier in 1858, to the post of vice-consul at Spezzia; and in 1867 he was transferred from that position to a more important one at Trieste. 