A TOUR TO THE SOUTH. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT,] ON THE BILLABONG. The Billabong (aboriginal ' billa, ' small watercourse) is a long creek flowing between the Murray and Mur rumbidgee, along vast plains, and into the Edward River, The Billabong blacks were regarded as a very intelligent tribe, but unfortunately they are now rapidly dwindling away. I have been informed by a gentleman long resident in the district that within the past ten years, over 200 aboriginals, fine young fellows, have been taken to Queensland for the native police force there. Many of them have died there ; and very few return to their native districts. Leaving Deniliquin, the nearest township is Conargo. For the first eight miles small plains and belts cf limber are crossed, and1 a public-house called 'The Eight Mile' is passed. Seven miles further and the monotony of the scene is relieved by a pine forest, which the road pasBes throngh. The bright green of tbe leaves of the pine is pleasant to look at in the warm weather, when everything ela« on the plains is parched and dried up. A farm house (Bishop's) is here, and a few miles further there, is a Tery ?comfortable hotel called the ''Forest Creek.' It is built of pine, and contains ten rooms ; Mr. Thomas Stalley is the host. Following: a track' from the Forest Creek. Bridge, below the hotel, a pleasant ride of three miles over the plains - brought me to a belt of timber. Entering this belt at a gate, and cantering along a natural avenue, there opened out on some clear ground the residence of Miles Patterson, Esq., J.P. The station is erampousfy called Boonoke, its proper name being Mooloka. The house and grounds, nicely situated in the midst of a pine forest, present a picture of rural comfort. The barns, stables, men's huts, and out bnild ingare principally in the rear; while peeping between the trees the overseer's cottage, also of pine, with garden, is seen. Having the advantage of being on a Hat level country frith no hills as a protection, expedi ents am adopted to keep off the heat. For Btoring purposes there is a well arranged underground house ; and for dairy a treble walled pino-honse is in use. The temperature is always very low ia it. The Billabong uovre by the door. It is often baak high. To facilitate crossing, considerable ingenuity is shown by Mr. Patter son which might be taken advantage of in other places. Having selected two Urge trees, one on each bank 100 teet across, a wire suspension bridge is made to span the Billabong, and is attached to each tree. The bridge il a novel one, having win side or hand rails, and trire cross pieces acting as pedals, with pieces of board at intervals along the bottom, the wire being light fencing wire, only No. 6. Beginners find that crossing and maintaining one's equilibrium is a difficult task, though the ladies of Mooloka cross easily. Mr. Patterson is about erecting another eood suspension bridge, of a like description, but usiiig No. 2 wire. Crossing the suspension bridge, a short walk brought us to the Mooloka woolshed. This is * capital structure Df pine throughout. It is built in the form-of a T, and its dimensions are 120 fcy SO feet The flooring of pine is almost toojjood for the use to which it is devoted. Wilding's wool-press (travelling box) is used. The yards in connection Are capitally planned, and the shed consequently is .easily worked at the busy time of shear ing. ? Strolling tKirough the grounds we next exiimined the traveller's accommodation Jint, one of the f tartling necessities of Eivwina. Capital shelter, beds, &c.;, are here arranged for those on ' the wallaby ttraclr ,' ' the purse of Bivcrina., Some show their gratitufle by masing firewood - of their bedsteads. Many squatters keep a cook specially for these travellers, and 1000 meals a year is considered by some pastoral proprietors a light tax. Of course there ore many honestly in search of employment during tie idle months, but unfortunately there are some who, to use tbe hackneyed nhrase, are ' begging for work and praying to God not to find ft to do.' The following is part of a song which lashes these loafers nnmercif ally .-— Hurrah for a Iiuv life ! Hurrah for nothing to do I Hurrah for tlie ninnies ivlio give me bread, And find me 'baccy too ! The world ts full -if fools, Industrious as the bee ; Bat I will do nothing, and do it well, And that is enough for me. Loaf, loat, loaf, ' In winter, or summer bright, Andlotf, loaf, loaf, From Sunday to Saturday night. Smoke, and tucker, and sleep. Sleep, and tucker, and smoke, 8o long as Ti-e these I'll take very good oare Not to work a single stroke. Tia true I waji taught a trade. But then I'm a regular shirk ; A white-livered cur that feigns any excuse To shuffle away from work : Sow it's a pain In the head. And now its a scratch or a boil ; Anything, notlung, a truth or a lie. To sneak out of honest toll. Loir, loaf, loaf, &c.;, ic, Sx. Men of this class amuse themselves kicking their heels in the sun, lolling under shady trees all day, aad at sundown assume the garb of wayworn travellers, and approach the stationholder with 'Mister, I'm very tired, cos I stop to-night P A reply in the negative will at once bring down the indignation of such men. Occa sionally the owner of the station is put out of temper by the heavy demand of his hospitality, aud a refusal to accommodate any more has been met with the coo rejoinder : 'I would'nt wonder if your paddocks ketched fire Borne night' — thereby threatening dire revenge on the squatter, by setting fire to his grass and destroying his fences. To resume the description of Mooloka and its stock and appliances: I was next shown a splendid black horse called .' Tbe Swell.' His sire is fisherman, and his dam is Coquette. The Swell stands 17 hands high, has a| beautiful' head and fine limbs, and is exceedingly docile. Passing through a pine forest to the right of the house we came upon the stock and killing yards, the latter filled with one of Weston's capital 30 cwt. pullens. The stock yards are erected of pine timber, and though light they look very strong and faithfully built. The station is all fenced in, and a vast sum of money has been expended in dams, and other improvements every where visible. One dam alone, pointed out to me, cost over £600. The books of the station show that during the past ten years upwards of £20,000 has been expended in improvements. The area of the Mooloka station is twelve by -seventeen milss, aad it has a front, age of about twelve mile to the Billabong. Before leaving Moolofca I will refer to one of the most extraordinary and interesting birds on the Billa bong, viz., the spotted bower bird. Bumbling with Mr. Patterson, on a fine day, through a young plant*, tion of pineB, outside tbe garden fence, we come upon 'a covey' of these birds. In giving a short notice of the appearance and habits of thebower'-bird I cannot do better than make use of Mr. Gould's graphic sketch : xhe spotted bower bird has the crown of the head, ear coverts, and throat of a rich brown, each feather sur rounded by a narrow line of black ; a beautiful band of elongated rose pink feathers cross the back of the nock, forming abroad fan-like occipital crest; ail the upper surface, wings and tail are of a deep brown ; every feather of tbe back, scapuiaries, and secondaries tipped with a large round spot of rich buff ; the primaries are slightly tipped witb white ; the feathers of the flanks are marked with faint transverse zig-zag lines of light brown ; the bill and feet are of a dusky brown ; and the bare skin at the corner of the mouth is thick, prominent, and of a deep flesh colour. One point of no ordinary interest to the naturalist and general admirer of nature is the formation of a bower-like structure, by this bird, for the purpose of a playground, hall of assembly, or gome such purpose — bat for what particular use these curious bowers are made is not yet fully understood ; they are certainly not used as a nest, but as a place of resort for many individuals of both sexes. When they are there assem bled they run through and around the bower in a sportive and playful manner ; and do this so frequently that the place ib seldom entirely deserted. The one at J. ars on's, Mooloka, was an avenue-like structure about ten feet long among the young pines. Outwardly built of twigs, the base consisted of an extensive and rather convex platform of sticks firmly interwoven ; the interior was beautifully lined with bill grasses so disposed that tbe heads nearly met: the decorations were very profuse, and consisted of bivalve shells, crania of small mammalia, and other bones. Evident and beautiful indications of design were mani fest throughout the whole of the bower ; and also in the decorations formed by these birds, particularly in the manner in which the stones were placed within the bower, apparently to keep tho grasses with which they were lined fixed firmly in their places. These stones diverged from the mouth of the avenue on each side, so as to form little paths for the birds to run. An immense collection of decorative materials, boneB, shells, &c.;, were placed in a heap before the entrance of the ivenue ; this arrangement being the same at both ends. As the bower-birds feed, exclusively upon seeds ind fruits, the shells and bones could not have been collected for any other purpose than ornament; beside, it is only those that have been bleached perfectly white in the snn, or such as have seen roasted by the natives, and by this means whitened that attract their attention. The collection, and trans- ? portation of these heavy bones, &c.;, must be a task of jreat labour and difficulty- There were .* bout a dozen aowor-birds at this rendezvous, running' and playing ibout. Leaving Moobka^ Mr. Patterson loudly accompanied me for several miles np the Billabong: About three miles from the station we came to Conargo (the aborip. inal name is Gooriara (meaning 'Hopping or Kangaroo Ground'), twenty-two miles from Deniliquin. Conargo is a small village, aad has three hotels, and a store asd post-office, both the latter being carried on by Henry Levy and Co. There is one respectable hotel at Conargo, kept by Mr. Boss. Almost adjoining the village is the Btation and residence of Mr. F. Parker, and a few miles beyond, Mr. Eobert Patterson's. Neither of these gentlemen were at home, so a description of their station must be deferred till a future time. When half- way across a plain I bid adieu to Mr. Patterson, and continued the journey alone. For twelve weary miles across the plains the country -was uninter esting. It was evening when I got to a pine forest, in which was Currabungannung, the station of Mr. Eobert Blaekn-ood. I was most hospitably entertained there, and in the morning I hod an early start. Eight miles from Mr. Black wood's I came to Coree station, Wilson Brothers', and the remaining twelve miles to Jerilderie was ridden over in tbe afternoon. The track lay across a sandy desert or plain, and the day was blazing hot. My guide from Coree was a huge block-boy called Jacob, whose fatness seemed to make him too lazy to speak, or give information. Under these circumstances I could echo the words in the follow ing poem : — ? Afar in rhe desert I lore to ride, Wi'h the silent bush-bay alone by my side ; When the Borrows of life the bouI o'eroist, And, aick of tlie present, I turn to the past ; And the eye ib suffused with regretful tears, From the fond recollections of former yean ; And the shado - of things that have bmg since fled. Flit over the brain like Ihe ghosts of tlie dead— Bright visions of f lory Unit vanished too soon — Day-dreams that departed ere manhood's noon— Attachments by fate or dyl'alMuood reft— Compunions of early days lost or left— And my Native Land 1 whose magical name Turills through my heart like electrio flame ; ' Tho home of my childhood— the haunts of ray prime; All the passioiis and scenes of tliat rapturous time. When Iho feelings were youiig aud tlio world was new, Like the fresh bowers of Paradise op'ntng to view I All— all now forsaken, forgotten, or gone ; And I, a lane exile remembered of none, M3' high aims abandoned, and good acts undone^ — Aweary or all that is under the sun ; With mat sadness of heart which no stranger may Man I fly to the desert afar from man. Afar in the desert I love to ride. With thesilent bush-boy alone by my aide, WheD the wild turmoil of thisvearisoroelife. With its scenes of oppression, corruption, and strife ; Tbe proud mail's scorniutd the base nuui's fear ; Ajid the scorner'B laugh, and the sufferer's tear ; And malice and meanness and falsehood and folly. Dispose me to musing.iuid dwk melancholy, . * When my bosom is full and my thoughts are high, Ani my sonl is stole witb the suSererssigh— Oh, then! there is fn-edom, and joy, and pride, Aiiu in the cesert alone to ride. '\ Approaching Jerilderie, my thought* were diverted by a magnificent sight is the distance, fhe day was intensely hot, and skirting the plain there appeared a beautiful lake, a clear limpid sheet of water. Beyond and on its margin, were outlines of houses, churches and steeples. The delusion was perfect, and jre reined np our horses, for a some minutes to look upon the splendid mirage. In a short time it disappeared, tmt in its place came other water views, and as we proceeded ihe lakes sometimes seemed so close that we had difficulty in believing it was a delusion. Jerilderie, from the aboriginal 'Jereel,' a reed, at last was reached. It is a small toiva of about 100 inhabitants, nnd contains a good Public Senool, two stores, three or four public-houses, asaddler's (Mahood), and blackprpMi'B shop, %c. The Jeridcrie Public School is a nice!!little-,brick:bnilding.ZItwas under the charge. of a clever young lady, Miss Kate Mahony. There were owy twenly^ight pupils on the roll, and twenty. children, and was therefore agreeably surprised on wit uessing their nroficiency in reading, writinjfTand analy sis, arithmetic, geography, and singing— the latter Piirticuliirly Thonra young, the children' were clean und .well-behaved. Altogether the school reflects great credit io the teacher. V% P™'*?'1 ^!fres *' Messrs. Henry Levy and Co., and Mr C. Van Ber Moal's. The*, are general store, and well supplied with a most miscellaneous 'stock—all conntry goods. The principal hatefe are the Royal, and the Court-house. Court is held in JeriMuieon the second rueBday of each month. The magistrates who ReneraUj attend ^e ^Blackwood, wHSwlias, C. CHoy/. and J. Weir, Eeqs. Sergeant Johnston is in charge of the police, and acts as C. P. S. ' ~B»w , The principal annual event about Jerilderie, and in 'ft^^terfmreruM,, is the great pastoral show held there. Splendid show yards hayB been ierected at a cost of .£400 or .£500, for sheep, cattle,- and horses, though pnncipaUy the former. ? The committee have spent .£50 for dies for their medals, which are issued to successful competitors. JUr. Wm. Hay, of Boomoo ??om5?l\w^*- th? first Pre8illent of the. Jerilderie show. Mr. Mitohell is the president this year. IJie show it generally held in the last week of July, orirstweek in August. Jerilderie is a wonderful .little place in it« qmet way, and I am given to understand by the leading storekeepers,, that a good deal of moaey is eipendei every year m the tons. ' Leaving Jerilderie and crossing gome large plains, the first place come to was tbecatUa station of Mr. P. Bren nan. His house is on the right bank of the BQlabong, seven miles from Jerilderie. For twelve miles further there is no habitation, . and the jniles seemed intermin. able. At last a well kept comfortable ins -called th» Cocketgedong, was reached. It is built on a slight eminence, and is kept by Mr. 'Alexander Murray. Taking a right-hand track, I entered a forest, and a few miles from ihe hotel I reached thestation of Hoars. Watt and Thomson, called Cocketgedong. The resi dence, in the midst of some fine pine trees, is in a picturesque position, and consists 'of * cluster of bnild lngs, including private residence, overseer'i house, servants' quarters, kitchen, 4c. The feadaocks, all capitally fenced, were surprisingly well crassea, io eon panson to others lower down the Biflabbig, at that -*?« of the year. The, area of the station is about 45,000 acres, and upwards of .£18,000 ' have been expended on improvements,' Sc., -during. *the past six years. It was particularly pleasing to nopfte that the spirited proprietors were dsjng much to improve1 the breed ofthe stock, and thereby benefit not only t!i?'fiMves bnt Kivenna generally. Among the more prominent object* of interest among the stock is a celebrate«*SfrunK bull a perfect 'lord of the Manor' boasting ftriiis ances- tor the^well known ' Duke of Brnnswick.'^ In sheep, recent importations, are prize Tasmamⅈ riunB deacon* da&ts; cf tite celebrated exhibition prize sheep^' exhibited \\-j Mr. Gibson, of Tasmania. leaving Cocketgedong a few hours steady riding still over plains, brought as within sight'of XTraaa;. As w» were makmgstraiglitfor the township we wiertf informed inac we would aare to go round two miles, as the bridge had been washed away ; this we acc6rdingjy,jdid. For a considerable time past, this most *vexati6us*J- annoyance has. been quietly hprne by the people. . The jnaS, day after day, has to go round, losing two mile's,', with the additional waste of time and ixoiMe to the driver of taking down ind 'potting np slip-nuls pri'^the way. This matter should be seen to it once, and for the small cost it is a disgrace to ihe *? powers ih$ be.' I had almost omitted to mention that for five or an miles before the traveller gets to Tirana, theiroad nu» right by the Tirana Lake, a fine sheet of water covering 20,000 acres, and being about « miles round?. Hatt3 it is a frontage to Messrs. Watt and Thomson's station. Urana (aboriginal 'aurana,' meaning mia mi», or camping ground) in on the TTraha Creek. iQO miles from Sydney. There are less than lOOpeople in We'township. Two public-houses, two Btores, a post -a*4 'telegraph office, and a police station comprise tJrana/ which boasts ef neither church nor school The hotels BX0&I.; John Perrin's 'Urana,' and Mr.A. J. ffing'* -?'Boy«L' BotE of these seem to be well conducted.' - ;[he storei are Messrs. Mort and Watson 's:JgeneraL 'including wine and spirits -Mr. Bobertson, manager}: ami Mr. Jame* Price's Free Trade general store. . .The great annual event at Urana is the races; generalljvWd about I&arch; or April. The prizes !iiui'.fbr amount to over £300. Considering the sparsi^y of Jhe.popnlation, thil is a very large amount. It is. principally snb'scribed by .he station-holders, of 'ihe .surxpundinj^'tcowt77, who&B; hospitality and good feeling is proverbial. ?' V - Persocallr [ cannot upeaktoowarmlyof.it, though, for t-e present, I regretted that, time would -not allow jof .jny mow extensively visiting and reporting on ihe,,V«(l, improve ments going on in that part of Ihe country. ; ;. 