■ ;;;;:humbugiana. /•; ••A lot ' of - noodlepates7 at •' astleniain'e; •*:have lately been'deluded ■•by a bit of; clever collusion and the featly playing of-"av]ttggle^n*dTj^v^jtt^&Kga3n3Be;'' ■Mount::Alexander -.Mail a full, true,; and particular- account of what they' "(tK^gHx~tKey)^aw*k"t a spiritualistic seance-at'.the, house of.»a, certain, civil.; .servant named P. These poor;people; vwent to ,th'e.house of.P. to be .^.done,": —and they xei'e so done ; they,were: •invited to inspect the .room, v a chair lumbered closet some- twelve* feet -by nine," as Utof said, and to make sure., tbe doors were sea led, and even nailed and yet behold no sooner were they in darkness'than a barrow-wheell a leg of pork, ar brush, and a varietv^of. other, articles; were thrown onthe table,! Mrs. P.Vear-rings were taken out off her ears; and during the next darkness; ''were thrown on.the table.- We do not; ' -Avish' to .be.wickedly sceptical,' i.butlif; . ever we go to -Mr:.d?. Vto':a::sea«ce of; ': this kind;- we shall insist upon Mrs. P.; . ..bei n g_s ear^h c (1—b y_ femal e s, _o f_cou r s e — for it must.rbe evideut vthat with the*present "style of'"dress;i ifv juggle vas intended,, any quantity of stuff • might? be suspended-and concealed un-1 z iderathe'.lady/s.robes jr as:to^the moving • .of .the'table, that is a trick,of the old-; • est'-kind, and any one getting their knee""under the stile of a table can' make - it dance Paddy 'Carey at willi The-shortsightedness of these charla S laas cEeats wno cheat, others, and | cheatjthemsclves into a belickthat t.hey I are deceiving allis often^shown—ni ; i the -instance: wc allude-'to^-ery notic -i-ably.-; -- Assuming- that - the -barrow.1 ■. ' '..-.'PS/ vr -T-Mii -V t ' 7 •'j*v • » • wheel as' described to weigh sixteen and-a-half pounds was conveye_d from the back-yard to the parlor, where the seance was taking place, by spiritual istic influences, the law of>gravitymust have been suspended, and it was no longer a ponderable -body,'-but yet we are gravely told tin, ihe interesting: lit tle Lock-lane Ghost'kind of ..narratiVe that the tablewas "not muchindented." The whole thing is simply a deception and -ja wicked ^fraud- upon- some very credulous persons-^a practical—agross and palpable lie from beginning to end. It«is--wonderful-what-a-large-ainount-of " manifestation" can be worked up "i the dark;" and how easily two collusionistspalthough—-sitting—^apartf can workc together under 1 similar cir: cumstances, upon.- the weak-minded— witnesses of the4 miracle _ being gener ally ;held-in'a kind of glamour during the little game. : A smart woman, with; capacious skirts, could produce every thing something if she pleased, and with a good collusionis't, and a very weakrminded slot of- Gastlemaniacs ;as audience ;'or: v:sp^cUtpig;n:^Ygry^aiy.. stroke of, humbug may be done. We repeat ourselves'doub'tlessly, and as in Butler's experience— J • \- ;1 1 " Doubtless the pleasure if as great ' ' ; .:iiE At being"cheated'as to cheat."u : ' —both operators and their deluded dupes are.,' gratified. . We have seen many of these'" little gairiesj" both in the old country and in the colonies, and they-haye^everTed todistriist, dis grace, the., Insolvent , Court, or the Lunatic Asylum, and then comes the ce<fc iowo ;aspect of the afiair—who.shall say that any benefit can accrue from the : real -i or ' pretended spiritualistic knowledge or power? On the other hand, who. can tell' what.mischief may be done on young^sensitive persons by the giving-'the mindpto - such silly and " transparent"' impositions ? — trans parent, because" the intention is ot>-. viouslyj.the. 'obtainihg '- bf; ~certaih' in fluence^ poweri-and money. We have an admirable 'instance 'bf . this in the man. 1 YEKiiANjjvho sees ^i-more"~in it—o'i- father" in his" pocket—than in the legitimate pursuit of "-the'h'o'ly pro fession to ;wjiich. he. at one, time be lieved himself "called, '.aind thereupon becomes.:the;.apostle of Spiritualism and "humbug—but unlike the apostle of old, who went without money or scrip— he looks well'.alter the "gate money !". We conceive a very splendid business might. be done, and we offer the suggestion gratis—by,a combina tion of Tybkman • with " Mr. P. and Mrs. P. of Castlemaine, should St. George's'Hall be. procurable, to give seances, and with proper, appliances and stage effects,-Anderson 'and Hel ler might be far and away eclipsed, and the moralities proportionably out rage,d.,., Time^was when society would have "assferted' itself and.-."]dealt prac ticaUy with the Tyerjian: tribe as dan gerous-persons—-and subjected them .'P,„8,pme._ kind of restraint—possibly penalty or' punishment — happily we live in more enlightened, days, .and only' punish' such persons" by" a mild gibbeting of ridicule and contempt, or by allowing them to unmask themselves, whichjhey are sure to do in the end." Couucillav Jfimino 1ms put on the notice paper of the Tovrn. Council of Emerald Hill a very valuable notice—for a letter to be forwarded by the Town Clerk to the Government, urging on them the necessity of taking steps to provide a bridge across the Ynvra to connect Clareiidon street with'SpI'iicer- street, seeing that with the increasing population, and the establishment of manufactories; of various"kinds in the district, such-a-connection is absolutely imperative. It is pleasant to find that our local iutercsts arc. not being neglected, and that our represeiita" t-ivo men * busy themselves ellieieiitly in public matters; we'allude to .the fact that during t.he past week His Worship the Mayor, Councillor Kiinmo and Mr. Whiteinau, M.L.A., have had an interview with the President of Lands. in;re ference to!, arrangements for receiving .the spoil which will be oxcavated 'from the proposed dock re.-ess or basin proposed to be cut on the south bank of\tiie Yarra, which spoil will bo uiost ad vantageously utilised in filling up some of the low-lying lauds of the Town ; the dangerously unhealthy condition of the locality near Princes' Bridge, about.. tlie factories of Messrs. Lee. and Co., and others, Mr. Casey promised attention to the matter. . ' . AVo are pleased—apleasure which we feel sure will bo largely shared'by the residents of.tilu Hill—to find-th.it Mr:I)anks has so far recovered from his! late severe illness as to be able to take part in the proceedings of the Town Council at: its last'meeting. ■ -■ 1 We were jii. hopes that the unfortunate dis turbances 111/ the Saudndge Borough had been trammelled,, up",. in, tho... Swallow, v. .Carnck action," but-we-frad that outside of that, actions are being taken against' others who Jure, be lieved to have been more, or, less directly impli cated in the matter,' so that there must be a very' fair crop of litigation springing up. ' '.South Meluocrxe ,Gas Coju-any.—'We ob serve with pleasure thatj tho .South Melbourne Gas Company's .Bill, on,.Tuesday last, passed through its second reading Jin the Legislative Coun cil," and we.see that its next stage is inade an or der of the diiy for iieit Tuesday.' It is stated that only a _few unimportant amendments were' made in committee, so that the shareholders may1 shortly hope to compete with the city company on as good or perhaps a better basis than their opponents. Tlie tank is near completion, as far as the excavation part goes, and the engineer re-, ports that the entire brickwork will be completed in a fortnight, and ready tor tlie reception of the preliminary works for the holder, the. construc tion of which is .rapidly progressing under the management of Mr. Johns, tlie contractor, who has a workshop on the premises, a steam engine, and thejjther juecessary appliances. —Weeehurch tlie convict who stabbed Mr. Dui: can, the inspectoriof penal departments at Pent ridge,,was .tried yesterday,,and _ found guilty of wounding witli intent, and-, sentenced to death, I but is is. quest ionable whether the full penalty 'will be carried out; there can, however, be no doubt that harsher means, and more restrictive . ; measures will have to be resorted to with the rutliana who are under detention. Since tho above ease,, u . warder has been- attacked bv a ■ convict."' . ... • i" "Wo find that the Church of England congre gation at Emerald Hill are about to avail them selves of - the^present state of the law as to tho utilization of the ground held bythem for cliureli purposes, and * proposes to sell the frontages of their ground abutting on Clarendon and Coven try-streets, and with the proceeds to erect a new edifice, the old church of St. Luke's being in such a, dilapidated condition that a new building is absolutely-necessary, to say nothing ot the re quirement for; au extension of accommodation;; the old building will, when repaired, be devoted to school purposes. The " Ifortbumberlaud" arrived on Monday after a fifty-two-days' passage, and yesterday morning the old '' Great Britain arrived, having only taken fiftv- three days from Tusltar to tho Otway,- Captain Gray still commands her, and does-not-looks so .much- greyer, thau, he did soma ycais'since f this, is "her twenty-fifth successful trip.;.', V,- ',' j • .ll>/ ! --.U i.U . 'Xlie sand and stone-cart,nuisance, that is travel ling,liusylTO3rwit'hout~'Ug^^ 'been brought bcf6reJlusT','ij;Jgentlbman who travels tho Sandridge-road informs^ }\s that ye%tewjay_ even in""an'r.cciaent "ot more or less serious- character was narrowly, avoided.,arisfng. from ,|be nbovo cause. rOur >:impression":Svas';-'that cn'e..salready lived under, the protection of'a bye-!aw eounu'l liug""the carrying of lights' on ail vehicles after dark; if so, it is not very, rigidly enforced—when it i3 taken into consideration that, according to one of. the ,toll-kecperIs siatem.ent,_10p0,. ychicle.3 pass, tbro'ugli. the ^tollrgate^duringc;thei doy„ni,iny of; them rafter dark. ; io'me attention to this-niat ter.may.6ave'a serious accident.; • '; . '.v -, The wretclied' woman,:Miivgaret''0''Donoguoe> eliargoilj; a"nother"prostiUite,m-P,unch's-la:uc, was tried oa Tuesday, convicted and sentenced to death, tho jury giving a strong recommendation,,to mercy, on account, we'presume, of the " igUoranee and horrible depravity of the murderess and tlio murdered.' It is most probable, ."under these cir cumstances,'that ih'c extreme.sentence.of die Jaw will not,'be carried out, but will be committed to imprisonment for life1 or a lengthened.term. .' 3Ir. Draper—we mean the young financier of the Commercial Bank, who lor some reasons— which it., is perhaps ,not.our duty i to iudieate, " got off" with such a redieulously light punish ment in proportion to tlie enormity of his offences, in a broach of trust-of a .most shameless .character —lias raised a point in penal' jurisprudence. Ifc must.be.we^lmo^w^tq.mysf^bt.our readers, thai: it'hns'b'econie the practice- fo'r tie mBst • flagrant offenders to raise points in'tlie-most imprudent arid unblushing manner upon • sonic; technical quibble. So did-Mr. Draper; and the final settle ment ofrhis easeoecured many-months-after; his ti-ialT""In tho intermediate" period Between liis conviction and the'judge's' decision, lie would.' of course, not be subject, tie rigore to the gaol regu lations; brii-^as;^'ply:in7I.lie,position'bf a,-man detained for'b'ail,~iin(J he'n6.vv"Wishes''tliat-'. period to go" off his already" utterly'' disproportionate sentence. • It'is with 110 vindictive feeling towards Draper that we.refer to this, but if the'law <5aa thus be tampered with sentences,will.have but lit tle deterrent effect ou the erimiriid. \- At'the City Police Court on Tuesday, Thomas Moran, alias " Tommy the Nut," who is described as a reformed; convict, was charged with "arrot-' ting and robbing one John Lewis, of Jjontasue street, Emerld Hill:, t Thesprose'dutor'identrfied him .as the man who robbed .him,-and things looked serious for " Tommy,? .when a prisoner named Proctor, or "Jack the.Sailor," was brought from the Helbourne..Gaol • on habeas ..eorpus'ho being " detained" on a charge, of vagrancy-—and confessed to having committed the outrace with Wo other men;-and entirely, exonerated "Tommy," who then left the court. „ ..f.„ .H.M.C.S.S.."^ietoHa',".during lier .pxperimen-. tiil trip down the Bay on Tlii/rsday come to "rief. from loose brasses, heated bearings, or somethin" of that kind, and then was allowed to drift ion a. sand-bank, fortunately, without injury, at any rate as far as is known at. present. ; An inauiry * will be held as. to how this occurreiJ. .The'faeb certainly docs hot redound' to <°j&e; credit of our naval forces.' We have not. many tasty or pleasant prom enades about Emerald Hill, and it has • beea suggested to ; lis, no. doubt "with' a' .view , to its publication, that very pretty pleasantly shaded avenues might-be" rmade in the line of JFewaw street and JTerrars-plnce, on either, side of ^tlio Kailway. Ho doubt the Railway,Company wonld allow one row to bo .planted within their fence, and the other could be at the edge of the foot path, and with a well made side walk aud a few seats, this might become u popular promenade and pleasant -witlial,- a sort of colonial toiler der Ihulen, for'tlie glaro'of tlie"diiy,"or the cool of tho evening ; 'diiriog the heats of summer. • •' They manage, these matters, better.on the continent,1' someone wroto years since, hut we hardly, see why-—for with a few years' cultivation a very nice protected promenade ground might be formed, and with the bandvof ■" Our Own discoursing sweet sounds, a reninrkably. plcasan t,houi' mighc be spent. Wc learn with much ;pler.5ure that there is to be another branch bank opened on tho Hill at 110 distant .date, which is;anqther illustration of the importance of the business transacted in this district. . It is reported oiCgood authority that the Bank of Victoria purpose erecting premises in Clarendon-street south; hear Xapier-streec, during the. current year: 'V ■ ! r_..' ; During the discussion , ou ; Mr. Noble's letter, read at the Emerald Kill 'l'own Council, wtih reference lo the removal ofr.the Post-oiiice from its present position, a; very eligible site was suggested, byv.CSv/l'histlothwaite, viz. :-f-that tho Golden Gate Hotel be taken by the Government, which it is believed could be obtained at about the , same rental as at present paid, with an im mense amount of increased accommodation, as well as a more suitable and central position for I the tradesmen of the district. ■ • Some matters have drifted on share at. St. Kilda. which giv'e'ri3e:t'o a'fear' that" some calamityhas" happened in. the. Bay they consist of a .white "hat riearjynew marked" inside "i'liltoii," twq boys' black wide-a-wakes, a fancy sriiokirig-eap, a small paddle "painted ' green,- tho'; back-board of a ;boat also painted green, and a. piece of n boat's sail. YFe understand' that His Honor Judge Polil mau, has seeii fit" to: tnko liimscif a wife and is'about to ask leave: of absence for a trip to EiVgliiiiiir^'SaTll'c Tin'iiii'k'ablv *romar.lie snrrouud i'tigs are spoken of which' if true, give more t-hau an ordinary attractive fringo to the marriage and it*' hn.ecedents.v -We"'don't, suppose, however, that it is above half true. A singular instance of youLhfid deception and vice lifts come to ouv notice, which may throw some light on other mysterious eases , of like nature.' The windows of a 'certain house in Eer rars-street were continuously' broken—tho resi dents could not make it out; of course the lam kins" ^vere- tlio" :'culprits; biitf a' watch was set, and the. breakage continued oven in broad- day light. Spiritism was -hinted'" at; 'Sergt. Ellis however,-who whether: a believer, in the new light or not .we are not aware, is a practical-minded man, lie turned the thing over in his mind ; then looked at the missiles, aud then at a nurse-girl on the establishment; iuid; then, after a lew more, inquiries of thejinslress,.lie.pounced upon tho young ;iady, and charged., her with the fact, whereupon ' ;s!io ' iiicdiitiivcntly " admitleH that she had__been amusing ..herself by '• starring the ■ glaze," as" walifave '■'before: described,'- upon which she at onco ..received her conga fro:n the establishment.- ,.„4 ... '.*?! We hear continued complaints Ihatour'cabmen from the Hill- willPndtl adlietV to one iouto thrqugh-thccity—sometimes goi.ug up to the Post-, officeyrfud sometimes up'Swarislon-street. ^.Surely it would be better to adhere to one' routei'aiid, if Ithey wished to accommodate imy:;'bn<!-particular customer, come'back from SwauBtou-strcet'to" tlio Post-office."' ttqo ytT.: ■ 