H8CELLAI1E0U8. What do great liars do when they die ? — They lie still. Sha&SPEARB; would never have asked, "What's in an aim ?" if he had been hit on the head with a brick. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet a ghost an unprincipled fellow F — Because he sticks at nothing. Dea# Swept said : "It is with narrow-souled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles ; the lesB they have in tbem, the more noise they make in pouring it out/' A GENTLEMAN trying to describe to a friend the manner in which his fiance's hair was arranged, raid, " It was frizzled in the front, and fricasseed and scrambled at the back." A Bad Chop. — An American farmer, speaking of the thinness of the hay crop, said, " The grass hoppers have all got lame trying to jump from one blade of grass to another." Doubtful Investment. — In Chicago one can thrash his mother-in-law, under a recent decision > for 75 dollars, but the Republican says it is an open question as to whether the investment pays. A FOOL, says Colonel Yule in his leeturc on the mule, is as difficult to be eoverned as a mnla - -and the couplet is strictly true that says — Wise men alone, who long for quiet lives, Wise men alone are governed by their wives. Etiquette. — A newspaper says the proper thing is to " throw a bouquet and a card of thawba to. serenaders, when yon cannot invite them in. But if they hesitate about leaving, throw a brick or an old boot." Rather Dear. — He was evidently not beyond the reach of consolation, the widower who re plied to a sympathising visitor at the funeral of his wife, " Well, yes, sir, I shall miss her ; ehe was a very expensive woman." A Fair Offer. — When the lamented Artemus Ward exhibited his waxworks in Utah, he relates I that he was accosted by a venerable and vinegarish virgin, who inquired, "Can't I go in without paying?" "No; but you can pay without going in." Exchanges. — Squabbles, an old bachelor, Bhows his stockings which he had just darned to a maiden lady, who contemptuously remarks, " Pretty good for a man-darner." Whereupon Squabbles rejoins, " Yes, good enough for a woman, darn her." TeetotaTiTSM. — Miss Martiaeau relates an anecdote, in her " Western Travels," of a clergy- man who was so strict a temperance member that he refused to drink water out of the Brandywino river, but he enjoyed the wine sauce eaten with plum pudding. A tailor, while -travelling on the lakes, was asked by a Yankee where he lived, and what his business was, etc., to which he replied that he lived in Toledo, and that his profession was sit ting on the smooth side of poverty, and jerking out the cords of affliction. Why are women like churches? — First, be cause there is no living without one ; secondly, be- eanse there is many a-spire to them ; thirdly/be cause they are objects of adoration ; and lastly, but by no means leastly, they have got a loud clapper in their upper story. A Novel Idea. — An intoxicated man eaw two tramway cars passing him the other evening with red and blue lights in the front and rear. His fuddled brain comprehended coloured lights, and be was heard to say to himself, " Must be pretty Bick — sickly here ; they are running chymists' shops about oq whe — wheels." A jury in North Carolina, after being charged in the usual way by the judge, retired to their room, when a white juror ventured to ask a coloured associate if he understood the charge of the judge. " Golly !" exclaimed the astonished juror, " he don't charge us nuffin for dat, does he ? Why, I thought we were gwine to get pay." Fashionable Fare. — A stranger dined at a fashionable hotel, where they had apple dump lings, with sauce " both" for dinner. He, got through with the sauce, when mine host kindly inquired, " Will you take some more dumplings, sir ?" " No, sir, thank'ee," was the reply, " but I will thank you for a little more of the 'int- ment !" „ . ' Specie akd Species. — " I fear, said a country minister to hie flock, " when I explained to yon in my last charity sermon that philanthropy was the love of our species, you must have understood me to say specie, which may account- for the smallness of the collection. You will prove, I hope, by your present contribution, that you are no longer labouring under the same niistake." The Rochester Democrat is slightly sarcastic, on a railway line in that vicinity. It says that a gentleman took the train, a few days since, on what is termed the " Hueklebuiy Road," running between Avon and Mount Morris. After the train started froqi Avon, he discovered that he had left a valuable dog behind, but on arriving ah Mount Morris the lost dog was found Bitting at the station awaiting the arrival of his master. A Nevada Miner.— One pf a party of Eastern men offered a miner a half-dollar for showing them through the Nevada silver mines. He looked at the money s moment, and then turning to the ; j&uterner; said. :;? May I ask how much you are at home to be worth ?" " About "twenty- five thousand dollars," was the reply. " Well," said the miner, " I guess I won't take your half- dollar. I made a quarter of million here last month." | An individual is told of as doing business iu one i of our markete-who is down on customers who don't speak properly. " What'e eggs this morn ing ?" asked a customer. " Eggs, of course," re plied the dealer. "I mean how do they go?" "Go where?" "Rehaw V says tne customer, getting out of temper ; " what for- eggs ?" " Money » money, sir, or good endorsed --credit," answered the dealer. . " Don't you understand ;the English language, sir," says the customer. " Not as you mix and mingle it, I do not," responded the bgg- vendor. « What-is-the- priCe-pedozen- for— your— eggs?" "Ah, now you talk! «ay the dealer. " A shilling « deen is the price, sir/ . j - . : i / : Evidence. — In » case of assault and battery where a stone had been thrown by the defendant, the following efesfr toad- conclusive evidence was drawn oblstofonran: #ou®« defendantthroW tiieatonel? 1 and Fs pM y recdltoA, >t frneomethmg tasmne. votteoiupnrc/t to some other object r welt, t ,V I viji ! i - < viiipar-c i', so as. to give j si 