THE THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday night the ever-popular play of " Macbeth" was presented at the Royal to by far the largest attendance of the week. The gallery was thronged, the pit crowded, and there was a fair sprinkling in the other parts of the house. The tragedy is one well fitted to test the strength of a company, and it is due to Mrs. Gladstane and her supporters to say that they stood the trial well. If there were no conspicuous individual successes, there was sufficient excellence in the performance as a whole to create a good impression upon the audience. The scenery was appropriate, the other accessories for the most part unexceptionable, and the performers showed an intelligent anxiety to make the most of their parts. The manner in which Locke's music was rendered is deserving of all praise. It is seldom indeed that in a miscellaneous dramatic company so many efficient vocalists are to be met with. Not only were the choruses well given, but the solo parts were capitally sustained. The applause that greeted two or three of the singers—notably Miss Rose Vernon—could hardly have failed to be gratifying to an accomplished artiste of the lyric stage. Miss Rosa Cooper sung sweetly the snatches of melody belonging to her part as Hecate; and Mr. and Mrs. McGowan as first and second witch, and Mr. Anderson as one of the weird tribe, also distinguished themselves in the incantation scenes. In Mrs. Gladstone's representation of- Lady Macbeth there were manj- powerful passages. Her conception evidently differs not from the generally received one, that Macbeth was the weaker vessel requiring to be stimulated and nerved to his fiendish purposes by his wife. In the slight glimpse given of her ladyship before the invocation to the spirits " that tend on mortal thought," she is represented by Mrs. Gladstane as a woman of masculine mind and iron nerve, and in all the scenes that follow the impression is conveyed that the invocation has not been without effect. In secret conference with her husband she appears as one unsexed, and filled " from the crown to the toe topfull of direst cruelty." In company the false face effectually hides what the false heart doth know. Even in presence of Macbeth's ravings no compunctious visitings reach her, and in the sleep-walkings there in little of fear in her terrible retrospections. Mr. Carden as Macbeth entered into the spirit of this rendering of the character. Except for a certain amount of reckless daring natural to him he leant upon her, deferred to her superior intellect in bringing to its fulfilment the prediction of the weird sisters, strove to anticipate her wishes, and when news of her death came seemed utterly bereft of judgment and manliness. Mr. Carden's performance was not without ment. He was less lusty of lung than the majority of the actors who have essayed the character in Adelaide, and that was certainly not a blemish. He adhered throughout very closely to the text, but his elocution was not particularly effective. At times it was turned even to incoherency, and at .others it was as deliberate and monotonous as Hamlet's fathers ghost. The representation was not a finished but it was a tolerable one. Mrs. Gladstane's acting in the early acts struck us as having too much of the melodramatic in it, but in the banquetting and sleep-walking scenes she was exceedingly effective. Mr. O'Brien played Macduff carefully, but imported an excess of the pathetic element into it. Banquo fell into capable hands in being allotted to Mr. Anderson, and Mr. Leonard in the characters of King Duncan, and Physician, created a favourable impression. Of the rest we have already spoken in referring to the performance as being on the whole successful. The afteipioce was the laughable one of "Beautiful for Ever." For this week the management announce a constant succession of new pieces, all of them of a standard character. To-night & to be produced the play of " The Wife," 