LOCAL ABND GENERAL NEWS. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday morning, on the motion of Mr. MacDevitt, the Law of Larceny Amendment Bill, which gives magistrates power to deal with cases of embezzlement where the amount embezzled does not exceed 40s. in the same way as they at present do with cases of larceny not above 40s., was read a second time, passed through committee, and set down for third readingon Tuesday next. On thbe motion of Dr. O'Doberty, the Health Bill-con ferring great powers on the Government when an epi demic, endemic, or contagious disease breaks out-was read a second time, passed through committee, after considerable diseussion, with one main alteration viz., that thie menimbers of the central board should not be paid for their attendance at the board meetings and ordered to be read a third time next Tuesday. The House then adjourned, at eighteen minutes to 1 o'clock, to Tuesday next. We are gratified to learn that Dr. Challinor has so fartrecovered his health as to be enabled to resume his duties as surgeon- superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum at Woogaroo. The long-talked-of fever.ward for the Ipswich Hos pital is at last about to be proceeded with. The comi mittee advertise fBr tenders for the erection of the building, which will be received up to the afternoon of the 18th instant. The £800 voted for its erection woas received by the treasurer on Wednesday last. It will be seen by reference to our telegraphic news that great confidence appears to be felt in regard to the proposed Spring Oreek Tin.miniog Compauy, the prospectus of which is published in another column. Seven thousand shares have already been taken up in Brisbane, and we learn from Messrs. Hughes and Cameron, the brokers for the company here, tliant the venture is also looked upon with favour in this town, and that a considerable number of shares have been taken by Ipswich people. Tenders are invited by the churchwarldens of Sit. Poaul's for the erection of paling sand moking suecndry other improvements at St. Paul's Church, in tlhis twn.. These improvements Ihave long been deemod ecesl~ern, and it is solely owing to the praiseworthy efforts of a few ladies of the pariah that the shurchwardens are now enabled to carry out the work, which when com plated will not only be a protection to the church, but also an improvement to that portion of the town. Two special sermons will be delivered to-morrow by the Rev. Thomas Craig in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, at morning and evening service, the subjects being-at 11 a.m., "The Church: its Architect, its Buildr, and its Stability;" and at 7 p.m., "The Sin against the Holy Ghost: what is it P" We hear that Mr. Craig has made a great impression upon the members of the congregation of St. Stephen's since his coming amongst them temporirily, to fill the vacancy at presont existing; and sincere hopes have been en* tertained that they may ultimately be enabled to -ecure his servicee as stated pastor. His earnest ministrations have certainly won him the esteem of the members of the flock. A deputation from the Ipswich and West Moreton Agricultural and Horticultural Society has been op pointed to visit the Peak Mountain district, and hold a meeting at the ginning establishment there on the 18th instant. The Parliamentary Class held its seual weekly meet ing on Thursday evening last. After the tranensaction of some preliminary business Mr. Murray obtained leave to bring in his Land-tax Bill, which was read a first time, and the second reading mnade an order of the day for Thursday week. Mr. W. F. HIendren having moved the second reading of his bill to provide for grants of land to native-born chlildren, a long dis cuesion eucoed, in whichl most of thie members present joined. Mr. Lennox eventually moved that the bill be read a second time that day six months, which was earried on division by 9 to 5. Mr. Brady then moved the second readingol the Publicans' Licensing Awend ment Bill, the object of which, he explained, was to put a stop, if possible, to the present habits of intem perance hlie went largely into figures to support his arguments, and quoted extensipvely from eminent au thorities in England andnAmerica. The bill was sop ported by Mesesrs. Stephenson and Thornton and op posed by Masers. Murray and Cribb, after which Mr. Kellahor moved the adjournment of the debate, which was carried, and "the House" adjourned at five minutes to t0 o'clock. A lecture on " The times ve live in, their dangers and duties," haviug special reference to young men, is adrertised to be delivered by the Rev. .Thomas Craig in Se. Stepheu's Presbyterian Church on Thursday evening next. The subjpet is one of vast interest and imporancec, end as thle reverend gentleman is well known as an able and eloquent lecturer he will doubt less have a large audience. The proceeds are to be devoted to the oeternal renovation of the church. We have been requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another colamn, in which the libra rian of St. Stephen's Presbyterian Sabbath- school in 'rites the return of all books which have been detained from the library for some months past. A special Court of Petty Sessions was held yesterday for the purpose of appointing a pound-keeper for the town. The following justices were present:-The Police Magistrate, the Mayor, and Messrs. Murphy, S. P. Welsby, and H. Von Lossberg. Mr. J. Fraser was re-appointed. There was no other applicant. The following is the report of the Ipswich Hospital for tic wseek eulding Thursday last :--ltemaining lsst week, 31; admilted since, 1 male .sd 2 females; dis charged, 1 male ; remalinig in hospilatl, 19 mules and 14 females; total, 88. Outdoor patients, 17. 