ahomld aftaTwlBasheoilssei, With reference to the «*«ittoB submitted to the country, he eatift wasdistiiioay put by Mr. Bnghes. who Mwail the vote of no- eonndenee. and who oom |hls-4 s, food deal that he was sot sent for to tea * MiBBstry, Oat tfae question for the ?Mate «o decide was whether Mr. Henry Kant&ghes; or the Hon. Arthur BIyth should Wiheheadof tiw Ministry sad leader of the Haas*. That, -however, was not the question whidh eonoamed the new members. Another oaastaoti «Ueh was put to the country was art the.- -«-'»-*«-' was quite nnjus tfflable upon any grannd. The new sgembsrs were not party spirit!, and the Bttle displays of teinper^rblc?they had wit neseed t£at day would perhaps lead them to think Oat it was jost as weUthey had nothing «o do with these Bttle arrangements of peat times. What lessons were they to drew from the returns of the ouostttusocies as .lo thedis MfadfopT Wish tefensMe to the Dtstriot of LUbThepntUas distinctly as he eooldthat ttTAwiliTJiWi we» iesttBfae, and he should doao that«ay. His opponent; Mr. Jas. White, asfflBttn-^«s^ea»nathedasolution. Well, Mr White was exceedingly well beaten, and he (Me OohmwXa sparger in the district, was resumed heoasse he would be do party to any faetisos uwusinini. It was most unwise-he said it with ell respect- whh parties so evenly isdaMadM they appetred to bein that Home, far horn. 'mwnfcfTS to «mdssiui to oppose the Govomioent on no distinct party wy. Let -them' sake any paragraph or policy in the sprnnh. and ohaUenge the Government npon it. As for the dissolution, however, ttsn wen three grouads on which it was justi ?able, and those ibree grounds wen distinctly against the hon. members. The first question was— Was there a, deal conviction in the minds of the. Government that the Opposition could not form s coherent Government that would atsadt His belieted there was such a oonvio ttnn.not only b the minds of the Government, buMIso afttt Govrmor and the country, and ttatOHrfiedonitffl existed. They might have stood for «tinB. bstt tnens must soon ha-ve been aYdtmaiiUiw. The next question was— When nwjaiilhis ?mi so nearly divided, what ot er ?nqr «m thereto get at public opiaion? No Actooald %e paasra, and memben had altered til Ji lijiiiitm oo greatly inat it was neoessary tbsTaboaId-obaakto tieir constituents. He minfcltr snenriwinfl Mr. -Bright as having Jaatg/aa Us laodpoliey w- tuaillj as to make ft m ? wy gsr ft* ten, meaber to have an faiatthw wUh%s»ooa-stitaeiito, and their TOTdiet shewed ftqhhtrtntn was a very near piece of ftsHsMeai ^taj^seta^ **»?» new membets would not tokre^eAia7|c*mthe seeinr members, sar«hey weinsSe to fodge for themselves : aad one of *he most warltewt tidogs which oc -wnd to Mm was tototvnted on the day after the election to knew how he was going to act with nfereoee to the Government, as though iatlad beenretnrned for the sole purpose of Tetiac agatost «3u Ocversmeot. It was bis aS^B*Serhefe»todottebesth«oouldwith sssrfltttliifltn infl fafnUmstinn hr hsii. per ikrfs^liepenDVsBt of any party or faction, and gaBsatlw no jat^rto votofor an amendment vtstti, wndsl -4nbpccMai tfae O^ffti pumw1^! anul Sfmiin^rSSony hnfth of time. JfaJgM»'EgSOH»hWstd not have attempted to^Ureni Oe House omt for the peculiar jsssnTtiMisiai nf 1 imin m slilnti hadbeen shown by enesi^bn. jw-?~ S the dissolution which —'??*»^aatiaTt'awM aHi *— *' ? Simm\ ??srlsifl nnnsi '!?- fa isl?n isi VMHHr^sMK^vtaWM flsuntNa upon tns taWROoi SpUa«d^his£onsoftemVer,suehashad ?'?? SsSEssiaithM day, faeoomUoolyamy that the SssssteSU -nKr^ool' gnauim tor «drising asejsssulHfiw. jar goonld not we how the ?sttsHSBpssst.^oC' *«sssW iMwiwti oo»ald bs OaslmlT ttHMLti 'jWub -? BsttoMn Mnm voem won 'at IS IliWtin ???*»? sash personal remarks Mlam'ieennsade* tnat afternoon. It 'was a veryisttKsdt ssatter for a, young meoiber to ?rwnsesms irrTni hi uiiii ITir iMiniliiiit «' -'- EBOBshsn -of Um Boose, and there was this AsWnsjr^o. -aakaag « younc member to jelnjMaia eendrmnsfinn of Oe dtaeetation -wlaBssfe jwae -not f«% oware of the «toaMfaftwM«tewUehtheaasola*i0ntook plslKfi^a-i^mtol^ tnepreoesdiassof the ?: -SSaVkMd Oeseae aort of«iis« oehad been mJBisslt mwinimwi witnessed, until at last ft vsUfy _m*t~*T '?'f— '?*' ?*» lisusant boti snrs'' -Bit ?nl|'~1W when Mr. Boncaut oom whri#m illsssliiHha was apseially imptope^ ws»liT|ssT nas heagd one eefnsteat Teaman for SasVn^SssaWien m hnrtfnl, and**ftey Mllni no Pesial to oetse to jodgment to tefl tTiMiTssil I'list-sfr Bonesnt should have toU them'.Aosr *jkse dissafaitian had fajnrfonsly e&sfad; the eoantry. It was said it took *%? essetoo .way from their ngolar bnat. avass,:. bat .- os a- msllm «f faob more elostoB Totoi t the test eleetiasTthan had volsdnt awnr oleetioncprevicnuly. (Cheers.) The :awxT«hW woe ths* the whole of the MtassVtosWkawaat for rs-eleotion were re tiiiMi, »lihii ^ohowed that their action was ?pptOMdot ,Onethingheco»ldeay.«Bdtiimt wsTtheMs ? mdbj mesober he did not wish to SonwianiUeertof aqavbbttng. He wished hoarjaheweBsy of tis?«ovomaent, and be Tssssiiiillin iSilFff ttir ? hi iiiij ? V -'tT * iBilliiiil iiiTuf against tiie GovemoMOit, so thethesweenttetw he might do the best for ttinwirtij That was thenonose for wUeh he -nssetorjiaa. and fee shouUhumbry en, dearccto iOXTAa daty. Further than that heneea M* Uooble fteflo—B. 80 far »s his votottat ettemoon wae ooneemed, he said he it^i^&dA;'^MrlBBBBflBBBV- fafe JSaistailDVsBaVwk y«,JlliJui« muunt, tion in .«ra»y. ahape: and fora, to that the pmbBe hssmness might be oompleted as speedily s« possible. (Hear, hear.) Mb BUNDBf rose with considerable dim deneetoodds. few words to the speech of the hatknembsrlb. Stevenson, for perhaps than wwnonew Member who felt in a more delicate position than ho did, lest it M»igii^ be supposed ' I hulls 1 »aj. fjinislTy srtinn tnnnnflns sndimpn totions warn ilways found to react. He was lately inbnsinesswtth Ids friend tiie Attorney. OaSnnLond he had relationship with theOhiej Seoretory, hnt both those gentlemen and the Honwwonld know that nothing that they could do or asy oonld ever inflomne him— a fact which had been endorsed by the District of Onkaparins in returning Urn, So far, how MeTIWUe toeUvbebg wKh the Ministry to wUeh4he Attoner^eneral and the Chief Beerotary befanged,il he were infinenoad by MDHMsl JsdiBO tawOBB lkO AftpW YOt6S0tUM& theej- beesasehehadthendsfortanenottohave oansVaonot in * majority of the Government. With «*fewnee to the Treasurer, he had never fcadnny fiOennee with him, but he had the ?rfefsSiw. to hold the opinion that the Xrea mtmin hk poHtiod osreef had not shown sum dent detemrfnalino of character, but had trhnssed too ameh. U actuated by peqonal ferinap he ahoaM fed is his duty to vote ocafnet the Government, hot every hon. mem ber bncht to give his vote npon Us own eon aeientious eonvietkos after hearing both sides of »heosse;anditwasboaan*shefeUthathe had not head the other aide of the queatton that ha most to* decline to veto lor the amendment. He looked noon it that they were »jra,w1»sheiMhennbiAseed«ntil they had hoard both sides. Without hearing both sides how oonld they Justify a rote which night cam ska Government ontT Another an 11 win! qnestion had to be considered UmZomgmZi* tiOs, and that was Oat Mr. sTsnsinVaeidWanbiecMf the dissolnttoe was not mamt*inS» oonntry. It »UU not fciwlipainthat hon. memW. opimioo, tat ho Mb pidey) Aonght thai, oven if not a ?WtHnppW oftteGover^eei had be» iiliHniiniit1r'''T Illi 1 ' ? 'ii 'T nnissiuTliiatiiiad been te Bleated would have heanan assyfe iawstfaation of the dissolution. Ona ovsaw^asBMweTtesrfttod to theaoasstrr, and tt wa/asked timmghout the whole of the fistdeto, anA that wee— 'Will you do jnor ntsaost to prevent what has keen osBed this fnrtsounl anfswnlinkfnr ogeer Whatwastho eJBBot, howewr iVhy, on tte not day the young uttofcats were asked, before any prin e^w^tnaf4tf forward, on wbjehdflettey 5E5l TQto tSat nplnst the Minhtry ; to art their foot down, aJamy-' Those men shall go out.' It would he fak duty H the Oovem naant invBsnt ftsfwahl each a land pft^^y as tlkirhadSafeated to oppose them, for hi be hml aaoh a nailer wonU be most unwise. The artofaay-ffswersniia made amostdama ate' ?tstanwwt with regard to Mr. Boncaut, andgfte Oovmaent aogepted this as an ad. vscse vote, then Mr. Bonosut would have to be sent fcfc M Me Booasnt should form a Minis , try, what wooldbe their position under such ? n ehaam aa tibat made by the AttorneyGene ral^fie waned the Attocney-Genenl that he z^aadaaatatoment whioh, if he oonld not anhrtantiato, would react npon himself-(hear, heari-tmt wWsh if he could substantiate by evidence would prove that Mr. Boucaut was not fit to lead that Houee or any other House. Tis»ns\»w tnls sssleiiiujil was a most dangerous one, and if pwred, the polities! eharaeteref tha hon. meniber for West Torasns inffsred; if not proved, flu character of the Attorney. flanaTs! would suffer most materially. If not awJattontktod, and if the hon. member for Wort Tomes should come dear out of the accusa tion, heshould be one of his most active sup prsleii. & it was proved, he should never feel tasttoai in supporting him in any Ministry. The Isms, therefore, was a very grave one, so Isr as these two members were concerned, A good deal had been said rattier patronisingly to young members, and it hid been said in ra-hex an ostenafv* way. He did not see why oom narisons should be drawn unfavorable to new memben, for whflrt such men as Messrs. Dufield, M. BIyth, Hay, andOoglm had been rejected, there ware amongst the new members aaoh men as Messrs. Barrow, Biddoeh, Derring ton, and otters. He should not say any mom. Whilst it would probably be his mis fortune to be an opponent of the Government on the land question, and whilst it wss his misfortune not to have confidence in a majority of the Government, in all fairness let them bear the Government first before they con damned them. -Hear,hear.X Mr. BABXOW said if the question had been a question of no oonno'waow in the present Go vernment the speech of the last hon. member wouU have been much to the point; but it was note question of no^onfidence in the Ministry. He was sure that a stranger would be putdai to know what was the question before the House, as nine-teaths of the discussion turned upon irrelevant points that were not embodied in the amendment. . In hot,. -the best thing he could do in the state of mystification into which many hon. members had been brought was to ask that the amendment be read by the Clerk. [The amendment was here read.] He was was bound, he said, to support that motion, or something equivalent to if. If the motion were not carried it would not grieve him, but then he shonkl like to see an amendment moved on the Address equivalent to this— (bear, hear)— so that it would be six of one and half-a-dozen of the other, and he did not care which way it was carried. He had all along objected to the dissolution, and he would simply be stultifying himself in the eyes of the country and degrading himself in his own estimation if he now stood up to justify tile dissolution which he had pub icly and pri rately opposed. Mr. Conner had sai i he went to his constituents and supported the dissolu tion, and his constituents returned him. Well, he (Mr. Barrow) went to the oonatituents of the Commissioner of Crown Lands and opposed the dissolution, whilst the Commissioner, of course, defended it, and the constituents of the Com missioner put him (Mr. Barrow) at the head of the poll ; and therefore what could be made out of these arguments, (Laughter.) The ques- tioo, of tiie dissolution was not remitted to the country at all, bathe protested against it being said that the oountry had decided in favor of the -dissolution. If Mr. Conner appealed to tile Light election as a juttinoation of the disso lution, he (Mr. Butov) said he opposed Mr. Townsend, a first-class electioneering tactician, who left no stone unturned — (laughter)— and was returned at the head of the poll. With reference to the questions which had been bandied about between the Attorney- Genera' and Mr. Boucaut and Mr. Bright he said that they had nothing to do with this matter; tney were not relevant 'to this question. The ques tion was not whether Mr. Mana had acted pro perly or improperly in reference to his views on tbe land question. The Moon** leases ques tion was of great public importance, and affected the political reputation of these gentlemen, bnt it had no bearing on the amendment. It was equally absurd also to make this a ques tion of old members and new memben, and this distinction had been raised for the first time. They had often heard of town members versos «mhi»Uj memben, but in addition te these they would now have the factions of the juveniles and tbe andenta. (Laughter.) This had nothing to do with the question before the House, and he hoped they would give their votes aa to whether the dissolution was ad visable or not. Hie had stated frequently lia opinion that it was unadviaable He might be wrong, but nothing had occurred to convince him that it was not unadvisable under the oir eumstanoes under which it took place. He thought Mr. Hughes ought to have been al lowed to try if hecouldform a Ministry, and if he failed, then the old Ministry would have gone back with renewed power. He had no personal objection to the memben of tbe Government, and he t**^ not attended any caucus meetings, as he had determined simply to give his own vote independently, and he had told various memben that if a vote of no eonnienoe was tabled against tha Government that day he should vote against it, as he agreed with the principle of Mr. Bundey- that they ought to hear she policy of the Government, and ought not to condemn their polier before they knew what it really was. This amendment did not ask hon. memben to condemn their policy. The only question was whether the -advice given to His Excellency to dndve tbe House was judicious, sound, and constitutional advice. The Government said it was. He said it was not, and, therefore, because he wss committed to the jrineiple he was bound to Tote for die amendment. ; Mr. LAKE said he held very much the same views as Mr. Barrow. He oared not what parti cular form the amendment stood in, but all he wanted to do was to record his vote against the dissolution. Nothing respecting the policy of the Gevemment wsa intended by the amend ment Aa far as he was personally concerned he condemned the dissolution now, as he did when before his constituents, but nevertheless he was prepared to -vote for turning out the Government until he had heard what their policy was. They had some foreshadowing of their policy, and although he was not altogether satisfied with it, yet he was pleased with portions of it, and he should have to be shewn/ a better policy before voting to turn the Government out. He thought ; tbe country had cried out against the ?dissolution almost everywhere, and there ' was no question that tbe country -did ' not approve of the dissolu tion, although they had sent men whom they thought were best suited as legislators. He objected to tfae dissolution on the ground stated byMr.3oueaut,th*t that was the third Par liament within three jean and six mouths; and sales* they recorded their disapproval of such action they would have dissolutions oooni ring every six months. As to the Government, he thought when a vote, of no oanfirtnrioe wss carried against them they ought to resign. Mr. Hughes, he submitted, ought to have had tile opportunity of forming a Ministry, and the Government should not become judges of whether a man was oapahlfi or not of forming a Ministry. The dissolution was the last expe dient whichooght to be resorted to. and although he distinetiysteted now that hediseproved of the dissolution, and he did not approve of the whole policy of the Government, yet he did not wish he Govemicent to resign until Ihey had brought forward their policy. As to the personal remarks which had been made, he said the Attorney-General or anybody else had no busi ness to make such statements as he had done. Those statements were made for the purpose of influencing hon. members against Mr. Boucaut, but he thought they had had the opposite effect, and if the Attorney-General's speech had had any weight at all, it was against him. He thought hen. members generally would vote on the question in the particular sense that it was intended to be— a record of their disapproval of the dissolution* Mr. EVSBABD did not know that he should have spoken had it not been for the remarks of the Attorney-General, ragMJing which he expressed his strong disapprobation. The Attorney-General, finding that he -had not a good ease — to use a sporting phrase1— draw a red herring across tbe track, and endeavored to divert the attention of tile House by making an unoaUed-for attack upon Mr. Bonoaut. He (the speaker) had been returned for the pur pose of putting down those unseemly attacks, and there, that day, on the first meeting of the new House, one wss made, and by the Attomey GeaeraL Although not a new member in the ordinary sense of the term, having had previous experience in political life, he was a new member as far as the last dissolution was oonoerned, for it was owing to that that he held his present seat, and he had no hesi tation in saying that that dissolution was ^i»f]l^ for, unjustifiable, and unwarrantable from every point of view. It was possible that the gentleman who should have been but who was not sent for, could not have formed a team, but at least he should have had a chance — (bear, hear) — and if he bad been successful the business might still havebeen asnasd/on. The members of the Government would have stood higher in the public estima tion if they had given their opponents a chance ofgoinj«n.Whetherthejw«refittedforomoenot orawouldaoonhavebeeademonstrated. Several of the memben who ^*A preceded 1dm had expressed a wish to try the Government on their policy, and not on the dissolutiah : but he would point out that the advice far this dis anlntiew came from the Government, and was to be' regarded as part of their policy. He believed the oountry generally had pronounced against thatpolioy. (Hear, hear.) He had no wish, as had been dene, to make any compari son between old and new members. No doubt they had lost tome good members, but it was known that tt was weD to have a oonstant infu tilfl bOnDWase T^wi MXQOd. tfaawt itisWOl'ltjfffl should be the hat remedy resorted to. and then that it should be founded upon some important principle. No point of importance, however, liad been submitted here— if there had been the Attorney-General would oertainly have drawn attention to it. He should rote for the amend Mr. WATTS felt bound to veto for the amendment in accordance with the action he had previously token. He always voted with a Ministry up to a osrtsin paint, but he was opposed to the Utter policy of the Government in the late Parliament, end he oertainly thought the dissolution was nnnafloti for and unjusti fiable. He endorsed what had been said as to thaw frequent dissolutions being most injurious to the oountry. Mr. PICKERING said he should vote for the awcadmrmt, that he had an idea from the first that this dissolution was not wise or judi cious, and that he said as much before bis eon. stituents. He mentioned that in his district, when his colleague was asked upon the hust ings whether he would go against the Ministry, that gentleman ' replied, he would ' knock them all to pieoea/1 (Laughter.) He rather thought the reporters favored Mr. Boueaut, for thU did not appear as he said it. The same question was put to him, and ha said, it was known what he had always done — (theOom- rnj,.jnn«T of Crown Lauds— 'Hear, hear') — that he endeavored, as far as possible, to go on with the business — (Commis- sioner of Crown Lands — ' Hear, hear') — but he said he oertainly should oppose tbe present Ministry. (The Commissioner of Crown Lands—' Oh,' and laughter.) If a Ministry in offioe were likely to do what was right, he stuck to them — (hear, hear) — and if any Ministry were formed, so long as it was con sistent and carried out measures suitable to the colony and his constituents, he would sup port it (Hear, hear.) The Attorney-General -had spoken of ' hangers-on.' He (Mr. Picker ing) would like him to know that he was no hanger-on of lawyers — (a laugh) — but he thought there was propriety in keeping down factious opposition and ofBoe-seelring. (Hear, hear.) It was his opinion that His Excellency should be commended for his action, for he be lieved his idea was to put down the continual sorunbling for office. He hoped they would be able to get and keep a suitable Ministry. Mr. RAMSAY having mentioned that it was doubtless the Ministerial wish to keep offioe during the reoess, said he thought the Govern ment had shown in the part that they would not take ibis as a no-oonfidenoe motion. There was no necessity for memben to be afraid of voting for Mr. Boucaut's amendment, thinking tile Government would resign, because unmis takable no-oonfidenoe motions had been carried and had not been taken notice of. (A laugh.) He agreed with Mr. Barrow in condemning the introduction of personalities into a debate, and said previously he had given the Attorney General credit for discretion, but he oould not for his speech that day. The Attorney-General was the leader of the Government for the time, and he should certainly not have descended to a private question, opening up a personal squabble, especially in a House full of new members. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that, however strongly they might speak, they would confine themselves to the question and not go into personalities. The Attorney-General in what he had said stated tint nine memben voted for and 20 against the Ministry, and yet just before that he was en deavoring to prove that parties were evenly divided. Bis statement therefore proved too muoh. (Hear, hear.) He pointed out that the leading papers of the coleny had condemned the dissolution, and with regard to the state ment that no reasons were given against it, and for its oondMnnation by that House, he referred to the speeches of tfae mover (Mr. Boueaut) and Mr. Solomon. There was, he argued, one great fault in these dissolutions. They intro duced a system of oonstant political turmoil, and the population instead of being an in dustrious population would become a com munity of gabblers, and like the Paisley weavers or Northampton shoemakers, instead of «nt»-^fr»g ilieSi baatueaa-thgy woalAnagfectft and .become idlers. If there had been suffi cient cause — any national question at stake — then there might properly have been a disso lution. It was not likely that members would consant to be ruled by a Ministry which, ex cepting for a slight ohange, was the same as they had previously turned out, especially as that Ministry had changed its opinion to suit the new ooadjutor. He asserted that other memben should have hid a ehanoe of forming a Government, and that tile Ministry gave the advice for the dissolution to retain office two months longer for pecuniary benefit; and expressed a hope that the House would by their vote discountenance the policy which dictated this dissolution, and, whilst recognising the constitutional neces sity for providing for an appeal to the country, ?till show that they did not think there was any necessity for CTnnrising it in this ease. He maintained that those districts whioh had spoken out upon the question had condemnesl tbe dissolution, and said he should vote for the Mr. OAVBNAGH said he had bad no inten tion of speaking on this, because his opinion re garding the dissolution had been shown by the way in which he had previously voted ; but he wished to make an observation in reference to something which cad fallen from tile Attorney Gennral, to the effect that there was an under standing between Mr. Boueaut and Mr. Strong ways in reference to the Moonta Leases BoL He said he, as a member of the Strangways Government, knew nothing of any such com promise. The Hoonta Loasos Bill was brought in by Mr. Neville BIyth, a brother of the pre sent Treasurer, assisted by Captain Hart, and therefore there was no question of compromise with the Strangways Government. The COMMISSIONER of ORO WN LANDS, referring to the complaint that there had been no reason shown for the dissolution, said he should endeavor to show that in oonwquence of the divided state of parties in tile House, and tile factious opposition continually off ered to the Government, dissolution was the only course that could be reoommentlnd by the Govern ment and properly adopted by tile Governor. He then recapitulated the action taken upon the overthrow of the Hart Ministry to form another Government; and asserted that no combination which was formed seoured, or was likely to secure, lasting confidence, in con sequence of the divided state of party feeling. He explained the stops he took in joining the administration, and oomplained that the Go vernment of which he was a member had not reoeived a fair trial, referring, in confirmation of this statement, to the fact that the Financial Statement and the EduaationBUl were set down for oertain days, but the Ministry were not allowed to go on with them. He expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing Mr. Barrow in the House, and said that gentleman knew that he was brought out, not try tile friends of Mr. Townsend, but by the friends of Mr. Lindsay, and to oppose Mr. Townsend; and Mr, Barrow having been a writer in the oMeounby, being a well-known writer now, having two powerful newspapers at his back, and having been re turned at the head of the poll for the Legisla tive Council, he (Mr. Townsend) did not oon aider that he had sustained a disgraceful defeat at all. (Sear, hear.) The real point, however, m that Mr. John Iindsay, an avowed and open enemy of the Government, sought re election, and was rejected. Mr. Boueaut had offered to meet Mr. Hart at the Burn, but he did not do so ; and if he had he (Mr. Townsend) did not think he would have been returned. He did not know if th9 Government were to regard this amendment as a vote of no confi dence, bat- he would take care, rapposraKt&ey; TTPiflinfrfl in office, that they ?Tnwif^ pot for ward their measures in a plain straightforward nrniMf, and *M*hfciHy carry out tfae principles they had professed. He should endeavor whilst in offioe to do the best he orm^d, *»»^ he '»«—- tained that the Government had been true to every pledge they had given. He referred to all the elections being fixed for one day— a thing which no other Government had dene — and asserted that in all the districts the number of votes was up to tile average. Mr. SIMMS should oppose tbe Mmmitmant with regard to whioh he credited Mr. Boucaut forhis manlynotioe of opposition. He thought there had never been a more factious opposition in those walls than that displayed by the late Parliament, and that nothing could be done by His Excellency but to dissolve the House. He thought the oonntry had shown its approval of the dissolution by returning the Ministry in tact. He complained of this amendment being tabled, saying if it was carried what was to prevent them having another one tile next day ? stated that he came there to do business, and that he would not be a party to this continual ousting of one Government and putting in another. (Hear, hear.) He hoped young mem ben would support tiie Government, and do all they could to carry on the business of the country properly, which he intended doing. Mr. MTLBS said ha was at first opposed to the dissolution, but there were times when it was necessary there should be an appeal to the country, and when they saw tbe factious oppo sitaen prevalent in the last House, and how members were opposed to each other, he thought they would agree that the dissolution was per fectly justifiable. He should oppose this dis position to factious opposition. He should let the Government bring in their measures, and stand or fall by them, (Hear, hear.) He should vote for the motion. Mr. SMITH said he had been pledged to oppose the dissolution, and he had said, and still maintained, that tile Ministry whioh had tendered advioe leading to it were deserving of censure. He oame pledged to oppose the Ministry, and the only way he could do it was by voting against them, and he was sorry he had not his colleague with him. Mr. WARD oonld not say he had not expected the action the Opposition were taking, for he know they had been putting forth extreme efforts. He believed, how ever, their present attempt would, in its result be aa unsuccessful as those of last session. Mr. Boucaut had said that was the third Parliament they had had in three yean and six months, and it appeared the hon. member thought it very npfl^findflft to have so many Parliaments in so short a time. He did not agree with the hon. member, for aa a rule the oftener the members saw their constituents tite better. He knew the hon. member for Tatala would not agree in that opinion. (Mr. Glyde—' Hear, hear.') He (Mr. Ward) would not gO SO far aa to *Awnnm.t»aintma P»rii«m«iit» but Parliaments wanted correcting now and then. The anuments of the Opposition were like the oomplainta of a little schoolboy— that he had. been whipped twice in six months. It was impossible last ses sion for tile Government to carry on the busi ness of tile oountry. The Ministry were con tinually thwarted. They bad business to pre sent to the House, bnt were not allowed to go on with it. Why Mr. Playf ord, at a dinnar givni to him the other night, said Mr. Boueaut was tiie direct cause of the dissolution. Mr. Playford said that had Mr. Boueaut been in the House earlier tiie first motion, of nooon fidenos would have been carried 5 but they had to wait tiU he or some other legal gentleman was in tiie House to take tiie position ef At torney-General before they oould oust the Ministry. If some hon. members disapproved of the dissolution, it by no means followed that they must disapprove.of the Ministry, for they cud not cause the dissolution -it wm caused by the factiousness of the Opposi tion. (Oh.) Mr. Barrow, and other hon. memben, had said they disapproved of the Opposition; but would give tiw Ministry a fair trial. He thought it would be a very easy thing to show that the country approved of the dissolution. Twenty members of the late Par liament had condemned the dissolution, and nine voted in Its favor. Of the 30 only eight were returned, and of the niae, eight were re turned. Eight out of tiie nine got back to their seats; but 13 of the 20 failed to do so. He was aware three did not stand. (Heai, hear, and 'Go on,') Well, there was another. (' Go on,') He did not remember the— (hear, hear)— but at any rate they failed to be returned, and of some who did not offer themselves for re-election tt was very certain that had they done so they would not have had the ghost of a chance of being returned. Mr. Solomon asked- what question the Government dissolved upon. He (Mr. Ward) sai4 the land question, and never was a policy or question more distinctly put before the oountry. The question was put |in rnrrfiTtnlrf) able terms, tersely and plainly, before the oountry by the Treasurer in his address to the eleoton of Gumeraoha. If ever there was a Ministerial manifesto put forth clearly, it was that one. If the Treasurer was returned, it was impossible to say it was not upon that question. (Mr. Solomon — 'No.') They oould njt say that question was not put before the country. The Government distinctly laid their policy would be to reserve the land for two yean from auction sales. Mr. Boueaut was in favor of only allow ing six .months instead of two yean. He said over and over again six months. (Mr. Boucaut — 'No.') Why, he moved and voted against the modification in favor of 12 months. Of course, if he was going to say he would come round and do a little more jim erowism, they could understand the position he took ; bat if he wished to be judged as other hon. memben wished to be, he must oonstder himself as committed to the six months. He challenged them on that issue. He said the oountry was pledged to reserving tbe land two years from auction, and if they did not secure that they would do more harm than good by a change in the land law. If they did not secure that, all the good of yean of legislation would be destroyed. Mr. Bright said a minority only of the electors had voted, but that statement, without explanation, was calculated to mislead. He would take Stanley as an index. He admitted that fewer voted there than usually. The eleoton of that dis trict did not like one of their memben, and they disapproved of the candidate who opposed him. Had some other candidate;— Mr. i'olton for instance— stood for the district, he would have been either first or second on tbe poll. He did not mean any disrespect to the Speaker, as it was well known the opposition was not against him, but against the junior member. He objected to the amendment, because if it was understood that every House should hut for the fall term of three yean, there would be no guarantee against factious opposition. If;they always condemned Ministers for advising a dis solution they would naturally shrink from ad vising a dissolution — (ironical cheers) — how- ever factious tfae Opposition became. Was it not proper to appeal from such a miserable fao tion aa brought about the last dissolution ? The amendment was a moat peculiar one. Its prompters and supporters had not the moral or political courage to try a direct vote of no-cenfidence. (Mr. Glyde—' It's the same thing.) They had taken on themselves to in strust tiie Oommittee as to how they should frame their reply, but he thought thev were too independent to accept instructions in that manner. He believed their reply would be 'We will not do this just to please you.' (Oh.) The Committee or most of them ap proved of the dissolution. For bis part, if he were in such a position he would1 refuse to comply with the amendment, if psnsofl, and then let the Opposition do the best they could. Let the Opposition come down, then, and move a vote of no confidence if they dared. He believed the result of tiie amendment would not be exactly what the Opposition hoped. He was sorry to see they ware be ginning to act much the same as in last Parlia ment. It seemed that the question of who should be in offioe was made a mere matter of strength. They appeared to go upon what was rather miscalled ' the good old plan,' ' That he shall take who has the power, And he shall keep who can.' He was sorry to see legislators who were sup posed to be the embodiment of the wisdom an 1 intelligence of tiie oolony should be prevailed upon to give way to such feelings. He was sorry to see that it was made a qnestion whether the Hon. Arthur BIyth or Mr. Hughes should be at the head of tfae Government. All he cared to see was, that they should have men in the Ministry of whose views he could approve, and who would carry those views out in tfae government of tile country. When Mr. Ramsay said that 280 electors of Gumeraoha voted in condemnation of the dissolution, he wss utterly wrong. He thought he knew more of Gumeraoha than the hon. member did, and if there was one district more '*»*wwnftn«ly than others in favor of the dissolution, it was Gumeracha. He knew that his somewhat proud position in connection with that im portant district wsa due to his having expressed his views so strongly against place-hunting. Had he not dene so he should not have been returned. He hoped the amend ment would not be carried, though he believed it would be, and he hoped it would not have any effect if it was carried. Mr. GLYDE asked if it was competent to the memben of the Committee to refuse to carry out the instructions of tbe House, or must they not resign if they would not do so. The SPEAKER ruled they were bound to comply with the express instructions of the House. Mr. DERRINGTON would not have risen, but for tile great amount ef speoiousness and mystification thrown over the subject. There had been great attempts to introduce irrelevant matter and to frighten new members. He had two convictions with respect to the dissolution. One wss that tiie Government never placed before tfae oountry a definite policy as a battle ground on which to bring anything to an issue ; and another conviction was that the country pronounced unmistakably against tfae dissolu tion, whenever a great amount of interest was taken in the elections, to show the electors* opinions on the subject. He understood some threats were held out last session to in fluence hon, memben as to some ul terior proceedings 'Of the Government, whioh would cause great inconvenience to the country in the ease of oertain events. It was said a similar threat was held out now, and that if the Parliament did not obey the instruDtions of the Ministry, there would be another dissolu tion. With these issues before them, combined with Mr. Hart's statement that he oould have had a dissolution if he had wanted it last session, it seemed as if there wsa an end of their constitutional privileges. It seemed as if a oertain set of men must be retained on tiie Treasury beeches, irrespective of their acts. The dissolution was not justifiable, and to justify dissolutions on snob grounds, would lead to infesting the House with a set of plaoe hunters. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, with reference to the reports that the Go vernment had threatened to dissolve the House, would have thought the hon. member who had last spoken was sufficiently conversant with constitutional usages to have known that no Government oouldor would dissolve a House of its own assembling. There was oertainly one Government that advised the dissolution of a House of their own calling together. The Hon. Mr. Ayen and the Hon. Mr. Reynolds pro posed to dissolve a House, the product of a general election, under their own auspices. He referred to that as a very alight extenuation of the mistake the last speaker made as to the intentions of the present Govern ment. This Government knew better than to advise the dissolution of a House of their ewn calling together. If tiie House condemned the Government they would accept the de cision ; and he was astonished any one, and especially the last speaker, could have credited anything so absurd as that the Government would advise the dissolution of that House. Mr. HUGHES would first dear the character of a traduced member fram the charges brought against him by the Attorney-General— charges by whioh he was incidentally affected. The Attorney-General charged Mr. Boucaut with having sold his vote to the Strangways Ministry for a money consideration in the ease of the Moonta leases, his objeot being so far to influence new memben against tiie mover of the amendment by making them believe he was guilty of most unworthy conduct He (Mr. Hughes) was Treasurer in that Ministry, and Mr. Oavenagb. was also a member of it, and he appealed to Mr. Cavensgfa, who declared, as he also dpnlsred, that tfae ohargs was totally false. The Bill was introduced by Mr. Neville Blytfa, supported by Mr. Hart, and passed without any opposition whatever. The whole House thought the question should be settled that way, as they saw, session after session, persons picking at the titles of mineral lessees, putting them to vast expense, and obliging them, perhaps, to buy off litigants who were attacking them. He hoped he had convinced new memben that there was no foun dation for the imputations against Mr. Boucaut. He was sorry that when a Ministry had no defence to their policv thev should endeavor to throw memben off their trail by bespattering their opponents with personalities. They should protest against the dissolution to pro tect themselves from another, or how should they guard against being sent about their busi ness to suit tbe dictum of any Ministry in the minority? Talk about scrambling for office. The scrambling was on tfae Treasury benches, to keep possession of them. Many ef tiie memben supporting tfaat amendment it was known were not scramblers for office. On the last hostile motion in the late Parliament tbe Ministry had only five sup porters, while there were 20 against them. Would not that 20 have supported a new Minis, try* In England they had septennial Parlia ments, and there they only dissolved on great public questions, but the last dissolution was on no question whatever. As for the Land TM11, they had done with that before tfae dissolution. The Education BUI was still before the House, and had sosnely been debated, and the sentiments of the y«u»ft had not been declared on that measure. The only ouastion was whether the Government should hold offioe by intimidation or threat*. (The Treasurer— 'No.') He presumed the Treasurer meant tfaat there was no official threat, but to deny that tfae supporters of the Government held out threats would be absurd— it was a matter of common conversa tion. The present Government did not threaten dissolution, but it was intimated by some of their supporten that it might be resorted to. (Name.) They were told of the disorganiza tion of the late House ; but it was not the dis organization — it was the organisation the Government objected to. Their supporten fell off sad gave strength and organisation to the Opposition. They were talked to about fac tion; tratif they believed the Ministry, every opposition was factious that opposed *-r*#mr When * Ministry in a minority wou^d hold to their plaoes they were factious, not the body of the House. Now he would tell his.' friend, the hon, member for Gumeraoha — and he should be very proud if he would allow him to call him his friend — whose talents com manded respect, that they were glad to hear him expound his views ; bat he might spare himself the trouble of trying to school thorn. He did not know whether tiie hon. member was the leader or the supporter of the Ministry —the head or the tafl. He told them what the Government were pledged to with reference to the Land Bill, so that it seemed he dictated the policy of the Government. But as for tiie policy of the Government, their policy by in having no policy. They never cared for the principles of the Land Bill, but would take it in any shape the House liked. He regretted the dissolution, and they were bound on the one hand to record their protest against it, and on the other to give a warning to Ministers for the future. Mr. WEST said that according to the report of a recent meeting Mr. Hughes had said the question was one of measures, not men— whether Mr. BIyth or Mt. Hughes should be at the head of a Government. Now, taking Mr. Hughee en his own ground, he would say that if the dissolution was justifiable on no other ground, it was justifiable on the ground that not to resort to it would be to allow that hon. member to become Premier of this province. He thought any hon. member who had been stated by a Committee to have been guilty of malversation of offioe should not occupy such a position. He alluded to the £50,000 which he planed with tiie National Bank, of whioh he was a Director, atja loss of 2 per oent to the oountry. Again, he was proved in the Supreme Court to be utterly incapable of governing himself. Thenthe natural conclusion, —and there was no difficulty at arriving at that oonolusion— was that he was utterly incapable of governing 185,000 people. They all knew that he had prostituted— Mr. HUGHES asked tkat those words might be taken down. The SPEAKER— It vUl be best to let him. finish tiie eentenoe. The words at present are ' he has prostituted.' Mr. WEST— He prostituted his political position to by and injure the reputation ef one of the best officen in the service of the oolony, and that was affirmed in the verdict of » Jury, which pofitisally crucified tfae hon. member, and he had no chance of appearing asa straight forward and honest politician. He (Mr. West) thought the Government should have a fair hearing, though Mr. Hughes would condemn them unheard. He (Mr. West) would give them a fair hearing, and if he did not approve of their conduct he would soon let them know. Seeing what great difference of opinion there wss in the late House, it was right to try and establish a better state of things by a dissolu tion. Hw Excellency was quite right to adopt - the advice of his ministers in order to prevent such a calamity as having such a state of parties as should lead to the selection as Premier of a man who was proved to be guilcy of such charges as he tad stated. Mr. HUGHES— Will you state what those charges were? The SPB&KBR; said the following words had been taken down :— 'Prostituted his political position.' (Laughter.) Mr. BRAY would not have spoken had not the Attorney-General made a personal attack on Mr. Bouoaut, and induced others to apeak in the same strain. The supporten of the amftn^win-n^: had been quite willing to on without personalities. He was gratified to see, too, that all had refrained fram making personal attacks, except one who had signified !»? intention of voting with the Ministry. He would say for him««lf that at no meeting in his district had he been asked his opinion about the dissolution, because there was a general feeling that it was uncalled for and unjustifiable. The only voice in the dis trict in favor of the dissolution was that of his hon. colleague, Mr. OottrelL A dissolution should only be adopted as a last resort. It might be said he thould not disapprove of tiie dissolution, as he owed his election to it, but he had said it was not called for before he stood, or intended to stand, as a candidate. If it was unwise then it was so now. If any benefit arose from it theMinistry would not deserve no credit, forthe end would not justify the means. He was sur prised the Attorney-General, who might be be supposed ready 10 conciliate new memben, should use such offensive terms as 'hangers- on' respecting those who were going to support the ''H''1' He (Mr. Bray) distinctly denied that he was a hanger-on. He was an independent member, and should support the amendment. If hon. memben were cowards for not moving a direct vote of no confidence, tiie Ministry were equally cowards for not saying how they meant to take that vote. He had alwpys been unfavorable to the dissolution, and was so still. The Hon. T. RBTNOLD3 would not take up their time, as he was a new member. (Laughter.) He did not like the Attorney General's term, ' hangers-on.' Mr. Boucaut, in his speech, had been gentlemanly and courteous, and he had hoped the Attorney General would be the same. He (Mr. Rey nolds), like Mr. Bray, was not a hanger-on. Perhaps the Attorney-General was more fami liar with the term, and knew what it meant. As for Mr. Hart's statement that the last House contained such a lot of crisis- mongers, why that was the very House he had described as sueh a wonderful improvement upon the last, and as such a very superior House. The fact was the hon. member had thought it & plastic House, that he could mould in any form, but he found it was not plastic, so he said it was full of crisu-mongers. Mr. Hart was not com plimentary to some of the new memben when he be (railed sobttterly the absence of some who were not there. He aeemed as if he was going to cry, but he (Mr. Reynolds) was glad he did not. Those bemoanings of the hon. member were a reflection upon some new members, aa though they were inferior to those who came before them. The fact was they had left out warm supporten of Mr. Hart himself, and tfaat was the ead reflection. He had always expressed nimself against the dissolution, and when he first heard of it he was disgusted. There was noffaing factious in tiie course being takffl that day. They met tile Government boldly, and they had no right to say they were ftiatinn.. Those who talked about unfairness did not care for other Ministries. They argued about injustice, but they did not give other Ministries any chance. They could not allow those frequent dissolutions to occur without expressing their disapproval. He regretted that the head of the Bxeoutire had taken tfae advise of his Ministers, and adopted a oourae calculated to bring their liberal Oonsti tutien into oontempt, The TREASURER had been sorry to hear cries of 'Divide.' It was on a par with the fair ness shown to the Ministry, that when he rose he should be met with cries of 'Divide.' He protested against references to Ml,.;«fenV salaries J and cheques, as not dignified or wor- ' thy the position of memben of that House. His hon. colleague, the Attorney-General, had been attacked for using the term ' hangers-on,' but he did not apply the term to the present House, but to tfae last. It was impossible for any one speaking in that House without very careful deliberation to avoid saying anything on whioh some charge could be brought against him. Mr. Hughes protested against the disso lution. One would imagine that hon. member had never advised a dissolution. Why he ad vised a dissolution before giving any one a chance to form a Ministry. In the present case he did not know how many had tried their hands at the task. The hon, member would protect, himself against being sent to the country. He also referred to the report of the threat of the present Ministry to have a second dissolution. He (the Treasurer) did not often complain, but that any one could irrpgi*'* anything so silly, was not complimentary to the Government. He said on his honor that such a thought never crossed his brain. He never heard of anything se inconsistent and absurd. Those statements were made recklessly. They might do isjury, bnt could do no good. He was charged just before the dissolution with promising that there should be no dissolution. Now if ever he had been careful to avoid anything, he had been careful to avoid two things— threatening a disso lution or promising there should be none. If he had threatened, he believed there would have tbeen m necessity for a dissolution. The Speaker's casting vote would not have been required, aa some hen. memben would not have voted as they did. It was, however, most im proper to make such threat*. An inflanntiiJ portion of the press had expressed a hope that that debate would be short, sharp, and deci sive, but it was not one of the three. It cer tainly was not sharp, and a very different ex pression would properly describe it. With re ferenoe te the opinion of theoountiy, he would say that in Gumeracha, 17 or 18 meetings all approved of the dissolution. At one a vote was carried for the old candidates on the express ground that the dissolution was right and oonstitatiqnal. In other meetings in oiher districts it was urged that the time of the year was inconvenient, and he thought that was sometimes con founded with disapproval of the dissolution itself. But who foroed tbe dissolution on the Government? There was one hon. member said the Government dare not advise a dissolu tion at that time of tiie year, and in their line of conduct some hon. memben oaleulatei upon that. He believed the dissolution would do good. Last session the Ministry were met with a no- oonfidenoe motion, when they had fixed t» o days in which to state their financial policy, and biing on the Education Bill. There *»' been one similar case in which he was oonoerned. When the first responsible Government they had had went out of office, Mr. Baker formed a Ministry, and immediately there was tabled a motion of want of confidence, which was car ried. There were two great mistakes then— first, that they did not give the Ministry a chance; and second, that the Ministry did not appeal to the oountry. What was called Mr. Strangways'* Government was not the Strangways Government that appealed to the country. Mr. Strangwajs applied to men of every shade of view to form his Go vernment, and that oourse of conduct was what $he House ooademned, and he hoped it always would be, or they woi(ld always have an un satisfactory Government. He hoped what ever Government was formed they would hear their policy and financial statement. He could not go about touting for votes, but he knew other people did so. Nothing was stranger than the new members1 statement* as to the very speedy way in which their ac quaintance was made. He never oould do tfaat sort of thing, and never should. That any men oould expect that any other course was open to the Ministry, after the last hostile vote of Mr. Hughes, was astonishing. AT. Everard said that when tiie House was obstruc tive it was right to dissolve it, and he agreed with him. If the House was not obstructive, when the Treasurer said that on a oertain day he WAuld state his fitiawmai policy, and the Assembly refused to hear him, he did not know what obstruction was. With regard to the hon. member for Mount Barker's expression about catching votes, he would fliy there never was a Government that took so little trouble to catch votes. If by their votes on important measures they could find justification for the dissolution, it must be for the good of the colony. The Government had tbe elections as speedily as possible. Mr Olyde's address to the Governor was like ali th .s- ad dresses — unnecessary and useless. Th .-i ad dresses never did any good, and uevur wuul.'. The Governor, having given his Ministry the privilege of appeal to the country, was not likely to draw back. As soon as the address was carried, the writs were out the same afternoon. The Ministry only gave themselves one ehanoe of election, and risked their poli tical life altogether. He did not wish to flatter new memben, but he would say that be never felt prouder of being a member of the Assembly than now. The amendment was not called for, and he thought the results would amply justify tiie dissolution. The House then divided on the amendment, with the following result :— Axes, 19— Messrs. Barrow, Bray, Bright, Oavenagh, Derrington, Duncan, Everard, Glyde. Hughes, KxushanS, Lake, Pickering, Ramsay, Reynolds, Biddooh, Smith. Solomon, Watte, and Bouoaut (teller). Non, 13— The Attorney-General, the Com irissioner of Crown Lands, the Oommisaumer of Publio Works, Messrs. Bundey, Oottrell, Con ner, Hart, Hyles. Simma, Stevenaon, Ward, West, and the Treasurer (teller). Majority of 6 for the Ayes. Paib —Mr. Angas, for ; Mr. Pearoe, against. The 8PEAEEB then put the question' amended aa follows:— 'That a. Committee, consisting of Messrs. Stevenson, West, Oottrell, Simms, and the mover (Hon. A. BIyth) be ap pointed to prepare a draft Address of tiie House of Assembly to His Excellency, in reply to his Speech on opening the Parliament; and that His Excellency's Opening Speech be referred to such Oommittee; and that it be an instruction te tfae Committee to embody in the proposed reply a paragraph informing His Excellency that this House disapproves of the action of the Government in reference to the reoent dis solution of the House of Assembly.' Mr. BOUOTTAT said he did not wish to re open the debate, or retort npon the Attorney' General, but the House would consider he was bound, if he had any respect for himself, to say two or three wor Is in reference to what had fallen from the Attorney-GeneraL He con gratulated the Treasurer on tfae tone of the speech whioh he had just made— (hear, hear)— and then said that in fair play he was aura the House would permit him to reply to the re marks made by tfae Attorney-GeneraL First, the Attorney-General said he (Mr. Boueaut) was, or hadbeen, solicitor to the MTUs Claims Mineral Association. That he had never denied, bnt had admitted it in that House. He had stated in the House, also, that he had sup ported Mr. Strangways, and he had justified him self in doing so. As to the Bill being passed, he explained tfaat it was introduced by Mr. Neville BIyth, one of the most honorable men who ever sat in Parliament — (hear, hear)— and supported by Mr. Hart and Mr. Townsend, and passed through. without a division. The only alter ation was an alteration advene to the Bill, whioh was moved by Mr. Strang ways. Every hon. member knew what had led to tiie introduction of tiie Bill. The sting of the Attorney-General's statement was that he had supported the Government to ensure the palming of the Moonta Leases Bill in order to obtain his costs. Now the Attor ney-General should not have given utteranos to such a statement uxless he believed it to be true, and he challenged the hon. gentleman to say he believed what he stated to be true. The Attorney-General said shortly before tiie Bill became law Mr. Boucaut had a large sum -£4,000 or £5,000-due to him as costs, and he had no possibility of obtaining' payment of that amount. He denied tnat emphatically, and two gentlemen had been present that after noon who explicitly supported his denial. The Hon. Wm. Morgan— a man whose word oould be relied on — and another gentleman in a high social position in Seuth Australia, had ex pressed their indignation at the Attorney General's attack. He had the proper or dinary instructions and retainer from Mr. Morgan, who was responsible for bis costs. He never made a boast of what be did, but he would say that he allowed this case to be settled at a personal lots of £1,000, and he oould mention '^'?pftanhaUt names to bear him out in this statement. Sir Dominiek Daly urged him to. get the matter settled, as it was at the bottom of every poli tical combination. He denied the statement which, the. Attorney-General made. Another statement was, that a compromise was made by which a sum of £8,000 was paid on condition that the Bill was passed. He de nied tfaat there was any such condition or reference made to any Bill at all. The sting of the statement was that he had an interest in getting tiie £8,000, and tbat.he made a corrupt bargain wiUf Hr. Strangwsys for the purpose ; but he protested that no understand ing, direct or indirect, was come to with Mr. 8trangways or any memben of the Government, and he had never said anything to that effect, as stated by the Attorney-GeneraL He cer tainly had stated that he purposed retiring, and that being tfae ease he supported Mr. Strang ways, but the other statements were altogether untrue and incorrect. The Attorney-General had left tiie matter ambiguous, and he should leave it ambiguous too. The hon. gentleman had hinted at cowardice, but this was a aiUy or -unbecoming charge for a Minister to ™»v«» against a, member of the House, and when 000a sionservedhehopedhe hadshown that he wasnot deficient of oourage. He thanked the Attorney General for making these charges so deliberately, for it enabled him to deny them .more pointedly and more emphatically than hitherto he ti«^ been able to do. He left it for the Attorney General to consider whether he had made the charges in a right-minded way, believing it neoessary tfaat he (Mr. Boueaut) should dear his character, or whether he had made them in another and less creditable mannet. He asked, the House to give him credit for being unwilling and unable to prostitute ii.mmlf in such a gross and monstrous way as would unfit him not only to be a member of tiie House, but also unfit him to be in the society of any honorable gentleman. He asked hon. memben to believe that there was no ground whatever, direct or indirect, for the accusations which had been made. Tha ATTORNEY-GENERAL said no one would be more gratified than himself if Mr. Boucaut oould disprove what he said. Mr. Boueaut had just said that he never entered into a oompact, direct or indireot, with Mr. Strangways or any one else aa to tiie Moonta Leases Validating Bill. (Bear, hear.) He (tiie Attorney-General) said he had the authority of Mr. T. B. Bruce, of Messrs. Stow, Bruoe, and Avers, who distinctly informed him that Mr. Bruoe stated there was such an arrangement. On that information he had spoken, and he hoped no one would suppose that he would have made sueh a statement unless he believed it was oor reoL He, however, did believe what was told to him, and if tiie hon. member oould prove that the statement made on the authority of the gentleman, named was not correct, no one would be more gratified than liinmif. Mr. BOUCAUT wished to say that either the Attomey-Genecsl had most grossly misun derstood Mr. Bruce or Mr. Brace had most grossly misunderstood him (Mr. Beueaut), for he repeated in the most emphatic manner .that he had had no such oonvenatien either with Mr. Bruce or Mr. Strangways. Mr. BARROW moved that the House divide. Carried. The motion as amended was then put and carried. The House adjourned at a quarter before 8 o'clock till next Tuesday. 