[NEW COLONIAL TALE.] Pounds, Shillings, & Pence; OR, PHASES OF COLONIAL LIFE. BY GEORGE E. LOYAU. (Author of "Leichhardt the Lost Explorer," Colonial Sketches, Dark Scenes, &c.;, &c.;) BOOK FIRST.—POUNDS. CHAPTER III.—IN WHICH I MEET A FRIEND IN NEED, AND RELATE A TALE WITHIN A TALE. IF you could have seen me, dear reader, on my way to London, a boy only nine years of age, with about as definite an idea of the locale of the great city as a Greenland bear, I think you would have deemed me an object of pity. Running away hath an unpleasant sound; a something dishonourable seems allied to it, and in whatever light it is regarded, circumstances, unless very desperate, seldom appear to warrant a resort thereto. You have heard the narrative of my trials under the rule of my father-in-law, have seen how ill- fitted he was to be the guide of any youth, how supreme an hypocrite he really became on my mother's death; wonder not then that I shrank from further contact with him, as from a leper; blame me not that (in conse- quence of his harsh treatment) I ran away. My journey to the metropolis was similar in detail to others which have been, and are still occurring to poor boys, the path of misfortune is ever thorny, and hard to travel. Weary and footsore I reached the busy city, and after expending my last penny in one of those tempting delicacies termed "fag- gots," found a shelter 'neath the arches of London Bridge—a place snug enough sometimes at low water, but perilous at high tide. Now, I was indeed a waif, drifting hither and thither without a friend. I knew no one, and none offered me shelter or home. A long course of hardship and misery had made me hate everybody and everything which bore the least trace of respectability. By- and-bye I obtained acquaintances,—boys of my own age, who had taken their degrees in crime, and were daily plung- ing deeper into the vortex of sin. Hunger and its attendants, added to their persuasions, might doubtless at last have forced me into the track of crime, and led me in the end to Pen- tonville, Milbank, or others of the re- ceptacles for criminals. Chance, luck, or as some might deem it Providence, prevented this degradation. Strolling one evening in the neigh- bourhood of the Docks I was accosted by a seafaring man who enquired if I would do him a service, the said service consisting of the carrying of a message to a small vessel lying in the stream. My task accomplished, and pay received on returning to the house of my new employer, he questioned me concerning my past life and parentage. My simple narrative was soon told, his sympathy was enlisted, and ere many days I had the satisfaction of forming part and parcel of the household of Mr. John Thompson. His confidence in me daily increased, and I on my part regarded him with the same affection which I had once evinced for my real parent. His wife and daughter were kind to me, and worthy of my highest regard. The former reminded me of my departed mother, the latter supplied the want I had ever felt of a sisterly confidant. How happy I was in the society of these gentle beings, how pleasantly glided the hours by! There was an immeasurable store of pleasure, too, for us all, each evening after tea, when Jack related his rough homespun yarns of places he had seen, people he had met with, and of things he had done here, there, and everywhere. North, South, East, and West he had travelled, so that his store of anecdotes were something worth hearing. I was far too young then to compre- hend much relating to the inner life of that amiable family with whom I had cast my lot. Susan and Jack, I often observed, appeared in a sorrowful mood, but I attributed its cause to others than the correct one. Tricket and wife some- times visited us, and the ex-footman pretended a violent friendship for me. I was connected with the household of his chum, Jack Thompson, that was quite enough for him! Then again, he said, "I was poor and motherless, an orphant without a feather to fly with." Still, in spite of his good wishes and un- grammatical language I liked him not, and our acquaintance did not extend beyond the precincts of my patron's house. Many and varied were the tales told on winter evenings at the sailor's fire- side. There were forecastle yarns, main-top yarns, tales of land lubbers and sea lubbers, adventures among pirates, sharks, whales and icebergs. Most of them are now forgotten, though a confused encyclopedia of the whole remains graven in memory. The ex- footman also favoured us with his budget of novelties, sayings and doings in high life, while courtship and wedlock followed suit. One narrative culled from the many then related is here presented to the reader; it was told by Tricket, but as his yarns were usually interspersed with so many repetitions in the form of "says he" and "says she," I prefer telling it in my own way. Suppose we call it JACKSON'S MUMMY! In a leading thoroughfare of the city of London, some forty years ago, re- sided an individual, named Jackson. Brought up to the trade of butter-dealing and egg-choosing, he at an early age, proved himself an adept in this par- ticular line, and an ornament to the Grocer's Association, of which he was a prominent member. The National School, Shoreditch, was the emporium of the learning attended by our hero; he gradually rose above the mere routine of useless knowledge, imparted in that establishment, and struck out a course for himself—in other words, he read, noted, and inwardly digested the con- tents of all books, papers, and letters which came under his notice, and these were not few, for the whole store in which he was located after leaving school bought "waste paper to any amount." Among the large quantity of memorandum books, bills, and accounts purchased by his employer he often found rare and curious manuscripts, which had been probably saved from the flames, (to which their owners had doomed them) by some zealous house- keeper or servant. These individuals regarding such productions in the light of waste paper perquisites, made more by their sale than their legitimate owners could ever have hoped for. It was in this manner that Jackson gleaned many new ideas which enabled him to produce those sublime compositions pub- lished in the columns of the Daily Double Dutchman, and which its editor stated were the effusions of "a rising youth of genius." His first efforts were but "skim milk" average, but ere long something better and more Byronic fol- lowed, after which came essays on various subjects, from the "Defence of Apprentices" to "Men of the Time." The latter of course included Jackson, who proved by direct evidence his descent from Milton, the bard of im- mortal memory. Be this as it may, the poets garb had Elisha-like rested on his shoulders, and fitted him well; and al- though poetry and butter are opposites, the muse did not in this instance (as in the case of Diogenes) hesitate to make her abode in a tub. But lo, a change came over the day- dreams of Jackson. He had a soul above grease, though be remembered that Greece had favoured the muse of Byron. His master now constantly complained of his neglect, and politely hinted at "sack;" yet our youthful bard kept straight ahead and produced powerful dramas from Grecian history on a butter firkin. The change I have just mentioned as taking place was this \--Our hero reached the end of "his time;'' the term of his probation or ap- prenticeship leaving him no longer a counter jumper, but free to rove the pathless woods of Epping or Windsor, and revel with nature in her own domains. Jackson took his fill of these things; he "did" the country, and ruralised at Bow, spent a week near the great sea, and expended the cash he had saved during a seven years' apprenticeship. Poverty, however, forced him back to his old post, and again he was to be met, pale, cadaverous, and ill-clad, in the neighbourhood of Drury Lane. His talents were going begging, he thought of Chatterton, Otway, and Goldsmith, and was consoled. Suddenly an idea struck him—how, I cannot say—but it certainly did strike him, and he acted on it accordingly. What new thing had he found out? Was it the Philosopher's stone, the route to the North Pole, per- petual motion, or what? Nothing of the kind! He had seen that dealers in marine stores and buyers of second-hand articles were making more money than any one else in London. Old rags had realized an independency. Griggs, the Jew of Rosemary Lane, had retired on a fortune—all made out of old bones and second-hand books; while a chum of Jackson's was able to cut a swell, and keep a cab, merely with the profits made in the chandlery line. Evidently fortunes were to be had by seeking for them; and our hero therefore resolved to set aside Poetry and the Arts for a time, and out- rage his feelings, by endeavouring to at- tain independence. How to begin: aye, that's the rub. Many a man has thought of it, studied it sat down on it, slept on it, and considered the matter thereon thousands of times 'ere he could arrive at the acme of his hopes. It was thus with Jackson till he met a friend; and "a friend in need," &c.;, the said friend being no other than the editor of the Daily Double Dutchman —one Parsons by name. This gent gave him advice, for that costs nothing—the world is always generous in this respect, and what costs nothing is mostly given with a cheerful heart. Parsons had no clerk--he wanted one, would our hero accept a billet, and try a poem regularly, each week for the paper. Of course he would, and did; for a week after saw himself and the editor of the D. D. D. in close confab together at the Three Clowns, in Old Drury, hatching a poetic egg for the coming festive season. This morceau chanced to make a hit, the paper sold, and money rolled in fast, while the proprietor laughed as he swept the coins from the public hand into his purse. Yes, Jackson was a great man; but he was not yet at the pinnacle. Fame! Why he was only halfway to that interesting spot. There was Moore, and Sam Johnson, Scott, Burns, and By- ron, Carlyle, and Macaulay before him; but he was not to be daunted by the re- port he had heard of their talent; not he! He was young, and sanguine of success. Money was the only drawback to his advancement; consequently he would try to get money—that achieved, the jest would be easy—and then the world would see what a fine work he would bring out. It should be gilt edg'd and blue cover'd, printed on toned paper with only one verse on a leaf, and 365 pages to it; so that it might be seen that the author was a clever man, even by that one particular—his knowledge of the days of the year. All these were aeriel castles, to be realised when once the money was forthcoming. Parents he had none—they had died in the workhouse long ago. No rich uncle on the verge of the grave had his name in his will for a few thousands. All was left to Jackson's ingenuity and perseverance, so he re- solved to keep a shop. When he entered into business he had just five pounds, the proceeds of literary labor. Jackson saw the bright prospect before him, and though still desirous of continuing his contributions to the D.D. paper, press of business prevented his in- dulgence in, what had till then, been a favorite hobby. He engaged a house in a popular thoroughfare, and had a large sign painted, signifying that "bones, bottles, books, and butter-paper were bought and sold there. His name in full, with the words "Curiosity shop," were inscribed over the door. No greater curiosity in that establishment was there however, than Jackson, as he stood in the midst of his "gatherings," when the first twelve months had gone by. Day by day the shop added to its stores; and what with stuffed birds, beasts, reptiles, cases of butterflies, war weapons from New Zealand and Australia, tea bottles from China, old coins, and old literature, there was as heterogeneous a collection as might be met with anywhere. Our hero was now a man of mark, and attended sales, where his bidding was taken prior to any one else's. There was a mysterious understanding between him- self and the knights of the hammer, so that he got things cheap. Things that could not be sold elsewhere always found a place at Jackson's. A broken coal scuttle, a frying pan and a warming pan without handles, a fractured or dilapida- ted lamp, a chair minus legs, a broken winded clothes-horse, a safe, propped up to keep it steady, were articles found at the Curiosity Shop; they seemed to be- long to it, for as years glided by they oc- cupied the same places. Thus the house was filled from attic to cellar, and the cry was still "they come." At last there was room for no more, and yet Jackson was not content; the gathering went on, brisk as ever, for business could not stop or stick at trifles. The Curiosity Shop was now the great- est exhibition of its kind. It opened early, and was thronged with customers all day long. Buying and selling went on hotter than before; till one morning, to the surprise of all London, especially frequenters of the establishment, it did not open. What was up? Was Jack- son ill, or dead? Had he gone insolvent or cleared out for Fiji? Had he shifted his goods in the night? Curiosity was rife as to the interruption of business in that emporium of oddities. Saucy boys sat on the steps, and shouted, hallo'd and flung stones at the windows without ob- taining a reply to tho query of "What's up?" Gents who had befriended Jack- son at his outset in life were there, and the editor of the D. D. D. was trying to force his way into the old place; auc- tioneers with their clerks, men who had "done" bills for him, waited without in cabs. Jews who had bought merchan- dise of him the day previous were there. "Vish I may tie, if the feller ain't bolted" says one. "Dis comes of being too goot to the Christians," ejaculated a second Israelite. "He 'ave sheeted me of von pound worf of carpot," chimes in a third. The sun rose high in the heavens, 12 o'clock came, and still no Jackson; the beer-boy had brought the regular quart for lunch, but the absence of his old cus- tomer, made him return to the inn with the quartern untouched. The windows of the old Curiosity Shop blinked like eyes in the morning sun, and seemed laughing at the folly of the crowd gath- ered round. At last, just as one univer sal resolve took possession of the assem- bly--the resolve to "move on," a sound of wheels was heard, a hansom cab dashed up to the door, and Jackson, ac- companied by a blushing damsel appear- ed. It was all right then, and he had not gone off in debt! Nothing of the kind, he had merely got married. Cries of joy echoed from the group round the door as they made way for his entry into the house. Of course everybody knew it, or rather expected it. Jackson had felt lonely by himself among the curiosities his house contained. Mermaids he had in stock, but they were stuffed; a real live flesh and blood wife was what he wanted, and having obtained one there was little doubt now double the quantity of busi- ness would be done; added to which he would ensure comforts to which he had long been a stranger. Marriage, however, brought additional expenses and cares, and though he scraped and saved to at- tain independence, Fortune was chary of her favours. One day he made a hit. Shakespeare tells us "There is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken at the flood, &c.;" (I don't know what makes me quote proverbs!) Jackson had pur- chased everything that one could well conceive as being offered for sale, and his shop might have served as counter- part of Don Quixote's, so strange was its material, so varied the curiosities. He had long given up searching for any- thing new, till chance one morning re- vealed to him at George Robins' sale rooms a novelty for sale. It was a Mummy, a veritable Egyptian Mummy, and, as the auctioneer remarked, "had probably talked with Memphis or the Pharoahs, centuries ago, on the banks of the Nile." Our hero had read of the fix a certain individual had got into by purchasing an elephant; but that— be it known—was alive, and was troubled with an enormous appetite; the article now for sale was dead—inani- mate, an antiquity which would cost nothing to keep. It was as great a "curio" as any in the British Museum to be had for money, and he would pur- chase it. The bidding ran high, though it was but a Mummy; bones that had been mates with Solomon or Sesostris, were too valuable to be knocked down for a few pence; and a decent, respec- tablo "hypogrif" of the kind was not found every day. The bidding grew fast and furious, but at last, at £55, the object was proclaimed to be the property of Jackson. Fifty-five pounds! and only for a heap of bones and rubbish, a painted sepulchre of rubbish and dust. Who says that fools and their cash are not soon parted? A thousand things may be bought in London for money; but a mummy, good lord! 'tis something incomprehensible! The facetitious auctioneer complimented our hero, and stated that it was a bar- gain, adding that "the original owner, a merchant, had died on the passage home, and as this had formed part of his effects, the captain of the ship, an East Indian trader, to whom he owed money, had taken the mummy in part payment." Thus Jackson came into possession of the greatest curiosity in his shop; a real well-conditioned mummy; an individual not to be sneezed at; the sight of which will last a life time. He conveyed his purchase home, exhibited it a few weeks, and then placed it upstairs in a back attic with other things inanimate, and for- gotten. One circumstance he noticed— it was very heavy; the Egyptians, he had heard, were small, light men; was this an exception to the rule? Be this as it may, he could not rid himself of vague suspicions relative to the article he had purchased. Was it a genuine being, a dead body, or something got up to sell? At an early day he intended to investi- gate the matter; business however, intruded, and the mummy was soon forgotten. The premises were too small for the curiosities now; there was no getting in or out of doors, no opening windows blockaded with literature; in fact, every room was filled to overflowing. Jackson would fain have made a change, but he knew not how; moving elsewhere would only have increased his difficulties. All the poetry he had ever possessed or deemed his own manufacture had vanished in the common-place every-day business of money making. The busts of Shakes- peare, Dryden and Pope were not regarded with the veneration he once felt towards them; the feeling generated in a mind untouched by the possession of great gains, was a very different one to that actuating its motives now. Literature was all well enough for those who liked it; as for Jackson, he had grown so miserly, that had a decent price been offered for the bones of his reputed grand- sire, John Milton the poet, he would have ventured to procure them. His wife was a type of himself, with an eye to business, ever ready to "turn a penny;" adept at bargains, she was well adapted to her partner, and proved a helpmate of no common kind. Lucky Jackson! Happy wife, to have no family! Thus ten years glided by; and the mummy had grown grey with dust; it was now located some- where among the old lumber at the far- thermost corner of the garret, and was probably thinking of Cheops, the Pyra- mids, Athens, and other matters con- nected with the great Past. Once it had been the companion of kings, waited on by a retinue of servants; here it was merely an article, for which fifty-five pounds had been paid. That garret was never cleaned out; nobody ever thought of that, in the hurry to make money. Jackson had long since given up the portion of business connected with bones and bottles, and his stock-in-trade of these had given place to something more valuable. Books, old and new, with and without covers, lay there in heaps; theology, law, and physic, mingled with flat irons, toastingforks, and toys, and all one did not want, was there found in abundance. The place was a perfect asylum of oddities, an emporium of an- tique commodities. I have stated, our hero was getting rich; but he did not bank his money, he merely stored it away in out of the way places, the least likely to be sought by thieves. Banks might fail, but his house would not; and added thereto was the satisfaction of occasionally counting it over. Night was the time chosen for this interesting occupation; and a picture worthy of Reubens might have been obtained by any artist who had chanced to peer in on the miser and his wife as they sat dropping piece by piece of gold into the drawer prepared for its reception, their gaze rendered wild and ghastly by the rushlight shedding a ca- daverous glare about the apartment. One night Mrs J., not feeling well, had retired to rest early, leaving her husband at the old spot, the attic room, counting his cash. Without the house the winds went by, shrieking super- natural sounds, and making our hero's heart tremble. A sudden gust blew the tattered fragment of an old dress hang- ing before the broken panes towards the light, the frail article caught fire, and ere the terror- stricken man could re- cover himself, imparted its blaze to other goods of similar material. Jackson could not stir, he was spell-bound; and it was not until the fire began to scorch his face that he was able to reach the stairs, down which he fled with more than usual haste. The chamber of his wife reached, it took extraordinary exer- tion to arouse the sleeper, and when he did so the whole of the upper story was in flames. All attempts to reach the burning rooms were vain, he raved, tore his hair and cursed his ill-stars, (pity he had not visited a fortune-teller before the event!) but it availed nothing, and he was compelled much against his desire to beat a retreat to the street without saving any of his cherished possessions. Fire-engines and escapes were then novelties in the metropolis, so that the flames made a good headway ere a hand was raised to stay their progress. Spec- tators, however, arrived by thousands, curiosity led multitudes to witness the downfall of the curiosity shop, and the ruin of Jackson. What a pile of literary gems were destroyed there, what an em- pire of talent ''went to pot" at that fire; what merciless destruction of pots, kettles, pans, sofas, chairs, tables, clocks, and bedsteads. Oh it was pitiful, and yet nobody could help it. No lives lost! this fact once established who cared for chattels and such rubbish! Two illus- trious individuals were looking on, and suggested to the rest, the propriety of endeavouring to save "something." Surely it was unfeeling to stand there gaping, and not trying to rescue the goods from the devouring element. The crowd alternately laughed and cheered as these two worthy's (I forget their names) dashed forward, mounted a lad- der, and reached the garret before men- tioned. There was a great blaze within and part of the floor had fallen; most of the articles were burning, and seemed unworthy to be saved. A mass stood in the corner, a something covered with dust, looking like a ghost in the light from that wild vortex of flames. It was the Mummy yet remained untouched by fire. A couple of steps reached it; a moment more and the daring companions had the satisfaction of seeing it safe out- side the house, and lowered by ropes to the ground. They could save no more, and had great difficulty in descending in safety. Next morning a heap of black- ened ruins marked the spot known as the "Curiosity Shop." Nothing save the Mummy had escaped the wreck of house- hold gods. Well might the Jacksons regard the scene of their misfortunes with unfeigned sorrow, for they were uninsured, and totally ruined. And the Mummy—yes, the ''thing" which had cost a goodly sum, who would buy it? Faugh! the very name savors too much of antiquity, , and the ------- British Museum. * * * * * * It is a week after the fire, and the Jacksons are in lodgings; they have visi- ted the ruins repeatedly, but few articles of any value have turned up, and the notes and gold in the house at the time of the catastrophe seem to have found their way into other hands. To-day he has been sitting at home musing on his misfortunes and thinking of the Mummy. To think is to act with Jackson,--he wastes no time over it, and a plan formed long since, is now to be carried out. His wife assists him, and the task begins— the Mummy is being operated on; band- age after bandage has been unrolled— three large rolls of cloth have been taken off, and still they go unwinding as before. That Mummy has some good in him, surely; the end of the bandage is reached, what next! A long box, similar to a violin case appears; key they have none, but its lock in neither Chubb's or Bra- man. A stout knife causes it to yield. and all they want is before them------ * * * * * * A month after the occurrences above related, the Jacksons set sail, first cabin passengers, for Australia. They appeared well off, and spoke of the death of a rich relative at the Antipodes, who had left them heirs to his property. Whether this be true I know not, but this I be- lieve, that the substance found in the Mummy was the true cause of their ac- cession to wealth. There is now another Curiosity Shop on the old site, but Thompson does not keep it; he lives at his ease on his farm on the Macquarie River, New South Wales. The traveller who owned the Mummy, probably "in- wented" it, as thE most unlikely place to be sought by thieves, and unfortunately died ere he was able to make known the secret of its contents. [To be continued.] : Hollowat's Film.— DisorHorail Stomaah.— Wlio onn with oerlninty predict tlio ullimstp i«su8 of a disordered stomaoh if itbo ncelectpd t F vor, diarrhoss and oven oholera, nro too ofton tlio : penalties of sooh - n»gleot. It should be overywlmre . known that Hollo way '8 Pills eftWunlly prevent thcio diia»lrounoon«Kqti»no»s. Thi- purifying mndioina shonlil be tnten at onoe, to stem the : formidable sjmptoms, or tlio opportunity Jof doinir so mny ba lent for ever, and a fntr dnyi' dolny even mivbe fatal. E»ol- ?ueoeedine.doHa leraHunlly r^nulntps t he stnmnoh , livor sn-l bowels. When the weather is sultry the system we»ken«d, and nvilnris ahunditnt, the diireatiun. and its organs should be kept in onler by treatment so simple, ret so productive of oomfort, security, and strength. ' BRiiKBtT, Sep., 1869.— acntlemon, I feel it a duty I owe to you to exprrs* my gratitude for the creat beni-flt I have derivcil by taking ' Morton's Camomilo Pills.' I npplio.t to your agent) Mr. Bell, Borkrly, for tho i-bi)ve-n*merl PilU, for wind in the storaanh, from wliirh J ?ulTered etcruoioting p«in for a length nf timf, itving tri»d nearly every remedy, perioriberi, but without derivine any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of'your^.yaluabli) Pills .. I was quit* nstored to mr uiual'.alatn of health. Plpssc give this pub'irity fur th'^beneflt of those who niay ho thus nfllint^l.— I-im, Sir, yours truly; Hbwbv Allpabb.— To the Prooriotoraof Noktos'8 Cahouilb Pills.'. .' 