RIP VAN WINKLE. a posthumous wbitiko of mbdbicu knic1u2rbockeh. Uj "Woden, God of Giirow, whence Comes WensJaj, that is WodcMday, Truth is a thing that ever I will kejp Cnto thylke day in which I crecp into Ify sepulchre——— CistTfxionT. Whoever has made a voyage up the Hudson must remember the Kaatskil! mountains. They are a dismembered branch of the great Appalachian family, and aye seen away to the west of the river, swelling up to a noble height, and lording it over the surrounding country. Every change of season, every change of ■weather, indeed every horn- of the day, produce some chango in the. magical hues ajjS'shapes of these mountains, and they gje regarded by all the good wives, far and near, as perfect barometors. When the weather is fair and settled, they are clothed in blue and purple, and print their bold outlines on the clear evening sky f but sometimes, when the rest of the landscape is cloudless, they will gather a hood of grey vapours about their summits which, in the last rays of the setting sun, will glow Bad light up like a crown of glory. At the foot of these fairy mountains, ile voyager may have descried the light smoke curling up from a village, whose shingle-roofs gleam among the trees, just Wliefcethe blue tints of the upland melt away into the fresh green of the nearer landscape. It is a little village of great • antiquity, having been founded by some of the Dutch colonists, in the early times of the province just about the beginning of the government of the good Peter Stuyvesant, (may he rest in peace!) and there were some of the houses of the ori ginal settlers standing witbin a few years, built of small yellow bricks brought from Holland, having latticed windows and gable fronts, surmounted with weather cocks. In the same village, and in one of these very houses (which, to tell the precise truth, was sadly time-worn and weather beaten), there lived many years since, while the country was yet a province of Great Britain, a simple good- natured follow, of the name of Rip Van Winkle. He was a descendant of the Van Winkles who figured so gallantly in the chivalrous days of Peter Stuyvesant, and accom panied him to the seige of Fort Christina. Ho inherited, however, but little of the martial character of his ancestors. I have observed that he was a simple good-na tured mtn; he was, moreover, a kind neighbour, and an obedient hen-pecked husband. Indeed, to the latter circum stance might be owing that meekness of spirit which gained him such universal popularity; for those men are most apt to "bo obsequious and conciliating abroad, who are, .under the discipline of shrews at home. , Their: tempers, doubtless, are rendered pliant and malleable in the fiery furnace of domestic tribulation, and a curtain lec ture is worth all the sermons in the world for teaching the virtues of patience and long-suffering. A termagant wife may, therefore, in some respects, be considered a tolerable blessing; and if so, Hip Van Winkle was thrice blessed. . Ctertain it is, that he was a great favo rite among all the good wives of the village, who, as usual with the amiable aex, took his part in all family squabbles; and never failed, whenever they talked those matters over in their evening gossi P™®?',*0 lay the blame on Dame Van Winkle. The children of the village, too, •would shout with joy whenever he ap proached. He assisted at their sports, made their playthings, taught* them to fly kites and shoot marbles, and told'-them long atones of ghosts, witched, and In dians.. Whenever, he went dodging about the village, he was surrounded by a troop ot them, hanging on their shirts, cl&nber; lng on his back, and playing a thousand tricks on him with impunity; and not a og would bark at him throughout the neighbourhood. The great error in Rip's composition was an insuperable aversion to all kinds of profitable labour. Itcouldnotbe from e want of assiduity or perseverance: for he would sit on a -wet rock, with a rod as long and hea-vy as a Tartar's lance, and ,, ir, 7 y^'kout a murmur, even i though he should not be encouraged by a! single nibble. He would carry afowling pieoe on his shoulder for .hours together, trudging' through woods and swamps, and up hill and down dale, to thoot a few-: squirrels or wild pigeons. He would never refuse to ssist a neighbour even in the roughest toil, and was a foremost man at all. country frolics for husking Indian com, or building stone fences ; the women of the village, too, used to employ liim to run their .errands, and to do such little odd jobs as their less obliging husbands would not do for them.—In a word, Hip was ready to attend to any body's business but his own; but as to doing family duty, and keeping his fami in order, he found it impossible. In fact, he declajed it was of no use to work on his farm; it was the most pesti lent little piece of ground in the whole country; everything about it went wrong and would go wrong, in spite of him. His fences were continually falling to pieces ; his cow would either go astray, or got among the cabbages ; "weeds were sure to grow quicker in his Holds than any where eke ; the rain always made a point of setting in just as he had some out-door .work to do; so that though his patrimo nial estate had dwindled nway under his management, acre by acre, until there was little more left than a mere patch of Indian corn and potatoes, yet it was the worst conditioned farm in the neighbour hood. His children, too, were as ragged and wild as if they belonged to nobody. His son Rip, an urchin begotten in his own likeness, promised to inherit the habits, with the old clothes, of his father. He was generally seen trotting like a colt at his mother's heels, equipped in a pair of his father's cast-off galligaskins, which he had much ado to hold up with one hand, as a fine lady does her train in bad weather. Rip Van Winkle, however, was one of those happy mortals, of foolish, well- oiled dispositions', who take the world easy, cut white bread or brown, whichever an be got with least thought or trouble, ami would rather starve on a penny than work for a pound. 'If .left to himself, he would have whistled life away in pei-fect con tentment; but his wife kept coiftinually dinning in his ears about his idleness, his carelessness, and the ruin he was bringing 011 liis family. Morning. noon; and night., her tongue w;ts incessantly going, and every tiling he said or did w;ts ifire to produce a torrent of household oloqiiencc. Rip had but one way of replying to nil lectures of the kind, and that, by frequent use, kid grown into a habit, lie shrug ged his shoulders, shook his head, cast up his eyes, but said nothing. This, however always provoked a fresh volley from his wifo; so that he was fain to draw olf his forces, and tike to the outside of tin: house—the only Hide wldch, in truth, be longs to a hen-pecked husband. Rip's sole domestic adherent was his dog Wolf, who was as much hen-pecked as his master; for Dame Van Winkle Regarded them as companions in idleness, and even looked upon Wolf with an evil eye, as the cause of his master's going so often astray. True it is, in all points of spirit befitting an honourable dog, he was as courageous an animal as ever scoured the woods—but what courage can with stand the ever-during and all-besetting terrors of a woman's tongue ? The mo ment Wolf entered the house his crest fell his tail drooped to the ground or curled between his legs, he sneaked^bout with a gallow's air casting a sidelong glance at Dame Van Winkle, and at the leasi. flourish of a broomstick or ladle, he would fly to the door with yelping precipitation. Times grew worse and worse with llip Van Winkle as years of matrimony rolled on; a tayt temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use. For a long while he used to console him self, when driven from home, by frequent ing a kind of perpetual club of the sages, philosophers, and other idle personages of .the villages ; wlrich held its sessions, on a bench before a small inn, designated by a rubicund portrait of his Majesty George the Third. Here they used to sit in the shade of a long lazy summer's" day, talk ing listlessly over village gossip, or telling endless sleepy stories about nothing. But it would have been worth any stateman's money to have heard the profound dis cussions that sometimes took place,! when .by chance an old newspaper fell into j their hands from some passing traveller, j How solemnly they would listen to the contents, as drawled out by Derrick Van Bummel, the schoolmaster, a dapper learn ed little man, who«was not to be daunted by the most gigantic word in the diction arv : and how sagely they would dclibo-. rata upon public events sonic mouths :ifter they bad taken place. ] The opinions, of this junto were com-1 pletcly controllod by Nicholas Vedder, a patriarch of the village, and landlord of, .the inn, at tli#door of which bo took hisj seat from morning till niglxt, just moving | sulfisicntly to avoid the sun and keap in j the shade of a large tree : bo that the i neighbours could toll the hour by his j movements as accurately as by a sun-dial. j It is true, he was rarely heard to speak, | but smoked Lis pipe incessantly. llis j adherents, however, (for every pre.it man has liis adherents), perfectly understood him, and knew how to gather hia opinions When any thing that was rc.nl or relsited displeased him, he was observed to .smoke vehemently, and to send forth f;boi:ii. fre quent and angry pull's *, but when pleased, lie would inhale the smoke f lowly :uid; I tranquilly, and emit it in light »»nd placid | I clouds; and sometimes taking the pipe from his mouth, md letting tlie fraurant vapour curl about his nose, would pravoly nod his head in token of pcrfect approba tion. From even this strong hold the unlucky Rip was at buttii routed bv his termagant i wife, who tt o ild suddenly break in upon the trancju. it/ of the assemblage, and call the members all to naught; nor was that ou just personate, Nicholas Vedder liitu f tl', sacred from the diring tongue of this terrible virago, who charged him outright with encouraging her husband in liabits of idleness. Poor Rip was at last reduced almost to despair; and his only alternative, to escape from the labour of the farm and clamour of his wife, was to take gun in j hand and stroll away into the woods. Here he would sometimes seat himself at the foot of a tree, and share the contents of .his wallet with Wolf, with whom he j sympathised as a fellow-sufferer in perse cution. " Poor Wolf,", lie would way, " thy mistress leads thee a do^'s life of it; but never mind, my lad' v.hilst I live thou f-halt never want a friend to ::tand by thee Woll' would was! his tail, look wistfully in his r.iartovY. fice, ami if do»s can foil pity, I verily believe lie recipro cated the sentiment with all his heart. In a 1 o■ j;_>■ ramble of the kind on a line autumnal day, liip had unconsciously scramble I to oue of the hi»Wt parts of the K^'itekill mountains. Ho was after hi* favourite sport of .vquinvl shooting, aud the still solitudes had echoed and re-" echoed with the reports of his gun. Panting and fatigued, lie threw himself, lute in the afternoon, on a (.-refin knoll, c ivi red witli mountain herbage, that c;o« neil the. broff of a precipice. From an oneinn'.' bfitween the trct'S he could o.'etlo ilr all the lower country for many a mile of rich wood)pud. He- saw at a dis tance the lordly Ilndion, far, far below him, moving on it", silent but majcstic course, with the reflection of a purple dbud, or the sail of a lacking bark, here and there sleeping on its lilassy bosom, and at last losing itself in the blue high lands. On the other side he lociked down into a deep mountain izk-n, wild, lonely and j shajrged, the bottom filled with fragments j from the impending cliffs, and scarcely lighted by- the reflected rays of the setting sun. For some time ^Rip lay musing on this scene; eveniwg was gradually advan cing ; the mountains began to throw their lonif shadows over tlje> valleys; lie saw; it tat it would be dark before he could reach the village, and. lie heaveel a deep suh when he thou-j lit of encountering tho terrors of Dame Vs^i Winkle. As he was about to descend, he heard a voice from a distance hallooing, "Rip Van Winkle! Rip Van Winkle !" He looked around, butfcouldsee nothing but a crow wiping its fli«ht across the mountain. He thought his faivry must have deceived hivu, and turned again to descend, when he heard the same cry ring through the still evenin s air, " Rip Van Winkle ! Rip Van Winkle !"—At the same time Wolf bristled up his back, and giving a low growl, bulked to Ids master's side, look ing fearfully down into the glen. Rip now felt a vague apprehension stealing over liim; he , looked anxiously in the direction, nn i perceived a strange figure slowing toiling up t^e rocks, and bendiii" under the vtei-'lit of something he carried on his back. He was surprised to sec any human being in this lonely and unfre quented place, but supposing it to be «oiu6 one of#the ncaahbourhood in need of his assist at) ce^he hastened down to yield it. , On nearer .approach lio .was still more surprised at tiie singularity^ of the stranger's apptrraitc?. JT«? iv;>a o ■ square-built old fcl ow, uif h thick 'liair, aiid a ^rLizled beajd. His (irft.s « ;.s of the antique Dutch f,if.hutu-—a clutM jerkin strapped round the waist— -several pair of bivwches, the outer ouc of amp"'1 volume, decorated with rows of buttons down tlie sidi\s. and bunches at tiie kuor*. He bore on his shoulder a utout kn^, thivi seemed full of liquor, iiud made si^ns f >r Rip to approach a-.d assist him with the load. Though rather shy arid distrust f.ii of this t.cv acquaintaiiiey, llip eompljoi with his usaial alacrity; and rnulii:J!y. relieving c.ich other, they cham bered up - a narrow pully, :vj)pnre>'U v the dry bod of a mountain rorreia. As they aso^wied, Rip every now uiw' then heard Ijng rolling peals, like distal tliundt'r, that seemed to isLue out of a deep ravine. or rather cleft, between lofty rocks toward which <htir Jfiiirced path conducted Ue paused for an instant, but supposing it to be the muttering of one of thoKn transient - thutidei'-showors which oftf'it fcike p1aee iu mountain heights, he pro ceeded. Passing through the ravine, they came to a kb'.low like a small amphitheatre-, bu'rroundeil by perpendicular precipices;-, ovtr the brinks of which ixnpcndiii;: ir«K shot their branches, so that.you only caufiht jjlimpscB of the azure nky ai.d th" bright eveninji cloud. Burma thfi vrhok lime Rip and his companion had laboured oh in silence; foe though thc/oraier mar velled greatly what could be the object of carrying a keg of liquor up this wild moun tain, yet there vra&Komethiiig; strange and incomprehensible about the unknown, thai inspired awe and checked familiarity^ To Id Continual. 