When tbe motion of Mr. Wrixon, anent the representation of the people, first saw daylight, we should have thought the reception given to it would have been sufficient to cause its abandonment. However, it is not so, for Jlr. Wrixon insists on wasting the time of the Legis lature in discussing his scheme. We entertain a great respect for tbe member for Belfast as a rising politician, bat he has his crotchets, aad this is one of them. The notice of motion was given so long ago, that we had better disentomb ? it, which we accordingly proceed to do as follows : — That tbelawnotr in force fortbe election of mem bers to serve in tbe Legislature fails to secure a fair representation of tue whole people in Parliament, and that no mere re adjustment of electoral boun daries irill adequately meet the detects in that law. That the representation of localities is foreign to the principle of manhood suffrage, and moreover, by the special dotiesandobl&ationeto; each locality ttiat it impoeeE upon members, taken in conjunc tion with the power of the Government over the expenditure from the general revenue for local par poses, lias a reodancy to impair the position of the representative, and to endanger the true character of parliamentary representation. That the defects in theexistinElaw would, in the opinion of this House, be most effectually dealt with and the principle of our suffrage best carried out by tbe adoption of a system nnder which representa tion would not beconfined to localities, bat members would be returned to Parliament by tbe votes of an equal number of electors from wherever throughout tlie country obtained. We are quite with Mr. Wrixon in his opening assertion that the law now in force fails to secure a fair representation of the whole people, but we are entirely at issue with him as to the remedy pro posed. Often enough we have pointed out the anomaly of close boroughs, with a population a little over 300, returning one member, when large constituencies with 4000 electors have also oue member apportioned to them. A good deal of quackery has been talked about Hare's system and the representation of minori ties, bnt circumstances alter cases, and the attempt to fit all communities with one electoral system, reminds usofthe conduct of Procrustes, who insisted that all his lodgers should be made to fit one beads tead, by playfully stretching them on the rack if they were too short, or lopping off their lower limbs if they were too talL What -Victoria wants is decentralisation, and what Mr. Wrixon suggests is to centralise more than ever. To place the whole colony in one constituency, as he recommends, would be to stifle what little share of representation tbe country districts now enjoy, and to give to Mel bourne a greater preponderance than ever. The metropolis contains more than one-fifth the population of the colony, but if Mr. Wrixon's plan were carried out, it would obtain at least three-fourths of the representation. No toriety would then become the chief qualification to ensure success at an election, and no new man would ever have a ghost of a chance. All the old fogies of the colony would come to the surface, and along with them would be associated adventurers of the G. E. .[ones stamp, possessing more brass than brains. Candidates who desired to enter the Legislature for the first time would need to expend an immense sum in stumping the whole country in order to make themselves known, and if they were to be allowed a fair chance of addressing the electors, it would be necessary to bold an hundred or an handled and fifty meetings, which would ocenpy them from four to six months. Now, t&is; is an incpnFenience which is already pro minent in the case of the Upper Souse elections. Candidates for the six elec toral provinces find it impossible' fo hu»tcl us uiBuuxuc HI me BiOIX tUDe allowed between the nomination and the polling, and a recent contested election for one of the provinces is said to have ^J the successful man £3000. The consequence of this is, -?a& at the biennial elections, nearly ail the old members are returned time after time irilhont opposition, and, virtually, they irojoy » monopoly «f ft? feats in the Upper House for the term of their natural lives. This is the state of things Mr. Wrixon wishes tojintroduce in the representation of flie Assembly, and not only bo, bat he would intensify tbe evil sixfold, by having one constituency in stead of six, as in the case of the Elec toral provinces. It is lucky for Mr. Wrixon that his favourite system was not in existence three years ago, for at that-time he him self was an unknown man in political life, and most assuredly he would never have come to the fore had his election depended npon the knowledge possessed of him by the whole of the electors in the colony. Instead of carrying ont his principles by going before the largest constituency he could find, Mr. Wrixon chose the smallest in the colony, or at any rate, the smallest bnt one. Doubt less, in making this selection, he was influenced by the opinion that a new aspirant for Legislative honours stood a better chance in offering himself for a country electorate than he would do by facing the protectionist mobs of Mel bourne, where he resided. We contend that the continual rearing of young poli ticians, who may some day develope into statesmen to rule the colony in the future, should be part of our educational system. Beginning at the lowest step of the ladder, our colonial youth enter the Common Schools. When they have be come sufficiently advanced, the University exhibitions are open to them. But their training does not end when they leave the school or college. In a democratic community individuals have a duty to perform to the State. Men are wanted to act as committee-men of charitable and other institutions, as] Borough Coun cillors and Shire Councillors — as Mayors, Presidents, and Magistrates — as Legis lators, Ministers of the Crown, and Judges. As every soldier in Napoleon's army was said to carry a field-marshall's b&ion; in his knapsack, so every citizen in this community has a right to aspire to the best offices the State has to bestow. Under Mr. Wrixon's system, local men, who had worked themselves up by steady gradations, and were quali fied to make good Parliamentary repre sentatives, would find a barrier opposed to their praiseworthy ambition. Such men might be highly respected in the com munities where they were known, and might be chosen unanimously by such communities to a seat in Parliament. But if a local man who is popular, say at Belfast, has to gain the concurrence of the people of Gipps Land, the Murray, the Loddon, the Wimmera, the large gold- fields, the metropolis, and all the other districts throughout the colony, before he can be elected to Parliament, he tag not the shadow oi a chance of ever entering public life. Thus one of the most desirable objects of free institutions, the bringing forth of a continual crop of young public men, would be set aside, and we could expect nothing but effete instead of vigorous legislation. Mr. Wrixon himself, we repeat, is a living refutation of his own theory, for he has to thank the existing system of local electoral districts for his seat in Parliament, for his political fame, such as it is, and for his £300 a year. There is another view of the question which is no less important than the edu cation of onr public.men, and that is the ensuring of good government. Already the complaint is continually made, that the country districts are drained of their revennes for the beautification of the metropolis, and the aggrandisement and placation of the people of the gold-fields. Matters would be ten times worse under Mr. Wrixon'a system, for nearly the whole of our 78 members would be Mel bourne men, or people identified with the great gold-fields. Popular discontent would then rnn higher than ever, and we should not be far from anarchy. Some people affect to believe that it might be a good thing to try Mr. Wrixon's prescription to a limited extent — that is to say, elect a fourth or a third of the whole number of members, upon the basis of throwing the colony into one constituency. We demur to this entirely. We say the principle is unsound as ap plied to the circumstances of this colony, and we have given our reasons. What is true of the concrete, is also true of the abstract Every elector in the land is entitled to a certain political weight and influence in the government of the coun try, and whatever takes away a portion of that power and bestows it npon a par ticular class, is an act of injustice. The city mobs would virtually hold the power of dictating to the rest of the colony, and they would consequently monopolise whatever proportion of the representa tion was withdrawn from the local elec torates. 