IS SOUTHn AJ&S3ER4I-lA;:f A COAL-? T BEARING OOtJNTRY ? ! In making an investigation into tiie above query, it is necessary to state a few facts regarding the origin of cpaL r 1\. Durmgthe formation,; of -the, series of rocks immediately: underiryiag : the coal: measures,' namely^ the Dev-bjaian , or pld red sandstone, th$ earth .seems to.fhav^ been comparatively av; 'barren .w^ste/. But the atmospheric agencies, now at' work would decompose the surface of-^e rock, forming coarse soil, and vegetation would commence; 'the earth would bring forth grass,' coarse masses 'of grass tree* ferns. and fern tree, and all such vegetable growth, whose work in the great laboratory of nature seems to be to -»llect and fine down into -a state fit for the growth of plants requiring a finer soil, the ingredients of the rocky matter abraded by atmospheric agency, which having collected by their growth., they distribute by their decay as fine soil— -soil that, during the formation of the coal measures, vwas to play such an important' part in producing the dense masses of vegetation needed for the f or- mation of coalbeds. Let us now review ? ?the circumstances under which^coalbeds : seem to have been formed. ? ,. : . Wear the coast line we should see vast areas of low lying land forming great estuaries, fringed by swampy lagoons, flanked by hills of crystalline schist— granitei and older Palaeozoic (showing! ancient life) rocks ; between the hills and ' lagoons; would lie immense flats, covered by dense tropical growth, subject to periodical inundation .[from river floods, which would carry down year by year' large quantities of trees, tree ferns, monstrous, tree mosses, and all the rank growth of the flats. These masses of vegetation- after having drifted beyond the turbulent river flood, would float quietly into; the clear water of the swamps, where they would settle, down free from mud and silt. Flood after flood 'would carry idown and deposit its freight, until, by a volcanic outburst, a heavy flow of lavic mud came down and buried the whole coast-line ; thus through long ages would seam after seam be formed, and buried. Forests buried in, situ forming thin seams of coal or of coal and shale, according to the density of their growth, loose drift vegetation buried- in mud forming shale and- car boniferous fossils, while the great masses of vegetation deposited in the swamps free from £ilt and mud would form the rtrue beds of workable coal. The mineralization of the vast beds of vegetable matter that now form coal appears to have been caused by decom position. Thus, if we pile up any vege table matter in a moist state in sufficient quantity to cause considerable pressure, as in a large hayrick, we shall find it will heat (to use a plain term) to such an ex tent as to char large quantities of the in terior of the rick. If air is admitted it immediately bursts into flame. TM3 is not often exemplified in th'is country ; but in England I have seen it carried to such an extent as to completely destroy the fibre and to change the hay into a soft, spongy, black mass, in cases where combustion has been prevented by ex cluding the air. This, same process, car ried on under the pressure of overlying strata, where both the access of air and the escape of gas would be prevented, would result in a bituminous coal ; if a considerable escape of gas had been pos sible, anthracite, resembling compressed coke, would result ; if only a partial escape of gas 'had occurredj a free burn ing — that is, a free, hard, splintery' coal that burns without caking — would have re sulted. That the formation of coal is not due to heat from volcanic sources is shown by seams being sometimes par tially, sometimes wholly, destroyed where cut through by volcanic dykes. Towards the close of the carboniferous period great volcanic disturbance seems to have taken place ; as is shown by the various dykes, dislocations or faults, denudations, and upheavals and depressions of laud that are so frequent in all mining districts ; of ten tilting up on edge and exposing to view seams and strata which had been buried thousands of feet. During the formation of the various geological divi sions, following the carboniferous, up to the Tertiary, many partial upheavals and depressions took place, but with a ten dency to general subsidence, as is shown by the occurrence of Tertiary fossils of marine origin in greatly elevated posi tions, showing that these now elevated portions of the earth were during the Tertiary period submerged in the sea. During the subsequent upheaval of land to its present elevation, vast denu dations have taken' place. In many countries whole series have completely disappeared, others have left merely traces (comparatively) of their once great extent. Let us now consider the great physical features of Australia. A long but not lofty chain of mountains runs along the eastern coast ; this is in no case a single ridge' of hills for any great distance, but a broad tract of elevated ground, from which rise many mountain ranges of various size,, character, and extent. A continuation of this -chain northwards can be traced to Caps York ; thence across ^Torres Straits by a line of granite islands to New. Guinea ; southwards to the head of the Murray ; thence south-, eastwards, this chain, can be traced to Wilson's Promontory, the most soiitEerly point of Australia ; thence by a'line/ of granite islands across Bass's Straits to Tasmania. Great spurs strike out on either hand, running ' east and south-east to the coast, and westwards towards the-interior of the; country; ? j jGne . of these '? spurs equals in magni tude the main chain from which it divides in: about lat 23° S. in the Queensland - country. ; whence passing westward it becomes xne great central aaouni-aia ciiain 'of Australia, focming on- the north -side the jSraterBhed of the Tivers* runnnig.tp /the north coast, with great, spurs ?'brajich-; ingTiotrthward and .running fco'.tli© coast, -forming, dividing : ranges between . -the: rivers ;v holding, its course *? westward- -to1 :the western coastV-where^branchingtiortn and ; sptfthy -it iofms tb,e Coast . range of Western' Australia. On ±he south .sidA ..thig igreak central spur, leaving- the ; main ichain, forms the northern watershed of the great Murray tributaries, until pass ing westward of the head of the Darling and its western feeders, a great branch spur fttrjfce^aouthward, fqEmingtteSoutll Australian range, which terminates ©n ? the co'^si a,t Cage Jervis. rA: second i great spar, branching front the main chain between the heads of the Murray and Goulburn, forms the Victorian, system of hills ; one branch of tliia systemj forming the dividing range between the iGoulburn and Murray, terminates in the iBeechworth and Yackandandah ? granite '5 the other branches, .forming the south coast range, terminates in the ranges forming the watershed of the Glenelg and Wannon rivers. In no part of this great system of mountain ranges can any one continuous line of hills be traced for a great distance, but by carefully marking the fall of the water a continuous elevated ridge can be traced, from the Glenelg Ranges east wards round the heads of the Goulburn and Murray ; thence northwards past the head of the Murrumbidgee with all its tributaries; north-westwarda round the head of the Liachlan ; west, heading the Darling and all its tributaries ; thence south, along the South Australian range to Cape Jervis, this ridge enclosing a vast horseshoe-shaped valley drained by the Murray rivers. These rranges in their higher parts are all formed of metamorphic rocks, cut through by veins of granite and trap, flanked ;and in parts completely covered by older Palseozoic rocks, while in the other parts, where they dip into low saddles, they are covered by newer Palseozoicand Tertiary rocks ; but in every instance where the axis of such a chain or spur runs out to the coast, whether that coast be the present sea coast or the ancient Murray estuary, it terminates in an extensive development of granite. The similarity in form and composition of all these granite outbursts, denoting one common origin to the whole system of mountain chains, I have above de scribed. All round the present coast line from Queensland to the Glenelg occur patches of lock of the carboniferous series, while the analogy between the southern, eastern, and western coasts seems to be completed by a notice that many years ago the Messrs. Gregory, in lat. 29 ° S., on the western coast, found Palaeozoic rocks and coaL Near Sydney, and for a considerable distance north and south of that place, workable seams of coal are found, and in several places on the Vic torian coast good coal seams have been found, but they have not yet been worked to any great extent. The Sydney coal-field is described as follows : — ' The Sydney sandstone is an extensive formation of great thickness, occupying considerable areas in New South Wales, apparently barren of or ganic remains, but probably of marine origin. This sandstone forms the whole country round Sydney for several miles ; beyond we find a low plain composed for the most part of dark shale, which rests upon the sandstone ; on approaching the Blue Mountains the sandstone rises from beneath the dark shales, and rises gra dually on to the flanks of the hills. Un derneath the sandstone on the flanks of these hills are shales containing beds of coal. These coal beds rise from under neath the sandstone at Bulli, and appear in the cliffs at Wollongong and Ulawarra District, 50=miles south of Sydney. They also appear from underneath the sand stone at the Hunter River, 100 milesnorth of Sydney, where they are worked at New castle. If we cross the Blue Mountains towards Bathurst, we find metamorphic, granitic, and older Palaeozoic rocks rising from beneath the coal measures.' — (By J. Beete Jukes.) Now starting from the southernmost portion of the Sydney coal formation, keeping on the coast fall ot the range, and travelling south- westerly, we pass outcrops of carboniferous rocks, but the formation along this coast is chiefly a recent limestone and sandstone, until we reach the valley of the Latrobe, in Gipps Land — here again we find coal, and at Traralgon in this valley oil shale occurs ; coal is found near Welshpool, in a -bay formed by the projecting granite bluff called Wilson's Promontory, the most southerly point of Australia. Regarding this locality, the Secretary of Mines says — 'The locality where perhaps a search for coal might be prose cuted with the best chance of success is that lying to the north of Welshpool, and between the Franklin and Albert Rivers. Only feeble attempts have been made to test the beds ; and the greatest depth to which the local Coal Committee carried their bore did not exceed, it is said, 96 feet 6 inches. It was reported that at that depth a seam exceeding three feet in thickness had been found.' Going still westwards from this locality, we come to the Cape Paterson coal-beds. Here we have two good seams, the ' Queen,'^ 3 feet 6 inches, and the ' Rock' about the same, with several smaller seams Varying from aJ foot to a few inches in thickness. Passing hence round the shores of Hobson's Bay and Corio Bay to near Geelong,- we find the coal measures again appear; but they are thin and unproductive, as though this were the extreme edge of the de posit, while on going southward towards Cape Otway, we pass country that shows good seams of. coal, though, small, but no work has been done to develop their value. . Leaving Cape Otway, and travelling albn§ the -coast past 'Warr nambopl,; Tower Hill, one of the most^ probably the most — recent v-oicanq in Australia, Belfast, Portland to Nelson, thence Tip : the -? Glerielg to its junction with the Waiiiibfr, we pass over almost entirely recent' limestone j but here we come upon an outcrop of carboniferous rocks underlying the recent limestone at a slight angle, westward towards Mount Gambier,' and : southward ! towards the coast, being distant in direct lines about 38 miles from Mount Gambier, 35 miles from the coast, and about 25 miles from :$if3, boundary beiw.een^ JSputh . Australia and Victoria, .3Ehe carboniferous- rocka at this-- point 'rest nfrtm what Mrv- Selwyn in: 'his4ma!p x shows ;4bj av trap, which . eastward 'Jpiasjnjetaniorpiiic rocks. /'This 1 take M |^ih1l°m|-st westerly, point of tie great sduih. recast . range ; - and the fact of carboniferous rocks existing here proves ?that it is not a vain speculation searching for coal tinder the Murray Tertiaries. Mr. Selwyu gives, as the area of.car feo'niterous -TObk§ i£ the -WaSaon and Let us now considerwhat would have been the appearance of tfiis Murray fcasur prior to the formation of the coal fieries-ewh.en.ijhe land stood -at- an eleva- tion of aboui a thousand feet above its Jjresentieyel— before {he present dreary Sraiste of swamps and sandhills was formed, and' when the great tributaries of the Msrray formed separate rivers. We should have Been a vast horseshoe shapetl area ; bounded on all sides, except the comparatively narrow outlet to the siea, by lof by ranges formed of granite, inetaphoric and older Paleozoic ; rocks, similar to those underlying, the^ Sydney coal-field ; tliis vast area occupied bylong low spurs, forming the , dividing- ranges between the various rivers, and enclosing immense flats teeming with, rank vegeta tion, intersected by large sluggish ^rivers, The rivers, emptying into a, deeply in dented, wide, land- locked, shallow bay, carrying dowfl mud 'and. silt, : would form shallow: lagoons wi^i intersecting mud banks j fit . settLing places; for the vast masses of vegetable matter that would be carried down the .rivers . in floods, and which, would, by being buriedj form coal beds as hefore described. .. ^Suppose that, sinking of the land -and Simultaneous formation of the coal mea sures went on to the extent of 1,200 feet^ Submerging land now at the sea level iio a 'depth of 200 feist, arid in those -places to which river drift had access covering it to that depth with silt, such as in after ages would form carboniferous rocks. We can imagine the bay we have been, con sidering, presenting an appearance similar to the Lbonderbunds at the mouth xjf the Ganges at present. A' vast extent o£ large deep tidal channels and low swampy islands, extending' far inland and out -beyond the present coast liriei' ? If now a period' of vast floods occurred^ accompanied by gradual rising of the land to the extent of about three hun dred feet, great areas of the recently de posited silt would be Washed away and only such portions would be left, in elevated positions, as lay in sheltered 'situations. When we consider that from Gape Jervis the range riiriB northwards to the great central spur, thence the ; spur runs ?east for a long distance past the outlet of %he Bay, thus throwing the bulk of the 'watershed far to the eastward of the out let ; any flood issuing from the Bay would have a tendency to strike towards the western shore, causing slack water on the eastern point and a strong currest sweeping, round the western shore, so that we may expect to find a long spit of carboniferous rocks running: off westerly fom the Glenelg Ranges, and dipping underneath the present Tertiary forma tion, while under the western shore we may look ; for a very; deep channel, at present filled with recent Tertiaries. . ; : ?? After the carboniferous period a season .of : rest seems to have occurred, followed by great: volcanic disturbances, destroying /vegetation on the earth and life along the coast. A second general sinking of the land, accompanied by the simultaneous formation of sandstone to the extent of about . 1,44)0 -feet, now- occurred. That :would accumulate sandstone to the depth of. 1,100 feet on portions f-.ot the joider rocks that had been 100 feet above the influence of the carboniferous drifts, and. will : account for _ patches and. isolated ranges of soft yellow,, white, and red -sandstone, occurring far up in amongst older rocks. : ; : . . Now occurred another vast flood, or cataclysmic era, jduring which whole dis tricts were denuded of the sandstone for mation — the only residue of it remaining, that we at present know of, in the Murray Basin, being the Grampian and 'Victoria Ranges/ and a -continuation of them, shewn by Mount Aripiies, standing out as' an island in the midst of the Tertiaries. ; ?? ?? - J$ow, after' a very long period of rest, during which the great Secondary -forma- tion was being completed in other parts of the world, but which seems to be wanting here, a third subsidence of the land took place, slowly and quietly, accompanied by great seas, in which corals grew .round the. coast, forming limestone, while in estuaries periodical floods would bury the limestone, forming alternate layers of limeatone, calcareous clay or marl, andmixed sand-drift arid clay, such as we now. find- in the Murray estu ary. Since the Tertiary period a gradual elevation of the land has : been,, and is still, taking place ; so we find the Ter tiary gradually emerging into the present formations. In conclusion,^ I may state that, although there, is no evidence to, at present, warrant any party incurring the expense of boring, the -locality is well worthy a careful search. ; I . have found fossils there exactly corresponding with some common in the Kaneegunge coal-field in Bengal, and, in some points, the localities are alike geologically. The. portion of the coal measures ex posed I take to be near the top of the series, but a careful survey -of the district would doubtless bring to light the position and value of the beds. -??..-.? Geo. Wh. Towsssmt. ''' *The A ollpwing is the new list of ex chang© rates within the colony, adopted by all the Banks :—On drafts issued, £ per cent.; on .bills discounted, £ per cent. ; ,«n. bills collected, % per cent; ; on cheques; £50 or under, each 6d. y on cheques, every additional £50 -or part !ifoergof,6df ; on orders, saine as cheques. , Tie Northern Aigy? - states that some one, feebly imitating the pranks of the Marquis of Waterford, has imposed lrimself as a ghost upon a number of timorous and weak-minded 'people in Clare. ' The apparition is described as tall, with an elongated visage, spring heels, and ; several changes of raiment. It prowls about, -dogs jthe . footsteps of unprotected females, knocks at doors, and indulges in divers other ?frea!kB.worth3rji-t tj^e spirit of a rowdy convi ? vialisfc,- out qpori Ms nocturnal rambles. '.Front 'the WaUarooThnes we learn that on Wedriesclay^ evening fast Mr. J. AnthUny, ,7 P., held an inquest; at the Hummo'cks, iipon -the body of Mrs. Dawson; landlady.'©!: the Travellers' fiest3 Hotel, who had died' rather unexpectedly under circumstances -which in duced Dr. Marriott to refuse a certificate a? to the cause of death. * Dr. Robinson, of Kadlna, 'found Hjhat the deceased died of ' strangulate 1 inguinal hernia.' The matter caused' much excitement, as the woman's husband, accord ing to the evidence, had been known to beat his wife, and one of the witnesses bore the mark of a hammer, with which he stated Mr. 'Dswgon had struck him. 