STRAY THOUGHTS; [COSIMUNIOATED.T JtiNQ- AiiPBED the Gbeat, who, some where about the ninth century, distinguished himself in many Ways, particularly ob a harpist and cake baker, considerably added to his fame by intro duoing ' Trial by Jury.' Tho harp is unstrung and tho cokes are consumed, or, in other words) burnt, but the one bright gom in the British Constitution still is the pride of Englishmen, that is, if tho ohanges that havo taken place during the extra nine hundred and odd years, have not, ' from circumstances over whioh he had no control,' slightly altered tho construe he originally intended it to boar. If I had had tho most remote idea that the little episode be tween the foreman of the jury and the presiding judge in the case of the A.J.S. Bank v. Wil braham would have taken place, I Bhould have at once held a seance, hauled up the spirit of King Alfred to the fore, and if possible obtained his opinions upon the attendant circumstances He might, Ithink.veryjustlyhavesaid thatthero had been so many amendments, or otherwise, upon previously amended Acts whioh possibly might have been amendments upon an amend ment on hia own Act — ' that he really couldn't, you know.' It isn't often you catch the gentleman who was foreman of the jury in a fog ; but when you conscientiously, as a. jury man, give your verdict, it is, to say tho leaBt of it, rather startling to be told that, although you believe yourself to be right morally, you are legally wrong ; and that if you find ' it is not ' you are direcled to say ' it is.' It is but a short time ago whon in a complicated case where the jury were directed aa to their verdict, and returned a verdict accordingly — to their horror and surprise found the effect thereof was in entire opposition to their intentions. Withoilt entering into the merits of the caso, the fore man made a manful Btand corroborative of King Alfred's original intentions. Defendant! however, has leave to move ; but suppose he can't, not having the Archimedean lever, tin, or even denarii, which I believe it was called by Great King Al. I fully expect that at the next congregation of Spiritualists, the presence of the Ghost of tho late lamented Alfred will be evinced by not only a destruction of furniture, but a complete cut from all contemporary spirits. It will be in the recollection of our readers that at the last visit of the circus, the band was prevented from playing, by order of the Mayor, through his indefatigable (and seldom to be seen) Inspector of Nuisances; and it will also be remembered that an accident whioh might have been attended with fatal consequences took place during the return procession of the members of the Caledonian Association. There iB an old proverb that ' what is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander,' but in this case the goose didn't see it. A horse was startled (whether reasonably or not we cannot say) by the united aid of several pipers, all playing and dressed in full costume, and as the rider stated, with some show of truth, he lost command of his horse, and four children were' knocked over — without serious injury certainly j but what if there had been ? ? I Bhould have thought that the necessity of stoppage in one case was as great in another, but I suppose it will be the old tale, finding a key for the stable after the horse is stolen, and no doubt it will take a few serious accidents before either rogular or consistent action is taken in the matter. The benevoleut objects of the Caledonian Society would naturally preserve them from the imputation of wishing in the slightest degree to endanger the lives of their fellow-citizens, and they would have readily dis pensed with their musio if the matter had been properly represented to them. Apropos of the Inspeotor, I'm afraid the Cor poration are very niggardly in not allowing him sufficient men to remove the intolerable nuisance of the perambulating cows, horses, and goats, which from daylight to dark are to be seen in ourprinoipal thoroughfares. Certainly we do have an occasional cow or horse brought to the pound from some of the back streets, but it is not there the nuisance really exists, and if I were inspector, aud had the interests and com fort of the citizens at hoart, blessed if I wouldn't turn out myself before ten some morning, and make an example of some of the owners. Sans pew et sans reprocJie should be his motto. So, just as we had a right to expoot that our theatrical going public were going to have a good innings, under the direotion of Mr. Tavares, we Buddenly find a collapse, and being naturally of an enquiring disposition, I again ask why p I find it's the old, old, story, Caboolture in very, very intermittent doses at one time, and brandy and Boda, with billiards, at another. Tho theatre, like Mantilini's halfpenny, be dem'd ? lines in the part, no com-equonce, 'Bpheak 'em out o' my own head mush berrer ;': only tho audience don't Beem to see it, and won't come to do bo. Any manager paying his way regu larly and honorably hns a right to good service in return, and past experience should toll our local actors that billets do not grow on goose berry bushes, which do not grow here. But lord bless you, it has been so from time im morial. Even W. Shakespeare, ifiJsq., had some idea of the same in writing his advice to the players. 'Speak the speech I pray you, as I pronounced it to you, trippingly on the tongue; but if you mouth it, I had lief the town crier Bpoke my lines.' Mr. Tavares has.inade a bold Btand in tho interests of the play-goers, and we think he will find himself none the worse for it. ' ? ??' ?:? '??: ?? :?.-. .. ;-? ?' . \\- ,- I never oould understand,, and. I don't suppose I over shall, how it is. that the nearer wo approach to Christmas, there aeems to bo a con spiracy among the laying hens, not to lay, and I notice as a matter 6f course that ' eggs is riz.' Plums and currants, both natural institutions of Christmas, are also not to the fore, and if these remarks also apply to candied peel and the usual et ceteras of a plum pudding, I really think ? you ought to use your influence witli the Colonial Secretary to put off Christmas Day the same as ho did the Prince of Wales' Birth day. I Bee that our Fhilosophio and Scientific Societies have commenced to bestow the several degrees within their gift upon deserving stu dents ; for instance, E. Lewis has not only attained the rank'of Esquire, but the additional degrees of A.B.A. and F.R.S.A., though to what they allude I cannot protend to judge. The ' Bold Hero,' as he styles himself, seems to bo rapidly rising in his own estimation, and no doubt ere long will bo ablo to attaoh the whole of the alphabet to his name. Well, pei'hapB he deserves it ; I shall, however, be bettor able to judgo when I have heard him read his first paper upon the elevation of the teapot and the suppression of profanity ! Verily, J congratulate tho citizens of Brisbane upon the successful exhibition at the Sohool of Arts — that is, I congratulate them upon having had the opportunity of seeing it. Hud it not been for the indomitable onergy of a few, few would have found but few exhibits; however, ao is always ubuiiI in these cases, when the buo cess is accomplished, thore are plenty to count . in. But I truly hope that the excellent objects for which this movement was initiated may not be allowed to lapse, and that wo may soon again have tho pleasure* of seeing the Bchome moro fully carried out. 