CONVICTIONS ON QUEEN'S EVIDENCE. As MURRAY can't be hanged, Jack Ketch must not be allowed to lay Ilia hands on the other distinguished man-slayers of the Carl tried in Sydney. At this conclusion the Executive of New South Wales have arrived, 011 the ground that the men were induced to commit murder by Murray, and that they woro convicted on his evidence principally. The wholo manner in which these people havo been dealt with has been most unsatis factory. The Carl was boarded by a naval officer shortly after the massacre, and was so "palavered over" by Dr. Murray that he failed to detect anything wrong. The British Consul at Fiji offi cially passed the "labor" cargo of that vessel, and ho was unable to discover that it had been shipped in other than a perfectly legitimate) maimer, or that it had not been kept in good order and freo from damage during the voyage. After wards, when the ovents of the infamous trip began to come to light, ho took this man under his protecting wing, who proves to be so much worse than those who pig-ironed the frail canoos, helped to shoot the cooped-up captives by the score, and to throw the wounded overboard out of the way, that a sentimental Government cannot see its way to hang them in fairness. Mr. Marsh, indeed, has made a nice piece of business of it altogether, although it can hardly be sup posed ho anticipated that in admitting Murray as Queen's evidence, he was saving the necks of the second and third ruffians against whom Murray under took to bear testimony even to tho death. What healing balm tho Sydney Go vernment must have poured on the tender and remorseful mind of the Judas of the Carl ! He must feel that there is not the same demand upon his conscience to become his own executioner, that would havo existed if Armstrong and Dowdon had gone to tho gallows. Ho will not now regard the pro tection order he received at Fiji, in the light of blood money, and will console him self with the reflection that he has simply sold his white victims, as ho did his black ones, into bondage. It was kind of tho Sydney Government to spare his feelings very considerate indeed, when they were thoroughly convinced of the depth of his unmitigated criminality; and other ruffians in that colony who may be shivering in the shadow of the gallows, and contemplating turning Queen's evidence, will be encouraged to undertake some very hard swearing in order to save themselves. Tho worst of them might shrink from such c dd- blooded proceedings as those of tho owner of tho Carl, in helping to put the ropo round tho necks of men who are not so bad as them selves; but finding that they can make out a terribly bad case against themselves whilst implicating others, and that by doing so the}' will not be creating fresh ghosts to dis turb their solitary meditations, they will not bo over particular about whom they deprive of liberty, with tho aid of a few faithful and not very scrupulous accomplices. Indeed, they must bo precious villains that can bo hanged in Sydney justly from this time out. For murder, in the most cruel and diabolical forms that it is possible to conceive, the commutation of tho sentences of the captain and mate of tho Carl must form a precedent on which to ground a fair claim for immunity from capital punishment henceforth in New South Wales. 