RITUALISM INTASMAmILA. Fresh alarm appears to' have been caused amongst the laity of the Church of .Englafd .in Tasmania by alleged attempts on the part of certain members of the clergy to introduce ritualism and other practices cf the Roman Catholic Church into 'their ministrations. The sane? clergyuie 'ar also accused, it would seem, of circulating objedtionable books; in which the doctrines of. tran sibstantiationl and auricular. confession are, advocated. On Wednesday, 24th inst., a deputation waited upon the Bishop of Tiasm?nria (the Right Rev C. H. Bromby), at Bishop's court, Hobart Toewn, to present a memorial, of the laity on the subject. The deputation consisted of the Hon Dr Croather, M.L.C,, the Hon A. Kennerley, 31.L.C., Messrs W. Belbin, M?.H.A., T. West. brook, J.P., C. 0. Abbott, W. lHamil. ton, H. L. Roberts,'J, Sly, and T. Noah. From the report in the BUobart Town ,llercury (of which the following `is an abridgement), the bishop seems quite prepared to defend his subordinates: 'Dr Crowther, addressing the bishop, said they, as a deputation, had been requested to wait on him to present the memorial, which had been' sign6d by upwards of 800 laymen, all professed members. of the Church of England. Many others would have signed the memorial had they been solicited, but the 800 signatures were strictly those of members of the church, who took a deep interest in its welfare, and were desirous that true doctrine and Christian principle should be clirried but in the diocese. [Amongst Ihe signatures wore those of about a dozen members of Parlia. mont.] .The Bishop, after some preparatory remarks (in which he spoke in defence of theichaplaidioflthe -Port Arthur pienal establishment, the' Reyv.Mr Hay ward, .whose 'conduct, had'. been dis approved of), read'a reply, the principal portions of which are as follow ..-?"My dear .Brethren .in Christ,-- Yout state that you ' are led to.believe , that some practices and ceremonies of a supersti tious character,. and contrary to the doctrine and usage: of' the. Church of England, are beginning to take; root, in this . diocese.' . You base: this ,belief upon two grounds-first, on the ground that, as you allege, certain books were 'shown to be in use ;.and secondly, that ' certain statements, openly made in.the synod, were unchallenged.' : 1. I have once more to repeat that a bishop of our church possesses no power' whatever to interdict the use of books which aclergy man mayp find profitable, in his private ministrations A bishop's. interference where. no law.of the.: church has been broken would be.properly resisted as an abitrary exercise: of. irresponsible authority. -,In compliance, however, with an expressed desire of the synod, 1 and for; the quieting, of doubts, I have: already, in a pastral letter,. recommend ed the- clergy to refrain from making I use of all books whatever which con tained matter that-in essence or cast of t thought was:'calculated .to, offend , the I honest scruples of their brethrenor their t flocks. 2. No attempt during the I session of synod was made to show that any of our clergy had used the object- a ionable portions of the books specified, I although several readily admitted- that t onie of these two books at least was in c their possession and partial use. You I must call to mind that the ,statements e which were then made .were so. vague s and uncircumstantial as to be incapable t of being ' challenged,' and "ought not, t therefore, in my 'judgeinenut, to be s accepted as proof than any. practices or 1 ceremonies of a -superstitious: character a are beginning to take : root in this diocese.' Unwarrantable. insinuations were indeed uttered' at 'the 'synod, followed by others still ,more personal I and libellous, which appeared in the shape of aunoymous newspaper letters. t Siucoe these slanders, which have been t proved to be utterly!:nutrue, -have' not 'e beenmrecalled, as mtinlyz?courage; and a Christian candour. dietiate, it: is not'tvery surpriing that 'apaniii'shobuld 'oabroad' of ?hhich this :dniemail ; the naituia' seiquel.., In cocluisiuti1beg solemnily a to assure >you that you l,caunot i dislike % superstitious,;: ' ass'.opposeds'to : really It reveileit, practices: in /Divinev worship i sore' than Ido; you may, rely uipon 'i a that I'shall be, at all itnies, ready to 1 use the uthlority which belongs to 'my I ullice for the removal of all reasonable t grounds of alarm,, whether in one direc- a tion or another, whenever rea-l occasioih t may arise B.But I cawt never 'consent to 'i abridge :that me;isiure of 'toleration, which, it these days of freer thought I ad larger liberty, is. allowed. to ind-. I vidual clergymen and .their co.grega: n tious in the mother church from which L r received my missiba; as: your bishop. r This principle of cotistitutional freedom c which 'attaches the Church' of England a to;tiy 'owti' heakt, indl which .foirms one I of the truest'links between the mother I tnd the 'dAtglter cjhurches,. fas ever ' bee:, anid ;.will.,contitiue, to be. the Irinciple that will ever guide me in the 1 admiinistratioeis of tho'diocese.",' : r SA discnussion followed'the reading of s the reply. t.,':' Dr. Crowther, rose.; to support the I memorial on. behalf 'of the, deputation c the persons who hadtl'ign'ed it; and he c could aiot allow it' tirlpiasi' without giv. iig' 'expre.sioi:';to lihoiri:?nopinion of I that ivhich'wias sited by'the nieiemorial- a ists thlat' iiroper libq(;oksiere ? ised, aid' that they waere lad tobelieve! that some I practices and ceremonies of a supersti. a tious character,--and- contrary-to-the i doctrine .'nid; usage )of ?fhe (Church of t Englaud, Were beginning to take rootin a the diocese, and of which, he was sorry t te s'ty, his lurdahiii vwas lot anufe. Be t (Di Crowtlier) was'?soriy't,'idfordi li ls l lordship that i thei alarm had 'not.beep :t lessened by 'the issue of his pastoral. ! On the contrary, he, for one, felt that it , had been 'strengthenied by 'theI cleri beieg.told'thlat tliey' were left to Tre-i t doit of action. He c?[lled attention 'td h book which had beeti placed ii'his 1 byuds by a lady, a moember of the'Es. I tablished Chu'rch; The Little Pray er'ook' intended chiefly for beginners in devo tiif',' revised' and corrected by. tlsr priests; and observed that when they t fusud placed: in thse hands" of yoing people a book of that description, it'was time for the practice to be ceilsured 'and condemned, or the clergy who persisted in the. practice bad much' better walk aveir to Rirn,g as Newmniani aid. "Het (Dr Ciriutl;er) vould(read l'a few -ex tractcs to shaow that ihere was cause for I alarm : "The Manner of Confession. --Kneel I Iy your ghostly father, make the sign of the cross, and say- In the name of the Father and of, the Son, &e.; ' Pray,r father, give me your bleasing, for I have a sitiued. I confess to Almighty Godt biefoie all tlhe conmpai sy of Heaven? andi to you, my 'father;, flit I have sinned. S. .'. ' Foi these and for all other sins which I connot now'remem:t bor, I amn heartily dnorry. I resolve never to cometit them again, .aid mnost humbly ask pardont of God, and petnace, couinsel, and absolution of you, nmy ghostly father. \'herefore I pray ii God to have pity 'o me, -and that all the company of Heaven, and you, my fther,' may pray to the Lord our God for mt?" . He thought they could have nothing more Romish than that; nothing more glaring had ever emanated from the s lioman Catholio press. As to the Sacrament of the Lord's'Supper :-. i," At the words, 'this is my 'body, this 0 is .my blood,' you must believe that the bread and wine become. the real body and blood with the soul and godhead of Jesus Christ. .Bow down your heart 1 nr.d body in deepest adoration when the I -riost rays these awfil, words, and wr ship your, Saviour thou verily and indeed g present on His aalar.?. , Ho did not. think the Roman Catho-r lies could have. more positive directions I than those. 2 There was also a distinct - prayer to thoe Virgin 'llary in thi lan guage'of the Romishe Ohurch;-' Mary,1 SThe Heon. Mr A;:Kennerley followed, and referred to the presence in the i diocese of a4 clorgyman who was: known to have carried 'out 'ritualistic practices in London. He wished to be informed whether that clergyman had any license from the bishop to perform clerical duty. From the fact of his being here it wis by many presumed that lihe was the prime mover, instigator, and tutor in these objectionable practices. That there was such an individual here, who was notorious for ritualistic practices at home, was not consistent with tho'posi tion they took in the diocese; and he (Mr 'Kennerley) believed the laity of the Church of England in all these colonies professed to and would adhere to the determination to banish froim'the Church ?all those . ritualistic practices which did such .damige" to the Church in the. mother country, ' The Bishop remarked that he did 'n know that he could add to what he hal already stated. The difficiclty' he 'is bishop, felt was how far he 'was jistiflid in, interfering with a clergyman who Vas 'complained of If he (the bishop)', t>;k the 28th article of the church,, it:sa'd, " The Body of Christ "is given atis?kfl~ and eaten, in the Supper,: only: after 'a heavenly' and. spiritual manner." ir' (The clergyman referred to had'constantlyin his hearing,' said. that theipreseice'io? Christ in' the Sacrament .was ohly i 'ia spiritual sense, and as fr 'as he', (the bishop) knew,. he had never 'seen any thing that could be interpreted "as opposed to the tenents of the Church of England. Then it had been said in the synod by Mr Barnard that improper questions had been put by a clergyman to a young woman, but when the stater ment came' to be siftod'it'wa'nri'ot subi stantiated, and he (the bishop) blamed Mr Barnard for not coming forward and saying he was mistaken, and that he had made a statement that" was.without foundation., . Mr Kennerley.-That statement had foundation: ' " . . The Bishop.-ThenI I'imuststatte the circumstances. The chbarge ,was that improper 'questions had been put at an interview between a clergyman and a young woman' he knew las about to be married to a ,man'w.ho wa not a member of the Cnraeh. e That was made'known to ny son' who 'took an interest in the' young womani,' and who,thought the young man waslikety to draw her away;from 'religious ofeel* ing. She felt aggrieved at first, ;bet she now sees the' thing 'in'"t ti right light,' nd' has: broken' off' the linion: In answer to the petition which stated that'" 'raoties 'and' ceremon?es "f a superstitious characteri'andoos?rry? t the doctrine and usage of thoI'ehurch were begnionng to take root., n ,.tle diocese,"-he-had always been ready to interpo'se'when' a case' was put before him in a tangible way, but they must not coia in public and i attempt' ýto browbeat him.i,'He :'had :ndt lseOi iat St'John's'anything, with ai single' ex ception that 'eieeded the liberal limits of the - Ohirchi'-It w6.as' bisal' by' Mr Barniard that.theiofficeslof'the Prayer Book' should' be adhered- to A:nd1 hid anything been done or said'ithat wient beyond; the statement in, the 'offlcee for 'Visitaiion of the Sick, which Mr 3Bar nard said the clergj~shouldlimit tlem selves to? " In' that 'ofboe''they 'found the following :-":Here shall` the' sick person be' moved to make, :a special' confession'of his siens, if'!he: feel his oonsoience 'troubled with any weighty' matter. "'After:'whichvoonfessiion, the priest shall :absolve- him,, if he' humbly and heartily desire it, after this sort Our Lord Jesus Christ, who' bath, left power to' his 'Church ,to' absolve 'all sinners who truly repent ''as?h believe in Hin;, of His great' meroyifotgive thee, thinet offenoes.'!: And :byb?;His authority' committed to me;"I',absolve thee from all thy'sins; in ' the iasine :of the' Father, and of the Son, ansd!of :th IHoly 'Ghost:? "Amen.. =And' then: in thie i Ordering'ofi Priests eit isssaid'; !' Receive the Holy Ghost; o., 'whose pins thou dostn forgive. they' are for'; given'; and whose sins I thou' dost rie tjin;,'tey are' retained." There: was no pro6o that this book--produced- by Dr Crowther, which ho was enot' pro pared to find fault with'. or :to justify; as he 'had not seen it before-had bees circulated:since he issued his Pastoral, 'and they were biund to show him that the admonition i contained; in ':the Pastoral had not taken effect. Mr KeInnerley asked as to the practice in this diocese; if it was the practice, for single women to confess secretly to their minister. sand to be boind to answer ?'-. lie asked wether such a practice should con tinue in' the diocese, or whether' his Lord ship would use his endeavours to stop it ? It had bees disclosed to him that young women had been examined and. confessed in the clergymen's presence, and a nuimberi of questions asked of a family character.: The Bishop'said a clergyman had:his own conscience to satisfy,- badeh had 'a right to' put qenestibsls impotiint 'to .tid spiritual well- being' of 'his flock. " As'to the confessional,'it was idot'impi~operand was' in asdcrdance ' with :what he had quoted from the Prayer.book. 4 : .: ' Dr Crowther saidthatwhat theyobjected to nas, among other things, 'he manner and mzode of tihe confessional. The Bishop.-l 'hustaskyoulor the per sonis to whom you impute impropriety. lMrKennerley.-. e have named two cases, ny lord. And I wish 'to ask' for' informnatioii,'on behalf of the laymen, whether th,.ir daughters are to be admit ted singly and confessed ?..... .The Bishop.-Certainly not:. ,. If a very young woman wishes to confessjher faults to the clergyman, sle should, in most cases, be accompanied by her parent. I believe a false charge was made,' I have asked my son, and me told me that nothing apironching to what was said took place., Mr Kenecrley.-I beg to ask another question-whether it hlas been the practice of calling on young weten When going to hemnarried, beforemarriage to beconfeesed, making a sacrament of marriage ? Tie Bisiop.-I am not aware of any thing of thle kind having been ione. (Ili, lordship hero referred to the chaplain of Port Arthur.) ' Mr Kennerley.--I don't believe that gentleman has any right in the. diocese, aud he would confess to every charge made agaoinst him. The Bilshop said from all that he could learn: lr Hayward had 'only circulated :Pilgrins _ Progs.s and a" work. used 'by sanction of his (the bishop's) predecessor; Stan in t tic Alter."" '..' SDr.Crowtber here- said-tht book wa, lot sanctionedby his lordship's predeces. or, aid the dean confirmed that state. cent, The Bishop said when at Port Arthdr s 'had not seen anything objectionablh iut he had since been told that Mr Inay, yard bad had some candles on the Holy fable at an early service, and he had written to know. whether these candles ere used. for purpo.ee of light or not. here might be something to blatile in that. Mr John Sly referred to information be had received respecting MAr Hayward from a gentleman who resided at Kew, in Vie. toriao, but who being in' ilobart Town stfended the meetings of synod,'and took a deep interest in the proceedings; the gentileman remarking'in resgect to Air Hlayward'i being receivedliere that Teas mania would become the ritualistic diocese of the colonies.- ' " The Bishop expressed his diebelief in the statements made ii Victoria about Airt Hayward,;and of his using incenhse, &c.; He (the Bishop) had heard from Sir w, Stawellthat the Bishop did not 'delose Air Hayward,; bit although' he' had or dained hii' deacori, simply would not ad. milthim to priest's orders, On his. leavc ing; his friends subscribed, and, sen.t him here with £600sion hiis pete. ',The deputaition then retired , . 