j " 9ml '-5 ! / :V \JI DENE HOIiLQW. II by the AiJTHpR' or i ! . ; PART H. J ;P»aI$bb XX— WixR Sifi Bias. \ I , from tbnW- J A project was in her head, that she ahoald 1 ceed at once to Beeohhnrst Dene, and reaaJtw I inter viydth- its master. Bimdiy things dk 1 ciosect tnat xugnc naa surprised her not a littl and she felt it to be her " bounden duty" fu 1 put it to herself) to disclose them to Sir w 1 " It's not too late for't," ran her thoughts j'«it | can't be much more than halL afterlight. Jxuij | Black1 haven? t been long agoing. Tfo> lirdkeen > I ub all from a sudden deathlike his!" ; - | Not he had npt been long. The waned tad I speedily done its work. Only about foGrhouisJ. 1 hardly So mudh, in fact — from the commencement I It wwaattanp, MiBfSSTlS. Mary , Barber should have been present whra both Black and his wife were dy ing, sod it hftnst.il her mtndl ; --- " iW ckande t<Wk tee ohfc, and there ihU V I evening," she murmured. "I wonder WjZ 'tis since I went oat; for nothing but a w«S2 without having some object to take me ? Why years jfc must be. Anyway, I can't remember £ That feeling o . wanting to go abroad and get fresh air had come to me afore. 'Twos yoat a good angel' band guiding me." , Ansyqd at the gate of Beeohharsfe Dene, shi stopped, hesitating whether to enter then, or lait until ihoriing> An impulse Was etrengly pfompt ing Mr to go in, spite of the lateness of tfikm spite Of her working attire. The gown she wore was of Hide1 cotton, clean but somewhat tumbled with her aidings of Black ; her bonnet was foe usual blaek ipoke of a country woman, the cap border undbr it fclton and full ; her shawl was dt fawH-tblotired (iloth, mtidh drofri. Sir Dene'll excuse it all," decided she, opeainf the smali gate. " Gander'il know whether I can ask to see him to-night or hoL" 'At that .moment footsteps were heard in foe lanft and she waited to see who might he follow iqg jber. It wasHarxy Cole Mary Bsrbtf leanet , her arms upon the gate while they together of What had OCCtirted. " I jnMer thought hfo hand wssmHnOirea'A ' deathp remarked Cole. ' "Some of you faBcied it f, fttjthe time, I remember, but I didn't ; he carried it offbraxenly.1' ,v n i ; " He told me somethmg ehe before yea afld Priarjcame, pbMrrsd Mai $ Batbet. "That money lost out of Sir Dace's parlour— 'twas Jarrit Clan waring took it. , Black said he was sure of it." -a " Si wfes I," iaoonioailyreplied Ople, , " Bou Were ! > Noriteme, man!" r " dld,|i'tto'lwn j 1 thougfat it i was for certain. That same night, just at the ' j very finSff the Hasps wati have ttteBiltk Caj %wis the oaplaini no doubt of it" s "And Why bqdn1! you have mouth M tafla' this, Harry Cole?" demoded ??was bid not fco, wai the ,ii| r toted' another for it; Because it wae Tom pan waring j Qh, nonsense,-", said Cole. "Nobody suspeht Tmm Wall, good nigbt, Mia Barber. This has been a sod evening's wort frfBsneliniriiui. had almast dntiid|| tfj \ coveredbbe seteurein DoQemMr,and wis bifoieu : again! It was thought that when the weather, of supnner set in, hft jmgbtl becbifo ; well as ever fie had been of late years. Meanwbuej by Mr. Priar's orders, all topics likely to exeiit , him were avoided, by visitors to Well as servants t so that Sir Dtoe Wto fififlgdft k £$# norance as to the doings of Mb neighboare, Jarvis Clan waring he knew all about. That gen tleman was languishing away Ms Bays in prison (in a rather jolly manner, probahly, after the fashian of the rime) ; for by no manner of per- , suasion could Sir Dene be brought to release him. Lady Ljdfoaigbed and prayed her Jrtiit nut oyer it, but Sfr Dene wis Wholly deaf, Mf refusing to help at sB, and calling Mm to Iad j Lydiss face by any name but that of a gentle man. | Sir Dene resented , the deoeife practised on the Ardes. That a grandson of his, over head tod ears in debt, sMutt have palmed himself off as an honourable man and attempted to marry May Arde, brought a blush of shame to his old cheeks. Hit knew a&afiout; the diamonds, too, tod bad got them home again, having furnished tfif mtoty to Qtlo for their redemption. Altogether, »arns ,air " Dene assured Lady Iffdia <ady 1 for him Wds f;fie p»oh be Wis la, which gare her the mpst intease aggravation. . » fSee Sir Dene? Yes, jond irtloome, .mv GandSto tosity W : ' 'Twffl be a bit o' change for hiih. Dull it fr fe "ttiW ."p: fcy »«» SMSsMtfl# !?. km, > w Nh V oxcUhfibd toelbver J" j" only one he oould take ao. Mary Barber hid not age and ilh»w hid w«d> mbipernapstosaeie | 'atartiedber. Hisonoe stately form was heaths tottered asjhe walked, leaning heavily on w- -tick; his fine blue eyes were faded i his face haggard and strangely grey. For a moment UjuyBarber could not speak t she believed that if ever she saw death in a face she saw it in his. (fender shut them in together. > t "I made bold to come at this late hour ana ask if I might see you, Sir Dene, having a matter to speak of to you," she respectfully said, curtsey ing. « dander, he thought you d please to see V) '"l&e; n though it was but Mary Barber, Sir Dene, in his never-failing courtesy of mind, laid his hand on a chair near the fire, as he might have laid it for a laty, and motioned to her to take it. His own large arm-chair stood opposite j he sat down in it, and bent his head towards her, leaning both hands on his stick. «' i have heard to-night what has surprised m?, Sir Dene ; and I think you ought to hear it, too," sbs began. " So I stepped bare without Iosb o' time to gee if I might get speech of you. And I hope, sir, that you'll be so good as to pardon my coming before you in my old things ; there was no time to go in home and change 'em." The probability was that Sir Dene had not koticed Whether she wore old things or new. His tight and senses were alike getting dim for these trifles of existence. Two wax candles burned on the mantelpiece, and the fire threw out its blaze on every portion of the small, comfortable sitting- room. " It don't matter," said Sir Dene. " The things look good to me." In a low and cautious tone— -for Gander had Warned her not to startlo his master she im- Suted to Sir Dene the event of the night, Randy lack's accident and death ; and then went on to the items of his confession. "Poor Owen! murdered after all !" interposed Sir Dene. " But I always said fcbat tale of his ghost appearing was the most ridiculous in the world. Fit only for children and simpletons." "Well, sir, 'twas what drove my young master, Mr. William Owen, away," she returned. " That, and nought else." So I heard," said Sir Dene. . " Squire Arde Confided it to me after his departure. Had I known 'twas that before the young man went, I'd have tried to reason him out of his foolishness. Ghosts are all nonsense, you know, Mrs. Barber." Remembering what she remembered — the ghost that she, most undoubtedly had seen ; ay, and more than that one, as Bhe folly believed, during the experiences of her . past life, Mary Barber's opinion was wholly, different. And she was not one to shrink from expressing her opinion, even to Sir Dene Clan waring. "That the spirits of the dead visit this world sometimes, there'e little doubt on, Sir Dene ; but it ain't given to everybody to see 'em. I have seen 'em, and bo can speak to't. I believe in dreams, too: that they come as warnings, and what not, of things about to happen." "Ay, that's another thing—dreams," readily acquiesced the old man. "I've had a que?r dream or two myself." The little interruption over, Mr. Barber went ou to the matter she had come to relate : that it was not Tom Clan waring who had taken the bag of money, but the captain. Sir Dene, who had been scoring the pattern of the carpet with his stick (also, a habit of his), and following it with his eyes while he listened, lifted his head suddenly. " Jarvis Gian Waring did that ?" he cried, look ing at her, " Yes, eir. Black vowed 'twas him with his dying breath. Harty Cole, too, he confirmed it to me i the lane : far he saw the. captain at your secretary." , And she repeated what both had said, word for word. It did net appear to surprise Sir Dene much. . " Look you, Mrs, Barber, that ill- doing grand son 6 mme-r-that I'm ashamed to own, aud think its mercy his father was not spared to be pained by his goings-on-— was hard up for money about that time j and that's how 'twas, I expect. < For the matter o that, I don't know when he was not hard up— as the world has since learnt. So he took the hag o' money, did he ! He's a disgrace to the name of Clan waring ' " But it's .not me that would have intruded to speak of itto you, Sir Dene ; I hope I know what respect means better than that " "You are welcome," interrupted Sir Dene. " He has been the town's talk." " Only that 1 thought it my duty, sir, to clear poor Mr. Tom," she continued. "That bag o' money, air, yon know, was laid by some people to Mr. Tom's door. " The people were fools !" was Sir Dene's re tort. It took Mary Barber aback. She had recently felt so fully persuaded that it must be the one only matter lying against Tom Olanwaring and prevented his recal, for she knew of nothing else that oould lie. This she said to Sir Dene. " No, no," he answered. " My grandson Tom is a true Olanwaring : no fear of his thieving bags of money. Why, you ought to know him better than that, Mrs. Barber." " And I do, sir. When the aoousation was brought again him, my bile went up above a bit. I a'most got a fit o' the yalla janders, Sir Dene." "It's that other affair, up at the Trailing Indian, that has been on my mind," said Sir Dene, acknowledging more to this woman than he had toothers, but reticence sometimes forsakes us at the last. -'The girl has left Ireland, and is X llOfiF - Mary Barber's bard gre, op.ned wide. What wa> Sir Dene talking . ? „ _ou about Emma Geach, sir F" Bhe asked. " Brazen baggage !" ejaculated Sir Dene. « Of course I mean it." " But, tr," returned the woman, all the em phasis she possessed put into her tone, "that that was not Tom Olanwaring." " Was it me, d'ye think?" retorted Sir Dene, angrily, believing she wanted to impose upon him in her partisanship for Tom. "It's not your plaoe to -tell white lies to me, Mrs. Barber." " I've not told lies, neither white nor black, in all my life, Sir Dene, and I'm sure I'd not begin now," said independent Mary Barber. "The girl's sweetheart was not Mr. Tom : it was Cap tain Olanwaring." " Why, what d'ye mean P" cried Sir Dene. ."Sir, itfa gospel truth. That was Captain vttanvaring. Mr. Tom knew nought about it : suppose he have heard on'fc to this day. you!" thought Squire Arde might ha told » S? two Poking t each other. She, unable o believe that he did not know it, fancying his memory must be in fault ; he, wondering whether to lwteoing tea fable. fcJSv00/"? ditotoeure made by Miss Geach, the Wh of the affair had become publio property, what with the whispers of one land another Susan dole inoluded, and had reached the servants' ears at Beechhurst Dene. But Mr. Briar's orders — Don't say anything of this or other exciting matter te Sir Dene until he shall be strong— were very strict, and even Gander had not ventured to disobey. " Is it possible that you have not heard that Mr. Tom was cleared o' that, Sir Dene ?" asked Mary Barber, breaking the silence. "I have heard nothing," replied Sir Dene. " What is there to hear ?" Letting her ungioved hands, hard and worn with work, lie folded in her lap, as she sat bolt upright in ber chair, Mary Barber recounted the facts to Sir Dene. She spoke in her usual de liberate manner i and befote she was Well half way through, he got upin trembling excitement, and stood facing her. " And that sinning reptile oould suffer the brunt of the 6candal to lie on my grandson Tom all the while, knowing 'twas himself?" " He did, Sir Dene. Black confessed to't as well this very night. Don't ye eee, sir, if the truth had come out 'twould have ruined Captain Olanwaring With Miss Arde.' Sir Dene gave a very hard word to Captain Clan- waring, and paced tbe room in tribulation. " Poor Mr. Tom have just been a scapegoat among 'em — what he was always called — and no thing else, sir. He have had to take their sins on himself in manhood as well as childhood, and work 'em off. And as to bis being ungrateful to you, Sir Dene," ehe continued, determined to speak out well now ebe had the chance, " I don't gire credit to a shred out. I'll lay my life that he has writ to you times and again, if it could be proved, and the letters has never been let get to you. Mr. Tom 'ud desire nothing bettor than to come back, I know : aud as to that letter you wrote to him, calling him home, that Gander posted, rely upon't, sir, that it never went anigh him." Whether the woman's decisive assertions, or the strong, good Bense that shone out in eveiy word 6he spoke, made impression on Sir Dene, certain it was, that a conviction of the truth took instant possession of his mind. The bitter wrong dealt out to Tom throughout his life by Lady Lydia and her family, seemed to rise up before him in a vivid picture. He saw how it had been, quite as surely as if he had read it in a mirrer : it was as though scales had hitherto been be fore his eyes, and had suddenly dropped and left them clear. All the old love for Tom, which had but been suppressed, filled bis whole being again. He opened his heart to Mary Barber as it had never been opened to living mortal. " The only child of my dear son, Geoffry !" he cried from his chair, the tears coursing down his cheeks. " And I have let him live away from me, an exile. Geoffry left him to me : you know he did, Mary Barber ; and this is how I have kept the trust !" The tears gathered in her own eyes, hard and cold and grey, as she watched the old man's sorrow. In her homely fashion she tried to soothe it. " The meeting with him will be all the sweeter now, Sir Dene. Don't fret i 'twas not your fault, sir, but theirs that have kept him from the place. You needn't lose no time in getting him home, sir." "Fourteen months!" bewailed Sir Dene, ap parently catching no comfort from her words. " I have counted 'em one by one ; him over there, and me here alone. Seems te rue, Mrs Barber, that my life has been nothing but mistakes, that it's too late to remedy." " There's not a single life, Sir Dene, but what has them mistakes in it, plenty on 'em. Looking back we eee 'em, though we couldn't see 'em at the time, or should have acted different. It's too late, as you say, sir — we all find it so— too late, except for one thing, and that's just taking them to the Lord for pardon." Sir Dene nodded twice, and passed his silk handkerchief over his face. Mary Barber was about to rise and make her farewell curtsey, when he resumed. " The worst mistake o' my life was the cutting o' that road, Mrs. Barber — Dene Hollow. " Well, sir, if I differed from you that it was not, 'twould be just a empty compliment, and have no troth in't, was her straightforward reply. " Nobody can say the road have an swered." " Answered !" echoed Sir Dene. as if the word offended him. " Look at what it has done for people, and for me worst of all. But for that accursed road my granddaughter Margaret would not be in Hurst Leet churchyard." " My poor mother said with her dying breath that she saw the Shadow on it, you know, Sir Dene She thought it w&s; accursed. " Ay ; old Mrs. Barber. I turned her out, and broke her heart. Did she curse the road ?" No, no, Sir Dene. Had she cursed it, the curse might never ha' come. When we leave our wrongs and oppressions to Him— the wrongs that bring tears and bleod, as 'twere — trying ourselves to bear 'em patiently, as mether tried, it's Him that sends the curse, sir." " Ay, ay," returned Sir Dene. " Ay." In the silence that ensued, Mary Barber rose. But again Sir Dene spoke, his eyes lifted ub straight into hers. " I've had her on my mind more than folks think for, Mary Barber. I've seemed to see her often. Sometimes she's in my dreams. If time was to come over again, Fd cut off this right hand rather than take her home from her." " When things be much on our mind, we're apt to dream of 'em, Sir Dene." " True. If the dead are permitted to know one another up there," — slightly lifting his stick to indicate heaven — " I'll ask her pardon for what I did." " Oh, Sir Dene Don't fear but what 'twas all forgave by her afore she died." ' Night and morning I ask God to pardon me for it, Mrs. Barber. It won't be long before I'm there, now." ' Indeed, Sir Dene, I hope you'll be spared to us for awhile yet." " Not for long," he reiterated. " I've been with Squire Arde, lately — the old Squire, you understand. We have talked with one another as happy as crickets and I know we are going to be together again. Three times 'tis in all j the third time was fast night." " Do you mean in a dream, sir ?" she doubt fully questioned, after a short pause. " Gander says so. I don't think it. Any way, it will not be long before I am with him." " And now I must wish ye good night, sir," she resumed, dropping her stiff curtsey " And I thank you for having been pleased to hear me, Sir Dene." Sir Den# rose, Beading his weight on his stick with the left hand, be held out the other. . " You will shake hands with me, Mrs.Barber ? And you'll not forget to carry in your mind whot I've said about your poor mother : how I have repented all I did with my whole heart, and how it has oome home to me." He shook her right hand, and held it for a minute jn his j not speaking, but gazing at her steadily and wistfully. Mary Barber felt like a fish out of water. " The Lord give you comfort, Sir Dene !" she whispered. "I thank you for condescending to me. And. I trust, sir — if you'll not take offence at my saying it — that we shall all meet together in heaven." He loosed her hand, and tnrned to the bell withfa kind of sob. Gander, answering the peal, met Mary Barber on the stairs. " Will ye step in and take a sup of anything ?" asked Gander, hospitably throwing wide his pantry door, thereby displaying its good fire " Me step in !— I've not time. They'll have sent all ever the parish after me ,at home as 'tis, I expect, thinking I be lost. Good nieht, Gan- der. — From the Argosy, (to bb coxttxb ubd.) 