THE FLEMINGTON HUNT CLUB STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Stewards-Messrs J. Bell, A. Chirnside, H. Wilson, J. D. Robinson, T. Asche, G-. J. Lethbridge, J.R. Cowell, J. Hearn, A. E. French, and H. Smith. Judge Mr V. Griffith. Starter-Mr S. Wal dock. Hon. Clerk of the Course-Mr Quiney. Handicapper-Mr E. T. Bar On Thursday we experienced each beau tiful weather that many thought it was too fine to last, and this opinion proved correct. On Friday morning a steady rain and black looking clouds met the gaze of early risers who had so fondly hoped to enjoy the Flemington Hunc Club Annual Steeplechase Meeting in the best of weather. And it was not only when they got up, hut for honrs after' that the rain rained, the sky continued overcast, and the counte nances of sporting men looked as gloomy as the weather. " Will the races be postponed ?" was a question that everybody was asking everybody and no body seemed to know. To postpone races is always a bad.thing, but still for the sake of the lessees of the grand stand, &c;, it was hoped that a postponement would be decided upon. Towards one o'clock, how ever, things began to look more cheerful, and much need there was for it, for the bookmakers were too subdued to bawl out the odds to each other, and there was but little or none of that pleasurable excitement which ordinarily is associated with race meetings. Aa the weather cleared up the cabmen commenced to do a good business, and when the second race was run there was a better attendance on the grand stand than could rea sonably have been . hoped for a few hours earlier. With regard to the manage ment we cannot uongratulat3 the stewards upon it ; the races were not, as a rule, . started punctually, and the scratching board was not properly attended" to. This omission caused no end of con fusion, fewer horses started than was ex pected, and doubtless many an unfortunate wight lost his money by backing a horse he was'fully justified in expecting would start, and did not find out his mis take until the starter's flag had dropped. Nevertheless good sporl cha racterised the meeting, and the stewards probably gained experience. The gentle men riders took it uncommonly easy. " Oh 1" said one, who was to ride in a race, the. starting for which was already half an hour late, "they cannot start without me," and so it proved, for, notwithstand ing that the other competitors were as sembled at the post, they waited for him. Men that can aiford to talk in such a manner ought to be able to afford to pay for it, and should be made to do so. Al though we cannot compliment the stewards on their management, we must not omit to give great praise to Mr S. Waldocb for the starts he effected, to Mr Quiney for his able clerkship of the course, and to Mr V. Griffith, who, as judge, never erred. The maimer, also, in which the lessees of the gate and grand stand, Messrs Levy and Quiney, carried out all the necessary arrangements deserved a more profitable fate, and the catering of Mr Miller was all that could be desired. As will be seen by the report belojv, Harden was disqualified in the first race of the day, and it served him right, for a more palpable cross was never wit nessed on the Geelong course. No wonder he was hooted, and the stewards who ruled that he was in the wrong ought to have recommended that he should be disqualified from again riding on the Geelong course for'at least a year. There were statements made to the effect that it would not have suited the ring for the horse he was riding Gaffer Grey, to win, but whether these statements were true or lalse were not, and probably never will be, ascertained. In the Hunt Club Cup, the rider of Rocket joined in at the finish of the race, although he had never been round the course, as provided, but being a steward no notice was taken of his flagrant "breach of racing rules. It may be added that Rocket was given in by the judge, who, of course, was not aware that any young gentleman would play such a lark on a race course, as second, and the rider of the genuine second horse was much surprised when that veteran weigher, Mr Isaac Hind, refuted to weigh him in until the judge had had mat ters explained, and rectified the mistake. Much regret was expressed that the owner of "Morris" found it advisable to scratch him for the Open Handicap Steeplechase for which old Ingleside,- who looked too fleshy, went, and honest John Brown's Sheet Anchor was made a great favorite. Taking the result of the meeting as a criterion, it may safely be said that many a one, except the bookmakers, found that double betting is not a good thing, but what could they do when the ring asked them to buy money on the result of single events at so high a price? A most unfortunate mistake was made in the weighing in for the Open' Handicap Steeplechase. Sam Harding, a better or bolder rider than wbotn seldom crossed a horse, won the event easily. He got off to weigh, bat, thinking he was weight, neg lected to take his saddle cloth with him. Finding he was not weight, he turned round and asked for his saddle cloth, and to his surprise found his horse had been taken away. This was not to be re medied, and the question arose as to who had ordered the horse to be taken away. As far as could be gathered from the many conflicting statements made, it would appear that after Harding had dismounted . a young man, name unknown, said to Mr J. -J. Buckland, believing that gentleman to be a steward, " Can I take this horse ?" Mr Buckland, who understood him to ask whether he could hold the horse until Harding had weighed, said "Yes." . The young man then took the-horse away, but had not got him out of the enclosure before it was discovered that Harding was short weight. Mr Buckland then ran out through the back door of the stand, and fetched in the saddle-cloth ; but Mr Cowell,. one of the stewards, refused to allow Hard iug to weigh with it, t£ the horse having been moved out of sight of the stewards without the consent of a steward." Even if a steward had given permission for the horse to be taken away, he could not subsequently go out, take a saddle-cloth off a horee and positively swear, the horse having been out of his sight, that the saddle- cloth was tlie same as used ij> the race. He might swear it, firmly convinced that it was the same, but it'would, as we take it, be contrary , to racing rule to admit such testimony. No rider should allow, if he can help it, his horse to be moved a single foot from where it stood when he had been ordered to dismount, until he had been declared weight, and never was the truth of the slang saying, " You never can tell until the numbers are up, and then yon can't tpH," better exemplified than in Harding's case. Hfs misfortune was much regretted, and to recotDp.epse hin) gomewhat for it Mr J. Thompson gave £§, and col lected another £1.5 for him. Below we give an .account of tho running iu each race: TUB Fr,TINO HANDICAP HURDLE EACS. A handicap of 50 sovs. First horse to re ceivo 40 sovs., tho second 10 sovs. En trance 8 soys. Ona mile and threes quarters. MciwAfa.am'B b s Horizon, aged/ 9sb 51b (Quinn) . . 0 Mr E. Gongh's b g Pero, aged, Dafc 5lb (Love) . . " , q M9^°21bS0n'S br m Miss Moffiitfc.S yrs For this event sir horses out of' the n?fl-f n°{ubor entered were scratched fndwVr3 to be avery safo thing c Gaffer Grey. After ona falae tarmq Pmt t e?fc away on reasonable t-rois.Gaffer showing in front with his tail towards Horizon. Both came rushing it was soon seen that the Grey hud far tko best of it as fat as jumping was concerned, and it must have annoyed that skilful pilot Sam Harm ing to fand his horse would not rise quick enough. Whilst tho Grey was passing the grand-stand a length ahead of Horizon « was noticed that Mian MoffiM had failed to negociate the .first hurdle, and was never seen in the raco afterwards. Pero, in passing the grand stand, was third, »omo lengths behind, and Sheelah fourth, and the positions mentioned wore kept until the back of the course was reached, when Pero fell at the hurdle, in a straight. line from the stand, and left his rider lamontine. Gaffer continued to raco^ a length ahead of Horizon until approaching the trees, trhen the latter for a few strides got his nose in front. AB they were coming into the straight it was seen to be a very [ close thing between the two leadors, and although "Gaffer tvins it!" was a general cry, there were many who thought that Horizon would beat him in the run homo on the flat. On coming up to the last jump. Horizon was Been to bo rushing' up very fast on the out aide, and the rider of Gaffer, seeing the rush, apparently, and in the minds of many, deliberately, crossed, and nearly ran Horizon outside the hurdle. The rider of Gaffer was woefully hooted for this piece of jockeying, when it occurred, when he passed the grand stand, and when the jockeys were ordered to dismount, Hnrding, the rider of Horizon being cheered. A protest was immediately entered by Sam Harding and sustained,, and Horizon was ^therefore de clared the winner. Gaffer Grey being dis tanced. The betting at tho start was 5 to' 4 Gaffer Grey, 5 lo 2 Horizon, 8 to 1 Pero. THE HtTST CLUB COP. Of 75 sovs. First horse to receive GO sovs., tte second 15 sovs. Welter handicap. For all horses that, in the opinion of tho stewards, have been fairly hunted at least fonr times with any recognised, pack of hounds j to be tho bonajide property of and to be ridden by members or honorary membors of any recognised hnnt club, as may be approved.by the stewards.; Twice round. About three miles. Entrance, 3 sovs. Mr Cowell'a ch g Canary, aged, lOafc 81b (Mr J. Kerr) ... 1 Mr Wilson's bg Freetrader, aged, list ?*'* ? 9lb (Mr H. Wilson) . '. - ." .'.'.'-2 Mr Moore's b g Launcelot, aged, list 91b :f (MrP. Qlenister) ; 3r Mr Wilson's bg Harlequin, aged, lOst Sib (Mr N. Wilson) ... 0 Mr Patrick's b'gTallyho, aged, lOafc 101b (Mr J. Collins) . ... .0 Mr Lethbvidge's bl g Black Prince (Into Becoipfc), aged, 103fc Sib ' (Mr; W.. ~ Moore) ... 0 Mr Bell's b g Sorer, aged, list 91b (Mr . ?E. Orr) ' ... 0 Mr Hoanie's b g Kockefc,aged, list 51bV (MrA. E.F^nch) ' ... 0 Mr Smith's-b'g'OBaldy,!- aged, llsfc=71b (Owner) ? ... 0 It iras not'nntil A quarter to, three o'clock; or half an hour late, that a start was effected, mncb ol the delay being caused by. Mr A. E. French,, who rode on to the' coarse, and went back again on ? acconnfc of his saddle being wrong, or something else; what was< not ascertained. At the time mentioned a splendid start was ' effected, and Canary lod off, closely folio wed ' by Launcelot. Mr E. Orr, on Ked Kover, received a heavy fall at tho firafc fence, but', although from, that^time out o£ the raco, waa not materially injured.- Before the two. leaders reached tho . Stand, Black. Prince had deprived Launcelot of second place, J and Baldy was third.'1 In this position they kept until the back of tkecourse was reached. Black Prince's nose being close to Canary's hind quarters. At the back of the course Baldy nearly tumbled over, and Rocket baulked, ahdforaveryshorttimeBlackPrinca hold the lead, but quickly had to retiro in favour of Canary,.whose rider had no lifctlo difficulty in holding her. Black Prince led post the stand, but it was evident he was shooting his bolt fast; Canary.was second, Baldy third, Launcelot fourth, Harlequin fifth, and Frootrader sixth. At the back of theoourso Canary, hard held, again led. Har lequin lost his ridor, and Launcelot began to croep up. Baldy got into the second place, arid baulked. Black Prmco, who waB third, sent his rider flying when approaching the trees, and Canary could bo seen a long way ahead of everything, and jumping beautifully. On approaching the straight Launcelot deprived Freetrader, who had come up, of second place. Two fences from home Glenister, who was riding Launcelot, was nearly thrown, but amidst the applause on the grand stand recovered himself with raro skill, but having lost his stirrup was unable to keep second place, and the result was that Canary; who was ridden with con summate skill came in first, winning easily, Freetrader being second and Launcelot third. Tho betting at the start was< 100 to 15 -Launcelot, 10 to 1 Tallyho or Black Prince, 5 to 2 Rover, 5 to 1 Canary, 100 to 15 Baldy. COEINTJlfiN HURDLE BACE. For a silver cup, presented by ?, and a "Welter handicap sweepstakes of 4 sovs. each. 1 sov. only on nomination, and the sweep on post acceptance. Onca round . and a distance. Gentlemen riders, to be approved by the stewards. Mr Bobinson's b g Dread (late Pota toes), aged 12st lib (Mr A. F. Sullivan) 1 Mr French's b g Nankaboo, aged list 21b (Mr Yirgoe) ... 2 Mr Bartlett's bl g Imea, aged, list 21b ?' (Mr P. Glenister) ... 0 Only three horses starting for this race era tted considerable disappointment, more especially because it was not known until the race started that so many names had had the peu drawn through them. Dread started at level betting, 6 to 4 and 2 to l"being offered against lrnea. and we did not hear any thing about Nankaboo. Potatoes j umped off with tho lead, and it soon becamo evi dent that, bar accident, his number would bo the first to go up on the telegraphic board. At the back of tho course Nankaboo mado an effort and slightly drew upon " spuds," Imea bringing up tho rear. Ap proaching the trees tho trio : were all to gether, but Imea fell heavily at the fence, and it was not until long after that Mr Glenister found his way back again to tho' dressing room. With Imea out of it, it was Lombard-street to a China orange on Pota toes, and.he shewed himself deserving of confidence by winning easily. > THE OPEN .HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Of 100 sovs. The: first horse to receive 80 sovs., arid the second 20 sc.vs. Entrance £2, acceptance £2. Twice round (about : three miles.) Mr Smith's br g Baldy, aged (S. Hard ing) , ? ... 1 Mr "Wilson's bl g Darkie,* aged (Adeney) 2 Mr Saqui's ch g Dutchman, 5-yrs (Chif ; ney) ' ... 3 Mr Brazarer's b g Skylark, aged (Archor) 4 Mr Moore's b g Ingleside, aged (M. Ryan) . - ;.. 0 Mr Bowes'.ch g Rocket, aged (Mason)... 0 Mr Brown's br.g Sheet. Anchor, 5 yrs (M'Phail) . ... 0 No small amount of interest was taken in this, tho event of the day. Mr "Waldock sent tho horses away with great judgment, and Skylark-as usual jumping beauti fully-wont away at a terrific pace, too fast to last. Ho passed tho grand stand first, followed by Baldy, Dutch man, Inglesides, Sheet Anchor, and Darkie. After rounding- the curve Skylark and Baldy still led, the other three being all in a lump, until Rockot went over the jump near tho old straight run. At the back of tho course Ingleside, when fourth, tumbled over the timber through slipping. > Baldy hero showed piny, and' went right ahead of. Skylark, who had pre viously mado the running very hot. Shoet Anchor followed Skylark in such a fashion that it was believed he would -soon givo " the songster" tho go-bye. On coming round past tho Grand Stand again Baldy was sjiill leading, Skylark being second. At the back of ilio ooursc Sheot Anchor took tho lpad noar the into of the ol<| Grand Stand, then baulked at tho fence, aji<| again Baldy was to tho fore. It may herfl be mentioned that old Ingleside, who^o jockey had remounted, drew up opposite tho Grand Stand when goiug for tho second time rouud. Dutchman shortly afterwards came down. Sheet Anchor, urged by a liberal supply of whalebone, then raced IJaldy for the first fence, but fell at the la$t and ajlotyei} Sam Hard ing to come in an easy winner, D.irjcio being a bad second, Dutchman being tk}rd( and Skylark fourth. Archor tried to secijfo third place with the lattor, and flogged rather severely, and it was quite amusing to see Chifney coolly looking round and winning by a neck. In tho weighing a most woful mistake was made. Sam Hard ing, whoso bad luck is provervial, did nob tako his saddle cloth in with him, and was not weight. "When he turned round to got it he found that his horso had been taken away from in front of the weighing Btand, or out of Bight of the stewards. Tho saddle cloth was brought back, but ho was not allowed to weigh with it, and being disqualified the first place was awarded to Darkie and tho second to Dutchman. A protest entered against Dutchman by the rider of Sjfcyl&rf;? ob the ground (hat he had miisfd .was not tui!a:n«j. The betticjj was 2 tol Sheet Anchor, 3 to 1 Dutchman, 4 to 1 Sky lark, 5 to 1 Ingleside, 10 to 1 Kocket, 100 to 6 Baldy-Darkie, so far as we know, not being mentioned. Morris, who was much fancied for this race was scratched at 11.45 a.m. in the morning, Tallyho, Councillor, Canary, and Nankaboo being scratched on the course, SELLING STEEPLECHASE, Of 30 sova. The first horse to receive 25 govs., the second 5 SOYS. Horses entered not to be sold, to carry welter weight for age, If to be sold for £60, allowed 71b ; £50, 141b ; £10, 211b ; £30, 2Slb; £20, 351b. Entrance, 1 SOT. About two miles. The winner or any other horse in the race, to be sold under the usual selling conditions. Mr Waldock's Traveller f£20) 9st 81b (Adderley) ... 1 Sir Walton's Quail (£20), 9st 81b (JIason) ... 0 This was an. awful sell for those who went in for sweeps, it not being known until the very last moment that only two horses were to start. Quail, who never had the ghost of a show, fell at the second fence, and although Mason, who was ratber severely hurt, remounted and tried to make her take another fence, it was no use-the horse was quail by name and quail by nature. Tra veller therefore won just as his rider liked, and was subsequently bought in at the upset price This concluded the meeting. 