GUNDAROO. from our correspondent. 61arch ~~burn (Dr. Thomas) paid our district a visit, and held a confirmation service in tho Church of England denominational school, when nineteen candidates presented themselves for confirmation —nine boys and ten girls. A very largo number oongregatod on tho occasion, and the bishop delivered a very suitable address. The Rev. Mr. MeKonzio did not attend tho church hero last Sabbath, as was expected, and as he leaves Quoanboyan to-day, -wo shall not have an opportunity of seeing him again previous to his departure for his new spore of lubour. With reference to the Catholic Church, tho Rev. Father Malonoy, of Yass, officiated hero in the assembly room of tho Royal Hotel on Sabbath last to a largo cougregation. Tho matter of tho building of the new church has not yet been decided— some dispute respecting the site having takon plnco. I believe 'Bishop Lanigan is to be be appealed to, for his oonsent to have it erected on_ the township, and if that is secured, the building will be proceeded with without delay. The usual Court of Petty Sessions was held held yesterday. Messrs. J. T. A. Stylos and A. Affleck wore on the bench. The first case called was Fredrick Bntt a. Martha Roloy, for roscuing a bull from off defendant's land. It was proved' that the bull' was not on defendant's lnnd, but oil Crown land, which plaintiff had thought proper to encloBO, and thorcforo the case was dismissed — Tho next case was Thos. Dyball v. Frodorick Butt, illegal impounding of twelve bond of horsos on tho 25th March last, and placing oxcossive damages on samo. Tho poundkeopor proved that tho damages claimed wore tho damages allowod by law, and tho plnintifl' failed to prove that any illegal impounding had taken place. Tho case was tkercforo dismissod. It is roportod bore that another clandestine i petition has boon got up, and is now at Collector j for signnturo, in favour of thoLnko Cfoorgo road. It is intonded for prosontntion to tho now ! Ministry, whoever they may bo. It is proposed to meet this with a coiintor-potition when tho proper time arrivos, directing attention to all that | had been dono in tho matter by tho lato (or rather prosont) Ministry. It is a great pity tho Go- i vornmont don't throw both roads over tho bridgo and put the Gunning road on tho schedule instead. If that woro dono, and it placed as a second class i road, by tho timo tho main soul horn railway reached thoro wo would liavo a good road. "When that timo arrives, tho Gunning road must ho the direct road for Quoanboyan, Moniiro, &c;'., &c.; Considerable quantities of whoot aro now passing over tho Markod-troo road for Goulbnrn. "Wo experienced a foretasto of wintor on Tues day and Wednesday, tho wenthor being bitterly cold on both days ; yostorday was find. Wo havo not yot had sufficient ruin for farmers' ro- quiromonts. Our Telegram did not roach us lust evening. This may havo orison from either of two causes — our correspondent niny liavo boon onjoying tho holiday, or, as is more likoly, ho may havo beon disappointed in getting tho inossngo transmitted, tho station at Yass having closed at eight last evening — an hour earlier than our tclogram is genornlly dispatched from Sydnoy. Concert tuis Evening. — Wo again remind our town readors that tho aniuteui concert in aid of tho piano fund for tho Mechanics' Institute will take place this evoniug. A rehearsal last even ing passed off most successfully. Attempted Suicide.— It is with much regret that we have to record that Mr. James Wood, who is perhaps tho oldest resident of Yass, on lust Saturday morning, in his tailor's shop at tho ! corner of Cooma and Mcclinn strcots, attempted to commit snicido by cutting his throat with iv razor. Although lio succeeded in making n horrible gash in his throat, ho fortunately failed in effecting his rash purposo. Tho circumsLutico was almost immediately discovered by a neigh- hour, and Dr. Cumpboll was at onco sent lor. Tho doctor so skilfully uttondod to the un fortunate man ns to suvo his life, and ho is now out of dangor. For somo considerable timo past Mr. Wood was noticed to ho in very depressed spirits, nnd oil such occasions ho was apt to indulge ratlior froely in spirits. The two causes combined appoar to linvo unhinged Ids mind, and to havo led to his making this dcspcrato al tempt to tnko his own life. Yass Hospital. — Tho usual monthly meeting of tho committee was hold at the hospital yester day. Tlioso present woro tho Rov. Mr. Gibson, Drs. Blako and O'Connor, tho socrolury (Mr. Harper), and Messrs. Conlon and Qiiinn. Mr. Gibson was voted to tho chair. Tho initiates of last meeting were road nnd confirmed. Tho medical report stated that ten pntionts lmd been admitted, four woro discharged cured, two dis charged roliovod, 0110 was sent to Benevolent Asylum, two died, and three romnined in hos pital. Dr. O'Connor brought under notice of tho committoo tho cusc ofuil incurahlo pauper patient named Wallace, and suggested that ho might ho forwnrdod to tho asylum. The quurtorly accounts woro oxaminod and ordered to ha paid. Tho sonrotary road n report showing tluit £31 17s. lid. had boon oxpended on pauper patients during tlio quartor ending the 31st ult. Eight pauper patients had boon treated in the hospital during tho past three months. The secretary reel kin monthly report as to tho liquor account, which showed that this department had been properly attended to by tho wu/dsinun. 'J'lio tenders re ceived for tha supply a I tho imspilul for ihe ensuing year were then considered. The follow ing woro nccopted James Shuiikoy, for bread, Id. per 2-lh. loaf ; Michael Cufon, lor water, fid. per cask; P. Moore, milk, 5d. per qunit; James Smith, hoof and mutton, 2 |d. per lb.': Michael Galvin, wood, 9s. por load, and Mr. Cottrell, for grocerios. Tho tender of Eredci ick Sounes, for funerals, was ordered to stand over until next mooting, tho prico being considered too high. Tho mooting then separated. Easter Monday. — Yesterday was observed ns n gonoral holiday, and as a cnn.-iq iience i lie town was wretchedly dull. A ilc-per.ito nilempt was mado to find occupation or amusement by a lew of our townsmen. A shooting match at a lot of niisernblo magpies, was got, up, and came o.T in Sampson's paddock ; but as the birds could not ho mtulo to take wing, 1 ho "sport" degenerated i lit o u scrambling match amongst a lot of juveniles who endenvourod to "catch" Llto magpies when liberated from tho trap. Tho slaughtor effected by tho gun was consequently very limited. The wouthor was ovorything that could be desired by plonsure-seokors out of doors, nnd it was unfortunate that no attempt was made to got up something in tho shupo of sport. Charge of Rape. — A lad named Patrick McClackon, nlias Mclllhnton, about seventeen yours of ago, wns on Thursday last, at the Burrown Polico Court, committed for trial at tho Yass Circuit Court for n rnpo upon Sclinn Slnven, a girl under tho ago of ton years. The Sheriff's Defuty.— Wo understand Mr. Cottrell, J.P., hns resigned the position ho for somo time pnst has discharged as sheriff's deputy at courts held at Yass. Dr. Campbell, wo aro informed, has consented to net on behalf of tho shoriff at tho approaching Assizo Cou.'t. Tiib Australian Store.— T'-o Inrge mid com modious addition to tho esiabhscm'., tof Messrs. Davios, Alexander, nnd Go., u-;i : ' Yass, wns opened last Saturday, 'i nc- ii e very beautifully fitted up, and i:. hfi . .nig v : brilliantly lighted."' Tho store la; . \ . plate-glass windows in front, with : ilj sum:.';, glass windows at tho roar, 'fi eri' n . : misr,- . : verandah tho full length, nnd in tho ore aim- G . and the front windows aro well iHiiiijlr.alu'.i '.r. suspended koroseno lamps, each containing f: burners and reflectors to throw the light upoi. tho windows. Wo hopo tho groat enterprise, shown by tho firm will bo duly nppre.iafed. Moro nttractivo or bottor arranged pro; i r.ra not to bo found in any country town in tho etfiony, and but fow similar establishments in OeorgV- street, Sydnoy, approach that in whin. o .h,. Davios, Alexander, and Co., now transact ci.o .. Yass business. A Good Turn Requited.— Not rnn.-iy year:, ugo n needy aud somewhat seedy visitor claimed tbo hospitality of a squatter in the South-. r. districts, and finding that ho was welccir. mi, ami . wolf knowing whore to turn himself, cimv... tfi; kindness extondod tohiin for a consider!:'.. : - i-ir--.- Tho owner of the station showed no disi"..- -n t,o tire of his solf- invitod guost, nnd la aucd in.m cordially and generously throughout ; but u. , thrifty "bettor-half" occasionally exhibited Bymptoms of rostivenoss, mid at Uct rebailc" against the stranger's longer '"loafing " or. ti.j squattage, and refusod to supply his caii y re quirements nt the domestic bonrd. Otic r;r>i nir.g his plate was removed from t: oro'vrfur>s-tuh'o in his prosonce, and in terms d.stinct and un mistakable he was ordered off tho promises, and told to go and work for liis vitunls. Tho stranger left the station at onco, nnd tho forco of circum stances turned his footstops as it happoned to fortune. He wended his way to Queensland, succeeded in conjunction with another, person in establishing" a brisineBB., which required no- capital, and was kuhuBaily' successful in th<£ undertaking. In' the course of 3 few years he amassed a fortune of ten thousand pounds, and; retired. Menntimo, a succession of bad seasoni; had brought tho squatter to low straights — tfiji' station slipped out of bis .hands, and ho ended by becoming a resident in a town in tho Southern districts, largoly in debt, and altogether thoroughly hard up. Tho quondam "loafer" had not forgotten tho kindness received at his hauds — thanked the apparently harsh command of bis friend's wifo for putting him "to his mettlo," sought the roducod squnttor out, nnd succeeded in finding him. Aftor a cordial greeting tho now wealthy " lonfer"invitod his friend into the nearest hotel , told hi m ho had to thank his wife's stern com- mand for his snccoss in lifo, and ended by in forming him that if lio could coino across anothor station that lie thought would pay, ho had a few pounds which woro heartily at his service. Tho station was found, £5000 woro advanced to ptirchnso it and stock, and although only a year or two has since gone by, tbe squnttor has boon able to l'opny his friond nearly tho wholo of tho cash advanced, nnd looks forward, with anothor year liko tho pnst, to being ablo to cloavofi'evory farthing of tho amount. And wo hopo ho may succeed, and liavo a lengthy nnd prosperous envoer after having dono so. Accident'— On Sunday last what might havo been u serious accident occurrod nt tho culvert at tho junction of Rossi and Cooma streets. A Pngnoll cart was being driven by Mr. Scanlon, from tho Globe Ilotol, in which was several women and childron. Tho horso startod sud denly, causing tho roiifs to drop from tho drivor's hands, and on reaching tho culvert, along tho sides of which a couplo of olumsy logs aro placed, the horso swerved, nnd tho trap capsized, throwing its occupants with violonco to tho ground. HTli'o cart completely topplod oyor into the Government ditch, covering ono or two of its Jato occupants, but fortunatoly beyond a few bruises all escaped. Dr. O'Connor wns at hand shortly after the accident, but luckily his services were not required. Monumental Masonry. — From an advertise- ment in to-day's paper it will bo noticod that Mr. David Davis has been appointed agent for Mr. W. Duncan, stonecutter, Goulburn, and is prepared to receive orders for gravestones, &c.; Mr. Davis has in his possession a number of photographs of stones, monuments, &c.;, already executed by Mr. Duncan, from which selections as to design may be made. Mr. Duncan com- pleted the handsome monument at Goulburn to the memory of the late Rev. W. Ross, and the churchyards at Yass, Jugiong, Gundaroo, and elsewhere in the district already show evidences of his ability and skill in this department of labour. Forage for tiie Police. — Tho tondors of tho | undermentioned persons for tho supply of forage 'on account of tho public sorvico for twelve ' months from the 1st instant, havo beon accepted ! by i!.o Government: — Yuss, P. llartigan, maize, | per cental, 7s. fid. ; oats, por cental, 10s. ; bran, per coiite.l, 5s. ; hay, per ton, £4 10s.; straw, por I ion, £2. Binalong, T. Woodbvidgo, samo rntos. ! IliiiTown) P. llartigan, maize, 7s. fid.; oats, 12s. ; fid.; bran, is. ; liny, £1; straw, 30s. Cootn- | inniidry, E. Quiiilaii, maizo and oats, 8s.; brail, is. 3d. ; liny, £1 ; straw, £1. Gunning, P. ' Hiu'tigau, maize, 7s.; oats, 10s.; bran, 4s.; | hay, £4; straw, 30s. Murrumburrah, T. andG. ! Barnes, maize, 7s. Gd. ; oats, 10s. ; bran, 3s. 9d. ; j buy, £4 ; straw, £2. Wombat, T. Woodbridge, I maizo, 7s. fid.; oats, 10s. ; bran, 5s.; hay, £4 I 10s.; straw, £2. Marengo, S. Bailoy, maizo, ! 7s. ; outs, 9s.; bran, 5s.; hay, £4; straw, 30s. I Young, T. Woodbridge, maizo, 7s. Gd. ; oats, ! iOs. ; bran, 5s.; hay,, £4 10s.; straw, £2. Queanhey.m, W. Sims, maizo, 7s. ; oats, 7s. ; bran, 5s. ; hay, £3; straw, £1. Gundngai, J. i Sells, maize, 5s. Gd. ; oats, 0s,; bran, 3s. 9d. ; j liav, £5; straw., 25s. Jugiong, T. Coggan, , maizo, 7s. ; oats, 7s; Gd. ; bran, 5s. ; hay, £5 ; | straw, £2 10s. Wagga Wnggn, G. Forsyth aud ' Cm, maize, fis. 2d.; oats, 9s.; bran, 3s. 9d. ; ! luiy, £-1 ; straw, 30s. j The "Parliament. — Tho now Panlinmont has I In.Mii summoned to moot "for tho dispatch. of business," on Tuesday, the 30th instant, j lit ri Y Town. — A tolegrnm to the Melbourne ! 7i states that an indignation mooting was !; !.! mi .Saturday evening with reference to the prnpm-.eil now townOf " Gavtin Duffy," adjoining I t'ne municipality of Kilmoro, nnd resolutions were unanimously carried to have tho naruo ' altered to Kilmoro East. ' Contracts for the Purlic Service. — Tho con- I tracts of the undermentioned persons for tho supply of provisions, &c.;, on account of tho public sorvico, from tho 1st instant, havo boon nc- . eepted by tho Govorntnont : — Gundagni — Henry I Russell ; Quoanboyan — Ilngh McLennan ; | Wagga Wnggn— Goorgo Forsyth; Yass — Richard Shit-tery ; Young— Edward Taylor. Tho follow ing arc tho prices tendered nt for Yass, Wagga ; Wnggn, and Young, tho figures representing ! these localities in tho order stutod : — Ration, No. I i (each), 3Ul., 5d., fid. Ration, No. 2 (each), ; 5 id., fid., 7d. Ration, No. 3 (oach), 7d., 7d.,8d. ! Ration, No. 4 (each!, 7d., 7id,, 8jd. Ration, | Nu. 5 (each), 3d., 3)d., 3jd. Ration, No. 6 1 (each), 7d., Sd., 7d. Ration, No. 7 (oach), 3d., ! .'id., 3d. Fresh hoof, por lb., 2d., 2ld., 2jd. ; Suit, ditto, per lb., 2d,, 2ld., 2jd. Salt pork, ' per lb., 2d., 5d., 4jd. Frosh mutton, por lb., 2d., 2\d., 2jd. Suot, por lb., 2d., Gd., .3jd. Lard, por lb., 3d., fid., Gd. Broad, first quality, por lb., 2d., 2d., 2d. Flour, first quality, per lb., l.Jd., 2)d., 2d. maizo raoal, por lb., 4d., 3d., lOd. Oatmeal, por lb., 5d., 5d., 6d. Honoy, per lb., Gd., fid., 5il. Gelatine, por lb., 4s., 2s., Ss. Currants, por lb., 5d., 7d., 8d. Raisins, pur lb, fid., 7d., 7il. Arrowroot, por lb., Is. I 3d., Is. fid., Is. Treacle, por lb., Gd,, 5d., 5d. Gage, jier lb., Gil., Gd., 9d. Rice, por lb., 4d., Id., -id. Ton, per lb., 2s., Is. fid., Is. Gd. Sugar, soft, par lb., 5d., 4.ul., -Lid. Ditto, loaf, por lb., sd., 7d., fid. Salt, por lb.,- ljd., 2d., 2d. T.'epper, por lb., Is., L"., Is. Soap, por lb., 5d., 3Jd., 5d. Starch, per lb., 6d., 9d., 9d. Soda, per lb., 2d., 3d., 3d. Bluo, por lb., Is,, lo. 2d., Is. 3d. Pearl bnrloy, por lb., fid., 5d., fid. Tobacco, American, per lb., 4s. Gd., 4s. Gd., fis. Ditto, colonial, per ditto, 2s., 4s,, 4s. Tobac:o ptf-os>, por gross, Is. fid., Cs., 4s., fid. Sr.lt butter, per lb., 8d , 10d., Is. Limo jnico, pur gallon, 53., 7s. fid., Cs. Brandy, por dozen, 45s , 00s. Port wine, par dozon, 3Gs., 35s , . . . tr, por gallon, 2'js., 20s., 22s. Colonial . : gai'on, 10s., 7s., fid., 10a. Yinoga , ... .ion, -is., 4.z., 43. Korcceae oil, " Wostorn White ' cr "Souther a Light Ccrn- ncr gt-.tlon, 4s,, 4s., la. fid. Mou'd .:! pc-v ib ... 7d. in. Id.. 1.3 Cotton wick vs: . ... ?s., 'is. , -Id. Ket'Cfeno lamp- wicks, ra c... i I'd., .' a. Ou. Roach lime, per .j.. . s. -id., in. i'd., is. Firewood, per 100 . m. Gd. ..ay ib., 2d., 4d., 4d. .umt- -Ad., id..- -id. Water, por 100 : ; - ,.-:-nn. in , Os., is. fid, Etmw, por owt., 2s. 1 a. f'.u l;u. l u j.tir era — On Wednesday a; . en: M'Giru... '-/an brought up, on i»t» the v. Y/ggga Court- houso; . „ c-aigo it iif.v.ng i-n-'-t. coucoracd in the | -c, (.i.aP-.di::r.r.T.B:otb:-.-2, near Narundcra, /cev IslV. "he", -r's:;..-: w;\3 apprehended j,.-g::ani y.chto -n Tunut p.olics, on the ' ; a. "..sb,, "--j;". tho j-cpp.w'v jr. that he was \- 'OK. r-'w.a J:ia ».L.- o A. -.Email " — one of i.- s i.- -.iompanlcnr: and supp-o.ied accomplice;: 1 :r..:. v-a wio, »o our f-iid-j.-s vt ill recoilect. (-.e nxocuted in this town for . i. Ac., it, V.-.-i of the unfoi'tunati ' '.'"1 f, c.ovovor, does not in ' rat-. V-' '" 'ic'.oo recio'Te "01:1 Jack," es wo | a--.,' 0--: oct it. > and so tho \- w.'ixct.-js cei'e ' '.-y the rc-lfce ic? his identifies.- ' s..o.-. -al on. i adcuttod , And gpc:-. this Ir.s \m- rieula-e dlscLMge irom : usic dy wis of" course crac-'od ty t:ie ce;:et-. It ir ais.ra": lo tti-.t tha actual mmdoje-.-h of the pDb.!r.:ais; rhotiid bf captured, but wo uily think tcr.'. the pcitoa in ihe excess oftho:r zuuKtc. so mr? inn right men should endeavot.r to net; with -joino little caution r.nd noma slight regard to physical resemblances before thejr"take upon theupseives to (££prire . tdnqcent mea.oif.jtheir libertji,n|f>on stioj'Very ' seriojjfl cbarge's' ia those pf murder. One' mad ; waeYrondi .in A oustody/ from. a travelling diatptfee oripprQ.tbain one thousand miles; from the wilds . of ithe Darling, upon suspioion of bfTing been concerned in these Pohlmau murders ; another was needlessly dragged hither from the colohy of Victoria npon a similar pretext ; and now wo hnvo this unfortunate M'Guinness brought down from tho Tumut to no bettor purpose, and with just nB little show of reason or exorcise of common-sonso on tho part of tho police. Not. ono of these mon resembled tho published description of either of tho supposed murderers, and it is roally too bad that thoy should havo been dragged about tbo country upon odious charges of murdor, when the possession of -the faintest power of discrimina tion by the police should have beon sufficient to show that they could not havo boon tho men wanted, and that thoy should havo been turnod adrift without a pretonco of compensation or a hoi ping hand to assist them back to tho districts from which they had been torn. If the polico cannot tell a tall man from a short one, or a dork man from a fair one, a3 in two of those cases they have conclusively shown that thoy cannot, additional precautions for tho protection of tho liborty of the subject cannot too soon bo taken. As matters now stand, any blundering constable may most cruelly outrago tho feolings of innocent men, and subject them besides for an indefinite timo to tho loss of thoir liberty. — J Express. Baptism in a River. — During a tour mado by tho Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, tho following incident occurred. Wo quote from tho Goidburn Herald: — "In tho afternoon at throe p.m., a' remarkable spectacle was witnessed in tho im- modinto neighbourhood of Comorang. Tho bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, ad ministered tho sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and sister, in tho Tuross River. For some years tho subject of thoir baptism had boon under consideration by the successive clorgy of tho district. Boing satisfied thoy woro qualified candidates, the bishop consentod to respect thoir scruples and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation boing nssomblod on tho margin of tho Tuross River, the service for tho "public baptism of such as "are of riper yoars" was road oy Mr. Love and tho bishop. Thoy thon both entered the river to a sufficient depth, loading the male adult by the hand ; and whilo tho bishop pronounced tho words, "I bnptiso thee in tho nnmo of tho Fathoi1, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost," thoy completely immersed him in tho wator. Having raised him, and_ " rocoivod him into tho congregation of Christ's flock," thoy pursued a similar course with tho sister. Standing on oithor side, and firmly holding the adult by tho hand, thoy dipped tho catochumon ontiroly in tho wator in accord ance with tho alternative in tho rubric of tho servico for adult baptism— "aud thou shall dip him in tho wator, or," &c.; It was a sccno novor to bo forgotten by nny who witnossod it. Tho spectators woro somewhat surprised to see tho bishop walking stoadily into doop water, and boing liimsolf considerably immersed. Tho novelty nnd solomnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptised persons woro- much affgetod." The' Missing Man, Irwin. — Under the Verandah (obsorves tho Bendigo Advertiser ) men will recollect "Willie Irwin," who somo twolvo months ago did business as a brokorand mining speculator at tho Boohive. In consequeneo of somo indiscretion ho took his doparturo to " frosh fields and pastnros now," loaving sovoral of his acquaintances lamenting. It is now re ported that went to Tambnroorn, and that lottors had beon z'ocoived from him dntod from that place. It is conjocturod that ho is tho miss ing Irwin mentioned ns boing supposed to liavo fullon n victim to tho wretches, Nichols and Lostor. Tho tolograms and roports rolntivo to the Parraraatta River murders nro silent as to tho Christian unrao or initial of tho missing mnn. This circumstance gives greater forco to tho sup position, as Irwin, for cortain ronsons, would naturally bo desirous of concealing tho appella tion his godfathers and godmothers gave him. A Reverse of Fortune.— Revorsos of fortune are givon in tho following paragraph from the Creswick Advertiser: — "At a banquot to tho em ployes of tho Now North Clunos Company thoro was ono spooch mado that proves unmistakably tho ups nnd downs, as well as tho misohnncos, of colonial life. Mr. Esmond, in responding to tho toust oroposod to him by the Chairman, snid ho cordially thanked the corapnny for drinking his honlth. On tho 1st July, 1851, twonty-ono years come 1st July next, ho aiscovorod the first gold at Clunos ; tho first gold cradlo in tho colony was made and rocked at Clunes, and ho sold tho first pnrcol of gold obtained from Victorian soil. From that discovery what mighty results had fol lowed: ho had scon the harbour of Hobson's Bay ontiroly without shipping, and looked at it to-day. Dense forosts in thoso days are now cut down and used in tho mines, nnd tho laud in tho occupation of tho farmer, then tho rosort of kangaroo, omu, and aboriginos. Clunos tbeu wns a very insignificant place, but its minos now pro duce moro gold than any othor district in tho colony. As they all knew, he cradled tho Now North Clunos Company nt its birth, and in its infancy, but it fled from him at maturity. Hnd ho boon ablo to retain his original intorost in the. company, ho would that night have been un independent man,, instead of occupying tho posi tion of stampsman to tho company, for which office ho was, howevor, gratoful, as it enabled him to provide bread for his family." Mining at Young. — Tho Phoenix Compnya bottomod thoir shaft at a depth of 55 foot on Tuesday. Since reaching tho drift the sinking of this shnft has boon constantly a work of ex traordinary difficulty, owing to tho loosenoss of tho stuff to be gone through, and tho groat amount of water. Tho amount of watchfulness and care necessary in sinking through a loose drift with a heavy spring of wator can only bo properly understood by thoso acquainted with this Arasription of mining, and wo congratulato the DL '.roholdors that tho shaft has at last beon carrie ; iraccossfully to the bottom. Immediately on th-: l-.oktom thoro was a stratum of hoavy wash, wkioii contained a little gold. The dirt lias bcei vra-ihod, and the amount of the precious motal C'ckrat.ed is about 8 dwt. The rock at tho bottom o; ico shaft dips at tho rato of about ono foot ir. fou:', in a aouth-oastorly direction, nnd towardc what is cnllod tho Italian's gutter. The gutter iir.3 been provod at tho upper end to bo very rich, b-_t, at tho lower end where it nears the company's shaft, was never bottomod, in consoqr.onoc of tho ovorpowering amount of wator, o.l though somo vory rich prospects wero obtained "-cr.: it. The rook at tho bottom is at present coh- end it is intonded to go down in it as deep as It- may ho workable, in order to havo a good w-fli, t..'d to onablo tho mon, if possible, o open our tlie drivo at a depth which will insure r. drivnego from tho deep ground to tho I'miit, It io expected that operations will be so fur advanced in a wook or ten dnys as to onablo tho manager tc put on a night shift to work briovr.— liv.rrar.gcng Argus. Mr. Rodda, mining manager of tue Phconix Tribute Gold Mining Company, Young, writos as undor, dated 16th March : — ' I beg to report to you that the shaft or. tho abovonamod company's claim hos beon sunk io a further aopth of six inchos in tho wash, leaving e, depth of two foot six inchos ta sink before we bottom. A prospect oan bo now got showing a yield o." 5 dwts. por load. Taking into consideration that tho washes are in a con stant Biate cf agitation with the forco of tho water coming in, tho above prospect promises vory rich dirt, at tho bottom. Being- now fairly in the wash, our progress henceforth will be moro rapid, and sro long I hopo to be ablo to report iho abaft bottomed." In a letter dated the 27th ills., Mr. Rodda roports :— The shaft on iha above company's claim has boen Buccossfully bottomod at a depth of 55 feet. Tbo rock is dipping strongly in a south-wostorly direction and towards deep ground in which tho supposed iV$biTgtitter runs. Although we find there is no i-Mfvy gold on the side "of the rock," the indica tions of the wash (being about 3 feet thick with very heavy boulders) lead us to believe that we ara no great distance from gold. "We wash up the" dirt taken out of the shaft to-morrow, and will state the amount of gold won in our next report. Undor the circumstances wo cannot expect tho wash now on top to turn out vory maoh, but our prospects are most encouraging. HVe intend putting on oxtra hands next week -for opening ont and driving into tho doop ground as rapidly as possible. Mining near Burrowa. — Wo havo boen in formed that tho allogod valuablo discovery at Lang's Crook has proved to bo worthless, that tho stone provod barren on boing tostod, and that tho persons who sunk tho two shafts have abandoned tho ground. Several porsons are now ongagod in prospecting tho nlluvinl in that neighbourhood ; but up to tho presont time thoir labours have not boon attondod with satis factory results, IIopos aro still ontortaincd, howevor, that gold will bo discovered somowhoro in tho vicinity of tho creek. — Advocate. Curious Circumstance. — An old man named Dickinson, who resides nt Bungendoro, loft Quoanboyan about" noon on Saturday for lis homo, on horsoback. Iii' the ovoning of tho same day ho was found on tho roadsido, about two hun dred yards out of town, lying unconscious. Dr. Morton was sent for, nnd on examination it wns found that ho was undor tho influence of drink. Ho had apparently fallon from his horso, which was grazing near at hand. Tho only injury re sulting from tho full wus a slight contusion on the forehend. Whether ho wns stunned by tho fail or was doad drunk, is not. to bo ascertained. But it eoems that whilo Dickinson lay thoro for some hours unconscious somo carnivorous animal had fearfully gnawod aud torn both of tho un- fortunato man's ears. Ono of the injured mom- bers was nearly torn off, and tho othor was much larcerqtod. Dickinson was taken to his daughter's" rosidonco in town, whore Dr. Morton stitched up his onrs, and othorwise drossod tho woundod members. — Qucanbeyan Age. Surplus Labour and Low Wages.— A plothorn of swagsmon and others havo boon attractod to this neighbourhood by tho domand lor vintago labour, but only n small proportion of tho available numbor has beon absorbed by tho wants of tho vinoynrds. Many of tho mon belong to tho class of habitual wandorors and loafors, whilo others nro ovidentlj rospoctablo mon who aro rou'.ly willing to work. Thoro is loss domand for labour than was tho enso last soason, when tho vintngo wns a much honvior ono than tho prosont crop, nnd tho domand has undoubtedly boon still further reduced by tho doprossed state of trado arising from tho border costoms. Tho wngos for vineyard labour nro vory low — namely, 8s. to 12s. por wook. Wo hear that in ono caso-7s. por wook was ofl'orod under tho condition that no wngos wore to bo cluimod if tho man loft boforo tho conclusion of tho vintage, but at Mr. Fallon's vinoyard, 8s. psr week, and koep, is being givon to grape-pickors. Over ono hundrod moil prosoutod thomsolvos ut that vinoyard wlion tho vintugo cotnmoncod, and two- thirds of them, nftor receiving a meal wero sont away unwanted. Besides tho incronsing number of tho class of swagsmon, tho inferior character of tho labour givon by many of thoin in roturn for tho wages paid, affords food for reflection. Tho ratio which inferior labour boars to tho wholo supply of bush labour scorns to bocoino lnrgor in proportion to tho increnso of foncing. Wayside rosidonts aro ofton greatly taxed for tho roliof of industrious mon in search of work, and for tho support of lonfors. Whilo tho low wngos above named aro being givon for grupo- picking, good labour can obtuin 8s. per day on the Victorian railway. But tho work is far harder than many of our travelling class arc ablo or willinc to undortako.- —Alburu Banner. 1 Fiji. — Tho following " nmnifosto " has boon issued, nnd signed by British and othor wliito residents of Fiji : — "Declaration of Freedom. — Wo, white rosidonts of Fiji, solemnly declnro that wo do not, and will not, recogniso or countonanco, in any dogreo whntaror, tho right of a fow British subjects forming tho so-onllcd Govornmont of Fiji, at Lovuku, to coerco their countrymen, or nny wliito man, into obodieucoto thoir assumed authority, for tlio ronsons follow ing . — 1. Bocauso wo now liavo it, upon high official and logal mithoritios, that British subjects ct»n havo no right wlmtovor to constitute ilieui- solvos a Govornmont without tho loavo or license of her Mnjosty tho Queen of (J rent Britain, 2. Because it would bo u violation of tho laws of our rospcctivo nations if wo assisted, directly or in directly, in giving offect to any such assumption of powor. Wo, tlio undersigned, theroforo plodgo ourselves to protect each other against any attompt of tho so-called Govornmont to col- loct taxos, or to restrain any ono of us from tbo froo exorcise of our rights, pending tlio decision .of the British Government in rcfercuco to the so- cnllod Govornmont or Fiji. British and other wliito rosidonts1' who may not join in this mani festo aro oarnostly onjoincd to abstain from interfering with tho rights or with the freedom of othor British subjocts, or tlioso of wliito resi dents. Finally, wo invito all British subjects, and tho white rosidonts generally, to unito in this inovomcnt for our mutual protection." The Wagga Wagga Sugar Manufactory Company, — Mr. Bryco, a gentleman of very cou- _side_rable exporiencoin tho manufacture of sugar, and In the suporintondonco and croction of machinery in connection tliorowiih, has been ongagod by Mr. Wall, in Sydnoy, on bohalf of tbo Wngga Wagga Sugar Manufactory Company, nnd nftor having overlooked the selection and dospatch of tho various portions of tho plant ordered, nnd prepared the plans of tho buildings, &c.;, ro- quirod for its recoption, will start for Wagga Wagga, and enter at onco upon the discbargo of his duties here. Tho plant and ongino will bo despatched from Sydney with all possible spoed, and may bo oxpocted to nrrivo here and bo sot up in working order in timo to ontor with overy prospect of success aipon tho manufacture of tho season's crop. Ari\ingoinonts aro now ponding for tho purchaso or lenso of an oligiblo block of land in Nowtown, for a site on which to orcct the machiuery, upon arrival, uml when thoso have been completed no time wjll bo lost in pro ceeding with the oroction of tho buildings re- quired. - -Axpress. The Paukamatta River Mdrders.— It is re ported tbnt Lostor, ono of tho two inon who liavo beon committed for trial on tho charge of,' murdoring tho lute W. P. Walker, wrote out a stntoinont on Saturday last in rcforenco to it, which was forwardod to tho Attornoy-Gonoral. Tho statement, howovor, doos not appear to have boon thought worthy of much consideration, for we hoar that tho polico woro proviously in pos session .of facts therein set forth, and also of additional ovidonco — adducod at tho Control Police Court on Monday, at tho examination in reforonco to tho murdor of Bridget- — which dis- proved somo of tho prisoner s allegatious.- -S. M. Herald. i: risky matrons. — wuat are tue limits ot friskinoss in matrons? I'm not alluding to any body in particular ; but tho question's often asked: "Is it right for a full-blown matron to bo frisking at all ; aud if it's right why does tho world "make romarks." Mayhap tho world doesn't " make romarks," because it's right, but bocauso it's wrong; and here comes ir. anothor question : " Why is it wrong? " Natural instinct snys it is ; natural feeling says it is ; natural pride says it is ; and natural indignation says it is. As a rule, tbo working man's wifo isn't frisky ! Why ? It's bocauso tho working man's natural prido as a man makes him fool that il his mate goes skylarking about with young sparks, it isn't to his credit that he lots hor 1 That's tho secret. At the play, on tho racocourse, or olso- where, Mrs. Chips, tho capentor's wifo, or Mrs. Bluestono, tho mason's, are not to bo seen gallivanting about with a parcel of loblolly-boys, or simpering at the chnff of sucking carpenters and stonemasons. Why ? Because Mister Chips is about, and Mister Bluestono is on band to soo fuirplay, and to keop his good name sweet and wholesome. It's a part of property that Chips honest man — can't afford to lose ; and according to his way of thinking, when his wife fancies herself a young lamb at play, and bogins to frisk, it's high timo for him to shepherd her if ho thinks she's only a fool ; and to treat her as ha would treat a she- wolf if he thinks sho's a roguo. The limits of friskinoss, and tho limits of roguery overlap one anothor; mark that. Chalk tho sentiment up behind the cupboard door, and take it into your system with your broad and cheoso. It'll bo good for you to understand it, and to oxpluin it to your wives and grown-up daughters. As for your sons, if thoy take to mooning after married womon, tho sooner the husbands kick 'ont tho bottor for all parties. From "Tho Pcorybinglo Papers," in The Weekly Times. Lunacy. — A man named John Lawless, n settler at Molonglo, was, under tho certificate of Drs. Morton nnd Lnmbort, forwarded in virtue of a committnl by tho Qusanboj'nn bench, to tho re- coiving-houso for lunatics nt Darlinghnrst, Inst Sunday. Lnwloss had for somo time proviously shown signs of mental nborrntion. It is said that ho had on two occasions attompted suicide by taking poison. Latterly bo has boen very desponding, and mnuifostod suicidal mania. IIo secreted knivos about his person, and othorwise aroused tlio suspicions of liis family. Evontually lie was brought to tho lockup at Quoanboyan for protection ; but on his way ho attomptod to de stroy himself by jumping into the Molonglo Rivor, and was with difficulty saved from drown ing. Whilst exorcising liimsolf in tho gaol yard, Lawloss mado anothor ondoavour to tako his own lifo by essaying to throw himsolf down tho woll, nnd but for tho proscnco and tact of a pri soner namod Doylo, would havo accomplished his purpose. Lawloss had Iowored himsolf into the woll, and was hanging from tho trapdoor by his hands, wlion Doylo, sooing his design, wont stonlthily and soizing him from behind, hold him up till assistnnco came, and roscucd him from his perilous position. — Queanbeyan Age. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills. — Rheu matism, Neuralgia. — It is Bomotimes difficult to dotormino which of thoso diseases is afflicting the sufferer, but this ignoranco will not matter if IIolloway's romedies bo used. They alloviate and cure all muscular- and norvons pains. In lioroditury rhouinntitin, after bathing tho affootod parts with warm salt water, Hclloway's ointment should bo well rubbod upon tho spot, that it may ponotrato and oxert its soothing and rogu- lnting properties on Iho doopor vossola and norvos which aro unduly excited, and cause both tho pain and swolling. IIolloway's troatmont has tho merit of removing tho disease without dobilituting tho constitution, which was the inevitable result of tlio blooding, mercury, and colchicum practice formerly adopted in those complaints. BKRKKI.KY, September, 1S09, — ficntlcmcn,— I feel it n duty I owe tu you to express my m.Hitutlo for the great benefit I have de rived by talcing Norton's Camomile 1'ilU.' 1 applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for the abovetiamcd Bills, for wind In the stomach, frmi which I huHered excruciating pain for a length of time, having tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit nt all. After taking two bottles of your valu- ablo Bills 1 was quite restored to my usual slate. of honlth, BIcase give this publicity for the benefit of those who may ho thus afllicted. -1 mil, sir, yours truly, Ui:shy Alli'ASS.— To the proprietors of kohtux's CAMOMILE BILLS." MARAVILLA. COCOA, — No breakfast tablois comulete without this delicious beverage, -Tho "Globe" says: — " Various importers aud manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation fur their pruparcd Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough .success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Urothors discovered tho extraordinary qualities of Muravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of procuration to this finest of all species of the Theobroma, they have produced an articlu which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aromn, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others, Por honuiMpaths ami invalids wu could not recommend nmornagrccablo or valuable beverage." Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers Original Iluiuceopnthic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam .Mills -Brick Lane, London, Export Chickory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 