STATIRA. Xo romance had ever come to m& Kone. I began to think it near time it did. Jvot tbat I was old, but young — twenty only. But my sisters were both married, and I was left at home alone. It was not the marrying I cared for, but tie romance. Papa ?would pat my head, and call me his own little girl stilL It came, the romance, od the most. prosy of our home days. A strange gentleman met -with an accident, almost at our door, and was brought in for help and shelter. It proved to be Ralph Beaton, one of the Beatons of the next county, Essex ; but they were strangers to us until then. The days went on, and he said it was Iwbn had nursed him back to life. I ! So eyes ever looked into mine as his did : grateful, thrilling brown eyes they were, that made mine falL He began to address me as ' little sunshine ' when ever I went into the room, and when he grew better, and I read and sang to him, he took to calling me ' little comfort,' and ' heart's delight.' It was only a short time after that, that he asked me to he bis wife. ily father and mother expressed sur prise at the offer one to the other. It was so ' hasty,' they said ; they thought f* had made up his mind too quickly. But they were pleased, and proud of it ; '-ey had learnt to like Mr. Beaton, and he was very well 0$ though 'is branch was not the head of the Beaton family. It was a far better ™er than they had ever expected for ^e: quite different from the mar nages Bella and Nancy had made. The one's husband was a merchant in the c'lJ ; the other's was an artist ; and though he painted charmingly, he had not made much head yet in the world of fame. ' u Intrusive friends called Mr. Beaton a prize.' Well, he was mine. Without 'rting or angling, or any other email 'testable arts, I had won him fairly. I wala hardly believe in my own happi ness sometimes when I looked up into *J» handsome face and met his smile. ion know what it is to feel that a thing « *«- good to be true, and how it is al : most a relief if a bit of trouble comes *en *, because then it seems as if it ^m really be possible, really might lit ^j And S0 my Wiss seemed atobsfr « a dream aud unstable, until one day j^'Pa put a little alloy into it by telling e he had loved some one else before he w me. 1 think he felt that it was more ^nourable to tell me this. ' asV.T'1 -^by did y°u not 'any her r. I ^ mth a pang. ' .*. . nliJ \\\ would none --f «ne !' he re-' do» t^*1* '* n^''* *« 8ha SUV''1 f*-ntf* die -*red: a»« was not *« H«- I came awayj and fate led meBtaugntto^ou, wSypul' ^^^^givemeup,; t-*!¥%J neTer win &™ you up, Ealph ! ' I said, and regi^red it in ly heart like a vow. How dared she slight him ? He should find one heart at least as true as steeL Somehow I felt more at ease, more sure of Ralph Beaton after this confidence, which, nevertheless, you perceive, had its bitter side. During his illness I had written seve ral limes for him to his mother ; she was ill herself then, and nnable to journey to «i. Wn6nhe to*8 ahk to write him self, he told her of our engagement Upon that she had sent me a beautiful letter, and now she was urging his return. An uncle of Ms had died suddenly, during Ralph's absence, and there had been other changes. Mr. Beaton was the family's head, but his money all went to his daughter, not to his nephew, Ralph. But he was an only child, and sufficiently well off before ; his mother a widow. 'Come at once, and bring Jane with you,' urged Mrs. Beaton. « You cannot tell how I desire to know her.' It was not possible then for my mother to go with me ; bnt Ralph asked whether she thought she could entrust her child to any who would take care of her as he would. So they sent me with him, and our old servant maid Susan — and Mrs. Beaton'e carriage met us at the train. It was a beautiful afternoon in late August when we reached Beaton Place. Ralph's mother, a tall, gentle, pale, stately lady, came down the steps to the carriage door. She folded me in her arms and kissed me, then put me a little from her, with a questioning, eager look, ending it with a little sigh and another kiss. I hardly know why, but I began to wish I was tall and slender and stately too ; perhaps it was because it seemed fitting that so the mistress of Beaton Place should be. This feeling grew npon me afterwards when Ralph showed me the old family portraits of the grand, beautiful ladies who had been numbered among his ancestry. Ralph and his mother had a hundred things to talk about; and as we sat around the supper- table, they were speaking of his uncle's sudden death. 'And Statira is alone in the old man sion,' said Mrs. Beaton. ' Statira, here !' exclaimed Ralph. 'I should have expected her to — But this,' he broke off, ' postpones her mar riage, probably to some indefinite period.' ' There seems to be no prospect of any marriage,' replied the mother. w Mr. Innes was a great favourite with your uncle, but he has not visited Statira since her father's death.' ' The base scoundrel, if he has deserted her !' muttered Ralph, fiercely. ' Oh, we cannot tell on which side the responsibility lies, you know,' said Mrs. Beaton, lightly. ' I imagine she has refused him now that she is her own mistress. Ton must go over to Status's to-morrow, my dear,- with Ralph,' ehe added, turning to me. ' I want you to see the old place ; and you will be sure to like my niece.' I thought to myself what a strange, old-fashioned name Statira was, and won dered whether it was taken from the Bible. It seemed as if its owner should rank with Queen Vishti and the Queen of Sheba. Many times during the even ing I found myself wondering about thi6 Statira, who would so soon be my cousin ; and as my eyes roamed around the great Beaton drawing-room with its lofty ceil ings, its magnificent frescoes, and with its air of grand loneliness, I thought what a comfort it would be if Statira should prove a loving companion and friend. The next morning Halph took me to see her. Mrs. Beaton had not gone out since her illness. Beaton Sail, the grand place of the Beaton femily and residence of its head (this Statira was its head now}, was close by. We crossed the lawn and the home grounds, and thence through a little copse of silver elms, into a pretty grassy lane, where a few steps brought us to a email gate half hidden by sweet-briar. ' I don't believe this gate has been opened all the summer long,' said Ralph, pushing aside the tangle of blossom and briar ; ' but this is the way I always used to come, and this will take us direct into the garden. Statira is very fond of gar dening, and if we should find her here, you will get acquainted ten times sooner than if you began ceremoniously in-doors. We were already beginning to pass clumps of beautiful shrubs and trees, and soon burst into a perfect field of flower beds. Standing with pruning-scissors in her hand was a young lady, clipping leaves and twigs from a rose-tree. Her back was towards vb; but there was no need for me to see her fece to feel she was a true Beaton, tall, graceful, and queenly. ' Statira ! Statira !' called Ralph, as we neared her. She did not start, but turned, as if accustomed to Ms voice, and came to meet us with the sweetest smile of welcome I ever saw. TMb was my first revelation flf her— coming down the garden-path to meet us, habited in deepest black ; a lady of high-tred beauty, stately and gracious, witii what should have been radiant brightness, biit was toned down to gentle sweetness by the grief and care she had been passing through. Ralph took both her hands in his in cousinly greeting, and they stood bo for a moment Then he drew her towards jne. - ? ' And here is a little girl, Statira, who cares enough for me to have promised to marry me by and by.' « I have heard of this little girl,' bIus said, 'and ehe must have her welcome !' And then she kissed me softly on my forehead, and my heart went out to her: I turned aside a few steps, lingering by a great bush of -verbena, and pressing its fragrant leaves between my palms, for I thought they ^ might 'have femily affairs to talk of. But they followed me -almost immediately, and Statira with her own hands gathered me a ^reat bouquet of roses, while Balph looted on well pleased. - ? ?- 'I believe I have clipped all the thorns oft;' ehe said, as she handed them farme In her sweet and gracious way. 'And have torn your own hands !' I cried, regretfully. 'Oh, I always wear armour- she re plied, showingiier gloves.' - . .« When will you wear fcridal.jioses, cousin mine*' asked Ealr.a, «atber abruptly. ' ?''?',:?. ' *»®ever,' eaia Sbitira, looking as feu; and irona^*1ielinntress JDiana herselt, '«Snt--iit lanes?' itegan Balph in; in^agefe, MJ&-P* ^-^-* ?. ®-°B&i;^i fanciea^&efc;^^^rup^; ;^m Eandes, cousin Ralph,' said Statira, smil ing upon him. 'And the latest, the sweetest, and the truest is your fancy for this Jane of ours.' . And then, as if to end the subject, she led us on through the garden, among her tall white lilies and scarlet rhodb 4?n-fr-maj pointing out from moment to moment her favourite flowers. Blow I did wish my mother could have seen this grand, old- fashioned garden. It would have rejoiced her dear tired soul so, for it was like gardens she had de scribed to me in stories of her childhood. Our morning call was but a brief one j but it struck deep into my memory. I can never forget Statira as I saw her that first day, moving queen-like beneath the shadow of the trees her ancestors, of generations gone, had planted. Who was Mr. limes, I asked of Ralph, as we strolled homeward through the lane ; and his brow clouded as he answered me. A wealthy man of high position who had been deeply in love with Statira, and whom it was her father's great wish she should marry. ' But whom she did not love t — was that it, Ralph I' ' I suppose so. She said just a word to me now — that he did not ? suit ' her.' 'Some one like yourself would suit her, Ralph,' said I, in my foolish fancy. ' No, no,' was the hasty answer. ' I suit only you, Janie.' And no man on earth should have a truer lover, I thought ; nothing but death should part him and me. Statira became my friend and fortress. There was a sort of grand generosity about her that seemed to enfold and help me whenever I needed it In all kinds of little vexatious trifles, she was my re fuge. When I did not know how to dress for a dinner-party ; when I was un certain what kind of ceremony to observe in the drawing-room when the great cere monious people of the county crowded it ; and worst, though most indefinable of all, when I feared a lurking disappoint ment in Ralph's mother's eyes as she looked at me, as if somehow I was fall ing short of her standard, and should always fall short of it Statira was there a great deal, ever ready to counsel and shield me — for I was shy and timid amid this class of society that I had not been used to. But one day, going by the half -closed library door, I heard Statira's voice within talking to Mrs Beaton. The words reached me. ' She is a good, true little girl, Aunt Bessy, and one can see how thoroughly she loves him. Oh, she will make him an excellent wife !' ' Yes, but not quite what we thought he wonld have chosen, my dear,' an swered Mrs. Beaton, in a low, soft tone of regret I sped on through the hall, and heard no more ; at the door I ran into Ralph's arms, who was jnst eDtering. 'Oh, Ralph!' I cried, impulsively, ' I am not good enough for you ! I am not good enough !' *' Too good, my darling j you are too good by far .-' he said, never asking why I had so spoken. ' And now see what I have brought you, Jane.' He opened a small purple case. It held my engagement riug, a hoop of diamonds, as dazzlingly bright as though they had caught all the sunbeams of a century and been crystallised. He put it on, and away went all my misgiving; he thought me good enough ; there was comfort in that By this time I had learned to go at will through copse, and lane, and garden, to find Statira : and she met me always with that welcoming smile. I leaned upon her stronger nature, and found a fascination in making her my confidante, retracing for her all the narrow paths of my past life, and telling her all my foolish little dreams aud - fancies. And one afternoon, walking with her in her grounds, in the very fulness of unreserve, I told her how Ralph had loved some one before he met me — some one who had not cared for him at alL 'Do you suppose it could be Miss Dane ¥' I asked, referring to a young, coquettish lady who often came there, and who always scanned me with her impertinent blue eyes. Statira did not seem to hear. She was looking straight ahead at the pale purple clouds in the west, with a strange, rapturous expression in her eyes. She was always fond of beauteous sunsets. ' Statira, do you think it could have been Kate Dane % She does all she can to get Ralph away from me, even now.' Statira started slightly at the repeated question. ' Kate Dane ! Oh no j I feel sure Balph never cared for any one so frivolous as Kate Dane. I would not wonder more about it, Janie. Who ever it was, since Ralph has forgotten her, you can well afford to do so too.' It was true. Statira alway comforted me. Thus Statira was my confidante, but I was not hers, nor did I dream of seeking to be. I really believe she would have seemed less of a refuge had she told me all her thoughts, great and small, as I told her mine. In default of actual knowledge, I pleased myself with weaving in fancy one romance after another about her, in each of which she was to marry some great hero some day, and live hap pily for ever after at Beaton Hall, as beautiful and stately a dame as any Beaton that ever went before her. The time came for me to go home. We were to be married very shortly, and my mother wanted me for the prepara tions. The day before my departure Mrs. Beaton took me upstairs to show me certain of the Beaton heirlooms which would be mine when I became mistress. Some curiously engraved old plate with the crest on it ; some web-like lace ; and some rare, beautiful china. There were a few family jewels — few but valuable — a handsome diamoud brooch and. ear rings, a set of sapphires, and a single great pearl, which had no setting at all, but lay in its bed of violet velvet, softly luminous, like a fairy moon. « An, if I only looked like Statira !' I said, with impulsive. regret 'Then how well those sapphires would . become me !' ' yes,' fiaid Mrs. .' Beaton, ' I lent them to Statira on one occasion, and she certainly looked like an empress.' Not long did I linger even to admire the jewels, for Balph had called after me when we went npstairs, 6aying he was going to Status's, and X . might follow as soon as I had got through '? Vanity ?Jftui T ?'''?But hasten .though ;ft: eeemed to me that I dirl/he had been gone an hour when! ran through the silver elms. He was standing af -the little gate with gtatirs, evidently eayihg good-bye. ' Here I come i' I cried, gaily. 'Why, what makes you both look so pale! Have you seen a ghost V ' Nothing more alarming than your self, dear,' said Statira, smiling. I glanced at Ralph, and noticed some thing green stuck in his button-hole. ' How doleful !' I exclaimed. ' A sprig of rue ! Could you not give him anything brighter than that, Statira ? I can do better for him myself.' And, pulling the rue from its place, I replaced with a cluster of white and pink buds, sweet and fragrant, that I had snatched from their tree in passing. ' That is right,' said Statira, gently. ' Be sure always to turn his clouds into sunbeams, Janie.' We came away in silence. Ralph seemed out of sorts, and I — I was won dering why Statira and he looked so pale, so strange, when I found them. Why should I care, I asked myself. And yet it haunted me. It seemed as if an uneasy, dreadful fear was going to creep into my heart, a fear that somehow, somewhere in this life, or in some vague, mysterions one gone, Ralph had loved Statira. I strove resolutely to shut it oat ; I said to myself, it must be non sense ; I would not glance at it willingly a second time ; people did uot fall in love with their cousins : and before we entered our own door, Ralph called me again his own sweet-briar Janie. So I returned home, to see about the wedding things ; and Ralph's letters were fond and frequent Have I lingered over my story up to this point ? It is because, thus far, I had nothing to record that could make me feel regret or remorse. But the hoar came in which I sowed the seeds of both. I had not heard from Ralph for a week, and was thinking it strange, when he appeared at our house without warn ing. The shades of evening were falling, and I happened to be alone. The change in him struck me — worn, pale, not a bit like his cheerful self. He greeted me more like a brother than a lover ; and there was a great gentleness iu his eyes. ' Are you Ralph ? — my Ralph ?' I exclaimed impulsively, in my surprise. ' I don't know, Janie.' With this strange reply, he sat down before me, while tomy verysoul there crept a chill as of some dseadful presentiment. I did not dare to ask further ; and we sat looking at each other iu the dim twilight of the evening. Then he spoke. He spoke. Ralph, my own lover, my husband to be, told me again the old story, which I had almost buried out of my mind, about the lady he had loved before me, and how he had gone from her because of her indifference. ' But she was not indifferent, Janie,' he said ; ' it was all a mistake. She loved me all the time !' I comprehended in a moment all that was required of me, all that he hesitated to ask ; and I shivered as I met what seemed like a little flash of hope in his eyes. ' Has she sent you to demand your freedom V I asked coldly. ' Good Heavens, no, Janie ! She does not dream of my telling you this !' I glanced around tbe faded room with its poor furnishings. A sewing machine stood in the corner with some dainty work upon it, meant for me to wear as a bride. I thought of the disappointment of my father and mother, and the com fort they took in my prospects. And then I thought of the other home, of luxury, of love with Ralph ; must I give up my chance of these, because of the caprice of some girl, who would thrust me forth from the place I had won, to enshrine herself within it ? I loved Ralph, and he loved me ? or else every thing under heaven was a lie. Bat I sat there, never answering, wondering what I could say to retain him. Ralph did not help me by so much as one fond look. Then, with the vividness of lightning, there flashed into my mind that day when Ralph made me promise I would never give him up — and I acted upon it Swayed by passion, by jealousy, and love, I caught at that one straw, that promise of fidelity, by which to float back into my harbour of peace. It was right, oh, it was right to try to keep my hap piness, and, with sadden tears, I laid my head on Ralph's shoulder, sobbing vio lently. ' Oh, Ralph, I cannot give you up ; I cannot give you up. You made me promise never to give you up.' He folded me in his arms, speaking gently. ' Did I ? And do you love me so much, little Janie ? Then I never will ask you to give me up. Have I grieved you so much 1 You have always been true to me, little one, and I will be true to you.' And so I conquered, and no one ever knew by how narrow a thread I had escaped desertion and heart-break. Ralph got away again to the train unseen by the household ; and his strange visit was not known. We were married in December ;. and I bade good-bye, to my father, my mother, to the plain, faded rooms, and the colour less life. The cold white snow shrouded the earth when I got to Beaton Place the 6econd time ; but there were warm, glow ing fires within, and a sweet welcome awaiting ns from Ralph's mother, now beginning to grow feeble. It had been arranged that she should stay in the house and occupy the apartments in the wing. I missed Statira's. greeting. She was away, spending the winter at a dis tance. It was a pleasant winter to me. Ralph was constantly kind and attentive ; and I believed that I made him perfectly happy. Mrs. Beaton would have most graciously resigned the housekeeping into my hands ; it had been so understood ; but I did not care for housekeeping, and Ralph said I should be free from it if I liked. There was a good deal of gaiety around, and I enjoyed the novelty of taking the lead in that As Mr. Beaton's bride, I was first and foremost with them alL I, little Jane, to have arrived at this ! The Beaton portraits put rae to shame no longer, for I wore my silks and velvets and the family jewels, and held up my head as high as if I had been born to be tall and queenly. In the spring Nancy and her artist husband paid us a visit I had looked eagerly for their coming, and had chosen the prettiest rooms in the' house for them. Ralph had gone away for a few days on business when they came. It was rather curious that lie and Mr. Jams had never met; but' Nancy had been ill at the time of our wedding, and unalle to travel Mr. Jarvii to d$|ated wit Beaton Place '; there were so many pic turesque nooks in the grounds, so many charming views from the windows, that he was perpetually longing for his easel, canvas, aud brushes. ' I never let him carry them but once,' said Nancy, laughing, ' and then he packed his colours in my trunk, and some of them leaked out and spoiled my dresses ! I have restricted him to pencil- sketching ever since, when I travel with him.' The family portraits were a great fas cination to Mr. Jarvis. Stately, high bred beauties, and painted by the best artists of their respective times. One, the portrait of Ralph's great grand mother, painted when she was twenty five, he especially admired. ' There are no such faces nowadays !' he said, regretfully. ' Ah, wait till you see Statira,' I ex claimed, 'before you say that ! She is just as grand and beautiful as any Beaton of them all. Maybe she will let you paint her portrait.' The third day of their visit, Nancy and I sat by the open wood- fire, with our embroidery ; Mr. Jarvis was stretched in artistic ease on a divan in the bay win dow. Suddenly he started up. 'Girls, here are people coming to call. A young married couple, I shonld judge. I never saw a handsomer pair in my life !' We dropped our work and ran to the window. ' Why, that's Ralph,' I cried. 'Ralph and Statira '.' They were driving up the avenue in Statira's pony carriage, which it seemed had been seat to the train to meet her. Balph arrived quite accidentally at the same time by an opposite train, so they drove home together. Miss Beaton did not come in then, but went on to her own home. Mr. and Mrs. Jarvis were taken over to Beaton Hall by me the next day. Ralph did not go — his head ached. When we came away they went into raptures over the old-fashioned grounds and the quaint grandeur of the house ; and more than all, Statira herself She was frequently with us after that ; Mr. Jarvis and Nancy admired her beyond everything. I suppose I had never known the real Statira before, for in the summer when we first met, she had been a mourner and depressed. I saw now a magnifi cent woman — a queen of society, bril liant and haughty, but with a charm of manner running through all the haughti ness like a golden thread, which made her inexpressibly fascinating. Towards me she was sometimes gentle as of old, but again there was something, almost a sternness, which made me feel afraid and uneasy, and I never could quite get back into the last year's confidential ways. Somehow, I began to grow lonely in the midst of my company j a great deal more lonely than in the winter when there were only old Mrs. Beaton, Ralph, and I in the house. Ralph and Statira were both passionately fond of art, and at once were on appreciative terms with Mr. Jarvis. They would hold long, wise, and enthusiastic conversations about pre-Raphaelism and all the different schools of painting ; and Ralph brought out his portfolios of rare old engravings, and bits of foreign sketches, which he had never shown to me before, he said, as I did not care much about pictures. It surprised me to see how well Nancy fitted into this group of art-lovers. She was a winsome, pretty little thing, and nestled on the sofa by her husband's side, admiring what he admired, and looking up at him with great devoted brown eyes, and seemed as necessary in the discussions as any of them. But I did not take real interest in themj I suppose I had no true eye or taste for art ; and the lonely feeling crept deeper into my heart, and settled there. One evening, indeed, I thought I would be like Nancy, and nestled by Ralph's side as they talked. But he was excited over an etching, and did not notice me ; and it ended in my being only a stiff, dumpy little figure, sitting awkwardly on an ottoman. What did I care for their arabesques and their etchings, their frescoes, their wonders of design, and effects of colour } I wanted something that was slipping, or had slipped, out of my life. Another evening they were all in the library, having a sort of artist frolic, making little sketches of each other and caricatures ; and the feeling of isolation grew so strong upon me — the feeling that I was hardly wanted amid them — that I crept away from them into the cold, dark drawiug-room, and stood there at a window looking out at the night I do not know how long I had been there — I daresay they had not missed me — when they all came' trooping in ; Ralph and Jarvis holding aloft tall silver candlesticks, and the white wax lights illumined everthing softly like the moon light. ' Now, Mr. Beaton, show me the angel that looks like me !' cried Nancy, mer rily. ' Here it is,' said Ralph, pointing up at a little corner fresco ; a white angel on an azure ground. ' You see the re semblance, Jarvis V 'Yes. ..But here's something that takes my fancy more in the centre groop,' said Mr. Jarvis. 'These two figures floating away together through the gloom.' ' People used to say they looked like ns, Statira ; don't you remember !' and Ralph turned towards his stately cousin. But she answered never a word. 'They remind me of Dante's lost lovers,' remarked Jarvis, simply; and then there was a pause. It was broken by their catching sight of. me. At least Jlr. Jarvis did. ' Why, here is Jane,' he erclaimec ' standing like a fairy against the white curtain !' Nancy put her arm throngh mine, and we all went back to the library. She thought me a little moody, and supposed it was because I did not feel welL I was not well. Sometimes a thought crossed me that I might be going to die. That eveniug Statira bade me good night in her very gentlest tones, now so tare. ' Don't be sad, Janie. You ought to be the happiest little woman on earth 1' Every one seemed to grow kinder after that evening, and- yet I had not com plained. What was there to complain off I would' not have dared to, though I knew the very -heart was gone out of my life. I did not i even date to question myself, for I knew too well what shadow of uneasy fear it was that was haunting me, and that had been ever since it first mocked in vain at the closed door of my heart, the day when I found Ralph and Statira at the sweetbriar gate looking at each other, pale and strange. Still more, had I struggled to shun it and shut it out, since the terrible evening when I Baid to Ralph, ' I cannot give you up, I cannot give you up !' Was it then I made tnv fatal mistake ? T sav T did not dare ask myself. Summer came on ; and Statira was out in her garden again, and had settled down into a quiet ' lady of the manor' life. I did not go so much as formerly. I stayed at home, and Ralph stayed with me, surrounding me with care and kind ness. The Beatons are loyal to the heart's core. A new clergyman was called to the parish church that summer ; an excellent young man, full of fervour, hard-working among the sick and- poor, and with a pleasant genial manner which made him a favourite. He called at Beaton Place sometimes, and sometimes met Statira there. I suppose he went to the Hall too. Seeing them together, and noticing how much interest Statira took in bis benevolent schemes, aiding T''' with her money and her enthusiasm, the thought came to me like a ray of light, ' What if she should marry Mr. Montin !' It really seemed as if she might be so happy and useful ; and what a dignified and charming bishop's wife she would be, if ever Mr. Montin rose to be a bishop ! I thought of it till I began to believe that it would be so, and it was such a comfort ; especially now, when Ralph was growing more kind and thoughtful towards me every day. Perhaps — per- haps, after all — who knew?— a wrong once done might not be a wrong always and for ever. Oh, I knew what a wrong I bad done them — her and my husband — in my cruel selfishness 1 It seemed ever to be with me ; like a perpetual sense of sin, for which there lies no ex piation. If Statira only married happily, Heaven might grant me ease iu time. Late in the autumn my baby was born ; a boy, and so like his father. There was a calm, sweet season of happi ness following ; but that I have put away from my heart, and will not dwell on or remember. At any rate, Ralph saw his son and heir — and that lasts as a. comfort. If Statira never married, the boy was heir to alL Six months later Ralph was brought home to me dying. He had gone nut to try a new horse ; it threw him violently by the roadside, against a sharp, jutting piece of stone. The doctors said he was dying ; his mother and I stood by his side, and heard them. The truth was all too palpable for them to, attempt to con ceal it ' Gooil-bye, dear mother,' he faintly said. ' Good-bye, dear little Janie. God bless you and my boy !' And then he closed his eyes, his head sinking back, and we thought him gone, when suddenly Statira entered. Did she walk ? did she fly ? She came with a strong rapid motion, as if all the powers of earth could not stop her, and she bent over him with a dreadful, piteous cry. 'Ralph! Ralph T His eyes opened at her voice ; he looked at her with a smile of ineffable tenderness. It was the supreme moment of death and of truth. ' Oh, my love ! my love ! my love !' he breathed, and that was all She put her arms around him, pressing her face and her lips to his, and there in her arms he died. How strong we mortals are to endure and still to live 1 I have tasted of love, of sin, of death, and cf despair : and I thought that day, in my grief and my bitter repentance, that I should never look np again. It was I who had blighted their lives : it was I who ought to expiate it. But we are strong, I say. Two years have gone by since then ; and though my widowhood has been lonely and sad, I am not now unhappy. In losing Ralph Beaton I lost a tender, noble friend, but no lover. It seems a mockery when they call me his widow, fur a voice within me cries ever, and will nnf. hft ttilp.nrftri. that, fit. is not l\ nnfc T. who am his widow, bereaved aud deso late, but she who dwells alone in her stately mansion, she who will never marry, who will never pat off mourning, who thinks only of the day when she will die and meet him. It is she who is, in very truth, Ralph Beaton's widow. I did them a terrible wrong, but I have tried to repair it I am glad little Ralph is so exactly the image of hie father, a regular Beaton, with no linea ment of mine. My beautiful, noble boy ! But I have called him mine for the last time, for this day I have given the child to Statira to be hers for ever. She re ceived him with glad and grateful, tears. It is she who should have been the mother of Ralph Beaton's child. Henceforth I take up my own life and go my own ways. It is arranged that I am to marry Mr. Montin, aud thus I shall put from me even the mere semblance of the name, the last thing in which I still usurp another's place. The world is not over for me yet I see before me a peaceful path where the sun still shines, and a vision of a happy, useful future ; and in the dark night- watches, when I dwell on my past selfishness, I think how much more merciful God his been to me than I deserved. Very Aged. — Old people are noto riously vain of their age. 'There is a story of a venerable crone, the inmate of a poor-house in Scotland, who being asked .how. old she was, exclaimed, with an evident feeling of pride, ' Ah, I dinna ken, but I am a thousan', at.ony rate.' Bad Payment.— A man has started a paper in the State of Maine, to be issued 'occasionally;' which is a great deal oftener, the editor says, than, he shall be j able to get his pay for it j A Good Pias.— A wag, in ' what he I knows of farming,' gives a very goo& plan for removing widow's weeds. He says a good-looking man has only to say . ' Wit thou,' and they wilt j . A stoical Scotchman was addressed by his sick wife,' Oh, John, I sha'n't leave this bed alive !' 'Please theeself, j Betty,v and thee'll please me,' returned ' John, with great equanimity. ' I have -been a good wife to you, John,' per sisted the dying woman. ' Middlin', Betty, middUny responded the matter of-fact husband. . ; The learned -Dr. West, having married aladybj&e; name of Experience, who : ? war-very tall, b-ing asked what he thought^of the married state, he replied, that 'by long Experience, iie had foand it a good thing to be married,' 