tHE UNLUCKY LOYEItS. A TALE OF JAPAN, FAHNV FOO-FOO was aJipmioso girt, A child or Ilia great Tvooan : Bhe wore her liead laid, end lii>r olollien were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon j Her fare was tlie color of lemon-peel, And (be shape of a table-epouu. JL }umd>ome young chap Johnny Hi-Hi, And be wore paper*muelin clotliee ; Hit gloBPv black hair on tlie top of bit head In the ebape of a ahoe-brusll rose; Hi* eyea tlanted downwards, as it aome cliap Had aavagely pulled hiB nose. Fanny Foo- Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, And when in tlie usual style He popped, the blushed such a deep orango tinge, Yoird have thought she'd too much bile, If it had'nt been for her slam-eyed glance And her charming wide-mouthed smile. "And oft in the bliss of their new-born lore, Did Ihees little Tagani elray All around in spots, enjoying tliomselres In a strictly Japanese way ; She howling a eong to a one-etringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd cliuib to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced Jiim on ber nose, Or else she would get in a pickle-tub, And be ticked around on lib tots. "Thfl course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough. And the fierce 'J'ycoon, wbfn J>' heard of this, Used Japanese natlie BO touch That his courtiers' hair would have etood on end -If they'd only had cnoagh. 60 the Tycoon Wiled on both his swords, In hie pistol placed a wad, And went out to bunt for the truant pail", With his nerves braced by a tod. He found tbem enjoying their guileless selves On the top of a lightning-rod. •filernly he ordered the gentle Foo Foo To " come down out of that there V And he told Hi-IIi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where, Then be dragged off his child, whose spasms evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas! was badly fooled, Despite his paternal pains. For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out of biB jugular veins; While with a back somersault on the floor F00 F00 battered out ber brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot, •Kight under a dogwood tree, Where they could list to the niglingale, and The bate of tbe bumble-bee; And.where the mosquito's sorrowful chant tladdens the restless flea. And often at night when the Tycoon's wife Slumbered us sound as a post, His almond-shaped ejoballs looked on a sight That scared liiin to death almost; Twas a bald- headed spectre Bitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. -—Australasian. 