THE TYNE TRAINING-SHIP. BY PETER 'POSSUM. I HAVE been in the Black Country, the Potteries, and the manufacturing parts of Lancashire and Lanark- shire, to say nothing of Clerkenwell and the East End of London – but still it remains my impression that, in spite of 120 miles of gas-mains and 110 miles of water-mains, Newcastle and Gateshead and their sur- roundings constitute the darkest, dingiest aggregate of masonry to be found anywhere within her Majesty's dominions. The High Level Bridge is a magnificent piece of engineering, but the roadway under the rail- way looks and smells like an empty sewer. Grimly black as Othello rises the ancient Norman castle — "the view from the top," says an uninten- tionally facetious guide-book, "on a clear day, is very extensive." Smoke broods over New- castle like a black hen with outspread, droop- ing wings. St. Nicholas's steeple is smok- smeared. George Stephenson's monument already suggests to the irreverent passer-by the familiar inquiiy, " Geordie, hoo are ye off for soap? The new markets wear smut's sober livery. The narrow "chares" look like half dry ditches. The pargeted old houses of the Side and Sandhill are venerably| black and the modem Italian stone buildings which are supporting then, unvenerably so – grotesquely are supporting them ladie that have smudged their faces and hands by doing slavey's work. The steep stairs that lead from the river side to the high ground on which the castle stands, are murky as ravines in sub- terranean caves ; the old shoes that are laid out on the groves of old clothes that dangle over, what may be called the "landings" of the Stairs have an uncanny look — as of the effects of suicides. The gloomy-barred bonded warehouses that tower at the bottom of the Stairs are furred with dirt. Gray's Inn wall as seen from Gray's Inn-lane is not so filthy, and more cheerful. Grey and Grainger streets may be grand, but they are sadly grimy too. The glass of the Arcade is clogged with wasted carbon, and the Post officials buried within that crepuscular, mal- odorous cavern can scarcely ever, I should say, dis- pense with gaslight when they are at work. But the River ! On and beside that, the dirt of Newcastle reaches its climax. Jangling, rattling, creaking, groaning waggons crawl along the miry Quayside and New Quay — miry with a sticky, blacking-like mire. Sailors, stevedores, lumpers, loafers, merchants, and merchants' clerks block the muddy footway. Dingy craft are moored along the bank, and dingy cranes are swinging dingy goods be- ween ship and shore. I have steamed down a good many of our chief harbour-rivers, but I know nothing comparable to a steam down the Tyne. The Tyne is unique. The Styx in a bustle, with a never-ending hubbub instead of voiceless ghosts upon its banks, is the nearest general notion of it I can hint. Curiously unlike is " coaly Tyne" to Bristol's tawny Avon, swiftly flow- ing out to, or in from, King Road between romantic red cliffs and green whispering woods. Old Hunger- ford Bridge, which now does duty as suspension bridge between St. Vincent's Rocks and Leighwood, spans a picture which the most sensitive colourist might luxuriate in painting. The High-level Bridge also spans a most impressive picture, but it could be attractive only to an artist of lurid fancy and imagina- tion like Gustave Doré. I embark on one of Newcastle's dirty river steamers. I don't know her captain's name, but "Charon, commander," would have an appropriate sound. " Crocks" are fluttering down like broad- winged black moths. It seems absurd that a man and a boy should be pretending to swab the steamer's deck and seats. Old dirt is ingrained in them ; " tide- marks" of fresh dirt are left on them like those which dustmen and chimney-sweeps leave when they profess to wash their faces. When the boat's paddles turn, a cloacinal odour rises from the river. She splashes her way out of a muddle of craft; most rusty, or white-veined black, a few glossy-black, a few black-blue like a "black eye," a few more of the colour of wilted cabbage-leaves. The gilt ornaments on their cat-heads are comparative stars in that faded green or dreary-black night. Announcing her arrival by a trumpet whistle, whilst her crew below " Get oot here tor Mushl'oom, Low Walker," and so on, the steamer pulls up at sundry stopping-places. On both sides of her course – the only waste places being bare ballast-hills – are glowing foundries ; iron-works, with pink tongues of flame flickering in the white smoke, wreath- ing or undulating from sighing blast-furnaces and the capped chimneys of puddling forges ; the smoking cones of potteries and glass works ; chain cable works ; deafeningly rattling ship- yards ; lofty-stalked alkali and other chemical works ; lead works ; stifling cement works ; stinking manure works ; grindstone wharfs ; many- masted docks ; colliery staiths ; graving docks ; slip- ways ; brick- works ; and coke ovens. It is a strangely varied diorama, harmonised only by the ever present canopy of smoke ; the Hawksnest, a solitary white house, or once white house, perched on the top of a hill ; navvies riding on tilted earth-waggons, navvies digging away a spit of land that runs out inconveniently into the crowded river; coils of black smoke, puffs of white vapour, cores of glowing red fire, lambent, ruddy, and golden flames ; jumbles of brick and stone and wooden buildings, on all kinds of different levels ; rusty boilers, huge anchors ; colliery trucks rattling down their loads between the rails, or along the sloping hinged shoots, of lanky-legged high- level tramways, terminating abruptly at the river side ; timber stacks, ponds of floating timber ; the " haunted house" of Willington – just fancy a ghost obstinate enough to refuse to give up possession in such a locality ! – ash-heaps bigger than those of the London Belle Isle ; ships on the stocks ; a dead- house ; a River Police station ; cranes ; cascades of yellow water ; trucks ascending and descending between the different stages of gaunt black staiths; ships repairing, sawmills, oil- mills, a church in which the Venerable Bede has worshipped ; and huge chimney- stalks, like blasted Australian gum-trees rising, apparently unconnected with any works, out of dark ballast hills. The ballast hills have been formed chiefly of Thames gravel, but on some foreign vessels have emptied foreign soil containing foreign seeds. Some of them have germinated and propagated their kind, not only on the hills, but also in the neighbourhood ; and those flowers whose original habitat is on the shores of the Mediterranean, faintly smile almost within reach of the spray of the German Ocean. An old Newcastle song, set to a very musical air, runs thus :– "As I came thro' Sandgate, thro' Sandgate, thro' Sandgate As I came thro' Sandgute, I heard a lassie sing, "Weel may the keel row, the keel row, the keel Weel may the keel row, that my laddie's in. 'He wears a blue bonnet, blue bonnet, blue bonnet, He wears a blue bonnet, a dimple on his chin ; And weel may the keel row, the keel row, the keel row, And weel may the keel row that my laddie's in.' " Steamboats and staiths have made keels and con- sequently keelmen comparatively scarce now-a-day's on the Tyne. Yonder, however, comes a keel ; a keelman steering it with his foot. It would be hard to say whether he has a blue bonnet or a dimple on his chin – he is so completely incrusted with coal dust. We pass also ash-laden lighters, earth-barges, dusky-sailed coal-barges, ships discharging ballast, ships taking in coal, boats towing rafts of timber, boats fishing for salmon, buoys of all shapes bobbing around, clumsy dirty dredging machines, slim new fruit steamers in all their glory of new paint, rusty screw colliers, still rustier sailing colliers, brigs and barques, comparatively clean ocean steamers, sturdy snorting black little steam-tugs, making the tow-ropes of the vessels they drag after them as taut as high-strung harp strings, and dirty river steamers, of which we sometimes almost run foul, whilst the engines on both sides trumpet like enraged elephants, and the respective skippers ex- change compliments, or rather blasphemy, with a broad Northumbrian burr. The letter R is a great a puzzler to a Tyneside man as to a South-country swell. There is a smoky red-tiled jumble of buildings on both sides of the river – North and South Shields – between which plies a steam ferry, not unlike a probate soup-plate. Between the two towns lies a fleet of of vessels of almost every build, rig, and flag. It has been said that a squirrel might go from St. Petersburg to Moscow by springing from tree to tree ; an agile man might almost pass from North to South Shields by leaping from deck to deck. After wan- dering about in South Shields, and finding not much to interest one in it on shore, I turn my steps towards an object of great interest it possesses for me afloat – of interest to my Sydney readers, too, I should say, if I may judge from the interest they take in the Vernon. Down through South Shields' Wapping or Ratcliff Highway – a narrow thoroughfare in which sailors' yellow oilskins, dreadnoughts, comforters, sea-boots, bedding, pannikins, etc, are exposed for sale ; hooknosed vendors peeping out of the forest like sly parrots — down to a landing-stage, from which I see an old man-of-war with jury-masts, dressed with washed clothes hung out to dry. Curv- ing my hands into a a speaking-trumpet, I arrive to bellow "Wellesley, ahoy!" but, having lost my voice, my summons "eventuates" in a croak-cum-squeak. A bronzed old pierman comes to my assistance and gives a Boanerg's hail. Pre- sently the Wellesley's jollyboat puts off, rhythmically pulled by a crew of lads in duck frocks and trousers. Presently afterwards the coxswain sings out an order which sounds very much like "Rhodd, fall !" and presently after that I find myself on the Wellesley's accommodation ladder Before I mount it, I will explain how the Wellesley comes to be anchored off South Shields, and why she is so called. Mr James Hall, of Newcastle, is both a benevolent man and a businessman. He was horrified at seeing hundreds of boys prowling about homeless in Newcastle and Gateshead ; being connected with the shipping trade he was alarmed at discovering that the A. B. British seaman was yearly becoming a scarcer amphibion, "Why not consume our own smoke – turn a nuisance into a commodity ?" reasoned prac- tical Mr. Hall. "These young vagrants, if caught in time, may be turned into first-rate sailors. Let them run wild ashore and they may come to the gallows ; train them for the sea, and they may mount the quarter-deck." Accordingly Mr. Hall begged of Government the hull of the Diana, a 1000 ton frigate, to serve as a Tyne training ship, and by indefatigable advocacy of his scheme raised £3396 11s to fit her out. The Committee of the Thames Reformatory, however wishing for a larger ship than the Cornwall, but at the same time to retain her name, the Admiralty granted them the Wellesley, and allowed them to rechristen her Cornwall, whilst on payment to the Thames committee of the cost of the fittings only which they had put in her, the original Cornwall was handed over to the Tyne committee and rechristened Wellesley. Now for the top of the ladder, where stands the manly-looking captain of the Wellesley – every inch a sailor – in undress naval uniform. "First you must understand," he says, as he kindly takes me from deck to deck, "that we are certified under the Industrial Schools Act, 1866. A first-rate Act that, if it were only properly carried out. It would sweep the streets clear of the poor little beg- gars, girls as well as boys, if we had only schools and ships enough to sweep them into. The terms on which we receive a lad for detention are that his time will not be up until he is sixteen (we can get him discharged earlier if he be- haves himself) and that he must be not less than ten nor more than fourteen, sound in mind and body, and have the makings ot a sailor in him. I suppose you understand what a razee is. Well the Wellesley's a razee, she is really the old Cornwall a 74-gun ship cut down to a 50 gun frigate We've turned the powder magazines into water tanks, and made a play- room by moving the cable tiers to the fore magazine. We've a topgallant yard rigged there so that, when the weather is very bad, the boys needn't go aloft for training. The noisy work is kept away from the school, you see. We used to have 200 hammocks on the lower deck, but I've substituted iron bedsteads of my own contrivance, and now we could stow 300 in the same space and give them better air. Besides that, the officer of the watch can see into every bed, and no mattresses are needed – and that's a saving of 7s. a head. You literary fellows, when you describe charities always want sensationnal facts, instead of putting down the real useful humdrum of the institution. However, I can give you a striking fact that is useful as well. We're lighted by gas brought under water from the town – the first ship that ever floated sir, that could dowse her glims by turning them off at the meter. Hot water-pipes we warm the hold and main deck with. But about my boys ? Oh, yes, of course, you want to get hold of something sensational. I can t give you that, but I can give you what's better – facts. All my boys have not been little gaol-birds, you must understand – perhaps 50 per cent. haven't. But they've all had a wretched time of it. When they come aboard, they are miserable-looking little ob- jects, with low faces it isn't pleasant to look at, and as ignorant as savages. They are more ignorant then savages, for they don't even know how to play. They'd rather tell a lie than not ; they do all kinds of monkey mischief, and quarrel like monkeys, and a few of them are very filthy in more ways than one. A strange thing is – if you think of the language they must have heard, and the language you hear from neglected children in the streets – that the lads here scarcely ever swear. They use indecent language sometimes, but they don't swear. The discipline of the ship soon tells upon them. They are – of course, I mean as a rule – eager to learn ; they soon drop their greediness, and become really generous ; they delight in music end everything appertaining to salt water ; and get quite an esprit de corps. The expression of their faces changes, and they make it a point of pride to be clean and smart. We give every boy a good chance to begin with. We take it for granted that there is nothing against him when he joins. If he misbehaves himself time after time, he is degraded to a second class. If he behaves better than the average, he gets good conduct stripes, with a penny a week pay for each. If he gets three, he can be made a first-class petty officer, with a badge. I have thorough confi- dence in my little acting petty officers – and, indeed, in almost all of my lads. There is scarcely one of them I should hesitate to send ashore by himself to get change for a sovereign. I've done it repeatedly. Of course, he might think that the chances were that the police would bring him back, if he ran away, but I do not believe that it is that which keeps him from running away. A healthy public opinion is growing up amongst us. We gave assistance to the Peri, and have volunteered to work the floating fire engine, and so we are learning to respect our- selves. I hold public meetings on board. The lads make suggestions as to disciplme, and so on, and, if I approve, they are put to the vote. A resolution carried in this way is far more effective than a rope's end in making the boys behave. Judge and jury are sometimes turned topsy-turvy on board the Wellesly. I'm judge, and decide that a boy is guilty ; then his mates choose a jury of petty officers to fix on his punish- meut. At one of their public meetings the boys voted unanimously that £10, which had been given to them for a dinner, should rather be spent in providing them with naval caps and ribbons with Wellesley on them in gold letters. I'm sorry you didn't come when you could have seen all my ship's company. This is a picnic day with us, and most of them have started already for the shore. Pipe the jollyboat's crew !" "You're the right man in the right place," I thought to myself, as I shook hands with the captain at the top of the accommodation ladder. And when my jolly young jollyboat's crew had landed me, and were pulling back, with a merry grin, to their ship, from which they were next to start for their North Shore picnic, I mentally parodied the say- ing of the humourist who thought it such a pity that fine, ingenuous Eton boys were doomed to grow up into uninteresting Members of Parliament. "What a glorious thing it is," I said to myself, "that these merry Tyneside lads – who a few months ago were miserable outcasts, rottening into neglect- avenging social miasma – are now ripening into British sailors, as brave and as handy as the old Nelsonic tars, mentally more enhghtened than our magnificent his- toric salts, and with a higher sense of personal and national honour !" Such thoughts put into words have a "high-falutin' twang that goes against my taste, but I do not know how to express my meaning better. 