LIFE IN ANCIENT ROME. It is oiio of tho many charms o. Horace s didactic writings, that I10 takes us into tho very heart of tho lifo of Roino. Wo loungo with its loungers along tho Via Sacra; wo stroll into the Campus Martius, where young Ilohrus wuh his noblo horsemanship is witching tho blushing Neobule, nl ready too much enamoured iff tho handsome Liparian ; and tho men of tho old school aro getting up nn appclito by gamos of tennis, bowls, or quoits; whilo tho young Grocianised fops — lisping fuoblo jokes — saunter by with n lisiloss contempt for such vulgar gymnastics. Wo are in tho Via Appia. Barind sweeps nloug in her chariot in superb toilette, shooting giuncos from her sleepy cruel eyes. Horo comos Burma — 113 ugly a dog os any in Rome— drossed to death ; und smiling Mulvolio- Bmilos of solf-complaccncy. Tho girls titter and exchange glances rb ho passes; Barrns swag gers on, feeling himself on inch taller in tho conviction that ho is slaughtering the hearts of tho door crooturos by tho score. A mulo with a dead boar thrown across it, now winds its way among the chariots and litters. A littlo nticad of it stalks Gargilius, attended by a strong foreo of retainers armed with spears and nets, enough to thin tho gnmo of the Horoynian forest. Little doos the mighty hunter dream that nil his friends, who congrutulato hitn on I113 succoss, are asking themsolvos and eacli. othor, whero _he bonght the boar, nnd for bow much ? We wandor back into tho city and its narrow stroots. In one wo are jammed into a doorway by a trnin of builders' wuggons laden with hngo blocks of stono, or massive logs of timber. Escnping thoso, wo run against a lino of undertakers mon, "performing" a voluminous and expensive funeral, to the discomfort of ovorybody and the impoverishment of tho dead mon b kindred. In ttie iiiext strfeSt 'we tnq the riBkof Jboing crushed by some huge piooe ' of ihasbrfYy -ffiS - thb' eot of being swung by a crano into its place; and whilo calculating tho cbancos ol its fall with up turned oyo, wo find oursolves landed in tho gutter hy "(in micloaii pig, wliich lias darted be tween our Iocs at some uttractivo uurbugo be yond. Thi- peril over, we encounter at t lie next : 1 1 1 111 i ' 1 cr a mail dorr, who makes a passing snap at our toga as he dart s into a neighbouring blind al'ay. whither wo do not earn to follow his vagaries among a envny of young Roman street Arabs. Beforo wo reach homo a mumping beggar drops before us as wo turn the corner, in a well-simulaled lit of epilepsy or of helpless lameness. ' Queere pereyrinum ' — " Try that game or. connl ry con-ins," — wo mutter in our beard, 11111I retreat to our lodgings 011 1 ho third floor, encountering probably on tho stair some hull'-tipsy art i-an or slave, who is descending from the attics for another cup of fiery wine at t he nearest wina shop. \Yo go to tho theatre. I Tim play is " lliono." hy l'acuvius : tho soeno a j highly sensational one, where the ghost of i)"iphobtis, her son, appearing to Ilionc, he- j seeches her to givo his body burial. "Oh mother, mother," tin dies, in tones most raucously tragic, "hear me call!" But the Kyun-lon of tho day who plays lliono. has been soothing his maternal (furrow with too potent I F11ler11i.nl. Ho slumbers oil. The populace, like the gods of our gallery, surmise lhe truth, ; and, "Oh! mother, mother, hear 1110 call!" is i , ellowcd from a thousand lungs, I Wo dine out. Micoenas is of the party, and conies in loaning heavily on the two umbra:-. (guests of his own inviting) whom lie has brought with liiui — habitues of what .Augustus called hi- " parasitical tabic," who make talk and find hutfooncrv for him. IIo is out of spirits to- day, and more reserved than usual, for a mes senger lias just come in with laid news from Spain, or lie has heard of a conspiracy against Augustus, which must he crushed before it grows 'moro dangerous. Viirius is there, and being a writer of. tragedies, keeps up, as your tragic author is suro to do, a ceaseless fire of puns mid pleasantry. At thoso young Sylmris smiles faintly, for his thoughts are away with his ladylove, tin; too fascinating I.ydiu. Horace — who, Iroui tho other side of the taldo, with an amn-cd smile in his eves, watches him, as ho " sighs liko furnace," whilo Netura, to tho ac companiment of her lyre, sings one; of S pphn's most passionate odes — whispers something in tho ear of the brilliant vocalist, which visibly provokes a witty reparteo, with a special sting in it for Horace himself, at which the littlo man winces — for have thero not boon certain love- pnssngos of old between Netcra and himself? Tho wino circulates freely. Mmcenas warms, and drops, .ilti tho deliberation of a rich sonor ous voice, now seme sharp sarcasm, new .seme aphorism heavy with meaning, which sticks to tin; memory, liko a saying id' Talleyrand's, llis umbnn, who have put hut little of idlaving Tiber in their cups, grow boisterous nnd abusive, and having insulted nenrlv evervhody at, the taldo hy coarse personal banter, thn pnrlv breaks up, and wo aro glad to get. out wit h flushed chocks and dizzy head into tlio cool air of an early summer, night — all tho more, that for the las! half-hour voting Pi-o at our elbow has lip.en import lining us with wlii pored specimens ol his very rickely elegiacs, and trying to setllo un early appoint ment for ns to hoar hitn read tho first six hooks of tlio great Epic with w hich he means lo electrify tlio literary circles. Wo roach the Fahrieiaii bridge, meditating as we go tho repartees with which wo might havo turned tho 'tables on thoso scurrilous followers of tho great man, lint did rint-. Suddenly wo run up against a gentleman, who, raising his cloak over his head, is on tho point of jumping into the 'fiber. Wo seize him by his mantle, and discover in the intended suicide an old acquaintance, equally well known to tho Jews and the hric-a-tiiue. shops, whoso tastes for speculation and articles 0; vertu have first brought him to tho money-lenders, next to thn dogs, and finally tn thn brink ol 1 1 in yellow I Tiber. Wo give In in nil tho so.-tercos we have about us, along with a few sustaining aphorisms from our commonphicu book upon the folly, if lint the wickedness, of suicide, and sen him safety homo. When wo next encounter tlio de cayed virtuoso, ho has grown a beard (vary badly kept), nnd set up as a philnsnpher'of tlio hyper- virtnous Jiiqttos school. Of coiirsu ho lectures us upon every vico which wo lisvo not, and every littlo frailty which wo have, with a point ad asperity that upsets our temper for tlm day. and causes ns long afterwards tn howail the evil hour in which wo rescued such nil ill- conditioned grumbler from tho kindly waters of tlio river. — Theodore Martin. 