THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OS1' iTHE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A privave letter from the Rev. E. Puller, the devoted missionary at Eraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, has been placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier. Mr Puller gives an interesting account of the work of the mission, and gives an acconnt of some of their prejudices and supersti tious notions. The mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in-law at any time; they believe that if she did he would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all como together to sing at school time, after being taught iu tho classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who hnppon to have their sons-in law there, and you will see them " backing" into their places in a most laughable manner. Tho son-ih-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or otherwise hide himself from his mother's gaze. The young man will not sit down on tho samo stool or box, or, in fact, anywhere where a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young man would sicken and die. So that we have to have one form or atool for the ladies, and another for the gentlemen. The shadow o£ young women must not pass over the sleeping places of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunt) sot, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths tow&rda; the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the niphf, in the channel, near the mission, and enable thorn to get on board tobacco, biscuits, &c.;, which the captains generally supply them with.5 A man cannot marry a woman be longing to his own tribe, and the children are'Supposed to belong to the "mother's tribe." Ab a rule the natives will-not eat pork, but Icannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and, like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, &c.; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is » devil (melloug), but they have no idea o£ a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers, since they havo coino in contact with Europeans, I re ay just say i-That on this island, which is about 83 mile3 long by 12 broad, thero are, X think, not moro than 300 blacks, and yet there are no loss than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, intro duced among them by ungodly white people, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many ilock3, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefB, that title ha3 almost died out, the strongest man or tho greatest bully "takes upon himself " to be No. 1. Although tho abori gines were not in tho habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now since tobacco has been introduced among them, they aro great smokers-men, women, and children. A little girl or boy about two or three years old may be seen with a pipe in its mouth smoking tobacco ; yet they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast out of tho child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, b\it they manage to get it at the townships and from tho vessels passing. Tho pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they ara awake. And o'gain, the Europeans not only supply then with pasta ot curds, but also take tb; troublo to teach them how to play; so that we not only have to preach Jesus to them, but alBO to preach against card playing, for they get so engrossed in playing them that they will not leave their game to come to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There arc parts and portions of the land which they look upon as indivi dually theirs; on the death of the father it descends to tho sons. They are cannibals; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they FIT a fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent amonff them now a3 it was before tho white man came. When a person dic3 they skin him (old men and women excepted); the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and: other parts of the body aro di vided.among the kinsfoUc. Sometimes they burn ,vthe , body," and - carry the ashes about,, They believe .that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift their camp when one has died among them. We have a native doctor hero who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c.;, from natives that were sick; .they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some consider able distance off, they also say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. 