THE GHOST OF RUSSIAN HILL. A great deal has been written about the large trees, the magnificent scenery, and the vast gold-fields of California. Even its mammoth vegetables and deli- cious mutton have had their honorable mention. In short, Ido not know of much connected with the country that we are unacquainted with. There's one thing, however, that "has not been told of within my knowledge, and that is a Californian ghost. The subject has at least the recommendation of rarity; and perhaps it may be found to possess some interest. For myself, I give no opinion upon the point—l could not at the time —but I will truthfully and faithfully record the story as it was said to happen, and was related to me by the poor woman whose belief at least could not be shaken in it, and over a portion of whose life it had exercised so strange an influence. It was in the year 1854, and I wasliving at San Francisco, Chancing to need some one to assist me in doing some plain sewing, Mr. Evans, one of the merchants of the town, and a man whose character for benevolence was known far and wide, gave me the address of a Mrs. Addis. She was a superior person, quite a lady, he said, who had come to that country from her native ?<m<i. America ; and was reduced to live by her own exertions. He added that she had been recently very ill with nervous fever, was hardly strong enough yet for the harder work of wash ing—which she had before been taking in —and no doubt she would be glad of the lighter employment of sewing. " Washing /" I exclaimed. " A supe rior person, quite a lady, and reduced to take in washing!" "Ay," replied Mr. Evans, "and thankful to get it." So, one morning, away I started for Mrs. Addis's, climbing over the interven ing «wihiH? that lay between St. Annis Valley and my more centrally situated home. The streets were not then cut through or paved as they are now, so the expedition wasquiteapilgrimage,andlwas tired before I reached the cottage of Sirs. Addis. I recognised it by the description Mr. Evans had given: a pretty white dwelling with green blinds, standing in a garden surrounding by a picket fence, with an ornamental porch, over which a green vine was beginning to trail. All looked fresh and new; and it appeared she had not long got into it. A little girl of nine was playing out side with a boy of three; another child, a girl of perhaps six or so, sat wrapped in a shawl, watching them. She looked ill; and indeed there was a delicacy about them aIL The moment they caught sight of me, all three evinced considerable alarm and ran indoors. In a minute the eldest came out again, sent by her mother. Blushing very much, she said I must please excuse her for running away, but she and her little Bister and brother were shy and not used to visitors. She was a gentle, pleasant-looking child, but in her face there lingered an expression as of some sudden fright, and I thought it must have been at me. Bfxs. A<l«^i« ra?raft to tiie door then. A pale, delicate-leoMng woman, with a sweet face of suffering, and a refinement of manner that surprised me. It was next to impossible to believe that the could be doing the work of a common washerwoman. Alas! I had not then the experience I have acquired since, of what well-reared women may be reduced to by distress when exiles in a foreign country. The porch-door opened into the parlor, and we went in. It was tidily, nay tastily furnished, with such articles as sojourners in Ban Francisco would most readily procure. A fresh matting covered the floor. Some cane-seated chairs and a round table stood about the room. Beside, there was a set of y^mnmna abelves trimmed with fringe, and plenty of little ornaments and sou venirs, bespeaking home friendships and loving parting gifts from the other side of the continent. AH this, and the wo man's, gentle manner and really pretty face, seemed more and more at variance with her hard calling; but as one sees these anomalies in a new country, as California was then, I came at last to the conclusion that, whatever circumstances had rendered it necessary for Mrs. Addis to work in the way she did, they had no power to destroy bar natural re finement of mind, with its old associa tions. " You must excuse my little people, if you please," she went on to say: " They are like frightened hares, and fly for shelter at the sight of a strange-face ; in deed, we are none of us strong just now, chough we are gaining health daily. All^ except Nancy, my eldest, have had a long, weakening fever." "Panama?" I suggested. "No," she said, and shuddered a little, speaking slowly; "it was - a ner vous fever. 1 am but just recovering from it myself, having had the most lengthened attack of the three." And then I remembered that Mr. Evans had mentioned it—a nervous fever. " What caused it 1" I asked. But to this question Mrs. Addis made no answer. An unmistakable shiver passed over her frame; and for the moment I thought she was going to faint. " I beg your pardon," she said. " I have been' much shaken in the nerves ; jarred and worried. Ido hope—l do trust that we shall all get well in time, now we are in this pleasant and peaceful house." " Perhaps the house you lived in before was damp 1" " No, I don't think it was damp ; it was not that," she said. "It was on Russian HilL" | " CTnhealthy, perhaps, in other ways ?" "Yes. Unhealthy—for us;" and there ensued the shiver again. " About the work, ma'am: what is it you wish me to do?" I sat and told her. I partook of some refreshment that they offered me—a mouthful of lunch, and some tea ; and I came away strangely interested in Mrs. Addis and her gentle children, and quite determined that that first visit should not be the last. " What is the mystery connected with her illness VI asked Mr. Evans when I saw him ; "there seems to be one." "It certainly does seem to be a mys tery—one, I believe, that nobody can ex plain or account for," was the reply of Mr. Evans. I daresay she will give you the history if you request it." And in due time 1 obtained that his tory ; and transcribe it as it was told to me, neither adding to it nor taking from it. In early times the monrui of transit from America to California were so very dangerous and comfortless that, like the man who had choice of two roads, travel lers were sure to wish they had taken the j contrary one. The lengthened horrors of Cape Horn, the Indian perils on the j plains, and the fearful fever on the Isthmus, gave ample themes for sym pathy, curiosity, and endless surmise. Mrs. Addis had come by the Isthmus, and her voyage was marked by an all absorbing sorrow, that swallowed np every smaller consideration of discomfort and annoyance—the death of her hus band. Mr. Addis had been a teacher all his life. Breaking down in health and spirits, as those who have much to do with the young sometimes do, he had undertaken the journey to California to recruit his strength, and also in the hope that he might find there some more profit able and less mentally laborious oc cupation. He died just as they came in view of Acapnlco, and lay buried there, far from home and kindred. Poor Mis. Addis came ashore with an aching heart, but a strong spirit, resolved to labor for the living of her children, the youngest of them nearly an infant, rather than undertake the voyage home again. Her father had been a poor clergyman; she had no friends in her native land capable of monwKng her; and would not go back to be a burthen upon them. When one has to lose cast and work for a living it is less hard to the mind to do it in a strange place. She did not know the work would be quite so menial, but she had put her shoulder to the wheel and took what came. At first nothing offered ; perhaps her visions were too nigh. She could only clasp her three children to her heart, and pray to be helped to provide for them, not to die of starvation. Mr. Evans, who had been one of her fellow-passengers on board the Sierra Nevada, that had brought them up from the Pacific, and who had seen her husband hud to rest in Mexican soil, was very kind to her in her desolation. Washing was paid for well in the place, for washerwomen were scarce; and the notion came to her that she should set up in the calling. It no doubt caused her pride kernel blow, herself a bitter heart ache—perhaps a struggle, yes or no, with her spirit; but she resolved on it. She thought she would get day help for the hardest of the labor. Mr. Evans and one or two other gentlemen who had been witnesses to her misfortunes clubbed together to set her going. They found a cheap, pretty house, furnished, on Rus sian Hill, and placed her in it. It over looked the entrance to the bay, and had a nice sweep of smooth ground around it, enclosed by a high paling, on which the linen could dry. They went with her to takeposaession of it; Mr. Evans and a Mr. Harley, the latter carrying the baby Willy. What with one busy preparation and another, the day had waned, and evening was drawing on when they started. It was a long toiling walk up Pacific-street; and then, ~ taking a winding path over the brow of the hill, and descending a little on the side that fronts the Golden Gate, they stood before the cottage. It was a little one- storied place ; with, a garden in front full of rank, overgrown geraniums and trailing Australian vines, straggling on either side the straight and weedy path. "This can all be donenp nicely, you know," said Mr. Harley cheerfully. "There was no time for it before you came in. It has been empty and neg lected for so long that it looks rather wild." Mrs. Addis answered in the same cheerful spirit; she was so grateful to them that she would not show any regret. But as she was crossing the porch to enter ihe doorway, a shivering chill struck her that it was impossible to describe or account for. The house was not dark. Those kind friends had had it lighted ; a lamp burned on the table; a fire blazed in the open grate; what could have given her that shuddering chill? The children, however, made amends for her silence, for they were loud in their delighted comments on the new house, and their surprise at its odd furniture. The room was a small, square apart ment, with an open grate and a front and back window. Its floor was covered with checked matting, and there woe two or three curiously colored rags laid over it. Besides a scarlet sofa and two large chain, much worn and faded, were some tiny Chinese tables, and a little cabinet placed on one of them. To the right a door opened into a smaller room, containing only a bed and an old walnut clothes press. Out of that was a larger room, built sideways and in the shape of the letter Ii; it had two French windows and a cheerful look-out citywards. A small kitchen completed the house. " Being night, it looks a little dull," observed Mr. Evans, as they vent through the rooms, "and smells earthy: bat that's owing to its having been shut up so long." It did smell earthy. The very air seemed dose and heavy r and Mrs. Addis thought it might be that which caused her strange oppression of spirit. Everything needed for their comfort was at hand, and the gentlemen departed, leaving grateful hearts behind them. The days went on, and the feeling of oppression, as Mrs Addis expressed it, wore lighter by degrees j but she always hadasenseof it more or less. Only when she was at work die did not so much feel it. Her kind friends had exerted them selves to get her plenty of work; it was hard at fast, but she had help, and got reconciled to it. The little room leading off the parlor was made a playroom for her children: it was lined with scarlet chintz; the large curiously-shaped room was made the bed-chamber. So she worked, and prospered; and began to put by a nice little sum every month towards repaying Mr. £vans and the other gentlemen what they had ad vanced her. Her expenses were not large. The rent of the house was re markably low, and she sometimes won dered at it, hoping that Mr. Evans was not paying part of it himself in secret. iHe said fee was not; but she could not help fearing it. They had no near neigh bors ; but farther down towards the Laguna was a settlement of Spanish people, whose children would come up and peep curiously through the garden rails. That their house had been in habited by Spaniards, who must have quitted it in a hurry, was evident, for the Furniture was all Spanish. When it first was Mrs. Addis could never distinctly trace or recollect that she heard the children allude to some one they called " the lady." She grew accus tomed to hear them talk of her; but when she at length asked an explanation of who the lady was, there seemed to be some mystery in the answers. The children only saw the lady "at moments," they said. They would look up from their play and see her by them, and when they looked again she'd be gone— they did not know where. "Does she come into the garden, Nancy V asked Mrs. Addis of her eldest girl, a most intelligent child. " She comes indoors as well, mamma." "Comes indoors as well! What does she say?" " She never speaks at all," was Nancy's answer. " Mamma, she just comes and goes, like the shadows in the garden." This was very strange. That it was some person from the Spanish settlement at the Lagnna who came up to indulge her curiosity, Mrs. Addis felt sure of. The next leisure hour she had she walked out that way, taking Nancy, and bidding her point out the lady if she saw her. Mrs. Addis did not-altogether like the idea of a stranger entering hex home at will without asking leave. It was a bright, sunshiny afternoon, and all the Spanish people seemed to be outside their cluster of "huts enjoying it. The women were sewing, the children playing. Mrs. Addis walked along, ex changing pleasant looks and nods -with these people, as is the custom in an un sophisticated place like San Francisco; and they nodded and smiled back again. "Do you see the lady, Nancy?" she. asked in a low tone. "No, mamma, I can't see her any where." All at once, as it were, Mrs. Addis became aware of a certain curiosity in the manner and looks of these people as they regarded her, far beyond the natural curiosity excited by strangers. It was, as she afterwards expressed it, an awe struck curiosity; they gazed at her as though she were a rare, wild animal. " Muy malo casa," she distinctly heard, and the speaker had her eyes directed to her home on Russian HilL Mrs. Addis had caught up enough of Californian Spanish to know that it meant "Very bad house." A small, bright-eyed "senora," with two children at her side, leaned against her little gate, looking both curious and excited; Mrs. Addis stopped and asked, in a mixture of tongues that might have made any one laugh to hear her, why they all stared at her so, and what was amiss with her or her house. The senora took* little time to gather in the meaning, and then she said she was mistaken about herself, for they all thought well and kindly of her; bat as for the house ! Here she shook Jier head j and gesticulated with her limfl*, and became quite unintelligible. Mrs. Addis begged her to repeat what she had said, which she did in precisely the same manner; but beyond the words, bad man and bad house, she could gather nothing. It made her feel uncomfortable, and as she went up the hill again, she regarded her neat little abode with a puzzled wonder. Having an errand to do at the nearest store, which was kept by an Italian, in a tent on Pacific-street in those days, she sent Nancy on to the younger children. When she returned, carrying her few litle parcels, twilight had set in, and the great misty columns of fog that sometimes sweep in from the sea, were making the landscape very dreary. Still, as she climbed the hill from the city side, she could see her own door quite plainly, and in it On three children at play. Not they only. There was a fourth figure standing with them—a Spanish girl of slender form. She had a serapa thrown over her shoulders, and was watching them with a s'ightl. drooping head. " That must be the lady!" exclaimed Mrs. Addis to herself with euddt-n con viction. " How young she looks !—quite agirL" In her excitement, lbs. Adis stumbled over a stone and dropped her paper of sugar. Stooping to pick it up, her ayes were withdrawn from the lady for an instant, and when she looked up she could not see her anywhere. The chil dren were playing on in the porch as before. In' her haste to gain the house she lost her breath. " Where's the lady 1" she enquired of her children. "In the parlor V The little ones looked round, as if searching for the lady so as to answer the question. "The lady is not here, mamma," said Nancy. " But she was with you a minute ago." They seemed surprised. One and all declared the lady had not been there that evening. Minnie, the second said she had not played as much as the others, and must have seen her had she come. But Mrs. Addis had the evidence of her own eyesight, and went to look; a vague feeling of something strange was beginning to dawn upon her. ' The lady was not in the garden, back or front, as might be seen at a glance. Mrs. Addis went into the different rooms indoors, and she was not there Where lay the mystery I In what did it consist? From that night a conviction of some thing dreadful—something to be avoided and feared, sat upon her. Day by day it deepened, like a «In.rlr«iing cloud. It was extremely painful to acknow ledge to herself that this curious and in explicable thing had greater power over her, in depressing her heart and paralys ing her spirits, than the severe sorrow that had passed over her life, leaving her alone in the world with its troubles. A vague fear of some ill to come haunted her, and yet she had not the courage to confess the weakness, and beg Mr. Evans to find them «i«*Jiiw home. Whenever the children named "tho lady," she shuddered, and yet could not reason clearly on the subject, or decide sensibly what foundation she had for misgiving. She became daily more op pressed by brooding over this very un certainty, and the shadowy dread that haunted her. One thing she observed, that the <JiiM?«?n never now opoke of seeing the lady but- in the litde red playroom. Whenever she appeared to them (if appear she did, and it was not all delusion on their part), it was always there. The singular circumstance was, that they had no fear; and whether they really believed that they saw the lady, one of real flash and blood, Mrs. Addis did not know. She would not talk to them about it. Thus the fime went on, and October came in. One day she had been down in St. Annis's Valley, and was toiling back upwards after her long journey over the pn.TirjhiUq. Glancing to the house whan she came in view of it, she saw one of their good friends, Mr. Brown, in the porch with the children. He had Willy in his arms, and the two girls were jump-' ing and talking by his side. " There's mamma !" they cried. " Mamma's come back." In that moment the strange and pain ful doubts were lost sight of by Mb. Addis; she laughed and nodded in re turn, and quickened her weary steps, Suddenly her heart stood still as though it were turned to stone. Passing lightly out at the door behind the group already there, came the figure of the Spanish girl, and stood amongst them so close that their garments seemed to touch; but no one noticed her or appeared to mark her presence. She leaned forward anxiously, and shaded her face with her hand as she watched, looking earnestly down towards and beyond the hill. For an instant Mrs. Addis seemed to lose sight-and sense; I and when she looked again the figure had gone. " Was any one with you here a minute ago ?" she asked of Mr. Brown. : "There's no one here but me, Mrs. Addis; me and the children. How ill you look! Your long walk has fatigued you." She said no more. It was on the tip of her tongue to tell him all, but she did not. Perhap? a dread of being Becretly laughed at prevented it. How she dreaded the staying on in that house on Russian Hill only heraelf knew. The rainy season commenced early ; there was a great deal of it; quite a flood; so that the children played in doors. Mrs. Addis never heard them talk of the lady now, and felt convinced she was not appearing to them. Only twice had Mrs. Addis beheld her ; yet she seemed to remember her face as clearly, every feature of it, as though she had known her for years. And, before attempting to relate what followed, a hope must be expresesd—as Mrs. Addis expressed it—that she should not be charged with insanity. It was the 19th of October; almost midnight; about a fortnight after the walk to St. Annis's Valley. Mrs. Addis, very busy over some sewing and feeling sadly desolate, was at work in her bed room by the light of the lamp, the three children abed and asleep around her. She sat there for company. The wind sighed drearily without, and the dull tolling of the fog-bell on the beach sounded on each rising gust. Almost imperceptibly at first, a soft, low moan began to mingle with the bell; and it caught by alow de grees Mrs. Addis's ear. She looked off her work to listen, her very blood feeling suddenly chilled. It came from the little room the children played in. She wa? convinced of that as she listened with hushed breath. Taking the lamp, she moved to the door, impelled by fear, im pelled with that strange impulse that for bids you to remain stationary in a dread such as this. Opening the door of the red room, she looked in, and saw? —well, saw what well-nigh turned her brain. She stood in a sort of dream, not knowing whether she was asleep or awake. The room seemed to be filled with furniture —furniture that it had not in reality —a bed and chairs, and matting on the floor. On the bed lay the lady she had before seen, the Spanish girl; her features distorted with what seemed to be a death struggle. A man, whose face was not discernible to Mrs. Addis, stood beside the bed. The Spanish girl made a frantic effort to spring up, as if to beat him off, and then sank back and moved no more. The man tore up the matting and some of the floor, and a great hole seemed suddenly to yawn there. Then, by the side of the j bed, appeared a long box, and Mrs. j Addis felt sure that it was not there a minute before. Into this the man pushed the insensible girl, and lifted it into the great hole. This was all. Terrified nearly to death, the poor woman lost her senses and fell. As she expressed it afterwards, a cold, dull, awful blank seemed to stretch itself like a black curtain between her sight and the world.- ' ' ■■ ' .-;.• ; The children found her lying there insensible, and help was" called in. In vain her fnsnds strove to .impress upon her that this strange scene she seemed to have witnessed was nothing but a dream, or a nightmare : she replied by asking whether the appearance of the Spanish girl to her and her children beforehand had been a dream. The night was'suc ceeded by a dangerous fever, and she lay for many days in delirium. Mr. Evans caused the floor to be taken up in the scarlet room. Underneath it lay just such a box as Mn. Addis had described: the lady within it unrecog nizable from the action of slacked lime. Then the poor people in the Spanish settlement were questioned, and they related what they knew. The house on Russian Hill had been the abode, of a young girl belonging to their people : she thought herself the wife of an Ame rican merchant, whonr she loved with intense devotion ; and she used to watch for his coming with anxious fondness. His real wife, meantime, sailed from her eastern home and came to join him ; and he, fearing' discovery, poisoned the poor girl, as 'twas thought; though none could prove it, and nothing positive was known beyond her disappearance on that night, the 19ih of October, two years before. The Amwican merchant abandoned the house and furniture, just as it stood ; giving an agent charge to let it for an almost nominal sum. After remaining empty some time, Mir. Evans took it for Mrs. Addis, its low rent being the in ducement, and he knowing nothing of the story. After the discovery Mrs. Addis was re moved, and lay long ill at the house of a kind Spanish woman who received her. Strange to say, her children also became ill: as if (people said) the curse on the house were working itself ont. A better home was provided for her—: the one in which she has been introduced to the reader—and she. removed to it. She was only then recovering from the long illness and was very. weak. Mr. Evans substantiated this story in every particular that he could, as did others. The suspected man had gone with his wife to Australia; and no one, bad held the Spanish girl in BnScient interest to follow him there' and charge him with his crime. He lives in im munity from it, so far as is known, to this day. ■.■•.-• 1 I make no remark-spon the story myself; I gire it as it was given to me. That it was stnngely'angalar, none can deny. ':- And if the reader should be carious on the subject of Mn. Addis herself, I may mention that she prospered well, and re gained her own position in life. But she never alluded to the house on Russian Hill with the least abatement of horror. Nothing in this world will ever shake her belief in the ghost that haunted it. — The Argosy. . 