The Elections. EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. At noon on Monday a meeting of electors was held at the huntings, Hyde Park, for the purpose of nominating a member 10 occupy the seat in the Bast Sydney electorate, ?vacant by the acceptance of office of Mr. Henry Farkea. About two thousand persons were present. Mr. Archibald Thompson (the Retuming-officer) be gan the proceedings by reading the UBual writ. vr* a i^inir tinwineed. and Mr. B. Rhodes seconded, the nomination of Mr. H. Psrke.-. Mr. James Jon. e was pro posed by Mr. J. Begg, seconded by Mr. J. P. Palser. Tbe Hon. Henry Pakkes, who was greeted with cheers, f aid he felt much obliged to the mover aad seconder of the otter candidate, inasmuch aa tney had not accused . him of being an accomplice in the Parramatta River ' murders. 1 fcey bad said nothing new. Everything that could be said of him bad already been said, short of some such ciime as he had alluded to. Bat there were other men quite as competent to form an opinion of his character as they were. There were other men possessing qnite as acute consciences as they bad. There were other men possessing as clear sensibilities as to what was right and proper ss they possessed. And where one of such men spoke in that reckless way in abuse of him, there were a thousand ready to speak in bis honour. (Applause.) There was anofher reflection which forced itself upon bis mind to-day— that men, inconceivably his superior, had had to tubmit to the same kind of abuee. There never yet was a man— even George Washington, whom posterity now re garded es the very model of purity— there never yet was a man who took a bold and independent course in public life but who called np hosts of enemies. And he was thankful to say that he had his enemies, because it was a proof that be had not shrunk from doing his duty. (Cheers.) He was thanklul that in this contest, it contest it was to be, that he had such gentlemen as the mover and seconder against him. (Laughter.) But if those persons who were behind the scenes, who were using the other candidate simply as a cat's-paw, really desired to oppose him, why did not Mr. Robertson resign his seat and meet him (Mr. Farkes) in the present contest ? That gentleman had threatened to take that course often. Why did he not do it now, if there was any such great principle involved in his re-election, as the gentleman who had nominated the other candidate had teld the electors there was ? Well, Mr. Robertson was not here, and it was well known man after man had been wailed upon— (' No ')— andno man of any public position offered to come forward to oppose his (Mr. Purkee's) re-election. Well, now, he would come at once to the position in which he stood before the electors to-day. Three months ago they, the electors of East Sydney, returned him by the largest number of votes re corded throughout the country. (Cheers.) What had he done since then which was not strictly in accordance with the principles which he announced when they pronounced upon him that magnificent verdict. Was there .a angle act of hie which they could point lo— which his bitterest enemy could point to— which \»as then inconsistent with what he then told them he would do '( He told them he would oppose the Ministry then in power. They elected him to do it. Had he not done it V And in contributing Iub mite towards displacing those gentlemen, had ho noi rendertd great publio service V (Cheers.) Well, those gerit'emen weit out ot office, and another gentleman was entrusted with, the formation of another Administration. That gentleman had nine days for his work. [A voice : ' You opposed him] He did not oppose him in any way whatever. He never in private eaid one single word to induce any friend of his (Mr. Parker ) from joining that gentleman. (Hear, hear ) He left him to take his course, and. he left his own friends tj take tbeir course. But that gentleman relinquished the taek, and by the sheer operation of the principles of the Constitution nnder which we lived his Excellency sent for him. (Cheers.) He in no vray thrust himself upon the course which had led him to his present high position. He had arrived at this high and distinguished position by the fair and legitimate working of the Constitu tion. And they might rest assured he would do his utmost to fulfil tbe duties that were required of him. (Cheers.) Well, what did he do ? He did not take the course which other persons had taken, he did not resort to any improper course in endeavouring to form an Administration ; but he sought the co-operation of some of the abler r, some of the most honourable, eomejof the most trusted of public men in the country ; and he had succeeded in obtaining their co- operation fairly, legitimately, and honourably, without in any single caseoffering one of the great offices of the Government to a second party. Being in that position, however unworthy he might be as the head of an Administration, it became his duty to oner himself to bis constituents, so that they, with all the facts of the case before diem, and performing their duty in the light of the Constitution, might pronounce upon him either their approval or disapproval. He for one was entirely in favour of the provision of the Constitution, which required members of theAesembly when accepting office.tjgo before their constituents. He was present therefore on this occasion in accordance with a principle whioh he believed to be sound, and he did not fear the result, whatever it might be, on Wednesday next. (Chetre.) One thing he might tell them for the encouragement of those gentlemen who were opposing him, (Hear, hear.) If they oould succeed in de feating him on Wednesday next, he would the next day tender his resignation to his Excellency. So that if they wished to displace him from power, all they had to do was to have a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether. And let all who were opposed to him unite and do their ut most: and if they could succeed at the poll on Wednesday, they should succeed altogether. Well, that might mean one or two things. It might mean that he had unbounded trust in the electors, or it might meas that he took an im partial view of the Constitution. He thought it meant hoth. He had implicit trust in the support of file electors — (oheers)— and he felt aa certain as that he stood there that he should be member for East Sydney, on Wednesday next. (Applause.) It now became his duty to offer a few remarks, and they would be few, upon the prinoipleB of the policy by which he and his colleagues would be guided in the high places whioh they now ocoupied. And whatever those gentlemen who were opposed to him in this contest might eay, and whatever his worst opponent might say, he ventured to predict that whenever he retired from office, be it eoon or be ft late, no person would be able to show that he had done a single act in office for his own aggrandise ment. And he again challenged, as he had often challenged, the whole community to point to a single aot of his in hi* public capacity where he sought to abuse the powers entrusted to him for Mb own individual benefit. And he premised them that ao member of his family should have a situation under Government. He promised thU he would, exercise power in no way whatever to benefit any person in any way connected with him. Passing from that general course of administration which he should feel bound to take, he now came te one or two leading questions of the day. If he remained in office sufficiently long he should certainly not shrink from dealing with the largest of all our public questions, the alienation of and settlement of the people upon the lands of the country. In dealing with that question, if it ehouldjje his good fortune to get to it, he should be guided by these general principles. He should endeavour to settle the country in every instance upon a freehold basis, so that the small agricultural settlers of the country should have the fee- simple of their homesteads in their hands ; that there should be, in other words, no deferred payments or obligations of any kind hanging over their beads. That class of our colonists who enter upon our wild lands, and by means of labour (the most precious of all the elements of civilization) convert the wild territory into a productive region, were the most valuable, and ought to be the most respected, class in the community. The zaaa who made two ears of corn grow where only obb pre viously grew had always been regarded as abenefactor ; but the man who made one ear of com grow where nothing grew b -tore was in an essential degree a benefactor to a young conntoy like this. In any legislation which' he might have the good fortune to introduce on this subjeot he ehonld -sideavour to pa»p the principle which had worked eo exceedingly well in Canada and other puts of North America- he meant that tbe freehold homestead of the agricultural settler ehonld not be capable of being seized or takm for any debt, or for any c*use what ever, for the term of thirty years. Of ciurBe, the ttojckcepers and everybtdy else would know the law. | It was a wise law, and had worked in the most beneficial manner in other parts of the world— that those struggling j ruen who had formed homes should be secured against the j reverses of fortune, against all chances, against all schemes , of rapidity, again*! their own folly and will, that they I should bo feecured in thope homes for at least a generation. '? Before he pawed from this question, in the general obserra : turns which he had to niike, he wished te observe that he ! should be as scrupulous us any man in regarding the jmt j rights of that largo and important class of our fellow I colonists, the pa* toral tsjnants. Ho wished to do no injury j to tho pastoral tenants whatever. And be should be pre ? pared, to the best of hie ability, to secure for them every j advantage for tbe proper prosecution of their calling — i shot of any attempt to invade the privileges of the rest of ! the community. .Turning now to the question of eur i fiscal legislation, it was not likely, eo far as ho j could judge, that the present Government would, during the present session of Parliament, deal with that question. But if at any time he and bis colleagues should be called upon to deal with that important question, he should at all times do the best he could to protect the young commerce of Ibis country from any unnecessary impediment «-r re striction. Whilst be said that, be ve'ntured to state as his own opinion that if we ore to have anything like pro tective duller in this country, it would be far wiser, far more intelligible, far more consistent with the public wel fare, to impose duties upon a few articles which needed pro tection, and leave other artieks which did not need it as free as possible. He stated that as bis opinion. The Govern ment with which he was connected would at all times en deavour to eave our young commerce, to which they attached the greatest possible importance, from any unnecessary em barrassment or restriction whatever. As to the question which had been before the country and which had caused a great deal of discussion, and which contributed mainly to the reversal of the opinion ef the electoral bodies in the late general election—and the question which, if he under stood the present position rightly, was the only real ques tion in controversy in this election — he meant the question of collecting the Border duties on the fiiver Murray— as te that question ho should not for a moment shrink from staring' his views, and stating expli citly what would be the course of the Government of which he was a member. For ten years past, on all occasions since the question was mooted, he had been opposed to the collection of the Border duties. (Cheers, and a few counter cheers.) As far back as 1864 he delivered his views on this subject in the Legislative Assembly, and on all occasions, at intervals, since then he had repeated the fame opinions. Those were his opinions now. [A voice : What about Gavan Duffy?] gome personaskedhim 'What about Gavan Dnffy ?' Just for & moment he would digress from the general course of his observations and deal with that impertinent interruption. Of all the charlatanism, of all the unfair, disingenuous, mean, and contemptible methods that he ever saw public men resort to, the worst and the gravest had been resorted to by men who ought to have taken a very different stand in this country in reference to that gentleman, because he happened to be Chief Secretary of Victoria. (Cheers.) What in the world had Gavan Duffy to with this question ? How in the world could this question in any way affect that statesman P Why those persons only thowed their utter ignorance of the whole ques tion — (cheers)— when they treated it in this flippant, tliis idiotio manner. (Laughter and cheers.) Why the question of collecting the duties did not in reality concern the people of Victoria. Their trade was so trifling, that the collection of the Border duties did not concern the Victorian people at all. But it did concern our owu people, It was the people of New South Wales who were interested in this question, and not the people of Victoria, in any appreciable cegree. (Cheers.) He could show them that at once. Nearly the whole of the trade across, or by way of the river Murray came into this country, and the persons who felt the annoyance, who felt the meddlesome interference of the Custom-house officers were onr own colonists, not the colonists of Viotoria. And he felt persuaded that eo far as the jaeople of Victoria were con cerned, they would prefer having the duties collected. Now, with regard to Mr. Gavan Duffy. What possible interest could that gentleman personally have in this question ? Everybody knew that Mr. Duffy, as the Chief Minister of Victoria, met the delegates of this colony in a fair and reasonable spirit. (Cries of' No, no,' and cheers.) That could not be denied. It was proved by the documents now on the table of the Legislative Assembly. What Mr. Duffy really eaid was this : ' You prove what you are en titled to, and whatever that sum may be, the Government of Victoria will pay it to you.' And what could possibly be fairer a b the basis of a safe and satisfactory agreement than that P But it suited a certain class of persons who were deficient in argument, who felt that their cause would not bear the test of reason, to endeavour t« create a prejudice, simply because the office of Chief Secretary of Victoria was filled for the moment by Mr. Gavan Duffy. Well, he did not hesitate to say that in his judgment Mr. Gavan Duffy was one of the ablest, one of the most accomplished, one of the purest publio men in Australia. (Cheers, and cries of ' Oh, oh. ) He believed that that gentleman's character was above reproach. And he knew that Mr. Duffy stood high in the estimation of some of the best men living on the face of the earth. But what had he (Mr. Paikes) to do with all that P As a Minister of this country he should not shrink from Mr. Gavan Duffy. (Hear, heir.) And in treating this important question his first duty would undoubtedly be to secure the rights and the interests of this country of ours. But if he could secure the rights end interests of this country without inflicting hardship upon thirty or fort; thousand of our own people, they might depend upon it that, as it was his duty, he should do ft. And he believed that our revenue might be secured, that we might obtain every shilling to which we were entitled, by an arrangement which would relieve our Border settlers from annoyance and interference by having Custom-house officers at their doors, and which, without compromising the members of the Govern ment would be satisfactory to every fair and right minded man. Eo far as he could he should do his utmost to bring about that result. But if it could not be done without sacrificing those interests, depend upen it he should never sacrifice those interests. He scarcely thought he eheuld detain them much longer. There were several questions of great importance upon which it might be necessary for him to say a few words— amongst others, the question to which be alluded on Saturday night— lie meant the conduct of the Government in relation to the persons employed in the various departments of the Govern ment. On that question the course which he, as a member of the Government, would take — and he had no doubt that the Government, as a whole, would take the same course — was this : he should endeavour to give to the persons in the employment of the Government, whether mechanics or labourers, the highest rates of wages that were given by private firms. (Cheers ) The Government would not give more, nor would they give less. But they would endeavour to hold an even scale of juitios between those persons who were employers and the persons who were employed by the Government. The new Government did not enter upon office at a time free from perplexities and free from difficulties. Much confusion had resulted from the pro ceedings of past Tears— especially from the proceedings of the last eight or nine months. Many questions, in his judgment, had become seriously complicated; false prin iples of legislation had taken root and would have to be eradicated by prompt measure?. But the course of the Government throughout all this complication and confusion web clear. They had only to pursue the broad path of duty, to fear no adverse influence, and yield to no improper temptation ; but looking steadily to the acts of to-morrow end the day after, ana to the time when they must all come before the electors of the country. And whilst they used their utmost abilities for the furtherance of what they believed to be right, and cherishing, as he felt they would have a right to do, a belief that the people Vould be generous to the mere faults of judgment — whilst pursuing that couK e, tnming neither to the right nor to the left, and keeping before them as their great object the public wel fare—they would be safe. Even if they had not the requi eite ability to make a successful Government, they would be safe, and when they returned their trust to /he people, ibB people would not refuse to give them their approval if they went before them with dean hands. Ha knew that, as he stood in the presence of tbe God who made him, he had only one single purpose in taking office, and if it ehould be hie good fortune to leave office with a higher name, and a larger trust reposed in him by tbe unbiassed people of the country, he Ehould have his full award. He only sought, vilh tho btst of fcie ability, and with what little expert aoe | he had, to work for the best interests of the country, with wbom he now left the verdict of the day. (Applause.) Mr. James Jokes, who was received with applause, said that he appeared before the electors under great dis advantages. (AvoiceJ: ' To wadeup to your neck in blood.' Laughter.) Some of the electors might think it temerity on his part to appear in a contest against a man of the un questionable ability of Mr. Henry Parkes. (Hear, hear.) If it were a question of ability, which was undoubted aa far as Mr. Parktfl was concerned, he (Mr. Jones) should not have appeared that day to contest the election. Mr. Parkes's long political experience and long practice as a fj-eaker placed that gentleman far beyond him— (hear, hear)— as no doubt they would see that day. (Uproar.) But it was not a question of the atility of Mr. Parkes, but of his moral fitness lo hold the position of the Premiership of this country. (Hear, hear.) That, he (Mr. Jones) held, to be tbe question in that election. (A voice : ' They are making a fool of you.') He was confident that a large number of these gentlemen— (uproar)— who were indulging themselves in a little by-play would record their votes for him (Mr. JoneB). He believed they would not call it temerity on his part when it came to a question of moral fitness. (Dirturbance.) There was a large body of dissent in this community touching the political action of Mr. Parkes during the last three years and since his election at the last geneiel election. ('Come, wake up !') That dissent was entertained — (' speakup ')— by the Protestants and Boman Catholics of this country alike— (cries of ' no,' ' that will do,' uproar and hooting) — from the slanders end calumniations which Mr. Farkes, in office and cut of office, heaped upon that section of the community. [A voice : ?' We want no religion.'] He said that dissent was entertained by the Protestants of the country— (' That won't wash ')— from the tergiversation which that gentle, man had exhibited since his election. (Uproar.) He was confident, if they esked the ' still small voice ' within them —for they would have heard of the union between Mr. Paikes and Mr. Butler— (hooting and uproar) — which was anything but what it should be — they would dissent from it. (Disturbance.) It was a spectacle which had been seen, he believed — (uproar) — but which neither Protestants Eor Roman Catholics could morally believe in any more than we ever did in the celebrated— (disturbance)— Btory of the KiatDS ghost— (hooting)— the hallucination of Mr. Parkes's brain. (Hooting.) If the Roman Catholic body — (hooting)— forgot when they were insulted, when they weic trampled upon, he, as a liberal Protestant, did not forget it, and protested against it. (Hooting.) If they forgot that when he held the office of Colonial Secretary he prostituted that office and made it the instrument to torture tbe feelings of a large section of the connnwaity by lies and slanders, by keeping Protestantism in that country at au unhealthy stretch; if the Roman Catholics forgot that, he, as a Protestant and Christian man, did not. (Hooting.) Mr. Parkes, for the last three years, had preyed upon the religious differences of the com munity. (Uproar.) He had made that his rule, and by that he should be tried. And now, forsooth, he came with cap in hand to the Roman Catholics of that community. (Hooting, and uproar.) He (Mr. Jones) bnew he had their indulgence — [a. voice : ' We want something original'] — and he would help them to consider tbe moral position of that election. He asked them what confidence they^could have in the sincerity of the union of Mr. Parkes with Mr. Butler. (Uproar.) Was there ever a more grim spectacle (' You ought to be ashamed of yourself'). The man who held office should make it his duty to conserve the rights and privileges of the people at large, and should not sacrifice them. [ tlr. Jones was prevented from speaking for a con siderable time, owing to the uproar and confusion. Order having been restored he continued.] He confidently trusted in the moral sense of the constituency to give a . proper verdict on Wednesday, and on that day to uphold the moral character of that community ; but whatever the result might be, he should have the consolation of having done his duty, and of having exercised his undoubted right, according to the Constitution. (Uproar.) Thore were two parties who had something to Bay in regard to the appointments. (' You are in the wrong shop.') His Excellency had called upon Mr. Parkes to form a Ministry; and he (Mr. Jones) had nothing to say against tbe gentlemen who were associated with him. He had the highest esteem for them personally and otherwise. His Excellency had one eay in the matter, and the con stituency had another, and he trusted they would ponder well the question which, in this case, was more important thon usual, as touching the moral fitness of Mr. Parkes to occupy a high position in that country. In tbe combination which had taken place between Mr. Parkes and bis colleagues he could see an illustration of the principle of the couplet, *' Get wealth and place, if pcssible with grace ; if not, by any means get wealth and place.' The interests cf the country, in the combination, bed been subverted to* considerations of place and pay abne, for there was no community of sentiment and no identity of principle in these two gentlemen. (Uproar.) The . electors would that day go forth animated by the noble words of the immortal bard, ' Thrice is he armed who bath his quarrel just.' They had a great opportunity of signalising tbeir moral sense of what was right, and in scribing a page in the history of the colony (uproar) by voting against Mr. FarkeB, and conveying to him a salu tary lesson, and to all those like him who traded upon the religious differences of the community (uproar), and who acted with like tergiversation. This was the time to try Mr. Farkes, who should be brought to account now, for when the year passed away it would be forgotten. Even now it was forgotten, and they wanted to forgive the man who had intuited and degraded them to the last. (Uproar.) Now, he might say, with regard to his political opinions, (hat I am generally in accord with Mr. Parkes. (Laughter, and a voice ' Why do you oppose him, then?') That gentleman's opinions upon political questions, he might say he was generally in accord with. That he thought was sufficient. (Laughter.) He had entertained similar views to Mr. Parkes for some years past. He thought he had done right in coming forward upon that occasion to. take the sense of the electors, and to enable them to exercise a Constitutional right, which would be much better if it were more frequently exercised. (Cries of ' Thafs enough,' and ' We are satisfied.') He fogged to thank them for their patient hearing— (On ! oh ! and laughter)— and looked with confidence to the result on Wednesday, to prove the justice and propriety of the course be bad taken. (Uproar.) 'lbeRETURNiNG-OFricEB. called for a show of hand's, which was declared in favour of Mr. Parkes. (Cheers.) A poll was demanded. On the motion of Mr. Parkes, seconded by Mr. Jones, a vote of thanks was passed to the Retarning-Officer, and the proceedings were brought to a close by three cheers for the Queen. The Polling. The polling took place on Wednesday, 22ad instant, and although these was comparatively little excitement, it was evident from the number of cabs and other vehicles en gaged in conveying voters to the booths, that the sup porters of each candidate were working hard to secure a victory. The poll closed at the usual hour, and at half past^ o'clock between 4000 and 5000 persons had assem bled in front of the hustings, Hyde Park. Shortly after 5 o'clock the Returning-officer gave oat the namberd as follows : — Mr. Paries ? 2686 Mr. Jones ? 1216 The announcement of the result was received with cheers which were repeated when the Returning-Officer declared Mr. Farkes duly elected. 