THE WHISTLING GHOST. ONCE a carpenter my neighbour was— I liked him very well, Though his chickens raked my garden, And his children rang my bell; Though his big dog chased my servant, And his cats' felonious claws Once dissected my canary; Though too oft he sharpened saws. Overlooking these misdoings, Still I smiled upon "next door" (When my little frets were over) Just as sweetly as before! But at last he took a "prentice," Who from morn till burning noon, And from noon again till bed-time, Whistled—always out of tune. I endeavoured to forget it; Not to listen I would try; Not to mind it—not to curse it— Not wish that boy might die! Hearken to my dread confession Of the fault too long I've screened; How this tuneless 'prentice changed me From a Lady to a Fiend! Many books I lent the 'prentice, Telling him what fortunes be— Found by folks on far-off islands— Folks who rum, away to sea! Volumes by MAYNE REID and others (Knowing wildernesses well) Filled with feats of "foaming mustang"— Piled with praise of "prairie belle." And at last the will availed me, For he fled, beneath the moon— Fled in silence (for he dared not Then to whistle out of tune). Well, peccavi! I am haunted, For I hear him yet, although Years and years have passed—I hear him Whistling, everywhere I go! Once, upon a Sydney steamer, As I voyaged there ariz Somewhere, down beside the furnace, Whistling, that was only HIS! Jolting once upon the plank-road (Buninyong to Ballarat), All the way the cabman whistled, And he whistled always flat! 'Twas again my spectral 'prentice! —While Cobb's coach one midnight dash'd On the forest-track where distant Fires of splitters faintly flashed— Then again, again I heard IT! Rocking, as an earthquake rocks, Swayed the coach, and I was in it, And my WHISTLER on the box! Tuneless One, have mercy on me! Ghost that art without an ear, Canst thou not be breathless also? Why this exercise severe? Lungless, of a surety, art thou, Yet I hear thee everywhere: Coming home from evening service— On the Town Hall's outside stair. In the theatre I've shuddered At thy discord rude and shrill; Are the supers slow?—Thou whistlest: Goes all well?—Thou whistlest still! Mea culpa! I deserve it, For that 'prentice lured to run For my riddance.—But what mischief Have the other people done? Have all taught a tuneless 'prentice Silent flight by favouring moon?— No?—then wherefore haunt them, SPECTRE, Whistling ever out of tune? 