DR. BLOMBERG'S GHOST-STOR*. During the American "War, two officers of rank were seated in their tent, and de layed taking their supper till a brother of [ ticer, thenabsent upon a foraging partv, should return. Their patience was well nijih exhausted, and they were about to commence their meal, concluding some thing had occuredto detain the party, when suddenly his well-known footstep was heard approaching. Contrary to their ex pectation, however, he paused at the en trance of the tent, and without coming in called on one of them by name, requesting him with much earnestness, as soon as he should return to England, to proceed to a house in a particular street in Westminister, *in a room of which (describing it) he would find certain papers of great consequence to a young lad with whom the speaker was nearly connected. The speaker then ap parently tarned away, and his iootsteps weredistinctly heard retiring till their sound was lost in distance. Srruck with the sin gularity of his behaviour, they both rose, and proceeded in search of him. A neigh bouring sentinel on being questioned de nied that he had ever seen or heard any one although, as they believed, their iriend must have passed close by bis post. In a i few minutes their bewilderment was changed into a more painful f«?eiing by tie approach of the visiting officer ol the night, who informed them that the party which went out in the morning had been surprised and that the dead body of poor Major Blom berg (their friend) had been brought into tbe camp about tea minutes before. The two iriends retired in silence, and sought the corpse of the person who, as bo h were fully persuaded, had just addressed them. They found him pierced by three bullets, one of which had passed through his tem ples and must have occasioned instant death. He was quite cold, and appeared to have been dead some hours. It may be easily conceived t :at a memorandum was immediately made of the rrquest they had doth so distinctly heard, and of the circum stances attending it, and tuat on the return of the regiment to Europe, no time was lost in searching for the papers. The hou?e was found without difficulty, and in an upper room, agreeably with the information they had received in such an extraordinary manner, an old box was discovered, which hid remained there many years, containing the title-dee is of some property now in the posses-ion of the Rev. Dr. Blomberg, who was the " lad" mentioned by name by the voice at the tent o'oor. Tiiis story, adds Mr. Barham was re peated to me by Mr. Atwood, the King's organist, at Dr. Blomberg's own table in bis temporary absence. Mr. Atwood de clared that he had heard the story related by George IV. (whose foster-brother Dr. Blomderg was) more than once, and on one occasion when the doctor himself was present. He further stated that tbe King had mentioned the names of all parties concerned, bat that, with tbe exception of Major Blomberg's, they had escaped his meaiory. Since the foregoing pages were prepared for the press a very different version of the story has reached me, furnished by a mem ber of tae family to the head of which the Yorkshire property has descended. The account given by my informant contains the substance of a narrative of the circum stances under which the alleged supernat ural communication was made, drawn up by the officer to whom it was particularly addressed. It runs as follows :— Captain (? Ma^or) Edward Blomberg was left a widower, with one little boy, two years old, who was heir to a tair estate in Yorkshire then in the possession of Baron Blomberg. The captain's regiment being stationed in the island of Martinique, he i was, io the course of duty, seat off with de spatcbes to a place at a considerable dis- . tarice' from bead-qnarfera. One night,! shortly after bis departure, an officer who, in consequence of the crowded condition of the barracks, was sharing his chamber with j ft comrade, was aroused, just as he was' I dropping'off to sleep, hy the opening of the , door. Captain Blomberg' entered, i walked slowly 'to his friend's bed, and drew back tbe mosquito curtains. " WbyT 'Blomberg!" exclaimed the lat ter in astonishment, " what on earth has brought yon back ?" Tlse intruder answered: "This night I died at and I have come bifber to beg you to take charge of nay little orphan boy." He then gave the address of tbe child's grandmother and aunt, who were residing in London, and reques ed' that bis son might be sent to them imm« diately; adding directions as to the search ing for certain papers necessary to establish the boy's title to the property of which he was heir. This done, without waiting for a reply, the figure departed. Pernlpxed, not to say alarmed, and thinking it just possible that his imagination had played him liaise, the officer called to the occupant of tbe other bed : " Did you/' he asked,u see anj one come into the room ?" " Yes," was the answer; it was Blom berg,' was it not ? What did be want " Didn't you hear what he said 1" " JN o" returned the other; " I could hear that he was talking to you, but what what he said I was unable to make out/' The fir-t speaker then related the extra ordinary communication he had just re ceived. Both officers were much affected by the strangeness of the affair, and were not a little 'ridiculed on tbe following mim ing when they narrated tbe occurence at breaktast in the mess- room. In the even ing, however, a message was forwarded to the general m command to the effect that Captain Blomberg's death had taken place on the preceding night, just at the time of his appearance in the bedroom. It came out that he bad died of fever, evidently brought on by depression of spirits occa sioned by the loss of his wife. No time was lost in seeking out the child, who was found and despatched to England, where he appears to have been somewh coldiv received by his grandmother. His story, however, happened to reach the ears of Lady Caroline Finch, the Queen's gover ness, who repeated it to her Majesty. The Que*>n, struck by the interest attaching to the boy, declared that little Biomberg should never want a home ; and imme diately sending for him ordered that he should be brought up in the royal nursery. She afterwards provided lor bis education, and saw to the settlement of bis property. In addition to this, when the lad reached the age of nine years, the Queen employed Gainsborough to paint his p irtrail, and subsequently presented the pi;ture to the original. This lad, brought up at the pal ace, became in due time chaplain to George IV. and residentiary of St. Paul's H married Miss Flover, a Dorsetshire la<lv, but, coutinuing childless, adop'ed h^r neice, and narrative and portrait, papers and estate —to say nothing of the ghost's plates and spoons—are, I am told, at the present in the possession of this lady's representative Whatever may be the expla ation given of some points of this story, such as the belief of one officer that he heard the words ascribed to Maj >r Blomberg, and of the other that saw him enter the room, it is an undoubted fact, confirmed by numerous in stances, thaf impressions are of en conveyed to. the mind of the presence of deceased persons, and this, if credit is to be placed on testimony, at or near the time of the de cease. as afterwards ascertained. It is for physiologists to explain this, but in all re ported cases it is essential that the facts and dates should be noted privately, before any public notice of the ^eath can have been received. -Z/eisure Sour. 