CARRICK.' ' :(Fromn our own Corrsmpndcint.) ix A lecoture was delivored by the Rov. N. Bon- IT nott to a respectable 'audience, pn Tlmrsdady ovening at the Wesloyan Chllapel, on "Epitaphs.' Mr W. Stokes in the chair. The lecturer in formed his.audienco that for years past while travelling he had been in the habit of visiting church: yards and collecting opitaphs ; also he had culled a number from the Monthly Rcview and Literary Journal 1771, hle said r that 'it was doubtful if the Jews wrote epitaphs on their tombstoimes;:the " Pillar of Rachel's Grave" he believed contained no inscription in the shape of an epitaph. The early lomans and Saxons permitted opitaplhs to be written on the tombs of eminent men only:, Mr Bonnett then gave t1 examples of the ditlerent kinds of epitaphs, and classed them under the heading of, "affectionate relations, humorous; &c.;" Whilo giving exam- 4 ples' under' the •last heading "ho kept the audience in roars of laughter; while 'describing those epitaphs which ascribed to the dead vir- * tues thox never possessed whilo living. Mr Bennett instanced that of Dunn the bushranger and said that never before were the beautiful lines of Hebor so basely prostituted, and that it was no wonder that a clergyman once wrote on the gate pdst of a Church-yard :?- ' "Here lioth the dead And liero lie 'the living.". With regarid to tlho "Profane" epitaphs,. Mr Bennett said it was a strong proof that thlron a were no ghosts; if' there were any they would 1 surely eraseo the whole of these opitaphs from c the face of thp earth. A vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer by' acclamation.r .'. ' . Early this morning (Friday) the Steam mill I was discovered to be on fire,, but the flames 1 were forti?ately rextinquishmed before they had a proper 'hold on the building, or did nmuch damago.' Had it been discovered a few minutes later, it is probable that by this time it would have beoon reduced to ashes, as we have no faci lities on this township to put out fires--not so much as' long ladder.. October 11; To DESTROY BLAOK BEETLES.-A certain remedy is to. procure. some bracken, Peteris I ailina, or comnunon fern, plentiful on commons, and put it down about the house at night. The black boetloa.will eat it ravenously and soon die, and their relatives will pick their bones. It is cosmmonly used in the. north of England imnglisIh Mechmnic. 