"MURDER WILL OTJT." b Asr Americas Stont op Lynch Law. There was something Binieter about the expression of bis face that I assure you didn't make me, feel at all comfortable. The more 80, as tbfe storm was evideutiy s=till increasing in violence, the wind liowliug fearfully on every side, and it looked as if he were to be the only other occupant of the dreary railway car besides myself, aud i had alrea iy travelled many .a mile, and. was oppressed with an irresistible inclination -to drop off, right away, asleep; and sleep I felt I would, and soundly too, if I erer yielded myself up into the tempting embrace of the drowsy god. He was evidently a halfcaste. There was ~ unquestionably a "smattering" of Indian blood ia his veins. That I could see at ouce, and irom bis general contour, his roundish full face, his closely-cut black beard aud moustache and short hair, I concluded that his" claim to civilization lay on tlfc French side of humanity. Iii short, -from my experience of American life, with its many varieties of race, I reckoned that the paternal relative of my temporary fellow-traveller was of French origin, while his mother had been one of .the native races of South Aim rica—many of whose women can lay claim to great personal attractions. He seated himself opposite me, though in a slanting direction, at the other side of the car. I eved him askance. Extensive travel had long ago rubbed away all the little idiosyncracies of character "that, might have embedded jthemselves in my original composition, so that at the tiu\e I am speaking of I considered myself, and not without some sense of satisfaction, a thorough-bred citizen of the worldready and willing to indulge in any conversation, or act in any way that the fortunes of travel might require'. Still, with all my experience, a certain undefined, vague, mysterious feeling awed my aoul, as with askance eye I looked at the dark man opposite me. . We passed "a few ordinary salutations, but I was in no mood for coavers:itiou "with my fellow-traveller, and I was glad that the grating noise of the train and the angry bowling of the storm outside prevented any lengthened intercourse between us. " Do you know how far we are from Greenwoodville ?" after a long silcnce, _lie enquired of me. "About- twenty miles," I replied. " Do you stay there for the night ?" The question was abruptly put, but I answered in the affirmative— "Yes." ''What house do you put up in ?" " The * Bull and Bear'" I replied. "Oh, the 'Bull and Bear,'" he said, somewhat hollowly, as if the words came "out of his throat with a strange " cough" (the muffled sound brought me in miud of- the' moaning of -the wind in a lonely cave) ; then he added, soijiewhat cheerfully, though evidently his manner was forced, " A queer old cove the landlord— a regular John Bull, isn't he ?" "Tes, a jolly sort of fellow," I replied. "Bather. Did he ever tell you his grand story—it's as well known fn these parts aa the stars and; stripes themselves." " You mean, I suppose, the terrible story (if you call it so) of his sou's most diabolical, because most uncalled for. murder ?—his only son, too." " Wa* he an only son ?" "Yep." " Well, I never heard the story from the old boy's lips; bnt I have often heard about the affair, and his always telling it to every traveller—in the hope, I suppose, of its being well circulated, to that the scoundrel may even yet—it's a long time ago, you know," Ke continued ; " and, if he should be, Heaven help his poor soul, for his rascally soul-holder wouldn't be worth an hour's purchase then, I guess." "You're right, stranger," I replied " It was the first murder, yon see, done in this great new world of ours of the finwest ; and the people, you see, look at it as a sort of Cain's murder—the first of all. The whole matter is as clearlv treasured up in the traditions hereaboutas poor Abel's murder is laid down in the grand old Book" itself; and, blow me, il I don't think for my own part (and many more are of the same opinion) that -the darn'd skunk of a miserable ruffian will be brought to justice vet." "Justice!" shrieked my friend oprojute. "Yes—jus'fice'" I replied; "and the right sort of justice, too. Thev'd lvnch him, as sure as ther's a tree hereabouts, and they're grown pretty well, I reckon?' This brought ,our talk to a standstill, and in a short tyue the train drew up at our destination. ; We toth got out of the car, Mid, without actually accompanying each-other, soon found ourselves seated^ in the same room of the " Bull and Bear." We had some refreshment— ordered supper—and as we were, getting pretty well through with our repast tiro landlord, according to a welcome custom in newly-settled countries, became one of our party, regaling us with all the current news. I recollect, now that I -am recalling the whole events of this brief but fearful drama, he told us that Greenwoodville had had but lately .a raid upon it by some of the Indum tribes round about, and that a body of soldiers from a neighboring - Fort had been despatched ia putauit of the wild coppercolored marauders. I recollect this little incident the more readilr because it served to tone down our eouvor;aii)n a bit, which had hitlierto been rattling j along, dealing only wilh the freshest news ' of the time and pkce. The storm without still continued to "roar and rustle;" indeed, if anything, it seemed rather to have, increased in intensity. The wind moaned piteously round the house, breaking sometimes up into fearful shrh'k«v looking like the agonised wailing of damned spiriis. The a c log one—was at times shaken over by some impetuous blasts that bore along with them and dashed against the sturdy glass,the rattling rain. By however, I may say the pitiless storin only made our position all the more welcome. The great birchwood and pine fire blazed immensely, filling the otherwise unlit space in the gaunt, empty room le'und us with flitting, ghost-like shadows that danced upon the backmost wall— ** Poor naked wretches, where3oe'er yoa are, That bide the pelting of this pitiloss storm, How shall your houseless heads and unfed Tour ioop'd and window'd raggedne«s, defend you Prom seasons such as these ?" The storm still kept on with nnabating fury. Its savage yells rang through the primeval forests. We all three of us drew our chairs in closer to the great blazing fire. Our sense of comfort, with all the elements in wild furv raging round about us, ourselves untouched in the midst of the " dreadful pother," was intense in the extreme—the only drawback being a sense of pity for the poor naked wretches, wberesoe'er they were, that were not by any means so well situated as ourselves. Just such a iii-ht as this," broke in the landlord, " when my poor boy was murdered." He had scarcely spoken these words when a gre^t flash of sheeted pale-faced lightning, Jikc a ghost, glared into our room for a moment, and then a dreadful thundter-elap burst over our heads, rattling fearfully. " That's terrible!" we all involuntarily exchiimed. . " Yes!" said the landlord, " it is terrible;. there has not been such a storm these ten years—ten years this very night since my poor boy was so cruelly murdered." ' 1 do not know if I should now tell the poor brokenhearted father's narrative of the details connected with the cruel murder of his only son. To me, as I look back upon that terrible night, and thfc unexpected discovery that took place, I think only of the landlord's story as part of the angry storm crying for vengeance. I may say, however, that my quondam fellow- travel ier seemed scarcely to enjoy the narration. During its progress he fidgetted about uneasily in iris seat, several times repeated his selfelected office of attending to the fire, and altogether seemed to think that the landlord was inclined to make " capital" out of a purely family affair, and expressed himself so. " I say, landlord," he muttered, " don't you think you rub the fine skin off your heart by your so often repeating this story ? I should think yo> know the proper place for such a purely family affair would be your own bosom, where you -might hug it in secret—talk to it like Desnemonia with the strawberry handkerchief—and when the time came, let this • terrible affliction' die out with you." The poor landlord was completely taken aback by this outburst. It was unquestionably the very iirsfc time his narration, however often it might have been repeated, even to the same auditory, had been interrupted, He.stared at the slTanffer in utter stupor. He could scarcely realise his new position. To be jjiler 11 pled! Why, it was like tearing his very heart out! The old man's story had become part of himself. He had dwelt upon his affliction so long that it had become a living thing to him. Like Constance, for the cruel loss of her pretty Arthur/' he might in truth have exclaimed with her— " Grief fills the room up of my absent child, Lies in his bed, waits up and do'Sra with iue; Puts on his pretty loots, repeats his words, Remembers me of all his gracious parts, Stuff?, out his vacant garments with his'form ; Thus have I reason to be fond of grief 1" The stranger perceived that he had overshot his mark, and began to apologise. The broken-hearted father, however, only answered by gazing into the strangers face like one in a dream, or like one striving to recall some far off dim remembrance of tiring almost forgotten. He did not seem, however, to satisfy himself, and not long after embraced the first favorable opportunity of leaving so ungenerous a guest as my cowpauion appeared to be. The storm still continued, and as there was a want of sympathetic feeling between myself and fellow-traveller (or rather, as there seemed a mystery to enwrap him which baffled my atteirpts to solve) we did not remain long in conversation— such as it had been—but were fhown each to his own apartment for the ni<rht. I do not think I would be justified in longer holding the reader in suspense, aud therefore I will condense as much as I possibly can the remaining facts connected with this " owre true tale," and I can do so the more easilv as event now followed event with " lightning-like rapidity. Through the night, then, I was roused out of a profound slumber, brought about in a great measure by the fatigue of my previous day's travelling —by a wild and confused hubbub, the location of which I at first was unable to discover clearly, but which, when I a little came to myself, I saw was going on in the house in which I was. There was the barking of a dog, the loud voices of enrap-ed people, with occasionally the shrill shriek of a man rising clear above all the din, imploring for mercy and justice. In the imploring voice I readily enough recognised the tones of my fellow-traveller, and, leaping from my bed and dressing hurriedly, I was soon a witness of a most extraordinary scene. There were about a dozen of men and "women confusedly heaped together in the bedroom of my quondam companion; while he was standing, almost naked, evidently completely subduod (pr>n:siblv after a verv severe struggle), in the grip of two powerful serving-meu, who held him as in a vice. {To be continued.') FOXES.—We make the subjoined extract from . a lengthy and elaborate discussion of the for, by Josh Billings :— " The fox has no moral honesty, but he haz got a grate supply of politikal honesty. If Another fox in his parish wants a piiat goose, he will work to get the goose for him, and then clean the meat all oph from the outskirts oy the goose for pettifogging the case, and give him the bones, and tell his politikal friend, with a smile in the left corner of his eye, that ' everything iz lovely and the goose baiigs high.' Foxes comes out of the ground, -but whether they are made oy dirt I knnfc sware with much certainty. They cum out, of the ground through the instrumentality of a hole, but whether the hole begins at the surface and runs into the mountain, or whether it begins in the mountain and runs tew the surface, don't make a kiifsad bit ov difference. But philosophers have urged about this hole biziness for years. Some ov them says it runs in, and sum ov them are willing to be darned if it duz ; and right here we can see the amazing difference between their logick and the logick ov the fox. While they stand fiteing at the mouth of the hole, the fox iz stealing their ducks and gozlins. Foxes are like cunning men— tbey have but few brains, and but a small'place tew keep them in, but what few they have got are like^angle-worms in hot water—full of anxiety and mizcry." THE NEWSPAPER.—Upon his box the backman sits and reads it, while his blanketed horses wait for the aoming customer. In the cars the mechanic holds it, hastily running over its columns at this his only time for reading. Even in the ferry-boat the c lerk and schoolgirl bend their beads, absorbed and well pleased. A places of amusement, before the curtain rises, the audience beguile the time by conning its pages; and even early comers to church improve the minutes by perusing the Sunday- school papers before the services begin. With these facts before lis, who shall estimate the influence, for good or evil, of the newspaper? Who shall question the dignity of an editor's position, or measure his responsibilities ? THE GREAT STRASBUBG CMCE.—This extraordinary piece of machinery, which in 1812 took the place of the ancient bnt much less perfect horologe, was inaugurated in, presence of a meeting of the scientific bodies of Frauce assembled at Strasburg in 1842. Besides showing the apparent time, the mean time, the' exact hours of the rising and setting of the sun for each day in the year, the zodiacal sign for the particular season, aud the day of the week, it calculates the eclipses of the sun and moon, and performs a variety of other astrouomical equations. In addition, it indicates, diurually the ecclesiastical period. These for the learned, are its great achievements; but for the "general public" it possesses properties more easily appreciable, and more entertaining. Some one of the gods come out of a sanctum sanctorum each twenty-hours, as emblematical of of the day of the week, and remains as a centre-piece on a raised platform till the day is succeeded by another. Thus when I saw the clock, Mercury, in a. chariot and pair was doing their duty on Wednesday. On a stage below the divinity of the day are two angels, one seated beside a bell, and the other holding an hour glass. Over the god there is another platform, having on it a bell, beside which stands death holding a bone, near Death is a second bell, on which the quarters are tolled. At the first quarter of each hour an infant comes out of an enclosure and strikes the bell; at the second a youth: at the third a man in the prime of life; and at the fourth' a hoary headed veteran. The angel below also strikes the quarters. The hour is struck by Death himself with his bone hammer, and the angel turning the hour glass at the same moment. But at noon each day the great popular performance of the clock is to be witnessed. Immediately Death hast sounded the last stroke of the twelve's procession of twelve apostles in the presence of our Saviour takes place. The thirteen automats are marvellous. 'As each little apostle passes the figure of Christ, the latter raisps its arm and blesses that one of the twelve. The third who passes is Peter, and as he is doing so a life-sized automaton cock flaps his wings twice, and then raises a crow, which is all but a perfect imitation of that sent forth by a living bird. Before the last of the apostles has passed the cock Saps its wings and crows twice more. A crowd assembles within the chnreh each day to see and hear this performance, which, indeed, no one visiting Strasburg should miss. AXSWEUE!) JUST AS WELL.—The handwriting of Horace Greeley is so extremely bad that the compositors employed upon the New York Tribune require an" education" of some moJiths before they can decipher it. Having occasion to discharge one of hie employees, Horace wrote him a letter of dismissal, and some year:* afterwards, accidently meeting his former assistant, who in th« meantime had become the . editor of a flourishing newspaper out Wee , the great man inquired how he was getting on. " Verv well, indeed— thanks to vour letter of r(!CO!ii!n;:nda! ion, Mr. G-rt-eley," was the reply. " But I never gave you a letter of recommendation," exclaimed the astonished editor of the T/ihnnc. "True," replied the other; " but you wrote me a letter of dismissal, which I sbowed as a letter of recommendation, and as it was utterly impossible to deripber anything but the signature, it answered the purpose just r,s well/' 