ENGLISH ITEMS. Of the late Lord Ellenborough Brougham wrote :—He was one of the best speakers I ever heard—clever nervous, short, incisive, with such a voice*few have for penetrating force. It was for me one of the highest grati fications to hear him. He worked hard too, and argued almost as powerfully as he declaimeJ." In 1842 he went to India as Governor-General, but resigned when the pioperty of the Oude landholders was confiscated. Proud, eccentric, and of an unforgiving nature, are some of the qualities at tributed to him by the Northern Whig. Me Joseph Giixot the steel pen manufacturer died of pleurisy on 5th January. His factory turns out 150,000, 000 pens a year, employing 450 hands. He leaves behind him the finest Art Gallery in the country, valued at from £80,000, to £100,000. Massabti, a lion tauier, was worried to death by the animals he was performing with at Bolton on 6th Jannary: The man was half-drunk. / " Freelight " is a journal devoted, we believe to " rationalism." One of its articles says :—" The Trinity is true. But eo is the unity of God. The Creator has chosen to manifest himself, first as Father, then as Son, then as Holy Ghost. This is the burthen of Eevelation. Until this is perceived, the Beets must quarrel over the soiled raiment of Christ. The Holy Ghost the Comforter is the true universal-God. He will wipe all- tears from our eyes. Jehovah was a stern and passionate Divinity; Jesus sympathises with man ; but he is represented -by vul gar theology as insisting upon hell and devils; the Great Spirit of all truth (the third person of the Trinity) is beyond our ken. Yes; wo must come to the Holy Ghost before unity is attained^ Carlylo is a Christian sceptic. He once said " 1 think scepticism a very humble Btate of mind." Benau, Lewes, Mill, Browning and'Tennyson, the Writer classes are more or less Paathei6ts. Atheism he regards as a " logical absurdity," Mns. Yelyeeton i? giving .'Readings' to full bouses at- Hongkong. The Editor of the New York Era \is 'O'Donovan Rossa. ' Home, "sweet home' was composea by Sir Henry Bishop, and first sung by Miss M. Tree in Bishop's o^era of' Clari' Bisma.ee pronounces Sherman the | greatest General developed by the Aineri- j can War. | The Yendome Column will shortly be ' restored. There are 272 pieces, only two of which will require recasting—those representing the eoldiars of Austerlitz.' - An American jeweler has built a steam engine of gold and silver, fastened with screws the largest of which is l-80th of an inch in size. The engine, boiler, governor, and pumps stand in a space seven-sixteenths of an inch square., and are five-eights of an itich high. The whole may be completely covered with a tailor's thimble. The engine is complete, - and may be set in motion by 'filling the boiler with water and applying heat. Tho whole weighs 15 grains. Db. Gull, whose attendance upon the Prince of Wales has given so much satis faction, is 56 years of age. In future he ■ will occupy a recognised, and honorable position in the household of the Prince, and will be offered a baronetcy. Parliament is about to be asked to vest in tho clergy of the Church of Eng land discretion in the arrangement ofthe services. In a third service on Sunday it is proposed that the minister may be allowed to use " Any other form what ever," that when the Queen has been prayed for in a preceding service the prayer inthe communion may be omitted. The Archbishop of,Canterbury intends to ask Convocation whether it would not be well to get rid of uniformity as f*f as possible. »_ The flea, viewed microscopically, is an interesting insect. Its muscular power, when viewed in relation to its size is grand. One of these insects will draw behind it a load equal to what a heavily laden Pickford's van would be to a man, while its average jump is abont thirty times its own height; so that supposing a man sis feet high were to attempt t6 rival its feat, he would have to leap as high aB the gallery of tLe Monument. The female Cimex lectuarius—Anglice bed bug, lays fifty eggs four times a year, and as eaoh individual gains its full size in three months, their rate of increase is truly appalling. The common house sdU. der does much to destroy them, and there is a large sort of bug that hunts and eats the nasty insects. Every drone fly we see is a proof that so much pestilential mat ter has been consumed and rendered harmless. By the use of Australian meat the Manchester goal saves 40 per cetft upon the present price of English fresS meat, Lwbile the food is pronounced quite as rnutritious. * The Empress Jewels.—The Em press Eugenie's jewels are to be sold in England, and are now to be seen at ilessrs Emanuel's emporium in Bond-street, thejr having been pur chased by that firm for £80,000. They include:—Bracelet—large fine ruby and diamonds; watch and chatelaine, the back jewelled in diamonds and coloured precious stones—a marvellous piece of setting; p^ir of large single stone diamond eaf drops; bracelet— the centre a veryA large sapphire, of splendid quality and colour, set round with large brilliants on an elastic band of large diamonds; diamond broocii,^©presenting the flower of an orchid, wM long pendant leaves and drops ; a pair of large diamond anchors; ii sapphire Mid diamond necklace, of '1 ire large sapphires, with large bril liants intervening; an aigrette of diamonds, emeralds, and pearls, arranged in. Oriental fashion; head ornament—diamond rose-leaves, with full-size rose and buds in centre. Purchased in the London Exhibition of 1862. Head ornament—diamond wheat-ears, with cbrn flo\v6r,s and grass; head ornament—diamond olive wreaths, with black beads interspersed; enierald cross with pearl necklace— tile emeralds are of the rarest tint, and of perfect quality, the pearls all match ing each other in size, form, and whiteuess ; black pearl necklacea very rare collection of large black pearls, with black pearl and diamond snap ; three pearl and diamond fringe pendants; composed of large stones. George P. Train is, it is said, under restraint as a lunatic. One American journal does nofc consider that he is of less sound mind now then he has been any time these 15 years. There is this ap pearance of method in his extravagances, that he has for a loDg time liyed by them; for srice the old Melbourne firm of Caldwell, Train, and Co. cleared out the D-!iandled shovels, and closed its business, he has followed no settled occupation. This isn't the everyday type of lunacy. His hundred guests thought George Train was a little mad when he invited them to a splendkbjpblic breakfast in his own hon our «ft!raBW2riterion Hotel on his depar ture from Melbourne. But they didn't think him nearly so weak minded when they found he had left them the score to pay, a8 a pleasing parting souvenir. Could not Stand it.— The lates1 novelty in arboriculture comes from Haw* ! thorn. A well-known citiz^p who pride8 himself uponhis croquet-lawn being smoot'1 enough to play billiards upon, has lately been annoyed by the falling of the popla1' leaves upon his grceu velvot. It may have been due to the late dry weather, or to the annoying peculiarity of poplars, that they are deciduous in autumn. Their be haviour in letffshedding was however, so scandalous that he at once took decisive measures. He organised a staff of labour-, era, and had all thqgremaining leaves stripped by hand from the offending trees. He has put it out of their power to shed any mor'e,leaves this year, and his sward having been restored—with a brush and comb—his peace of mind has returned. It has lately been found that the best way to prevent belts slipping on pulleys is to cover the pulleys with leather. . By this arrangement the whole tuachiOejyiuiis steadier " -*;*• ■" 10-' ; ' Out of the 40 theatres in London,- 36 jvere 0[<eu on Boxing night; • ■ - t It was said of one who remembered ■• everything he leut, but nothing that 'lie borrowed, that be had lost halfhis mem ory. ■ ' A Good Answer—A well-known old clergyman was walking oat one afternoon when two young fellows took it into their - beads to break S jest. Walking briskly up to him, tbey asked him if he coald tell them the colour of Satan's wig. The worthy clergyman, surveying them atten tively for a few seconds, made tho follow ing reply: ATruly, here is a most surprising case—two men bave served a master all the days of their .Jife, and can't tell , the colour of his wig !' A 8INGUXA.B. scene was enacted on Christmas morning at the Serpentine, Hyde-park. The " all-the-year-round" . bathers, to the Dumber of about thirty, assembled to take part in a swimming match for a silver cup, which annually takes place on Christmas Bay, after which they gathered round a bucket of rum and milk, and loyally drank to tho health of the Queen and the Prince of Wales. With all the ancient forms and cere monies, Field-Marshal Sir George Pol lock was lately installed as Constable of the Tower, in succession to the late Sir J. F. Burgoyne. According to the Italian papers, Mazzini has been ^suffering for several days from an illness—defective circulation —accompanied by difficulty of breathing and bodily prostration, which has caused much anxiety to his friends. A Ntw Alpine lioe, beside the St. Gothard Bail way, seems to be about to be undertaken, thus making a second communication between Switzerland and Italy. The concession has been asked for with a subvention of about £1,400,000, The road will go over the Splugen. The papers announce the marriage of the Princess Marmalade, youngest daugh ter of the late Emperor Soulouque, to a grocer named Loustilot, living from Paris to Viccennes. The bride who has condescended to make thiB plebeian alliance is twenty-seven years old as black as ebony, and is described as having re I eyes. His Highness the Prince Hiangshi Fa simi no Miya, the Prince Imperial of Ja pan, wbo is now in England, has given sit tings for his portrait to Mr. Williams. Me, John Goss, the organist of Saint Paul's for 33 years, has resigned. A Missouri lady advertises for the per son wbo is in the habit of serenading her to stand nearer the house, so that she can scald him. A Western editor has gained nine stones in weight since he began journalism. A rival says he fears the man had one of his editorials in his pocket when he weighed. Me. Bea.nd, the late Liberal whipper in is nominated by Mr. Gladstone to suc ceed Mr. Denison as Speaker of the Eng lish House of Commons. The Times ap proves the choice, saying that Mr, Whit£ bread was the only other good name for the office. 