DISCUSSION ON SPIRITUALISM. Messrs. D. Blair and J. Tyerman resnmod their wordy contest as to spiritualism at tho Independent locture-hnll, Russell-street, last evening. The hall was crowded, and tho utmost interest was evidently felt in tho discussion throughout, tho ex pressions of approbation or disap proval being very marked as the com batants made any point. It had been announced that tho Mayor of Melbourne was to occupy the ohair, but owing to a meeting of tho City Council his worship was unable to bo present, and Mr. Call, P.M., resumed tho position of ohairman which ho occupied on the occasion of tho first disoussion. Mr, Tyerman, who first took up the sub- joot, commenced by remarking that there had been a good deal of disappointment ex pressed on account of so iittlq having .being said at tho opening disousalon vrlth reference to spiritualism proper, but tho fault waR not his, as Mr. Blair having undertaken to prove tho fallaoy of spiritism, he was compelled in defending it to follow in that gentleman's footsteps. As Mr. Blair had not ad- dressed himself to any of the phenomena of modem spiritism, tho duty devolved npon him to do so. If he conld not estab lish the leading doctrine of these phe nomena being produced by spirits, ilion the system was without solid foundation. Ho and Mr. Blair were agreed as to the existence of a future state in which the spirits of the departed dwell, and the remaining question was the possibility or probability of intercourse between the two worlds. On the possibility they wore also agreod, and as to the probability he argued that it was quite probable from the goodness of God. He also argued that it was probable at tho present day, in asmuch as it was not denied that suoh inter course had taken place in times past, when Saul held communion with the spirit of Samuel through the medium of tho woman of Endor, and when Moses and Elias were pre sent at the transfiguration of Christ. There was not a tittle of evidence to support the argument that this channel of intercourse was closed up when the last portions of tho Now Testament were written. The Bible gave no ovidenoe of its having been so olosed, and in every age since then there were records of it being kept open. Spiritism waB only turning this intercourse botween the two worlds to a clearer nso. This led him to the phenomena of modern spi ritism, consisting of physical manifestations, trance-speaking ; the healing of the Biok, sometimes by the laying on of hands, and sometimes by unknown agencies, as in the days of Penteooat ; the playing of musical instrnmonta by mediums without visible con- taot ; pre- visions, or the foretelling of events ; spirit writings of three kinds, the hearing of spirit voices, the seeing of spirit hands, the manifestation of spirit forms, the execution of beautiful drawings, tho reception of test communications, and the photographing of spirits in hundreds of instances. The question therefore was, what evldonoe they really had that these phenomona wore produoed by spiritual agenoy. In support of this view, of the case they had tbe faots that the phenomena were direct, that thoy wore oc curring in nearly all parts of the world at the same time, that they wore occurring in all circles of tho community, and wore not confined to the ignorant and superstitious ; that thoy had been before the public for at least twenty-four years, challenging rigid investigation, and yet had not been disproved ; and that many men in every way competent for the task had, after long and oarefnl investigation, been com pelled to admit that these phenomona were stubborn faots, and that thoy must admit thoir reality. If they had this presumptive evidence in favor of any other doctrine but spiritism, wonld they not say that a very strong presumptive case had been made out ? They had also direot evidence in the testimony of witnesses, somo of whom he would call in, premising that they were men all of whom were reason able men, who were capable of judging and being satisfied on suoh a matter; that they were free from credulity, ignorance, or superstition; that they were disinterested in all oases, and in some hsd entered upon the subjeot prejudiced against spiritism, and that they were thoroughly independent. He then referred to the testimony of Horace Greeley, a candidate for the Presidency of tho United States i of the Rev. Dr. Campbell, an eminent Nonconformist minister of Eng land ; to William Lloyd Garrison, journalist and reformer to the Rev. Dr. Phelps, an emi nent American Congregationalist minister; to Professor Do Morgan ; to Dr. EUiotson ; and to Robert Bell, who wrote a colebrated article which appeared in the Cornhill Maga zine on this subject. He quoted their opinions, and thoBe of others, making speolal reference to the learned Serjeant Cox, who, after oarefnl examination, said that as an expert he was bonnd to say that the evidenco was such that It conld be said that life, liberty, and property were daily dealt with In onr law courts on lesB con clusive testimony. He also quoted from a letter which ho had received from Mr. Denovan, a well-known resident at Sand hurst, who detailed bow at a recent stance, when iifteon persona were present, they all distinctly saw a white cloud hover ing in the room, and saw what ap peared to be a beautiful spirit-hand drop hnlf-a-orown into tho hand of a lady medium, whose age was thirteen years. On these grounds he contended that tho phenomena were real. (Cheers.) Mr. Blair, who quickly succeeded his antagonist, commenced by explaining that he had at the first discussion fallen into the trap of supposing he had delivered his indict ment against spiritism in two lectures which he had previously delivered at Bal- larat and Sandhurst, and which had been very widely circulated. He then alluded to a charge made by Mr. Tyerman against him, of having written in the Colonial Monthly Magazine, some four years ago, a state ment in support of spiritism, in an article headed " Necromancy in the nineteenth century." This he explained was simply his expression as a writer of tho opinions of other people, and said that it was as absurd to charge him with being on the high road to spiritism on that account, as it was on the part of a friend of his who a few days previously jocularly remarked to him that he was on the high road to small-pox because he had written some articles on small-pox. Ho said that it had been complained that he had used tho term the " gospel of the deadened brain" in connection with spiritism, but he quoted the phrase from the letters of "J.S.," the great ex ponent of spiritism in the colony, and thought that he was justified in doing so. Referring to what were called the doctrines of spiritism, he said that they were all "prigged." The doctrine of the progress of man was stolen from the New Testament ; the doctrine of universal redemption came from the Old Testament ; that of the non existence of Satan was stolen from Saddu- ceeism ; and all the phenomena were stolon. Tho idea of mediums was as old as Paganism, for this the picture of the priestess in a trance, which was inside the pyramid of Cheops, proved, for that was 5000 years old. In all that spiritists had claimed to have done, they could not prove that there was one fact foretold, one new truth revealed ; that there was one new maxim of life ; that there was one beautiful thought or poetical sentiment, or that there was one scientific discovery. The teachings of spiritism, as could be found from its books, were contradictory, and to show this he quoted from Dr. W. B. Potter, who wrote : — "Tho teachings and theories given through tho different manifestations are as various as it is possible to conceive. . . . We are taught that God is a person ; that he is impersonal ; that he is omnipo tent; that he is governed by nature's laws ; that everything is God ; that there is no God ; that we are gods. We are taught that the soul is eternal ; that it com mences its existence at conception, at birth, at maturity, at old age. That all are im mortal, that some are immortal, that none are Immortal. That the soul is a winged monad in tho centre of the brain ; that it gets tired and goes down into the stomach to rest; that it is material ; that it is immaterial .... We are taught that the spirit world is on earth — just above tho air — beyond tho milky way. That it has but one sphere, three spheres, six spheres, seven spheres, thirty-six spheres, an infinite number of spheres We are taught that spirits eat food — live by absorption, live on magnetism, thoughts, love. . . . That they live single, in groups of nine ; that they marry, without having offspring ; that they have offspring by mortals ; that they have offspring by each other; that their mar riage is temporary ; that it is eternal ; that spirits never live again in tho flesh; that they do return and enter infant bodies, and live many lives in the flesh." All this was taught by spiritism, and more. It taught that murder was right, that lying was right, that it was right to break tho seventh commandment, and that no man should be punished, for it was wrong to blame any man for what he did. (Hisses and cheers.) Mr. Tyerman then addressed himself to the subject again, devoting his attention principally to mentioning instances of various spiritualistic phenomena, which he said were well attested. Mr. Blair ridiculed the idea of a number of Yankee ghost stories being proof of the existence .of spirits, .and said that it was all silly twaddle or blank arrant Imposture. Horace Greeley, he said, was blind ; Dr. John Campbell was unscientific; and as to Serjeant Cox, he read an extract from the Athenmum on a book jnst written by that gentleman, in which he asserted that spiritism was an imposture. The whole thing rested on an unformulated and un known power. Both gentlemem were heartily applauded at the end of the discussion, and it being announced that it would be continned on Monday evening next, the proceedings olosed with a vote of thanks to the chair man. 