THE OVERLAND TELEGRAPH ROUTE. No. 10. Bl ClNTRAL AUBTJULIAK. I write this on the wett bank of the Hanioi River near the foot of Central Mount Stuart on one of the finest days experienced during the entire iournev. The husre cumuli clouds aresoin ping through the sky like so many belated aerial icebergs, and the shadows float rapidly over the landscape, which consists for the first time of hill, dale, forest, river (with water in it), plain, . and scrub all at once — truly a pretty place for a camping spot, but whether it would repay the tourist for the trouble of a visit I leave the traveller to decide, merely reminding him or her, as the case may be, that this place is not less than 1,250 miles from the shady side of King William-street, Adelaide. A fine breeze makes the day enjoyable, especially as for maDy days we have had none, and all of us began to fancy that the four winds of heaven had been entirely blown out The heat, as a consequence, has been something terrible. The latitude is 21° 50$., longitude 133° 26', so it will be seen that warm weather should be the rule now, and it has been. The country generally is beautiful. Tropical plants of a peculiar growth and brilliant green may be seen on every side; the grass is varied and plentiful, just about to seed, and as there have been many showers lately it is also quite green. My last letter was written at Alice Springs, on the Todd River, where we camped for a few days to give the horses a chance of recovering themselves a little. Whilst there the memory of poor Kraegen was revived by his effects being sold by auction. It was assumed, and properly so, that as there were a number of men at the place, all or most of whom wanted some article, it would be the better plan to dispose of the things at once than to store and carry them back to Adelaide. Most of the things were perishable, some of them dirty, and all likely to deteriorate, whilst the money they produce at the Alice Springs would be just so much more under any circumstances as at any market lower down. 4 We saw the last of the old year at this camp, and welcomed the advent of 1872 with many revolver shots, much kerosine and flour tin beating, and more or less general hilarity, raised upon a foundation of old habit, supported by tea. Had we been in a town or near a public-house the tea would have remained undrank for that time, yet the decoction was acceptable, but it was considered a sorry sub stitute. To mark the coming of the new year we were treated to smart showers. It rained a good deal whilst we camped at this place always a little before sunset. On the night of January 1, it being awfully dark, a lot of rockets and roman candles were produced, and having been carefully fixed were set going, to the great delight of all present, blacks included; ene rocket, however, defied all efforts to ' sky' it, and when the others had run their little course, it remained on its stick defiant and dark. In the morning our cook used the article to light the fire, and produced what theatrical people term a startling and thrilling effect. . 1 never saw a ghost, nor any one who did, but judging from pictures and fancy, Mick, the cook, looked as if he had been visited by a whole region of disembodied spirits. The rains set the river flowing, and we all took advantage of a bathe in running water for the first time since leaving Adelaide, At about 10 miles from the Alice Springs the party arrived at a spot known as the top of the MacDonnelLRanges, and obtained a beautiful view of the* country for many ? miles in every direction. The road to this point is exceedingly rough, being over spurs of quartz and granite, through deep ravines of great stones and sand, all of which had a decided micaceous ap pearance, just like the quartz, &c;, on some of the gold-fields of Victoria; but my own opinion of the place is not favourable to its ever being found to be a gold-field. There seems to be too much granite. Of course I had not oppor tunities for seeing much of the ranges, and there may be any number of pure quartz spurs and far better indications of gold than any I saw; but, if so, they must be off the road a good way, consequently difficult of access; also, as I did not come with any intention of looking for gold, I only express an opinion formed of the general appearance of the country through which we have passed. On the top there is a good well. It is really a surface spring, but there has been a deep hole dug in which the water is stored. This water is full of dele* terious mineral substances, and produced diarrhoea, which was counteracted by using chlorodyne. Looking back toward the south, the mountains, ranges, and valleys could be seen stretching away into the far blue distance, whilst ahead of us was one apparently level down country covered with luxuriant grasses, brilliant coloured flowers, elegaut shrubs, and a bright sunlight not too warm, as it was early morning. The soil is of a superior description from this spot right on to where I am now writing. It consists of a reddish sandy top resting on clay, and is mixed with small quartz stones, pebbles, and grit. Gum-trees grow on the flats, but are more or less stunted, except on the banks of the creeks and rivers. In puces the bush is dense, but nowhere does this extend more than a few hundred yards. The scrubs seem to run in belts, and intersected at intervals by stretches of beautiful grass country. Amongst the scrubs are rare and pretty flowering shrubs, also creepers innumerable, but the latter have no great variety. Mulga is followed by myall, and then mallee, but this last is not nearly so plenti ful as the two former, and the mulga prevails. After about thirty-five miles or so of this country there is a slight change. Scrubs become less common, whilst box and gum flats succeed each other. On the side of the hills, as on Mount Boothby and Central Mount Stuart, are some pretty stunted pines and plenty of grass, appa rently nearly all the way to the top. At the Burt there is a creek, like all the rest, full of sand. Here were first seen some of the enor mous flocks of pigeons heard so much about, and enough were shot to make us content with pigeon-pie for a time. One shot brought down 11 birds from an indifferent lot, and I believe it possible to kill enough for a dinner at any time with a few good pebbles. We also saw turkeys, and tried to induce them to believe that our movements were altogether pacific and friendly; but they did not think it, and up to the present time we have not been able to get near enough to hit one. An emu and kangaroo have been shot, but no other game larger than a duck; we have, however, had plenty of them. Over these downs the road and telegraph line run close together, and a better track could not be desired anywhere. As to the line, it is in some respects not first rate, the poles being both too small and crooked, but there has been much difficulty in getting timber from the top of the range to the end of Section C. The succeeding Section — D— is very well poled, and will prove as lasting a work as anything of the kind in the colonies. A blackfellow's opinion of what the whitefellows are doing may be worth recording ; it was given at Alice Springs in a very solemn manner by a lugubrious-looking aboriginal who knew English fairly. He said— 'What for whitefellow fool build him that one fence? plenty white money sit down long o' that one ; plenty ! my word! like it wheelbarrow ; like it big one wheelbarrow fall money ; whitefellow iooll' This is the opinion of a dusky son of the far bush, who is impressed with the belief that he is a philosopher. Two more wild blackfellows were seen to-day, who would not come near. This makes nine in all of such noticed since leaving Adelaide. The sight of the various ranges and hills passed lately has been very fine, and has cheered us up— not that the party were specially de pressed, but the sameness of view produces a lassitude that is quite equivalent to ^loom, and depression of spirits in travellers is nearly a disease that should be avoided by all means. At the spots where the soil is better than usual were observed many anthills of peculiar shape, and just the colour of the soil. Some of these things are quite seven feet high, others a few inches, and in their effect resemble nothing so much as a number of dilapidated tomb stones. They are all built by the white ant, and after much examination it is concluded that the manner of the work is thus:— The ants seize a mulga, eat away the inside of the stump; the branches next fall, leaving a ghastly stem, round the outside of which the ants build cells of toil until it is all covered; and then, it having pre viously been hollowed, the whole serves as a residence for the family. . ' ' On the way, Mr. Forrter, in charge of a party of men from Section E on their road back to Adelaide, was met, and we heard for the first time of the murder of Mr. J. Millner. To-day we have met Mr. Burt, also on his way down, and he tells us that Mr. John Millner was killed on September 1 by a blackfellow who was attached to the camp. When at Attack Creek, latitude 19', the younger Millner, after the sheep.had camped, lay down in the shade to rest; a young white named Ashwin and the aboriginal dose beside him. Ashwin. looking away from Millner, did not see the black lift his club and hit Mr. Millner on the head, but hearing the sound turned round and saw the unfortunate man's head smashed. The black dropped his club and drew back, appa rently with the intention of using his boomerang on Ash win; but the latter hadhis revolver in bis belt, and drawing it waa too quick for the native, who received the shot somewhere in his body at a range of about four yards. The murderer started and ran about a hundred yards, fell, then got up, when Ashwin fired a second time. The black seemed to be again hit, fell, and rose once more and made off. Meantime Ashwin did what he could for Millner, and thereby lost the opportunity of following the native up, and he escaped; at least he was not found byMillner's party. Poor Millner of course died immediately, as his brains were dashed out by the one blow he received. Mr. Burt has shown a piece of cloth that belonged to some of Stuart's party; also a bit of a strap found by him at one of Stuart's camps on Purdie's Ponds, lat. 15° 52\ Both relics are in moderately good preservation. The cloth is some stout dark blue material, evidently por tion of a coat; the leather is not so well preserved, and is dry as a chip almost. Mr. Burt take* a mail on. He reports heavy and continuous rains up north. There has been no real difficulty with water all the way, as when the stages between waters have been too great we have been able to carry enough for one day, or two if requisite, but the season has been a favourable one, and it may chance that in very dry times some of the waters may dry up. At the Native Well it was found that the in-come of water was not more than about a pint per minute, and when this was reached it was necessary to push on 16 miles to water, as the place was empty. On that day 34 miles was the journey, and as we had gone 18 miles the previous day and camped without water for the horses, the stage the poor brutes had to perform was 52 miles between the waters ? — not a bad one in this hot climate and weather. This may also be the experience ef others, therefore it would bo wise if the permanent waters were in some way set down, and the probable ones also were well defined, so that disappointment— the certain forerunner of all bush disasters— may be reduced to its smallest possibility. One permanent water is to be found at about eleven miles from Mount Boothby going north— i.e., one and a half miles from the last crossing of the Woodforde Creek going south. This is on the west side of the road, and can be easily found by the number of old camp- marks about. It is only about 100 yards from the road, and as it had not been previously named it was agreed to call it Boucaut's Spring. People travelling by the wire hence will find this water by going off at a right angle from a double shackle that indicates the junction of Sections C and D, and travelling westward five miles will cut the track at or near the spot where the spring is. It is needful to be parti cular, because the Woodforde on the north is often dry, as is the native well on the south, and should Boucaut's Spring be missed a long stage must necessarily be gone without water in dry seasons. At the fourth crossing of the Woodforde we .camped at a well which had plenty of water in it, but the water was decidedly highly flavoured. On examining into the cause it was found that a whole regiment of rats had made this their involuntary tomb, and to record the place of their death had left the stink behind them. Down the well was also a snake about two feet in length, but he was as lively as a kitten. No doubt he subsisted on defunct rat, washed down with cold rat soup. He was left tothequietenjoymentof what seemed to be a rather lengthened meal. It wm strange that there are not now any fish in the waters— a sure eign of their instability. The largest crea ture ' native and to the manner born' noticed in these parts were well-developed pollywoggs; the smallest was larger than the biggest seen before. (Mem.— They are not nice when boiled and made into tea.) The river the party are now on is a broad, shallow affair, lined thickly on each bank by small gums, mulga, and teatree. To-night will be the second we shall have camped on it — once a stage back, and now again— and, speak ing from experience, the stream may be said to be lined with mosquitoes. Small things they are, but intensely persevering. How they did sting ! Phew ! One of our men declared that they bit him through his canvas hammock and his shirt. Another put on a pair of anti gropoli; but still the little beggars got at the skin, and caused their ** little bills' to be duly presented. A member of the Assembly with half the determination — in a right cause, of course— of one of these little torments would become a legislative wonder. Since starting on this trip I have heard of moon-blindness several times, and have been cautioned several times about sleeping in the moonlight without being shaded in some way from the direct rays of that planet. Like most other people, I paid little attention to these warnings. Now, however, we have all had ocular demonstration of the truth of the statements, one of the party being moon-blind. As soon as the sun sets and its direct influence has gone this man becomes blind. He cannot see ahead without looking at his feet, when he can dimly discern large objects that are close to him, such as a wagon with its tilt on. If he looks straight on he can see his feet only. Thus it seems that some kind of film caused by the moonlight is before the pupil of the eye. He can see by candle or lamp light; but no matter mow bright the moonlight may be, he is always blind during the time she shines, and is not so when the moon is in its last quarter. There is no particular pain attendant upon this state of things ; but he feels a slight giddiness, and is much disturbed in mind because of tho peculiar position he finds himself in on moon light nights after the sun has set. Is there auy simple cure for this, and if so, what ? All reports from the Far North are satisfactory as regards the health of the parties. Mr. Burt and one of his men have suffered from rheu matism; but they have had extra hard work and much outing in wet weather. It is common, he says, for some of the men to be a little sick during the wet season— December, January, and February— with what is called the North West sickness, vomiting after meals, &c.; but they do not attach any importance to this, and it goes away again when the weather settles. Probably even this malady will soon disappear. Mr. Burt proceeds hence direct for town. 