Tor SENsATION or HANxINo.-The num bors of persons who, having been hanged, have subsequently found themselves in a position to give an account of their sensa tions during the process, is exceedingly small; and their experience should when found be made a note of. A correspondent of the Gaulois, moved by private affliction, once tried to hang himself; but after remain ing suspended for some time, he was most for tunately out down before life became extinct. He has now committed to paper a relation of his adventures. Having resolved to put an end to a life which was no longer endurable, he drove a nail into the wall of his chamber, attached a looped cord thereto, stood on a chair and placed his head in the loop. At this critical moment he confessed that he had some notion of taking his head out, and getting off the chair. But "l'anmour propro vis-a-vis do (li menoe" sustained him, and he very slowly kicked away the chair. The immediate consequent sensation was, he states, "very strange." From the soles of his feet to the crown of his head "a sort of general mixing up of the fluids of the body" ensued. Suddenly there flashed before his eyes a sparkling, dancing light, of a colour which he finds it impossible to .do.oribo, buS in whioh bluo and the nombro rod predominated. Presently a flashing light concentrated at a single focus, and thence spread away into space in ripples such as are made in a pond when a stone is cast into it. At the same time a fearful weight pressed upon his head-a compression as if his temples were tightly bound in a ring of iron. His hands and feet were full of pins and needles. Needles without number seemed to pass out of his fingers by a process of continual expulsion. There came a terrible snapping at the nape of the neck; and along his spine there passed a wriggling (frotilloment) which he can "compare only to a vertebrm." His last sensation was one of acute pain at the throat and shoulder blades; and finally came a state of perfect unconsciousness, upon recovering from which he was not unnaturally surprised to find himself still in a world which he had been at such pains to quit. MAx1rNo PiorLit HArY. -- A poetical writer has said that some men move throtigh life as a band of music moves down the street, flinging out pleaseure on every side through the air to every one,. far and near, that can listen. Some men fill the air with their strength and sweetness, as the orchards in October days fill the air with ripe fruit. Some women cling to their own houses like the honeysuckle over the door, yet, like it, fill all the region with the subtle fragrance of their goodness. How great a bounty and a blessing is it so to hold, the royal gifts of the soul that they .shall be music to some, fragrance to othors,, and life to alll It would be no unworthy thing to live for-to make the power which we have within'us the breath of other men's joy, to fill the atmosphere which' they stand in with a brightness which they cannot create for themselves. DlrAD or HArrE9Iss.-Lady Hervey was celebrated for her beauty, wit, and good sense at the court of the second George. In one of her letters, dated 5th April, 1750, after expressing her pity for the Countess of Dalkeith in losing her husband, she says : "I dread to sooee people I care for quite easy and happy. I always wish them some little disappointmont or rub, for fear of a greiter; for'l look upon felicity in this world not to be a natural state, and consequently 'what cannot subsist; the further, therofore, we are put out of our natural position, with the more violence we return to it." It is worthy of note that Sir Humphrey `Davy' onter. tained a similar view of human' happiness. He enters in his journal, in'the midst of the most triumphant period of his life:-" Be. ware of too much prosperity and popularity, Life is made up'of mixed passages-dark and bright, senshino and gloom. The' un natural and excessive greatness of fortune of Alexander, Orosar, and 'Napoleon-thee first died after divine honoura were paid him; the second gqined 'ompire, the 'con summation of his 'ambition, and lost hie life immediately; the third, from a prIvato Indi vidual, became master of Confti'ntal Eu rope, and allied to the oldest dynjity, and after his elevation his fortuneio immedateoly bogan to'fall. Evenin Frivate lifoe, too muh prosperity either injures the moral man, and oneaslons conduct which ends in suffering, or is accompanied by the workings of envy, calumny, and malevolence of others," A GuosT IN A OoAL.Pn ,--The present tide of prosperity in the coal trade has boon disturbed` at the Br3oughton Colliery, near Wroxham, by the appearance 6f a'ghost in the underground workings, which has had the effeotof frightening some of the colliers from the pit. None of the men prbfess to having a sight of the spirit, who appears to have taken up his abode in this vasty deep; but they all confess to having heard at times the most unearthly sounds, and when they proceed to search for the cause the same noises are hoard in' quite an opposite quarter. The fear that has taken holt of the men is such as to interfere considerably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like sailors, are excessively super stitious on the ghost question. A good example should never be lost, and we therefore commend to the attention of clergymen in search ot funds for buildihn.o restoring their churches an expedient wh1i? was recently resorted to by a lBuddhist prie~., at Shanghai for a like purpose. Acoording to the London and China Telegraph, the rev. gentleman in question being, desirous of raising money for erecting, a, temple at Soochow, started on a begging expedition in the neighbourhood, and in the course of his tour visited Shanghai. Here he proolaimed on high that he would allow himself to be looked up in a wooden box for seven days, during which period- he would remain in an upright position nod without either: food or sleep. Accordingly a box about 2, ft.;wide and about 66 ft. high was duly prepared, and at an appointed time the devotee entered his cell, in which he was .carelully: secuied with bolts and bars. With the exception of a space just large enough for his feet, the' bot tom of the box was studded with nails, and near the lower end a few open bars admitted the requisite amount of air. The eagaoity of the priest was demonstrated by the complete euocees of the experiment. Day and night crowds of people visited the temple conse orated by the presence of the holy man; money poured into the ,priestly coffers, 'and at the end of a week, to the intenie delight of his friends 'and admirers, the 'devotes emerged from bhig confinement looking to all I appearanco little the worse for it. A .urturer hint to those whom it may concern is con veyed by the fact that pieces of the box were eagerly bought as relics, and every nail proved worth mnore than its weight in silver. The most likely successor to the ppesent Pope is, says the Gazetta d' Italia of :Flor ence, 0ardioal Antonio Maria Pan0biii .bo, of the Order of St. Francis. He 'wis born at Terranuova, in Sicily, on the 14th of Augnst, 1808, and was made cardinal by Puise.X in the consistory of the 27th of September, 1861\. He has always professed great admir ation for Pope Sixtus VY, whose life was his favourite study, and in whose cell he lived. One day, while in a reverie, he suddenly heard a knook at his door, and a voles told him that he would be a cardinal. ' This an. nounoement did not surprise him;; ;he merely replied, "Lo sapevo,";and he will; says the Gazetta, doubtless say the same when he learns that he has been elected: Pope. Car dinal Panebianco once swore before Canova's monument, to Clement XIV, that he would restore the Order of the Jesuits to its. former greatness; and this is said to be: the great object of his life. He is tie intimate friend of Father. Beokx, th..e general of the order'; but; like his model Sixtus V, he is excessively reserved, iarefullyiclenoealing from every one his intentions for the'future:'; e opraiies the Syllabus, and defends the principle of infalli bility with extraordinary skill and theological knowledge. As for Pius 'IX, 'he has thoroughly' believed in the cardinal sidoo a young Italian girl prophesiedl"eome twenty years ago that the next Pope would be a monk of the Order of St. Francis. "Mystical," concludes the Gazette, " as Savonaroln, Panobianco is the slave of a medimval Utopia which moves him to revive the ohurch of the thirteenth century; and the Society of Jesus, which does not believe in mysticism, regards him with anxiety, not quite knowing whether he is a friend or an enemy." The northern lighthouno oommiessioners of Great Britain havo had a somewhat ourious case presented to them for consider ation and investigation. It appears that for some years past thie ommoto, or auts, have been increasing in number to a most enormous extent on the May Island, the property of the lighthouse board, and at present every part of thie island is so in fested with those little oroaturos as to render the land useloss to the light- keeoopers. The myriads of insoots by their burrowing are also raising considerable hillooks. A,pro feseional and soientiflo committee has visited the island to examine. 