THE STAGE. It would appear that the magnates of the City Council are opposed to the erection of an opera- house on the vacant space of gronnd in Spring street. These gentlemen are evidently not fond of music. The reason they give for this act of barbarism is that the site was intended for the statue of some great public man, and that to erect an opera-house thereon wonld be to com- mit an act of sacrilege. Looking carefully over the list of our public men, one cannot refrain from thinking that at present an opera-house would be more satisfactory to the people generally than a statue. It is beginning to be thought that we have had just about enough of our public men, that in the capacity peculiar to themselves they are no great good, and that as statues they would be a failure. Ifc fe fche old Btory of Commendatore'a statue-ail over again. Either, as Don Giovanni put ifc to him, he is present at 1 the banquet as a ghost or as a statue. If as a statue, he had no spiritual power, if as a ghost, he warn t asked, and had therefore no locus standi. It is the same with the public men alluded to. As statues they are net likely to have anv spiritual power, and it would be far better there fore to have an opera-house. Perhaps after a little more reflection the city councillors will find that there is other work for them to do besides opposing the grant of a piece of land for the popular purpose of building a place of amuse- calculated to foster an already increasing refined taste. Are there no smells in Bourke" street, ana nuisances generally all over the town, for you to look after, gentlemen ? 1 Why then interfere with the propagation of the lyric drama ? It amuses and refines people for more than do your quarrelsome meetings, resulting in nothing, however wordy or abusive may be the proceedings. What rione so very particularly goed for the city that you should support his Pwu m10D . baildinfl of this opera-house P .i. ij e.on Bubiecfc f tbe opera, I may record that during the past week the house has been still Sr.ww?I,7eUtteBd,a- <"» inclined to bat Mr. ly.ter can be by no mean. satisfied with the pecuniary results. There, has always been a fair attendance in the dress circle, ' ' and the pit, boxes, and stalls, especially the second, are generally full. It has been a matter of regret, however, to several constant visitors to notice that Signora Coy has been giving evidences through out t&e; week of undoubted fatigue. In "Un BaUo, on Monday, she was exhausted before the " first act was over, and two of her best songs had to be omitted. In "L'Africaine," on Tuesday night, it was the same. All the arias set down for Inez to sing, had to be cut out, and some people are blaming the management for over- workrng a favourite singer. Those who do this know littta of the difficulties of managers and the eccentricities of opera-singers. The difficulty of managing an opera troupe is known only to those who have had anything to do with one. It is not always because a lady is too fatigued to sing that she will give in, and before the public censure the management in this matter, they wonld only be acting fairly in taking this fact into consideration. J In every other respect " Uu Ballo" was charmingly performed on Tuesday. Signora Bosisio, who has quite recovered from her recent indisposition, was in excellent voice, and acted moBt effectively. Signor Rosnali sang as he always does m this opera, and Signor Ooliva in the celebrated " Eri tu " nearly brought down the house.. As for "L'Africaine" itself, I have never been so intense an admirer of that opera as some people ; but fully admit all the merits of Signora Zenoni and the other artists engaged. It is indisputable, however, that the opera is splendidly mounted, and that the scenery is in Hennings's best style. " Saffo " is now in course of preparation, and will be produoed shortly. The educational establishment of Dr. and Mrs. Sutcliffe at St. Geerge's-hall still continues in favour with parentB and guardians. I am afraid, however, that the lessons therein conveyed will not be productive of much good in the boarding- s schools of the colony generally. We do certainly go-a-head very fast in these days, but when two young 'gentlemen suddenly enter a boarding- 5 school, and quite aB suddenly, if not more so, are found sauntering about the garden with tbeir. arms round two young ladies' waists, one cannot help thinking that the fastness has something of the galloping about it. It is as well, however, to remind boarding-school girls generally, that, by the stage directions, five weeks are supposed to elapse between the first overtures of affection and the waist-encircling. It may be a long time certainly for a young woman with advanced ideas, but it e safe in the long run. One thing is certain, that all the proprietors of schools ought J to give a premium to the lessee of St. George's- ' " hall for producing the piece. It is an excellent advertisement for them. Already young ladies in every direction are expressing their strong desire to go to "sohool," as represented at the theatre, and many more are desirouB to go in real earnest. Girls, who a short time sines would have wept at the idea of separation from home, etc., are now eager to enjoy the delightful experience of secret attachments to peripatetic lordB and highly detrimental young subalterns. I should recommend Mr. Coppin to give a special "School" day, nnder the patronage of Madame Vieussenx and some other principalesses of ladies' colleges. The Japanese entertainment, which follows after " School," is of another kind. The young lady pupils of Dr. Sutoliflfe are amatory in their actions ; the Japanese are simply athletic. Of the two, I prefer the former ; but the latter are undeniably clever. I never attempt to pro nounce or write Japanese names, exoept in the instance of the old gentlemen who acts as chorus, and is known as " Grin-and-fog " but I admire these distinguished foreigners nevertheless. Men who can keep up feathers flying in the air with fans, who can do extraordinary things in the way of balancing tubs and screens, are not to be " despised — certainly not to be written against.' There is one man In the troupe now vividly before ' my eyes, who has apparently ne bones, and who, if I were to write against him, would, I am certain, get into my room in the night, introduce . into the most complicated arrangements of my throat, and permeate my internals generally. They are men not rashly to be provoked, more especially as they cany two swords and innumerable pookftt- handkerchiefe. At the Polytechnic business has been consider ably brisker. "Janet Pride," one of Boucicault's sensations, has been played with success, and on moet evenings the house has been well filled The Hairless Horse, though not exactly an orna- ment of the legitimate stage, attracts many ad- . , 18 a "anfiflomely-made beast, in spite of his hairltesness ; but, altogether, I would prefer a horse with hair. Eccentricities of Nature are ner pleasant. The exhibition, however, is a perfectly genuine one, warranted, and without fraud. The members of the Leidertafel had a very successful concert and ball on Friday night. In 2_e f®er Mrs. Gutter was loudly encored in , two of her songs, and the latter was as enj<yahle as it usually is. The Popular Concerts at the Temperance-hall . are also growing really popular, and when their existence becomes more generally known will be still more so. I am informed that Mrs. Gladstone will , „ shortly return to Melbourne, and when Mr. JBfer- wood returns from England we may probably have more legitimate drama. At present we for get how long it is since Shakespeare was pro duced in Melbourne. A few more years and hev will be remembered only as what ArtamhsT Ward called him—" a clever man, who hmooe ' ' dead - : ... , , jr" jr. » 