DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annnal session of the Synod was opened on Monday morning, May 6, at St. Paul's Church, by the Cord Bishop of Adelaide. Service commenced at half-post 11 o'clock with the Litany, the Very Rev. Dean Russell offi ciating. The Holy Communion having been administered, His Lordship delivered the follow ing Pastoral Address:— " Rev. and dear Brethren—The sudden fall of the Temporal Papacy, and the political decline of those great Powers—France, Austria, and Spain—by which it had previously been sustained, naturally led me in my address last year to consider what might be the effect on the Christian world at large of that great catas trophe; what prospect it opened for reform within the pale of the Latin Church; and of reconciliation between it and the Greek Com munion, as well those bodies which sprangfrom the bosom of the Reformation. "The attempt to rivet on the minds and hearts of all Roman Catholics a compulsory unity of thought and belief by the novel dogma of Papal Infallibility, as might be expected, roused np enquiry and resistance in every part of the 'Roman obedience.' And, on the other hand, a strong yearning for closer fellowship in the Gospel has unmistakably manifested Itself amoDg the various Reformed communions. We have seen, for instance, Prelates of our own Church in Scotland ministering in the churches of the Presbyterian Establishment, and amid the graves of the Covenanters, around the old Grey Friars' Church in Edinburgh, the Dean of Westminster has preached on the new com mandment of Christ ' to love one another as He loved us.' That seed, so long buried in the earth, has at length germinated, and put forth a vigorous though yet tender blade. It still needs the continual dew of God's blessing ere the ear shall ripen into an abundant harvest. " The growing fellowship among the Presby terian bodies, whether Scottish, English, or Irish; whether Baptist, Congregational, or Methodist in denomination, has not escaped my notice. By interchange of pulpits, by fellowship in prayer, by holy communion cementing an Evangelical Al liance, by joining together in their various Church solemnities and charitable institutions, standing side by side on the platform, their original principles of separation seem to have retired into the background, and their specialties of dogmatic opinion or Church order practically reduced to comparative insignificance. 'Whereto they have attained, they walk by the same rule." " Surely the Church of England may learn a valuable lesson from tbese their brethren, after the common faith. Let us rightly appreciate their growing fellowship ; let us imitate their mutual consideration ana bearing one with another " Indeed, there are not wanting many cheering signs of a like yearning for outward as well as spiritual unanimity among the more earnest of our clerey in the several Schools of Thought, known as Evangelical, Broad, and High Church. "In proof of this assertion I would point to a late address of the Rev. J. C. Ryle, that uncompromising defender of Evangelical prin ciples. It was read at Islington, to an assembly of 350 clergy, at the 45th annual meeting of their Association. To him had been assigned the duty of opening that most interesting topic of discussion, ' Can a greater amount of unity be obtained among zealous and pious Church men of different schools of thought;' and he laid down five admirable rules for bringing about this most desirable end:—1. To cultivate the habit of recognising the grace of Ged and love to Christ, wherever that grace and love are to be found; 2\. Of speakiDg charitably and courteously of those who disagree with us. _ 3. Of acquainting ourselves accurately with the real opinions and phraseology of other schools of thought.* 4. Of meeting men of those other schools on neutral ground. 5. Of co-operating in promoting good objects, whether of a tem poral or semi- temporal character,' such as sanitary measures in epidemics or charitable relief of the starving populations of Paris or Chicago. " Surely by acting on these rules much of the apparent division among Churchmen would disappear. The way also would bo paved for closer J'e.lowsbip with those who ' holding the head,' yet seem to us open to the charge of severing tbe body of Christ, and assuming dis tinctive" appellations, productive at least of emulations, if not of strife. The time will perhaps arrive when a further step, which Mr. Ryle recommends, might be wisely taken, namely, procuring private meetings of tbe leaders of theological thought, represent ing net merely different schools within the Church, but different Churches or denomina tions. Lutherans and old Catholics might thus approach each other. The Episcopalian and Presbyterian by this means harmonize their differences. The" residuum of irreconcilable disagreement would be found perhaps among orthodox Christians infinitesimally small com pared with its seeming present magnitude. "It is the happiness indeed of the present , age that theological discussions are carried on with more of Christian courtesy, although re ligious convictions are held with no less tenacity [ than of yore. Whatever appears^ to the in dividual mind unwarranted by Scripture or at ! variance with Apostolic order is condemned without compromise or hesitation. Still, men judge nothing of each other before the time, and thus enlightened reason has a better chance of making its voice heard amid the strife of tongues. Points at issue are more likely to be duly weighed and redueed to their proper pro portions, much latent unity of thought and feeling will thus probably be brought to light, and something more than an union of compromise or indifference established. Mr. j Ryle closed his address in these emphatic words, * Fathers and brethren, let us long for unity, pray for unity, work for unity, make sacrifices for unity, with all pious, and zealous, and genuine Churchmen, by whatever name they may b© called, j but never let our thirst for unity tempt us to forsake our old evangelical principles.' When we reflect on the waste of force, time, and money occasioned by the over lapping of Christian agencies in the work of pro pagating the Gospel, the difficulties thrown in the way of missions among the heathens by such variety, the spirit of rivalry aud amount of self opinion which they engender, and finally, their palpable antagonism to the prayer of our Lord for His Apostles and 'all who should believe through their word, that they might be one;' if, I say, we reflect on these things we shall be more dis posed to labour for unity among ourselves as Churchmen, and to facilitate as far as we can the joining together again and compacting of the whole body of which Christ is the Head. One hindrance to such a reunion is found in the Athanasian Creed. During the last twelvemonth attention has been again awakened to this formulary, as causing many to stand aloof from our Church. It is used thirteen times in her service during the year, and in the 8th Article it is said ' that it may be proved by most certain warranty of Scripture.* Admitting this to be true of the substance of the doctrine, are the damnatory or monitory clauses necessary? If so, why did they not find a place in the two earlier Creeds? " That God is revealed to us in Trinity or Person, yet One in essence, is evident from thj name into which we are baptized of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. This is the meaning of the New Testament, as interpreted by the con sentient witness of the Church from the be ginning. Nor is it uncharitable if, as 'the pillar and ground of the truth,' she warns all men of their danger in neglectiug, mutilating, or corrupting the faith necessary for salvation. Love itself bids us, when we see any one tin ' a sin unto death,' warn him sharply of . his danger. More than this our Church does not wish to do. It is the substance * In illustration of his third rulo Mr. Ryle instances the misunderstanding caused by ^ the use of * Regeneration' and * Real Presence m quite different senses. By regeneration many Episcopalians understand 'admission to the privileges of the covenant in Christ.* The Bishops of tbe American Episcopal Church at the late Convention declared 'that in their opinion the word "regenerate" used i« the •offices for the ministration of baptism for infants' is not there so used as to determine that a moral change in the subject -of baptism is wrought in the sacrament,' in which sense it is very generally used iu modern theology. Again, by ' Real Presence' is popularly understood a local and material preseuee. But a spiritual presence is just as real as a material presence. Our communion service bids the communicant 'feed on Christ in bis heart by faith with thanks giving.' Into the metaphysical subtilties on which * transubstantiation* and ' consubstantia tion' are based our Church does not enter. Of any other Chan a subjective 'real,* but spiritual 'presence,' our office does not speak, j®*8" those who with the late holy poet Eeble dwell On the literal force of the words, 'This is My body.' divest that body of the common property of matter, viz., 'extension in space,* m order that united with the divine essence, it may be capable of ubiquitous presence. How incapable of proof by the evidence of sense such presence is; how presumptuous to dogmatize in the way of'f tranEubsUmtiation' or ' consubstftntia-Kon/ or to force on reluctant congregations analogous speculative views by ceremonial symbolism, when the Church «f England is silent, I think must be apparent to Churchmen in general. By tlie word 'sacrifice* also is not -meant by Anglicans a reiterated propitiatory offering made once, for all at Calvary, but only a commemorative pleading of the _ meritorious death and passion of the one holy victim, offered by himself as the great High Priest on the altar of the cross. of the faith for which she contends. This is plain from the Rubric—' The condemn ing clauses are to be understood as relating only to those who obstinately deny the substance of the Christian faith,' sought to be introduced in 1689 by the Royal Commissioners for the re vision of the Liturgy. Also by the following note, recommended by a majority of the late , Ritual Commission —' That the condemnations j in this confession of faith are to be no otherwise understood than as a solemn warning of the peril of those who wilfully reject the Catholic faith.' "But such dogmatic interpretations of passages in the Prayer-book are dangerous in principle and unsatisfactory in effect, for they leave unaltered the language which offends. Surely what the Church teaches it should teach in no uncertain terms. Rather than omit the Creed I would erase the condemnatory clauses which have no place in the Nicene formulary. On this point the history of the Creed becomes of importance, and we may fairly refuse to accept the dogmatic decrees of the eighth century, or even the fifth, consistently with the due defe rence we pay to the mind of the Church, which bears the stamp of Apostolic antiquity and Catholic consent. " Proposed Alteration in the Prayer-book.— The Archbishop and Bishops have proposed to Convocation apian for giving greater elasticity and variety to the services of our Liturgy. The order of morning and evening prayer is left, untouched, but it is proposed to allow to In cumbents, with approval of the Bishop, free selec tion of Psalms, lessons, and prayers from tho Prayer-book for a third service on the Lord's Day; also to authorise the separate use of the Litany and other services, and to abbreviate the daily prayer by omission of certain parts. "These changes will be welcome to many who delight to frequent daily the house of prayer, yet are tied down to fixed hours of business. They may also remove objections to liturgical forms rendered too rigid and unadaptive by the Act of Uniformity. Thus may be brought about a wider acceptance of the Book of Common Prayer. Already, it is stated by the Press that the new Lectionary has been approved and sanctioned among the Wesleyan Methodists. As education becomes more general and higher in its character devotional taste will demand that congregational prayer shall clothe itself with language suited to the greatness and solemnity of the occasion. And what language can surpass in strength and fervency that of our Prayer-book? ''English Education Act.—An unexpeetee cause of variance hes sprung up at home in the Education Act. When the Imperial Govern ment seriously grappled with the question of national education, it was, I think, wisely detoimined to make use of the voluntary agencies then at work. Accordingly, it made grants in aid impartially to the British and Foreign or National Society schools, or those established by .the differtnt Denominations. It was then determined to remove this burden from the General Kevenue to local rates to be dispensed by local School Boards. Hence has arisen the dissension. Denominational claims to share in the rate became distasteful to many ratepayers; and as the Church of England by the superior number of its schools and scholars absorbed tho larger portion of the rate, hence the opponents of the Established Church took occasion to assail ihe Education Act known as Mr. Forster's. " Education Act for South Australia. — In this colony there is no legal connection between Church and State. In a thinly-peopled country very widely settled it can hardly be expected that private funds or individual effort can provide the means of general education. In centres of population much may be done by voluntary effort; but in the rural districts and outlying townships it needs all the funds the Legislature can provide and the State admi nister in order to secure the elementary training of its future citizens. " Nor in the variety of Denominationsand their intermixture in a scanty population can the system known as 'payment by results' be brought into effective action. Believing firmly, however, in the Parochial school, carried on under the eye and "discipline of the parochial minister, I nevertheless must acknowledge the right of the Government to direct the educa tion wherever it appropriates public money in aid of the Teacher. I do not therefore think that in this colony Denominational schools should be carried on by grants out of the General Revenue or by local rates. It would be deplorable, how ever, if in all Government schools the use of prayers and Scripture reading were prohibited. The genuine Schoolmaster will never fail to avail himself of the power of God's truth and the voice of prayer to form the tone of his scholars and regulate their behaviour. "To my rev. brethren, then, I would say,'Raise up and maintain as far as you are aole your parochial school in connection with your Chv rch. Try to induce your people to consider the education of the young of the flock as part of their parochial Church-life and of their pastor's cure of souls. This may well form part of their alms and offerings, to the glory of God and benefit of their poorer neighbours. I would ODly add that respect for conscientious scruples should ever distinguish Church schools, and win for them the confidence of those who are attached to other bodies.' " Denominational Schoolrooms.—In the dearth of school-buildings belonging to the State in this colony, and the inability of the Govern ment to provide adequately for the educational wants of the population, it might be well to act on the plan adopted by the Manchester Education League, viz., to accept the use of denominational schoolrooms fcr certain Government education hours, leaving the Trustees to make such pro vision for religious instruction before and after those hours as they shall think fit. Such was the plan adopted by the Corporation of ihe Pulteney-street School last year, but it failed to secure acceptance. In the interest, however, both of secular and religious education in this colony it may be advisable to act on the above plan, not as the best possible, hut as the only one practicable. The Church and State would stand independent of each other, yet not in hostile attitude, but rather lending each other support. Conscience would at all events be respected. The Protestant child might avail himself of the voluntary provision for Scripture reading and prayer. The Roman Catholic need only use the secular education. One unspeakable advantage would thus be gained. The poison of sectarian bigotry would not be imbibed in the guileless hours of childhood. The future citizens of this country would grow up together in habits of friendly intercourse, nor would differing views of religious duty sever the adamantine links of friendship welded together in the glowing fire of early affection. "The Reformation set in movement by Luther was in its very nature combative. It contained in itself the principle of endless division, based on the sovereignty of the individual conscience. But if combative, it was also expansive in its zeal, and productive everywhere of civil and religious liberty. The Anglo-Saxon races owe to this their independence of thought and their self-reliant character. The only danger is lest liberty should lose itself in licence, and the Communion of the saints on earth be for gotten in the exercise of private judgment. " Of old in the "Valley of Vision the breath of the Spirit caused even dry bones to come together, clothiDg them with sinews and flesh, until they stood up an exceeding great army. Even so from all parts of Christendom and in all sections of the body of Christ there are souls moved by the Spirit of God sighing for rest and peace and fellowship one with another in the Gospel of Christ — the Dollingers and Hyacinthes—unable to build up their faith on the novel basis of Roman infallibility ; yet, weary of the strife of tongues set loose by individual judgment, and issuing in the uncertainty of private opinion. The old Ca tholic party, like the Reformers of the Church of England, are seeking in the witness of the Primitive Church to the Holy Scriptures; in the consentient interpretation of them testified by the earliest creeds and the anti-Nicene Fathers, in the antiquity and universality of traditions truly Apostolic, a reasonable and assured ground for their beliefs. We wait with patience for the issue, as we watch the progress of that move ment in enlightened Germany. That light will prevail over darkness and scriptural truth over human inventions none can doubt who believes that Christ as a Son reigns over the household of God, and that by His Spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified. In witness of the spirit of unity, now prevailing among the Protestant Churches, I have to call your attention to a proposition emanating from members of our Cburcb at home, and approved by M. Merle D'Aubigne, viz., to devote a week to special prayer during this month of May for the increase in ourselves and amongst Protestants of personal religion; for successful resistance to and victory over Infidelity and Rationalism; and, finally, that' Roman additions to the Gospel and Church of Christ may be taken away by the conversion of many of that communion; who, believing in God, know not where to find teachers that shall lead them to the fountains of living water instead of the broken cis terns oi human invention. Believing that the Apostles received plenary authority to build up the Kingdom of Christ, and full instructions concerning the things of that Kingdom; be lieving also that tho doctrinal and order of tho Church in which' we hare been baptised and have-grown up, tested by Scripture and Church history,- are, as -near as may- be, in accordance with those of the sub-Apostolic age in the first century, we dare not treat them as matters in- different, to be compromised away or openly abandoned. " Not, then, in the spirit of worldly pride or sectarian bigotry, but conscientiously, we hold them, because they afford the best basis of friendly reconciliation among the Churches, and of resisting on the one hand the assaults of Rationalism, and on the other the usurpations of Ultramontane Romanism." "General Conference at Sydney.—Another illustration of this longing for unity is afforded by the proposed meeting in September nextof the Bishops of the Australasian dioceses, with representatives from the several Synods, in Con vention at Sydney—a measure long desired by this Synod, and which, by God's blessing, may strengthen our hands in working for Christ and His kingdom, as well as cheering our hearts by brotherly sympathy in the bonds of the Gospel.* "A. Adelaide." The offertory, which was made in aid of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Guarantee Fund, amounted to £4 lis. 3d. Business Meeting. The meeting for the disposal of business was held at the Church Office, Leigh- street, in the afternoon. There was a large number of clergy men and laymen present. The proceedings were opened by prayer by tbe Bishop. TBE SYNODAL BOLL. The Synodal Compact was signed by new members, and the roll was mad& up as follows :— _ Holy Trinity, Adelaide —Rev. Richardson Reid ; Synodsmen, Wm. Gosse, H. D. Holmes. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Arch deacon Marry at, M.A ; J. Bath, W. W. Blytb, J. S. Bellhouse, A. B. Cooper. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt; J. Williams, G. Colyer, J. K. Hawthorn, B, H. Edmunds. St. Paul's Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell; W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, S. C. Pearson, G. M. Tarnbull. St. Paul's Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green; H. Duncan, H. D. Cruttenden. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. T. J. Smyth, M.A; W. S. Moore, W. T. Cooper. St. Bartholomew's; Norwood—Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A; J. E. Moulden, A Lloyd. All Saints', Hind marsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. H. Catchlove. St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. E. DeMole. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Rev. Canon Dove, M.A.; J. Acraman, C. B. Young. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins; E. W. Meredith, J. Howell. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. A. Honner; H. P. Denton. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Hy. Read, M.A; N. Oldbam, L. W. Tbrupp. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie; J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road—Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; E. Tbornber. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; T. J. S. O'Halloran, St. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. Thos. Field, M.A; R. B. Colley, N. Bljth. St. Stephen's, Willunga—R. G. Jay. St. Philip and St. James's, Noarluoga. St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; B. Gray. Christchurch, Mount Barker—Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; J. W. Gower. St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. H. J. Pooler M.A.; Thomas Pegh. St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs; W. H. Lewis. Christchurch, Kapunda—Rev. J. M. Donald son; Frederic Wicksteed, H. Scott. St. Mary's, Kooringa—M. MacDermott, P. W. Dyer. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—A R. Addison. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Rev. W. A Ciayfield; W. S. Douglas. St. Peter's, Rol-e—Rev. H. Howitt; J. A. Fergusson, H. II. Thomas. Christchurch, Gambiorton—A. Blyth, H. K. Hughes. St. Thomas', Port Lincoln—N. Blyth, G. W. Bawkes. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse; Henry Dutton. All Saints', Moonta—A Spence. St. John's, Macclesfield—Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echuuga—Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Riverton—John Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn. Tbe following Churches are recommended by tbe Election Committee for union with Synod:—■ Emanuel, Chinkford—Rev. J. Houghton ; G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's, Bungaree—Rev. J. A Boake, B.A.; W. L. Beare. St. Bamabas's, Clare—Rev. J. A Boake, B.A; J. Hope. The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod, but are included in this list to giro status on the roll to the clergymen:— St. John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins. St. John's, Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A. St. Jude's, Brighton — Rev. H. Williams (Deacon). Christchurch, Strathalbyn. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Fair, M.A, Rev. J. C. Haynes (Deacon). Karracoorte Mission. THE STATE OF THE DIOCESE. The Bishop read his report on this subject as follows:— The Diocese had hardly recovered from the loss of Dean Farrell and Archdeacon Twopeny in 1869, and was again recruiting the number of its clergy by the accession of the Revs. C. W. Hawkins, C. G. Taplin, and F. W. Marshall, when early in 1871 the health of the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson gave way. Compelled to relin guish duty for a time, he sought to recover his health by a voyage to New Zealand. The vital powers, however, were fatally impaiied, and on his return he lingered, with few intermissions of pain, until in August he entered into rest. By his removal two important congregations were left without a pastor, but by the kindness of the Archdeacon and Canon Farr, together with the unflagging zeal of the Lay Readers, service* were supplied and the fc'acraments duly ad ministered until the incumbencies could be filled. St. Bartholomew's was placed under the charge of the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and the Rev. J. Smyth succeeded to St. John's. The separa tion of these cures has had a beneficial effect. A new parsonage has been already built and. occupied in the former parish, and the congrega tion considerably increased. The difficulty of finding an Incumbent for St. John's was greatly enhanced by a heavy debt imprudently contracted in building the new ; parsonage, and at the present time a heavy mortgage on it threatens to alienate both house and garden from the Church. 1 doubt the propriety, if not the legality, of so dealing with property placed in trust for Church purposes, and at all events it frustrates the object foe which grants were obtained from the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the GospeL Meanwhile, the important cure of Kapunda was filled by the Rev. J. M. Donaldson, late minister of Mortlake, in Victoria, who, I trust, by ability and patience, will overcome the difficulties inherent in a cure which comprises a mining; township as well as scattered rural population. Two other incumbencies also became vacant ia the course of last year—Blakislon and MagilL. The temporary inconvenience thus caused was removed by the appointment respectively to these cures of the Rev, Henry J. Poole and A. Honner. St. Mary's, Sturt, and O'Hallora* Hill, have since fallen to the charge of the Rev. J. Leslie Smith, and at this time Moonta and. Wallaroo alone are vacant.*' Such rearrangement of parochial charges is not unattended with much trouble and correspondence, but I am not without hopes that some benefit results from such occasional changes. It is gratifying to me to be able to report the completion of a spacious church at Strathalbyn, to which the Rev. F. Slaney Poole was unanimously invited by the congregation. It forms the head station of a large missionary district, comprising Wellington, Langhorae s Creek, and the Lake Plains. I am. thankful that this widely-settled agricultural district, as well as the important town of Strathalbyn, have been placed under the charge of an energetic and capable minister. Brighton, also, which is growing every day to be a favourite summer retreat from Adelaide, enjoys the advantages of a resident curate in the person of the Rev. Hartley Williams. In Lefevre's Peninsula the Rev. S. Green, with his usual energy, has suc ceeded in building and opening a mission school and church; and at Rhynie, as well as Myponga, new churches are in course of erec tion, although tbe deficiency of tbe harvest may probably delay their completion. We must bow to tbe will of Providence, which has seen good, to curtail the produce of our fields, and so retard our designa tor His glory. Port Wake field and Lacepede Bay have been added to the number of our mission stations, and quarterly services, are held at Blanchetown. Sites tor Churches are secured at Pendla and at Port Wakefield, and should trade prosper at the , latter valuable shipping-place, we may hope to see a Church commenced there at no very dis tant date. , With regard to missionary labours, I Lave to report that the Rev. G. Goodenough Taplin suited, at my request, Streaky Bay and the station* between it and Port Lincoln. The PoMiindb Institution afforded valuable assistance towards this missionary tour, and Mr. Taplin report* well ef the kindness and thankfulness with which his visitfe were everywhere welcomed. The * Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin has bee&oocm; oated to the joint cure. absence of the lay Reader, Mr. 0. X. Richard son 'whom illness compelled to seek medical advice in Adelaide, rendered Mr. Taplin's tomingetillmoretimely and acceptable, and such visits I must endeavour to supply more fre ouently to, the Western coast. _ The Rev. C. Morse also from time to time visited Kangaroo Island, hat his. failing health of late has sus pended for a time his valuable labours among the 'island settlers. ..On the ether hand, Canon Dove has made three visits to the district north of the Broughton, where there should undoubtedly be settled a resident missionary. Until, however, one can be found worthy to tread the steps of Arch deacon Twopeny, it is more acceptable to the settlers that an experienced minister, possessed of spiritual zeal and Christian gentleness, should occasionally visit these out- lying portions of our population. I do trust, however, that, with ieviving prosperity and increasing commerce. Port Augusta and. the missionary stations will call for and support reasonably a resident minister. I know of no place where true Christian character and evangelical energy would more surely reap an abundant harvest of souls. The Blinman and Prince Alfred Mines have also received visits from Mr. Dove, and these visits, though rare, have not failed to encourage the serious to hold fast to their pro fession without wavering, and awaken others to -repentance. To these missionary tours I may add those which I myself have been at liberty to take daring the past 12 months. From Bun garee and the Buna to Glenburn and Port Flliot in the south; from Mount Pleasant to Port Wakefield and Moonta on the west; and again in the south-east to Robe, Mount Gambler, Penola, Narracoorte, and MacDonnell and Lace peda Bays. In several of these places 1 have held confirmations. For such extended pastoral visitations, however, the_ number of our clergy 38 and one on probationary employment—is all too few, even including my own ministra tl°gt' Peter's Collegiate School I thankfully acknowledge is yearly adding its quota to our clerical body, and I am well satisfied that they not only meet the requirements of the Diocese, hut in general qualifications for the ministry of the Church of England and theological knowledge they are not behind the ordi nary supplv of Literates from England. It would be very desirable, however, if from the Mother Church the Diocese could receive from time to time a highly-qualified and accomplished minister. Some such might probably be found willing to emigrate; but they will not feel called on to abandon ministerial duty at home, as well as friends and country, on the mere chance of a precarious provision for themselves and families, an! that, too, with the possibility of being *ej acted by some Vestry or Committee. The congregation which desires to live under the care of such a pastor must not only raise funds for the passage, but also give a reliable guarantee that a competent income will be supplied. Few men are likely to resign a settled endow ment income for the precarious and fluctuating stipend gathered only from pew-rents and fees. The life-incumbency, however, of endowed parishes at home has its evils, and fails to meet the emergencies of a young country, where the changes of popula tion are often rapid. A mining population, for example, of 16,000 souls distributed in distant townships, replaces in a few years the lonely sheep- walk, and the missionary suited to the latter may be ill able to meet the exigencies or cope with the difficulties of the former. Offences, also, will from time to time arise, and, although no charges of immoral conduct, heretical doctrine, or breach of ecclesiastical rile can be sustained, congregations may be broken up, and the Ministry of the Word harrassed by unwise or unguarded conduct. I see no reason why such conduct as is unbe coming a clergyman and gentleman should not form the subject of enquiry under the Synod, as well as the analagous enquiry which takes place in Her Majesty's army. The very possibility of such enquiry would go a long way to prevent its occurrence. Instead, of discontent spreading and growing until a congregation is weakened or divided, enquiry might result in the removal of the grounds of offence, or lead to an exchange of incumbency. At present it requires what is tantamount to the formal pro cedure of criminal law to remove an Incumbent from bis benefice. Absolute power of ejec tion, on the other hand, vested in Trustees or lay deacons, degrades the pastorate of souls; while the vacating of missions triennially weakens its influence, so far as that depends on the indivi dual minister. I commend the subject, therefore, to your thoughtful consideration, as well as the need of a fund for superannuated Clergy. The missionary operations of the Diocese during the past year are classed under two dis tinct heads—those which concern our Abori gines, and the aid afforded to the Melanesian Mission. The Poonindie Institution during the past year has increased its numbers without im pairing the moral and religious tone of the inmates, bred, up for the most part on the station. Including a camp of bush natives, em ployed partially in clearing land for agriculture, above 100 aborigines were under the religious influence of the Superintendent, Mr. Holden. Mr. Taplin, on his way to Streaky Bay, visited and inspected the institution. He expressed a Yery favourable opinion of the state and habits of the generality. At Kingston, Lacepede Bay, Miss Armstrong bag also carried on a native schooL The children are few in the school—do not exceed 3 2. When visited lately by myself and His Ex lency the Governor, those present manifested very great intelligence and sound instruction. The wooden schoolhouse, built of weatherboard, is much out of repair. The shingle roof admits the rain both to the storeroom and sleeping place of the native children; while the weatherboards, being warped, make such draughts that the open air is less likely to cause catarrh *ban sueh a sleeping apartment. The weathereide, at least, of the roof and house should be covered at once with metal, if the school is kept on. It is not the fflult of the mistress, Miss Armstrong, that more children are not attracted to it. The Rev. H. Howitt, who visits Kingston monthly, is very decidedly of opinion that this sehool deserves support. I know not where on the south coast a better spot could be chosen as a missionary centre than the head-quarters of the Maria Creek tribe. It was there that the survivors from that ship-wrecked vessel fell victims to a barbarity not less cruel than that which has compassed the death of our lamented Bishop Patteson. The South Australian Government of that day felt called on to make a terrible example of those natives pufl the treacherous cruelty of the Nakapu islanders in their use of poisoned arrows, tigs provoked from one of BLM. ships of war a still more fearful retribution. It is much to be lamented that the cause of evan= gelical missions should thus apparently be mixed up with such military executions; but cruelly, treachery, and murder will in these j -days, as of old, bring down summary vengeance ; upon ike tribe or nation which habitually culti- > vate those dispositions. Even-handed British justice, however, should sweep from the seas those man-stealers and kidnappers who for filthy lucre entrap the savage and reduce him to unwilling bondage. Let us hope that these disastrous events will hereafter open a large and effectual door" for missionary enterprise among the Melanesian Islanders. The sehool in Norfolk Island is larger than ever before; num bering in all 153 Melanesians, drawn from all the islands over nine degrees of latitude. In Mota last year the Bishop baptized 293 infants apd adults; 17 lads of George Sarawia's school; and 41 grown up, mostly married men and women. To Canon Vidal the Bishop wrote:— "Pray more than.-ever for this little Infant Church and George Sarawia." The work and character ' of our dear brother and lamented Bishop Patteson can never be forgotten by the members of tins Church and Diocese. praise is in all the Churches; he himself with the saints in glory. But we have been invited to contribute towards some memorial to his name—and what memorial so good or s» dear as to support and extend his mission? Our resources are not great. To our power we have contributed to it. By God's help we will con. tinue to do so. The want of a new mission ship, in which to carry on the work, is the most pressing at this time. In addition to our usual subscriptions some of us maybe disposed to aid in this way, and so enable his co-workers in Norfolk Island to preach the Gospel of peace in those places where the Bishop died as a true soldier of.the cross; thus exemplifying his own loving character and the real nature of that blessed Gospel which he sought to propagate. q*he savage will then learn to discriminate the messenger of peace from the sword-bearer or the freebooter. He will then fly to the former as a friend and succourer rather than with remorseless cruelty slay one whom he had once known and honoured, and then be guiled to his' death. In conclusion, I may remark that in spite of death and transfers of clergy to different cures, nearly all the statistical returns show an increase. There are more churches and congregations, more communicants, more confirmed, more rittings let, more funds raised. The Sunday scholars have slightly decreased. I cemmend tins last point to the careful consideration of the Incumbents. On their selection of good teachers and able fiuneriritendents depends, under God s blessing, thlTgood behaviour and the numbers of those who are brought up under the nurture and of stating that, through means supplied by the Attorneys of the Propagation of the Gospel Society, the Hospital, Destitute Asylum, Magill Industrial School, as well as the Gaol and Tlfracombe Reformatory, will be supplied with stated ministrations from the city and suburban clergy. REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. The report of the Standing Committee was read, with the other reports found below it. We have condensed. it as follows, omitting portions referred to by the Bishop:— " The Standing Committee desire to submit to Synod their annual report upon the different matters referred to them by the last Synod, and upon those which have otherwise occupied their attention during the past year. "Clerical Incomes.—Finding that the grants in aid of the incomes of some of the clergy are reduced by the fact that certain contributions . in aid of their income coming from other sources than pew-rents and the weekly offertory are not subsidised under the existing scheme of grants in aid, they recommend that where there is an offertory at every Sunday service every pound paid to the incumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let. "The Committee now proceed to those matters which have from time to time arisen during the past year to claim their special attention : — " Baroness Burdett Coutts.—To this lady, who provided the endowment of the See of Adelaide, tbey have thought it a due mark of grateful respect to forward a letter of congratulation on Her Ladyship's accession to new dignity, and this • has accordingly been done. " Lady Edith Fergusson.—A letter of con dolence, expressing the deep and universal sym pathy of the Church with His Excellency the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson in his bereavement, has been addressed to him, and he was pleased to signify his appreciation of this mark of esteem for Her Ladyship, whose loss we all deplore. "Bishop Patteson.—The representatives of the Melanesian Mission have likewise been addressed in a letter of condolence in their grievous bereavement in the loss of this great missionary Bishop, with assurances of continued and, if possible, increased assistance in the work of the mission. "Synodal Expenses.—They are happy to re port that the amount received during the past year has, within a few shillings, been equal to the expenditure. All the churches at which regular services have been conducted have paid the amounts at which they were rated, with the exception of Penwortham. They recommend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the exception of St. Paul's, Adelaide, which is raised to the same class as Trinity and Christchurch, North Adelaide (No. 7); and St. Luke's, Adelaide, which is raised to Class 5. They also recommend that Port Augusta and Enfield be placed in Class No. 1, at £1 per annum; and that Lyndoch and Williamstown be reduced from Class 2 to Class 1. "Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—They furnish balance-sheet to June 30,1871, and also a progress account to April 30,1S72. They have to report that the appeal for the increase of the Guarantee Fund has not yet been very success ful; they hope, however, to be able to report more favourably by the end of the financial year, June 30. They regret to state that, as anticipated in their report of May, 1870, the rate of interest has njaterially decreased, and at this moment there is a considerable sum un invested. " Table of Collections, &c.;—They furnish a table showing the amounts received from each church for the various funds (including the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund to April 30), and the amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes. This account will be found to compare favourably with that of last year:— Received— 1871. 1872. Synodal assessment ... £140 0 0 £147 0 0 General Church and Home Mission Fund... 148 15 7 173 14 5 Mission to the Heathen. 117 8 2 324 11 11 Paid— ; Clerical incomes 490 3 10 612 19 11 j General Church and Home Mission Fund.— They are happy to be able to report an improve ment in this fund, the amount collected during | the year being (inclusive of £5 3s. special contri- j buttons) £173, as compared with £148 for 1870-1. This is in a great measure owing to the system of receiving at the offertory on the first Sunday of every month an additional amount (generally Is.) wrapped in paper to distinguish it from tire general collection, and also to the fact of special collections having been made for the same object. " They are glad also to report that they have been enabled, for the first time in five years, to pay full scale in aid of clerical incomes for the half-year ended December 31, 1871. "Mission to the Heathen.—There is also an improvement in the amount collected for this fund, being £125, as compared with £118 last year. Only 44 out of 65 churches have con tributed anything towards this fund. This is perhaps to be accounted for by the fact that the proceeds of the collections have in some instances been handed direct to the Treasurer of the Melanesian Mission. " Endowment of Churches.—They are happy to be able to state that, owing to the liberality of the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society, they have been enabled during the past year to endow partially the Churches at Eapunda, Belvidere, Chiukford, Bungaree, Glenburn, and Gambierton, and to complete the endowments of those of St. Mary's, South-road, WaJkerville, O'Halloran Hill, Kensington, Mitcham, and Willunga. "A. Adelaide, "Chairman of Standing Committee. "Adelaide, May 2, 1872." ADDENDUM. Since this report was drawn the Secretary has received the following memorandum :—"The Attorneys of the S.P.G. have much regret in announcing to the Standing Committee of Synod that, in consequence of the fall in the rate of interest from 10 to 6 or 7 per cent., they are compelled to suspend their guarantee to the Prospective Endowment of Churches. They are prepared to fulfil their engagements already contracted." EE POET OF MISSIONARY COMMITTEE. "By the desire of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the Missionary Committee met to advise with him in reference to missionary efforts within the Diocese, when it was resolved that information should be collected with respect to the supply of religious instruction and ordinances in the various Government institutions, viz:—the Gaol, Destitute Asylum, Hospital, Reformatory, and Lunatic Asylum, with a view, by appealing to the Government and by voluntary efforts of the clergy and laity, to supply the existing deficiencies. Also, that it is desirable that Blanchetown should be visited quarterly by a clergyman. Action in these matters has since been taken by the Lord Bishop and the Standing Committee. " Geo. H. Fabb, Convener. "April 26,1872." "report of synodal board of education. _ "This Committee has given careful considera tion to the subject of education during tbe past year, and has already presented a progress ' report to the Standing Committee. It bag further to report that the Lord Bishop was respectfully requested to issue a pastoral address on the duty of the Church with respect to the education of her children, to be read in all the churches in the Diocese on a day to be appointed by the Bishop, and that His Lordship consented to do so so soon as the action of the Parliament Bhould have been decided on. In consequence of the late changes of Administration no measure on the subject is at present before the House of Assembly, and the matter remains in statu quo. "S. Green, Secretary." THANKS TO THE BISHOP. Dean Russell moved— " That the thanks of Synod are due to TTig Lordship the Bishop for his valuable pastoral address and report, which, with the statistical returns, be printed in the report." He remarked that there was no motion before them which it would give him greater pleasure to move than this. He had listened to the various subjects brought up in the address with the greatest interest, especially the portions referring to the alteration of the Athanasian Creed and the question of education, in which they all felt a double interest. Whether or not they agreed with His Lordship in the matter he touched upon, they were interested and in structed, and they were glad that, although years were growing upon him, the Bishop was still able to interest himself in the questions of the time. Mr. F. Wicksteed seoonded the motion, which was unanimously carried. ~ ADOPTION OF REPORTS. Mr. R. B. Colley moved— " That the report of the Standing Committee and the Election, Missionary, and Synodal Board of Education Committees be received, taken as read, and published in report." Carried. Mr. R. B. Colley moved— . " That the balance-sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1872, and of, the Trustees of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be received, adopted, and published in report." Mr. Thbupp seconded. Carried. Mr. R. B. Colley moved— " That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys ef the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, the Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committees of the Melanesian Mis sion, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Theological and Ecclesiastical library for .their reports and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the report." Carried. * UNION FOE PRAYER. His I/GBDSHIE - brought under the notice of Synod dopies of correspondence he had received from England in reference to a proposal for a 1 union in prayer in May, 1872, similar to that held in December, 1869, at the time of the holding ef the (Ecumenical Council at Rome. The first letter was from the Hon. Arthur Kinnaird, M.P., to Dr. Merle D'Aubigne, Geneva, suggesting the repetition of prayer for "the conversion of the members of the Roman Catholic Church, and for a gracious outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon themselves and upon all Churches of Christ around the habitable globe." Among the encouragements to which attention was drawn, as showing a rapid change in the nations under the influence of Rome, it was remarked that of the five Powers which had coalesced to restore the present Pope after his expulsion from Rome in 1848, viz.—the Grand j Duke of Tuscany, the King of Naples, the I Queen of Spain, the Emperor of Austria, and Louis Napoleon—four had fallen, and the other (Austria) had been driven out of Italy, and into doubtful relations with the Papacy. The spread of the Bible and the extension of religious freedom were also pointed out. The following were suggested as topics for intercession:—1. Prayer for the con version of the souls of Soman Catholics, especially of their ecclesiastics and dignitaries. 2\. Prayer for Particular Countries.—For France, that it may reject every religious system which places the traditions of men on an equality with the Word of God, and that its unbelief may be changed into true faith; for Spain, that its pre sent state of enquiry may pass into full Gospel light; for Italy, that its new freedom and opportunities may be followed by an awakening of conscience and renewal of heart amongst the people generally; for Germany, that the conflict now engaged in may develop real spiritual life, and lead to a new reformation; for America, that in its Protestant countries the light may shine more brightly, and in the Roman Catholic ones a great and effectual door may be opened to the preaching of the Gospel; for England, that the tendency to Romanizing in Church and State may be checked, and Scriptural holiness diffused among the people; for Ireland, that the present sub jection of the majority of its people to Roman ism may be broken. 3. Prayer for Mission Fields.—-(1) That where the heathen or newly converted Churches have not been misled as to Christianity by the idolatrous usages of Rome, they may be saved from that evil; (2) that where the missionaries of Rome confront our missionaries, the power of Supreme grace may cause the truth to prevail; (3) that such heathens as have under Romish influence em braced a perverted Christianity may be led to -renounce all that is of heathenism and all that is corrupt, and to seek and find the truth as it is in Jesus in all its fulness." The reply from Dr. D'Aubigng agreed in the desirability of devoting some days to prayer, but suggesting additions to the proposal. There were now in Christendom two adversaries which menaced the religion of the Gospel—Romanism on the one side, Infidelity and Rationalism on' the other. He proposed that it might be desirable to insert one or two points for inter cession as follows:—"Prayer, that the doctrines of salvation, of our fallen state, of faith in the expiation of the cross, of justification, regenera tion, and the grace that flows from possessing them, may become more living in every Protes tant, by the grace of the Holy Ghost. Prayer, that the communion of each of us with Christ may be true, that each Protestant may be able to say with St. Paul—• Christ dwelleth in me, and that having the mind of Christ we may glorify the Saviour, and win souls to Him.' Prayer, that the Head of the Church, to whom all power is given in heaven and earth, would graciously banish from the Church the errors of infidelity, rationalism, and superstition, and give repentence to the acknowledging of the truth; so that faith, charity, and concord may be restored to the Churches of the Reformation." Evangelical efforts could only do good to Roman Catholics when they were dictated by love for souls, and were pure and living. Dr. Duff, from Edinburgh, had specially re quested that the accompanying addition might be made to the requests for prayer under the heading of " Prayer for mission fields:"— "'That special supplications be made for the speedy and complete overthrow of all the mighty systems of anti-Christian error, such as Moham medanism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Confuciusism, Taowism, with every form of pagan idolatry and superstition," as without this many missionaries would feel themselves left out who had to contend only with the most gigantic forms of heathenism, superstition, witchcraft, &c.; His Lordship remarked on the charitable and catholic tone of Dr. D'AubignSTs letter. He did not mean to endorse the whole of it, but there was shown in the correspondence the desire among Christians throughout the world to be drawn together more in love and prayer than they had hitherto. It was decided that there should be a debate on the subject next day. CONVENTION IN SYDNEY". His Lordship stated that there was to be a Convention of the Bishops and representatives of the various Australasian dioceses in Sydney, probably in September next. One subject to be discussed was the formation of a Consensual Court of Appeal in England from colonial Churches, as to which matters of doctrine might : be referred, as there might be differences of opinion between local metropolitans. Another question to be considered was a despatch of Earl Kimberley, Secretary of State for the Colonies, in answer to a letter of the Bishop of Sydney, calling attention to the status of colonial Bishops appointed by the Crown in colonies where there were Constitutions, and the status of clergy ordained by them in reference to the Established Church of England. The purport of the despatch was that Bishops had no coercive jurisdiction in colonies which had obtained constitutional government prior to the granting of Letters Patent to Bishops without a special Act of the Colonial Parlia ment, and that acts of Bishops, who had not the requisite power conferred upon them—sucli ; as ordination of clergymen—were null and void. He did not think this affected his case, as he was appointed antecedent to the formation of the Constitution; but the question was raised whether the endowments on his death could pass to his successor. He thought he would have to get legislative sanction to recognise his corporation, or return the endowment tempo rarily to the donors. The disqualification of ; clergymen ordained by Bishops who had not obtained a status from colonial legislation, and who were equal in piety and zeal to their brethren in England—( Hear, hear)—to BR posi tions as ministers in England was most unfair. He mentioned that he had been asked to preach the opening sermon at the Conference. He took this more as a compliment to the diocese than himself. Ge had to ask the Synod to appoint men in whom they could trust to con sider at the Conference this question, partly ecclesiastical, partly legal. : Further consideration was postponed till next day. SYNODAL EXPENSES. Mr. R. B. Colley moved— " That the assessment for Synodal expenses be the same as last year with the exception of the alterations proposed by the Standing Com mittee." The Rev. Leslie Smith objected to the assessment for O'Halloran Hill Church, and the objection was referred to the Standing Com mittee, with power to act— The motion, subject to this revision, was carried. Mr. B. B. Collet moved— "That Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill; St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga; and Holy Trinity, Riverton,'be placed in Schedule C, in ; compliance with the recommendation of the Standing Committee." Carried. EDITING OF REPORT OF SYNOD. Mr. C. B. Young proposed— "That the Yen. Archdeacon Marryat, Rev. Henry Read, Mr. Colley, Mr. Neville Blyth, and ! Mr. wicksteed be a Committee to edit the report of Synod, and that it be an instruction to them to incur as little expense as possible." Carried. TITLES TO CHURCH PROPERTY. Mr. Neville Blyth proposed— "That for the future, in the ease of Churches seeking union with Synod, the land whereon the Church stands being under the provisions of the Real Property Act, it shall be absolutely neces sary that the certificate of title be in the name of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incorporated." He mentioned that he had brought forward thi question at the request of the Election Com- j mittee, and pointed out that all land alienated I from the Crown after the Real Property Act had passed into law was under the Act, and land disposed of previously could be brought under it, ; One of the peculiarities of the Act was that it': recognised no trusts, the person whose name was on the grant being the owner. Ho did not desire to take any power from the Churches, but simply to provide for the protection of the j properly against the death or insolvency of the holders. ' Mr. Thrupp concurred in the object Mr. Blyth had in view, but he thought it would interfere with the patronage of the Churches in ! appointment qr ministers, the principle. being ] that they should be appointed, except where there was a Select Vestry, by a Committee con sisting of the Churchwarden, Trustees, and two or three oilier members elected annually—a principle for which the laity fought when the Synod was first constituted. A result of the motion would be, he thought, to' make the Synod one of the nominating parties. Another difficulty he saw was in case an accusation was brought against a clergyman, and sentence was pronounced which had to be given effect to by the Vestry. He thought it would be ill-advised to pass the resolution, and he suggested its reference to the Committee. After some discussion the motion was carried, and the amendment for reference to the Com mittee negatived. The House then adjourned for an hour. Evening Setting. The Synod again met at 7 o'clock; His Lord ship the Bishop of Adelaide in the chair. CLERICAL INCOMES. Mr. R. B. Collet moved— " That with regard-to clerical incomes, where there is an offertory at every Sunday service, every pound paid to the incumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let." The Rev. T. Field seconded the motion. After discussion it was amended by the words "from whatever source raised" being struck out, and the words "fund raised within the district or congregation" being inserted. In that condition the motion was carried. standing committee. The Standing Committee was elected by ballot as follows :—Clergy—Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Dove, Canon Coombs, Revs. S. Green, W. W. Ewbank, H. Read, and J. Pollitt. Laity N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, Dr. Gosse, C. B. Young, F. Wicksteed, L. W. Thrupp, G. W. Hawkes, Dr. Duncan, J. Bath, Hon. A. Blyth, W. S. Douglas, N. Oldham, W. J. FuUarton, G. M. TurnbulL Secretary —F. Wicksteed. Auditors—R. B. Colley and A. Spence. Trea surers—G. M. Turnbull and H. Dutton. mode of filling dp cures. The Rev. S. Green moved— "That in the opinion of this Synod it is not advisable that during the vacancy of a Cure the Trustees or other body in whom the patronage is vested should invite clergymen to become candidates of the living, inasmuch as such action is inconsistent with the principles of the Church of England, and likely to produce evil results to both clergy and laity." The Rev. H. Howht seconded the motion, which was carried. separation of congregations. The Bev. T. Field moved— "That it is desirable that Synod should take action, under the direction of the Lord Bishop, to arrest the tendency towards the separation of the Church of England in South Australia into independent congregations." A vote by order was demanded on this^ ques tion and taken, and the motion was rejected; the mover and seconder only supported it. VESTRY RECORD BOOK. The Bev. Henry Read, M.A., moved— " That this Synod recommend that the Vestry Book which has been prepared by a Special Committee, and has received the sanction of the Bishop as a preacher's and service book, should be generally adopted in all Churches throughout the diocese." The Bev. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., seconded the motion, which was carried. THE CATHEDRAL. The Bev. H. Bead moved— "That steps be taken to procure united action among all the clergy of the diocese towards assisting the Bishop in the erection of the Cathedral." He suggested that a sermon should be delivered at a public meeting held, or lecture given on the subject in each parish. The Rev. J. L. Smith seconded the motion. The Very Bev. Dean Russell suggested the commemoration of the laying of the foundation-stone on St. Peter's Day, and a sermon in the evening from a minister not of the chapter, as showing the feeling of the Church on the subject of the usual Church of England government. The motion was carried unanimously. THE ADELAIDE HOSPITAL. The Bev. H. Bead moved— " That one Sunday in the year (to be agreed upon) be set apart as a Hospital Sunday, when the claims of tins institution may he advocated from the pulpit, and all religious bodies be appealed to to unite in Ibe practice on one common day." He said the idea was not a new one, as it had been carried into effect in the old country. The Bev. T. J. Smyth seconded the motion. The Bev. W. W. Ewbank opposed it in consequence of the system of private contributions shifting the responsibility off the shoulders of the Go vernment. The Bev. H. J. Poole opposed it on account of the principle having nothing to do with the giving of spiritual aid. The Very Bev. Dean Russell opposed it on the same ground, considering also that the Government should tax the country sufficiently to keep up its public institutions. Dr. Gosse considered the Hospital Sundays system should be encouraged, _ and spoke in favour of tbe Government providing some other institution for the treatment of incurables and destitute persons, and that tbe Hospital should be set apart for the treatment of acute diseases alone. Under Government management the Hospital was too frequently used by the Believing Officer and not so much by private recommenders of cases. BEs LordsHIP did not believe in the Churches being called upon to assist tbe general funds of the Hospital, but thought that a fund to assist convalescents might be raised in the various parishes. The motion was then put and lost. election committee. Mr. Young moved— " That the Election Committee for the ensuing year be the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Bev. EL Read, Messrs. N. Blyth, Colley, and Thrupp." Mr. Hawkes seconded. Carried. lacepede bay native mission. The Rev. T. Field moved— "That the status of the Lacepede Bay mission is such that it is an urgent necessity that^ it should receive the attention of Synod with respect to the provision of funds." He pointed out that there was a deficiency of £50 in the funds, that the buildiugs were in a very dilapidated condition, and that, had it not been for the assistance of the Bishop the mission would have had to be closed. Mr. C. B. Young seconded, and several of the clergy and laity spoke in favour of the motion. Pis Lordship said he believed the Trustees of the Poonindie Mission would be prepared to I assist the Lacepede Bay Mission by a grant, and mentioned incidentally that after the murder of Bishop Patteson Mr. G. F. Angas sent a donation of £30 towards the Melanesian Mission. The j motion was carried unanimously. Several notices of motion were givfen, and, after the benediction had been pronounced, Synod adjourned at a quarter to 10 o'clock till I next day at 3. i Second Day: Tuesday, May 7.s The meeting was opened with prayer by the j Lord Bishop at 3 o'clock. endowment. Mr. Colley asked whether any report had been laid before Synod by the Endowment Society. Mr. G. W. Hawkes replied that tiie | accounts had been audited, and the securities looked into. He regretted that a financial statement had aot been published. He was, , however, safe in stating that there was _ £800 this year ready to be handed over at any time it should be applied for. On Mr. N. JBlyth ob jecting ,to any statement except in writing, notice of motion was given by Mr. Colley, seconded by Mr. Thrufp—"That in the opinion of this Synod an account should be laid before Synod by the Church of England Endowment Society annually, and that this resolution be communicated to the Society." DISCIPLINE. The Archdeacon gave notice of motion "That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration that portion of the Lord Bishop's address on the state of the Diocese respecting discipline, tiie removal of clergymen, and ex changes of incumbency, and. report thereon to tbe next Synod through the Standing Com mittee." united prayer. The Orders of the Day were new proceeded with, and the Bishop called attention to " the week of prayer proposed by the Hon. A. Kinnaird, with the approval of M. Merle D'Aubign€, for the reformed churches and missions." He felt sure that this effort for united prayer all over the world coincided with the desire for unity which had of late been shown, and that the feelings of the Church here would gladly respond to it. The action displayed so much of a spirit^ of piety, and humble dependence on Almighty God, that he put the proposal with pleasure before Synod, and did not doubt of its meeting with ' a favourable reception. He forebore to _ at ' length contrast the two letters, one of which : was narrow and confined, while the other was ' bread.' and catholic, and. in the spirit of this ; letter he felt hopeful that they would be pre pared to join in the prayer. He had therefore 'drawn up for the guidance of the Church 'here the following topics for united prayer, 'which was proposed for Whit Sunday, j May 19, andthe octave followm? :— 1\. That the Evangelical doctrines of salvation— our fallen state, faith in the atonement of the Cross, justification, and sanctification—may ' through the grace of the Holy Ghost become more iiving and effectual in all who profess and call themselves Christians. 2. That the personal communion of each of us with1 Christ may be true, so that each may be able to say with St. Paul, "Christ dwelleth in me.'" 3. That the Great Head of the Churck may cleanse it from unbelief, Rationalism, and false doctrine in all its branches. 4. That in those countries, heathen cr others,- where the written Word of God is kept hack or unknown, it may have free course, to the overthrewof ignorance and priest craft, idolatry, and superstition. 5. That God in His infinite mercy may restore to all Christendom, Greek, .Roman and Reformed, liberty, truth, and love, that all may be "one fold under one shepherd." "If ye .ask any thing in my same I will do it." In drawing up this summary of topics the Bishop had, he said, endeavoured to convey the spirit of all that was desired by Mr. Kinnaird and M. D'Aubigne, while he had carefully omitted everything which might irritate or disturb. He trusted that Synod and the Church generally would agree with him, and make these the subjects of private devotion; and he meanwhile would draw up a suitable form of public prayer. Canon Dove desired to be informed who this Monsieur Merle D'Aubignd was. For himself, he felt a horror of him, and wished the Bishop o put the subject as a motion of his own; he ad nothing to do with M. D'Aubigu€. Mr. N. Blyth was willing to move a substan tive resolution in the Bishop's own words. The motion might possibly come better from a layman, and he would follow and acquiesce with thankfulness and sympathy in His Lord ship's suggestion that they should set apart a special season for general prayer for the .whole Church .of Christ. He did not give up his individual judgment, but felt there was cause for thankfulness in having such a resolution conveyed in words cf such wide and catholic love to all Christians—words which breathed the spirit, and might justly be compared with some of the language of their own beautiful Book of Prayer—words which put to shame some of those who held this book 111 their hands, and which administered a grave rebuke to their sad sectarianism and bitter narrowness of spirit. Canon Dove would be happy to second the Bishop's motion. He was only angry that the Church of Rome should have been singled cut in the suggestions of the letter, which seemed vexy much as if the words were, " I thank Thee, O God, that I am not as other men." Dean Russell was happy to support the Bishop. He thought Mr. Dove was labouring under a mistake. A somewhat narrow view had been expressed by Mr. Kinnaird, and in the latter prayer of the two M. D'AubignG had . xpanded this. He felt sure that Mr. Dove would unite in this. The Rev. S. Green would propose an amendment. To him no subject was dearer than the unity of Christendom, and Mr. Blyth had proved, from the way in which he had spoken of the prayers of their own Church, that special prayer was needless. The gentlemen who had proposed this prayer seemed not to know that in the daily prayers the Church supplicated for all these objects. At the very season of Whit Sunday, when this united prayer was proposed to be offered, they prayed for "right judgment in all things." On Good Friday they prayed for Jews, Turks, and Infidels, &c.; They already prayed for every part of the objects proposed. Therefore he moved—" That special prayer is unnecessary." The Rev. W. Scott seconded the amendment. The Bishop put the motion—"That this Synod agree to the proposition made by the Lord Bishop to unite in prayer for the whole Church of Christ at the ensuing season of Whit suntide." The Rev. J. A. Boake called for a vote by orders on Mr. Green's amendment, which was worded as follows:— That inasmuch as the Church of England does already in its daily services pray ' ft® the good estate of the Catholic Church, and. that all who profess and call themselves Christians may be led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life,' a week of special prayer is unnecessary, and that this Synod urges the clergy and laity to unite in prayer daily throughout the year." In favour of the amendment there voted the Revs. Green, Hawkins, Morse, Webb, Jenkins, Howitt, H. M. Pollitt, Boake, Scott, and Honner. Against it there voted of the clergy the Arch deacon, Dean Russell, Canons Farr, Dove, and Coombs, the Revs. Poole, Houghtou, Donaldson, Miller, Ewbank, Field, Clayfield, J. Pollitt, and H. Read. Of the laity three voted for the amendment and 25 against it. The amendment being thus lost, the original motion was carried. The Bishop's suggested topics of prayer were considered seriatim in detail, and accepted. CONFERENCE. The Bishop now proceeded to call atten tion to "the Conference in Sydney. Subjects to be considered—Court of Appeal and the status of colonially- ordained clergy as to the Established Church of England." With refe rence to this, His Lohdsbip proposed, and Canon FaER seconded—"That this Synod do accept the invitation of the Metropolitan to send representa tives of the laity and clergy to take part in the Conference to be held in Sydney in September, ■with reference to forming a Provincial Synod of the several Australian Dioceses." His Lordship reminded Synod how in 1S71 Archdeacon Marryat and Canon Farr were selected to repre sent the clergy, and Messrs. Thrupp and Colley the laity. Among the subjects for tbe Con ference would be :—1. That the Clergy should have a Consensual Court of Appeal to a higher tribunal; 2. The constitution of our own Metropolitan Court; and, 3. To preserve union with England and Ireland, what _ should be tbe relation of the Metropolitan to the Primate of Canterbury so as to keep up organic unity. He desired to send an answer if they accepted the proposal to have a general Synod or Conference. The motion was seconded Toy Canon Fare, was put, and carried. MARRIAGE. In the absence of the Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. Scott asked, " Whether any instructions have been issued to tbe clergy in reference to the marriage of a man with the aster or the daughter of the sister of his deceased wife; and if so, will His Lordship lay such instructions before Synod." The Bishop replied that this year he had not issued any instruction. A year ago he stated his opinion that the lex loci did not supersede the obligations of ordination; that no clergyman could be compelled to perform such a marriage; and, in foro conscientios, he did not think they ought to do it. UNION WITH SYNOD. In accordance with notice, the Rev. A. Honner. called attention to the report of the Election Committee with regard to St. Martin's Church, Campbell town, and expressed his dis satisfaction that this Church had not been admitted to nnion with Synod. Mr. Thbupp the Secretary, and others explained that there had been no neglect. The Committee had found it impossible, in accordance with the rules of Syood, to admit thisjChurch in the pre sent state.of its trust- deed, which they had not left themselves time to modify. They regretted much that for this session they had. lost the presence of Mr. Downer. MELANESIA. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, according to notice, moved.—"That this Synod, sympathizing with the conductors of the Melanesia!! Mission in the heavy trials through which they have recently passed, earnestly recommend the members of the Church in this Diocese to give their best aid to the efforts being made to provide a new mission ship." He felt that no appeal _was needed. Their sympathies had long been given to this mission, and were now especially required in the almost irreparable loss sustained in the death of the late Bishop Paiteson. Special efforts were being made at home, £3,000 had been already raised for a Church_ on Norfolk Island and the purchase of a new ship. He hoped the Church would liberally assist these noble mission works. With respect to the notice " That a letter of condolence be suldressed to the representatives of the Mdanesian Mission," Canon Fare explained that he wished to make an addition and correction to the letter already written but not yet sent. Mr. Atkin's name had been wrongly spelt, and that of the native Cateehist omitted. Ills LORDSHIP spoke of Bishop Patteson's great success at the very time when he was cut off, he having within four months admitted about 300 converts to baptism, which fact spoke of a great work. Mr. Cod migton had been spoken of as likely to succeed Bishop Patteson. The motions combined were carried unanimously. EAT READERS. The Rev. W. Scott proposed, the Rev. H. J, Poole seconded—" That in the opinion of Synod lay readers should he restricted in the perfonn ance of their duties to the districts for which they are licensed; or, in the case of their being under a clergyman licensed to two or more districts, then the lay reader shall be restricted to such two or more districts.". The Bishop explained that as an act of courtesy and disci pline, when the services of a lay reader were required in any place other- than that for which he held a licence, the circumstance should be mentioned to the Bishop, as the licence was not intended to be a roving commission. The pro position was not formally put. 