, MISCELLANEOUS. ' ^ Cruel Frivolity. — It is said that there is use for everything in nature ; but we are not prepared for a wholesale slaughter of our little birds for the purpose of ornamenting valentines. Hummingbirds and other foreigners havo beon so used, though sparingly, for some years past, but tho present season witnesses our English birds adopted for thiB purpose, as several shop windows testify by skins of hundreds of these little creatures, neatod on silk or satin pincughionB, surrounded by flowers and- with love missives in thnir lipnL-o ni,n«in_ ches, greenfiches, ordinary nnd golden-orestcd wrens, hedge sparrows, robins, yollow-hammers, lionets, tomtits, aud a variety of others huve been sacrificed for the trade ; and that not in a most artistic manner, as the mere tearing their bodies out of the skin and stretching tho latter with out spread wings on a wad of tow, on tho pincushion top, is easily effectod. Not long ago the most brilliantly plumuged of our English birds, the kingfisher, was threatened with extermination by the demand for its wings for ladies hats; and to protect sen-fowl from indiscriminate slaughter to meet a fashion at last necessitated an Act of Par ?iw.iiuijk. j.,io buubiuvuiajr ub mi mo uamago done by little birds ia ono of a uature not likely to die out, but wo f^el sure that tha majority of the light feeling persons at home nre ns anxious to re tain our feathered and tuneful favourites as our colonists are to receive nnd encourage them in thoir new countries. Auyhow, before another Valentine's Day comes round, ladies, at leaBt, will do well to remember that the little birds which havo been' slaughtered to ornament those missives of Venus would otherwise have bean observing their traditional customs, nnd seeking themselveB mates on this auspicious day. — Qlobe. The ' Ballarat Star' eays : — ' The tribute eyBtem is not ' all beer aud skittles,' it a row ?at the Park Company's works on Monday may be acceptod as evidence. The tnino was Jet to fivo tributors, who employed some 150 miners, and those sot the directors of the ?company at deGanco, and some unpleasant things were said and dono. On Monday tho ?directors determined to assert their rights and ?obtain police protection, two constables boiDg fitationed at tbo works all Monday night. One of the miners, after the eluicemen had boen ejected from his place and certain other hostile things throatenod, got into tho cage and said ho would not allow tbo directors or anybody to go down tho shaft, nnloas it pleased tho 150 omployoa of tbo tributors. Upon this tbo directors consulted their solici tor, who advised a cancelling of tho agree ment with the tributors. This was dono, and the mine tbus on Tuesday rovortod to the directors, who have invited a new tribute. A Mimno Acoidknt Fond.— Thero is a word, aays tbo Daily Telegraph, tt bo Baid in fivvor of a good cause now bofore the public, and that is tho formation of a miners' accident fund. Few things aro moro solomn and distrossing than to bo present when the' lift' bas startod with its ghastly cargo after an nccidont, and up comes the cage with tho sbattorod body upon it ; and the pain is intensified by think ing of tho homo to which the corpso bas to be conveyed. What is to become of the wife nnd bairns ? Tho nftor distress is tho worst, nnd thia could be alloviatod by tho co-oporation^of the men in establishing a rolief fund. The ' Bondigo Advortisor' makes tho suggestion, and its articles on the subject go over the entire question. There is just one further point which may be mentionod boro, as it will explain why we 'wish the project a success, and thai is, that if the minors can bo got to subscribe to an accident fund, they will pro bably bo more provident of tbeir persons also ; just as men whon they insure their lives cease to be reckloss-of them. Tho business like contemplation of death steadies them, and oponB thoir eyes to risks. \Vo have advocatod an inspection of mines in tho in terests of the workmen, but any such inspec tion is only auxiliary to the efforts of the men themselves. The one way of obtaining a very great diminution of the doatb-rato is to awakon tho miners to an intelligent senso of their peril. To every accident duo to impro per appliances, iron tamper bars, rotten ropes, and treacherous ladders, for whioh companies or managers are responsible, there aro two to be put down to tho personal stupidity and carelessness of the miners. Hovv many of the catastrophes read like suicides ? THE INEBRIATE ASYiJJM, NEW YORK. This is an asylum for drunkards, who voluntarily enter it for the purpose of aban doning their drinking habits, having lost all power of self-control while subject to every day temptations which surround them. The trustees of the proposed Inebriate Asylum in New York have issuod an appeal to the Churches of the United States- and the American public for assistance. Some of the statements are startling, as— Who can doubt the vital importance of such an Asylum when, even before it9 first story is completed, applications bavo been made for admittance, many of which are from the patients themselves ? Among the appli cants are 23 clergymen, 36 physicians, 42 lawyers, 3 judges, 12 editors, 4 array, and 2 naval officers, 179 morchants, 55 farmers, 515 mechanics, and 410 women, most of them ladies. How came all those to be prostrate and so disgraced ? Did they descend to drunken ness and shame with ono step, or did they go down by the dangerous stairway of moder ation ? 'Twenty-eight 'clergymen' — men who were, if we believe thoir profession, called by the' Holy Ghost to watch the flock of the faithful,, and to be themselves sentinels and guardians upon tbe walls of Zion. ; these men by the way of moderation, have fallen — alas ! bow low. 'Thirty-six physicians' — men who knew' tbe danger that lurks in the cup of abomin able things and yet pnrtopkof its nn holy and destructive contents. They are prostrate aud helpless in the fiendish, power of tbe tyrant which has bound them, in his adamantine chains. ? '..'?' 'Forty-two lawyers' — wbo, by the prac tice of their honourable profession see often deep into the affuirs of others ; they bnve turned their knowledge to licentiousness, have disgraced humanity and the bar, and are now shivering inebriates seeking admission into the halls and retreats of tbe asylum. ? ' Three judges' — conservatives of the poace, purity, and protection of their .respective jurisdictions — men who minister the law themselves, prostrated below tbo poor crea tures upon whom they executed tbo vengeance of the violated stntnte, and tbeir ermine dracced in tho nnllntinn nf T^n^Minnnlinn degradation. ' Twelve editors' — meu who, for tho sake of the community arid themselves, ought to abstain from, and honestly denonnce, any participation in tbe demoralising customs of society — they advertised the poison in their columns, took bribes, perhaps, to slander the temperanco cause, and fell into tbe Bnares they -assisted to set for others. And the 'army nnd navy' seek a represen tative within tbo walls of tbo Drunkards' Asylum. '179 merchants!' — what horrible havoc upon tbo commercial enterprise, indus try, and intelligence of tbe conntry. '50 Farmers'— ^w bo should have been pnblicly useful in their day. ' 525 mechanics' — men who might have carved out an honorable Dame, nnd left an unsullied reputation. '410 women from tbe high walks of life' — horrible words ! »?'., What a Bummary. Surely tbe demand is loud to the pulpit, tbe platform, nnd the press to ' stay this plague.' — ? American Paper.' Improvements in the Gknebation or Steam. —In order to effect the more rapid and economioul generation of steam, Mossrs. Collinridge and 8te phen, of Dnnkerque, propose to use a email closed vessel constructed of copper or malleable iron, or other suitable material of sufficient strength to remst a pressure of at least two atmospheres, such vessel being furnished with two tubes or pipes, one end of each pipe communicating with tho interior of tho vessel. Each pipe is Dttedwith a self-acting valve, so constructed to operate that the valve of one pipe allows fluid to flow Inwards- only into tho intorior of tho closed vessel, and that the valve of the. other pipe allows of tho liquid when greatly dilatod with heat or converted into Rtcnm to flow outwards only. To work tho apparatus, the closed vessel should bo charged with a small portion of fluid niinlogoua to tho main body of fluid requiring to bo hoatod or converted into steam, the cover flxed securely on tho pipes oo arranged that tho orifices of the extromities furthest from tho veBaellend into the main body of fluid, ponetmtinK deep below tho surface. Active heat being implied to tho exterior of tho closed vessel, steam in rapidly Ronerated. and oBoapos into tho main body of fluid through tho pipo, with thovalvo opening out wards, lho immediate roBult is tho formation of a vacuum inside tho vcbsoI. This vacuum in its turn is quickly filled by an influx of a portion of tho mam body of fluid, which ruBhon in with ex treme velooity through the pipo, with tho valvo opening inwards only. This portion of fluid |q converted into steam, and cecnpes In thnt fbrm as before leaving a vacuum again to be re-filled from the main body. Mr. Meiklejohn (of Jnson notorioty) has been committed to a Reception House, on a charge of insanity. ° 