A Curious Affair. This looks something like & ghost story, although it is not one. A few days ago, two householders of East Obllingwood coiled upon sergeant Fenton, at the ' lock-up, eaoh oaTying a pockethandkerohitf filled with ogly lumps of Milestone, interspersed 'with a few iron nuts and such missiles. One of the parties excitedly placed the paroels on the tabln, and informed tbe sergeant that he and his companion were ratepayers, and then went on to say that they paid lor police protection, and now threw the respon sibility on the police of preserving their liveB and the lives of their familes from rampant, murderous larrikins. Both of them went to work at an marly hour of the morning, and retomoi at about 6 in the evening. While [they were away, their wives and children wert positively afraid to stir out of the houses. Every now and again a great stone would come flying Sato their yards without anybody being ?He to see where it came from. The wife would be going ont to the trap, and suddenly get a blow on thethonlder, whioh would kill her if it was a little higher up. Hardly one of the children in either house had eseaped from bruises through these stones and things, and the wonder w*s that neh:dy could see the throwers. It must be the larrikins with their shanghais. Anyhow, unless something was done, there would be a death soon. Sergeant I'enton, talcing up one of the triangular lumpB of stone, observed that it could hardly hare cone out of a Shanghai, being altogether too big, unless some new kind of catapult had been invented. Sow ever, he promised to tell off a oonstable in plain clothes to watch the houses. This was dote, and a constable lay in ambush throughout a whole day, but ne stones came. He saw a small boy shangaaing ?t « bird a considerable way off, and took his name, rnnoh to the little fellow's oonsternation, but did not consider himself justified in capturing him The constable was not sent after that day, bnt one of the aonieholden came up to the police office with en astounding pieoe of information. The atone throwing had reoommeneed, and went on as mys terionsly as aver, until it came suddenly to an end Hub way. One of the daughters of his zwighbour cams running: into the house, crying out that another stone had come, and almost ttrnek the woman living next door ; but only » moment or two elapse* when a neighbour rushed in to declare that he a«d seen the little girl who was tbe bearer' of the information throw the stone her ?elf. The truth was then discovered. The girl, having a grudge agnimt the next door ohUdren, had thrown the stones, lumpBof iron, and other missiles, bestowing. a fair share upon her own mother's yard to divert suspicion. Such a -villainous pieoe of malice, and carried out to cleverly by a child, is not often chronicled. It is quite a punslo how she oould have managed to escape detection for several d«ys as the HA, bat of course every one obarged it to ?those larrikins.' - 