SPIRITUALISM DEFENDED. TO THB EDITOn CP THE ABÓOS. Sir,-The discussion on spiritualism is already played out, for, unluckily for their cause, the "higher intelligences" (whoever they may be) forgot to reveal to their infan- tile pupil and volunteer champion, the art of successfully carrying on a polemical corre- spondence in The Argus. Between "Ape- mantus" and "H. G. T. " that same spiritual suckling has fared but roughly ; and from the latter especially, he has taken some severe punishment. As to the other, what with his lambent play of epigram, his incisive logic, and his inexhaustible allusiveness ,one cannot have too much of him. But, beshrew him ! he takes all the good things out of one's mouth. What I beg to have my little grumble at, however, is the evil disposition shown by these archangel-fed intelligences to imitate the Rev. Mr. Inglis, and to stray beyond their own sphere (or spheres). As thus: their mundane oracle tells us that they are given to disparaging the pleasant practice of book reading, which, as they aver, leads to mental sterility and all manner of mischief. Now, here is a world-old truism, familiar to all bookish men, as old at least as Diogenes, the cynic, repeated often by Thomas Hobbes, and even sanctioned by the honoured name of Robert Hall, who affirmed the thing of Andrew Kippis. Surely to goodness (as they say in my part of Ireland) I am not necessi- tated to go to the archangelic spheres to pick up a scrap of moral observation that has been kicking about the world for some 2,000 years at least. Our friend Inglis himself would scarcely have ventured on presenting, even to a West Melbourne audience, this worn out platitude as a brilliantly novel " contribution to the world's thought," save the mark ! And then the purloined platitude is so false, on the very face of it. ' ' Overmuch reading, " indeed ! Why, where are they to be found, these sad victims of excessive knowledge? And is it not a fact as old and as broad as the entire human race, that not one man in a million is born with the capacity of self- evolved original thought? I grant you Wordsworth's poetical prettiness about the " vernal wood ;" but will the chosen oracle of the " higher intelligences" be good enough to tell me now the history of the world in the past, and science and philosophy, and all that constitutes the difference be- tween savage ignorance and cultured knowledge, between silly superstition and enlightened belief, is to be mastered without books? "Overmuch reading," quotha! I suppose then we must, in obedience to the behest of these heralds of the new Gospel of the Deadened Brains, dismiss all our school children and university students from their books, and send them out into the vernal woods to smell the dandelions (as Sydney Smith said), and to evolve the whole world of knowledge out of the depths of their inner consciousness ! But what now if the "sterile-minded" book readers were to turn round on these new evangelists, and flatly tell them that not one particle of their amazing re- velations is either new or original? That from first to last it is but a rehash of scraps stolen from antiquated and long exploded superstitions ? That is my direct and positive affirmation, and I dare "J. S." to the proof upon it On platform or in journal, I am prepared to meet him, and to prove by unimpeachable evidence that the new spiritism is but the old pagan necro- mancy without the addition of a single inci- dent, a single atom of new truth, or a solitary phenomenon. Will he take up the gauntlet ? If not, he can scarcely cavil, I think, if I for one accept, and stop at, the conclusion reached, by the Saturday reviewer of the recent report of the Dialectical Society (see No. for 21st October), namely, that spiritism is " one of the most unequivocally degrading superstitions that has ever found currency amongst reasonable beings."-I am, &c;, I r " SAXO GRAMMATICUS JUNIOR. Jan, 8, TO THE EDITOB OF THE ARGUS, Sir,-I send you the following extract from a lecture delivered by Dr. Maudsley three or four years ago, on " Some of the Causes of Insanity." I believe it to be worthy of earnest consideration by the spiritualist and the orthodox—in fact, by all who interest themselves about religion—one of the most conspicuous elements in human life :— "The question of religion as an agency influencing in a powerful manner the minds of men for good or evil; and therefore, predisposing or not to mental degeneracy, I must leave untouched, not only because of the difficulty and delicacy of the subject, but because of the impossibility of doing justice to so important a matter in a brief and inciden- tal manner. If the task were attempted, it would be necessary to consider the effect of the religious creed professed on the thoughts, feelings, and conduct of men—in other words, on the intellect, the emotions, and the will. It has been said by no less a person than Emerson that as men's creeds mark a disease of the intellect, so their prayers mark a dis- ease of the will. Now, without giving in our adhesion to that opinion, it would be permissible, and indeed desirable, so- berly to attempt to estimate the in- fluence of religious belief upon the common mind ; and this might, perhaps, best be done by systematically discussing three principal questions,—first, What influence a belief in the supernatural has upon the growth and progress of human thought—whether its natural tendency is to strengthen or enervate the intellect? Secondly, What is the practical effect worked on tho hearts of men by the fear of punishment and the hope of reward after death—whether their feelings and desires are beneficially influenced, or are influenced at all, by possibilities which always seem afar off ; or whether, on the other hand, as some argue, their feelings are deadened and themselves blinded thereby to the certain laws by which their sins or errors are always avenged in this world on them- selves or on others? And lastly, what is the practical effect produced on the character of the many by the belief that through prayer they may obviate the effects of their own want of foresight, or want of self-renuncia- tion, and may rely on supernatural aid where the will fails. Also, what is the effect on their character of the profession of a belief in moral maxims and precepts which they cannot always reconcile with the exigencies of actual life—whether the natural tendency of these beliefs is to justify the will, and to fashion a strong character well qualified for the consistent conduct of life? According to the way in which these questions are answered will be tho answer to the question, whether the religious creed of a nation, as entertained by the masses, predisposes, or not, to mental degeneracy." It appears to me that "M. C." is the only one of your correspondents who has grappled thoroughly with the subject of spiritualism. I may add that I have had an opportunity of watching closely two women who had been, and may again be, acting as mediums, and that I am convinced they are two of as intense impostors as I have ever met in the whole course of my life.-Yours, Jan. 8. N. A. TO THE EDITOB OIT THE ARGUS. Sir,-Did the letters of your correspondent "J. S." stand alone on the side he advocates, they would, there is no doubt, prove eminently convincing to all readers. All therein stated is harmonious with itself ; but unfortunately it is not ât all in harmony with what is asserted on the same questions by far older spiritualists than is, I think, "J. S.," or perhaps any believer in the new philosophy in this part of the world. Whilst these other authorities differ so among themselves, one is altogether at a loss to know what to believe, or whether, so far as spirit communications are concerned, it is not the best policy not to believe at all. Thus, for example, your cor- respondent tells us they, the spirits, condemn the godhead of Christ as having contributed more than any other cause to impede the Christianisation of mankind. In other words, the spirits—those communicating with "J. S."— deny the divinity of Christ in toto. But it happens that an old medium of the last century, one Emanuel Swedenborg, re- ceived communications from a similar sort of intelligences, which affirmed this same Christ was a manifestation of God the Father himself in a human form. Mrs, Newton Crosland, in Light in the Valley, p. 176, gives a discourse on the Trinity, received from spirits, that the bishop of Melbourne might read from the altar in place of the Athanasian Creed. Mr. William Howitt tells us he was repeatedly corrected in his Unitarian opinions by spirits, and eventually converted to a belief in the divinity of the Saviour. On the other hand, I myself was lately told, by means of a table, at a spiritual séance, that Christ was neither God nor man, although it was right to wor- ship him. Mr. Nayler speaks of Christ, on spiritual authority, as the "matchless Naza- rene," and as " the greatest medium that ever lived ;" whilst the same person is characterised by more than one American (spiritual) writer as " one of the Sons of God and other humbugs." Relative to the parentage of Christ, one medium tells us that his father was the Holy Ghost another that his father was an angel, a third that tho father was Joseph ; and Dr. Tiedemann, in Phila delphia, not long since received a communi- cation from no less a person than St. John, who said that the father of Christ was one Vobiscus, a churchwarden at Jerusalem. As this sort of scraps of information have as many varieties as there are circles, and as every evening seems to develope a new theory, one with a healthy active brain, let alone a dead one, is likely to feel himself sorely puzzled to know which of such statements aré to be received and which rejected. Probably "J. S." will evade the difficulty by telling us that these are the communica- tions of evil spirits. Granted that they are, and is tho dilemma rendered one whit less puzzling? How are we to decide which ' are the good and which the evil? Each medium probably regards his or her familiar spirit as the only reliable one, but every other medium has his or her opinion of a similar kind, relative to the invisible intelligences by which he or she is enabled to obtain raps on tables, become lifted in the air, or write with a planchette. I may and do believe in the existence of the spiritual telegraph ; but surely, if the telegrams contradict each other in this fashion, I ought, in all regard for truth and justice, to pause for a few moments and consider, with brain all alive, 'ero speaking, as " J. S." does, on the authority of information, so received, relative to the ignorant followers of Jesus having deified a mere " spiritualised man." Does, however, " J. S." see the difficulties into which this theory of Jesus being a " spiritualised man" (that is, a medium) is likely to lead those who hold it. By the spiritualistic theory, not only the Redeemer, but also the opostles-Paul notably so-were mediums also. How, then, comes it that, seeing his disciples thus deluded, and the object of his mission frustrated, he, Jesus, never acts upon these same mediums to convince them of their glaring errors? How comes it that the Roman Catholic Church, numbering among its saints and its martyrs mediums by the hundred and by the thou- sand, never received through such persons intelligence which, 1,800 years too late, comes to Mr. Nayler or to Mr. Tyerman? Loyola was so mediumistic as to be frequently suspended in the air before the crowded con- gregation of a vast cathedral. He saw the mystery of the Trinity revealed to him in a vision, and witnessed the transformation of the sacramental elements. Xavier, on evi- dence that is incontrovertible, performed miracles greater even than any performed in apostolic times. Among the Wesleyans, spiritual manifestations at revival meetings are sometimes of the most marvellous kind, Yet all this display of mediumistic qualities leads, and has ever led, the possessors of such to conclusions the very reverse of those con veyed to "J. S." or to some one else, when John Wesley, giving his faithful flock the go- by, tries to convert a profound Unitarian to a faith he believed in implicitly before. " J. S.," on this port of his subject, the errors of Christianity, speaks of them as having " plunged mankind into superstitious beliefs and practices as gross as those of paganism." what ! as gross as is the prac- tice of Sutteeism, Juggernautism, Thuggism ; as gross as the offering up of human sacrifices to Moloch, or as were the vices spoken of by Paul, Romans i., and more than hinted at by Plato in that memorable dialogue between Phaedrus and Socrates under the plane tree ? If from nothing else, Christianity has, at least, saved us from practices such as these, and that through a series of ages when civilised Europe lay in darkness great as ever ushered into other lands the worship of Baal or the belief in Mumbo-jumbo. Does "J. S." doubt that Christianity has done this, and that its opposite is likely to do something the very reverse. Let him look at the history of that " advanced spiritualism " in America which, 20 years after having denied the truth of Christianity, utters at its congress-" Let thanksgiving he added to thanksgiving for every blow that is struck to weaken the authority of human law—law which, by the hand of man, punishes men for doing wrong ;" which, in the person of a delegate, says, " I have yet to learn that we hold any I thing sacred,' of course neither oath nor marriage ; or which, to quote Horace Greeley (an authority alluded to by Mr. Peebles, who dexterously leaves out what I now supply), "has led to little but to a belief in spiritual wifis-t to adultery, bigotry, and intolerance, and has done nothing save answer somewhat satisfactorily the question, 'If a man die shall he live again ? " I quote from memory. The passage appears in the autobiography of the gentleman abovenamed ; to that I refer the curious and the sceptical. It is said that of- old the common people received the gospel gladly. The kind of common people who, among others, are likely to receive a new gospel, such as is above depicted, with a joy still more exuberant, need not be indicated. I trust, however, that your correspondent will not for a moment imagine I accuse him of holding such opinions. The sect of spiritualism he probably belongs to does not perhaps number 50 in the colony ; and it is only too likely that one of the "advanced" would regard "J. S."and his fellows with a contempt for ignorance in spiritual matters no whit less than would have been bestowed, for the same reason, by. one of Cromwell's ironsides upon a heathenish trooper in Prince Rupert's dragoons. Far be it from me, either, to charge the great majority of spiritualists with holding or assenting to the same lawless and monstrous notions. The real and re- spectable leaders of the movement are keep- ing as yet in the background. They receive the manifestations, perhaps, as evidences of the immortality they hope and long for, but do not, as the more "progressive" ones, run amuck against the entire Christian system because a table quotes Tom Paine, or an enthusiastic American would like to see a new Messiah of purely trans-Atlantic origin. -Yours, &c;" T. H. Fitzroy, JaD. 4, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, Sir,-Your correspondent "M. C," in his letter on spiritualism, which appoared in The Argus of Saturday last, assorts that "there are and have been people—I may name Comte, Bichat, Voltaire, Buckle, Darwin, and Maudsley—who think that when a man dies his individuality dies with him, that his ' mind' but lives again in the effect upon others of its work in this world, and that his body ' puts on immortality' only inasmuch as the accidents of fortune may cause it to re- appear on earth in other forms," This state- ment, as far as the author of the History of Civilisation is concerned, is entirely with out foundation. Buckle never held any such views. So far from being the materialist which "M. C." represents him, he was a firm believer in the immortality of the soul, which he calls "a glorious tenet," "a belief which, if eradicated, would drive most of us to despair," and "the prop and mainstay of mankind." These expressions " M. C," will find in an able argument in favour of a future life and the immortality of the soul, contained in an article from the pen of Mr. Buckle, which appeared in Frazer's Magazine for May, 1850, p. 537 to 542. It is right that this misrepresentation should be corrected ; for it is intolerable that a great man's name should bo used to shield opinions which he deemed pernicious, and should be brought forward as an authority against a doctrine which he cherished, as he himself soys, " above all other doctrines." Jan, 8, J. M. "Janus," an amusing contributor to the Dunolly Express, in bis last paper has the following story:-"I have no great predilec- tion for fishing. As a pastime, I consider that the result is hardly worth the quantity of hope, deferred usually expended in attaining it. On Boxing Day, however, I did set out to indulge in the 'gentle craft' and I caught something which was worth retaining. I however give it freely to your readers, and it is this :-On one side of me were two over- grown colonial youths intermingling their efforts at patience with remarks on those around them, : and on the other side were a Êair of scientific anglers, who occasionally cid an animated conversation, which could be overheard by all of us. Presently one colonial said-' I say, Jim ?' * Well !' ' Did yew hear that swell atalkin' about fly fishin'?' 'Yes, a' course I did.' Here a pause ensued for a few minutes, then colonial No. 1 again addressed his companion; 'I say, Jim?' |"Well]' 'I'm thinkin'lof what that bloke said. Now, what do yer suppose they does I with them flies when they've cotcbed 'em ?' " 