PERCUSORY PAPERS. BY Kuox. Well, I have been rambling far and wide lately, in search of adventures which I have not found, in quest of excitement which, like a Will o' they Wisp, has eluded me even as I thought I had seized it. Ibis a curious thing that through. out the'length and breadth of this colony, even where swamps and marshes abound, I hare never-of' my own experience noticed, nor heard of others who have seen that frolicsome' illusion, called .by the commune vulgus Jack O'Lanthorn or Will'of the Wisp, and known to science as Ignis fatuus or mad fl,,me. The French, by the bye, who, invariably when they can, trans late the latin literally into their own idiom, designate the same apparition by a similar title, and speak of it as Jeu follet. Many are the weird tales told at home of belated wanderers led by this phophorescent sprite" to unwilling suicide in bottomless. marshes, or profound abysses; but it is in the countries where old Celtic traditions are told and customs prevail, that. you will hear the wildest histories of its origin and pranks. Visit, as I have done, some of the remote corners of Brittany, ingratiate yourself with the peasantry, a stolid race of stern will and old world manner, of wild-blue eyes, and long straw-hued hair, a grand old ob stinate Celtic people, who will talk to you in the language which their fathers talked to Caesar, and if you have an interest' in oral records hundreds of years old, of times long past, you can come back rich in a savage sort of fairy. lore, and with your.memory stored with tradi tions which have their origin in the learning of the Druids. Not far from Dinan there dwelt a maid named Yws, a girl of surpassing loveliness, and of a disposition as sweet and modest as the vio lets of spring. Ywa was the only child of a rich old farmer, who, partly through love for his daughter, but more out of regard for his own interests, threw cold water in bucketfuls upon the suits of all the young fellows who sought to make bis daughter their wife. The old man had taught himself that Ywa was necessary to his comfort, and had made up his mind in con sequence, that as long as he lived she should never marry .: after his death she might do as she liked, which was, I am sure, a very gra cious permission on his part. But two of the young lady's suitors chose to imagine that she had a right to an opinion of her own in so im portant a matter as her future lot in life, and that she was entitled to express that opinion. herself, and to follow her inclination if she had one, without waiting for the death of a healthy old curmudgdon, who seemed likely to last as long as one of the stone pillars of Carnac. One of the young fellows, a proud true-born Breton, of the grand Aryan type, iouud his way into Ywa's affections, and nightly the lovers used to meet to exchange words of constancy and love, and devise all sorts of means, all of them as im practicable one as the other, to gain the old farmer's consent to their betrothal. Their place of rendezvous was-a deserted grot, which had, perhaps, in the -days of the old superstition been a shrine of the three gods, or more probably the abode of one of those pious hermit missionaries, who first taught the .simple tenets of christanity to the wild worshippers of Hesus. The grotto was situated in a wood at the bend; of a rapid stream, which had in the course of ages cut it. self a cannel through the-roelks, and now swept with a rapid turn round the point whereon the grotto stood.full one hundred feet above the rushing stream. Between the grotto and the opposite bank was a sheer'chasm, not very wide, it is true, but deep as I have said ; and ap"' parently offering to any one who should care lessly fall into it a very poor chance indeed of ever again shewing a live face to his acquaint. ances, Here then used Cadouhal and Ywa to meet when slumber had clasped the old farmer. in its fast embrace. Their custom was for who ever arrived first at the rendezvous to light a small lamp, whose rays should inform the other that one of the two was anxiously waiting. Ywa's second lover was a fierce stranger of Southern origin, of whom little was known but that he was a seaman; and some rumors from St. Malo spoke of him as.a Basque pirate whose vessel had been wrecked, and who had only escaped with his life, and a large sum of money girt round his loins. However Hernando, for - that was the name he gave, remained among the Bretons to persecute Ywa with .his suit. Little' recked he that the old man refused him. He had a fierce will of his own, and swore he was never thwarted in a purpose. Judge them of his rage when an accident disclosed to him the secret of the lovers. His plans were speedily formed and as rapidly executed, for he was a man of action. He went to the old farmer and disclosed to him all he knew, and more. The. old gentlemen was of course much enraged and locked his daughter up that night. Hernando was early at the lover's grotto, and the scoundrel lit their lamp, but lit it on the wrong side of the stream. The night was very dark, so that Cadouhal, hurrying along with the speed of love' to meet his betrothed, instead of walking into the grotto, walked over the precipice into the str am. As he was falling he, had time to call three times upon our Lady of Safety, and to vow that if his life were preserved he would build her a shrine on the site of the old grot. He then became unconscious, and remembered no morezuntil he awoke about half an hour after-. wards, when he found himself uninjured, lying on his back high and dry on a sward' of turf quite a mile from the chasm into which he had fallen, and within five minutes' walk of his.. own house. As for Herando when he heard the plunge into the water, he thought that his scheme of murder had of course succeeded, and going with his lamp to the edge of the preci. pice peeped into its depths. He had no time to see anything ; for the earth gave way under him, and he and the lamp plunged headlong into the'watery tomb he had prepared for another. Poetic justice of course demanded that he should be drowned and he was drowned - accordingly; but his punishment' did not end here. He is condemned to this day, a wandering ghost with the ghost of a lamp, to roam during the hours of night over the plains of Brittany enticing un wary travellers to destruction. He had no power over those who may be in a state of grace, . and it is well to know that even a sinner, no, matt. r what peril this Breton will o'the wisp may lead him into, is certain to find a means of extrication if he will only call three times upon our Lady of Safety, and promise to build a shrine somewhere. As for Cadouhal and Ywa, of course they were married : that was an inevit able consequence of his miraculous escape. I know not whether he built the shrine he :promised; but all I can say on the' subject is that if he didn't he ought to. Such is the sub stance of a legend which was narrated to me, with all the unction of complete conviction by a massive old pensant'as I sat down with him one July afternoon among the mighty Druidical rmins of Carnao. Anyone is welcome to it for what it is worth now as I am anxious to getback to my subject. I know when I began to write. I was thinking about ambition, and that thought led me by a perfectly natural and easy tran sition to a dissertation upon Jack o'Lanthorn, to which sprite in my mindthe restless demon of ambition is near akin. " What is the end of fame ? 'tis but to fill A certain portion of uncertain paper. Some liken it to climbing up a hill Whose summit like all hills' is lost in vapor. For this do statesmen strive, and soldiers kill, And bards burn what they call the midnight taper, / To have, when the original is dust, A name, a wretched picture, and worse bust." These lines express the opinion of a man who was at once ambitious and attained to a great ex tent the objects of his ambition. From the very start in his race for fame, all seemed with in his reach: he possessed youth, and beauty, transcendent talent, moderate- fortune, and shoals of friends. He was in love fortunate as few men have been. His name soon 'became and has ever-since remained "familiar in men's mouths as household words." His wondrous writings have been translated into every Euro pean language. During his life he was carressed, feted, worshipped, and yet within a few years - of the termination of his brief -but, bright car. reer, he thus told the world what he thouglit of Fame. Certainly, in my opinion, the rewards 'of Fame are by no means adequate. compensation._ for the cares and trials which its pursuit in duces. I can. recall but few, very few, famous men, whom 1 should call fortunate. 'Their lives have mostly been a strife and struggle, and" their ends unhappy. Even in this, colony we have some famous men, famous among a .popu lation of 20,000. The Colonial' Secretary is famous; but I wonder whether he is content with the reward of his ambition. Is he, after rising up early and taking late rest, and eating the bread of carefulness, content that his work for the coloi?sy should be deemed vexation, that his toil should be called obstruction ? One or two of the elected members of the late council ... managed to become iu a measure famous. Is the fame which they have acquired found by them to be an adequate equivalent for th ir worry and anxiety, their loss of time and ne. glect of business, for the frequent misunder sta, ding of their acts and misrepresentation of their motives ? Ah ! the path of ambition is a . thorny one: it is the path through life in which the. greatest number of wayfarers fall down disappointed and die exhausted, or retrace their weary steps the way they came; and yet see how eagerly it is thronged, what multitudes are ever toiling up its stony steeps, all doomed more or less to disappointment, all pursuing what they think substantial, and but few among them fortunate enough to snatch even the filmy shadow-fame : Fame is a very nice thing indeed sometimes; but it often reminds me of an abominable de ception which was practised upon me in my childhood. I was presented by a cruel wag with some very suck-ulent looking lollies, which I accepted with gratitude and absorbed with de. light. Ah horror l They were like whited sepulchres, very nice outside, but internally stench and abomination.-. The ogre of a con fectioner who madeathemn had filled them with what I believe to have been a combination -of assafoetida, birdlime, and bitter .aloes. ;L solemnly assert that I can taste those lollies to this day, and -it must be 50 years or more since I had them. Some of my acquaintances : have found, and more will find, fame not so dissimilar. Very sugary indeed is its firstflavor - but its after-taste has generally more of the bitter than the sweet. Politices make a thorny track, Messieurs Postulants for parliamentary laurels. The very laurel-wreath is not light to wear, its branches have spikes, and its leaves : are not unlike nettles in their qualities. But apart firom the annoyances which you will en counter in your career, are you fit for the post to which you aspire ? Prayask yourselves that question, Have previous education, association, and experience contributed to qualify you for the position of Legislators? Can you, do you - think, spare the time which the country will demand from you from your business or ave. cations. I will tell you a little story. If you have" never heard it, it will be new to you. If you have, it will only be an old friend with a fresh face. There was once a very famous painter,. and he had limned a most exquisite picture. In those days it was customary for artists to .ex. hibit their works publicly in the open market place, and our artist, having hung his picture, - ensconced himself hard by to hear the criticisms of the crowd. Enter, a shoemaker, who, after carefully scanning the picture, found fault with the disposition and drawing of,a sandal, and went away. The painter took the hint, and in the evening corgected the fault. Next day the same shoemaker came again, and finding that h'is advice had been taken, began to freely criticise the face and other parts of the picture. Whereupon the artist exclaimed, "Ne sufor, sJupra crepidam." Go, oh cobb;eo, no higher than shoe-leatherj This saying of the great painter passed into a proverb, which in our English language has been corrupted into, 'Cobbler stick to your last I' The advice it con. tains is homely, but good for all time, andwith -. this reflexion I will for the present take leave of : : my friends, previous tom my akinU preparations for further wanderings. - 