Colonial Beminiscences. I HOW GEOEGE SEATON MADE HIS MONEY IN AUSTRALIA. IN 1853, when so many eyes were turned longing 'toward the land of gold, and every young man began 1 .think he had any amount of money deposited in th ?mountains and valleys of Australia if he could only ¡ »and find it, a party of young men started from Live <pool with golden dreams. Many of them nevi «eturrred ; but their friends heard now and then i tirosperity, and again of adversity, and then they wer oat sight of, some to reappear as members of the Legi tature, bankers, or capitalists ; others loat to mort) leen, covered up in the nameless graves of miners, c wandering shearers or shepherds, no word ever comin back to the anxious watohers who had secretly hope BO much. Among the successful ones who had returned aft« "several years was a young man named George Seaton M<e did not look like one who had weilded the pick an apade much. His hands were soft, and his complexio fair, as though he had been in a counting-house c some ' genteel employment.' Some of his old con rades, from whom he had separated during his residenc in Australia, met him with the usual question : ' Sue cessful, Seaton?' 'Yes; reasonably so,' he woul reply ; but they never got beyond that in his conf dence. Instead of going into any business speculations, h lent his money on good seourity went to his oli employer, solicited employment, and quietly took hi place in the counting-room. He was very thoroug in business, provided in the kindest manner for a: invalid sister, enjoyed sooiety in moderation, but wa never known to tell a mining exploit. Every questio calculated to draw him out waB quietly turned aside He sometimes told the adventures of others, but it soo; became remarked that he never spoke of his own life He evidently felt that this was all his own ;affair ; bu i the circle in whioh he moved and had his being ¡ thought otherwise. Possibly he might have bee: spared the necessity of divulging the seoret of his pas life, if he had not committed the fearful impropriet; of falling in love with his employer's daughter. . Laura Bawden was a girl of great pride of charactei not vain and trifling, but with a high sense of honoui and a determination never to marry a man whos antecedents would not bear the strictest sorutiny Among her many suitors, Mr. Seaton seemed mos likely to oarry off the prize. He was quiet, dignified and by no means stupid. Moreover, her father wa well pleased with him ; for on one occasion, when th credit of his houBo seemed in danger from a finanoia panic in 1862, young Seaton had, in the most unobtru sive manner, offered to place a large sum of money a his disposal, and had thus enabled the house of Baw don to meet the Bhook without even a shiver. O course, when the money was returned and, witl generous interest, Mr. Bawdon expressed his surpris tbat Seaton should not speoulate, and thus probably double his means, with a few Iuoky strokes. Th quito reply was, 41 know too little of such matters ti risk ray small capital, and prefer Blower but sure: methods of gain.' ' A sharp business man too,' Mr. Bawdon remarkec to Cummins, the junior partner. 'Heis accuracy its solf, and has a great deal of forecast. I don't under stand it all. He might become a millionaire if he would only risk a little-it's very odd. However, he is a safe man, and the soul of honour.' 'But there is something strange about him, Mr, Bawdon,' said Cummins. ' He never tells anything ol his antecedents. The closest man alive.' ' Oh. as to that, I have known him from a boy. Hi was in our house as cash boy, and from that to thi counting-room, before he went to Australia. He is o good family, though his father met with reverses anc ,i died poor ; and I believe he supports an Invalid sister \ Ho is remarkably oorreot ; I should say that, in thesi fir> days, is the strange thing.' " * But, my dear Bir, I am informed that he has neve) been known to tell any living man what he did to mak< his money in Australia. Some of those who orossec the sea with him say they have tried to find where hi was or what he was about ; but he is seoret as death, Indeed, I have heard hints that the matter would not boar sifting to closely,' said Cummins. Kow Cummins was a young man, and he attended clubs and took his lunch among fashionable people, and heard a world of gossip. It was thought he had views respecting Miss Hawdon, but he was prudently lying off, trusting to his own advantages in case he should not find any more eligible matoh. Still, he meant to keep the coast clear of invaders. ' I should b« sorry to think ill of George,' said Mr. Bawdon, musingly. ' Of oourse you would. He has done us a real favour; but he may have had an eye to something beyond,' remarked Cummins, artfully. ' Mr. Rawdon has a daughter, a fact we young men cannot fail to remember.' Mr. Rawdon was startled by this rude thrust, but he kept an outward semblance of calmness as he turned to other topics, and seemed to ignore the hints of his partner. But that evening George called at bia privato house, and as he came into the sitting-room with his quiet manner, and sat down by Laura, whose eyes said more than her simple words of greeting. Mr. Bawdon began to think that matters might be moro serious than he had supposed. That his daughter was interested ho could not fail to see, and as her father, he was bound to know that Bhe made no unworthy choice. He had not for a moment doubted George till the conversation with Cummins, but now he was on his guard. With much adroitness tho father managed to take part in the conversation, turning it in the direction of mining, land grants, squatting, bushranging, &c;, in Australia, but their guest evinced little interest in any of these topics. Mr. Bawdon finally asked him directly of his own exporienco in mining to which he briefly replied, that after the first few months in Aus tralia ho had no experience, and then, it was only such as a new chum ought always to expect. He hardly mado enough to supply tho most pressing necessities of life, and became so ill that he must have died, but for the kindness of another miner, who had got a little fine flour out of whioh he made him some gruel, and with goat's milk, he finally began to recruit. That was the end of his mining. Mr. Rawdon wanted to ask him what business he found then, but George had asked Laura to play a game of chess, in which the two speedily became quite absorbed, so he had to desist till this was over, and thea George rose to leave, saying he had promised his sister to be home at an early hour. Thus many an evening passed. Mr. Rawdon had beoome anxious about Seaton, for it was clear that Laura looked upon him with favour. In tho meantime, Cummins was not idle. He seldom met Seaton in society, for the latter never allowed himself to affeot fashionable life. But on many chanco occa sions he questionod and cross-questioned him of his Australian experience, but without elioifcing any infor mation. At last it began to bo darkly hinted that a miner, known to have had largo Btores of gold-dust, had sud denly disappeared from the neighbourhood whore Soaton was said to have boen located, and all at once his namo was connected with tho incident in some mys terious manner. From suspicion, it carno to accusation, and at length, from hints thrown out by Oummins, YOU LOOK A LITTLE HUMMER. THAN YOU DID AT BENDIGO," I Mr. Rawdon felt compelled to summon the young mai to his presence. ' Mr. Seaton,' said he in his most frigid, buainesi manner, ' I understand that your name has been con nected with a very unhappy affair, and I have sent foi you to give you an opportunity of clearing yourseli from serious imputations, if you can. I refer to youl Australian life.' ' To my Australian life ? I see no oause for referring to that. It is a thing of the past. However obsourc and insignificant I may have been there, I trust to youl good sense and magnanimity to say that I have served you with fidelity [since I oame into your counting room.' ' No one oan deny that ; but the past of a base life cannot always be concealed, even by the most corred conduct. I did hope that you might clear yourself, rather than resort to any subterfuge." ' I do not know that it is a matter of much concern to the world what I in my obsourity did for a few years. Doubtless the struggle waa as hard for me as it has been for many another, and I am not over fond of recurring to it.' ' I have for some time perceived that, young man, and permit me to say that, while I deeply regret the necessity of the step I feel compelled to take, you will excuse me for saying that I am not willing my daughter Bhall be compromised by any further association with such a character.' The blood left the face of George Seaton for an inatant, then his cheeks burnt red. 'A sign of con scious guilt,' thought his inquisitor. For a moment he was silent, then in a husky voice he attempted to reply. 'I had once hoped, Mr. Hawdon, to secure your favour to suoh a degree that I might have asked your permission to address Miss Kawdon on a subject very near my heart ; but I have seen of late that you regarded me with distrust, and without knowing the cause I have felt that it would be useless to approach you till your objections, whatever they might be, should bo overcome. And now it seems that the ghost of my old lifo must rise to destroy my fondest hopes.' ' Mr. Seaton,' said Mr. Kawdon, sternly, * how dared you, with a guilty Beeret in your heart obtrude .your self upon a respectable) and virtuous family.' ' Mr. Hawdon, I did not deem it a guilty secret. It , waa an unfortunate one, perhaps ; yet at the time, I felt that I was quito justified in doing the only thing that seemed to stand between mo and starvation. My friend told me tn do it, and I felt his kindness too deeply to ref uso his suggestion.' ' Thon you had an accomplice,' exclaimed Mr. Haw don. ' You did not commit the orime alone.' ' Orime ? No. I told you I did not commit a crime. As to an accomplice, I do not think that is tho name to give my friend who saved my life, and furnished me with means to secure my future success. It is true I repaid him, but he saved me at a time when I had no other friend to whom I could look. I am sure I have been grateful ever since.' ' You perhaps wish to remind me that our house is under obligation to you. I am Börry to be compelled to Bay that we havo been saved by moans of that money so vilely obtained. If I know how to blot out and fully cancel our relations I should bo glad to do so.' 4 You cannot moro sincorely wish it than I do, I asBurotyou,' replied George, with more sadness than anger. 4 To bo so unfortunate as to incur suspicion and displeasure where one had hoped for the most entire confidence, is one of tho greatest of misfortunes.' ' To be utterly unworthy and hypocritical is more than a misfortune, young man. It is adding crime to crime. However, I know that you have been kind to your Bister, and in consideration of your fidelity to our iuteroats, I will venture to suggest that you will do well to seek some foreign oountry, whore your career will not be known. You will exouse mo if I make this interview final. My cashier will hand you tho full amount due from us,' and with stately form ality he wavod the young man from the room. Georgo Soaton had long felt that there was Borne impending evil, but now when tho cloud burst over his hoad, ho oxperioncod a atrange souse of relief. ' I might havo known,' he soliloquised, 4 that these proud Rawdons would scorn mo, but then Laura waß Kind, very kind ; and lier father would havo been as poor as mino was if I had not tided them over-and Inow what thanks ! If it were not for sister Grace I should almost feel like giving my last dollar to found an orphan asylum, and I would try and earn money ip some way that would not be counted a disgrace. And yet, it's only the notion of the thing. If only Laura would not despise me !' When he reached the modest cottage that he called ' home,' he found everything as bright and oheerful as a loving sister's hand could make it. Grace Seaton delicate in health, but strong in the purposes of her soul, was a woman worthy the noblest and best devotion of a brother's heart. The misfortunes of the family had wrecked her hopes, but they had never made her bitter or selfish ; and sinoe George had given so much for her happiness, she had never been unob servant of his. So, when he came in with the shadow of his great sorrow resting upon him, she was quick to perceive it ; for, to George, this undefined mystery was a decree of separation from Laura Hawdon, and all the cherished visions of a happy future were now base less. Too delicate to express her sympathy till he was ready for it, she began to tell him of the sorrow of a very dear friend, who was compelled to go to the south of France to attend upon a dying child. ' How I wish George, that you and I were going with her,' said she,. ' for, do you remember she is the friend who sheltered me when father was dead and you were ill in Australia. True, you then paid her the money due, but nothing can canel ray gratitude.' ' Well, darling, we will go,' said George. 4 When does she sail?' 1 Only one day after to-morrow. But you do not really mean it ? You cannot go and leave Mr. Bawdon on such short notice. And then there is no time to get ready, ' 'Yes, Gracie. I am not now in Mr. Bawdon's employ. My money is well invested and we can spend a year or two abroad as well as not. It is really what I must desire, so please hurry up tea, and I will go round and tell our friend of our intention.' Gracie obeyed in silence, for she trusted her brother entirely, and knew that whatever the cause might be; ho at last was free from blame. She had never striven to pry into anything that he sought to with hold ; and BO she easily refrained from annoying him with clumsy condolence or awkward suggestions. Yet she more than half gutssed that he had asked for Laura Bawdon, only to be refused, and her pitying nature made her tender of touching such a wound. George put on his brightest smiles for his sister, and talked so cheerfully of the journey that he almost oheated himself, even though he could not impose upon her. After tea he called upon Mrs. West, his sister's friend, to announce their intention of accompanying her to France. While he sat with her unfolding his plans, Miss Bawdon's card was sent up, and before he could excuse himself and retire, the servant had ushered her into the room, and so the two met. George was about to bow stiffly and retire, but somehow ho was arrested by her strange, eager manner. His pulse beat quicker for lihe encounter, but he tried to be very calm and stately. Mrs. West was delighted to see tier friend, who had just learned of the illness of her old schoolmate, and had called to send messages of love and little tokens of regard. And then Mrs. West had to tell her of her unexpected good fortune in the pros peot ot Mr. and Miss Seaton's company. Laura looked up in bewilderment. 4 Not you, Mr. Seaton ? I am sure my father would not consent to that. He thiuks no one could fill' your place.' : Her voioo faltered and he thought her cheeks were a little pole. . Then,' thought George, 4 he has not told her, and she still respects me. Yet he told me I was no longer a fit associate for her.' _ Both ladies looked at George as he sat awkwardly biting his moustache. ' I fear, Miss Hawdon, that you are not fully in your father's confidence, for I am no longer in his employ.' 4 That is certainly a surprise,' said she, suppressing as well as she could the disappointment she would not willingly have betrayed. ' And so you will sail the day after to-morrow. When will you return ?' 41 have no plans as yet. It may be a year, it may be many years before I visit my nativo land. I feel just now as though I nbould not caro how long, if I could but escape from tho paat,' Laura looked up to encounter a gaze that seemed ti upbraid her, and yet was full of yearning tendernesi Mrs. West had crossed the room for a moment, ant George reaohing out his hand said, ' Laura Kawdon ] go out from my native land, with such a ban upon me that; I fear your father will not let you even name m< kindly. And yet, if you could know my secret, I fee sure that you would not condemn me altogether, ever though yon might treat me less as an equal than you have done.' He olasped and held for a moment her unre stating hand. 'Had not your father upbraided nu with my worthlessness, I should have told him. of rm love for his peerless daughter, and my hope that she felt' just a little kindly in return. But before I had time to do this, he poured out upon me such exprès, sions of contempt, and forbade my even seeking youi society, that I resolved at once to accompany our friend on her errand of love. May I dare hope that you will not utterly despise me, and cast me out of you regard.' It is all a dark mystery, but if you tell me on youi honour that you have not teen guilty of anything criminal or dishonourable, I will take your word against the world.' ' I have committed no orime Laura ; I have violated no true code of honour ; but I cannot say that yon would yourself feel satisfied with all my course. But should you ever hear ought against me, please remem. ber that I was a poor forlorn lad in a land of fearful trials and temptations. I did the best I could under the circumstances. Will you believe me, Miss Kaw« don?' ' Yes George, I will believe you.' He stopped and kissed her hand, whispering ' God reward you, Laura ; I shall carry this generous assertion as a charm against all evil machinations.' George left Mrs. West's like a man in a dream, He now felt sure of Laura's love, and to leave her at this crisis seemed like shutting the gates of Paradise on himself, and going out into a wide, desolate world all alone. But with such a secret hanging to him, slapped in his face, pressing behind bis back, and gibing him continually, would it be possible for him ever to bring himself up to such a social status that he could venture into the great world, and hold up his head as aman who had claims upon his fellow men ; nay, as one who had a right to aspire to Laura Kawdon. As he walked slowly along, jostled by the ever streaming crowd he heard some one call out, ' Hallo ! if thiB isn't George Seaton! How fares it, old boy? You look a little trimmer than you did at Bendigo, but you deserved success. You stuck to your biz like a man. Never gambled nor got drunk, and, considering everything, you served us fair, that you did. Never knew you mean or stingy-always give a feller his mugful!.' And the rough miner slapped him on the back. 'Como home with me,'said George. 'You cannot tell how glad I am to see you, for there was a story that you had been put out of the way. It almest took my breath-the first sight of you, for I thought of your ghost. But this solid arm isn't very ghostly, is it ?' and he put his hand in the brawny fellow's arm and marched him off to his residence. As they walked along, George said to his friend, ' For God's sake, Ben, I hope you will keep my secret. Nobody, not even my sister, knows how I made my money, unless some one from Bendigo has 'peached,' and I have never seen anybody that I thought could know ; but I should feel dreadfully cut up if it should get out.' ' Now, George, old fellow, I shall dp just ns you wish ; but it Btrikes me you're a little thin-skinned. If yon had made it at euere or five-up nobody would ha' thought any the worse of you for that; and by thunder if that's BO I think a man needn't be ashamed of honest work. But all the same, my boy ; if you say so, mum'B the word ; but you know great men have had to live by eating, and I don't see as you need to be ashamed of anything you did. By hokey, I was proud on ye, that I were.' George had by this time brought his friend to his own door. ' If you please I Bhall tell my sister that you are the man who took care of me when I was siok, and helped me into business when I got better. She knows so muoh of my affairs ; more than that, please do not hint.' ' All right, my boy. Ben Hickman ain't come from Australia to blow on an old comrade.' George brought his friend in, and introduced him to his sister, whooreoeived him as her brother's preserver. While they were ohatting in the most delightful man ner, a gentleman was announced to see Mr. Seaton George stepped into the hall and met a 'gentleman' belonging to the Detective police, who politely informed him that he was wanted at the Station to answer to a very grave charge-no leas than a charge of murdering a miner known as Ben Hiokman. George called to Ben, and asked him to accompany him on some unexpected business, and the threo went out, leaving Grace in undefined terror. That secret of George's life, which she had never dared to invade-how was it effecting him now ? By a strong effort of her will, she maintained outward com posure ; but her heart was well nigh breaking as she recalled the incidents of, the last few hours-suddenly discharged by his employer, and now called away by an unknown man. It could not be that he was accused of embezzlement. She would try to wait patiently. About an hour after, she heard them returning, and nerved herself to meet the worst. Ben Hickman could not wait for ceremony, but rushed in and threw down his hat, exclaiming, * By golly ; beg your jjardon, bat George here like to ha' been tried for murdorin' and rob bin' me ; and ef it hadn't been for the tarnationest good luck he'd had to be shipped off a prisoner to Mel bourne.' Grace went up to her brother and kissed him cn both cheekB. ' God is good to UB,' ßhe said. Then she shook Ben Hickman by the hand and said, ' You havs been my brother's good angel more than once, it seems. May God reward yon.' They were hardly seated aj»ain when Mr. Rawdon and Laura were announced. The old gentloman had somewhat unbent from bis former stateliness, and Laura's face was nearly hidden by her veil. Mr. Kawdon cleared his throat by a few stately hem», and then remarked that he was glad to be able to come and expresB his delight that his youn? friend, whom he had known for many years, and had always highly respected, should have been table to clear himself of the imputations which had, unfortunately, for a short time rested upon his character ; and he hoped he would forgive him for having, perhaps too hastily, acted upon those suspicions. And now, would he resume his place in his counting-house, and let things go on in the ola way ? His daughter had accompanied him as a sort of hostage for his good faith-that is, to show that he fully recanted eome harsh words that he had uttered. ' Hostages are usually retained,' said George ; ana I should be moBt happy to accept such an one for all time tocóme. But I will not take advantage of your generosity. Before I go further, I will expose tua seoret of my life, and then, if you and your daughter do not deem me too unworthy, I shall have a few woras moro to say, for Mr. Rawdon is, perhaps, aware tn« in two daya we sail for France. ,, ' Will nothing change your plans, Mr. Seaton t saw Mr. Kawdon. , ' They may be modified, but not matorially changea, I think.. But that depends on how my secret w received. Ben Hickman, will you tell these good peo ple how I made my money at Bendigo ?' j «'Well, yes ; I reckon. It wasn't by killing minero f and taking their gold- dust, and it wasn't by playing ; any of your gamea of chance. I don't think George ever played "seven up" in his life. I'll tell you just what it waa. He made his rooney by sticking to it night and day and Belling cakes and coffee to the dig gers. There, the blaok secret is out ! But he allers ,' give ÜB a good mug full ; and if afellar waa cleaned out ¡i he never higgled about his pay. He didn't 'xaotly keep I an hotel ; but I be hanged if ever I got a cup of coffee I that tasted better than them I got in George's Bbanty j at Bendigo ; and I maintain that he came honourably ! by his money V f . The result showed that even the proud Bawdens li thought so, for Laura went with them to France, as the lt wife of the junior partner of the firm of Bawdon and jl Seaton. 