EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH. The opening services of the newly-erected Bethlehem Lutheran Church, Flinders- street, took place on Sunday, June 23. The morning proceedings were entirely in German. The choir rendered efficient assistance throughout the day; Mr. J. C. Hansen ably presiding at the organ, which was manufactured by Mr. Wolff, and is a fine, sweet, full-toned instrument, of good compass and power. Before unfastening the door the Rev. P. J. Oster, of Rosenthal (a hymn having been sung by the choir) addressed the assemblage which was congregated in front from the words, " I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the bouse of the Lord. Our feet stand within Thy gates, 0 Jerusalem."— Psalmscxxii.1,2. Heremarkedthatlast yearthey assembled to lay the foundation, and what they then prayed for was fulfilled, for the church with its lofty spire now stood completed before them. The present was an important occasion for his German fellow-colonists, who were about to enter the building to celebrate divine worship. The edifice by thq blessing of God had been erected -without any accident occurring to those who worked on it. The duty and honour had fallen to his hands of being the one who had to open the door, thereby enabling the congregation to assemble and hold the first divine service within the walls. . Having referred to the principles of the denomination, he opened the doors in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The ministers, followed by the assemblage, then proceeded into the sanctuary, the choir singing until all the people were seated. The Rev. C. F. A. Strempel, of Hahndorf, in an able address referred to the success of their labours, and to the thanks which were due to the Almighty for the \- blessings He had bestowed. Prayer was followed by the congregation singing the hymn commencing, "Sin feste Burg ist unser Gott; Em gute Wehr und Waff en." After service at the communion-table another hymn was sung by the choir. The Rev. Mr. Heidenreich then preached from Revelations xxL 1 to 5. At the beginning of the discourse he spoke of the-success of their labours, and of the liberality shown by both English and German residents in all parts of the province. He also referred at length to the duties of a congregation and the observances of worship. A collection was thai made, which- realized £26 17s. 7d. Praise followed, service at the Communion - table recommenced, and the proceedings closed with further singing. In the afternoon there was a crowded attendance, numbers of English persons being present. The service, which was entirely English, began with the singing of the hymn " Great God Thy watchful care we bless." The Rev. C. G. Teichelmann then read from 2 Chronicles, vi. 12, to the end; and the hymn " The Kingdom of God" having been sung, he preached from 1 Peter, it 4,6. He held that the opening of such an edifiice for public divine worship, the dedication of another house of prayer, could not but be an occasion for joy and pleasure, just as even in' ordinary life .when persons came into the possession of a nice comfortable dwelling, after having lived perhaps for years in a primitive colonial style. Having realized the desire of their hearts it was natural for them to be glad and rejoice. He remembered how at the commencement of the colony they had to content themselves with places for worship built of broad palings and such like materials. The first German sermon was preached in a building of that kind. They should not merely rejoice but be grateful to the Giver of every good and perfect gift, who had granted the desire of His servants, and enabled them with assistance to complete the church thus far; thereby an additional though but an external proof had been given that God and His Christ are still believed in and honoured in South Australia as God and Saviour. He hoped nothing would be preached within the walls but repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ unto remission ef sins and sanctification through the Spirit. Havifig finished this ht»U59 of prayer and dedicated it to God, to what, he asked, were they now to direct attention ? He bad chosen for his text 1 Peter ii. 4 5—"To whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious, ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ." He preferred the marginal reading, . " be ye built up." The answer which the words read gave upon the question he propounded was twofold: First, "that we, as lively or living stones, are now to build ourselves up a spiritual house upon Jesus Christ, the living comer- stone." Secondly, "that, as holy priests, we are now to build or constitute ourselves into a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable unto God by Jesus Christ." He spoke of the figurative character of the text, and said the thing for them to do was that each should daily, continually to the end of life, come to Christ and build upon Him. He then enlarged upon the mode in which that was to be accomplished, and quoted Paul's words, where he spoke of sacrificing all things that he might win Christ and be found in Him. They must also be close to each other, below or upon each other, just as they were fitted by the Divine Master-Bui] der. In illustration he asked them to look at that erection from without, and see how. every stone and each part was fitted and united to others suited to its place and did its duty; how one bore the weight and the burden of the other; how one part contributed to the beauty of others; how all contributed to the perfection of the whole from the foundation to the tower. Looking at the inside from the floor to the ceiling they would see the same. Every single part, every ornament was not only in its proper place but enhanced the beauty of other portions. There was no jarring amongst the different parts, no envying each other's place or special beauty. He might almost say that every atom of which the house was built was vieing with the other to make it a perfect, handsome, and agreeable house for those who came to meet in it. Should not this simile teach them how ready and willing they should be to be built up into one spiritual house by the Divine Master, the Spirit of God. Should not therefore the colour rise to their faces at their conceit and want of charity when parading with party names— one of Paul, another of Apollos, another of Cephas, and yet another of Christ. If they were living stones indeed, living in Christ, and daily coming unto him as the living corner-stone, they would consider it a sacred duly to lay aside party claims, give over maVing proselytes to their own little sects, and strive unitedly to build themselves up into one spiritual honse, into one habitation of God through the one Spirit. If they neglected to do this and only concerned themselves to build their own tabernacles, they might depend upon it that they sever would rear the temple of the living God. If they were living stones indeed they should act in all humility with practical love and forbearance to each other. Then the spiritual house would the sooner grow into a holy temple of the Lord. The second answer given by the text showed that it was a duty and privilege in consequence of every believer having been made and consecrated Jm and through Christ by the Spirit, a holy, a royal priest, to offer up spiritual sacrifices. Every believer bore the character md dignity of a holy and royal priest, whether man or woman, whether bona or free. They needed and could have no medi»t6r between God and themselves but tiieir elder brother, the Great High Priest-Jesus—who for themhad offered an atonin? 'sacrifice. Having referred to the spiritual f^cnfices which God expected from each ^Heyer, he said that when the Christian Ciiurch did not prosper so much &s; was wicked, it was their own fault for not rising the means which God had placed at their disposal They were not so faithful as they should be, or <fid not appropriate the privileges they could claim, as a holy priesthood. They did not consider sufficiently their duty towards God and their co-redeemed fellow-men. Each of them Bhould examine himself to ascertain whether he was really building as a living stone upon Jesus Christ, the chief and living corner-stone, into a spiritual house of God with his fellow-Christians, or whether he was merely concerned about his own party tabernacle. The preacher closed an earnest discourse, spoken in clear language, with the exhortation of the Apostle Paul: — "My beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord; forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in Tain in the Lord," The service dosed with singing. The contributions reached £28 lis. In the evening the audience was large, and the Rev. P. J. Oster preached from Luke xix., 1 to 10\. The collection was £10 14s., making the total pecuniary proceeds £66 2s. 7d. We may here remark that the new church, which was designed by Mr. James Camming, is in the early Gothic style, built of dark rubble stone, with rusticated quoins and dressings of cement. The principal entrance is in the centre of the front, and through a vestibule under the tower, thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total length of the interior is 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling is 30 feet. At the further end is a dais, on which are the altar and pulpit, both of cedar enriched with bronzed metal-work. A gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this on each side of the vestibule is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear there is a hall measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height. The building is lighted by lancet windows at the sides and rose windows over the gallery; the gas-lighting is by "starlights" suspended from the ceiling. The tower, which is of a continental character, rising to a height of 118 feet from the ground, contains a large chamber, in which are to be placed three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon captured from the French during the late war, and presented by Prince Bismarck on behalf of the Emperor. The main building was designed to accommodate between 400 and 500 persons, but it is believed there is room for about 600. Over the pulpit is an arched recess, containing in German ornamental lettering the words, "The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth" (Romans i. 16). In front of the stand on which is placed the vessels used in the observance of the Lord's Smpper is the sentence, embossed on cloth— " Come, for all things are now ready." (Luke siv. 17.) The building has externally a striking appearance, is substantial yet neat, and the materials are evidently excellent. Inside the sanctuary has a light taste- ful look. The acoustics are good, and the ventilation admirable. The gas fittings, which are bright and well arranged, are valued at £50, and have been presented by Mr. H. L. Vosz. A communion service worth £'20 has been given by Mr. Steiner, and some anonymous contributor on Sunday morning got into the church unawares and left a pair of handsome silver-gilt vases. Liberality has been shown, not only by those chiefly interested in this place of worship, but by persons of other creeds and nationalities. Our German fellow-citizens may certainly be now congratulated upon having in the metropolis a building for public worship more in harmony with their numbers, intelligence, enterprise, and means, than the small and inconvenient structures which have hitherto been 