WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1872. A VERY general desire seems to have taken possession of the public mind to discover the name of the horse that will win the race to-morrow, commonly known as the Melbourne Cup. We bring to bear on this matter a thoroughly impartial and unprejudiced mind; we have absolutely no prepossession in favour of one horse more than another; we have never to our knowledge seen one of them, and know no horsey man; and our opinion may therefore be relied on, and our decision accepted with perfect confidence. One of the best general rules to start with in determining the winner is to distrust first the favourite, and after him all those that stand best in the betting market. We would thus specially warn all our friends to avoid Dagworth. We have no ill will to the brute; it may be a horse or a mare for all we know ; it might be in the shafts to-morrow in our morning bus, and we be ignorant of it; but we have a moral conviction that Dagworth will be nowhere in the cup race. After the favourite, the horses that appear to stand best in the estimation of the betting ring are Quack, the Ace, King of the Ring, Irish King, and Pyrrhus. We need hardly point out to the intelligent reader that not one of them has the ghost of a chance. The same principle that disqualifies the favourite holds equally good with what we might call the sub-favourites. Nothing in the shape of a favourite can win. But we would be dishonest if we did not confess that our knowledge of four out of the last-named five horses is considerably inadvance of what we know about Dagworth. Of the Ace we are doubtful, as there is nothing decided in its name, but we can with perfect certainty declare that the remaining four animals, viz : Quack, King of the Ring, Irish King, and Pyrrhus, are horses. Quack may be known by his fanciful resemblance to a celebrated medical practitioner living opposite the Melbourne Club, in Collins street. He has an immense white patch extending over his chest, from his throat to the tops of his legs, which gives one precisely the idea of an exaggerated shirt front, and consequently his owner named him the Quack. The patch will enable those who wish to recognise the horse to do so, and it will be an amusement looking out for it during the intervals in the racing, Of the remaining animals, we set down Bar- belle, Contessa, and Valentine as female. early and Misty Morn, Benjiroo, Shannon, Emblem, Dolphin, Gironde and Novice as neuter; and the remainder as males. horses, and we have devoted a great deal\ thought in working out from them the nanifc mocratic community such as ours we felt This, therefore,' litnittfjmjj iglf^ic^lp eight and cousid£f&bl.e;/ nor the Count could have much chance, and so we took the liberty of a privately scratching them. Hamlet having been formerly Prince of Denmark, and Athelstane an early Saxon King, we also considered ineligible. It's a doubtful question up to the present day, whether or not Hamlet was mad, and Athelstane's nickname in English history is the Unready—two very queer animals vre should imagine for the Melbourne Cup ! Kingfisher also we don't like. It sounds too like tuft hunter, and is in our opinion a very foolish name to give to an Australian horse. Planter is precisely the same as Squatter, and although squatters may be very great on their own runs, it's not at all likely we are going to let them take up a run on the Melbourne race course. We are now reduced to Boatman and Patriarch, and if we considered the matter simply from an alphabetical point of view, we would be bound to go for Boatman. But if we accepted that principle its logical result would be that we should accept the Ace, which, to use the language of the celebrated Euclid, "is absurd." • There is therefore nothing for it but to at once name the winner. We have shown that it is physically impossible for twenty-four horses out of the twenty-live to win, and that the only horse that is not absolutely disqualified from one cause or another is tlie Patriarch. We must confess we are pleased at the prospect. There is something very dear to us in the name of Patriarch. We have more than once advocated in these columns the cause of polygamy, and Patriarchs are the natural outcome of such a system. The owner of. this horse, named him, possibly, in view of the great domestic revolution that we have striven to bring about and looking upon ourselves to some extent as his godfather and godmother, we would feel that we hadn't disch arged our duty to the animal if we didn't name him also as winner. Let him go in and win. Itis a matter of perfect indifference to us what horse comes in second or third, but wc must hoiiestly confess it will be a heavy blow to us if when the winner is declared the name of Patriarch does not stand first.* The origin of sweeps is uncertain. The "earliest notice wc find of them in English history is dancing round a May-pole. The poet laureate makes no allusion to them in his well-known poem of the " May Queen," from which we draw the conclusion that they had all emigrated before his time. Of one fact there can be no doubt: many have come to our side of the world, and several are now in the receipt of £300 a-year as members of the Legislative Assembly. As the Assembly has adjourned for the week', there will probably be a number of sweeps on the race ground to-iiion'o\\\\\ Sweeps in this country are generally got up very differently to those at home. Home sweeps used to be put up chimneys, bat here we must put them in hats, shake them about, and draw them. The home sweeps had a most repulsive get up, black faces and hands, bare feet, and filthy clothes—while those who get up sweeps here generally wear kid gloves and white silk dust coats. A proper-minded lady at home would shrink at the sight of a sweep, while in this benighted country many of the fairest and loveliest that grace the grand-stand take the deepest interest in them. Nothing proves the general favor with which sweeps are regarded by us as a community more than the confiding manner in which we pay away our half-crowns, or five shillings, to perfect strangers, for them. Men to whom the collector of the Melbourne Hospital would unavailingly appeal for sixpence, will nobly respond when asked " to go in for this sweep." They put in their subscription almost as a matter of course, and the sweep is made up, in many instances, of money that would be grudged to the tailor, butcher, or baker. Occasionally a sweep himself gets hold of the cash, and then he bolts. This is generally looked upon as a case of misguided confidences, and some one is left lamenting. It is very touching to bear the lamentations of the misguided one, and painful likewise to hear the bad language of those who were to have had drinks from the winner. It sometimes happens that the man who wins, and doesn't get his stakes, and those who lose, and don't get then- drinks, swear at each other. There is an air of sadness diffused around, and, hats are often broken by it. But on the whole, sweeps are very jolly and innocent, and though they no longer dance around the May-pole in parti-colored clothes, nor drive the white moke with the merry bell, the amusement they give to the frequenters of the Hill (there is but one Hill in all Australia, and Flemington is its name) is great. Let us not, therefore, grudge our half-crowns, but be liberal to the poor sweep. Some fellow-being, if not ourselves, will be a gainer by our giving, and we have always the drinks to fall back upon. 