THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND * HOME MISSION. * -?The annual 'meetings of the above Society 'were commenced en Wednesday, evaaing in the ; HiBdmarsh-square Congregational Church. At a 'quarter-past 7 , .r(r. ,;; ? The Business Meeting^ began. Proceedings were opened by the Chair* - man for the past year, the Kev. C. Manthorpe, who, after a hymn had been sung, led the' assembled congregation in the usual devotional exercises. : , #The Bev. C. Manthorpe then said it became his pleasing duty to retire from the official position he had occupied during the past year, fie was thankful that it had been a position of comparative ease and quiet ; and though he felt he was best fitted to adorn private life, he wa3 glad to have been able in any degree to serve the' Churches as their Chairman. He had now only to retire to make way for the Chairman for the present year, the Rev. F. W. Cox. (Ap plause.) *?....) Upon the motion of the Rev. J. Howie, seconded by the Rev. M. Williams, B.A., a unanimous Vote of thanks was passed to the retiring Chairman for his efficient discharge of the duties of the office during- the year. THE CHAIBMAN'S. ADDRESS. : ..The. Rev. F. W.Cox, who on taking the chair was warmly greeted, then .proceeded to deliver the annual address, of which the follow ing is an abstract:— Brethren and Christian Friends— Called by the suffrages of the Union to fill the chair for the current, year, I address myself to; the first duly devolving upon me — that of giving the inaugural address of this present annual session. In doing so I can not shut out from my view that the delivering of this address on the evening preceding the business meeting is intended to bring together u larger numberof ChristainfriencU than is usually present at the Chairman's address, and that I am in some risk of modifying my plan so as to meet the case of the wider circle of hearers. It behoves us upon suitable occasions to look back upon our past history, to consider well our present standing, and, so far as may be given to us to peer into the gloom of the future, to see the goal towards which we and other Churches may be tending. In doing this we cannot but remember that we as a body have a history in our native land f er which we may heartily thank God. We had our serious faults, but they have been the faults of the age, while some of our leading characteristics have been those arising from our deliberate convictions as to the teachings of God's word. We humbly dare to hope that our influence has been felt in the making of some of the strongest elements of our country's character. In three different directions our body has been nobly represented in our past history. Cromwell, the uncrowned king; Milton, through whose outward darkness the inward fire flashed forth; Howe and Owen, among the mightiest of theologians, prove that neither force of will, nor prophetic fire, nor intellectual might have been wanting to us, and all consecrated to the highest and divinest use. ? Among the various theores of Church life and polity we may take the two most marked as typical— the multitudinous and the selective. The former contemplates all men within certain boundaries who have been subject to certain ordinances as members of the Church, con , templating it as a visible and organized com* munity; while the other regards the Church as a society of faithful men and women, who are drawn together into association by spiritual affinities springing from a common life drawn from Christ Jesus as the source and root, banded together for mutual edification, for the adminis tration or Christ's ordinances, and for greater power and influence on the masses around them. In our case there is. also the completeness of each worshipping society to do all Church work and to regulate itself under law to Christ with out external control, the Bishop being the overseer of a church, and not of a group of churches, except in the case of small societies. This we believe to be the Nsw. Testament idea, and we also believe that, notwithstanding the infirmities that cling to everything human, our .practice has justified our method, and we would not willingly exchange our tried plans for anything in opera tion we may see around us. We are not insen sible to the case that may be plausbily made out for the broad basis of Church fellowship, as when it is said 'We plead with the wickedest men in our parishes, on the very ground of their being Christians, tolead lives conformable to their principles;' but we have not so learned Christ. In our case we require a credible profession of personal faith in Christ, and a walk and conver sation corresponding therewith. We say 'per- sonal faith' as distinguished from the mere general acknowledgment that our Lord lived and died to save men. It is true we may often have used unscriptural methods to obtain this knowledge; that we may have often treated the Church as a fortress to be defended rather than as a feast of rich blessings to which famishing sinners are to be invited. But witk our idea of what the objects of Christian fellowship, are we are constrained to seek Christian fellowship with those who are like-minded, and have some per sonal experience that they are translated out of the kingdom of darkness into that of the Lord. While we thus state our case, we are not insen sible to certain tendencies to which we are liable, imperilling our very foundations. The present quickening of men's thoughts is producing in us, as in others, restlessness, and anxious gazing about for what is next to appear. We see, too, that other forms of religious organization have some advantages which we imagine we have not. It is a trite remark that every form of .Church life is perhaps the embodiment of some leading characteristic in itself good. We also admit that no Church ever existing per fectly embodied the divine idea. Our special principle has been to throw the soul directly upon God; to bring it into communion with the divine through the Word and by the Spirit of the living God. We have always taught that no man can stand between the soul and God in a priestly capacity, and that a» ordinances can supply the lack of the soul's own personal com munion. We have to appearance reversed the common adage, 'No salvation out of the Church,' by placing Christ for the Church, and making the Lord himself not only the door to spiritual life, but the door to the Church itself. He objected to a recent lecture by Mr. Froude, which contained a history of the manifestations of religiousness, for the author had missed the true point to which his subject should have led him, viz., that in all profoundly earnest and simple forms of religious lif e the individual soul is thrown toagreatextentonGodhimselfratherthan upon priesthood or sacraments or organizations, and when this is done that one great fear ' the fear of God,' casts out all other fear, makes men resolute and untiring in doine what they believe God requires, and also enables them to stand alone, so to speak, as nothing else in the world will, and to defy the world if need be. And this is what we have desired to do in our Church life. Now it seems to us as if some of our modern tendencies were in danger of weakening this principle and lowering this idea. One tendency of which we complain is seen in our supposed necessity to large increase of numbers so as to keep pace with all the other forms of religious life around us. Observe, we are not speaking now of the desire to carry the Word of God to destitute neighbour hoods. In this age of publicity the Church, too, seeks to live in the blaze of public life. Numbers are chronicled, results are tabulated,' and we are thus under constant temptation to 'measure ourselves by ourselves, and to compare ourselves among ourselves.' And one effect of this effort is a feeling of jealousy of other bodies who may exhibit lare-er statistical returns than we, which calls for great watchfulness lest there should be a weakening of that fraternal regard we should cherish to Christian societies around us. The next ten dency arises from the former, and is a dissatis faction with our long-cherished principles, and a leaning towards a connexional form of organi zation. We have no Diocesan Episcopacy. Preflbyterianism and Methodism will often do things easily that are hard for us to accomplish, and may often avoid certain evils into which we are Jikely to M* But we take the balance bf good and evil, and w strongly feel that we could not alter our system for another; even on the general ground of expediency, were; we not satisfied Ssitlx the divine authority of our principles. Though while claiming scriptural authority for our principles, we are far from claiming the Bane for the form in which' we mayi present them towards society. We might illus trate this question by reference to. political forms of government. As Englishmen, we have often been loud in oar praise of the autocratic rule of France; yet once more has history demonstrated that the gathering the life to a centre, instead of leaving each local point a centre of life, is in the long run a mistake. . Another tendency arises frcm the develop ment of political power, worldly wealth, ; acd social position in our Churches. The progress of the country in material advance ment has been something unparalleled, and in that advance the bodies of Christians holding Nonconformist forms have been among the largest participators. The result has been the cultivation of ideas before unknown to us. Our meeting-houses became chapels, and then phurches. Our ministers are sometimes called clergymen. Our style of architecture is changed. To a large extent we have dropped the name IndependentfortheweakAmericamsmCongrega tionalist. Our congregational singing in also in danger lest a few highly-cultivated and highly paid voices should be expected to do the singing, while the people content themselves with listen ing^ to street- music. Increasing wealth and social refinement have brought many of our people into contact with classes of society who have regarded Dissent as a positive social stigma, so that seme are drawn away to the other side. Besides this, the possession of wealth has a tendency to lead, even in Christian households, to the adoption of a style of life and of amuse* ments of a worldly and questionable character. Also, the wayinwhich the lawful business of trade and commerce is carried on is often quite undis tinguishable from that of the world around. O that Christian men would learn that they are nowhere commanded to be rich and great, but that they are commanded to be holy, even as their Father in heaven is holy. Another ten* dency, in the wide spread of general religious ness, with an accompanying laxity of view of New Testament requirements, and the almost total neglect of doctrinal study, is the looking upon Christianity as a general code of morals — as a wide-spread purifier of the general life of nations— rather than what it is— a special revelation from God to rescue lost men, as individuals, from the curse and condemnation of sin. That theological study is it a low ebb in some branches of the Church— as shown by Dr. Iittledale in the Con temporary Review, and that it is so in other branches is a matter of personal experience, while the tone of the secular Press shows clearly the tendency I have alluded to, as instanced by the recent articles in the Times on Chinese missions. We cannot affirm too loudly our con viction that the Gospel did not come from God, ratified by the blood of Christ, to improve legis lation, to purify society, or to make the lot of man on earth more tolerable as its primary re sult. Nay, verily, God's method is to act on centres, and then on circumferences, on indi viduals saved by His grace, and through them on those within reach of their influence. The comparison of spiritual work should not be com pared with a Board of Health, but with the physician's work, who comes to dying men with an infallible remedy fresh from the hand bf God. If the Gospel does not this last, I fail to see what its use is, for in nations in which it has proved its power we see many of the direst evils of society yet rampant. War is more frequent than it was in Pagan Borne. Slavery has only lately been ex* tinguished. Pauperism and crime abound, and the depths of social degradation are as profound in London, Glasgow, and New York as they are in many countries where the Gospel is not known. These things are blots upon our Christian escutcheon, but . assuredly they will ? never be curedby ourforgetfulness of the personal and individual nature of Christian work. Weob servein the tone of preaching among Evangelical bodies a tendency towards an indiscriminate application of the law of Christian life to the mass of hearers, as if Christian work were merely regu lative instead of regenerative. The peril is that of mistaking ourselves, and causing others to mis take, a mere external conformity with the ethics of the ten commandments, - combined with going to service twice on Sunday, for the demand made by the Gospel for the heart, the whole hi art, and nothing but the heart of tho children of men. The foregoing are some of the dangerous tendencies; yet let it not be thought for a moment that we are insensible to the evidences of good around, that indi cate a new stage in the Church's develop ment. For example— the growing sentiment of unity and co-operation among the Churches in some directions, notwithstanding the widening of the breaches between them in others. In some directions this desire for union takes the form of ecclesiastical coalition, as we have seen it accomplished amonsr the Presby terians and talked of m Conferences, &c;, among several other bodies. To me it seems that in most cases this is but a dream at present, albeit a dream that indicates the direction of waking thoughts. The inestimable blessing both to the Church and the world of the oneness of life in Christ and the oneness of purpose and aim which the Gospel inculcates cannot be doubted when we read the tender words of the Master in John xv. 12, and xvii. 21\. But the fulfilment of this dearest wish of the Lord's heart seems to be capable of as com plete a fulfilment with a large measure of out ward diversity as with entire amalgamation of all existing Church organizations, if there only be oneness of heart in Christ. Another satisfac tory point, to us at least, is the manner in which some of the principles of Church life which we have always regarded as fundamental have appeared in unlooked-for and unlikely places. High Churchmen sometimes enunciate the independence of the Church from State ccntrol. In the Church of England, too, we have seen a sreater prominence given to the teaching 'ministry, while the disestablish ment of existing State Churches h a question coming to the political surface in most countries, promising to result in the complete severance of this unholy alliance. There is also evidence not only of growing religiousness as seen in the great preponderance in number of distinctly religious publications each year over an} other class of literature,- but also many helps to the better understanding of the Bible than used to be seen. The result of ages of mere textual preaching, and of the use of words of Scripture for any purpose to which they can in their isolated form be applied, is beginning to yield to a more thought ful consideration of the scope and meaning of the writers of the Bible. Through the writings of such men as Alford and Stanley new ideas of the use of Soripture will spring up, and that good day in which a revised text and a truthful division of the books shall supersede the present chapter, and verse system is not far distant. In conclusion, let it be ours to hold to the great verities of scriptural truth firmly, and to trust them implicitly. It has been our fate to bo thought by wordly men impractic able, and so it must ever ba where our principles are clearly seen and firmly grasped. We seem to have been often defeated, but we have always been victorious in our defeats. After every successive failure we have only to restate our case, and to continue to do it with that pertinacious assurance that springs from a living faith. But to this end there must be in our individual hearts a complete submission to Christ as the only Lord and teacher, and an equally clear perception that men can only be saved by the divine means. Add to this, patience in working, praying, and waiting that can only spring from a consciousness of a divine power underlying and rewarding all we do, and we cannot but conquer through Him who hath loved us. ? The Rev. C. Makthorpb moved that the best thanks of the meeting be presented' to the Chairman for his able and interesting address. He had listened to it with, great pleasure, especially to the outspoken reference of the principle of personal faith in it as the basis of their Church life. The Rev. J. Gibson seconded. He was pleased with the orthodoxy of the address, and also with the attentive listening to it, which^feowed that the Gospel of our Father is-still beloved. Carried by acclamation. ??*,?? Upon the motion of the Rev. C. B. Symes, the debate was postponed until the next day. secretary's report, , .... The Rev. E. Griffiths read the Secretary's report ai; follows;-— ';. . m ;; ?? 'MEETINGS. . . 'The monthly meetings of the Committee [during the year now expiring nave been duly held, and the attendance almost without excep tion goodx averaging nearly 17. Once only d»d it rail below 16. The number of meetings held, including two specially called, is 15. To expe dite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub-Committees, whose meet ings have also been well attended. ' ASSISTED CHURCHES. ? ' The first important duty that fell to the new Committee to discharge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecu niary assistance. Out of the estimated income of the Union the following grants were made for the year which closed March 31 :— 'Milantr, £75. This sum was voted in consi deration of the failure of the crops in the dis trict, and because of the recent settlement of Rev. T. Davies as pastor, on the understanding, however, that the sum of £25 should be deducted from the amount of any average grant the Union might make to the Church the next year. After a service of 15 months, having resolved to resign tbe pastorate and return to England, and fear ing the Church might suffer in consequence of the condition which he understood to be at tached to a portion of the above grant, Mr. Davies offered to refund to the Union the said sum of £25; the Committee declined to consider his offer, and decided not to insist onany such con dition. Besides the above grant fromthe ordinary funds of the Mission, the sum of £74 was specially raised, principally by a few members of Com mittee, on behalf of Rev. C. D. Watt, late of Milang, now through age and infirmity retired from the ministry. Mr. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services— Milang, 90; Point Sturt, 45. The amount raised for all purposes— Milang, £107 lite. 10d.; Point Sturt, £25. Early in the year 1871 the 17 communicants were formally constituted a church, to which 19 members were subse quently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vels.; a Bible class with an average attendance of 16; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. ' Happy Valley, £40. Rev. C. Hall reports the financial position of the Church, as com pared with the year before, ? a little better,' and spiritually 'much more encouraging. Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Church mem bers, 39; a 'prosperous' Sabbath-school with 80 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 7£d. ?The Church is far from being aWe at present to maintain its minister, on account of its poverty.' 'Port Victor, Encounter Bay, and Bald Hills, £75. These Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Rev. C. Hodge, who reports that the Church at Port Victor has 'suffered through removals and depression in trade;' that the Church at Encounter Bay is ?about the same;' and that Bald Hills Church has ' declined very much through loss of crops and removals.' The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13, S, 12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 60 and 9, 20 and 3, 39 and 5. Amounts raised during the year-Port Victor. £61 18s. 4£d.; En counter Bay, £18 0s. 6d\; Bald Hills (including £6 9s. from the Sabbath-school), £26 19s. Mr. Hodge adds, ' we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and our needs are much more pressing that they were last year.' ' . 'Kadina, £30. The average attendance on Lord's Day is at Kadina. 125; at Green's Plains, 40 ; Church members, 65 ; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, 'slightly improved in almost every respect' The Committee rejoice to be able to report that this Church has now become self- sustaining. Mr. Hall, Finance Secretary, writes— 'I am requested by the pastor and members of the Kadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to inform you that at the expiration of the present grant they will not require any further aid.' * 'Goolwa, £25. This Church, under the pastorate of Rev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to 60; the members number 20; the Sabbath-school 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighbourhood, 'the number attending public worship is increasing.' ' High- street, Kensington. In addition to the above grants voted early in the financial year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church. Rev. W. Nicholls reports that during the. nine preceding months the sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9 ; and that the congregation has doubled. ?' Assistance at the present time from the funds of the Union is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will ' cheerfully' do so. ' Alma Plains. An application for a grant of £50. for one year has ]ust been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial service, is about to secure a settled pastor. 'Houghton. This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission. Shipley will now probably be again taken up by the Home Mission, Rev. E. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastorate. Mr. McEwin reports an improvement in the attendance, which now averages 25. A weekly Bible class of 'from eight to 10 lads' is held; also a Sabbath-school of 70 scholars and nine teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is ' on the whole much better' than it was last year. ' The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay — the only spot in the - South-East where Independency has established a footing — offered a field of labour that overreached the powers of any one man, and that if the Society could send out a qualified young man to co- operate with the Kev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per- annum towards his support, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. Reasons were adduced to the Committee for believing that the request would meet with the favourable consideration of the Society. No reply has been received beyond a formal acknowledgment of receipt of application, in which, however, the Secretary, Rev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, but that he would bring the matter before the Executive of the Society at their earliest meeting. ' PRECEDENCY. 'The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded to the Governor. It issued in a correspondence between His Excel lency and the Committee, which was published in the daily papers, 25th May. The Committee then proposed to memorialize the Legislature on the subject, but the Rev. F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted with representatives of other denominations, it was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, which finally vanished from the Committee 12th September. .'ministerial training. 'The Committee resolved, June 13th, that it was desirable 'to encourage and assist a few suitable young men, members of our Churches, to prepare themselves for the Christian ministry;' and that to secure this end it was further desir able to obtain if possible the co-operation of other denominations; and that the Baptist and Presbyterian bodies should be invited jointly with this Committee to consider the question. Favourable replies having been received, delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared a few recommendation?, which were accepted by the Baptist Association, the Presbytery, and, at the half-yearly meeting, our own Union. A council composed of six repre sentatives of each of these three bodies was formed, and the result has been made public in the prospectus of ' Union College.' 'ministers' provident fund. 'The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are incapacitated for the active duties of the pastorate, was brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations were then created that some influential member of Committee would prepare and take charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeattddekys and disappoint^ ments it was suggwted the Ministers' Provident Fund' of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis for the consideration of the. question; and, as Rev. J. a McMichael, of Gawler, had till recently resided in Victoria, lie was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly consented. A general discussipn at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Committee, composed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, McMichael, Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present meeting. ' BULE3 OP THE UNION. -' The attention of the Committee was early j called to the desirability of amending the By- ? laws so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more carefully the method of con ducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination of , officers and Committee for election at the annual meetings, &c.; A list of revised By-laws was in course of consideration, when — the in adequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed and : acknowledged— it was withdrawn in favour of a more comprehensive list of rules, in which the most important element of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised rules have for some time been in the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. ' HALF-YEARLY MEETING. ' This was held at Port Adelaide. October 26. The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. ; ; .: 'magazine. 'The position of the South Australian Inde pendent, now under the editorial management of Key. F. W. Cox, is, in a financial aspect, highly satisfactory. But the number of copies issued, about 580, the Committee considers might be easily enlarged, and they venture earnestly to hope that this meeting will promote a much more extensive circulation of the magazine among our congregations. 'statistics. ' The following figures are an abstract of the returns of our Churches, forwarded at the re* quest of the Government:— Year. Sittings. Average attendance. 1869 ...... 8,203 5,052 1872 ... ... 7,941 4,750: Members. Sunday Scholars. 1869 ... ... 1,338. 3,085 1872 ? 1,571 3,103 The above are an approximate estimate only. Some Churches decline to furnish the desired particulars, and among the answers are some obvious errors. 'REVIEW. , ; . -: ? ^ ' The Committee desire to express their gra titude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refuge of our ; Churches; beneath whose eye and resting on whose ever lasting arms this tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and his fountain has been upon a land of com and wine. 'Bless, Lord, his substance, and accept the work of his hand.' ' It gives the Committee great joy to be able to utter their congratulations with Stow Memo rial Church in that it has pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length another and well-accredited pastor. Bev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., arrived in Adelaide ia March, received a hearty welcome, expected hard work, and im mediately plunged into his labours. 'The Committee, on the other hand, sin cerely regret the departure from the province of Rev. T. Davies. and deeply sympathize with the now bereaved Church at Milang, among whom during the past year his ministry— a service of talented faithfulness— presented a pledge so full of hope. May God direct the steps of our brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be occupied by him, and may He send another out, or raise another here, to take his place. 'Bev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria. The Committse rejoice, how ever, in the expectation that he will before long return, and permanently devote his valuable ser vices to the Churches of South Australia. ' It has given much satisfaction to the Com mittee to learn that the Church at Alma Plaims has invited Mr. J. A. Dowie, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, and that Mr. Dowie, whose labours in that district before his departure from the colony have not been unblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing ' the forwardness of bis mind,' and that ' it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thintr,' the Committee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only .that he may give full proof of his ministry, but also that his zeal may ' provoke very many.' . ' The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstances arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden and peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray that to our Churches the coining year may not only be as free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant and abiding mercies. May it be a season in which every one of our Churches, from the least to the'greatest, shall enter into a profounder rest, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia which are 'not of this fold.'' The Rev. J. Jkfferis, LL.B., moved the adoption of the report, which he regarded as a masterly digest of the year's transactions. He .coupled with this motion that the debate on the ' report be postponed until to-morrow. Mr. A. Stow seconded. Carried. EIKANCIAL REPORT. Mr. G. Scrymgour was sorry that his having to read the financial report was inconsequence of the departure from amongst them of Mr. Gore. The balance- sheet showed that, they commenced the year with a balance in hand of £70 0s. 3d.; subscriptions for the year were £272 10s. 7d., making a total income of £342 10s. lOd. The sums expended were— Grants to Churches, £255; other expenses. £50 lls. 7d.— making in all £305 lls. 7d., which left a balance in hand of £36 19s. 3d. Mr. A. Stow moved that the report be adopted and the discussion postponed until to-morrow. Carried. MAGAZINE REPORT. Mr. W. T. Flint stated that the balance* sheet showed them to be* in an exceptional position, for they had a balance to credit of £60 18s. Id. Their monthly sale he estimated at £13, and the cost of printing £10, thus leaving a profit every month of £3. This, after ex perience of two and a half years, was a financial success. The circulation, however, was not so large as could be desired. It had increased in some places, but diminished in others, and he urged the adoption of means for its extension. The Kev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., in moving the adoption of.the report and the postponement of the debate/would point out thatthe diminished circulation arose from manyhaviHg taken extra copies to start the magazine successfully, which they ceased now to take. He thought the idea of getting the co-operation of the Presbyterians was a capital idea, and he hoped it would be brought forward when the Presbyterian deputa tion would be present. Carried. CHAPEL BUILDING SOCIETY'8 REPORT. Mr. C. Smedley, in submitting this report, had pleasure in stating that the increase of funds was £61 Os. 6d. The Churches aided were all in a healthy position, and would repay the amounts owing when they became due. No new bequest had been made during the year, but it was pleasing to know that the Society in its previous years had largely helped impoverished Churche3, and he reasonably hoped that its claims would be re cognised by those who had acquired largely. Last year the assets were £1,536 2s. lOd. This year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., making the balance of £61 0s. 6d. The assets were— Loan3, £1,492 4s. 3d.; interest, £61 7s. 10d.; rent, £4 4a.; Bank, £35 lls. 10d.; and cash in hand, £3 8a. 5d. The securities had been examined, and the accounts audited and found correct. It was gratifying to add that tbe cost of working the Society for 13 years had been under 20s. per year, and that no misunderstanding nor depute had ever occurred. Mr. Jas. Porter moved that the report be adopted and the debate adjourned. Carried. ? . The Bev. E. Griffiths read over the meet ings for the following day; and after singing the dojology the Chairman pronounced the bene* digficn, utf the meeting closed, , . - . 