OUR AMUSEMENTS. school of arts. The Magnet Variety troupe are doing an immense business at this hall, drawing crowded houses every night. Their entertainment is so varied that there is food provided for all palates. Lottie has come out in some new and most extraordinary feats on the trapeze, which far exceed any that have hitherto been attempted in Sydney by lady gymnasts. She is admirably supported by Frank and Victor, and the trio furnish a gymnastic entertainment surpassing the con ception of those who have not seen them. Buckley and Holly are so outrageously comical that the veriest cynic could not fail to be moved to laughter at their absurdities. As for Miss Lizzie Watson — well, Mr. Punch trusts all his readers are cognizant of this lady's talent: praise to her would be gilding refined gold, &c.; Miss Sara and Mr. Clifton have contributed their quota to the amusement, by some excellent new songs, and are steadily gaining in popular favor. Sydney Choral Society. This society announces "Festival" Concerts on the 24th and 25th instant, when the Messiah will be given by a chorus and orchestra of some 250 performers. The Society's efforts will be supplemented on this occasion by the lledfern Choral Society. The rehearsals have proved eminently satisfactory, and there is every reason to believe that the performance of the Messiah will be far superior to any pre vious one in Sydney. The Society is every way deserving of public support as they spare no expense in producing the best music in the best possible manner. This liberality has placed the Society in a somewhat embarrassed pecuniary position, and it is to be hoped the public will unite to relieve them. Their Conductor, Herr Carl Schmitt, has devoted time and talents in their service, which, dis played in Europe, would have brought him name and fame. We Sydney folks should never forget that the services of so accomplished a musician deserve a little more than mere pecuniary recognition. The Society purpose giving another concert in some three months, when, by special request, Mendelssohn's Elijah will be performed. masonic hall. Miss Alice May and Mr. G. B. Allen have leased this establish ment for a short season and purpose opening on Boxing Night. They have secured the services of Miss Florence Howe and Messrs. Farley, Howard Vernon, B. Levison, and other well-known "singists," so that they should be in a position to produce burlesques and operettas in first-rate style. Miss May is a host in herself, and Mr. Punch was really glad to hear that her jolly face and pleasant voice was not to depart from amongst us. Her musical talent is of very high character and her voice is so sympathetic in tone that the ghost of Beethoven himself (or itself) could only listen to it with pleasure. Of Mr. Allen we know less but have heard a great deal, and trust to hear and see more. Mr. Punch understands that the piece de resis tance on the opening night will be a local burlesque on which Mr. Allen and Mr. Grosvenor Bunster have been engaged for some time past. mrs. gourlay's exhibition. Mrs. Gourlay ha3 got everything in order for Christmas fun and amusement. One of the attractions of her Exhibition is, that every thing goes easily. There is no hurry, no excitement ; everything is orderly and well regulated. The singularly life-like wax figures really seem to to have become animated by an idea of approaching Christmas, so realistic do they look ; while the other attractions seem as novel as ever. Mr. Wilson's admirable panorama of the overland route is as popular as ever, and will, doubtless, prove one of the chief sources of delight to our " country cousins, " of whom Mrs. Gourlay may reasonably expect to see " any amount." The cosmo- ramic and stereopticon views are admirable — the New Zealand scenes being especially good. Master John and Miss Minnie Gourlay lend good aid to make the Entertainment delightful to all by their excel lent and characteristic singing. mr. spencer's exhibition. The advent of Christmas is in no direction more marked than in the attendance of the public at the various places of amusement. These will be plentiful enough during the holidays ; but Mr. Punch is assured that none will be better patronised than Mr. Spencer's admirable Exhibition. To the youngsters, especially, the many curious things to be seen within this museum of curious things will be especially attractive ; while older people may not only amuse, but instruct themselves, by a visit. Mr. Spencer has long been known in Sydney, as singularly ingenious in the construction of models of vessels, machinery, and so forth. Within his museum may be learned a lesson in mechanics, that few books could teach ; while the instruction is rendered the more welcome that it is accom panied by some excellent music, vocal and instrumental. There can be little doubt that during the Christmas holidays, Mr. Spencer's Museum will be crowded by delighted sightseers. 