Colonial Extracts. BORDER CUSTOMS DUTIES. - We are authorised to state that, as the result of several communications between our Govern- ment and that of Victoria, on the subject of the Border customs duties, it was pro posed yesterday by the Government of New South Wales that an Act should obtained from the Legislature of each of the three colonies concerned in the question- New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia -making provision for taking an account of the trade and commerce carried on bet- ween these colonies by way of the Murray River, under legal penalties for false infor mation as to the character or value of the good. It was also proposed that the opera tion of the existing Customs Laws should be suspended along the Border, during the period of twelve calendar months, while the account is being taken. It was further pro. posed that the Act obtained for this pur pose, should empower the several Govern. ments to enter into a convention for estab lishing free intercolonial trade and commerce across the boundary. Such convention to be based on the returns obtained during the period of twelve months, under the above named legal sanction; and that the balance found to be due should be paid over to the colony entitled to it, within thirty days 'after the expiration of the period allotted for tak. ing the account.-Empire. GHOSTS !—A fair correspondent sends us the following :—"I am very fond of ghost stories, and the "coeying" of Mr Donohoe to the spirit who so unceremoniously greeted him with the mystic "Hie, Hie," during his lonely drive lately—reminds me of an anecdote, which possibly may interest others nearly as much as it did myself, particularly as I know it to be a fact, and thoroughly well anthenticated. As a rule, myself, I am not a believer in Ghosts, but then I have never been fortunate enough to see one, still it is evident they exist, and that they are a very unmannerly race, and some pains should be taken to cultivate their friendship, and improve their general behaviour, or learn from them their secret grief—but I am di- verging from my narrative :—Some years since two friends of mine (squatters) were returning from their daily occupation to the home station, and on nearing a dry swamp they both exclaimed—Here's a traveller com- ing the wrong road ! The vision they saw represented a man carrying his blankets on his back, but as he turned from the path into the swamp on their approach, they rode after him with the intention of showing him the right direction; on nearing the suppos- sed traveller, one of my friends spoke to him several times, but not receiving any reply, he raised his whip to strike the man—when to the intense horror of both gentlemen, the phantom assumed a cloud-like misty form, and vanished from their view. Many people have since visited the spot, but no clue to the ghost's story has ever yet been discovered.— T.—Hay Standard. FREAK OF NATURE.-A singular, and we should fancy, an almost unparalleled freak of nature, in the shape of an animal with no less than seven heads, nine tails, and eleven legs and covered with wool resembling the hair of a goat, has, we understand, been re cently lambed by one of the ewes on the Yanko run, in this district.-Wagga Waggea Express. MIRACULOUS ESCAPE. - The following extraordinary statement has been communi cated to the Western Post (Mdgee), by an gentleman, who, although he has travelled, is not in the habit of 'throwing the hatchet' and, as far as the circumstantial portions of the story are concerned, they may be relied upon as being correct. Our informant, who is a gentleman well known in the district, residing within less than a dozen miles of Mudgee, says :-Some men are sinking deep shafts for gold on my property, and were absent from their work during the Gulgong races. The child of a neighbour, a girl from ten to twelve years of age, and, as I hear, rather silly, and in the habit of wan dering about the bush, went to one of the shafts, and seeing no one about appears to have taken it into her head to go down it. The rope being on the windlass, and the girl havig started, there is no doubt but that she went down at a railway speed. This happened, I am told, early in the morning before 10 o'clock. At a late hour in the evening a digger traveller passed near the shaft, and was anxious to know whether the reports were true of. the deep sinking, and seeing no one at the place, endeavoured to guess its depth by throwing down a little earth (fortunately not a stone), and atten tively listening at the time.. To his horror he heard a voice from below telling him not to throw the earth down, and on getting assistance in the neighbourhood, the shaft was descended and the girl, brought up from below. She was found to be not materially hurt at a depth of at least 140 feet, and she states that when she went down she re ceived no particular injury. What hurt her most was the spare rope uncoiling and fall ing on her after she reached the bottom, and this was no doubt consequent upon the rapidity given to the windlass by the speed of her descent. I am rather sceptical of the affair, but if she descended as she states I look upon it as a miracle that she was not dashed to atoms. If she descended as she says, truly the Almighty tempered 'the wind to the shorn lamb.' Had the girl been quite in. her senses, no doubt she would have left hold of the rope, and been dashed to atoms. BURNT TO DEATH.-In our last issue we stated that information had reached us con cerning the death of a child at Jacques, oc-. casioned by severe burns. We have since received the particulars of this lamentable affair. On the 31st ultimo, between 6 and 8 o'clock p.m., the child, aged five years, a daughter of James Jobson, went for some lollies, and upon her father going to meet her, his attention was attracted I y the sound of screams, and he immediately went in the direction whence they came, when he saw a boy named Fred Tovey with a child in his arms all in flames. He immediately ran and seized the child and commenced to cut the burnt clothes from it, at the same time burn ing his hands. He discovered that the child was his own, and that she was severely burned about the head and face and neck, and a great portion of the body and arms. A doctor was immediately sent for from Spring Creek, who pionounced the child to be in a dying state. On the following morn ing Dr Morton of Goulburn was sent for, but before his arrival the child was dead. It appears she had taken a small piece of candle with her, and obtained a match from a man she met to light it with, when her clothes caught fire with the above unfortu nate result.-Southern Argus. THE CONDEMNED PRISONERS NICHOLLS AND LESTER-Reading of the death warrant. -The condemned prisoners George Robert Nichols and Alfred Lester have been made acquainted that the date of their execution is fixed for Tuesday the 18th instant. The warrant apprising them of the decisionof the Executive and the day on which their earthly career would be terminated, was received from the Colonial Secretary's office on Tues day, and was read to them in the presence of a gentleman connected with the Sheriff's department, by Mr J. C. Read, the Gover nor of Darlinghurst jail. On the receipt of the dreadful intelligence, both prisoners were calm and composed, and Nicholls ex pressed his sense of the justice of the sen tence. Lester continued in his usual mood penitent and resigned. We understand that both the condemned prisoners are attentive to the earnest ministrations of the Rev. Canon Rich, who is assidious in his endea I yours to bring them to a proper state of mind in view of their approaching death.-- Empire. THE VOLUNTEER SALUTE.-WC (South era Argus) extract from the S. M. Herald the following :-We observe from the Goul burn papers that a dispute has arisen in that city between the captain of the Volunteer company and one of the men of his troop. The officer required a salute from the Volun teer i plain clothes, he himself being in uniform and both being on the parade ground. This the volunteer refused. Cap tain Rossi reported his alleged misconduct to Colonel Richardson. He received a reply. He read a part of it on parade, which, how ever, we understand he was not justified in doing by military rule, which yet forbids an officer to repeat in the presenceof his inferiors a censure addressed to himself. The reply was given by Captain Rossi as follows: "This is the memorandum of the colonel on my letter. 'I am of opinion that the mem ber of your company, who has so. behaved himself, has acted in very bad taste, and ex hibited demeanour Hot at all becoming to a soldier."' The whole of the memorandum was a. follows :-"I think it a pity that Captain Rossi should have placed himself in a position to be refused, as I see no remedy. The volunteer regulation distinctly specifies that both should be in uniform to make a salute compulsary." Captain Rossi may perhaps have thought that he was bound to claim this salute as a part of necessary dis cipline, and no soldier will cencure the en forcing of rules which may be connected with a general system of high importance. A slipshod government in any department of the state is perilous to interests often unseen and unrecognised. But if it is ne cessary that an officer in command should enforce disuipline, he should know in what. it .consists, and should exact nothing as a matter of courtesy which he is not entitled to as a right. It is also assumed, that the uniform of a soldier is that which is saluted whether of an officer or of a private, and , s when that uniform is laid aside, all the mili tary rights which it confers are for the time in abeyance. Officers in general *wouild I i look upon a recognition of themselves, irres- t pective of their dress, as quite surperfluous, if not very often disagreeable and even of- 1 fensive. Those who demand what they have t no power to enforce are subject to endless a mortification and affront, from persons who I consider themselves degraded by any homage 1 they are not compelled to pay. 4 SPIRITUALIsM EXTRAORDINARY. - The a ex-librarian to the Victorian Parliament, a writing in defence of spiritualism to the I Otago Times of the 14th instant says :-As a the evidences in favour of spiritualism, they I are far stronger than any that Dr Copland 1 could adduce in favour of the genuineness I of every word of the New Testament. His I religious belief rests upon the contents of a book 1800 years old; mine rests, not on the inspired and uncorrupted portions of this book only, but on the testimony of spirits with whom I have conversed face to face for , many consecutive months, in the presence I of a dozen .people, and which spirits are educating fourof my children in every branch of liberal instruction, including music, draw-) ing, the Latin language, Greek and Roman history, chemistry and botany, geology and arithmetic; and this, magnetically, and without the utterance to them of a single word, ercept in the correction of new lessons after they have been written by the children These are facts which can be testified to by many witnesses, and of which I shall be pre pared to give Dr Copland ocular demonstra tion if he should ever visit Melbourne. DARING ROBBERY.-On Tuesday after noon, about five o'clock, as Mr Samper, storekeeper, of Herbert-street, and Mr Al lum, accountant in the Bank of New South Wales were returning from the Canadian and Home Rule rush in a buggy, they were bailed up by two men, about two miles from town in the usual style, by presenting a re volver at their heads. Having been ordered out of the buggy they had to turn their pockets inside out, and surrender their con tents. From Mr Samper, £100 in notes and cheques, also a gold watch and chain worth £40. The robbers returned him a cheque for twenty pounds and meershaum pipe. From Mr Allum his watch and chain were taken but returned again. He had a few pounds in cash about him, but managed to secrete it so as to escape the notice of the robbers. The two robbers were young men one being a mere lad. They were both badly mounted. When they stopped the buggy, they ordered Mr Samper to drive it into the bush, about 100 yards off the road. They were very determined in their manner, the youngest apparently required but the word to lodge the contents of his weapon in one of his victims. Though Mr Samper is the loser of a century, he saved three times the amount by his nerve and coolness. Having completed their rifling operation, they directed their victims to the road, and galloped away towards the Home Rule. The police were informed of the robbery within half-an-hour after its occur ring, and we doubt not that usual success will attend them in capturing these disciples of Gilbert and Hall. Busbranging must be crushed at any cost.-Gulgong Guardian. TERRIBLE SUPPERING IN THE -B788. Yesterday morning, the 26th May, the Messrs Hazalet Brothers, in coming down from their station on St George's Creek, came upon a man crawling on the ground and whom they supposed to be drunk. A closer examination proved that the man must have been lost and exposed a consider able time. His story is as follows :-His name is Thomas Carter. He called at Mr Dugan's storekeeper, stating that he was going to Gladstone, on the 25th April; he was found on the 26th of May ; therefore he was lost thirty days. After being direc ted the road to Gladstone, he missed it; crossed Freestone Creek at the bridge-he was pushing on, as he thought, to reach Gladstone; night came on, and and he was compelled to camp in the bush. Un fortunately there being showers that day his matches were wet, and he could not light a fire; his blankets were also wet. That night it came on to rain heavily; the bit of a tent he put up was flooded ; in the morn ing he found himself so effected with rheu matism and benumbed with cold that he was unable to raise himself or to move, except to drag himself along on the ground. He had with him half a loaf of bread which was saturated with water; he ate it in this state as he could not light a fire to dry it. He had also a small quantity of tea, which he used in a few dave. Snee that time his only subsistance has Leen water which he collec ted by fixing some calico under the side of the tent. The second or third day as the sun camne out, he was enabled to dry his matches and blankets, and make a fire but he was still unable to move. As his stock of water became exhausted, he had to drag himself along on his belly and aide to a gully which was below his tent; there he succeedeed in filling' his billy and satisfying his thirst. He succeesded after a great struggle in getting back to his tent quite exhausted. Although a very short distance this occupied him over a half a day. To use his own words : " When I slept I was all right; then father and mother brought me plenty of food; my belly was always filled when I slept;" but when he awoke the pangs of hunger were again on him. When he found his sight was leaving him he was then crawling on a track. He smoked dried weeds, pri icipally brooklime, which' he thinks did him good. I could not understand from him whether he ate weeds or not, but I think he must have. lie told me he counted or marked down twenty-six days, but lost count of some when he was very bad. lie is by birth an Englishman; has been recently in New Zea land pursuing the vocation of a niiner, and is a most intelligent, sensible nian. He in forms me now that he ate nothing in ' the shape of. grass or weeds, but he ismoked dry brookliuie.-Abridged from account of cor respondent to the Gapps Land Mercury. CARL EBEL'S CONFESSION.-The confes- sion of this criminal was made to the Rev, Mr Goesling, the Luthern minister at Gerogery, and translated from the German into the English language by Mr Sommer, to whom we are indebted for a copy of the translation. The following are the particu lars given by the rev. gentleman :-" To give the facts as they are it will be requisite for me to give the whole of the circumstances from the beginning. Soon after Ebel had been accused and removed to prison on the charge of poisoning, I visited hin and earn. estly entreated himnf according to the word of God, to repent and confess his sin ; but he knew very cleverly how to hide his offence and would in no way be persuaded to con fess. However, as I, in my various visits, put the word of Scripture truly before him, the weight of his sin began to press heavi ly upon him; but he was still obstinate. In accordance with his special request I took Ebel's wife with me to see him on the 9th of May; on this occasion Ebel was very much moved and complained that be felt very miserable; instead of confessing, how ever, he endeavoured to put the blame on Hensel, saying that ' Hensel did it himself.' At last, after explaining the wrath of God and describing the Eternal Judgment, his hard heart yielded. Deeply moved he called out, ' yes I will confess-they have brought me to it.' He appeared to be under the be lief that Mr Rothe had stolen his saddle horse. But he was so overwhelmed and broken down in grief that at this time I could get no more out of him. At my next visit he gave me the particulars:-' About nine years ago, being much in the company of an atheist, I became a backslider, and went back from worse to worse, until I got en tangled in the devil's chain. I bought the poison to kill my neighbour's fowls, because they damaged my crop, several days before I committed my heavy sin, the evil thought of revenge to do some harm with this poison - came into my mind; but I did not deter mine then in what way. I had no rest at my work or wherever I went; an evil spirit haunted me about-in obedience to which I carried the poison about in my pocket, and so had it on me when I came into Albury. I had not then settled, however, whether I should use it for Hensel or for Rothe ; but driving along with the wine on my waggon, and being quite mad, I was strongly impressed with the devilish thought to put the poison in the wine. But no sooner was the deed done than my conscience began strongly to accuse me-what have you done? I sat on my seat uneasy, and felt disturbed through my whole systemn-still, I could not desist from delivering the wine. The rest is known.' The delinquent is very sorry for his crime, to which he has confessed with siscerity and truth in the most penitent manner. At his special request, the injured parties visited him in the jail, where he asked them to forgive him, expressing his deep regret for all that is past, and under penitent tears, entreated them not to bear any malice or revenge to his wife and chil dren, as they were entirely innocent in the matter, he himself being alone to blame." Ebel did not wish the above to be published fearing it would be prejudicial to his family. As, however, we are sure that it will have a quite the opposite effect, both with his own countryman and the general public, we have no hesitation in placing it before our readers. Border Post. THE LATE FATAL ACCIDENT IN KENT STREET, SYDNEY.-On Tuesday morning, Henry Samuels, alias Smith, appeared be fore the Water Police Court charged with negligently driving a horse attached to a butcher's cart, whereby the life of one. Mary Molloy was actually endangered and dis charged. It will be remembered that at the inquest recently held on the body of Mary Molloy, who died from the effects of injuries received, a verdict of " accidental death" was returned, but in that verdict the Coro ner did not concur, as the jury informed by him that a clearer case of manslaughter had never been made out. When Samuels left the Court, after being informed that he was discharged for negligent driving, he was tol lowed by a policeman and arrested in the street on warrant, charged with that be did on the 27th of May feloniously kill and slay one Mary Molloy. Prisoner was at once brought before Mesars, Gould and Renwick to answer the charge of manslaughter. The evidence given at'the inquest was repeated, and as the case proceeded the prisoner, who Iis a very respectable-looking young man of iabout twenty-five years of age, and who has evidently, from hi. worn and haggard ap pearance, been fretting very much, gave signs of fainting. He was at once supplied with a drink of water, which appeared to revive him a little, but subsequently he went rinto a violent fit, and had to be held down by four policeman, Dr Fyffe, who was pre sent to give evidence in the ease, rushed to the relief of the prisoner, into whose mouth be had to put a book to prevent him hiting his tongue. The wife of the prisoner, who was only married a few weeks, was present in the Court, aind appeared to feel kcenly the ,unfortunate position in which her busband was placed.. After Samuela had recovered from the fit she was allowed to sit beside him bduring the remainder of the examination. When the case was closed, Mr Goold inti mated that this charge of manslaughter had not been made out in his opinion, and there fore the priconer ought to be discharged. Mr Renwick, however, thought otherwisee, and committed Samuel. to take his trial at the Court of Quarter now sitting. Mr .Goold declined to sign the committal paper. SMr Robert Forster appeared on behalfo Sthe accused.-Herald. 