i : i IBA.YES ' FROM THE " DIARY OP A JOURNALIST. , ' No. xxvii. Hoslt-Iries of tho Period — 71)0 old . Union Uotol — Some ol its h&bilue;— Hurry tho ijaimin— An extra ordinary cinrastor— l.ud rtg Bockcr. In tbe course of theso " Loaves " I have mentioned various lioitelries known moro or less particularly to tbo " gentlemen of tho Press ;" and as about this time thoy came very much "in my way," I may as well allude to them a little more in detail. . The reader must not conceive too much by tho expression " coming in my way," a/ though I had pleaded guilty to a general charge of dissipation. These plnceo, at least those to which I shall specially refer, wero quite as much houses of call for the mutual confer ence of reporters, and the collection of news, as fov the purposes of refreshment. The Union Hotel, iu Bor.rke street, was, as I said some time back, built by Mr. Hodges, a Kcutish gentleman of property, in tho very heart of tho " digging times." It nudorwent several fluctuations of fortune, hut at length fell into the haml3 of tho elder Mr. Jenkins, a most worthy and respectable uian, who contrived, by good management ond personal popularity, to render it for several years, while the ghost of the old times remained, ono of the most attractive hotels in the town. The cuisine and attendance wero good, and the prices not unreasonable ; a decent seppor could bo obtained lato into the night, and ovory effort was mado to oblige the -cus tomers. Among tho regular patrons ai the hotel wero Ludwig Bookor, several private -gentlemen, and some of the officers of tho police. Amongst these a small circle was -formed by degrees, which for tho times was -select, and whioh affjrded regular and agree- -able social relaxation after the theatres, and not seldom into the smaller hours of the morning. One of our occasional visitors, and always a favorite one, at a tittle later date, was Dr. Evaas, the Editor of tho Herald, aud the "author of a thousand leaders/' He was a most pleasant com panion at tho suppor-table— iioing a snholav. full of varied information, and of cultivated conversational powers, It was in the coffee room of tho Union that I first encountered, aftor a lapse of loug years from our school fellowship, Butler Colo Aspinall. I was having some supper one evening, whon in enmo a gentleman with so thoroughly genial a countenance that he at once at tracted notice. Thore could be no mistaking him, especially if you enuqhe sight of his profile, whieb was remarkable for I ho marked projection of tho upper lip beyond the lower. You may notice aJJmilar trait in tho » franc pieces of tho first Napoleon. But the size and development of the lower jaw, aud of the head generally, nrevented any impression of feebleness from being conveyed. Feeling certain as to who the gentlenun was, who was calling for brandy and soda, I wont up to him, and a quick reoognition followed, certainly should not have foreseen the man in tho boy, for at school Aspinall was au ex ceedingly quiet fellow, by no means indus trious, with a largo, square head, a pro truding brow, nnd, if ho had any humor, it was passive and undeveloped. Perhaps thore might have been detected a tingo of drollery in tho expression, but there was nothing active. I alluded, Iff course, to our school days. "Yos," said Aspinall, ".I havo a very vivid rooollectionof thevenerableand reiipeotablo establishment in whioh I received the elements of a sound moral and religious education." Tho oiw rotunda stylo and unctuous enunciation with which this sentence was delivered will suggest themselves to all who know Aspinall. Half his humor was in his voice. It was not so muah what he said, as hia manner of saying it. Ludwig Becker was vory fond of Aspinall's aooiety, aud ho happened to join us that oveuing, bo wo had somo pleasaut chat, and Aspinall kept 113 alivo till long past midnight. Another member of our set at the time suggests recollections moro saddened ovou than wbioh those sur rounded poor Aspinall. I allude to Herbert II , onoe gold-commissioner nnd a polico magistrate. The son of a Britbli general, of one of tho older Kentish familios M - inherited a small patrimony. I sup pose it was his ruin, as it has been often enough in other cases. Generous aud prodi gal, _ and driven by strong social ten dencies, he anon .rau through ail his mctioy, and most of hig friends, hut not all. There were a few, phirtly We old hrotbor-tiffioorf , who nUick to him (to the 15s. » though he. must often have -Aried -thorn ' sorely. His story booume u' bldnlf/with a few gleams of very ' transitory -simshiiio, _ until he was lost' sight of. " The last time I saw. him was in the garb of a shepherd, ; apparently hblf demented, walking down . Bourke street. As ho passed me, he gave me a wild leer and a mock salute, and drew hiB rug around him — ho wore one — with the air of a _ gipsy king. . He had long become ontirely reckl- es, and would sometimes stop you in tho etrcot, and boast of tho fnn nt meeting with those who wore formerly bis nescciato", bat who had naturally become, except perhaps in the very few golden oce os as aforesaid, a litt e shy of him. As I call to mind the dayB of his zenith at the old Union hotel, and the life bo oommnni- osted to onr society, the bitter' and often awful contrasts ono moots with in this oountry are, brought painfully home. M was 0110 of tho most independent -minded men I ever knew, aud possessed of strong natural talents. Every instinct was thnt of a rhnn of good breeding, withou : — and lot us ohalk this up — one particle of the snob. Ho delighted in Chaffing Becker, nnd Becker never took offence but seemed rather to enjoy it. M bed a keen eyo for tbo ridiculous, and was about as sharp as anyone nood be at smokiDg a snob. If ho found ono, ho was not long in lotting him know it. Ono of tho most popular of tho circle at tbo Union was C. H, Nioolson, now Super intendent of Pnlioe. In tbo courao of hia duties ho would I.ftun look in. or we re porters would " sliok him up," as, owing to his position in the detective police, we often wanted in'oimation from him. Mr. Nicolsou'a groat virtue was a rare one — he was invariably the same. I think if there was a man in Mel bourne in whom the reporters believed, and they are not.bad judges, it was Niool-' son. . His manner t>f discharging all branches of his duty was so agreeably oven and pleasant tbat he plaoed you at onoe -on good terms: with him. - Bnt with all his steadiness and gravity, there was an undercurrent of' geniality, nnd even a touch of humor, Which it was amusing to eoe oarefully restrained within the proprieties of his official position; He iiften smiled, and oeoasiona'ly laughed outright, at M aud Becker having a quiet " spar," but if I may coin an idea, he laughed in nis own hearing, and always seemed as though ho wore r <ady, at a momeut'sfnotice, to report upon the subject of his own mer riment, as he might have upon that of a third party. Of >\\!r. NicolsoD'n official career I need hardly speak, as I believe he is universally liked and respected. Yon sometimos meet with men who, yon remaining the same, know you per fectly to-day, and imperfectly to morrow; who become spoilt by circumstance), and from being simply useful, becohae obtrusive ; whose, virtues, what thoy have, expand, under the atmosphere of an injudicious flat tery, with a perfectly tropical luxuriance, and who, finally, mount, metaphorically, on horsnhaekj aud get very amusing indeed. Habitues of the old Uuiou will l-ecalloct Harry,' tho barman, famous for cocktails, and every description of Yankee drinks. If thoy do, thoy will recollect as handsome a fellow as probably (over filled tbo situation of barman, nirry always put me in mind of Dou Juan. He was smart, and a little fast. He., was fond of inventing new " drinks," and about tho time of the ending of the Crimean war, had one which ha was particularly proud of. I entirely forget. its composition, but ho asked me if I could give him n name for it? I at once suggested the "Nightiu- galo," though probably Miss Florence would not havo .been ambitions of tho compliment. It was popular for somo time, but we had ice in those days — Wenham Lake ice. It was ouo day wbrlo Harry waB manufacturing a) " Nightingale" that I made tho acquaint ance of a moat extraordinary character, whom L shall call Carriifox. I tbiok Harry intro duced us, as both " gontlcmon of the Press." My new friend was a slight, spare, elderly, man, about tho middle height, rather olive, in complexion, with rostlo3s, dark brown, or black, beady eyes, anrl as upright as a dart He wore a frock coat, and a white-covered military cap, and had altogether a military air. I found, indeed, that ho laid claim to a military title. His method of fraternisation was peculiar. Claiming Hie privilege of bro therhood, he became intensely fan.iiiar with you at once, and assumed a style of address which wr.s mo J. affectionate, speaking to you iu the French manner, as "my dear/'nlinoat at every sentence. Tho discussion of " drinks" at your expense followed without unnecessary loss of time, and your ijimsi- military friend found occasion, in a succession of rapid parenthesis, to inform you that he was correspondent of the North Pole Climber, or some equally distinguished American p iper ; that he had beon iu every quarter of the world, and know something about every inatt, woman, and child in it — all which in formation was at any momont. fraternally, at your Rerviee. Getting a littlo nearer to year gentleman, you found that ho had made no vain boast of his acquirements ; that, har- ringtheclaskks (with tho exception of r.sprink- ling of Latin), bo knew neatly every modern tongue; and, whit was more curious still, knew the out-of-the-way dialeots and patois of mast countries. French, especially, he spoke with a perfect accent, atul aconraoy. Wither many days you found thai, your friend had a multitude of other friends, whom he was anxious, always on fraternal grounds, to ruako yours also. Your sphere of acquaintance became suddenly en larged, nnd wbatevor good qualities you bad, or whatever position or influence yon cu- joyn'l, wore sure -not to suffer by his account of them. You yourself were spoken of as. one of tho cleverest men, or greatest actors, or best officers, ns the case might be, ever known); and if your father or brother hap pened to be an officer in tbe army or navy, lie 'became suddenly promoted, if a lieute nant, to tho rank of oaptain, or, if a major, to that of colonel, in the same marvellous and unaccountable manner. Whether your new friend were a Scotohracn, ail English man, a Frenchman, or a Pole was a problem you would bo long unable to receive, bur, perhaps, in tho cud, you would bo tolerably settled in the opinion that he hailed from north of the Tweed, But yon would by no means have taken your outlr to it. ITis speech was rapid, a little iortistinot, often husky, snatchy, and guttural. Most of the sentences wore torsos, and the individual words wero often olioped, or deliberately mispronounced, as if frsm from sheer elfish caprioe, or spite- fulness. His views of tire world aud of mankind wore of tho same singular character, but strongly inclining to tbe habitually cynieal. Jones was a' fine fellow to-day. but if, before to-morrow's dawn, Jones lrappenod to have offended, he because, as Bertram says iu " Ail's Well that eadB Well," "a oaf" ts Carnifex, His bitterest expression of hatred was couched - in the words " savago brntc." If ho called any man a "savage lirnte" you knew at onoe that there was gall and wormwood be tween them. But it would be simply im possible to exhaust tho character of C.arnifex 111 any giio desoriplicn. He will bo found a promiueut member of our dramatis persona' for many a (lay, and so you may gradually obtain s.uno conception ot one of the moat singular men havo ever met with. He had his good points, nnd strongly marked too, and of theso I shall not be forgetful at the proper time. Ludwig Becker must be loaked upon as one of the institutions of the old Union Hotel. His artistic powers are not unknown to most of us who had lived in the colony previous to 1S61, but his personal traits are probably less known. Ho had a great dread of fire, and always kept- a ropo-ladder in his bedroom, ready for immediate use. His walls were covered with very clever sketches, in most of whioh a tendency to satire and caricature might lx) dotcctcd. lie was full of resources anil ideas on most of .the puttier urcils of life— a man'of nol ions aud roeipos. On the top of his bed, in summer lime, ho would place a large sheet of paper, sil.uratedjwitli vinegar am) sugar, aud so, he said, ho delivered himself IIVCl) tho U>0 qnitoes. Ills tt'/te-braokjirat al- ways full of odds and ends of grotesque -aketobes -nd' -«aric»-iirM;-'-end — be— would occasionally Btrihe.pnt the cliaraotor of a publio.man in a-fow- lines, giving it tho . air: of some, fish, reptile, .or ;other. animal;; ; At one timo he incurred a good deal of good- tempered ridicule- by: his1 reports of extra ordinary fi .hen or othor objeots caught in the Bay, or in rambles about the town, Booker was t a. toncby, sareaalia, rather impractic able, and not, I. think,., a very industrious man Henoe, be never did much for himself, but of his natural ability there could be no question, M — — — was the man who nsert to rally him tho most, and whom I10 seotned least able or disposed to grapple with. His last experiences in this world were in oonnection with the memorable Burke and Wills Expedition, to which he was appointed in an artistic and scientific capacity. Ho diod at Menindie, utterly broken-down. 