' NATO RALHISTORF' OR STUDIES j FOR THE FARM A New South Wales contemporary, the Macleay Herald, is publishing in sections | 'A guide to the farm,' from which j young agriculturists, who Have not time or opportunity to study natural history might take lessons. The following is a speoimen of the articles : — The Sheep. — Like the horse, the sheep has four legB, two in front and two behind. The sheep give us wool, or rather we take it Tn t.ViA cliAon no oru nlcn indl-htpd for ? ? r '' ? ? ? ? — mutton-chops, sheep's eyes, and other | delicacies of a similar nature. Tbe most important operation in connection with sheep is shearing them. The best way to do this is to get somebody else to do it, and give bino tbe wool for his trouble. The Pig.— There is a subtle charm aibout this animal that has caused it to be the theme of the poets, in all ages and all climes, since Nnma Pompilius first chewed tobacco. Tbe poet laureate of Amerioa is said to have netted . upwards of 50.000 dollars by his grand Epic ' tbe whole hog or none,' while the author of ' the little pig under the gate' realised a handsome independence by that touching story of porcine life. Pigs are sometimes shorn, but their wool doeB not command a very high price in the market. Tbe Ghost of Hamlet's father speaks of the pig of tbe period when he says — Make each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon a fretful porker's spine. The Horse. — Unlike the bull and tbe cow, the horse has no horns. TbiB is through do fault of his own. It has, how ever, like most other animals, an inside and outside, the latter being situated at a distance of about a foot from the former. Most of the horse's hair is worn at the bacx of its head. The most famous horses in history are — That upon which the lady Godiva rode attire dsimply in 'rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, as far as Banbury Cross, *' though from what start ing-point is not recorded. The horse ohestnut or chestnut horse we read about in recitation books, and over which it is so hard to smile, the Rockin' Horse of the Praries, Tbe. Towel Horse ©f King Lares and Queen PenateB. The old Hoss of Yankeedom.. There is a proverb ' ne'er to look a gift horse in the mouth,' to which we may add the injunction — ' never jump down his. throat.' Young, horses are called colts and so are certain revolvers, and this confuses matters. The cheapest way to procure a horse iB to steal one and lead him to your bumble home. If you have no halter make known the fact to the nearest magistrate, and he will put you in tbe way of getting one shortly after. 