THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN'S TOUR. (CONTINUED.) ON Saturday morning, the 24th February, Trinity Church, Kamaruka [Kameruka], was consecrated, together with the contiguos burial ground—the land being the gift of F. Tooth, Esqr. The collection for the Church Society was £4 9s. Immediately after service, the Bishop, Mrs. Thomas, Rev. A. D. Faunce, and party, left Mr. Wren's hospitable mansion, and drove to Kanoona (Mr. J. T. Stiles's), for lunch; and after crossing the river and calling at Mr. Haselingdon's, drove through Bega to the parsonage, which they reached at 7 p.m. A considerable cavalcade escorted the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas into Bega. On Sunday, the 25th, the Bishop preached morn ing and evening in the wooden church, Bega, to large congregations; and in the afternoon held a confirmation service. The collections for the day wero £12 18s. 10d. On Monday the day was occupied in visiting the people. On Tuesday, thbo 27th, a special service was held in the woodeon Church of Thanksgiving for the recovery of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales; and the Bishop preached on the duty of offering supplications, prayers, and of giving thanks for kings and all that are in authority, and on the subjection due from citizens unto the higher powers. It was an interesting service and calculated to be nseful. The Bishop had not received any intimation from the government that the 27th had been set apart for the special service, nor any intelligence on the subject until he roached Boga on the evening of the 24Lth. The official letter from the colonial secre tary did not reach the Bishop until the 2nd of IMarch at Ioruya. It is much to be regretted that, as on previous occasions, it was impossible for the Bishop to communicate with the clergy, and to proe pare the necessary forms of service. And it is to hbe hoped that the government will on future occasions grant alonger interval, and thus allow time for the Bishop to issue the proper documentas to the clergy. There is a continual habit of making sudden ar rangemonts for Sydney, which are altogether inap plicable to the remote country districts. In the afternoon the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas, with Mr. and Mrs. Faunce, drove to Mr. R. Ritchie's, where they where hospitably entertained. In the evening, after the ten-mile drive, the Bishop pro sided at a public meeting in the school of arts, when £36 were obtained for a debt on some of the church buildings. It is an subject of great regret that the members of the church in Bega are still content with a very unsightly and inconvenient wooden structure for divine worship, and the Bishop made strong remarks on the subject, which it is hoped will produce the desired result. The visitation in the eclessiastical district of the Rev. A. D. Faunce occupied about twelve days; and the collections for the Church Society were £27 2s. 1d. It was grati lying to observe that the clergyman was well re ceived by the people in all parts of tboh district, though his own labors had been chiefly confined to Bega, and more immediate neighbourhood. Pam bula, Eden, Towamba, Rocky Hall, Wyndham, and Merimbula had been well looked after by the zealous and pious catechist, Mr. Walter White. On Wednoesday, 28th of February, the Bishop and MIrs. Thomas were escorted on the way towards MIoruya by a number of ladies and gentlemen on horsolack. Messrs. Faunce and R. Ritchie accom panied them to Cobargo, where they were met by the Rev. J. G. Love (whoso parish commences here and extends to the Clyde River) and Messrs. Allen, &c.; Midway they were hospitably entertained at Brogo by Mr. McGregor. At 7.30 p.m. the Bishop preached in Cobargo (Messre. Love and Faunce taking part in the service), and in a subsequent meeting urged the propriety of contributing aid to the parsonage building fund in Moruya. The sum of £1 13s. was collected for the Church Society, and £12 15s. for theb parsonage fund; and a settler gave an eligible piece of land, as a site for a church. Cobargo is a very recent settlement. There was not a single resident on the Bishop's last visitation tour. On Thursday, the 29th February, the party started early for a long journey, and one of the most difficult in the diocese. They breakfasted at Mr. G. Salway's, on Dignam's Creek—a recent settler, near the spot where the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas were obliged to camp out after a perilous journey more than three years ago. After travelling for some hours over a mountainous district, abounding with dangerous- sidolings, they roachod Roedy Creek at 3.30; andhaving rested awhile and.:obtained a relay of horses from Meossrs. MIansu and Murphy, they re sumed their journey over the most difficult portion of the district, and reached EurobodalIa at seven p.m. The Rev. J. G. Love read prayers at eight o'olock, and the Bishop preached, receiving 14s. 6d. for the Church Sooiety and £5 10s. for the Moraya parsonage. On Friday, 1st March, the Bishop, Mrs. Thomas, and the Rev. J. G., Love continued their journey to Comerang, where they were most kindly received by T. S. Mort, Esq., who had met them on the road and escorted them to his pleasant residence. A beautiful arch had been erected over the gate near the house; and the word "welcome" in large letters had been artistically formed in a beautiful manner, with a mitre above it. In the afternoon at three p.m. a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the im mediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The Bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of haptism to two adults, a brother and osistor, in the Tuross River. For some years the sub ject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the Bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptize them by im mersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the "pub lic baptism of such as are of riper years" was read by Mr. Love and tbhe Bishop. They then both entered the river to a suflicient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the Bishop pronounced the words "I baptize thee in the name of the Father, and of the S0n, and of the Holy Ghost," they com pletely immersed him in the water. Having raised him and "received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side and firmly hold ing the adult by the hand, they dipped the cate abhumon entirely in the water in accordaneo with the alternative in the rubrio of the service for adult baptism-" andthoc shall dip him in the water, or, &64?' It was a ecene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to sos the Bishop walking steadily into deep' water, and being himself oonsiderably im morsod. The novelty and solemnity of the oocur repncp loft a deep impression, and the baptized persons were much affected; In theb evening divine service was hold in Comorang. The lessons were road by Mr. Mort's two sons, and the Bishop preached in connekion with theothiniksgiving for the recovery of the Prince of Wales. The sum of £4 13s. was ob tained for the Church Society, and £18 for the Moruya parsonage. The forepart of the carriage was thoroughly repaired at Comerang. Oa Saturdcay, March 2, the isabop drdo nine miles to KIyla and hold service in the slab church. The settlers' attended in considerable numbers. 13s. 6d. were collected for the Church Society and £1 15. for the parsonage fund. At eight o'clock he arrived at Mr. Cassell's residence, Mynora, near Moruya. On Saturday, the 3rd of March, the Bishop preached twice in Moruya wooden church, and in the after noon in the Kiora slab church, collecting £3 13s. 8d. for theo':Church Society. On Monday there was a largo(llttendace at the confirmation in Morya. IUm-. mediately afterwards thoe Bishop oflicially inspected all the church property with the minister and wardens and'committee. In the afternoon a tea meeting nollowed and a public meeting, when £410 were realiskd in subscriptions for the new parsonage, in response to the offer of the Bishop to give £10, in addition to his promised £50 if £5i more were ob tainced in fresh contributione to that dbject. Tuesday was occupied with committees aud the visitation of the people after a visit to Dr. Boot's hospitable resi dence. The parsonage house is well constructed of granite and will soon be roofed. On W?ednesday, after having the carriage break strongly repaired, theb Bishop, Mrs. Thomas, Roa. J. G. Love, and Mr. Caswell started at 7.46 a.m. for Araluon by a now nod very steop mountain road. They rested at mid day for luncoh in the bush. While they were on the ove of resumiog their journey, horso?nn arrived from Araluon on route for Moruyn. Two of thom had boon anxious to be confirmod at MIoruya on the preceding MIonday; but had been imporatively called away on officisl duty. When a suggestion was made that, under the canopy of a largo spreading tree, a congregation might be formot, the Bishop at once consented; and after addressing a few words to the confirmoos ad mitted them to communion in the church by the rite ofconfirmanlion. All seomed to feeltho solemnityof the occasion; and to be gratified by the opportunity thus afforded to two persons of mature ago, who otherwise mighthavobeenleft nuconfirmed for years. Thojour noyofthirty-sixmilesinthedaywas then resunmed, and Araluon reoached beforo sunset. A very large caval cade henadoed by the Roev. R. Earl escorted the Bishop into the Valley. At 7.30 p.m. the Bishop having hud'a very short time for rest hold a confirmation service in the wooden church, Mr. Earl reading the service and Mr. Love the lessons; a publio mooting was hold immediately afterwards. At the request of tho meeting the Bishop agreed to spend the next day in Araluon and to hold another publio meeooting in con noeion with the stipend of the clergymen. On Thursday morning he accordingly made official in quiries into the subject of the church property, and in the ovening presided over a publio mooting; which resulted in a promios of support to r1r. Earl. A second time the Bishop and hMIrs. Thomas did not reach their host's home until midnight. On Friday the Bishop, Mrs. Thomas, Mr. Love, and Mr. Burno, the police-magistrate, ascended the mountain road to Beollevue and Durham Hall; and in the afternoon proceeded to Major's Creek, where divine service was conducted in the unfinishod church. The sum of £6 9s. was collected afore the Bishop's sermon for the Church Society, and further subscriptions obtained for the stipend fund. The now building is very creditable to the district, being well placed and well designed and constructed. The sum of £200 is still needed to remove the debt. In the evening Messrs. Hassall, Love, R. Hassall junr., and the Bishop rode back in the dark to Durham Hall. On Saturday Mr. Love returned to his dis trict; and the Bishop drove in the afternoon to Braidwood parsonage, being led thither by a con siderable escort. Mr. Maddrell afterwards conducted the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas to his hospitable man sion at Bellevale. On Sunday, the 10th of March, the Bishop preached twice in St. Andrew's Church, Braidwood, and in the afternoon drove twenty miles between the services to Major's Creek, when he again preached to a full church, and collected £7 for the building fund, and obtained further subscriptions to the stipend. He dined at Exeter Farm on the way. The collec tions for the Church Society at Braidwood were £8 5s. 4d. On Monday forty persons were confirmed in St. Andrew's Church; and the afternoon was occupied with official business. In the evening the Bishop returned to Bellevale. On Tuesday, after solomnis ing a wedding in St. Andrew's, the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas drove to Arnprior, where they were most kindly received by Mr. Ryrie._______ PRESENTATION TO THE REV. S . F. MACKENZIE, M.A., OF ST. ANDREW'S, GOULBURN.—The Rev. Mr. Mackenzie has been suffering from ill-health for some time; and having decided, with the advice of his medical advisors, to take a sea voyage to some of the adjacent colonies for the purpose of recruiting his strength, the church committee, on Saturday evoningon behalf of a number of his parishioners, presented him with twenty-five sovereigns to defray his travelling expenses. On Sabbath last he preached a very impressive sermon from Psalm cxxii toalargo congregation, and delivered the ordination charge to the newly-elected olders of St. Andrew's. 11r. Mackenzio left Goulburn for Sydney on Monday, and the prayer of his people is that he may soon be restored to perfect health. PRIMITIVE METHODISTS.—The Primitive Methodist anniversary was colobrated yesterday by a tea-moot ing and public meeting, both of which were fairly] attended. Appropriate addresses were delivered 'at the public mooting by several speakers. A full re port will appear in the next issue of this journal. SIMONSEN'S OPERA COMPANY.—Mr. Simonsen's English opera company, numbering thirty per formers, inclusive of the orchestra, are announced to appear at the mechanics' institute here on the evening of Good Friday, and to continue their performances for seven nights. The company is said to contain the best talent in the colony, so that- i treat;may beh anticipated by those who -avail.thetiioltoe of the opportunity.- of'heanring thei donipany. Madame Fanny Simonsen, already favourably known in Goulburn, is the prima donna. COLLECTOR.—CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—The Bishop of Goulburn will preach in the church at Collector on Sunday next, morning and afternoon. MARKET SALES.—One of our local auctioneers, Mr. Stamford, has commenced to hold weekly sales of all desoriptions of market produce on pvory Friday. There can be no doubt that this is a stop in the right direction, and that settlers as well.i as town pur chaosers will receive considerable bonefit thereby. Should the project be well supported, it will produce all the bonofilts of a regular market without putting the municipality to the expense of buildings and officers. The first salo was held on Friday last, and we understand was quite successful. THE EUROPEAN MAIL.—The P. and O. Company's mail steamship Nubia arrived in Sydney on Sunday, and the Goulburn portion of her mail was delivered on Monday afternoon. She will sail with the out going mail on Tuesday next. Lottern from Goulburn intended to go by this opportunity must be posted not later than Monday next. APPOINTMENT.—Mr. William Dumaresq, to be aide-de-camp to his Excellency the administrator of the government. INSOLVENCY.—On Thursday, before the chief com missionor. In re De Lissa v. Kilpatrick, the rulo nisi was made absolute on the motion of Mr. Cohen. Statement under rule 20 to be filed within ton days. Surrender-Henry Plowright, of Bombala, labourer. Cause of insolvaoey : Want of constant employment. Liabilities, £71 12s. ; assets, £9 16. ; deficiency, £61 17e. Official assignee, Mr. J. P. Mackenzie. ACCEPTED TENDERS.—Mr. H. Slater—contracts 7 and 13.72, road, GQoulburn to Quoanboyan; Mr. E. Connor--contract 8-72 road, Goulbhrn to Qucanboyan; Mr. H. Bradbury- contracts 9, 10, and 11-72, road, Goulburn to Quoauboyan; IMr. J. Connor- contract 12-72, road, Goulburn to Qucan boyan; Mr. T. Reid, approaches to Jugiong bridge. CROWN LANDS.—Notice is given that F. B. Wil shire, Esq., has beoon appointed agent for the solo of crown lands for the police district of Borrima. CooIn. - Friday. - Mr. Grahamo has boon returned.-The returns from several polling places are'yet to come in, but they cannot alter the result. The oexcitoment is great, but order is perfoot.-Mr. Moriarty has boon invited to a banquet by his sup porters, on Saturday night.-Mr. Orahamo is opposed to the minilstry.-Tnlogrum to Empire. FREE-SELECTORS are reminded that interest on balances due on their conditional purchases must be paid on or before the 31st of the present month. We understand payments are coming in much more slowly than In past years. Mr. Yates, the land agent at Yass, will receive payments on any office day, as well ason the partioular days net apart for the land officd duties.-Yass Courier. ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE FROM JAIL.—A PRISONER SHOT DEAD.—On Sunday morning, between nine and ton o'clock, an alarm was given to noveral of the townspoople of Port Macquario that several priso ners had offectCed their escape from the jail; but it was soon ascertained that only one prisoner had got away from the prison and he had boon shot dead by a warder. From the evidence given at the inquest and the statements given by persons who were oye witnesses, I gather the following facts:--The warder on duty overlooking No. 2 yard, saw soeveral of the prisbners rush suddenly out of the ward carrying two or three stools bound together, which they placed against the outer wall. These stools, by moans of their trostles or foot, formed a kind of ladder, and a prisoner named Thomas Hampton mounted upon this appliance, and from thence sprung upon the top of the wall which was about sixteen foot from the ground. The movements of the priso nors weore so sudden, and had evidently bueo.so well preconcerted, that the warder had scarcely time to give the alarm before the prisoner Hampton dropped on to the ground outside the jail. The place where he full was inside an enclosed garden, on thebo path loading to a small wicket-gate. Warder Coonan was on duty in this onclosure, at his sentry-box, and saw IIampton on top of the wall, and the warder says he called out for him to go back, at the some time pointing his rifle at him; but he would not, and slipped down and immediately got up and ran to the wicket- gate. The warder in the meantime chal longed him to stop two or throee times, and upon the prisoner turning round, in the act of going through, or jumping over the gate, the warder tired, and the prisoner fell on the outside of the gate; this was the only time the prisoner faced him. Coonan than ran to the gate and saw Hampton running away towards the bush. Ho immediately gave chose, in which he was joinud by the jaileor, chinf- warder, and two or tbhree others. Coonan having reloaded, fired again, but missed tIho prisonor; who was fast getting to wards the crock or swamp skirting tbohe osNrub. The man was seen to jump into the rushes and whon the warder came up he discovered him lying on his face quite dead. Tho body was then brought out of the swamp and takeno bacsl to the jail. The visiting our goon examined the body and found that death had been caused by a gunshot wound in the chest. At the inquleat theo surgeon said that the prisoner Hamp ton was killed by the bullet-wound causing internal hemorrhage; that from running so far and so fast his blood had got heated, nod coming in contact with the colt water the shook caused death. There is no doubt but there worn several other prisonors who were prepared to follow Hampton, and it was after hearing the shot fired that they denisted in following him. The prisoner Hampton is said to have boon a native of Shoalhaven, and was twenty-six years of ago, a very active and powerlul anu, st&nding; six feet two inches; he was undergoing a sentence of eight yearn' imprisonment, passed upon him in the year 1866f, on three different charges of highway robbery under arms. A coroner's jury, consisting of sai of the townspoople and six of the prisonordj the jail, returned a verdioet that the late prisonutA Thomas Hampton, died from a gunbshot wound in flicted by Warder Matthew Coonan, whilst id the execution of his duty, and that it was justifiable bomicido.-Correspondent of Empire. DREADFUL TRAGEDY AT THE FIELD OF MARS, NEAR PARRAMATTA.—A dreadful tragedy took place at the Field of Mars. on Sunday afternoon. A quarrel and then a fight occurred oloso to the scene whero Savage was murdered some monthsbsince. All the particulars are not yet to hand,; but it is assorted that foul play was resorted to. One of the unforta nate combatants was brought in here yesterday evening, with a fractured skull, and he died at a few minutes to eight o'cloock this morning. The man who occasioned the injuries is in custody, having been arrested by Constable Samuols, and loiged in the Ryde lockup yesterday evening. Some people assert that in the fight deceased fell upon- a stone; but there are, I understand, three wounds on the head, each of a serious naturb, add it is thought they could have scarcely boon received in filling. There was drink in this case, anotboher awful instance hero of inattention to the Sabbath.-Tho dead man was named Iihaoel Clarke. He was brought to Parra matta hospital by Constable O'Connor, about eight p.m. yesterday. In addition to several wounds on the hooead, he had a severe one on the mouth. The wounds were of so serious a nature that the deceased never spoke from the time he was soeen by. the con stable until his death. Teeo men, Tibbott senior and Tibbott junior, are now in custody on suspicion of having boon concerned in Olarke's death. The former was arrested by Constabl O'Cohnor, this morning. Tibt-tt, ;sdnior, is landlord of a public house at the Field of Hars. The decoased man Olarko, alias Rod Mick, it is stated was 'inhumanly left outside the public-house when dying, and was only taken in when passers-by interfered. The quarrel commenced about a hammer; but then there was an old quarrel and a fight between the younger Tibbett and Clarkoe, about a month sineo;.--Corres pondent of the Empire. 