, '1 DENE hollow? BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST CHAJTJSL — THOS MORNINQ xne peiism nuret tieefltnrph w3vauVi>,: .melodious Kid tip fo Hness ofpl , Sabbath Sd set tifamyjlrieir chnShid thi®k 9m¥en ma mm fo the Tane on thlfay bWTrailing S?5 given place to a clear atmosphere. The bright, the son shone, the skies were blue.'o?1 rally speaking, Hurst Leet bells only gave brief ding-dong, to show the world it was 8n? 1 to-day they were rineinsr. It vm ik. . . ' JHuret Jieet church at that period fo f the sacrament four times in the year: mas and Easter ; at Midsnmmer and Mir»h«xj" On thpseyifecasionB Yhe few minutes at earjy jnoruing. This ffae ear through the opepi window. She taraSi?/? round to look a the cuckoo clock teriL It ten minutes to eight ' " i " I.!rM 8Qre lfc he exelaimwii. 'ribeelf testily. " That clodk«>al6y> slow now." -"f- wgraangrtuif beOwncmermi words badwriLMtiherlips, feeS? Wev« ,wa», tte man's singular beauty W?: markable than on a Sunday morning wW? was always dressed as a gentleman. He foot!? rather eur prised not to see the breakfast lainTt £Si£ gecuely at eight on a Sunday ; on week daynj greeting. " And I be late." 'per j ioo/ neoaBervea, " and will notL j down for eonmlhutte. She has had I bad What /did j tnhave been afletttn, Birfe, "I hsTebnd . WraTse Fye a great mind to1 teliybu, master, tokv " _ Her manner, as aie nj ft, ninry Owen, who bad gone to the open window and was listening to ihe bells, turned and looked a! S hsr . "Ik?6 ad an ugly dneani, master. Tm dream, in one, as may beSaidj fbr I woke betwem em; andthenwent to sleep and dreamed it m I again. 'Twaa about you." Mary Barber was superstitious in the matter ti dreams. She1 did hot have them often- v m rarely. H musfcBetWessed that two or' thn j times in her life her dreams had appeared to fon- shadow coming events — events that afterward happened. 'When a young woman, she had drains of the death of her father, and told the dream- same few dajs subsequently his death, which vu quite unexpected, took place. Robert Owen smaed. He was one oftheleut supers titfous men living i would aaaooa hafttet feithfo a ghost as a dream. "Yos, sir, she said;, the smile somewhatuOflisg her ; "IknoW/how ytra'll ridicule all I aav. M !ipBmSS53SS;2SSS Is the ill ghostly or bodily P" he rejoined. Aid Mary Barber did not like the evident mockery, good natured though it was. " Bodily, I should imagine," was the half-defiant answer, as the teaepeons were rattled into the j «apcers. Jbisten to me while I tefl you, master," j Bhe added, " it will be off my conscience." j " You had better be quick about it then, or yon will have your mistress down," he naid in resigna tion. " It may be as well not to tell dreams to j her, if they are ugly ones." She finished patting the things in their placss on the doth, and then stood by the side of the table, facing him. Mr. Qwen .was at the ooea j window atilL listening to »Jm Kortf , "Master, I thought in my sleep that it was to day dawning : Gas very same Easter Sunday that u. All of us here seemed to be in a peck o1 trouble; in great distrote, and it w« toocrt you. You had to go soiriitee : I dout r why or irherefore. It seemed to as that ifpu did go, 8ome awful IE would come of it; iH to ypu ; we knew that it Would ; and vet ttov seemed rio help for it; never a thought -atesri any of ns to eay Don't go. It eeemed jtek tee o' things that must be, that's asureas aight \ toeroTOnoqueetiQafpassingit. We wertfi|f' frightful distress; it was worse th»»» any we eir ever feel in tins world ; sharper azid more miL Dreams are vifid; I often think they prctore things a bit what they'll be in heaven, that i| when we shall no longer see through a glass darkly. There was nerer such distress in this house, master, as we eeemsd to he in then, and because you had to go : it was just a keen anguish. Trie whole lot of us were crying bitterly. . T "What do you call trie whole lot?"' ques tioned Robert Owen, as she paused. " I don't know. I think my miaaft ynd the vonn? lasses Were hero TWm« if «.«. . iv.;e I » O ! J ,J W BQ IlvUlD | »lllg jferm, these rooms; and several -of us stood about. pThe only face I dearly remember was Joan's: she I was sitting down on that chair by the ironing- board m trie kitchen, her hands dasped on her lipsey apron, and her eyes hot and red with tears. Nobody but you seemed to be unconcerned, master." " Oh, I did, did I ?" You were moving about among us ; I saw nfore than once. But you seemed not to noue|' 14_?nd-nlt w feel any of the trouble that we fife : When s the toaster going f» Iaaid to dban ; and I Wokeheforeahehad time to answer. cried the masfer, far more ) 9® ®«ud he loved, tiuui "No, master ; it's net aU. I woke up with the a® tress, ms it seemed ; and I thought tomyaefe Wpat a strange dream. I wondered what th® tfrne o night it war, nod gt up and looked from . Ge window. Dawn w»s just a glimmering, and I saw the mist had cleared. I gpjt info bed dropped asleep, and was in the dream again. | mime dream, master ; it seemed to goon just as it I'd never woke. Joan was standing by the sane chair, not sitting then, and aha was cleaned now, and had got her best things on. But you were gone, master : and I saw, as plainly as I could oversee awake, her rod and swollen eyes. 3& house seemed to be fojrie same awful distress as before— it couldn't be Woroe and we never could feel it like that in life. We all set off to look ft y#h« toaster, a groat lot of us it was, but we knew 'P-artTthat, lbok as we would, you would m«ver aeain come back to ub : we knew it as cer- as we can know anything in this world. ?!fthe same, we ran, crying sadly; some went up u Ltifl and some went over the fields, and some ofcCond the fold-yard : but ail of us bSog off-for the same point as it were : and all «Whfch0pointP The moon ?" «The TrailiDg Jndian," she answered, too much «« f in her tale to resent the words. At least fwM tot direction we ell seemed te be mating 1 T was one o them in the lane, and I awoke Sh to nning. The clock wae etriMog hatf. .Iter 4«, maeter ; and I eat up on end in bed, a ked myself what the strange dream could « The tears stood in my eyes, and the sweat meftl mv brow, with the sorrow and the run- ftB Tvfl never hardly had such a life like dream ning. 96 Twf owon made no answer. Jlt'lav a thinking what it could mean. Then I and called Joan, for 'twas time ; and after JTt lay thinking again. Just as I ought to have got up, I dropped asleep : and that has made us MrOwo11 bent his ear to catch the last chime of the bells. To him they were as of the sweetest 10 " And master, I'm not able te tell what it means tkough it has never been for a minute out „ mv thoughts since I got up. But, as sure as " L it forebodes some ill for you. « The bells have finished," said Mr. Owen, as the vibration ®f their sound was dying Boftly awav. " Mary, woman, I'd not let a fooliBh dream .. if T were VOU." QLSvUrU UiV| ill £ . « »I know that it makes just aB much impression „nnn vou. sir, as if I'd said I read it in the news- naper " returned Mary Barber, tartly. " But I've told it you ; and my conscience is, so far, at ease : and Fd say further, take what care you can of yourself. That's all, master." She whisked out of the room, brought m a dwh of ham, and set it on the table with a dash. Mr. Owen had his prayerbook in his hand, looking out the proper psalms for the Easter service. « Master, what ails Mr. George Arde and his wife that they can't come over to-day for their Easter dinner?" resumed Mary Barber, in a dif ferent tone, for she had done with the other sub- iect for good. "Our chiscakes 'U be good enough for gentlefolks, I'll answer fort." " Cheesecakes! — it is not a question of cheese cakes," he answered, with a sigh. " Polly is not strong enough to come. Unless I am mistaken, this is the last Easter she'll see in this world." " Perhaps if she'd make an effort, master, she j might ha! got here," suggested Mary Barber in a softer tone— for the answer somewhat appeased the resentment she was feeling against things generally, and especially against herself for having I dropped asleep when she ought to have got up. i " Our chiscakes is beautiful this Easter : and Miss Polly always was fond of 'em. The baby might I ha' peeked a bit, too. Miss Maria never cared for 'em as MiBS Polly did." I " We must send her some, Mary Barber." I " Ay, master, that us will. I don't like to hear I of her getting worse. At Christmas she looked I like nothing but a drooping snowdrop. Tom was I enough to go, without " I Hush ! — here'B your mistreEs," was the warn- I ing interruption. Mrs. Owen entered ; and not a word more was I spoken on either ef the two subjects that master | and maid had just then at heart : she the dream ; I he, his daughter's failing strength. Mrs. Owen I was in too delicate health herself to be troubled I ttmecessarily. I Again Robert Owen stayed to partake of the I Sacrament after morning service j and again Mrs. I Owen (she was in the habit of staying), and the 1 parson equally wondered. Geoff ry Cianwaring I and his wife also stayed — for the first time to ll - getker. Sir Dene was in his pew as usual ; but i afforded himself ne opportunity of speaking to ! G-eoffry and Maria. He always came out of I church when the congregation, including his son I and daughter-in-law, had departed. I - Things were going on quietly between Sir Dene 1 and G-eoffry. They met frequently on business I matters, and Sir Dene seemed cordial : now and I then he would say, "How's your wife, Geoff?" I Bat Geoffry had not been invited to take a meal at Beechhurst since that luncheon, already told I of: his visits there were confined to business I ones in Sir Dene's parlour. If any rare necessity I brought Sir Dene to the Bailiff's lodge, he would I shake hands with Maria, and speak very kindly, ft Sir Dene was alone this Easter. John Clan- » waring had sent a wordy excuse for not quitting ft London. The heir was engaged to be married « uww j ftuu uio iaayeiove otau ciaiiMB on xiis viuiGi H Geoffry, knowing all this, had wondered whether Sir f| Dene might open his heart and invite him and I his wife to partake of dinner at Beechhurst. But I nothing of the kind took place. I They went up to dine at Harebell Farm, and I Btayed there the rest of the day. Maria was | grievously disappointed not to meet her sister. I "Is Polly so much worse that she could not I come, mamma ?" she asked. I "I don't think it is exactly that,'1 said Mrs. I Owen. "She is very weak and delicate, you fi know; but I suppose she could have come. II or6e 4r<3e has a bad cold, your father says ; i nearly laid up with it. They have a fresh nurse - S girl, too. Polly had to send away the other." I Mr. Owen, to his wife, had put the non- I coming for the Easter dinner upon any trivial I excuse, rather than the true one — Mary Arde's I fading life. And so t-h9 cheesecakes were eaten i Without them, and the day passed. 1 n night was bright, quite different from H xm Prev0UB ne ; it was almost as light as day. H When Geoffry Cianwaring and his wife were de ft parting after supper, Mr. Owen put ou his cap to ft Walk part of the way with them, ft "I should think that cap of yours will never ft ear out, PaPa>'' saucily observed Maria. (11 tl / " does not get fresher," returned Mr. Owen ; 1g TV' k 8 C la88-" H O f eaP k&d.; been a standing joke with Robert is b We8 'fanghters. It was of sealskin, originally |i| ' Bi li r travelling ; was expensive and con- lll ta T t Ver handsome, in accordance with the ftf e day. A year or two ago, when it ft tak r.®ng worn and shabby, Mr. Owen had ft en 't nto night use : one evening, in standing ft had P candle to read a letter, r the front of it ft Ba b Woeu% singed ; burnt, in fact. Mary ft tW er' never would tee anything wasted ft . could possibly be used, edged it round with ft cnrnf ? llte fleey lur. It rendered it more 'I om r |3 Bian before : but certainly not more I 0r one think of a magpie. I ' won,fc y0u your great coat on?' ft Outer door Wen' 8e fwed them to the I tak/if. h0 answered, turning back to ,atelt from the peg. The air is frosty/' She Btood a minute at the door watching them along the path that led round to the Bideuf the house/ Maria arm-in-arm with her husband:; Mr. Owen buttoning his coat, his favourite stick in Ins hand. A chill seemed to take her and run right through her frame ; she hastily Bhut the door and returned to the fire. " What be you shivering at, missis ?" ques tioned Mary Barber. "It is cold at that open door," answered Mrs. Owen. " I have felt a little shivery all the even ing. This best parlour is not half as warm as the other." It was then ten o'clock. Mary Barber, busy in the kitchen, helping Joan to put things straight, did not come in again for nearly au hour. Mrs. Owen had dropped into a doze over the fire, and woke up with a start. " Dear me ! I was asleep. What's the time, Mary P" " Hard upon eleven, missis." " Hard upon eleven !" echoed Mrs. Owen. " Why, where can the muter be ? He must have gone all the way with them." " It's a rare fine night," responded Mary Barber — as if tacitly implying that the fact might have tempted her master on. Mrs. Owen put the Bible on the table against her husband should come in. Mary Barber sat down on the other side of the fire ; and they waited on, talking of various things. Joan wanted a whole afternoon's holiday on the morrow— and a " whole" afternoon dated in Joan's vocabulary from one o'clock iu the day. Mary Barber did not approve of Mrs. Owen's having consented to Joan's taking it ; and said so. The cuckoo clock struct uan-pasti eieveu. " Why, where can he be ?'' exclaimed Mrs. Owen. Wondering did not bring an answer. The time went on to twelve. Mrs. Owen was in a state of great surprise then, somewhat of alarm. " Mary, do you thinJc he can be staying all this while at Maria's ?" " Hot unless him and Mr. Geoffry Cianwaring have got smoking a p:pe together, missis. Anc that's not over likely." "But, even if they had, the master would not stay all this while." The house was very still ; nothing to be hearc. but the ticking of the cuckoo clock, that came faintly through the open door of the other par lour. Joan was in bed and asleep, recruiting herself against the morrow's pleasure ; Parkes, the mau who slept in-doors, was also in bed. The . clock ticked on for another half-hour : and with every minute Mrs. Owen's uneasiness grew greater. " Mary, it will soon be one," she said, in ex citement. " It is not po sible but that something must have happened to him! Perhaps he has fallen down somewhere and hurt himself." " ne oest tning, missis, tor you to ao is to go to bed." " Go to bed ! Nonsense, Mary. I could not sleep if I did. You must call Parkes, and let him go oat and look for his master." ; " It'll take more time and trouble to waken Parkes than to go myself," was Mary Barber's answer. " Once that man gets asleep, there's no rousing him till work-time i' the morning, Til go, missis." ! If a thought crossed Mrs. Owen that she should feel very lonely all alone, she suppressed it. Mary Barber was everi then putting on her bonnet and warm cloak. Her mistress flung a shawl over her Bhoulders, and went with her to the corner of the house wbeie she could see the fold-yard. They both listened for a minute, hoping to hear foot steps : but net a sound broke the night's stillness. "Take the open road down Dene Hollow, Mary. That's the way he'd come up : perhaps you may meet him." How it is a positive fact, and one often spoken to by Mary Barber afterwards, that with the re lating of the dream to her master in the morning, it had gone oat of her memory. What with the' preparation of the good cheer, deemed necessary for Easter Sunday and -for the visit of Mr. Geoffry Cianwaring and his wife, and with the scuffle, it waB, to get out to afternoon service her self, and te let Joan get out ; in short, what with the bustle of the day altogether, Mary Barber's mind had been fully occupied, and she had not once remembered the dream. Hever at alL As she crossed the stile into Harebell Lane, some night bird flew, with a cry, across the trees higher up, its wings making a great rush and whirr. " That's a owl," thought Mary Barber, turning her face full towards the sound. " I hate them owls." Aii at once, m that moment, aB she stood gazing up the lane, the dream came flashing into her memory. Just as it had been in the dream, bo- it was now in reality — Mr. Owen was misBing and being looked after. Only, in the dream, there had been a good many of them looking, and here it was but herself. So intensely did the fact — nay, the fear come home to Mary Barber, that her arms dropped by her side as if a weight had pulled them. With a feeling of certainty, that no persuasion could have shaken, — with a dread fear that seemed to catch her heart and hold it, with a shivering sensation that perhaps she had never in her life, save once, experienced, the conviction crossed her that it was in that upward direction she ought to search, not the other. And Mary Barber had all but started up the lane at the top of her speed. But, even with the most superstitious and fan ciful, common sense must, and does, in a degree exert its sway. It tola Mary Jbarber tnat there would be no reason in looking for her master in the opposite direction to that he had been bound upon. There was nothing, absolutely nothing, likely to have taken him up Harebell Lane, es pecially wken he had been going the other way. But, had she started as impulse led her, it would have been the very exemplification of her dream — when she and others had been flying along the laue ; for what particular point she knew not, only that it was in the direction of the Trailing Indian. " It's very odd," she said to herself with a sigh, as she turned about the other way — and her heart felt like a lump of lead. "How was it I forgot the dream all day long ? — and why should it ha' come rushing over me as I looked up the lane at the cry of that bird? Was it the sighto the lanebronght it back, I wonder ? Bat what's odder than all the rest, is the fact that master should be missing as he was in the dream ; and that I should ha' come out after him." Very quickly she went on now ; not exactly with a run, but at a sharp walking trot that was faster. Under the park wall of Beechhurst Dene went she, turning off opposite its front gates, down the smooth road of Dene Hollow, so cold and white in the frosty moonlight. A. few minutes brought her to the bailiff's lodge, Geoffry Olanwaring's humble residence now. That Mr. O wen was not lingering there, ap peared pretty evident ; the house was closely Bhut up, its upper curtains drawn. By dint of knock ing for a few minutes, Mary Barber succeeded is arousing. Geoffry Cianwaring. He opened his chamber window, and looked out. " Is the master here, sir ?" asked Mary, stand ing back against the shrubs to look up. " What's it you, Mary Barber?" he exclaimed. " Your master? Ho, be is not here. Why did you think he was ?" " Didn't he come here, sir, with yon and Mi«a Maria?" " He. He came with us as far as the new road, and then turned back. He said he was going to look at a sick cow : Lightfoot, I think ho called it." Maria's head appeared beside her husband's shoulder. A thought had struck her. " Is mamma taken ill, Mary Barber ?" "Hot Bhe," replied Mary Barber. "Why should you think that, Miss Maria ?" For Mary rarely gave the young lady her new matronly title ; the other was more familiar. "Then why should you have come After papa? What is it that's the matter ?" " There's nothing the matter, except that he has not come home." " Oh, is that all," returned Maria, carelessly : and neither she nor her husband appeared to have an idea that it was so late. Suddenly aroused from sleep, they were naturally confused. " Then why need you have come ?" repeated Mrs. Clan- waring. Mary Barber possessed a large share of prudent reticence. It occurred to her that she need not further alarm this young girl — who was not alto gether in strong health — by saying all she feared. " We got a wondering where the master conld be stopping, Miss Maria — and your mamma wanted to go to bed," she said. " That's why I come." " Well, I hope you have liked your walk — and you've given me a fright besides. Good night, Mary ; I wish you a pleasant ramble back again." " Mir. Owen is sure to have been with Light- foot," added Geoffry. You will find him at home when you get back. Good night." He closed the window ; and Mary Barber turned slowly away, the weight at her heart ten times greater. HadLightfoot been dead or dying, he would sot have stayed with the animal all that while. An awful prevision lay on Mary Barber — that he was dead. He, her master. It had been calm and still as she went down, but now a breeze had arisen ; stirring gently the branches of the trees, passing through them with a slight moan. The shadows played on the white road up Dene Hollow j Mary Barber thought of that other shadow that her mother professed to have seen, and shivered a little as she passed the spot. What with the remembrances attaching to the road, and this present midnight dread, things looked to her a little ghasily. A quick, firm step on the upper path. Mary Barber heard it, and her heart leaped with hepe. But it proved not to be her master. It was Mr. Priar. They met at the corner opposite Sir Dene's lodge. The surgeon looked thunderstruck at seeing her. "Why, Mary Barber! What brings you abroad here at this hour ?" A brief, mutual explanation ensued. Mr. Priar was on his way from the Trailing Indian, to which inn he'had been snmmoned in desperate haste some few boors before. " What on earth for ?" demanded Mary Barber. « Who's ffl." He told her who — at least as well as his know ledge of facts allowed him. That afternoon a comely young woman, footsore and tired with walking, made her unexpected appearance at the inn door, in search of Michael Geach, whose wife) she announced herself to be. Geach went into a towering passion, abused her for coming after him, and ordered her away again. She re fused to go; and a general quarrel ensued. What with the fatigue, and the excitement of the quarrel upon it, the yonng woman was taken ill. Her symptoms grew serious j Mr. Priar was sent for, and arrived in time to usher an infant into the world. "Well I'm sure!" cried Mary Barber, when she had listened to the story. "Geach? — Geach ? Fve heard that name afore now." " He is an acquaintance of Black's," said Mr. Priar. "Some loose fellow, who. appears by fits and starts at the Trailing Indian." " Is the young woman his wife ?" Mr. Priar gave his mouth a twist, clearly dis tinguishable in the moonlight. " If required to produce her marriage lines, 1 fancy she might have seme difficulty in doing it," Baid he. " Bla?k turned virtuous over it, I hear; he is annoyed that she should be laid up there. She is very ill, poor thing." ... „ "Did you see my master at theTrailing Indian? resumed Mary Barber. " Or in the lane as you came along it ?" " Ho. I should hardly be likely to see him al the Trailing Indian. Ajb to the lane, it seemec mere lonely than ever to-night, as if not a soul had been in it for ageB." He was making a movement to pass on, naturally wanting to get home to rest. Marv Barber put her hand on his arm and detained him. " James Priar " — she had called him so before in solemn moments, and these seemed to be one of the most solemn she had ever passed — " there's a feeling upon me, that some great ill has happened to the master. I think he is dead." "Dead! Mr. Owen?" With the moon shining right upon her face, Mary Barber disclosed her reason for saying this, and related her dream, regardless of the wondering stare that Mr. Priar fixed upon her. As she went on, speaking very earnestly, the in credulous surprise on his countenance gavA place to a kind of concerned perplexity. Perhaps he was somewhat superstitious himself. " That's why 1 asked you, JameB Priar, whether you had seen him up there. Because iu the dream we seemed to know it was the right place to search for him in- — somewhere toward the Trailing Indian." " Fve neither seen sign of him, nor heard news of him," was the answer. " If Geoffry Cian waring tells you he was going to see the sick cow,, no doubt that's where he went to." "But he'd not stay in the cow's shed all this while." " You don't know. Possibly, he found the animal worse, and may have gone after Cole the farrier. It's not unlikely, Mary." This idea had not struck Mary Barber. It was certainly possible. " Yes, yes !" said the surgeon hastily. "For goodness sake don't let your mind run on those other dismal thoughts. You'll find him all right when you get home." She slowly shook her head, in spite of the feint hope that arose within her; and they parted. " I might think it," she said, " but for my dream. -Twas a morning dream: and them morning dreams come true. - — Jfrom the Argosy. (to be continued.) 