% fijta of tBY MBS. HARRIET MTT.T.ER' DAVIDSON, Author of "Isabel Jardine's History," "Christian Osborne's Friends," &c.; {The exclusive right of publishing "A Wmi of Genius" in Australasia tu teea purchased by the Proprietors of the Atfefeide Otaror.J CHAPTER XXIV. AMONG THE BOSKS. ' The next morning rose fair and sunny, and early in the forenoon Allan borrowed Jacks brown riding mare, and canterea down the Toad that wound in and out among the green Mil" to Ambedey. The lawn of Amberley Souse looked brilliant with its blaze of summer flowers set in the emerald turf, and the air was laden with the odour of the roses •which were blooming everywhere. Wherever a rose-bush could grow there was one planted; in sheltered and sunny spots the splendid "cloth of gold" opened its great yellow blossoms; pale blush-climbing roses .-were trained over archways and on trellises; roses with dark crimson velvet leaves, roses of every shade from snow-white to deep pink, bloomed in all their glory, the very queen of flowers. Into all this bloom and blossom of roses Allan rode slowly, and, giving his horse to Sandy, he crossed the lawn to where he had caught a glimpse of the old doctor standing .among his flowers, feasting his eyes on their beauty, and inhaling their fragrance. He was much changed, Allan thought, as he noted how the white head was bent, how the once keen eye was dimmed, and the band that had been so Arm trembled. "Youremember me?" asked Mr. Edmon stone, smiling, seeing that the old man looked at him doubtfully, though he had held out his hand in courteous welcome. " I am Allan Edmonstone." "Ah, Mr. Edmonstone, to be sure," said the doctor, shaking the hand he held heartily. "You must forgive my forget fulness, dear Sir. I have good cause to remember you, for you brought me my darling. But my memory is not what it was, Sir-—-not what it was." " It is five years since we met," said Allan, " and time tells on us all." "Yes—yes," said the old man absently. " All this is very beautiful, is it not?" he went on, pointing to the rose-garden. "We grow old, Sir, but they are ever young, ever beautiful. They die but to blossom again." " As we shall do also," said Allan gently. The old doctor raised his dim eyes to the clear summer sky that shone above him. \- "Yes," he said smiling, "our home is yonder." Allan was touched by the perfect simplicity of the words and action. He saw that his dear old friend had become " fit for the kingdom of heaven," inasmuch as he was indeed become "as a little child." It was not an unhappy old age which had come upon t"'mJ for, with the blunting of the once keen faculties, there had come the more perfect and guileless enjoyment of childhood. All beautiful things were a delight to him to the last; he loved his flowers, and had no greater pleasure than to wander among them on bright days, and gather here and there a blossom, as a child might have done. And whatever might have been tbe doubts and difficulties of his sterner middle-age, there had come hack to him now that entire, simple, childlike faith, which is the highest wisdom. All other books had ceased to interest, but he loved, to listen to his grand child's voice as it read to him the storyjwMch lias had power to touch men's hearts for so many centuries. "Is Miss Nelly at home?" asked Allan. "Here she comes, I think," said the doctor." " My eyes are growing veiy dim, but I always know her." Allan turned, and there, coming towards bim, along the .grassy, rose-bordered walk, stepping lightly on the pink and white fallen petals of the roses, was, as he thought, his Gainsborough come to life. Her soft brown hair was brushed hack from her broad white brow, and fell in curls about her throat. The bodice of her white dress was according to the pretty fashion of the time cut square, and she wore, curiously enough, a breast-knot of cherry-coloured ribbon. But it was in her face that the most decided resemblance to the picture lay. The small sweet mouth, the soft complexion, above all, the large lovely eyes, so wise and yet so innocent, were those which had smiled down on Allan many a time, when he had come home cold and tired, from over his study mantelpiece. He had seen from the first that there was a curious likeness to the child Nelly in the picture, but the fair woman who stood before birr) seemed to be the picture itself, which had stepped down from its frame in the very quaint, pretty dress it wore, and was living, blushing, and smiling in all its youth and beauty. He was so startled by this discovery that it was not till Nelly was close to hiin, holding out both hands in eager welcome, that he stepped forward to greet her. "Iam so glad to see you," she said, in her frank winning way. " I have thought about you veryoften." " That was very good of you," said Allan, holding both the little outstretched hands in his. "I was balf afraid you might have forgotten me in all those long years." "Forget you! Ah, how could 1?" said Nelly smiling; and the great earnest eyes she raised to his were full of tears. " Could I ever forget what a lonely little girl I was, and how kind you were to me? You were my greatest comfort in the most desolate time of my life. And all the happiness I have had since I have owed in a way to you, for yon brought me here." The old doctor smiled, and drew Nelly fondly to his side. "I knew she would, remember," he said. "She never forgets any one." They made a beautiful picture, those two as they stood together in the soft July light, with the glory of the roses all about them. Nelly put her arm over the old man's shoulder in the same protecting, motherly fashion she had used to her father long ago. As Allan watched them daring that long happy summer afternoon he saw the child's face that he remembered so well come out in the woman's, and many of her gentle, pretty ways tonched half-forgotten memories in his heart. As he wandered with her in the beautiful old-fashioned garden, or sat in the drawing-room by her side, or bent over the piano while she played and sang to him, he was vaguely conscious through the mist of happiness that was all about him that his time was come, and that he loved as men of bis stamp do love, passionately, intensely, " supremely, solely, as we cannot love save one." Every movement of Nelly's had a charm for him, every endearing word or caress bestowed on her grandfather thrilled him with a wild longing which he himself as yet hardly understood. He knew, too, that she had fulfilled the promise of her girlhood, and that she was not only a lovely, gentle woman, who would be the sunlight of a man's home and the joy of . his heart, hut that she had the calm sense, the clear intellect, the intense appreciation of every thing that was good and beautiful, which would make her the friend of his soul, with whom he could hold sweet counsel and high converse. She had inherited something of her father's wonderful power of seeing beauty, and also of his gift of expression; but tins was tempered by the keen, clear common-sense which came to her from the old doctor. Her tales of her journeyinga on the Continent were charming to Allan, for she had that gift, bestowed on so few, of flashing ont vivid pictures of places and people. As die talked Allan could see, as in a picture, the trembling blue Italian air, the brown-skinned, black-eyed peasants, the fretted cathedrals, or feel the keen Alpine breezes, and see the snowy billa and blue darners. Dr. Frere sat by her as she spoke, listening to every word. " It comes back to me when she tells it, "he said to Allan "j enjoyed it at the time; bat my memory has failed and my sight grown dimmer since then." Nelly's eyes filled with sudden tears, which she tnrned her face away quickly to bide. Allan saw that the change which was fast creeping over the old man was the one great sorrow of her life. He had torn himself away at last, and was standing at the hall door looldng ont into the stiff summer night, and waiting for Sandy to bring round Jack's mare, when a light touch on his arm startled him, and, looking down, he saw Kelly, fairer than ever, in the dim light. " Did I frighten yon?" she asked smiling. "You came so quietly," he stammered. "I did not hear your footstep. And you look like a ghost in your white dress." "I wanted to,ask you something, Mr. Edmonstone. Grandpapa cannot bear me to speak of him, so I never do before him. Have you ever heard anything of—my father?" "Never," answered Allan in a low voice. She bent her head till it almost touched his arm. "Doyou think," she whispered, " that he is—dead?" Allan hesitated. In his heart he thought that poor Harry Belford's sad career had terminated in an unknown grave in some foreign graveyard, but he could not say so to Ilia child. "lean scarcely tell," he said. "I have i no reason for thinking so." "But if he were alive, he wonld surely have written to me in all these years," pleaded Nelly, with tears in her eyes. "Oh, he could not so forget me!" "I am sure he could not forget you," answered Allan gently. The garden outside was very lovely in the dewy starlight, and the breath of the roses floated to them on the sweet evening wind. Allan wished that he could stand there for ever, with that white-robed figure beside him; but the tread of his horse's feet, as it came round from the stable, broke the stillness, and with a soft "Good-night," Nelly flitted away. He mounted and rode away through the garden and up the long ! dim road, and as he went the dreamy ! delight that had been about him all day | seemed to fall away from him like a mantle. "What a fool I have been," he said to himself bitterly. "She is a priceless treasure, but not for me—oh! never for me." And then, bending forward on the mare's neck, the strong man burst into a passion of tears—swift, sudden, over in a few seconds, but yet intense in its anguish while it lasted. He was very pale when he walked into the farm-kitchen, where Jack sat by the fire smoking a solitary pipe. "Well, old fellow," he said, looking up as Allan came in, " you must have had a pleasant visit, judging from the length of it." * "Pleasant enough while it lasted," said Allan quietly. And then he sat down beside his brother, and bent his face in his hands, and there was silence between them for a long time. " Don't lose heart, old chap," said Jack at last, touching him slightly on the arm. " You know," he went on, "I don't want to piy into your affairs; but don't you think you would feel better if you told me all about it?" "There is nothing to tell," answered Allan, "except that I have met my fate. 1 suppose," he went on, smiling faintly, " those sort of things are like our childish ailments—one gets over them more easily when one is voung. If they do not come on a man till he has reached my age it is apt to go harder with him." Jack puffed away in silence, as if seeking for inspiration from his pipe. "I don't see why you need be so despondent abont it," he said at last. " Do you know, Allan, I have seen this coming for a long time. I have been sure of it ever since I visited you last year, belore you left Glasgow." " What told you of it then ?" asked Allan, lifting his head from his hands for a minute. "The picture over your mantelpiece," answered his brother quietly. "You saw the likeness, then?" said Allan quickly. " I understand now why it was that the picture haunted me so. I was forced to bay it. I suppose it was my coming fate castmg its shadow over me beforehand." "But, Allan," remonstrated Jack, as the other dropped bis head in his hands again, " this is mere folly. Why do yon talk and look as if everything were hopeless?" " The case most be hopeless. She is—you know what she is, everything that is young and fair. And I am old enough to be her father." '' If you were as old as Methuselah, I don't see that it would matter, so long as she is fond of you." " She is fond of me," said Allan in a low voice; "she loves me as she might have loved her father, if he had been worthy of her. And it is that very affection of hers which makes any other love so hopeless." " I don't pretend to be a judge in such matters," said JaCk hesitating. "But I think you are mistaken." "No," said Allan sadly. "If you think of it, Jack, what else can be possible ? Why, you don't remember what an old fellow I am. My face is getting wrinkled, and my hair is turning grey. It is rather late for me to begin to tnink of winning a girl's heart. Just look at me?" Jack raised his eyes, and deliberately scanned his brother, who had risen and was standing leaning against the kitchen chimneypiece, from head to foot. " Well, I see you. And I think you're not a bad looking fellow, on the whole." Allan could not help laughing, which did him good, as Jack meant it should. " There is one thing I have determined," he said. ; "Neither by word nor look will I shake the child's loving confidence and trust in me. I thought at first that I had better go away, and never see her sweet face again. But after all, why should I wound her tender little heart because I am a weak fool? Tell me, Jack, for you see more clearly in this thing than I, ought I to refuse the affection she gives me because I cannot have all I ! want?" I '' Certainly not,'' answered Jack promptly. j "lam glad you think so," said Allan j seriously. "I do not like running away ! from anything." And with this heroic resolution he went off upstairs. Jack rubbed his large brown hand through his hair thoughtfully for a few minutes, and the process appeared to afford him satisfaction, for big face was lighted up by a sunny smile. "I wonder how it is," he meditated as he finished his pipe, "that such a clever fellow can be so blind about what concerns himself? Fancy his running away!" And the idea so amused him that he lay back in his chair, and indulged in a silent, *but very hearty fit of laughter. 