SIEVE DODGE. I ain't mueh good at tolUa' n yarn, For I novor was much at soUool ; Sara, brod, au' reared on a prairie farm, An' allua reokon'd n fool. But, fool au I was, to a mun I grow ; An* if I got notbln' beside, I got strength of muscle, an' bone, an! thow, An' a tongue ns novor lied. Au' soino of your schoolmen, I opino, Had never been rogues an' ohoats j Supposln' thoy'd never mot sheep au' kine, In tho crush of ti city's streots, For do OB yo will in their roar on' dash, List whothor yo will or not, You must draw in with your tradin' eash, Somo dimos from the Uotril's lot, , But alone In tho woods-if yo ain't all brat« Aro voioos for ever near ; Kind homely words, just faahioned to suit All days in tho chungla.' your : Summer and Springtide, AVintor an' Fall, Flowers, fruits, rlpo harvests, an' snow, Pronohiu' un' plcadin' to ono au' all, , What's right for us men to know. But this ain't tollin' the thing off alick, 'Bout ruy poor cumrndo an' mc, But I can't help baokin' an' ullin' a blt, For I push for tho wild salt sea. »*.>*«' Jist nineteen yews, it I don't mistako, Como next luuplo buenr tiruo, StuvoDodgo^an' nie, on tho Moosehciwl uoko, SVcro ckoppiu' among tho pino. Tiro foiled thro* tho two first months ol IBOW, An' tho logs got soattor'd and wldo ; So Stovo and his wifo shifted pegs bolow ' To a bluff on tho other side. Mo an' Hill a tokes an' Jonathan Dolo Moved lîast'ard a lengno or more, Whore tho trees if they stinggled wero bigger at bolo, Au' chock on tho Mooscliead shore. Wo bid ted and haul'd thro' as sharp a woek Of frost as thoo parts cnn bring. For when wo opened our lips to speak, Tho iee in oar boards would ting. Tho air was orisp na a frozen shcot, An' gave out no cry or call, An' tho earth wo buttered beneath our feet, Was hard as a cannon ball. Deep in tho woods tho wolves an' dcor lind dived when tho snap began, An' wo reckoned that nothln' alive was near, Bavo tho ox an' his dr iver-man, AV ni, it kept on so till near tho edgo Of Hinch, when Stovo an' his son Ooma over tho icu in a neighbor's slodga To tasto our pineapple rum. Tho boy was only a two year old, But bright os a new made cent, An' Steve he counted him more than gold, An' took him wborevor ho went. We talked of the wcathor an' drunk tho rum, An' smoked au* turned up Jack, For apples an' hickory nuts for the son I To oarry his mother baok. At last tho pineapple juioe caved in, An' wa tickled the lad awake, An' swathed him up ia a batíalo skin, For the dearin' aoroaa tho Lake. Good night was said with a hearty shake Ot hands in the moonlight calm, But somehow or other I couldn't tako My grip from his olingin' palm. So I said I'll carry tho boy a yoko, For you'B find him a ten-horse load, But I never thought when the words were speke 'Iwould ha' beon sich a lonesome road. We left tho cabin an' struck a track To' tho uppermost end of the Lake, For the ioe was glsze as a sperm whale's back, An' we hadn't never a skate. We headed the ioo, an' tho trail waa plain Turo' the hemlooks an' haokmatao, So I handed the lad to Stevo again. To it urn on my backward traok. I'd lighted my pipe an' said a'moat Good night, when a hell-fire orv Carno up Uko the wail of a oufferln' ghost. From a oluinp of junipers nigh. Llko a Oaraboo struak right dead in tho spine, Stove startod np from tho log, An' groaned in his thront thro' tho frosty rime, ' Wolves ! by the Eternal God.' One look to his borne an' ono behind, An' thon he bounded ahead, Like an iooboat lashod by a weat'ard wind, On the waters of Winneabod. I follured up olose, nn' the pace bogan To toll both on mo on' him, So I took my knife an' cut as I ran Big strips from tho buffalo skin. This ain't got much of a bumptous sound, But a man wants muscle an' breath, AB' I guess that even a single pound. Ia a help in a raoo with death. T kant an outtin*. an' fold on fold Fell away os wo onward flew, An' 'twould all ha' gono, but tho midnight oold Would ha' »mitton tho poor boy thro. Wo might ha' gono ovor half-a-mile, An' wo'd nover onoo heard tho paok Give a yelp or a howl or a snarlin' whine, But we know they wero runnln' the track. When all of a sudden, olear, sharp, on* foll, Wo heard tho infernal rips ; They'd picked up the hido of tho prairie bull, An' was toarin' it into bits. Steve stopp'd on tho trail an' looked at his son, An' then glared savago at me, As if riled at tho desperate risk ho'd ran, Thea sunk on his bended knee. Be kissed tho bey ovor an' over again, An' wept, an' seemed to pray, Then said, ' Take tho lad to his mothor, Ben, While I keep tho sknnks at bay.' Ho gave me his son, an' a horrible glare Flashed out of his tearless eye, For sharp an' shrill on tho frosty air Came again tho devilish cry. I tried to speak, but words wouldn't oomo Only high enough jist to choke, But ho knew tho f colin' as made mo dumb, F'r'aps bettor than if I'd spoke. He looked at us both, for there I stood, As if part of tho iron ground, But a nearer howl from tho hemlock wood Set mo off like a hungry hound. God kcop yo both,' I hoard him say, "But push for yor dear good lifo, I'll keep tho infernal whelps away, Till ydgivo tho boy tomy wife.' I heard nothin' else, the earth and sky Was still, an' I hoped on yet, Till londer an* fieroer the horrible ory Told tho man an' the wolves had mot. I'd hoard somo agony in my time. From wounded an' drownin' men, But God in His goodness keep me an* mine From boorin' tho like again. Cry af tor cry came over the snow. With now and again a yelp. An' once I lay tho child down to go. Strait back to tho father's help. ' ' Bat the gleam Of their camp-fire shlnin' bright* Steamed to strengthen the bendin' reed, Tho'-1 felt aa I ought to go back an' fight, The brutoa aa were chawin' Stove, I took the boy in my arma un' spud Liko mad thro' tho midnight air, Nor stopt till ho lay on his trundle bod, Ia reach of a mother'« care. . « . . * There's nothin* oleo ; tho father gave His life for tho lifo of tho Bon, An' Christ when He came the world to save, .Tiaf, did what Steve Dodae had done. OSCAR HDQEAH. 