EXTjiAOKDINAEtr HOAX Fifty Baptist ministers quartered during the annual con ference held in Chicago at the University, were lately thrown into a terrible state of excitement To understand the situation it is to be known that the committee of reception, in ord?r to accommodate the nearly 1,500 delegates expected, were driven to some expedients to provide for their entertainment. Among tbe other ways and means adopted, some forty or fifty of the reverend gentlemen were consigned to tbe hospitality of the University. The boarding department of this institution is under the care of tbe Bev. W. W. Smith and bis efficient wife, who, being good Baptists themselves, felt only too happy to minister to the comfort of half a hundred ministers — but where to deposit them of nights was a grave and difficult qnestion. !The matter was mastered, however, by Mrs Smith with her well known energy,- who ordered the larjre chapol in the upper part of the building to be cleared «ut, and dispatched messages hither and thither after beds, bedding, towels, chairs, &c;, soon trans formed the appearance of the room into that of a country tavern in fair time. Fifty beds were made on the floor, and fiVe nights passed by, and the brethren were happy. L*st evening, at a somewhat late hour, they returned to th»jr quarters and pre pared to retire for the night, little dreaming of *he calamity overhanging them. The night passed, ft was about half-past 4 o'clock in tbe morning that an 'early bird* began to think about the worms. Half asleep, be felt about in the accustomed place for his pants— they were grone ; his ve-t and coat were also missing. Nothing was to be found. Tap unhappy confused man sits up in bed, and is puzzled to know what h ts happaned to him. Has he been robbed ? Has anybody been murdered ? Gradually these thoughts passed through his mind and flashed upon him. Then be looked around. Where are Brother B.'s clothes ? — gonei Brother T.'s big boots ? — gone ! Where are all tbe pieces of dothiug usually adorning the chairs and tables about the room ? — gone ! — gone ! — not a vestige remaining. The frightened minister, with screams of alarm, shouting, “Robbers! thieves 1 burglars ! sprang Trom his bed, and soon the fifty were made aware of the doleful situation. The scene that followed beue-ars description — indeed, forbids details. The fif t v nnclothad ^-j — x - ^ j - — ~ ^ ? . — - _ _ _ .» — rushed hither and thither in the excitement of tbe moment, vainly seeking something they could not find. Considerable amounts of money, railroad tickets, watches, &c;, were gone, and consternation dire sat upon every brow. One could not but have pitied these distressed brethren, and yet not to have laughed at their embarrassment would have been impossible — it was ludicrous in the extreme. A single white garment was the entire of their individual attire, with very few exception?. It looked like a lot of ghosts holding a grand carnival in the esrlv dawn. Here there could be seen a preacher with boot on— only that and nothing more. Another rushing around, dressed as above-mentioned, with the addition of a tall black hat. and some only the addition of a necktie. Some wrapped a sheet about )hem and strode solemnly up and down the room, adding greatly to the ghostly, ghastly, and ridiculous appearance of the scene. ' How ehall we ever get home ?' says one. ___ ' Oh, dear me, what will my wife say when she hears abbut this ?' says another. In tbe meantime the startling news of this sacreligous burg lary had spread through the building, and professors, students, and porters hurried in to help to sympathize, and devise ways and means of d easing the unfortunates. All wera in despa^Pr fifty suits of clothing, with pants Ion? enough and vests big enough for that number of ministers could hardly be found in a moment. At this instant a discovery was announced. A pile of clerical cut garments had been found in the University chapel — a number of boots under the stairs. Light slowly dawned upon the troubled souls — it was a college trick. The room had been entered in the night by somemischeivous students, who had played the practical joke upon the reverend gentlemen. When the news was made known, and the prospect of recovering their lost property — of yet being able to go forth clothed and in their right garments — such a shont of laughter went up as never fifty Baptist ministers shouted before. A grand stampede was now made for all parts of the building, and a thorough inquisition made for boots, ha4^, coats, pants, &c.; The ladies boarding in the building prudently retired to their rooms. For an hour undressed and half-dressed ministers could be seen exploring every nook and corner where it was possible for an old shoe to have been secreted. The search was in the main successful, and when our reporter left everything lost, but a simple coat, bad been recovered. No miner, or watch, or other valuables had been purloined. — Aew York Gazette. 