. .yi ? THE JRU1NED HOUSE. . .' ?? ? . ? * ? The flitting shadows pass Athwart the meadow grass ; 1 This sunay field of mingled green and gold Bends to the gencle sweep Of summer windB that creep \- Over the uplands as in days of old. And still the ancient lines Lisp, as in other times, Their leafy whispers to the booming bees ; ' Still, when some breeze awakes The dancing foliage makes .A murmur like the sound of far-off seas. Still o'er the clover fells, Chime out the tinkling bells ? Of distant flocks upon the thymy slope j Still wild, and clear, and strong, The laverock's piercing song -Goes up to heaven like a hymn of hope. But ah, the sunlight falls Upon the crumbling walls ? Of the old house that used to shelter me j And silent, sure decay Steals slowly day by day, Through vacant rooms, once filled with life and glee. No faces at the doors, No footsteps on the floors ; 'Only the solemn shadows shift and glide Like ghosts upon the stair, — No human form comes there At golden morn or dewy eventide. Nettles and brambles grow 'Where roses loved to blow, .And rank weeds cluster at the broken gate ; And like a mournful strain These words drift through my brain, — a'Thy house is left unto thee desolate.' Where are the dwellers fled ? Many are with the dead ; -Some have grown old ; and some have crossed the wave To other lands, that lie Beneath a brighter sky, Seeking a home, — to find, perchance, a grave. Now, as in days of old, The tale is often told. Life is swept bare by Time's remorseless wings j , ' Friend after friend departs,' And round our empty hearts, ?Only the ivy of remembrance clings. Yet undecaying stands One House, not made with hands Eternal in the heavens ; fair and vast ; Beneath that boundless dome, Shall we not make our home, And find our long- lost treasures safe at last 1 Then shall we kait again Love's broken golden chain, And know the shining links are all complete ; There with our heart and voice, The saintly hosts rejoice, Casting their crowns before the Master's feet. The Author of 'Psalms ch? Life.' 