Put Yourself io his Place I BY QfHATtT.Teg READE, Bsq GOATIBS XL— CONTIIfUED. ' Tedious ! Ton are delightful, and thril ling, and pray go on. The rector had the bos opened P' ' On the spot.' 'Well!' '? The bos went to pieces, in spite of all their care. Bat there was no doubt as to its con tents.' Grace exclaimed, enthusiastically. '' A can dle. \Jh, do say a candle ! Mr. Coventry responded, ' It's awfully tem pting ; but I snspect the traditional part of my story is slightly embellished; so the histor ical part must be accurate. What the box did really contain, to my knowledge, was a rush wick, much thicker than they are made now-a days; and this ruBh-wick was impregnated with grease, and even slightly coated with a Bort of brown wafer-like paste. The rector thinks it was a combination of fine dust from the box with the original grease. He shall show it you, if you are curious to see it.' ' Of course we are curious. Oh, Mr. Raby, what a stranga story. And how well he told it.' 'Admirably. We must drink his health.' ' I'll wish it him instead, because I require all my reason just now to understand his story. And I don't understand it, after all. There . you found the candle, and so it is all. true But whatdoes the rector think P' 'Well, he says there are no connection whatever between the rush-wick and ? ' ' Don't tell her what he eaje,' cried Baby, with a sudden fury that made Grace start and open her eyes. *' I know the puppy. He is what is called a divine now-a-days ; but used to be called a sceptic. There never was so infidel an age. Socinus was content to prove tiesus unrist, a man; one Jxcnan Has gone and proved him a Frenchman. Nothing is so gullible as an unbeliever. The right reverend father in God, Cocker, has gnawed away the Old Testament; the Oxford doctors are nibbling away the New : nothing escapes but the Apocrypha : yet these same sceptics believe the impudent lies and monstrous arif.hraetic of gelogy, which babbles abont a million years, a period actually beyond the comprehension of the human intellect ; and takes up a jaw bone, that some sly navvy has transplanted overnight from the churchyard into Lord knows what stratum, fees the navvy, gloats over the bone, and knocks the Bible down with it No Mr. Coventry, your story is a good one. and well told ; don't Let us defile it with the comments of sceptical credulous pedant. Pill your glass, sir. Here's to old religion, old stories, old songs, old houses, old wine old friends, or' (recovering himself with admirable grace) ' to new friends that are to be old ones, ere we die. Come, let the stronger vessel drink, and the weaker vessel sip, and all say together after me, — Well may we all be, HI may we never see, That makes good company, Beneath the i-oof of Baby.' When this rude ryhme had been repeated in choru3, there was a little silence, and the conversation took a somewhat deeper tone. It began through Grace asking Mr. Raby, with all the simplicity of youth, whether he had ever seen any supernatural with his own eyes. ' For instance,' said she, ' this deserted church of yours, that you say the shepherd said he saw on fire — did you see that ?' ' Not I. Indeed, the church is not in sight from here. No. Grace, I never saw anything supernatural : and I am sorry for it, for I laugh at people's notion that a dead man has any power to injure the living : how can a cold wind come from a disembodied spirit ? lam all that a ghost is, and something more : and I only wish I coull call the dead from their eraves : I'd soou have a dozen eentlemen and ladies out of that old churchyavdinto this very room. And, if they would only come, you would see me converse with them as civilly and as calmly as I am doing with you. The fact is, I have some question! to put, which only the dead can answer — passages in the family cor respondence, referring to things I can't make out for the life of me ' ' Oh, Mr. Raby, pray don't talk in this dreadful way, for fear they should be angry and come.' And Grace looked fearfully round over her shoulder. Mr. Raby shook his head ; and here was a dead silence. Mr. Raby broke it rather unexpectedly. ' But said he, gravely, 'if I have seen nothing, I've heard something. Whether it is supernatural, I can't say ; but, at least, it was unaccountable and terrible. I have heard the Gabriel houuds.' Mr. Coventry and Grace looked at oneanother and then inquired, almost in a_breath, what the Gabriel houndB were. ' A strange thing in the air that is said, in these parts, to foretell calamity.' ' Oh dear !' said Grace, ' this is thrilling acrain : Drav tell us.' ' Well, one night I was at Hillsborough on business, and as I walked by the old parish church, a great pack of beagles, in full cry, passed close over my head.' 'Oh!' ?' Yes ;_ they startled me, as I never was startled in my life before. I had never heard of the Gabriel hounds then, and I was stupefied. I think I leaned against the wall there full fire minutes, Tibefore I recovered myself, and went on.' ' Oh dear ! But did anything come of it ?' j ' You shall judge for yourself. I had left a certain house about a hour and a half : there was' trouble in that house, but only of a pecuniary kind. To tell the truth, I came back with some money for them, or rather, I should say, with the promise of it. I found the wife in a swoon : and, wjstairs, her husband lay dead by his own hand.' 'Oh, my poor godpapa '' cried Grace, flinging her arms tenderly round his neck. ?' Ay, my child, and the trouble did not end there. Insult followed ; ingratitude ; and a family feud, which is not healed yet, and never will be — till she and her brat come on their knees to me.' Mr. Raby had no sooner itMr- -od these last words with great heat, then he was angry with himself. ' Ah !' said he, ' the older a man gets, thexWK$aker. Tp think of my mentioning that to you young people !' And he rose and walked about the room in considerable agitation and vexation. _ ' Curse the Gabriel hounds ! It is the first time I have spoken of them since that awful night; it is the last time I ever will speak of them. What they are, God, who made them, knows. Only I pray I may never hear them again, nor any friend of mine.' jsexi morning jaei juence came up to the Hall, and almost the first question Grace .isked her was, whether she had ever heard of the Gabriel hounds.' Jael looked rather puzzled. Grace described tbeuv after Mr. Raby. ' Why, that will be Gabble Retchet.' s;iid Jael. ' I wouldn't talk much about the like, if I was you, Miss.' But Grace persisted, and, at last, extracted f rom'her that sounds had repeatedly been heard in the air at night, as of a pack of bounds in full cry, and that these hounds ran before trou ble. 'But,' said Jael, solemnly, 'they are not hounds at all ; they are the souls of unbap tised children, wandering in the air till theday ot judgment.' This description, however probable, had the effect of making Grace disbelieve the pheno menon altogether, and she showed her incre dulity by humming a little air. But Jael soon stopped that ' Oh Miss pray don't do so. If you sing before breakfast, you'll cry before supper.' At breakfast, Mr. Coventryinvited Miss Car den to go to the top of Cairnhope Peak, and look over four counties. He also told her she could see Bollinghope House, his own place, Tery well from the Peak. Grace assented; and, immediately after breakfast, begged Jael to be in the way to accompany her. She divined, with, feminine quickness, that Mr. Coventry would be rery apt, if he pointed out Bollinghope Honse to her from the top of a mountain, to say, ' Will yon be its mistress ?' but, possibly, she did not wish to be hurried, or it may have been' tonly a mere instinct, an irrational impulse of sclf-defenee, with which the judgment had nothing to do; or perhaps it was simple modesty. Any way. she engaged Jael to be of the party. it was talked of again at luncheon, and tnen Mr. Raby put in a word. ' I hare one stipulation to make, young people, and that is that you go up the cast Bide, and down the same way. It is all safe walking on that side. I shall send you in my four-wheel to the foot of th« hilL and George will wait for you there at the ' Oolley Dog' public house, and bring yon home again.' This was, of course, accepted with thanks, and the four-wheel came round at two o'clock, Jael was Beated in front by the side of George, who droTe ; Mr. Coventry and Grace, behind. He had his fur-cloak to keep his companion warm on returning from the hilL But Mr. Raby, who did nothing by halves, threw in some more wraps, and gave a warm one to Jael; she was a favourite with him, as indeed were fill trie T)i»Tii»Aa They started gaily, and rattled off at a good pace. Before they had got many yards on the high-road, they passed a fir-plantation, .belong- ing to Mr. Raby, and a magpie fluttered out of this, and flew across the road before them. Jael seized the reins, and pulled them so powerfully, she stopped the pony directly. ' Oh, the foul bird ;' she cried, ' turn back ! turn back !' ' What for ?' inquired Mr. Coventry. ' We shall meet with trouble else. One magpie ! and right athwart us too.' ' What nonsense '.' said Grace. ' Nay, nay, it is not ; Squire knows better. Wait just one minute, till! speak to Squire.' She sprang from the carriage with one bound, and, holding up her dress with one hand, ran into the house like a lapwing. 'The good, kind, silly thing!' said Grace Garden. Jael soon fouud Mr. Raby, and told him about the magpie, and begged him to come out and order them back.' But Mr. Raby smiled, and shook his head. ' That won't do. Young ladies and gentlemen of the present day don't believe in omens.' ' But you do know better, sir. I have heard father say you were going into Hillsborough with him one day, and a magpie flew across, and father persuaded you to turn back.' ' That is true ; he was going in to buy some merino sheep, and I to deposit my rents in Carrington's bank. Next day the bank broke. And the merino sheep all died within the year. But how many thousand times does a magpie cross us and nothing come of it ? Come, run away, my good girl, and don't keep them waiting.' Jael obeyed, with a sigh. She went back to her party — they were gone. The carriage was just disappearing round a turn in the road. ^nP lnrilrod nf. if. Tsrifr.li Qma7omftnf qt»i1 otad with anger. It seemed to her a brazen act of bad faith. ' I wouldn't hare believed it of her,' said she, and went back to the house, mortified and grieved. She did not go to Mr. Raby again ; but lie li ippened to catch sight of her about an hour afterwards, and called to her — 'How is this. Jael ? Have you let them go alone, because of a magpie ?' And he looked displeased. ' Nay. sir : she grave me the slip while I went to speak to you for her good; and I call it a dirty trick, saving your presence. I told her, I'd be back in a moment.' [to be cwrnruED.l 