SPIRIT RAPPING, Etc. A correspondent of the Daily News writes , " I do cot think it is generally known- — certainly / I was quite unaware of the fret — that the present / phase of this silly superstition is not the product / of the present generation. Tiie folio wring letter, /' aaaressea to tny great granulate er oy ma ei&er;, r shows fee remarkable similarity which exists on r this matter between the wisdom of our ancestors/ and our own." ; / ' To the Rev. Mr. T , , Hant«. / "Dear Brother, 1 have lately been 4 London very near the Ghosts of Fany- Yes ! I have been among fee BelieverB, / / : could not help beiug, and oftmcg myself fidel ndtwifestaading .1 > . was' so . near the Oh 1 0legy had but:«s -7— r"T Finches, a person of veracity, and fneD T-tpBrttv and Hoiioar could depend on, V wJl0B® -flflfliS; while the following Farce was He was admitted at 10: b'clo&k; one S where he found about 13 more persons, nig1' , _ were revds., the candle was irnme- S ot QU and eilonco deSired. Soon after S diateUP be„an> & scratching, but not in 9 a 8oft .5 One of the clergymen declared 9 wpy." come, & asked if he should ques- 9 the spin Was assented to, & accordingly i 9 tion iw panny are you come? to which one 9 he l8 was given (which you must know is yes, I i-Ttaoota to"0)' M0 J0U wflli?S ?. an8wer s,1.oh 9 A rb I shall pat to you ? It you are give '9 Qf6tl? . :f not give 2 knocks — one knock given. LXnDroceeded with great solemnity to inter- 9 this Female Ghost Are you » spirit P— 9 knock. Are you a good spirit?— One H k Are you in a state of happiness?— One 9 k k Are you in a state of progressive happi- 9 . T mean by that an increasing happiness ?— n®88 ' „t Are you troubled in mind ? — One I ?e„t Have you injutad _any one ? Two 9 Ha9 Mr. Parsons injured you? Two n0C ' «-aB his wife ? — Two knocks. Did you die j Unnatural death ? Two knocks. Some persons 9 n U - Lftvino heard that the Ghost came to reveal I Cheine poysoned, was surprised at the answer to lu 2 Query, but the Parson gravely eaid it I was bis && in not Btating the Question right; f ,wefore would ask it again. Parson— Did I nu Die a natural death P— Spirit gave two 9 nS Was vou poison'd ?-One knock. Was v L Tea or Purl ?-Knocked for Purl. ?Ln . ':l. nnir 9— Gave ten knocks. How many quarters after?-Two knocks. Some per- H said the Ghost was again out, for that it gave I three quarters by St Sepulcre's chimes ; the reve- I tsnd Gentleman answered that clocks might be 9 LnHr but by real time the spirit might 9 /ight He then pursued his Interoga- H H0n Can I be of any service to you ?— One knock. Would it appear that you died bv poyson if your corps was taken up?— One H knaok yes Would it give you satisfaction if Mr. £ «. hwged ?-WiU yo« appear in a court H nf iustice if be sbould be prosecuted?— Yes, one 9 ? J v, jfl there no one here that comes to Mff?—Fo. Do present come with a serious ffii ind ?— Yes. Sow many clergymen are in the H room?— One knock. Parson— What, only one knock ? Then two knocks. Some observed there wa« three clergymen in the room, to which the B Parson judiciously observed that the third was a j B itraoger and not in Canonical habit. Then j B Mrs. Frenches friend asked if it could j 9 11 ' the coulour of the areenick by 1 B which it was poisoned ? — One knock, yes. H ijaj ft Bed arsenick ? — Yes. Torn. . . . B Now I am convinced of the imposture for red B arsenick has not the least poisonous quality in B tie white. I appeal to a physician present for my assertion. This was excused how should V a woman know such nice distinctions as is the colour. Mrs. Frenches friend — Pray Gentlemen I how does she know that she took arsenick at all ? she declared she lived but 3 hours after B taking it. Its plain she did not know the taste I or she would not have taken it. Upon this I much altercation ensued, at which the spirit I shewd great anger by scratching II I was much pleased with one clergyman who Bayd I it was a Lying spirit. . . . I am Dear Brother j I Your Affectionate Sister. R. T. I I "Feby. 16th, 1762." 