ONLY A GHOST. BY iBENiEUS TIIE DEACON. CnAPTEE III. 'THE POPULAE PBEACnEB.' These was a great crowd within St. Timothy s Church, and many stood iu tho centro passage and in the doorway. 'Except the mero fact of this standing crowd I could not eeo anything that tho lerfbt reminded mo of Holy Cross Church. At Iho end of the building, where in my day tho altar would havo stood, I saw 0 hif.h wooden rostrum from which a grave, thin, '. yellow- looking person proached. Ho was clothed in 11 mourning garment of solomn black. ' Is '. ho doing ponance for tho sins of tho people?' \; said I to rioodle. What are you thinking ol r ho answered, ' tho ponanco is, I should say, on tho side of those who iiston.' Tho faithful hero wero shut four or fivo togethor botween. vory high walls, I supposed ttey wero tho wooden walls of old England which I had hoard of sinco I had beon iu London. Boodle told mo tho service began later at St. Timothy's than, at St. Silas's, and that tho sermon from tho Rev. Ebonozor Growlor was quito tho thing to hear. Tho proucher was exciting himself in a manner which did my heart good to see, for I thought such earnestness could not fail to hit the mark. ' Listen 1' said Boodle, ' quite a burst of olo quonco.' And the preacher thumped tho cushion in front of him, balanced himself on. his toes, and shouted — ? ' Take hoed, brethren, of superstition ! above all of that now heresy called Ritualism. Re ; member we havo no priesthood, no sacrifice.' 'Good heavens,' I whispered ' to Boodle,. ' ' does he not remomber what the blessed An drew said nhon taken before the Roman Pre fect.- ...' 'Blessed fiddlestick!' replied Boodle, 'you. don't suppose a popular preacher has time to read anything, do you?' N I wab amazed. I listened with Bhuddering framo lo an elaborate disproof of what we at Holy Cross useS to call the Catholic Faith. Wo were exhorted by Mr. Growler not to attend 'church excopt on tho Sabbath ; not to believe in absolution; not to bolicve in the priesthood; not to believe in times and seasons; not to esteem one duy more than another ; but above all lo be awaro of certain churche3 which. ho named in full. As we came out, after three quarters of an hour of this wonderful performance, I said, ' Aro Iho objectionable churches! tenanted by Gnostics?' Ajy niiutl emu .uuimtv. - ' By adherents of the Gnostic heresy ?' ' I never heard of that heresy. Wo've plonty hero, but none of that name, that I know- of, at least.' :''?'?'?' 'Tell me,' I asked, 'aro theso peoplo. super- stiliously devoted to the priesthood ? Do they throng to tho churches to confess their sim boforo tho whole congregation ? Do they crowd inconveniently to tho Eervices so that their duties in the world are seriously hindored ?' ' My dear fellow, it's all you can do to get them to come to church once a week.' ' Thon why did he preach to them as if they wero never out of it ?'?' ' Because that sort of thing goes down. The peoplo haven't the slightest intention of honour ing the priesthood, or of flocking to theohurches, or of giving alms, or of beautifying God's House, and so the Rev. Ebenezer preaches up the holi ness of ugliness and the filthiuessof good works, and the people love to have it so, and he is asked to threo dinner* every night of the week.' ' But he told them it was enough to keep the Sabbath, und yet they were keeping tho Lord's Day. Now the primitive Christians kept both for a long time, but by degrees left off the Jewish Sabbath. His language was a little confused.' 'Don't be alurmed,' 6aid Boodle, 'wo haven't tho slightest intention of keeping two Sundays a week, one is qnito enough. When he said tho Sabbath, he meant tho Lord's Day.' ' When ho said Saturday, ho meant Suuday. Very well, I shall know another time,' I meekly remarked. ? ? Just then I saw floating close to me the shadow of the Rev. Edward Starch. ' Perfectly disgusting ! was it not ?' muttered the ghost. ' I am not sure it was more so than your pet Borvicc at St. Silas's,' 1 replied. 'Why so,' calmly inquired the ghost. ' Because there tho preacher took certain truths for granted, but did not act on them. There was the appearance, but not tho reality. Ho 'exhorted us to attend tho Eucharist, and , then sent us away without it. Now Iho proneher at- St. Timothy'B told us that thero was nothing in anything, and pave us nothing. St. Cyril would be very much astonished at both of them.' 'Humph!' said the ghost, and quietly flouted awuy. Now this dialogue being spoken inspirit language; was utterly inaudible to my 'friend Boodle ; he merely thought I was looking up to eeo if it were going to ruin. ' But tell me,' I continued, as we walked along the struct, ' What have tho church done which excited Mr. G/rowler's wrath to that enormous pitch?' 'St. Child's and St. Thurstan's and St. Etholbert's and tho others ? Oh nothing that 2' can understand. ; As' far as 2' know they have kept exactly to the' directions of the Book of Common Prayer, and when there wore no direc tions they havo tried to 'find out what wus done at the limetho Book was compiled.' 'Thut does not sound very bad. But of courso Mr. Growler ie very particular in follow ing tho directions of some suporior authority, as he is so anxious lo make others take olfeuoe ~ at the brethern.' ' Not at all. He does tho whole thing in his' own way, taking what he pleases and leaving out what ho pUmses ; but people don't mind it becaueo it gives them vory littlo trouble, and thoy como out pretty much tho same as when they went iu. Now the mau at St.. Chad's is always worrying about fasting and praying and. ? confessing your sins and the like, and peoplo get no peace of their livos with his bolhor.' 'That sounds more liko Holy Cross,'.' thought I. ' He is such u nuisance that Growler has set two fellows to watch him to Beo if ho does ' anything uctionable ; be might bend his knee hulf an inch too low or have too uiuny things on the altar, and then Growlor would havo ? him up before the justices hi .11 jiffy.' ' Then tho persecution hero bas not yet ended ? ' I said, my spirits rising at tho pros pect of.somethiug liko primitivo Christianity. ' You still hear the Pttgau ory, ' To tho lioift with tho Christians.'' ' . . ' Something like it ; but the curious part of it is that instead of a Pagan ory, it is now a Christian cry, and instead of tho lious, it id tho lion and Iho unicorn. 'But come to mo next Sunday aud L will show you what goes on at St. Chad's.' ' ' The kindly Boodle turned the comer, waving his baud to me'; and again I saw the shadoof tho Rev. Edward Starch. ' 'You won't like St. Chad's at all,' said lie,' - ': I wouldn't go there if I were you. It's not in the least liko anything Charles the First saw, or Laud, or Bancroft. ? It's not in the least liko tho interior of BiBhop Andrew's Chapel, in tho „, -?,«£ Hiernrgia Anglicunu. It's not in the least liko *-*&£:* St. Goorgo's Chapel, .Windsor, or St. James's, , '' ''*' Piccadilly.' ' But my dear ghost,' I replied, ' you forgot I hare nothing to do with either. I go back far buyond two hundred or evon three hundred years. I am looking for primitive Christianity, such as I remomber it iu the dayB of the blessed Cyril.' Tho ghost shook his head eadly. ?' If you're wIbo,' said he,, 'you'll koep to the ubo of the last threo hundred years.' . ' My 300 years are as good'ns yours' said I rather cantankerously, I must own, considering -- ', thatl wob 'a ghost of 1620 years Btanding. , \\. ' „ '' . ' (To be continued.) '?'' '?' ' 