OUR MINERAL RESOURCES. The report of Mr. Ulrich as to the mineral resources of the country lying within 250 miles north of Fort Augusta is not a very satisfactory document. 'We have no doubt that its main feature will be regarded with interest by the lessees of the properties fully described; but we were not led to look for what appears to be a collection of mining captains' reports on private undertakings. Paternally as Government might be disposed to act towards any body of Crown tenants it could hardly be expected to furnish and pay for the raw material of prospectuses. Except in its greater elaboration and the copious use of scientific terms, in a liking for which our visitor puts to shame all the Cornish writers whose literary efforts have been brought to bear on the subject, the report adds little to previous information on the subject. The greater portion of it is devoted to a description of alienated mineral sections, at work or otherwise. Out of twenty-one properties thus referred to the underground workings of about one-half could not be inspected owing to their being full of water or in other ways inaccessible ; and as most of the particulars respecting these is avowedly obtained from, mining captains or others interested, less advantage r is secured from Mr, Ulrica's special know ledge than if his opportunities had been more complete. It is not our intention to reproduce these local descriptions, but simply to examine the conclusions at which Mr. Ulrich has arrived as the result of his visit. An account, of a flying inspection of our recognised gold districts, though this was not included in Jhe original programme, is perhaps the most valuable portion of tKevwhole, but we lhallj ?efer to that later on. As might be'sup- wsed, Mr. . Ulrich ' finds that ' the mines in ;he North may be divided into three classes : ihcse whose prospects are not favourable; ihose in which they are encouraging only ; tod those which present every; appearance of being good and permanent mines. Or, in perhaps equally intelligible but more fami liar words, there are goody bjftil, j and indifferent. Still, from what is 'seen, Mad from the fact of no systematic prospecting ef the country having taken place, it is considered that there is ; ' ! clear evidence of the rich general distribution' of copper ore throughout the North, and that if such prospecting was undertaken discoveries . of equal or, greater importance than jthose. already made might be anticipated, lit is' pointed out that from the bare nature of the. country great facilities are afforded to. the explorer, who is recommended to pay par ticular attention to the outcrops of brown iron ore, such often representing only the caps of large copper lodes or deposits. As a counterpoise to the undoubtedly rich mineral character of the districts under review ithree serious drawbacks are referred to. To quote from the report itself on this important branch of the subject :— ? 'The country labours under three great defects, which render the progress and success of mining enterprise rather doubtful. These are, scarcity of mining timber and water; and,. as the most serious one, expensive and difficult communication with the seaboard. The re medying of the latter would, in a great measure, however, tend to obviate the two former, for timber could then be more easily and cheaply procured, whilst if tke cost of transport of ore or metal to the seaboard be reduced the working of the mines below the water-level and erection of pumping machinery might profitably be undertaken, and thereby the desideratum ensured necessary for dressing up to a payable standard the poorer kinds of ore, which are at present comparatively value less and neglected. ' As to the general geological description nd physical aspect of the country, Mr. Jlrich refers his readers to the reports of ur own Surveyor-General, Mr. Goyder, and f Mr. Selwyn, with whose general views on he subject he expresses agreement. The ntire absence of organic remains, however, trevented his satisfying himself as to the irecise geological age of the extensive eries of unaltered sedimentary rocks, which are described as showing on the whole a emarkable uniformity in lithological cha acter, and which are assigned to one of the ilder epochs of palaeozoic period— prebably o the lower silurian. On anotheri mportant practical point— the wssibility or otherwise of coal being dis lovered in the North— Mr. Ulrich says deci ively:— . .^ 'There is evidently no hope of the existence if coal seams in these strata— a defect which -recludes also the probability of ever working )rolitably the rich iron ores which occur in many jarts of the country in such marvellous abun lance. As regards the occurrence of deposits )f other ores, I think there is, from known ndications, fair chance for bismuth aad lead, though the latter would hardly be profitable to work except it proved to 'be richly argen tiferous.' ? Before quitting the North we should draw attention to the strong opinion expressed of the existence of payable gold in these out lying districts. Local observations, sub sequently confirmed by his visits to Ulooloo md Blumberg, seem to have led to this, belief, which, if a correct one, would have in important bearing on the general ques ions of mining and communication in ihe North for the future. A strong esemblance to some of the gold-fields )f the Ural is observed in the STudanamutana and surrounding districts. there is nothing whatever in the geological 'ormations to negative the probability of the existence of gold, and the presence of favour able intrusive rocks leads directly to sup port the hypothesis that it is to be found in ihe locality. Referring to the latter, the re port says :— ' The greenstone more especially lught to receive the attention of the pro spector, for the reason that in Victoria most lykes of this rock are traversed by auriferous quartz veins; in fact some of the richest gold mines— for instance, the Long Tunnel, Wai halla, Hope, Wood's Point, &c.; —are working 3uch dykes.' The frequent presence of gold in copper pyrites suggests that trials should be made in all mines where this ore abounds to ascertain whether it partakes of an auriferous character or not. The whole belt of rangy country north of the main chain— stretching from west of the Yudana mutana Mines towards the Freeling heights is described as presenting especially favour able prospects for the discovery of deposits of copper ore and perhaps also of gold. Alluding to the mineral districts nearer home, Mr. Ulrich notes the significance of the discovery of gold at Ulooloo, tha^ locality 'forming part of the extensive northern mountain region, considered and proved favourable for -opper ore, but in which the existence of gUd was altogether doubted.' The geological features of this field are stated to be undistinguishable from those met with several hundred miles further northward. Ihe operations are at present mostly con fined to an extent of about a mile in length of a dry main branch of the Ulooloo Creek, but there seems no reason to suppose that the adjacent creeks and branches are not equally favoured. The gold is 'coarse and solid, frequently even nuggetty in character, and resembles somewhat that of Daisy Hill, in 'Victoria.' The scarcity of water -is .a serious drawback to , the success of the diggers during the dry season, and the dis covery of the reefs— undoubtedly close at hand— from which the drift gold has been derived is urged as affording j its main hope for permanency. Timber ! is plentiful in the neighbourhood. The Blumberg gold-field ? is spoken of in very encouraging terms a3 affording a highly promising prospect for both the alluvial and quartz miner. The gold is well dis. tributed, probably in the line of a zone of auriferous quartz reefs, of which the German and Criterion and other reefs form part. Numbers of gullies of a most hopeful character are untouched, and the whole district is described as only 'requiring a [ rush of enterprising misers for its develop intat.' ^BarosM^Jupiter, anfr;Echnnga;arej described in defeat 'and interesting* Euggea-' tions offered as to, errors in judgment on the part of many~of~those engaged in i their development.. Hints of * a practical kind are also thrown 'out where defective machinery! has beenr adopted for the extraction of the. preciousmetal from quartz,' wiichno doubt will receive attention ' from the persons specially concerned. ' .1' ?'? = » * 1 On the' whole theportion of the report refer . ring to our gold-producing districts strikes us as being of great general utility and value, and we cordially invite the attention of capitalists to its i consideration. - 'While fully alive to the desirability of our great copper deposits in the Far North being made available,1 we are unable to see that the. document we -have been referring , to assists much in furthering that i object; -. , The question, of its .'mineral wealth', is;' lefif pretty nearrywhere it was before,' anil in justice to Mr. ; Ulrich we must confess that under the circumstances no Tother result could have beehanticipated. The amount voted, £300— which Jby the way is to bVsupplemented to tiie extent of £150— was utterly inadequate for such an inspection of the Northern country as would afford material for an ex haustive and really useful report. Gold-Field Regulations.— We are informed, that much of the dissatisfaction arising in the Echunga District .with respect to the decisions of the Gold- Fields Warden is due to conflicts between the old Echunga diggers and the uew arrivals from Barossa as to the reading of the regulations. Provision is made . in the Act for an appeal to the nearest Local Court from the findings ef the Warden. r . ? : Stow Church. —The anniversary services were held in this church on April 21. In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe discoursed from Acts ix. 31— 'Then had the Churches rest* throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified, and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied.' At night the pastor, the Rev. C. B. Byrnes, B.A., took his text from Peter, chap, il 3 — ' According as His divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of Him that hath called us to glory and virtue.' The usual meetings will be held on Tuesday. DraperMemorialChurch.— The anniversary services of this church were held on Sunday, April 21. The Rev. Hans Mack, from Tasmania, officiated in the morning, preaching from Ephesians iii. 15 — 'Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth ars named.' The Rev. W. P. Wells, of Prince Alfred College, preached in the evening from Psalm viii. 3, 4, and 5— 'When 1 consider Thy heavens, the work of Thy fingers, the moon and th-s stars which Thou hast ordained ; what is . man that Thou art mindful of him, and the son. of man that Thou visitest him? _ For .Thou has made, him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned Him with glory and honour.' The building wa3 well filled on both occasions, and the sermons were marked by deep; thought, rare eloquence,' and chaste language. A tea and public meeting will be held this evening, the Kev, W.L. Binks presiding. The proceedings are to consist of addresses and select music. The Portonian.-— This petite paper's latest issue is accompanied by a cartoon representing the habitues of the theatre during, the opera season, **in various characteristic attitudes. Many faces and figures are distinctly rscog nisable by 'well-known peculiarities amusingly caricatured. Brief inscriptions '? am placed ,under each picture to help the imagination. \- ? Clare Races.— We are requested to remind the sporting community that the entries for various events at the Northern Race Meeting will close this day in terms of the advertisement in our issue of the 19th inst. Narrow Escape. —The local Herald mentions that as a party of miners were going down the tiinriol of +lio Tfaramii'j ATino nn YVnrinnorlmr they, hearing the trucks coming, ran to gat out of .the way, when, two of. their number fell. The third ran on ' and pulled the signal wire, which was responded to just in time to prevent the trucks striking the men. ? ? Cricket Challenge.— With regard to the statement in the . Adelaide telegrams, that the challenge of Wills, Cosstick, and Conway had been declined by the Adelaide players,; Mr. Conway writes to the Daily Telegraph to say that he never heard of the challenge, and if he had been asked to join in sending a challenge to Adelaide he would not have -consented; and that, so far as ho is concerned, the thing is a, mistake. . - Roman Catholic Items;— The Very Rov. P. Byrne, .late of Salisbury, has been appointed senior priest, at West-terrace; the Rev. Theo dore Bongaerts has taken charge o'Fthe North Adelaide Mission; the Rev. R. Cleary has gone to Mount Gambier as assistant priest, to Dean Fitzgibbon; and the Rev. P. Moore has been removed from Marrabel to West- terrace. The Harp, which states the foregoing, also writes : — 'It would seem that-a certain portion of the Catholic public of Adelaide have lately been seized with a mania for memorializing. Besides the memorials addressed to the Archbishop in re Fathers Horan and Nowlan, of which notices have appeared in the daily papers, we are credibly informed that certain persans, with more zeal than discretion, have recently been canvassing for signatures to a document addressed to the Yerv ^e.v# Father Reynolds,- 'requesting him to withdraw his patronage from the Irish Harp and the Catholic Book- Depot, and to remove Mr. Hewett from the lucrative post of collector at the door of the Cathedral. The memorial,we understand, was presented^ at West-terrace on Wednesday evening-j but with what result has not transpired. If the domestics should happen to be in want of fire paper, its arrival -will doubtless be welcomed by them, whatever the Administrator may rthink of its. contents as opportune.' The -Guardian of Kapunda tells that on account of the action taken by the Irish Harp in con nection with the Rev. Father Horan, on Saturday night week 'a number of Irishmen assembled 'on the top of the Bald Hill, and gave expression to their, indignation by consigning an effigy of the Editor to the flames; and with a good supply of inflammable matter, amidst the by no means good wishes of those assembled, the imitation ei Mr. Fox was speedily reduced to ashes.' The same provincial paper says— 'We hear that ' during the week th6 Key, J, J, Roche tendered his resignation of t his mission and Ids diocesan . Unities to the Administrator of the diocese. «rhich Father Reynolds declined to receive. Our Roman Catholic friends will be glad to learn, therefore, that they wfll not also be deprived of Father Roche's ministry. We are also informed that the laraje number of signatures obtained to the memorial to Archbishop Polding, asking for the restoration of Father Horan to this mission, were obtained in twodays, and that had more time been available it would have been much more extensively signed,' .Messrs. McMeckan & Cp.'a Steam Fleet. — In our business columns will be found the pro spectus of a proposed maritime proprietary, to be called the 'South Pacific Steam Navigation Company,' whose object will be to buy the fleet of steamers owned by Messrs. McMeckan, Black wood, & Co., and trading between Melbourne and the various Australian and New Zealand Ports. Messrs. McMeckan & Co., who are about to retire, offer their property, including goodwill, premises, and stores, for £165,000, anS the capital required to float the concern is £200,000. This sum it is proposed to raise by 20,000 shares of £10, on which £6 will at once be called, and in addition debentures for £50,000, bearing 6 per cent, interest will be issued. Messrs. McMeckan & Blackwood are willing to take £50,000 in shares, or £30,000 in shares and £20,000 in debentures. It is estimated thatthe net earnings of the steamers will amount to at least. £38,000 per annum, which will give a yearly return, after paying interest, insurance, and other charges, of 15 per cent, per annum on the capital.- i r A Stf akb Iijcipeht.— A few days ago (accprd fcg to Mm Giiardian) Henry ^Bartholomew, iii the employ of Mr. P. Hynes, of Blumberg, when working- in a quarry threw down his coat near^ but later, in the day. on leaving he took it up and carried it on his arm for about a mile and a half, and when he got home laid it down again to attend to' something. . Scarcely more than a minute afterwards he lifted the coat to put ^it,«nj, when he found a black snake, four/ f0et six inches long, in one sleeve. Bartnolomew (jiuetly shook out ; his snakeship on to the kitchen floor. The inmates bolted, but Bartholor .mew stuck to tbe reptile until it was killed. . TRA'WLiKG.-f With praiseworthy zeal Mr. F. G. Waterhouse, the Curator ol the Adelaide Museum, sailed again on Friday with a view of testing 'the fishing-ground near Port Gawler; ?The night was spent in the Gulf, and' on Satur day morning two or three rich hauls quite 'repaid the Curator for his troubled ; A strong .breeze sprung up and the head of the cutter's mast was carried, away/ consequently 'he wai compelled to. ^return to the jetty -to repair the damages. . : '. ?' Vehicle AcOdesx— On : Saturday Williauv Beresford, aged six years, was knocked down and run over by a vegetable cart in Wrightr street. His skull was slightly fractured and a flesh wound inflicted in his leg. He was taken to tie Adelaide Hospital, and is progressing favourably. , : - ' ':.''. Magill Baptist Church.— The anniversary tea and public meetings of this church will be held in the chapel this evening. . Boiler for BLraMAN.— The Bunyip tells us that a boiler of huge dimensions passed through Gawler on Friday, having been transported from Mr. RounsevelTs saw-mill, Mount Crawford, en route for Port Adelaide, whence it will go to Port Augusta, eu route for the Blinman Mine. The machinery .connected with the boiler accom panied it in a couple of wagons. ?'???' Mr. Trollope at the Peninsula Mines.— The Wallaroo paper writes:— 'On Wednes day evening Mr. Anthony Trollope, accompanied by the Hon. Thos. Elder, arrived at the Cornu copia Hotel, Port Wallaroo. On Thursday he visited the Moonta Mines, and, as in the case of every intelligent visitor to the Peninsula, was much impressed with the prosperity indicated on every hand, and with the prospect, almost amounting to . a certainty, that the great mining interest here located is yet in but its infancy. On Friday he visited the Wallaroo Mines and the Doora, again finding testimony that the Peninsula has an important destiny before it. During his stay at Wallaroo he looked over the Smelting Works, &c.; It was his intention to leave for town on Saturday morning, but as his stay is likely to be pro tracted in the colony for several months it is possible that we may again have the pleasure of seeing him on the Peninsula. The Queens landers objected in some instances to the out spoken reports in which their distinguished visitor sketched some of their deficiencies that had come under his ken. We do not apprehend that Peninsula men will wait with any anxiety to read what may be said of their district. Mr. Trollope has but to record what he sees and the result will be certain to give satisfaction.' The 'Victorian Wheat Yield.— The Austra lasian thus refers to a series of harvest reports obtained frcm correspondents in various parts of Victoria : — ' An analysis of the eighty-four reports in which returns of the wheat are given discloses the unwelcome fact of 46 districts having yields 'much under average.' The column 'under average' has also the large number of 24 occupants, only 13 being stated as of 'average' amount, ose- ' slightly over,' and not a single return being, found under 'the heading 'much over.' In analyzing the areas in a similar way we find 50 returns in which no change has been made, 5 in which the area has been slightly decreased, and 10 in which it has been greatly so. On the ; opposite side we find 16 returns of increased area, and in 3 more the augmentation is very considerable. In referring again to the columns relating to the yield, we note the paucity, as compared with the returns of last year, of yields of average goodness. There are but 13 altogether,- viz., 5 in the County of Talbot, 3 in Villiers, 1 in Ripon, which also boasts the only one ' much overf 1 also in Hampden and Gipps Land, and 2 in Bendigo County.- ' Taking the' column for yields * under average,' Dalhousie, Bourke, and the Lodden each claims 2 ; Gipps Land, Heytesburyj the Murray, and Mornington have 1 each, Ripon 3, and Talbot 11.' In the next and worst column Bourke claims pre- eminence with- 11, Talbot follows with 7, the .Murray and Dalhousie have 6 apiece, Evelyn 5, Mornington 4,- Grant % and the following 1 each, viz. :— Anglesey, Bourke and Evelyn, Gladstone, the Loddon, and Ripon; The suggested causes of failure are as various as the headings under which the returns have been classified. In most cases fallowing is credited with the production of good crops ; in one, how ever, at Joyce's Creek, 'on some of the fallowed, late-sown' land, there- was some rust.' In other cases the best crops are on new land, but on Phillip Island wheat was not much sown because the. land was uew.; The- quality, however, is spoken highly of in what may be. termed the Ballarat District proper, as well as on the Leddon and in the North-Eastern districts.' Our contemporary sums up in the following indefinite terms : — ' Without additional data from the extensive agricultural areas that have come under the plough for the first time this season, it would be impossible to offer anything but the merest guess. On carefully perusing the whole of our correspondent's reports our readers will probably be disposed with us to anticipate an average of from 12 to 14 bushels an acre. Let us hope that Mr. Archer's ap proximate statistics, which should by this time be published, will prove that we have taken too sombre a view of the agricultural position.' The National Thanksgiving in London.— The American papers have the following tele grams under date February 27:— 'Tho celebra tion in honour of the recovery of the Prince of Wales was of the grandest character. The pro cession commenced from Buckingham Palace at half-past 11 in the morniDg. As the Queen left the palace the voices of 30,000 children sang the National Anthem. The services in St. Paul's Cathedral consisted in singing a grand Te Deum chorus written for the occa sion from' the ; 115th Psalm, followed by the reading of prayers and a sermon by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Fifty seats in the Cathedral were set apart for working men, free of expense, at the special request of the Queen. The choir was composed of picked . singers from the various royal chapels. At the conclusion of the religious services the procession was formed again, and moved west ward. The whole route to the cathedral was seven miles in length, and the procession was four hours in position. The Emperor Napoleon and party were present at a house in Oxford street, though they had been invited to the Army and Navy Club, of which institution the ex-Emperor is. a member. . Tha decorations surpassed everything ever known. Miles were given out on contract to be, ornamented at: Sie expense of the metropolis. At' the corner of Farringdon-stree£ a splendid, triumphal areh was erected^ which cost £4,000. ' Another, hardly less splendid, spanned Oxford-street. Flags, festoons, and tape3try wreaths of every conceivable character were displayed from house to house, ? also from the windows and across the streets, presenting a perfect wilder ness of scarlet 'and blue cloth, gold fringe, and gorgeous decorations. The best estimates place the , number of spectators at 4,000,000. There were 11,000 troops, besides the London police force, keeping the streets clear along the entire route. ' Strong fences had been erected, and there were besides three double lines of police to keep the crowd from obstruct ing the procession. .Every shop arid house along the route brought a fabulous rental for seats. Ordinary four-story buildings were let for £100 for the day ; one vacant . space brought £400. The- western front and entire dome of St. Paul's was iUuminated at night with ship lanterns and the lime light. The Bank of England, club houses, and all public buildings, as well as the shops of purveyors by appointment, were illuminated. . The streets through which the procession passed were illu minated with parti-coloured lanterns along the entire route. The illuminations will be repeated to-morrow night.' A message dated February 27, midnight, mentions that ' several serious accidents happened. One man was crushed to death in Trafalgar-square, and numbers of people were more or less injured. ?. Two stands,' each containing 150 persons, fell, and many we badly bniged.' =' - - i ;-_.??-.?-? r :- ' ? - .'.I'- ?:/:?'. ,'-. ?:? Thb ^Trans-Continental Railway. — The ? Argvi, linja leader upon this scheme, remarks that ' The enterprise of the South Australians appears to be in inverse proportion to their numbers.' Nothing dauated' by the difficulties they have experienced in carrying . out: their great telegraphic enterprise, they aro already agitating the question of a railroad across the continent.' After describing the project 'and the effects expected by its promoters to flow from it, our contemporary s'ays :— ' ? A little con sideration will show that some ef the promised advantages are never likely to be realized. Whenever the trade between these southern colonies and the East increases, it must neces sarily be by sea, owing to tho comparative cheapness of water carriage. : It would hardly be wise to send flour from Adelaide, or Melbourne to Port Darwin by rail for shipment thence, in stead of putting it on board at; the place of pro duction. Time would 'be sated, of, course, 'but at a cost which very .few godds could bear. '?'. '.'' Then, again,, immigration would never follow such an expensive route. The journey across Australia alone would probably amount to as mucli as is now paid for a steerage passage' from England. ' Although we do not think that either Victoria or New South Wales, or even South Australia itself, would reap much benefit at present from the constructipn of such a line viewed as a channel of communication for trade, there is little doubt thatthe latter colony would be benefited by the increase in her popu lation, and by the stimulus it would. give to settlement throughout those large portions of her territory which are now lying idle. But before consenting to alienate the vast tract of country asked for, very strict stipulations would have to be made concerning the number of immigrants to be introduced. Without settle ment the line would be nearly useless; As it is, it could not be expected to pay its working expenses for years, and there would therefore be a charge on the land. . But without population the land would yield nothing. This point de mands, then, the most attentive consideration before the South Australian Government com mits itself to the scheme. Properly conducted, this great enterprise might be made the means of promoting the prosperity and progress of the sister province to an extent beyond the utmost expectations of its originators ; but any failure to appreciate before starting tho conditions under which alone the undertaking can prove a success, would certainly entail neavy loss on the colony, and eover Australian statesmanship with shame.' The Australasian alludes to the scheme 'as one that has been thought out in a business-Uko manner, and that at any rate It is not tho wild, baseless speculation it was at first considered.' In its letter home the samo paper remarks:— ' Inthesedays, when the American continent has been crossed by a railway that seems likelysoon to have parallel ones by its side, when a railway to India is seriously discussed, when tho Alps have been pierced, and it is contemplated to tunnel under the Straits of Dover, there seems lothingdiffieulttpthe imagination to csnceive l journey by a rail through the vast interior of Australia, where, amidst its immense solitary wastes, gallant explorers were encountering lardships and difficulties, and heroically spend ng their lives in the cause of discovery only a few years ago. An Outside View op South Australian Politics.— 'That is not altogether a pleasant pro&peet; for the South Australians which is laid before them in the Treasurer's budget speech,' oomments the Australasian, 'Political life in that colony has long been in a most disorganised state. Ministry has succeeded Ministry, and has again fallen to make room for its successor, and all the time no public question, no great political principle, has caused these changes which have been brought apparently by mere personal considerations. Politics in that colony have degenerated, so far as outsiders can judge, into an undisguised struggle for office, in pur suit of which all general questions of public policy have been lost sight of. And now that Parliamentary business has been re sumed it has fallen to the lot of tho Treasurer to have to lay a very unpleasant financial statement before the country. His budget speech shows that the estimated revenue and expenditure for the year will leave an unfavourable balance of £94,627. This defi ciency he proposes should be made up by the issue of exchequer bills, and he warned Parlia ment that if it consented to any addition to the expenditure it must be prepared to add to the burdens 'of taxation. It is to be hoped that public affairs in South Australia1 will assume a steadiness rthey have not for some time pos sessed, and that its representatives, abandoning the dissensions which have so long impeded the work of legislation, will now with a common spirit apply themselves to' the task of endea vouring to improve the financial position of the country.' The paragraph so nearly represents what has been the state of politics in South Australia that fault can' hardly be found with it. We believe, however, that wo pro justified in assuring anxious friends at a distance that the Parliament has at length turned over a new leaf. Sporting. — At the settling on Thursday night for the Yorke's Peninsula Races Mr. W. Ward, the Secretary, stated that £170 had been received, and after payment of all claims a credit baiance would remain. Fat Beef. — There was exhibited the other day, by Mr. H. Packer, of North Adelaide, a fine bullock weighing nearly 1,300 lbs. The beast was bred by Mr. J. H. Angas, and at tracted the attention of a large number of people. The animal was purely grass-fed, and was one of five that took the first prize at the October Show. Stud Sheep.— The Hohart Town Mercury learns that ' New Zealand and South Australia are about to receive a valuable addition to their stock of sheep selected from some of the choicest stud sheep to be met with in Tasmania. The recent sale at tho estate of the late Mr. R. Q. Kermode, of Mona Vale, attracted to it Mr. Thomas Dowling, of Canterbury, New Zealand, who was one of the principal buyers of the famed stock of Mr. Kermode, whose judgment in the selection of the best breeds was so gene rally recognised throughout these colonies. Mr. Dowling paid as much as £30 for combing lambs. Mr. C. Dowling, from Victoria, and Mr. Riddoch, from. South Australia, also attended the sale. The latter gentleman was another large pnrchaser, paying from £29 downwards.' We. have already announced the arrival of Mr, Riddoch's sheep in the South- East. Gossip.— In the Melbourne Leader lately the subjoined story appeared:— 'A somewhat sen sational domestic drama has recently been played in one of the suburbs. A lady of mature age, whose husband has also attained a time of life at which ' the heyday in the blood is tame' (or ought to be), has suddenly discovered that their governess holds the written promise of the head of the house to marry her when his first wife has shuffled off this mortal coil, together with his promissory-note for £500, payable on demand. Explanation was impossible; the ser vices of the young woman were dispensed with, and she was packed off to the house with her mother. But the old lady had a keen eye to the main chance, and she at once requested her solicitor to try the worth of the piomissory note. The elderly Lothario may have behaved very badlj, but what with his wife, his late governess, and her mamma, he is likely to have rather a rough time of it. Of course the fair plaintiff is not anxious to get any money; she is only desirous of clearing her reputation, which ill-natured people have been throwing a little mud over.' [From Saturday's Evening Journal.} Mr. W. Duffield, J.P.— We are sorry to learn that early on Friday morning Mr. W. Duffield, J.P., of Gawler, was seized with a fit of partial paralyse in the right side, which affected the organs of speech. Dr. Campbell left Adelaide on Friday afternoon, and remained during the night with Mr. Duffield, who is^ we are glad to say. much improved this morning. Dr. Campbell visits him again to-day. Losson Missionary Society.— The Rev. J. P. Sunderland, the Australian Agent for this Society, is shortly expected to arrive from Melbourne. ; The Fish Trade.— An endeavour is being made to supply Gawler regularly with fresh fish by means of a small Company. Alleged Forgery.— At the Gawler Police Court on Friday, a man with several aliases, but I known as Wilson, was charged with having forged the name of Richard Holland to a cheque with'the intent to defraud T. O. Jones, J.P. The prisoner was remanded for eight days. 