ENGLISH EXTIt ACTS', ' . (FROM OUR OWN FILES.) .-'• Mr Charles Cowper's Speecli-at the Verdon Dintierl THE Earl of.Kimberley next briefly-proposed the " Agents-General ,of the Colonies." H« -thought it was very defiirable both for the color ,nies jand the .mother country that the former should be ably represented in this" ? cbnhtTyI (Cheers,),. • _ ; i , v:. The Hon. Charles Cowper, Agent-General for New South Wale's.'in"responding', said: Your - Royal Highness, my Lords.-and Gentlemen,— It seems to me that the only eireumstance for' regret connected with JJie. gratifying proceedings of this evening is that Mr. Verdon, who' has so ably filled the office of Agent-General f<& Victoria, is now about to retire from his position. I feel persuaded, that had he remained in office there are many matters affecting the Australian colonies in which ! should have had great pleasure in co-operating with him. The question his been often asked. What is the position and what are the functions of Agent-General P Lord Kimberley has, in some -degree, answered that question this evening. - But I may add that they are the only accredited Tepresentatives of their respective colonies. They hold appointments from their Executive Governments, and their Legislature.' provide stipends for them. Great discretion and prudence are undoubtedly necessary in the performance of their duties, more especially those which are of a diplomatic charae-. ter. They may be very useful in communicating with the Colonial Minister, but they must be on their guard against committing their Governments, or exciting tlie jealousy of their Parliaments. Wenot unfrequently hear propositions made in this country and discussed at meetings for amending the Constitutions of the colonies, going even as far as to determine llie relations which should exist between tliem and the parent State, by persons who possess little knowledge and no experience of the wishes of the colonies.' But it should be borne in mind that any sug- gestions for making alterations in coloniail Constitutions, can only emanate regularly from the local Parliaments through their Governments. (Hear, hear.) Without saying more on this occasion, I foel at liberty to state that I have read several suggestions.for amending the Constitutions'of the Australian Colonies which would not find favor with them. It is satisfactory to be able to acknowledge that the spirit of the Colonial.Office in dealing with tliem lias improved of late years. The control of the waste lands ha« been conceded ; interference in their legislation has been less frequent; great care has been taken in the selection of able men as governors ; the tone of the despatches from Downing-street has been inore considerate ; the reception of the Agent-General lta< been courteous. , There, however, are questions affecting the progress and well-being of the colonies which might-with advantage be brought under discussion; and if I were to select the subject of most pressing interest, it would be tint of a well-devised continuous system of emigration, carried out by. the colonies in concert with the Imperial Government. (Hear, hear.) We do not require large numbers, and should object to a flood of paupers. But we do want population, of which you have a superabundance. We want capital, of which you have a plethora. We have countless millions of acres ofland which we wish to see occupied by those who can well be spared from this overcrowded kingdom. By adding to our population we should add largely to the production of the raw material for your manufactures. We feel that we have a right to more liberal postal subsidies. Our postal arrangements are not satisfactory. More speedy and regular communication is required, and towards this we consider that England should contribute more liberally. Our commerce is your commerce. 'And on this ground we consider that more adequate naval protection should be afforded us. Our great want is population^ If we get numbers we shall prosper, and the advantages will react upon the parent State, in connection with which every Australian colonist desires to continue on terms of mutual regard and affection. SIR CHARLES COWI-EE, K.C.M.G.—The following account of the services of this gentleman, recently created a Knight Commander of the Order of Saint Michael and Saint George," appears in'the Colonial Office List for 1872:— " Cowper, Charles, C.M.G. (1868), son of the Venerable William Cowper, D.D., Archdeacon of Cumberland, in New South Wales, was horn in Yorkshire, England ; served sometime in tlie Commissariat Department, and on the creation of the Church and School Lands Corporation, in New South Wales, in 1826, was appointed its secretary, which office he held till its dissolution in 1833. Upon the establishment of a Legislative Council in 1843, when the elective element was first introduced into the Legislature, he was chosen a member for tho Metropolitan County of Cumberland, for which constituency he sat "five years, and was re-elected in 1848. In the year 1850 he. resigned his place in the Council that he might devote himself uninterruptedly to the in troduction of railways into New South Wales. Having succeeded, after a severe struggle, ir tliis undertaking, he was presented by liis fellow-colonists with a testimonial of silver plate, costing £'50o, in token of his foresight and zeal in accomplishing the enterprize. In 1851 he was clected member for Durham, which constituency" he represented five years, when lie was returned for the city of Sydney. In .Tune, 1856 he was offered the po3t of Colonial Secretary in the first Ministry under Responsible Government, which he declined, and in August of the same year he was called upon to form tlie second Administration. He was offered the position of Colonial Secretary in the third Administration, which he also declined, and he was entrusted with the formation of the Fourth Administration which lasted from September, 1857, to October, 1859. He then retired from Parliament, but was immediately invited to resume his seat by the constituency of Sydney, which he then represented, but owing to broken health and a determination to withdraw from tlie arena of politics, he declined to accept it.- He was, however, pressed to become a member of the sixth Administration, and was induced, at the request of his friends, to accept the office of Colonial Secretary. In March, 1860, he was made a member of the non -elective Legislative Council, which appointment he held until the next general election, when he was again elected a member for the city of Sydney in the Assembly, and in January, 1861, bcramo Premier of the seventh Administration, which lasted until October, 1863\. When tho eighth Ministry resigned in' February, 1863, he was charged with the formation of the ninth Administration, which continued in power until January, 1866. Ho subsequently again withdrew from Parliament, and continued out of public life until December, 1869, when, al the general election in 1869, he was returned for the constituency of Liverpool Plains, and was in January, 1870, once more called upon to take the Premiership of a Ministry, being the twelfth Administration under responsible Government. Upon the breaking up of that Cabinet he accepted the office of Agent- General, resident in London, for the colony of New South Wales. During the abscnce-of Sir William Denison on official visits lo Norfolk Island lie was on two occasions appointed to administer the Government, in association with the Officer Commanding the Forces and the President of the Legislative Council. CAUTION TO SFORTSMEX.—Aust alian sportsmen should exercise a good deal of care in the selection of the guns they use. A trade report from Birmingham, under date Jan. 13. says : ' Fowling pieces of all qualities arc easily disposed of, and considerable shipments of the inferior sorts arc being made to the colonies.' I EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPES FROM DEATH.—A pork-butcher's man, named Breclie, just tried he-ore one of the eourts-niartial^forjpYrtifeipatlOn in flintinanmiM^liin J •_ -J^f... n n talcpn forcS WonTtli^ sho^ inSWicftfh^ was employed during the Commune, andcnrollod battalion of-^ational ..Guards serving at Neuilly> As fee h^%merly bff^iniliearmy]/ the insurgents offeicd to make him captain,"tiui Tie deSin*ean»nd comrades. A few days afterwards lie'attempted to escape, hut was recaptured, and a drum-head court-martial condemned him tojieath. . Instead, ,howeyer, of shooting him. the insnrgents re- .feolyed to' hang him, a rope having been put round his neck, he was suspended to the bars of afirst-floorwindoWi-jWhenhis-cxecutioners, saw that he had ceased to move, theyleft him. Batjie had supportedliiraself by his'fingers on soine projection of thc ;wa1I, and at. his; cries some other; Rational Guards ;-came Apjbut Kim. do^vn, and' tooTc him' to N ttieir battiliori, 5 which' was encamped farther on: He remained- with them two days, and then made another attempt to get awayi-but was pursued, 1 i'and : in order to escape threw. Mmself into the river. Ho succeeded in .reaching "the other ^ide,' but was received by the Versailles troops with a shower of bullets, one of which" wounded him in the leg. He told hiii story to-the ^officer, who refused to believe him. andsent him.before another courtmartial,'which ordered him to,be shot with some other Federates. These men were placed against a wall; and the firing party 1 discharged a volley at them, Breche was not mortally w.ounded, although. struck in two places, arid having been found and taken in "by. an inhabitant ofPuteaux, soon recovered ; but on his attempting to-enter Paris was arrested as an insurgent, arid sent to Versailles, arid was now brought up for trial. His story, as told by him, proved to be true on every point, and the court, of course, acquitted him. .. . A GHOST AT , FOUNTAINBRIDGE.—There lisis lately been considerable speculation in the west- ern part of Edinburgh in regard to .the appearance of " a ghost" in the neighborhood of Fountainbridge. • Therapparition is said to have been seen in various parts of the district between: Bruntsfield.Links, Viewforth, and Haymarket, and is described as a'figure dressed j of course,' in white, whose movements are exewited with remarkable agility. We have even heard that he has bounded the canal at a leap, and thinks nothing of vaulting over -a cab or pretty high wall. It is stated that a wine-merchant's messenger was confronted with the apparition on Bruntsfield Links,, and that in his fright lie laid down his basket and ran. _ As the white figure was not long in disappearing, the Jad ventured to go back for liis basket, and, on coming up to it, found a smaller quantity of liquor in some <of the bottles than'that which' they contained when he left the shop. ' On the ghost being observed, five men,: armed with bludgeons, pursued him till he reached tlie Dairy Cemetery, where he jumped bverthe wall, and was not seen again. . The stories ."about the ghost have for more than a week^created such an impression on the. minds of'm&ny;'young people''residing within a wide radius of the haunted districtthat they will not venture out after dark. " ' THE BONAPARTISTS. — Attention lias' been drawn in the French-Assembly: to the circumstance that a Bonapartist almanac, called the •MeiUe, is being widely' distributed throughout France. • A member, • wlio -read some extracts from this publication, in' which the Assembly was attacked for its vote at Bordeaux deposing the Emperor, spoke in very strongterms against the Bonapartist firopagandism, which he said was becoming more impudent every day. When he read another extract dwelling upon the " heroism" of the Emperor, he was rewarded with Toars of laughter. Xfi concluding his speech, he asked the Minister of the Interior to keep as sharp an eye on the Bonapartist adventurers as he would upon "'other malefactors;" and the Minister, in reply, said that a prosecution had already, been commenced against the Abeille. SAD REVEESE OF FORTUNE. — At a recent weekly meeting of the St. Olave's, South wark, Board of Guardians, complaint was made by the house committee that one of the inmates was not fit to be at large. He was twenty-six years of age and of weak intellect, his brain having been turned, the clerk said, by excessive study and acute religious feeling. As a lad he was brought up at Queen Elizabeth's School, Ilorsleydown. where he carried off every prize for which he competed. From thence he was removed to .the City of London Middle-class School, where "his career was equally successful and satisfactory, and where hy his extraordinary attainments lie won an exhibition to one of the colleges of Oxford University. At Oxford he had not been many years before he succeeded in taking B. A.degree, and acquired distinctions, honors, and scholarships which brought him in an income of £240 a year. His s.tudious propensities attracted attention, when, as the clerk stated, "some fanatics got hold of him and turned him mad," but for which circumstance,'he would now be enjoying an income, as a college tutor aud in other ways, of between £700 and £800 per annum. He has been in St. Olave's Workhouse for about two years, and latterly has been engaged in the office of assistant clerk. For an offence against the rules he _was put under restraint and carried off to the'stone-yard atRotherhithe, where he was ordered to pick oakum. The guardiansgenerally commiserated the young man's reverse of fortune, but on tho ground that discipline must be maintained, approved (he action of the house committee in relegating him. under the circumstances, to the stone- yard. EXPENSIVE ENTERTAINMENTS.—The following is from the New York Standard;—" Among the recent holiday parties given to children, we describe one which is not exaggerated, and which is a fair specimen of hundreds. The en- tertainment occurred in one of the most fashionable streets of Brooklyn. The lady of the house is one of the most cultured womon. But sho has gone fashion- mad. About one hundred guests were present, who were received by their young hostess (amiss of ten years) with as much ease and self-possession as a matron could assume. The dresses consisted of white, pink, yellow, and blue silk, elaborately trimmed and decked with spangles. Tho little misses had their hair dressed in the latest style, puffed, powdered, and adorned wi th flowers. Only one thing was lacking in the miniature representation of an adult party—viz., enamelled faces. Powder, however, was freely used. One little girl (if she could be recognised as such) particularly engaged attention. She was apparently ten years of age. In addition to the powdered hair and dazzling costume, she sported, with true appreciation, a pair of diamond earrings, a gold chain, and a locket studded with diamonds. Upon each arm was a bracelet of elaborate workmanship, which she held up for display, exclaiming as she did so to her admirers, ' There's no sham about the!se; they're the real thing:' which her auditors were quite willing to believe. If the above seems incredible, what will tho following be? A little girl of seven summers was arrayed in a rose-colored silk, 87 a yard, point appique, flowers, a galaxy of diamonds, and other expensive jewellery; a gold belt, the buckle of which was studded with diamonds; a band of gold encircled the head, and from a pendant on the forehead sparkled a solitaire of great value. Her mother was heard to cxclaim exultingly that the price bf her child's outfit for that evening was $5000, Music, dancing, and charades occupied the evening. The supper was all that could bo desjred by the greatest epicure. The adieur were spoken with sufficient grace and ceremony to satisfy the most ardent devotee of modern etiquette. ' Here endeth the first lesson,' and the stepping-stone to bankruptcy." 