? . I crtjt &g8iug; iflorntng jB?cralö. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1872. We have expressed a decided opinion that the stoppage of supplies during three months, by which the Government would be unable to pay the Civil servants, would be a severe, if not unjustifiable, use of Parliamentary power. It is very discreditable to our system that we should have entered upon the year without provision being made for the public service. That system, which has grown into habit, but which has been so strongly condemned by the Secretary of State, is now to be aggravated by a dissolution. The law has put a stop to the power of the Governor to pay unaudited accounts. The Auditor-General is bound to see that there are funds provided by Parliament, that the claims are authorised by its votes, and that the conditions have been fulfilled. Before the passing of the Audit Act, it was the practice for the Governor to take upon himself the responsibility of payment. Sir William Denison declared that he would do so no more. Until provision be made for the continuance of salaries on the plan of the schedules which provide for the income of some of the Ministers, and which can only be abolished by enactment, the public service is liable to a heavy infliction by the random blows. of faction. If every party in the State strong enough to prevent supplies exercise their power, no one can foresee when the public servants will touch another farthing. Sir James Martin adjourns for two or three months. He may be succeeded by Mr. Forster, who will adjourn for another month. He also, may be defeated, and make it necessary to disperse the Assembly while new Ministers qualify themselves to meet it; and so it may go on for months every party made incapable of action, although strong enough to block up the way. The hardship is in the substitution of victims for those who may deserve to suffer. If the Ministers suffered during the struggle, there would be some point in refusing the supplies ; but they will not necessarily dispense with one pint of wine, while some of the subordinates will be haunting like ghosts the money-brokers and pawnshops, pleading with butchers and bakers, and others perhaps resorting to more disrepu- table means to extract subsistence. This policy reminds us of the old story of the woman who was adjudged to stripes for some ecclesiastical offence. Her husband was her substitute, while the graceless wretch stood by, exclaiming " lay on reverend father, for truly I am a great thing." The Civil Service is in the position of the unfortunate spouse, and is punished for the actual offenders. There is indeed nothing very unusual in this state of things. It has existed since the days of Homer, by whom it is said "the princes drivel and the people mourn." . Our readers will remember the serious crisis of the same kind that occurred in Victoria. Were the history of the effects of the stoppage of supplies in that colony to be accorded it would form one of the darkest pages. It tempted the public servants in various ways. It took some to the money lender to borrow at 50 per cent. It took others to the pawnshop to obtain temporary relief at the cost of lasting privation. It enabled unprincipled men, under the plea of necessity, to impose upon the more generous shopkeepers, and to contract debts which were only cleared off in the Insolvent Court. There were also melancholy records of the utter moral ruin of several persons belonging to the Civil Service the deplorable facts that came out during the trials, of the extenuation pleaded, when receiving sentence- and which trace the wrong- doing to the embarrassment caused by the failure of the ordinary means of support. We are not likely to have cases so severe perhaps, but the very principle of them is full of warning. The object of the Constitution of England, in confiding supplies to the wisdom of Parliament, was to ensure its meeting at a proper time, and that the policy of the Crown should not be continued when condemned by the people. It may be said that the object now is the same and certainly it is not impossible that the opposition to voting supplies for three months would arrest a despotic administration. It should not, however, be forgotten that the Civil servants represent a large section of the electorates, and that the unmerited suffering inflicted may be unfavourable to the popular cause. For our part, we should like to see a law adopted which vvjttld continue the salaries of the Civil servants on the same scale until superseded by the new votes, if made before the rising of Parliament. All other expenditure might be appropriately suspended. This, however, is a different question from the voting of money to meet the supply already granted, it is certainly most unjust to stop the means of living of so large a portion of the people, and in many instances its operation is absolutely cruel. Those who advocate this course will not dispute that it is the cause of suffering to those who have offered no provocation, and whose dependent position leaves them without power for organized protest, or even for complaint in the newspapers. If an indignant public servant were to put his name to a complaint against the conduct of the Ministry, he would probably next morning find his office filled pro em. But it is alleged that it will be the blame of the Government if this extreme measure shall be adopted, that it will be their own act which dissolves the House. We believe, as a moral question, those who create a crisis by adherence to a clear and palpable wrong are responsible for all its consequences. It may be said that this is the very question at issue to be tried by the country. There is, however, a strong conviction pervading the public judgment and conscience that the Government is going wrong, and that, to enable it to do so, it is disregarding the interests of the Civil servants, as well as the political welfare of the country. The die is cast. The time for advice or for pleading is gone by. Neither the Governor nor the Government has shown any disposition to relent or reconsider. The emphatic expression of opinion by the Assembly, on Wednesday night, has simply hardened the Premier's heart. Opposition has only made him more imperious. He will accept no compromise ; he will assent to no mitigation. The duties, the whole duties, and nothing but the duties can alone satisfy him. With no further delay than was necessary to follow his Excellency to Throsby Park, the Cabinet obtained the viceregal signature to a proclamation proroguing Parliament, as the preliminary to a dissolution. The appeal of the Assembly to his Excellency was therefore a wasted invocation. It was, it must be admitted, a very unusual proceeding, but the course of the Government it was intended to arrest was also unusual. The effect of a dissolution under present circumstances is precisely opposite to what the effect of a dissolution generally is. When a defeated Cabinet appeals from Parliament to the people, it is usually because some policy it has proposed to adopt does not meet with approval, and the reference back to the primary political authority is to ascertain whether in so disapproving the popular representatives have correctly expounded the popular opinion. Meanwhile the proposed policy remains in abeyance. Legislation is arrested for the time being, and the Ministerial suggestions, if condemned, never take effect; and, if approved, are adopted only after having received the popular ratification. But in the present case precisely the opposite effect is produced. The settled policy of the country for five years past has been to cancel the Border line of Custom-houses, and accept a commutation in lieu of actual collection. This policy has been acquiesced in by successive Ministries and successive Parliaments. The present Ministry endeavoured to renew the treaty, thereby endorsing its principle, and they failed to do so only because they could not agree with Victoria as to the exact sum to be paid, which was a matter of detail. Twice the Legislative Assembly has, during the present session, by clear majorities, declared the restoration of frontier Custom-houses to be inexpedient and the last vote it gave was an emphatic protest against a change in what we may call (he established policy of the country. Now, under these circumstances, what is the effect of a dissolution? It is directly to change this policy so repeatedly approved, and which has never been dibàpprovcù. Owing to the fact that it was embodied in a terminable treaty which has now expired, and has not been renewed, we are thrown back on the Customs law, the inland action of which is revived, but which Customs law had by the sanction of Parliament been limited as to its operation on the frontier. We have, therefore, in the present instance, no appeal to the people as to whether a change shall be sanctioned. They are not asked whether they will rescind the policy of the last five years; but without their- leave, and in defiance of the reiterated opinion of their representatives, a great change in our fiscal policy is practically established by the arbitrary conduct of the Government. If the treaty had three months to run, and the question for the constituencies was whether on its expiration it should be reach, ed, there would be time for the people to give their answer before the Government acted. But as it is the Government acts before the question is put, and neither Parliament nor people have any power to stop the Executive from doing what will probably be shown to be directly against the opinion of the majority. The object of the Opposition in the Assembly evidently was to arrest this precipitancy to persuade the Government to leave the question open till the people had had time to speak to keep at bay a deplorable return to an abandoned _ system, at least until they had the authority of the constituencies for so retro- grade a step. "Whether the particular mode adopted by the tacticians of the Opposition was the best, may possibly be open to question ; but the obvious intention of it was not to prevent a dissolution, or merely to arrest supplies, or to force a resignation, but simply to save the country from being committed to a new policy till it had had an opportunity of expressing approval or disapproval. The novelty of its position must therefore be taken in mitigation of the novelty in the procedure of the Assembly. It is not to be commended that members should object to be sent back to their constituencies that they should petition the Governor to shield them from such an ordeal, or that they should refuse supplies if they cannot have their own way. But then, on the other hand, it is not to be commended that a defeated Executive should arbitrarily impose on the country a policy condemned alike by itself and by its opponents, and a policy in favour of which there has not been a single popular manifestation. The Assembly, while it lasted, was the only barrier between the Cabinet and the reconstruction of the Border Customs line, and that barrier the Cabinet, with the aid of the Governor, has broken down. For three months the Ministers will have it all their own way, and can keep up a policy irritating to the settlers on the Border, condemned by a large majority of members in close view of the hustings, and not commended, as yet, by any section of the community. It is a bad precedent which has thus been set. Ministers have not violated the Constitution in form, but they have in substance. They are acting without popular authority, and without any certainty that they will receive popular authority. Cases of emergency will sometimes arise when such a stretch of power is justified, and when it may be readily condoned. But this is not an unexpected crisis which could not have been foreseen. It has been coming slowly and steadily on, and it is under Ministerial guidance that the country is placed in its present position. It is probable that Sir James Martin is firmly convinced that, under all the circumstances of the case, a fresh experiment of the actual collection of the duties will be in the interest of the colony-that it will prove the accuracy of his estimates, confound the calculations of Mr. Dt/ffv, satisfy the Border [ people that no great harm is done to them, and lay a basis for more pacific relations in the future. But, supposing that in all this he is correct, the question still arises, what constitutional right has he to force his views on the people without their consent? If his views are right let him convince the people first, and put the doctrine in practice afterwards. The Bismarckian plan of opposing Parliament and people by force, and then converting them by means of a successful result may be suited to a military despotism, but is not germane to our democratic institutions. Political His Excellency the Governor left Sydney at 6 o'clock, on Wednesday evening, for his resi- dence at Throsby Park, but it is generally understood that information as to the action of the Assembly in reference to the motion for the suspension of the Standing Orders and the voting of the address moved by Mr. Paddington, by way of amendment, was communicated to his Excellency by telegram as soon as the division took place. Yesterday n.othing the Ministry left Sydney by special train, at 7 o'clock, and by about 2 o'clock telegrams were received in Sydney from Sutton Forest conveying information of the fact that the Earl of Belmore had signed the proclamation proroguing Parliament until Thursday, the 8th of February. The Gazette Extraordinary, which we publish in another column, was issued soon afterwards. Its dissemination, however, was not sufficiently extensive to prevent the great majority of hon. members from proceeding to the House, where they were surprised to learn that the Parliament had been pro- rogued. The public on this occasion were literally " out of doors, for knots of persons lined the footways in Macquarie-street until some time after the usual hour for the admission of " strangers." We anticipate that, according to the usual practice in cases where the Parliament has been dissolved by proclamation, a second proclamation will issue to-day, or to-morrow at farthest, terminating this session of Parliament. Writs' for a new election will thereupon issue. On the 13th of November, 1869, Parliament was pro- rogued by the Earl of Belmore's proclamation until the 15th of December, 1869 ; but on the loth of November (two days later the proclamation for a dissolution was issued. Again, on the 9th November, 1864, Parliament was pro- rogued by his Excellency Sir John Young to the 20th of December. The proclamation for the prorogation on the 9th was followed by dissolution on the 10th. Defeat on the Governments' are requested to say that Mr. Tunks and Mr. Dodds paired off on Mr. Piddington's amendment on Wednesday night, the former gentleman being for the amendment, and the latter against it. including the names of the gentlemen we have now given, the number of hon. members who voted on the occasion was 69. Sir Hercules Robinson With Urn week's issue of the Sydney Mail will be given, as a supplement, a large sized engraved portrait of our now Governor. Judging from various photographs we have received from Ceylon, the likeness to be given in the Mail seems to be very good. Civil Service Co-operative Society and " tm: Cuss." At an emergency meeting of the Board of Directors of the Civil Service Co-operative Society, held last evening, it was resolved that a special general meeting of the society should be called for Friday the 23rd Instant, to consider the following proposals : " That, in view of the anticipated non-payment of salaries and wages during the next few months, the rules of the society be so altered as to admit of credit accounts being opened by members who may be able to furnish satisfactory guarantees for the payment of such accounts on the resumption of payments by the Government. That the directors of the society be untimely J to make arrangements to purchase goods on of di( Of a dear i i or u nimilarpi-riod. It is anticipated that' the society will be able to avail durh arrangements for supplying its members with householdnocessaries on credit, and will materially assist in obviating; the inconvenience which must necessarily arise from the non-payment of salaries and wages, during the present political crisis. The Cricket Challenge Gnr. To-morrow afternoon, the third match for the Cup will be played, on the Albert Ground, Redfern. The competitors on this occasion are the Newtown C. C. against the Alberts, who were successful in taking the Cup from the University C. C. Play is to commence at a quarter-past 2 o'clock, and the charge for admission has been fixed at 6d. The match is likely to prove an interesting one, and an afternoon may be pleasantly passed by those who take an interest in cricket, SupremeCourt. In Equity. Business This Day: Before his Honor, the Primary Judge, at U o'clock. Mackenzie v. Laird (by order), injunction motion. ooí!ISrTBrIC^,C?-URT-~Undefended says Nos. 294 to 86 will be disposed of to day, as follows No 29 will be taken at 10 in nr., No. 393 will not be taken before li and., Isa. 487 will not be taken before 12 noon, finishing with No. 580. 6 Important Sale of Thoroughbred Stock ~7c*-CAlä?y. more Mr. G.F. Want offered for sale a splendid lot of Hereford and Shorthorn cattle, lately imported by Messrs. Dangar, Gedye, and O. The Bab was held at the Yards, Pitt-street, lately occupied by Mr Mortyn, and was tolerably well attended. Several really splendid animals were brought under the hammer, but were all withdrawn save "Uojnl Hoad." This bull was started at 100 guineas, and quickly ran up to more than double that amount, and, after some spirited bidding, was knocked down to Mr. F. Reynolds, of Tocal, Paterson, for 265 guineas. In Royal Head,". Mr. Reynolds has secured a bargain, notwithstanding that the price paid is considerable and the proprietor of the Tocal stud is to be congratulated upon securing such a really valuable acquisition to his already extensive establishment. The bull is admitted by all to be a grand follow, and the high figure that he brought shows that the Australians know the worth of a good animal as well as their friends on. the other side of the Line. Royal Head has left Sydney for his new home, where he will join Napoleon the Third, Young Carlisle, and Lord Belmore and with such animals to breed from, Mr. Reynolds can hardly fail to be as prominent a prize-taker at future exhibitions as he was at the last. The following is the pedigree of the bull, and it needs no comment Royal Head, rod with white face, calved October 27, 1868 ; bred by Mr. J. Williams, Kings- land, Loomineter ; got by Sir George, 2765 ; dam Flower of Kent by Sir Colin 1390 ; g d Highleuw 2nd by Monkland 3rd 1913 ; g g d Highlass by Fairboy 617 ; g g g d Violet by Young Confldonoe 683 ; g g g g d Modesty by Day house 299; g g g g g s Damsel by sold under 383. Royal Head was a winner of the first prize in his class at the meeting of the Herefordshire Agricultural Society, 1876 and at the Wolverhampton meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society of England, 1871. Sir George 2705 was a winner of the second prize in his class at the Leicester meeting of the R. A. S E., and at the meeting of the Herefordshire Agricultural Society, 1868. Sir Colin 1390 was a Royal prize winner, and also a winner of numerous local prizes. The whole of the cases referred to were either distinguished in the show yard or from herds of great repute ; perhaps none more so than GoldQndor 383, bred by the late Mr. Turner, of Noko, and from a cow by Sovereign 404. Royal Hoad will be entered in Vol 8, Hereford Herd Book, in which his portrait will be found. Wharf at Blue's Point About three weeks ago the Municipal Council of Victoria. North Shore, finished the construction of a large and substantial looking wharf at Blue's Point for the accommodation of the public). This work, it is understood, when finished, had coat the municipality nearly £300. No doubts appear to have been entertained regarding its security. The sea wall of the wharf was of massive stones, at the back of which had been embedded a large quantity of stone ballasting. In some parts the wharf is said to descend to a depth of fourteen feet below high water level, and in others to as much as sixteen foot. About half-past 3 o'clock on Monday afternoon last, about sixty feet of the sea wall gave way, through some as yet unexplained cause, and fell into the harbour, carrying with it the ballasting for several yards back from the cage of the water. It is stated that to-day a diver will go down, to ascertain whether the collapse of the wall is due to a defect in the foundation or to the pressure of the ballast on the outward wall. The casualty has necessarily resulted in a heavy loss to the borough of Victoria. Newtown Baptist ChurcH. This building, which was formally set apart for public worship on Thursday last, has been erected on a piece of land originally purchased from the trustees of Camperdown Cemetery, and forming part of that estate. It forms the nave of an crea- tion which will eventually be in the form of a Latin Cross. The front facing the main road is of Orinch courses of sandstone, the porch, windows, and other openings being of wrought freestone. The sides are of brick, with freestone '-ills to windows and bases and weathering to buttresses. The si) le adopted by the committee, acting under the advice of the architect, Mr. Thornley, is of the early English period. The front facing Camperdown Road consists of porch, two side windows, central rose window and ventilating apertures ; all the latter with moulded mullions and reveals, and carved panels. The roof, which is of Maryborough pine, is of three principals let into stone corbels, which are carved with pleasing effect. The doors to vestries are glazed in upper sashes with ground glass, and the floor of the building is laid wish annoyances about 1 in 48. The furniture, with the exception of porch and platform, is throughout as the roof, of colonial pine, the ends of the seats admitting carved pacers). The porch, the floor of which is of encaustic tiles, by Tornaghi, is to be of pine and cedar, as also the platform. The total cost of erection, inclusive of furniture and land, has been £1600, of which about £800 has been already subscribed. Sermons were preached in the building on Sunday last by the Rev. J. Greenwood, M.A., the Rev. S.C. Kent, and the Rev Adam Thomson. At each. service the chapel was filled. The contributions in money amounted to £13 lie. A Bible and hymn-book were also presented by the church worshippers at Bourke- street, Woolloomooloo. On Tuesday last, tea and public meetings were held in the Town-hall ; about 160 persons being present at the former, and 250 at the latter, The chair was occupied by the Rev. G. Sheppard, the minister of the church. From the treasurer's report it appeared that £333 was at that moment needed to relieve the committee of liabilities, I the remaining £600 having been borrowed from a society whose claims are being met by a few members and friends of the church. Of the £333, only about £170 is immediately required, the contractors having generously given the committee six months' credit for the remainder. The speakers, all of whom congratulated the Church on the successful completion of the work, were Rev. F. Hibbard, R. Lowers, S. C. Kent, G. P. Lush, and A. Webb. The Revs. J. Greenwood, M.A., and D Allen were present at the tea, but were unable to remain. The total receipts at opening services, including the donation of the ladies, who provided the tea, were about £82. The contractors were Messrs. Duncan and Lago, of Woolloomooloo. The Intercolonial Gig Rack-The Com mission appointed by the Sydney Rowing Club to select a crew to compete in the gig race at the late Hobart Town Regatta met last night, at the Oxford Hotel, King-street, for the purpose of making arrangements for giving the winning crew a hearty reception on their return to Sydney. It was the unanimous opinion of the meeting that the crew should be met on the wharf by as many of the members of the club as could make it convenient to be present. The secretary stated that the steamer City of Hobart on board of which the crew had taken their passages, would, if favoured with a fair wind, arrive in Sydney by daylight on Monday, and as that would be an inconvenient hour for gentlemen to be present, it was decided to forward a telegram to Captain Clinch requesting him to so arrange as not to arrive before 8 o'clock a.m. It was also decided to send invitations to all who subscribed to the fund for sending the crew to Hobart Town to be present at the Club Rooms, on Monday afternoon, when the healths of the winning crew will be proposed by Mr. George Thornton, president of the club. Lecture to Young Men. Last evening, the Rev. A. N. Mackray, M.A., delivered, in St. Stephen's Church, Macquarie-street,. a lecture to young men, which he had previously delivered about five months ago in the Phillip-street Presbyterian Church. The rev. lecturer chose as the text for his lecture to young men from the 17th chapter of St. Luke, and the 14th verse-" Young man, I say unto thee arise." He advised young men who had not as yet become decided, to rouse themselves and determine for a Christian life, giving in the course of his remarks many urgent reasons why, to such, Christianity recommended itself with an overwhelming force. As a great means of becoming acquainted with the duties of a consistent Christian life, the Word of God was strongly advised as a diligent study for young people. He said that the ethics of pagan nations had failed to inculcate a correct standard of virtue, while the Saviour of the World had in the Scriptures of the New Testament put forth a code of morality which, in virtue of its Divine origin, had stood for ages, and would triumphantly exist to all eternity. The lecture, which was delivered to a crowded audience, was listened to with great attention. The Ocean Postal Service On Wednesday, January 24 (says the South Australian Register), the Government laid further correspondence before Parliament relating to the P. and O. mail contract. It consists of a circular despatch dated November 30 1871, and addressed by Earl Kimberley to the Governors of the colonies created, enclosing a communication from the Post Office announcing that the Imperial Government have given notice to the P. and O. Company for the termination of the existing mail contract at the end of the year 1873. This decision has been arrived at, not from any indisposition on the part of the Home Government to continue their contribution to the subsidy, but because notice has been given to the same effect by the Governments of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia. Our readers are of course aware that the notice given by this colony had reference solely to the vindication of our claim to the adoption of Glenelg as a port of call. In like manner, the notices given by Victoria and New South Wales were in contemplation of the more general scheme for a postal some elaborated at the last Conference. Hence we do not fear that the communications now received are likely to put an end to the system upon which the mail service has been, so long conducted. Before the end of 1873 we may confidently expect that fresh arrangements will be made by which we may get our mails delivered at our door with the same regularity and dispatch that we have been so long accustomed to A. Golden Wedding On Tuesday evening, January 23 (says the S. A. Register), a ball was given in the Town-hall, Adelaide, to commemorate the jubilee of Mr. and Mrs. M. Benjamin, of Tavistock-street. Haifa century of married life, although it has lengthened out the years of the respected couple somewhat beyond the three score and ten which is usually regarded as a starting-point for a period of advanced maturity, has brought about no symptoms of mental decay and comparatively few physical weaknesses. Their eye is not dim and as a rule they are in the enjoyment of vigorous health. They have tea children, all of whom are living, five of them being at the present time resident in the colony. Their grandchildren number twenty-five, so that they have now tb.irty-60.von. street 4e8cen.g>nlB, 