A WHISPER TO GENTLEMEN. Jupiteu Ammox ! Don't I wish I was a 1 man 3 just to show the masculines how to I play their part in the world a little better ! i In the first place there ain't a mother's son of you that lias got as far as A B C in ! the art of making love (and I've seen a few abortions in that way myself, as well as the rest of the sisters). "What woman wants to be told that " her feet and eyes are pretty," or " her form and smile be witching ?" Just as if she didn't know all her fine points as soon as she is tall enough [ to peep into a looking-glass. No, you inefiable donkey, if you must use the small coin of flattery to pay toll at the bridge of her affections, let me whisper a secret in your long esars. Compliment her upon some mental attraction she does not possess (if you can find one!) and. don't wear the knees of your pet pants thread-bare at her feet, trying to make her believe she is your " first love." We all know that is among the things tjbat were, after you are out of jackets and trousers. What a splendiferous husband I (Fanny) should make, to be sure, had Providence so ordained it! Do you suppose that when the mother t»f my glorious boys wanted a sixpence to buy their shoe-strings, I'd scowl at lier like a hyaena, and pull my portmonnaie out of my pocket as if I were drawing a tooth ? Do you suppose, when her blue eyes grew lustreless, and the rose paled on her fair cheek, trotting round the do mestic tread-mill day after day, that I'd come home at night sulky and silent, and smoke my cigar in her face till her eyes were as red as rabbits' ? or take myself off to a club or a game at nine-pins, or any other game, and leave her to the exhila rating relaxation of darning my stock ings i Do you suppose that I'd trot along like a loose pony at her side, in the street, and leave her to keep up with me or not, as her strength would permit ? Do you suppose I'd fly into a passion and utter words to crush the life from out of her young heart, and then insult her by offer ing her a healing plaster in the shade of a new bonnet ? And don't you: suppose, when the • anniversary of our wedding day came round, I'd write a dainty little note, and leave it on her toilet-table, to let her know I was Btill a married lover ? Pshaw 3 I am sick of you all ! You don't deserve the love of a generous, high fouled woman. If you want a house :eeper~ rare one," and be~t£oae wittrtt. If you want a wife but you don't. One woman will answer just as well as another to sew your buttons, and straps; and strings, and make your puddings, and —so on and'so forth. Do you suppose we have cultivated our minds and improved the bright and glo rious gift of intellect to the best of our ca pacity, to minister only to your physical wants? Not a bit of it! When that's over we want something rational. Do you ever think of that, you selfish wfetch, when you stretch your legs right across the fire place, reading the newspaper all to your self? or sit from tea-time till 10 o'clock, staring the ashes of the grate out of coun tenance? By HarryI if I had such a block of a husband, I'd scare up the ghost of a lover somewhere, if there's any wit in woman 3 Famnt Fekx. The -worsted manufacture in England acquired its name from Worsted,, in Nor folk, where a colony of Flemings settled in 1327. Their trade was removed' to Norwich by Richard II. The art of weaving cloth was introduced from Flan ders, and Thomas Blanket, of Bristol, es tablished looms for weaving the woollen cloths that still bear his name, in 1331. We hear that two of the lady medical students who have been studying in Edinburgh are about to be married—one of them to a well-known Scotch newspaper editor. # Geese, dull as they are, - imitate men. Notice, that if one of the flock drinks, the rest follow. 