A GHOST IN MANCHESTER. For several nights past immense crowds Feathers Hotel, in Loudon road, Manchester, attracted by a story so singular, and on the face of it incredible, that the most re markable circumstances connected with it is that so many people should, instead of laughing off the matter as a joke, have been excited by real curiosity about it. The story is that for five weeks past, the inmates of the hotel have been disturbed at all hours of the night by strange and unac countable noises. When the weary waiters have gone to sleep their dreams have been disturbed by the unwelcome tinkle first of one, then of two or more, and sometimes of all the bells in the house-14 in number clanging together. A strict watch has on several occasions been kept, and when this has been done the watchers have seen and heard nothing unusual; but so surely as the lights in the iun have been extinguished and quiet has been maintained, the strange noises have commenced. About a week ago bellliangers were got in the house, who rearranged the .wires and muffled the bells, and by this means it was supposed that .the purturbed spirit iiad been laid at test to Test, an idea -which was confirmed by the fact that for six nights thereafter the "ghost" made no manifestation. In the 41 wee short hour" between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, however, the sound of bells again broke forth with undi minished violence, and in defiance of bell hangers and special detectives. An indescribable presence is gaid to have made jiteelf manifest on the stairs of the hotel, dressed in most unghostly habiliments of black, to a couple of boys and a policeman, .who were so much frightentd by the eight that they were unable to give any account! so the spirit's disappearance. Of all the! inmates of the bouse, the cook, whom one< would have thought the most material and^ unimaginative, has been most affected by] the spuitul influence, and on Wednesday resigned her comfortable, situation -with all' its perquisites, and, we believe, has taken to bed seriously ill. Meanwhile the house is nightly crowded by hundreds of visitors,' who, excited by curiosity, thirst of know* ledge, or other desire, have been exorbitant in their demand for spirits, to the no em^jl profit of the landlord, to whom the presence of this singular guest has been as lucky as angels' visits. At the same time hundreds of people have thronged the streets and lanes outside, anxious to obtain sight or hearing of the ghost. Whatever else may be thought of it, the revival of the Cock lane spirit has been and continues most successful as a sensation in drawing crowded houses.-Manchester Examiner. The Australian Wesleyan Conference commenced its sittings in Melbourne on Tuesday. An unusual number of minigf^r« are present to represent this colony, including the Revs. W. L. Binks, T. James, J. G. Milliard, H. T. BUM j;es9, S. Knight, Thomas Edmeades, and J. Y. Simpson. ATTSTHALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT SO CJBTr.-It is stated that the lamented Bev. Geo. Mackie, who recently died in Mel bourne, insured his life in the Australian Mutual Provident Society 18 years ago for £1,000, and that the bonuses added to the policies amount to the large sum of £518, so that his representatives will receive £1,618 instead of the £1,000 originally in sured. This speaks loudly in favor of life insurance.-Standard. Two thin shoes make one cold-two colds one attack of bronchitis-two attacks of bronchitis one coffin. HIBERNIAN VERACITY. - Paterfamilias (with Ms family in Ireland): Have you any West India pickles, waiter?'-Paddy: ' We've not, Sor.'-Paterfamilias: * No hot of any description?'-Paddy: 'No; shore they're all could, Sor.' have about the 