A STRANGE ANIMAL. x littte seems to oe a aiaagreeaoie beast at present in Pennsylvania. The Bethle hem ' Times' says tliat down in Charmers ville, or Shanty Hills, is " stabulated" a calf that caused great annoyance to the neighbourhood. The calf is a fine-look ing animal, Large, sleek, and playful as a kitten, and when let out, as it is on fine days, it goes plunging and capering through the streets and alleys, to the intense delight of the children and the discomforture of the ducks and geese. This calf lias unfortunately a most de praved appetite—nothing will satisfy it but human apparel; it will at any time forsake even a bran mash for a three dollar shirt or a pair of linen hose. The reporter of the ' Times' has interviewed • several heads of families who have suffered fearfully from the depredations of the calf, and it is found, from a careful com parison of noteB, that the ordinary wash ing of a small family will just about make the animal "a square meal." All the servant girls and housewives in the place have sworn vengeances on the calfj and as many rolling-pins, carving forks, and logs of wood have been thrown at it as would serve to sink a ship. A "hot water brigade" has been formed and has been so actively employed that there is not enough hair left on the calf to Btuff a pin cushion, but he still returns to the onset, and " chawB away like devouring fate." One melancholy case is mentioned of a family denuded of all the clothes it had, save those on the backs of its members, in the early part of last month by the calf. The clothes having been washed were hung out in a small back yard en closed by a high broad fence, through which was a small door opening into an alley supposed to be too small to admit the " clothes eater," as the calf is called ! On the 3rd ultimo the servant girl having j left the door open to air the clothes went ] for a few minutes into the house. On her return to the yard ahe was just in | time to see the calf scrambling through ; the door with about six inches of the tail j of a shirt fluttering from its mouth. On j examination it was found that the animal ; had got away .with the following articles : j —"One pair of drawers, four pairs heavy hose, one night gown, one sheet, one counterpane, three handkerchiefs, and half a dozen napkins. The alarming part j of the affair was that the calf went off 1 looking hungry." If (says the ' Pall Mall Gazette') it turns out tliat this calf is tired from English stock we are likely to have another heavy bill sent in for " in- I direct damages." Moubnihg.—The ancients had a queer ' idea about mourning for the dead. The Egyptian women rah through the streets crying, with their bosoms exposed and their hair disordered. The Lycians re garded mourning as unmanly, and com pelled men who went into mourning to put on female garments. In Greece, when a popular general died, the whole army cut off their hair and the manes of their horses. At the present day, the Arabian women stain their hands and feet with indigo, which they suffer to remain eight days. They also carefully abstain from milk during this time, on the ground that its white colour does not accord with their minds. In China, the mourning colour is white. Mourning for a parent or husband is required there by law, under a penalty of sixty blows and a year's banishment. When the Emperor dies, all his subjects let their hair grow for a hundred days. In the Fejee Islands, on the tenth d'iy of the mourning, the woman scourge !all the men except the highest chiefs.: Another fashionable custom there reqjuires the friends and re latives to assemble on the fourth day after the funeral, and picture to them selves the amount of corruption the corpse has sustained by that time. In the Sandwich Islands, persons desirous of going into mourning paint the lower part of their faces black, and knock out their front teeth.! A literary map, on retiring to private life, said his connection with the press had : " melted thawedj and resolved itself into; adieu." i A Wife's Revenge.—On Saturday, a rather serious case of vitriol throwing took place in the Doncaster market, for which a young married woman, named Annie Ridgley, is in custody. It appears that this woman has been separated from her husband for some time, and is lodging in the town. Last Sunday she saw her husband pass with another female hanging on his arm, and she then said to her land lady, " Isn't it grievous, now, him to be off like that, and me to be here ; but I'll serve him out, though," and then com menced crying, and seemed in much trouble. On Saturday Mrs. Ridgley again saw her husband pass. He was then alone, and she immediately left tho house, and followed him, keeping at some distance behind him. He went towards the market, and on her way she called at Mr. Stooks's, chemist, and bought two pennyworth of vitriol, which was served to her in a bottle. She then went after her husband, and on her way poured the vitriol into a pint pot. Very shortly afterwards she met him coming out of the market hall, and she immediately threw the contents at his head and face. For tunately the vitriol went chiefly over the man's hat, but a considerable part of it ran over his face, and-he was seriously burnt. A man saw the transaction, and pursued the woman, and gave her into custody. In the mean time, the injured man had been taken into a chemist's shop near by, and afterwards to the infirmary. Singula!! Case of Smallpox.—An in quest has been held in Newcastle touch ing the death of Alfred ^Sterling, 23 years of age. The deceased .was employed at the Theatre Royal. A- few days ago he went to the infirmary, and said he had fallen downstairs whenj he was tipsy and had hurt his back. The medical officers examined liim, but found no marks on his back, and they told him to return on the following day, which he did. When the medical officers saw liim again there were no indications of any disease upon him.—Harry Richardson said deceased died in his lodgings on Wednesday morn ing week, but from what cause he could not tell.-—Dr. Page stated that the de ceased was at the infirmary on Monday and Tuesday, and on Wednesday morn ing he heard of his death, at which he was very much surprised, as, from the ex amination he had made on him on the Monday, deceased had received no exter nal marks of injuries to cause his death. He had since made an internal examina tion of the body, and found it was a very exceptional case of malignant and sup pressed smallpox, of which deceased showed no symptoms externally either on the Monday or Tuesday. He had never Been such a case, and very likely would never see snch another. He thought it so singular that he had summoned the whole medical staff of the infirmary, both physicians and surgeons, to Bee the body. After death a purple rash came out exter nally, and the internal organs were found covered with the same i^sh. Shocking Accident at a Stone Delf. —On Saturday, about noon, at a stone delf at WeBt Leigh, about two miles from Leigh, a large stone had been wound up, and just as a crane was turning to place it on the surface one of; the front wheels of the iron carriage upon which the engine, to which is attached the crane, stands broke in two, and the carriage, engine, and crane toppled over into the gulf be low, at a spot where, fortunately, only two men wore at work. The engineer, as was his custom, had warned the men below to keep at a safe distance from under the stone whilst it was being wound up, but unfortunately the men disre garded his instructions, and the result was that William O'Brien, a labourer, of Bedford Leigh, was struck by the engine, one of the cog wheels jamming his head against the quarry, and he died immedi ately. The other man, Patrick Murray, attempted to escape when he saw the danger, but the concussion burst the boiler, and before he could get clear away he was scalded about the legs and feet with the water from the boiler. The en gineer, John Scott, who resides near to the scene of the accident, tried to escape the danger by jumping off the engine, but was flung headforemost down the quarry, a distance of 'about 30 feet. When picked up he was found to be seri ously injured, one or two of his ribs being broken, and his chest and back injured in the fall. He was at once conveyed in a cab to the Manchester Infirmary. Singular Suicide of a Girl.—A Paris paper, the 'Liberie,' relates a sin gular suicide which has just been com mitted at Montmartre. A girl of 14 be ing left alone every day by her parents, gave herself up to reading newspapers and novels. On going home recently the mother was horrified by a terrible spec tacle. The girl lay dead on the floor, suffocated by a charcoal fire still burning, and partly strangled by a jiocket handker chief, which she had tied round her neck ; her two legs were burnt off -up to the knee, and one foot in a shoe was almost intact. On the chest of drawers were strewed Red Republican journals, and under the head of the corpse was a bundle of novels rolled up to form a pillow. A piece of paper with the following words written in pencil lay by her side :—" I kill uiyBelf; the only thing I ask of mother and father is that my body may not enter a church." A Mystery Explained.—If startling phenomena were promptly investigated, by minds free from superstition and fear, occurrences that appear: to have a super natural organ would often find an easy solution. Judge Parsons (of Canada) used to tell with great zest of an incident in his travels which would have furnished food for a whole company of village gos sips. His wife, who seemed much agi tated, waked him one night at a village inn, and told him that there was a Woman sitting at the foot of the bed knitting. The judge saw the figure as distinctly as Ills wife, but liaring no thought of & su pernatural organ of the vision, began to speculate on its real cause. After look ing sharply for a few minutes, during which the woman knitted on with un ruffled composure, he was sure that he could see the wall through her, and that she could not, therefore, be substantial flesh and blood. This discoveiy, which might have affrighted weaker men, only aroused his curiosity. He at once rose from his bed, and walking to the foot, saw that no one was there—the form had vanished. Putting his head as nearly as possible in the position where he had seen the woman, the mystery was at once explained. He saw a circular hole in the shutter behind the bed, through which rays of light were streaming, and going to tliis hole to look through, saw a woman in a room on the other side of the street, knitting. The nerves of the wife were greatly soothed by the discovery, and the inquisitive spirit of the judge was gra tified by so simple an explanation of the apparition. Many ghost stories could be shorn of their apparently supernatural character by a cool and careful investiga tion. Tlie Agricultural Society of South Aus tralia offers a cliallenge gold cup, open to all the colonies, for the best six merino ram and ewe fleeces. The directors of the Moonta Mine, S.A., have resolved to build an institute for the use of the miners in their employ. The ' Geelong Advertiser' says the father of 7 children (sons) lias brought them up without even teaching them the alphabet. The teacher of a local school went to the parents, but they pleaded poverty, and he thereupon met their objections by offering to place their children on the free list. The parents be came indignant at the suggestion of having their children treated as paupers, and dis closed tlieir true motive—they found it more profitable to occupy the time that would be devoted to school duties by sending their sons to Geelong with lire wood, for which 15s. to 20s. per load could be obtained. The children grew up to be young men, iguorant of even the rudiments of an English education. Ashamed of their condition, they betook: themselves recently to a night-scliool, where they have been able to make but slight progress, as tlieir duties in various parts of the district interfere with their regular attendance. Another family re siding alongside the school is described to be in an almost similar position. The ' Maitl&nd; Mercury' says :-;-At about a quarter-past four on Saturday morning, during the passage of the H, R. N. S. N. Company's steamship Maitland from Sydney to the Huntor, a schooner, the name of which could not be ascer tained, sailed so close to the steamer that a collision was only avoided by the very smallest shave, and the putting down hard-a-port of the helm of the Maitland. The difficulty was entirely the fault of the master of the schooner, but he did not seem to think so, for ho sent after the steamer, as she disappeared in the dark ness, & perfect volley of curses and re proaches. A contemporary says, of the death in a lagoon at Howlong :—The body of Ed ward George was found in the lagoon. The man seemed to have been drowned, but there was a bottle of strychnine in his pocket, and a box containing some seventy or eighty pounds worth of property near the lagoon. The tracks of a dray were found leading direct to where the body was found, and the whole occurrence is wrapped in much mystery. 