CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The annual meetings of the above Union were commenced on Wednesday evening, May 15. There was a large attendance, and the Chair-<*> man (Rev. C. Manthorpe) presided. After de- votionil exercises, the Key. Mr. Manthorpe formally resigned the chair in favor of hi* suc ceuor, the Kev. F. W. Cox. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded Mr. Manthorpe for the year'* serried, and this having been acknow ledged by him, the Kev. Mr. Cor delivered THE CfUTBMAN'B ADDBEB& The Rev. F. W. Cox, who, on taking the chair was warmly greeted, then prooeeded to deliver the annual address, of whioh the follow ing is an abstract: — Brethren and Christian friends—Called by the suffrages of the Union to fill the chair for the current year, I address myself to the first duty devolving upon me—that of giving the inaugural address of this present annual ses sion. In doing so I cannot shut out from my view that the delivering of this address on the evening preceding the tnuicess meeting is in tended to bring together a larger number of Christian friends than is usually present at the Chairman'* address, and that I am in some risk of modifying my plan so as to meet the cue of the wider oirele of hearers. It be hoves us upon suitable occasions to look back upon our past history, to consider well oar present standing, and so far as may be given to us to peer into the gloom of the future to see the goal towards which we and other Churches may be tending. In doing this we cannot bat remember that we as a body have a history in our native land for which we may heartily thank God, We had our serious faults, but they have been, the faults of the age, while some of our leading chaxecteristics have been those «.ri«ing from our deliberate oo?viations as to the teach ings of God's word. We humbly dare to hope that our influence hu been felt in the making of some of the strongest elements of our counter's character. In three different directions our body has been nobly represented in our past history-. Cromwell, the uncrowned Jong, Milton, through whose outward darkness the inward fire flashed forth; Howe and Owen, among the mightiest ot theologians, prove that neither force of will, nor prophetic fire, nor intellectual might have been wanting to us; and all consecrated to the highest and drrinest use. Among the various theories of Church life and polity we may take the two most marina as typical—th« multitudinous and the selective. The former contemplates all men within certain boundaries who have been subject to certain ordinances as members'of the Church, contem plating it as a visible and organised commu nity, while the other regards th? Church as a Society of faithful men and women who are drawn together into association by spiritual .ffi-jfr-a., springing from a common life, drawn from Christ Jesus as the source and root, banded tegetherformntual edification, for the nJminfa. tration of Christ's ordinances, and for greater power and influence on the masses around them. In our case there is also the completeness of each worshipping society to ds all Church work and to regulate itself under law to Christ with out t?^«w<?l oontzol, the Bishop being the overseer of a Church, and sot of a group of Churches, except in the case of small qooJ?ties. This we believe to be the New Testament idea, and we also believe that, "fflwiflisliiiMiiiHi the infirmities that "H"g to everything . human, our practice has jus tified our method; and we would not willingly exchange our tried plans far anything in operation we- may see around us. "We are not <ii«n^iil« to the case that may be plausibly mad* out for the broad basis of Church fellow ship, as when, it is said " ff« plead with the wickedest men in asrpanahas on the vary ground ot their being Christians to lead lives conformable to their principles," but we have mot ss learned Christ. In our case we require a credible profession of personal faith in Christ, and a walk and conversation corresponding therewith. We say " personal faith" as distin guished from the mere general acknowledgment that our Lord lived and died to save men. It is true we may often have used unscriptnral methods to obtain this knowledge, that we may have often treated the Church as a fortress to be defended rathei than as a feast of rich blessings to which famishing sin ners are to be invited. But with our idea of what the objects of Christian fellowship are we are constrained to aeek Christian fellowship with those who are like-minded, and have some personal experience that they are translated OUt Of <Jlw fcrrag^^Tn rfrf al^A^m— itifatfclittfc ftf Lord, While we thus state our case, we are not <n—""M« to certain trmrimries to whioh we are liable, imperilling our very foundations. The present quickening of men 9* thoughts is producing in us, as in others, restlessness, and anxious gazing about for what is next to appear. We see, too, that other forms of religious orpwi.jtimi have some advantages which we imagine we have not. It is a trite remark that every form of Church life is perhaps the embodiment of some leading characteristic in itself good. We also admit that no Church «ver existing per fectly embodied the divine ides. Our special principle has been to throw the soul directly upon God; to bring it into communion with the divine through the Word and by the Spirit of the living God. We have always taught! that no man can stand between the soul and God in a priestly capacity, and that no ordinances can supply the lack of the soul's own personal- communion. We have to ap pearance reversed the common adage, "No salvation out of the Church, 1' by pTnTJng Christ for the Church, and making the Lord himself not only the door to spiritual I life, but the door to the Church itself. He objected to a recent lecture by Mr, Fronde, which contained a history of the manifestations of religiousness, for the author had missed the true point to which his subject should have led him, vis., that in all profoundly earnest sad simple forms of religious life the individual soul is thrown to a great extent on God himself rather than noon the nriesthood or sacra. nents or organisations; and when ibis ia done that one great fear—"the fear of God"— asts out all other feat—makes men resolute md untiring in doing what they believe Gol requires, and also enables them to stand done, co to spe*k, as nothing else in the world will, and to defy the world if naed be. And this ia what we have desired to do ia oar Church life. Now it seems to us as if some of our modern tendencies were in danger of weaken ing this principle and lowering this idea. One tendency of which we complain is seen in our supposednecessity to large increase of numbers, bo as to keep pace with all the other forms of religious life around us. Observe, we are not speaking now of the desire to carry the word of God to destitute neighborhoods. In this age of publicity the Ohnroh, too, seeks to lira in the blaze of pnblio life. Numbers are chronicled, results are tabulated, and we are thus under constant temptation to "measure ourselves by ourselves, end to compare ourselves among ourselves." And one effect of this effort is a feeling of jealousy of other bodies who may exhibit larger statistical returns than we, which calls for great watchfulness le?t there should be a weakening of that fraternal regard we should cherish to Christian Societies around us. The next ten dency arises from the former, and is a dissatis faction with onr long-cherished principleo, and a leaning towards a connectional form of organi zation. We have no Diocesan Episcopacy. Presbyterianiam and Methodism will often do things easily that are hard for us to accomplish, and may often avoid certain evils into which we are likely to fall. But we take the balance of good and evil, and we strongly feel that we could not alter onr system for another, even on the general ground of expediency, were we not satisfied with the divine authority of our principles; though, while claiming Srriptutsl authority for our piinciples, we are far from the sine for the form in which we may present them towards society. We might illus trate this question by reference to political onus of government. As Englishmen, we have often been loud in our praise of the autocratic rule of France, yet onoe more has history demonstrated that the gathering the life to a centre, instead of leaving each local point a centre of life, ia in the long ran a mistake. Another tendency arises from the develop ment of political power, worldly wealth, and social position in onr Churches. The progress of the country in material advancement has bean something unparalleled, and in that ad* vance the bodies of Christiana holding Noncon formist forms have been among the largest par ticipators. The result has been the cultiva tion of ideas before unknown to us. Our meeting-houses became chapels, and then chnrehjs. Our ministers are sometimes called clergy mi n. Our style of architecture is changed. To a large extent we have dropped the name Independent for the weak Americanism Congre gationalist. Onr Congregational singingis also in danger lest a few highly-cultivated and highly paid voices should be expected to do the singing, while the people content themselves with listen ing to' sweet music. Increasing wealth and social refinement have brought many of our people into contact with elasses of society who nave regarded dissent as a positive social stigma, ao that some are drawn away to the other side. Besides this, the possession of wealth has a tendency to lead, even Christian house holds, to the adoption of a style of life and of amusements of a worldly asd questionable character. Also, the way in which the lawful business of trade and commerce is carried on is often quite andistinguUhable from that of the world around. O that Christian men would learn that they are nowhere commanded to be rich and great, but that they are commanded to be holy, even as their Father in heaven is holy. Another ten dency, in the wide spread of general religious ness, with an accompanying laxity of view cf New Testament requirements, and the almost total neglect of doctrinal study, is the looking ! upon Christianity as a general code of morals —as a wide-spread purifier of the general life of nations—rather than what it is—a special revelation from God to rescue lost men, as individuals, from the curse and condemnation of sin. That theological study is at a. low ebb in some branehes of the Churoh is shown by Dr. Littiedale in the Contemporary Review, and that it is eo in other branches is a matter of personal experience, while the tone of the secular Press shows clearly the tendency I have alluded to, as instanced by the recent article in the Times on Chinese mis sions. We cannot affirm too loudly our convic tion that the Gospel did not come from God, ratified by the blood of Christ, to improve legislation, to purify society. «r to make the lot of man on earth more tolerable as its primary re mit. Kay, verily, God's method is to aot on centres, and then in circumferences, on indi viduals saved by Hil) grace, and through them on those within reach of their influence. The comparison of spiritual work should not be compared with a Board of Health, but with the physicians' work, who ooifcea to dying men with an infallible remedy fresh from the hand of God. If the Gospel does not this last, I fail to see what its use is, for in nations in which it has proved its power we see many of the direst evils of society yet rampant. War ia more frequent than it was in Pagan Home. Slaverr has only lately been ex tinguished. Pauperism and crime abound, and the depths of social degradation are as profound in London, Glasgow, and New York, as they are in many countries where the Goepel is not known. These tilings are blots upon oar Christian escutcheon, but assuredly they will never be oared by our forgetfolness of the per sonal and individual nature of Christian work. We observe in the tone of preaching among Svangelieal bodies a tendency towards an indis criminate application of the law of Christian life to the mass of hearers, as if Christian work were merely regulative instead of regenerative. The peril is that of mistaking ourselves;, and causing others to mistake a mere external conformity with the ethics of the Ten Commandments, combined with going to service twice on Sunday, for the demand made by :the Gospel for the heart, the whole heart, and nothing but the heart of the en9dxen of men. The foregoing are some of the dangerous tendencies; yet let it not be thought for a, moment that we are insen sible to the evidence of good around, that indi cate a new stage in the Church's development. For example-^The growing sentiment of unity and co-operation among the Churches in some directions, notwithstanding the widening of the breaches between them in others. In some direction* this desire for onion takes the form of ecclesiastical coalition, as we have Been it accomplished among the Pretby. tedana, and talked of in Conference, &c;, among several other bodies. To me it seems that in moat cases this is but a dream at present, albiet, a dream that indicates the direction of waking thoughts. The inestimable blessing both to the Church end the. world of the oneness of life in Christ and the oneness of pur pose and aim which the Gospel inculcates can not be doubted when we read the tender words of the Master in John xv., 12, sad xvii, 2L But the fulfilment of this dearest wish of the Lord's heart seems to be oapable of as complete ■.fulfilment with a large measure of outward diversity as with entire amalgamation of all existing Church organizations, if there only be oneness of heart in Christ. Another satisfactory point, to us at least, is the "im^t in which some of the principles of Churoh. life; which we have always regarded as fundamental, have appeared in unlooked-for and unlikely places. High Churchmen sometimes enunciate the in dependence of the Churoh from State oontrdL In the Church of England, too, we have seen a greater prominence giving to the teaching ministry, while the disestablishment of existing State Churches is a question coming to the political surface in most countries promising to result in the complete severance of this unholy ■.liiannp There is also evidence not only of growing religiousness, as seen in the great pre ponderance in number of distinctly religions publications each year over any other class of literature, but also many helps to the better un derstanding of the Bible thin used to be (seen. Theresultof ages of mere textual preaching, and ' of the use of words of Scripture for any purpose to which thoy can in their isolated form be applied, is beginning to yield to a more thought ful consideration of the scope and mining of the writers of the Bible. Through the writings of such men as Alford and Stanley new ideas of the uteof Scripture will spring up, and that good day in which a revised text and a truthful division of the books shall supersede the pre sort chapter and versa system is not far distant. In conclusion, let it be ours to hold to the great verities of Scriptural troth firmly, and to tout them implicitly. It has been onr fate to be thought by worldly men imprac ticable, and so it must mat be where oar principle* are dearly seen and firmly grasped. We seem to have been often defeated, but we have always been victorious in our defeats. After every sueoesrive failure we nave only to restate our case, and to continue to do it with that pertinacious nssnrsnnfi that springs fromla living faith. But to this end there must be in our individual hearts a complete submisdon to Christ as the only Lord and teacher, and an equally dear perception that men can only be saved by the divine meass. Add to this patience in woriring/prayiag, and waiting, that can only spring from a consciousness of a Divine power underlying and rewarding all we do, and we cannot but conquer through Him who hath loved us. Toe Ser. Mr. U&nthobpx; proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Cox,-for his able, eloquent, and interesting address. A number of reports had to be read, and therefore it would be unwise to enter fully into the various points touched upon by Mr. Cox; but he would say he had never listened to an address from the chair with greater pleasure than the one delivered that night. (Hear, near.) He was exceed ingly pleased at the outspoken expression of their principles, especially that of personal faith in the Lord Jesus Christ being the basis of Church life. He had noticed a tendency from this direction, which he deplored and hoped would not increase. The Kev. J. Gibson seconded. The Bev. C. B. Stubs moved the adjournment of the debate, so that a fuller expression of their, views upon the address might be given. He was mnch gratified at the way in which those grand old principles of their Churoh life had been enunciated. The Bev. Mr. Mahthobpe seoondsd. and this was carried. SBOBX. The Bev. E. Griffiths read the'annual report, I under:— MEBHNGa.—The monthly meetings of the knnmittee during the year now expiring have een duly held, and the attendance almost ithout exception good, averaging nearly 17. •nee only did it fall below 16. The number of uetings held, including two specially called, is 5\. To expedite the business of the Union, the !ommitteo appointed several Sub-Committees, rhose meetings have also been well attended. Assisted Churches.—The first important uty that fell to the new Oommittee to dis harge.was the consideration of the claims of iur weaker Churches to pecuniary assistance. )nt of the estimated income of the Union Hie ollowing grants were made for the year which losed March 31 :— Milaso, £75. —This sum was voted in con ideration. of the failure of the crops in the liatrict, and because of the recent settlement of lev. T. Davies, as pastor; on the understanding, lowever, that the sum of £25 should be deducted rom the amount of any average grant the Union night make to the Church the next year.* Besides the above grant from the ordinary :ands of the Mission, the sum of £74 was ipecially raised, principally by a few membsrs >f Committee, on behalf of Kev. O. D. Watt, [ate of Milsng, now through age and infirmity retired from the ministry. Kir. Davies reports the average attendance at the Sabbath services—Milang, 90; Point Start, 15\. The amount raised for all purposes— Milling, £107 18a. lOd.; Point Start, £25. Early in the year 1871, the 17 communicants were formally constituted a Church, to which 19 members were subsequently added. Mr. Davies also established a Sunday-school, which, at the date of report, numbered 55 scholars and eight teachers, and had a library of 120 vols. ; a Bible class with an average attendance of 16 ; and a weekly and likewise an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. Happy Valley, £40.—Bev. C. Hall reports the financial condition of the Church, as com pared with the year before, " a little better," and spiritually " much more encouraging." Average attendance on Lord's Day, 120; Church, members, 39; a "prosperous" Sabbath school, with 80 scholars and 10 teachers. The amount raised for all purposes during the year, £98 17s. 71d. "The Churoh is far from being able at present to maintain.its minuter, on account of its poverty." Pokt Viotob, Encounter Bat, akd Bald Hols, £75.—These Ohurohes are unitedly under the pastorate of Kev. C Hodge, who reports that the Church at Fort Victor has "suffered through removals and depression in trade; 1' that the Church at Encounter Bay is " about the same;" and that Bald Bills Church has " declined very much through loss of crops and removals." The average attendance at the three places respectively on Sabbath services is 100, 40, and 40; Church members, 13,9,12; Sabbath-school scholars and teachers, 69 and 9, 20 and 3. 39 and 5. Amounts raised during the year—Port Victor, £6L 18a. 4^3. ; Encounter Bay, £18 os. 61; Bald Hills (including £6 9s. from the Sabbath-school), £26 19*. Mr. Hodge adds, "we have suffered from the loss of another harvest, and oar needs are m jch more preaain than they were last year." Kumna, £30.—The average attendance on Lord's Day is—at Kadina. 125; at Green's Plains, 40; Church members, 65; Sunday scholars, 112; teachers, 16. The position of the Church, as compared with the previous year, " slightly improved in almost every re spect. Tha Oommittee rejoice to be able to report' that this Church has now become self- sustain, ing. Mr. Hall, finance secretary, writes, " I am requested by the pastor and members of the Kadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best aud heartfelt thanks for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years, and to in form you that at the expiration of the present grant they will not require any further aid." Goolwa, £25.—Tnis Church, under the pas torate of Bev. J. Hotham, of Fort Slliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from 50 to60; the members number2o; the Sabbath school 36 children and 5 tftwe^prw. Amount raised during the year, £40. Though some of the Church and congregation have left the neighborhood, *' the number attending public worship is increasing." High- stbeit, Kinsinqton.—ln addition to the above grants, vote! early in the (■™«M year, a special grant of £10 was made in January to this Church, Bev. W. Nioholls reports that during tfae nine preceding months the sum of shout £77 was raised for all purposes ; that the Sabbath-school has 48 children and 9 teachers; that the Church members number 30, being an increase of 9; and that the eongre gation has doubled. Assistance at .the present time, from the f and of the Union, is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not be long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will " cheerfully" do so. Auu. * IAEsa —An application for a grant of £50 for one year has just been received from this Church, which, after several yean* depen dence on occasional ministerial services, is about to secure a settled pastor. Hooghton.—This is the only station regu larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission. 1" Mr. Hc?win reports an improve ment in the attendance, which now averages about 25. A. weekly Bible Class of "from Bto 10 lads" is held; also a Sabbath school of 70 scholars and 9 teachers. It is in contemplation to form a Church here. The position is "on the whole much better" than it waa last year. The Committee applied in October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Bastern portion of this province. They represented that Lacepede Bay—the only apot in Che South-Eost where -Independency hat established a footing—offered m field of laboi that over-reached the powers of any one man, and that if the Society could send out a quali. fied young man to co-operate with the Bev. D. Milne, and contribute for the present, say £100 per annum towards bis sup port, the Union would guarantee an equal amount. . Reasons were addnced to the Com. odttee for believing that the request would meet with the favorable oonside?ttion of the Society. No reply has been received beyond < formal acknowledgment of rooeipt of applica tion, in which, however, the Secretary, Bev. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the state of the Society's finances would not permit the granting of such assistance, bat that he -wonlc bring the matter before the executive of the Society at their earliest meeting. PfiM?DKHor.—The resolution passed at the last annual meeting was duly forwarded to the Governor. It issued in a correspondence be tween His Bxcellency and the Oommittee whicl was published in the daily papers, 25th May. The Committee then proposed to memorialise tiie Legislature on the subject, but the Bev. F. W. Cox having in the meantime consulted with representatives of other denominations, il was resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, which finally vanished from the Committee, 12th September. MnnBTEEiAL Tbahhho.—The Oommittee resolved, June 13th, that it was desirable " to encourage and assist a few suitable young mem, members of our Churches, to prepare themaelvca for the Christian numstry;' 1 aid that to secure this end it was further ri?sirahlw to obtain if possible theco- operatianofotherdenominationa; and that the Baptists and Presbyterian bodies Bhoold be invited jointly with this Oommittee to consider the question. Favorable replies having been received, delegates from the three denominations met, and prepared afewreoom mendation?, which were aooepted by the Bap tist Association, -the Presbytery, and, at the half-yearly meeting, our own Union. A Council composed of six representatives of each of these three bodies was formed, and the result has been made public in the prospectus of " Union College." Mihistkbs' Peovideht Fran.—The subject of making provision for our ministers, when by reason of age or infirmity they are Innapartitatflfl for the active duties of the pastorate, was brought before the Committee at its first meeting, and reasonable expectations tere created that some influential ""^"lV*l ** of Oommittee would prepare and take charge of a measure to be submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After repeated delays and disap pointments, it was suggested the Ministers' Provident Fund of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a basis far the conside ration of the question; and as Bev. J. O. McMiohaei, of Gawler, had till recently re aided in Viotoria, he was requested to introduce that scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting. He kindly consented, A general discussion at that meeting waa followed by the appointment of a Select Oommittee, oomposed of Messrs. Cox, Ferguson, Hay, Lewis, M.Mintiai.^ Smedley, Stow, and Griffiths, to prepare a scheme for submission to the present Bulbs or the Uhion.—The attention of the Oommittee was early called to toe desirability of amending the By-laws, so as to define the duties of the Secretaries, determine more care fully the method of conducting the meetings of Committee, arrange a more aatmfantoiy plan for the nomination of Offioers and Oommittee for election at the annual meetings, &o.; A list of revised By-laws was in course of consiflnratlon, when—the inadequate and meagre character of the existing General Bules having been formally noticed and acknowledged—it was withdrawn in favor of a more comprehensive list of Bales, in which the most important elements of the proposed By-laws should be incorporated. These revised Boles have for some time been in the hands of ministers and delegates, and will be submitted to the present meeting. Half-yearly Mestteq.—This was held at Port Adelaide, October 26th. The attendance of ministers and delegates was large. Magazine.—The position of the South Aiu • After a service of fifteen months, having resolved to resign the pastorate and return to England, and fearing the Church might suffer in consequence of the condition which he under stood to be attached to a portion of the above grant, Mr. Davies offered to refund to the Union the said sum of £25; the Committee declined to consider his offer, and decided not to insist on any aooh condition. 1 + Shipley will nowprobably be again taken up by the Home Mission, Bev. B. Griffiths having been obliged to resign the pastorat whan Independent, now under the editorial oanagementof Bev. F.W. Cox, is, in a financial apeot, highly satisfactory. But the number of opies issued, about 580, the Oommittee con. idem might be easily enlarged, and they venture arnertly to hope that this meeting wOl promote , much more extensive circulation of the Ma gazine among our congregations, feTAmnos.—The following figures are en ibstraot of the Retains of oar Churches, for raided at the request of the Government :— Sittings. Average attendance, 1869\. 8,203 5,052 1672\. 7,941 4,750 Members. Sunday scholars. 1869\. 1,338. 3,085 1872\. 1,671 3,103 The above an an approximate estimate only. Jome Churches decline to furnish the desired particulars, and among the answers are son>e obvious errors. Kevkw. —The Oommittee desire to express their gratitude to the Eternal God who has been through another year the refoge of our Churches; beneath whose eye, and resting on whose everlasting aims thii tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and his foun tain has been mpon a land of corn and wine. "Bless, Lord, his substance, and accept the work of his hands." ItgivestheOommitteegreat joy to be able to utter their congratulations with Stow Memorial Churoh in that it hai pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length another and well accredited pastor. Rev. Colmer B. Symes, B. A., arrived in Ada hide in March, received a hearty welcome, expected haid werk, and immediately plnnged into his labors. The Committee, on the other hand, sincerely regret the departure from the province of Her. T. Davies, and deeply sympa thise with the now bereaved Church at MOang, among whom daring the past year his ministry —a servioe of talented faithfulness—presented a pledge so foil of hope. May God direct the steps of oar brother to that part of the vineyard destined to be oscupied by tiwn, and may He send another out, or raise an other here, to take his place. Rev. A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria. The Oommittee rejoice, however, in the ex pectation that he will before long return, and permanently devote bis valuable services to the Churches of South Australia. It has given much satisfaction to the Committee to learn that the Churoh at Alma Plains has invited Mr. J. A. Dome, lately letornad from «~>t?«ti* L to become their pastor, and that Mr. DowHvwhoae labors in that district before his departunZmn the colony have not been nnblest or forgotten, has accepted the call. Knowing " the forward ness of his mind," and that "it is good to be zealously affected always in ■> good thing," the Oommittee wish Mr. Dowie God speed, and pray not only, that he may give full proof of his ministry, but also that his zeal may " provoke very many." The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has not been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any areumstanoe arisen of a nature to bring upon the TTnionauddenand peculiar sorrow. And they humbly pray that o our Churches the coming year may not only be as free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, but that it may be marked by more abundant and abiding mercies. May it be a season in which every one of our Churches, from the least to the greatest, shall enter into a profounder rest, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the lord, and in tile comfort of the Holy Ghost, be multiplied. And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in South Australia, which are "not of this fold." The report was formally adopted, and the discussion upon it adjourned till next day. FtHAHOIaTi BKPOBT. Mr. G. Sortmqoub, before reading this report, referred regretfully to the absence of Mr. A. Gore, who otherwise would have readit. Mr. Gore, he said, was one who had done the Church good servioe—(hear, hear)—bat their regret at his departure was lessened by know ing that they bad an able exponent of their principles where one was wanted—at the Northern Territory. The balance-sheet shewed a balance in hand bom last ynar of £70 Os. 3d.; subscriptions received during the year, £272 10s. 74.; total receipts, £342 10s. lOd. Expenditure —Grants to Ohnroh.es, £225 * other disbime ments,; £50 Ha. 7d.; total, £305 Ha. 7d.; leaving a balance in hand of £3619*. 3d. The report was formally adopted, and the debate on it adjourned tall next day. stiaazOT bxfobx. Mr. W. TLAjm read the magarinn report, which wm unique, as it showed no liabilities. The total assets were £60 18a. Id., ?n«iin«.^ however, a large amount due Sat ™ff««Tf delivered; £25 voted at last half-yearly meet ing to the editors and publisher bad been paid, as also yfl incidental *■!■«■■■■>, so *h*-t x after two and a half years' tixpsrienoa, the publica tion of the Tnagsrine had been a saoowa. A decrease in the circulation of the magazine was regretted, bat it was hoped that the Ohurohes would do all they oould to promote its usefulness and circulation. UUUUOH BUHVDDU} FOHD BXPOBE. Mr. CL Smkdlxt in reading this report said there was as increase of £61 Os. 6d. in the funds. The Gburches aided were in a healthy condi tion, and no doubt would repay the moneys which had been granted them. He referred to the good done through the medium of this fund, and trusted it would reoeive increased assistance, last year the assets amounted to £1,536 2a. lOd., and this year they were £L,«97 3a. 4d., andeonaist?dof-ba?, £1,492 4s. 3d., interest,£6l7s.lOd,; rent, £4Hi; bank,£3s lls. lOd.; and cash, £385.6d. The report was adopted, and the diammrion upon it adjourned till the following day. This concluded the day's business. The Bev. E. Qumr?? annonnond tiui the meetings would be com tinned on the fallowing day by prayer, business, tea, and public meet ings. 