TOWN TALK. At the meeting of the Town Council to be held on Monday the council will be asked " to consider a letter received from M. S. Levy, Esq., resigning his office of alderman for Villamanta Ward, and, con tingent npon such resignation being ac cepted, to fix the fine consequent thereon; and, if deemed necessary, to proceed to the election of an alderman for the said ward to fill the vacancy." At the same meeting the council will " consider and order on the best means to be adopted to ensure the lighting of the town with gas at a cheaper rate than is now charged." The improvements at Kardinia Park are being vigorously prosecuted. The whole of the fencing will, it is expected, he com pleted in the course of next week, and in the meantime a watch is kept to protect cattle trespassing, and planting has been commenced. Deciduous trees, which it is necessary to have planted in the early part of the season, have been planted out on either side of the diagonal roads formed through the park, and willows and shrubs are being placed along the edges of the artificial ponds and dams, which the late rains have filled. The proceedings in connection with the insolvent estate of Lawrence Webster, sequestrated on the 25th of July, have, in consequence of an application made by the trustees, been transferred from Melbourne to Geelong. At a meeting held subse quent to the sequestration Mr Simson, who appeared as proxy for two of the creditors, was appointed trustee, 5 per cent, being allowed for the assets collected. i An accident occurred near Cressy on i Wednesday night, to a young-man named James Leidweil. He was driving a team of bollocks along the main road, and was attempting to turn them to one side, when one of the bullocks kicked him and frac tured his right leg below the knee. On I the following evening he was admitted- to the hospital. { Owners of cows who are in the habit of I allowing their animals to wander in the streets instead of driving them to and from the common, will do well to take the hint given them by the Mayor in the Police Court yesterday (Friday), when he stated in fining four individuals that they ren dered themselves liable to a penalty of £5. It is, as he said, a very dangerous practice, and must be put down; and if the in spector wishes to make a really good ex ample and make owners only use what.tbey pay for (the common), he will go beyond the streets to the Eastern slopes, where, on any afternoon, he will be able to find a numerous herd of beasts who cut up the soil and render a pleasant place of resort dangerous for nursegirls and theiryoung charges. Mr A. C. Macdonald's "Newfoundland" must be a wonderful dog. A week or two ago, when the animal was accused of worrying sheep at Bellerine, a statement was put in to the effect, and austained, that at the time the sheep were worried he was in another part of the country ; in other words, he proved an alibi. Within the last -week his owner reported that the animal had been, poisoned, having been assured that Buch was the case by a corpo ration employe, who had Jpickcd up the dead body of the dog and buried it. Either the dog must have been in a trance, and some body-snatchers must have been at work, or else it must have been the do" which worried the sheqp that was poisoned^ as yesterday morning who should walk into Mr Macdonald's office but his lost pet, who, as may be surmised, was only the "ghost" of his former self.' At last we have had three fine days in succession. It was fine on Wednesday, finer , on Thursday, and finer still on Fri day. The river is rapidly receding within its usual limits, the roads leading out of town are scented by wattle and other blossoms, which have burst out quite suddenly, and the appearanee of things in general is far different to what it was one short week ago. * When the experiment was made in the Market-square with asphalte pavement, it was thought that it would never stand the climate, that it would be melted on a hot wind day ; and just about that time came the news that the great fire in Dnnedin was assisted by the gaa tar pavement there. As it turned out the pavement in the Market-square stood all the hot weather last summer exceedingly well, bat it is now worn away in several places, having been softened by the wet weather. , Some time ago reference as made to tho be willing to pay a shilling or so a week extra for the payment of a man or boy to drive their cows to and from the common. Immediately the commons managers in stituted an enquiry into the matter, and sent the town herdsman round to see how many would contribute in the manner proposed. He reported that so few would do so, only some four or five, that it would not pay any man to undertake the task. Whether the town herdsman went round to every commoner was not elicited, but he has already expressed himself as unwilling to undertake the duties even if every person who employed him paid him 3s a week. At the Police Court, yesterday, Mr W. H. Collins, who was among those fined for allowing a cow to stray, stated it would be a great boon if such an arrangement was made, and it is believed that if the question was properly placed before the commoners there would be few who would not willingly contribute, more especially now that they see the inspectors are de termined to prosecute them if they allow their cattle to stray. And it is not on these grounds alone that the appointment of a driver is advisable. There are many persons who would like to keep a cow if they could get the animal driven to and fro at as cheap a rate as suggested. Having been unable to procure any birds in Geelong, the hon. secretary pro tcm. has < arranged for a supply of pigeons from Mel bourne for the match which is to be fired this afternoon by the members of the newly formed gun club. Members wish ing t o join in the sport can ascertain the locality by applying to the secretary or Mr Asche. A very wealthy squatter, one of whose stations is near Geelong, in the hare country, has devised a remedy for coursing poachers. He has spread poison over his run, owners of greyhounds had therefore better be on their guard. It is Baid the poison has been spread in consequence of sheep having been worried. ~The Rev. A. D. Kininmont, of Nort]j Melbourne,' is announced to conduct divine service in Ryrie-street Presbyterian Church to-morrow morning and evening. The in duction of the Rev. J. D. Robertson to the pastorate is appointed to take place next Thursday evening. The Corporation bye-law providing punishment for those who neglect to carry a drag-chain with their dray, is doubtless a wise one, but if the evidence of a defen dant named "Wright is to Be believed the ' fixing of a drag-chain is sometimes attended with danger. Tiiis man stated when sum moned for having no drag-chain, that his horse was a queer-tempered one and so steunch that if it found any resistance would drag away a cart and smash it. The magistrates did not believe in his statement so they fined him. One would have thought that from the many butchers who erected private slaugh ter-houses outside the "two-mile" limit, after Mr Webster had become the lessee-of the abattoirs, and the talk there was about his having made a bad spec in becoming the lessee of the corporation markets, that no person would have been bold enough to give anything for his unexpired lease, which expires on the 31st January. Such however, was not the case, as proved by the price realised yesterday (Friday) by Mr M. S. Levy. Mr Webster was to have paid £1060 a-year, or at the rate Of £89 3s 4d per month, payable fortnightly in advance,' and there was a sum of £46 5s due for rent up to September 1st. This liability the purchaser was to take up. Nevertheless, the bidding was very brisk until finally Mr Jarman became the purchaser for the sum of £50. In the same estate a sale was subsequently held at Cowie's Creek, when numerous buyers came from town and the surrounding district. Special services, with full cathedral j music, are announced to be held to- morrow morning and evening, at Trinity Church. Sermons will be delivered on the occasion by the Rev. P. P. Strickland, and the choir of the church will be strengthened by members of other choirs. The Public Works Committee are evi dently determined that there shall be no further cause for surmising, in the event of any man being missing after a heavy fall of rain, that he has been washed down the .ewer near Messrs C. J. Deonys and Oo.'a new store, for they intend to ask the council to consider and order upon the advisability of fixing additional bars to the inlet of the sewer. As this can be done at a very triflinz cost, it doubtless will be done. The Rev. W. H. Lawrence, of Carlton, is to preach to-morrow, morning and even ing, in the Independent Church, illop street. The third match at quoits between the players of Birregurra and Winchelsea and the members of the Geelong Quoit Club will commence this- morning at eleven o'clock, on the Crown Hotel quoit ground, where excellent ends have been prepared. The representatives of each place havs already been named, and the following .will be the order in which the games will be commenced, two games being played simultaneously, viz:-Between 11 and half-past 11, M'Mullen v. M'Callum, and Templeton v. Anderson; 2.'30 p.m., Hawkes v. Barr, and Prime v. Cox; 4 p.m., Gullan v. Rippon, and King v. Rourke. Each game will be 41 up. _ At the conclusion of the match the visitors will be entertained at dinner by the players, members, and admirers of the game who may desire to be present. _ The Barrabool ploughing match, com mittee have at last deemed it advisable to publish their prize list, which has long been enquired about by intending com petitors. It will be found in our adver tising columns, and has been framed on so liberal a scale that it cannot fail to give satisfaction. The money prizes amount to between £50 and £60, and there are a number of special prizes which ought to induce ample competition. The match is to be held on Mr James Anderson s farm, a convenient distance from town, on Thursday next. The annual dinner will be held in the evening at the Barrabool Inn, Ceres. Mr Franks announces that his new show room for the exhibition of pictures and art will be ready for opening on or about the 1st of September. The first of a seriea of lectures on the " Miracles," will be delivered at the High Church, Gheringhap-street, by the Bev. T. M'Kenzie Frazer, to-morrow morning. The Geelong Bellringers, the Lynch J family, gave an entertainment at Heidel berg on Thursday evening, when they were greeted by a large and enthusiastic audience. "We would call the attention of our readers to the advertisement of the Phil harmonic Society's concert on the 27th instant. From all accounts, it will prove a most successful termination to the season musically. Only a limited number of reserved tickets are available, so early application for them will be necessary. We observe that Madame Miranda Hirst, who is to take the part of Donna Elvira, made quite an impression in Melbourne the Other night in her rendering of the soprano solos in the " Messiah," a task that few undertake successfully, so that we antici pate a treat. Should the weather continue fine this afternoon there will doubtless be a numer ous muster of players on the football ground, where, at half-past two o'clock, sides will be chosen for a scratch match. Attention is called to an announcement made by Mr W. S. Howell, with reference to an alteration of time in commencing his usual weekly sales. News reached town last (Thursday) night that Mr Alex. Moffatt, of Springfield station, had committed suicide by cutting his throat. The occurrence took place on Tuesday evening, the dead body of the un fortunateagentleman being found at nine o'clock that evening in a room at the house of his brother, Mr Robert Moffatt. We (Bendigo Advertiser) understand that the deceased was travelling with prize sheep, and stopped at Wytcheproof station, on the Avoca river, the property of Mr Robert Moffatt. No reason has been assigned for the rash act. During an interval betweent the races at Bungaree on Thursday, a fair equestrienne eBsayed a trial of speed with a yonng gentleman, and passed the grand stand two v length* before ljitn j but even in the very moment of victory her horse stum bled, and galloped away laden with nothing heavier that the habit which stuck . to the saddle. Beyond a slight shock to the system, the young- lady suffered no injury from the fall, and soon rote with quite enough clothes left to shield her from the gentle wind then blowing, as well as the less gentle scan of her surrounding sisters. We (Star) believe her father's name has long since been given to one of our principal reservoirs. During Friday the Engineer-in-Chief Mr Higinbotham, with other officials of the railway department, were engaged for some time in an inspection of the improve ments which are being carried out under the supervision of Mr Bagot, at the en trance to the Flemington Kacecourse from the railway. The improvements (remarks the Herald) consist in an extension of the platform, and re-placing gates in more convenient positions, and when finished the public will have no reason to complain that their comfort has not been well looked after. _ ' The Chief Secretary oa Thursday read, ! in the Legislative Assembly, two telegrams which had passed between himself and the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales relative to the Border Customs question. The first was the one despatched on Wed nesday, which the Chief Secretary intended to have afterwards countermanded, viz: - " If your Parliament is prorogued, how do you propose to complete a treaty to come at once into operation, and binding on both Legislatures?" The reply of Mr Parkes, dated yesterday, (Thursday), was as follows:-"This Government cannot hold itself responsible for any delay in the settlement of the border question which may be caused by the prorogation of -Par liament. We are prepared to proceed with the agreement to carry out tne proposal made in my letter of the 7th, and assented to by your telegram of the 12th, and a draft agreement will be submitted by letter for your concurrence in a day or two, and the assent of South Australia invited. The sanction of Parliament clearly cannot now be obtained until next session. The recess, however, will be short." Mr Francis postponed any statement of the intentions of the Government until the despatch re ferred to ia the telegram had been recived. Friday's Herald says;-A little con trctemps occurred to-day with respect to the manner in which a certain tender had been sent in for supplying points and cross inga for the North-eastern line. It is usual for tenders to be accompanied by a cash de posit, but in the case of Robison and Co. they omitted to enclose money, but produced it in the board room. Air Steavensou, one of the members of the Board of Land and Works, commented on this de parture from the general rule, and asked whether any of the other tenderers present objected to the tender of Robison and Co. being dealt with along with the others. To this Mr Edwards replied, " Yes, he did, on tie ground that last week a tender of his had been thrown out because his deposit was in the shape of a cross cheque instead of cash, and he had laboured under the impression that such a deposit was quite as good as money; the bank authorities were bound to pay it." On the part of Robison and Co., it was contended that on previous occasions money had been handed in as deposits otherwise tban enclosed in the tenders, and tenders had not been rejected by reason thereof. After some further remarks, Mr Steavenson said he would accept the deposit subject to the protest, and submit the question to the Commis sioner of Railways for his opinion. In the Bailarat Insolvent Court, on Thursday, an examination meeting was held in the estate of Lee Soon, the Chinese storekeeper who was recently arraigned on a charge of perjury and acquitted. It was attempted to be shown by the opposing creditors that Lee Soon, had fraudulently made over his property to Lee Ah Shea j and Ah Hoy, of Melbourne; but these 1 persons were not called, although other [ witnesses Vere examined. Lee Soon was closely interrogated as to what he had done with certain moneys which he , received on his marriage, the custom amongst the Chinese being that those who attend the marriage feast shall contribute towards the expenses of the same. Lee Soon received £220 Is in this manner on the happy day when he took to himself a bride; but as he gave four marriage feasts, these jollifications cost him £200 15s 9d, so that there was merely £19 5s 3d to' be accounted for. The examination closed, but (says the Courier) the case is iikely to excite some interest amongst the Celestials when it comes on again on the 12th Sep tember. Three corrections are necessary in the examination lists of the Melbourne Univer sity published in our columns yesterday. The name of Michael George Conway, who passed the matriculation examination, was omitted, and in the civil service list the name "Bennett" should be Barrett. In the same list the name of one of the ladies ^vho passed the civil service ex amination, and also that for matricula tion was not properly given. Euphemia Baker is the name of the successful student. These errors were not ouri' Mr H. A. Morrison's letter is in type, but as he has infringed the etiquette which prevails in these matters by sending it to another paper, it cannot now appear. 