PARKES AND HIS DOINGS. TO the editor of the irish citizen. Sydney, May 16. Sir,— By recent events, it so happens that the greatest libeller of Irishmen, this day, in the Australian colonies, is now called on to direct the affairs of this free and glorious country ; and, ( an all sincerity, I ask every lover of liberty and free institutions, and especially Irishmen, to re flect a little before they place in power a man who has done so much to damage the charac ter of this -country. This political bharlatan, in his present address to the electors of East Sydney, adroitly says in the latter portion of it : — "I and my colleagues have come into office, not by any machinations in our behalf, but by the fair and legitimate working of the Constitu tion. In the performance of our high duties we shall seek to labor for the country alone protecting the liberties of. the people , regarding all interests in the light of the public welfare bending to no improper influence, and, while pursuing this path, fearing no result." This is the man, who, at the late generalelec- tions for East Sydney, stated he was the author of the colonial Treason -Felony Bill. Didn't he re gard the people's liberties, on that memorable occasion, to a large extent ? Can it be forgotten . that he employed a dozen or so special blood- bounds to carry into effect the special clauses of this same bill, by loafing and hanging about the tap-rooms of Sydney, to entrap the unthinking and unwary during those trying times — those specials whose business I can only liken to that of the late infamous and notorious scoundrel Talbot, whose name will stand execrated for all time Do Irishmen forget that convicted criminals were set at liberty from Darlinghurst Gaol, pro vided with a carte blanche from the then Colo nial Secretary, for the aim and purpose of fer- retting out the new crime that he said existed? Mr. Parkes had then great regard for the " people's liberty," and more particularly for the disloyal class he now expects to vote for him. Is the Kiama ghost story so soon to be forgot ten ? Mr. Parkes stated then what he has never yet retracted. Can Irishmen and Irishwomen forget the sneers and infamy that were hurled at them by their masters and employers during those treason-felony times ? Let it be distinctly understood that all those alarms and terrors were verified by a Minister of the Crown — Mr. Parkes and therefore had a semblance of fact and truth about them. It was no fault of Mr. Parkes that homes were not made desolate through the machina- tions of his bloodthirsty specials. Mr. Parkes has never shown the smallest contrition for his past career. Therefore, I trust, that on next Wednesday, Irishmen will rightly estimate the man who did not hesitate to use the vilest and most disreputable means to cast reproach and stigma on their character when they were help less to defend themselves. Yours, . An Irishman. « . 