EAST SYDNEY ELECTION.— THE NOMINATION. Ox Monday last, tlio nomination for East Sydney took place. Mr.-G. King proposed Mr. l'arkes, and Mr. 13. Rhodes seconded. Mr. J. Begg nominated, and J. P. ' Falser seconded, Mr. James Jones. The Hon. Henry Parkes, who was greeted wicli cheers, said lie felt much obliged to tho mover and seoondur of tho other candidate, inasmuch ns they had not accused him of being an accomplice in the Parrainatta River murders. They had said nothing now. Everything 'that could ho said of him had already' been said, short of sotno such crime as ho had alluded to. But thero were other men quite as competent to form an opinion of his character ns tlioy wero. There were other men possessing quite as acute consciences as they had. Thero were other men possessing as clear sensibilities ns to what was right and proper ns thoy possessed. And wliero one. of such mon spoke in that reckless way in abuse of him, there wero n thousand read' to apeak in his honour. (Applnuso.) There was another reflection which forced itself upon his mind to-day — that men, inconceivably his superior, had to submit to the same kind of abuse. Thero nevor yet was a man — even George Washington, whom posterity now regarded as tho very model of purity — there nover yet was' a man who took a bold and independent course in public lifo but who called up hosts of enemies. And he was thankful to say that ho had bis enemies, because it was n proof that ho had not shrunk from doing his duty. (Cheers.) Ho was thankful that in this contest, if contest it was to bo, thnt ho had such gentlomon as the mover and seconder againBt him. (Laughter.) But if those persons who were behind the scenes, who wero using tho other cnndidnto Bimply as a cat's-paw, really desired to oppose him, why did not Mr. Robertson rosign his soat and meet him (Mr. Parkes) in tho present contest ? That gentleman had threatened to take that that course often. Why did he not do it now, if there waB any such groaprinciplo involved in bis re- election, ns tho gentleman who had nominated the other candidate had told the electors there was ? 'Well, Mr. Robert son was not here, and it was well known man after man had been waitod upon — ("No") — and no man of any public position offered to come forward to oppose his (Mr. Parkos's) re-olection. Well, now, he would come at once to tho position in which ho stood before the electors to-dhy. Three months ago they, the electors of East Sydney, returned him by tho largest number of votes recorded throughout the country, (Cheers.) What had ho dono sinco then which was not strictly in accordance with the nrincinles which ho announced when they pronounced upon him that magnificent verdict. Was there a single act of his which thoy cou'.d point to — which hi - bitterest enemy could point to — which was tlion inconsistent with what ho thon told thorn he would do ? Ho told thorn he would oppose tho Ministry then in powor. They elected him to do it. Had ho not done it ? And in contributing his mito towards displacing those gentlemen, had he not rendered groat public service ? (Cheers.) Woll, those gentlemen went out of office, and another gentlemen was eutrustod with tho formation of another Administration. That , gentleman had nine dayB for his work. A ' voice: "You opposed him." He did not oppose him in any way whatever. He never in private said one single word to induce any friend of his (Mr. Parkos's) from joining that gontletnan. (Hear, hoar.) Ho left him to take His course, and ho loft his own friends to take thoir course. But that gentleman relinquished the task, nnd hy. the sheer operation of tho principles of the Constitution under whioh we lived his Excellency sent for him. (Cheers.) He in no way thrust himself upon the course whioh had led him to his present high position. He had arrived at this high and distinguished position by the fair and legitimate working of tho Constitution. And thoy miirht rest assured be would, do his utmost to fulfil the duties that wero requirod of him. (Cheers.) Well, what did ho do? He did not take the course which other porsons hnd taken, he did not resort to any improper courso in ondeavouring to form an Administration ; but he sought the co-opera tion of somo of the ablest, some of the most honourable, some of the most trusted of public mon in the country ; and he had succeeded in obtaining thoir co-operation fairly, legitimately, and honourably, without in any single case offering one of the great offices of the Government to a second party. Boing in that position, however unworthy he might be as tho head of tho Administration, it became his duty to offer himself to his constituents, so that they, with all the facts of the case before tliom, and performing their duty in the light of the Constitution, might pronounce upon him either their approval 6r disapproval. He for one was entirely in favour of the provision of the Constitution, which required members of the Assembly when accepting office ;o go " before their' constituents. He was present thorefore on this occasion in accordance witli a prinoiplo which he believed to be sound, and -he did not fear the result, whatever it might be, on Wednesday next. (Cheers.) Ono thing bo might tell them for the encourage ment of those gentlemen who were opposing him. (Hoar, hear.) If they could succeed in defeating him on Wednesday next, he would the next day tonder his resignation to his Ex cellency. So that if they wished to displace him from power, all they had to do was to have a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether. And let all who were opposed to him unito and do. their utmost ; and if they could Bucceed at the poll on Wednesday, they shou.ld succeed altogether. Well, that might mean ono or two things. It might mean that ho had unbounded trust in the electors, or it might mean that he took an impartial view of the Constitution. He thought it meant both. He had implicit trust iu the support of tho electors— (cheers) — and he felt as certain as that he stood there that he should be member for East Sydney. on Wednesday next. (Ap plause.) It now beoame hiB daty to offer a few remarks, and thoy would be few, upon the principles of the policy by whioh he and his _ colleagues -would be guided in tno high places wliich they now occupied. And whatevor those gentlemen who wero opposod to him in this contest might say, and whatever his worst opponent might say, he ventured to predict that whenover he retired from office, be it soon or be it late, no person would be able to show that ho had done a single act in offioe for his own aggrandisement. And ho again chaL tenged, aB ho had ofton Challenged, the whole -community to point to a single act cf his in His public . capacity where ho sought to -abuse the powers entrusted to him for his Own" -individual benefit. And ho promised them that no member of his family should have a situation under Government. Ho pro mised thut ho would exerciso powor in no Way whatever to benefit any person in any way connected with liirn. Passing from that gcnornl course of administration which ho slioul I feel bound to take, ho now came to ono or two loading ques'iotis of the day. If lie 'remained in office sufficiently long ho should certainly not shrink from dealing with tho largest of all our public questions, tho alienation of and settlement of tho people upon tho lands of the country. In dealing with that question, if it should bo his good fortutio to got to it, ho should bo guided by threo gonoral principles. He should endeavour to sottlo the country in every instance upon a freehold basis, so that tho small agricultural settlers of tho country should have tho (ec-simplo of thoir home steads in their hands ; that there should be, in other words, 110 deferred payments or obli gations of any kind hanging over their heads. That class of our colonists who enter upou our wild lands, nnd by means of labour (the most precious of all tlio olomonls ot civilisation) convert tho wild territory into n productive region, wero tho most valuable, and ought to bo tho most respoctod class in tho community. Tho man who mado two cars of corn grow whore only ono previously grow had nlivnys been regnrded as n benefactor ; but tlio man who mado ono oar of corn grow whore nothing grew boforo was in an essential degrooa bone- factor to a young oountry like this. In any legislation which ho might have tho good for tune to introduce on this subject ho should endeavour to grasp the jpriuciplo which had worked so exceedingly woll in Canada and othor parts of North America —ho meant that tho freehold homestead of tho agricultural settler should not be capable of boing seized or taken for any debt, or for any canso what ever, for tho term of thirty years. Of course, the storekeepers and everybody olso would know tho law. It was a wise law, and had worked in tlio most beneficial manner in othor parts of the world — that tlioso struggling mon who had formed hoine3 should bo secured against the rovei-ses of fortune, against all chnncos, against all sclioraes of cupidity, against thoir own folly and will, that they should be socurod in thoso homos for at least a generation. Before ho passed from this question, in the goneral observations which ho had to make, ho wished to obsorvo that ho should bo as scrupulous as any man in regard ing the just rights of that largo and important class of our fellow-colonists, tlio pastoral tenants. He wished to do no injury to the pastoral tenants whatever. And he should be prepared, to the best of his ability, to securo for thorn every ndvantago for the proper pro- socution of their calling — short of any attempt to invado the privileges of tho rest of tho com munity. Turniug now to tho qnostion of our fiscal legislation, it was not likely, so far as ho could judge, that the present Government would, during the present session of Parlia ment-, deal with that question. But if at any time he aud his colleagues Bhould bo called upon to deal with that important question, ho should at all times do tho best ho could to protect tho young commerce of this country from any unnecessary iinpodiment or restric tion. Whilst he said that, lie ventured to state as his own opinion that if wo are to, havo any thing like protective duties in this country, it would bo far wiser, far more intolligiblo, fur more consistent with the public welfare, to impose duties upon a few articles which needed protection, and leave other articles which did not need it as free as poasiblo. He stated that as his opinion. The Government with which ho was connected would at' all times endeavour to save our young commerce, to which thoy attach ed the greatest possible importance, from any unnecessary embarrassment or restriction what ever. As to the question which had been before the country, and which had caused a great deal of discussion, and which contributed mainly to the reversal of the opinion of the electoral bodies in tho late general election — and tho question winch, it lie understood tlio present position rightly, was the only real ques tion in controversy in this election — lie meant the question of collecting the Border duties on the river Murray — as to that question lie should not for a moment shrink from stating his views, and stating explicitly what would be the course of the Government of which lie was a member. For ten years past, on all occasions since tho question was mooted, lie had been opposed to the collection of the Border duties. (Cheers, and a few counter cheers.) As fin back as 1SG-L lie delivered his views oil this subject in the Legislative Assembly, and on all occasions, at intervals, sinco then lie had re peated the same opinions. Those were his opinions now. A voice : What about Gavan Duffy1? Somo persons asked him " What about Gavan Duffy ?" Just for a moment he would digress from the general course of his observations and deal witli that impertinent interruption. Of all tlio chailatanisin, of all the unfair, disingenuous, mean, and contemptible methods that he ever saw public men resort to, tho worst and the gravest had been resorted to by men who ought to have taken a very different stand in this country in reference to that gentleman, because he happened to be Chief Secretary of Victoria. (Cheers.) What in the yyoi'ld had Gavan Duffy to do with this question? How in tho world could this ques tion in any way affect that statesman ? Why those persons only showed their utter ignorance of tho whole question— (cheers)— when they treated it in this flippant, this idiotic manner. (Laughter und cheers.) Why the question of collecting the duties did not in reality concern tho people of Victoria. Thoir trade was so trifling, that the collection of the Border duties did not concern the Victorian people at all. But it did concern our own people. It was tho people of New South Wales who were interest ed in this question, and not tho people of Victoria, in any appreciable degree. (Cheers.) He could show them that at once. Nearly the whole of the trade across, or by way of the river Murray came into this country, and tho persona who felt the annoyance, \91io felt the meddlesome interference of the Custom-house officers were our own colonists, not the colonists of Victoria. And ho felt persuaded that so far as the peoplo of Victoria wero concerned, they would prefer having thoduties collected. Now, with regard to Mr. Gavan Duffy. What possible interest could that gentleman per sonally have In this question ? Everybody know that Mr. Duffy, as tho Chief Minister of Victoria, met the delegates of this colony in a fuir and reasonable spirit (CrieS of " No, no," and cheers.) That could not be denied. It was proved by documents now on the table of the Legislative Assembly. What Mr. Duffy really said was this : " You prove what you are entitled to, and whatever that sum may be, the Government of Victoria will pay it to you." Aud what could possibly be fairer as tho bams of a safe and satisfactory agreement than that. But it suited a certain class of persons who were deficient iu argument, who felt that their cause' would not hear the test of reasqn, to en deavour to create a prejudice, simply because the ofik-o of Colonial Secretary of Victoria was tilled for the moment hy Mr. Gavan Duffy. Well, he did not hesitate to say that in his judgment, Mr. Gavan Duffy was one of the ablest, one of the mo.it accomplished, one of the purest public men in Australia. (Cheers, and cries of " Oh, oil.") He believed that that gentleman's character was above reproach. And lie knew that Mr. Duffy stood high in the estimation of somo of the host men living on the face of the earth. But what had ho (Mr. l'arkes) to do with all that? Asa minister of this country he should not shrink from Mr. Gavan Duffy. (Hear, hear.) And in treating this important question his first- duty would undoubtedly he to secure thi! rights and the interests of this country of ours. But if he could secure the rights and interests of this country without indicting hardship upon thirty or forty thousand of our own people, they might depend upon it that, as it was his duty, he should do it. And he believed that our revenue might he secured, that we might obtain every shilling to which we wore entitled, by an agreement which would relieve our Border settlers from annoyance and interference hy having Custom-house officers at their doors, and which, without compromising tho members of the Government, would be satisfactory to every fair and rightminded man. So far as ho could he should do his utmost to bring about that result. But if it could not he done without sacrificing those interests, depend' iqion it lie should never sacrifice those interests, lie scarcely thought lie should detain tlifmi much longer. Thero were several questions of "rent importance upon which it might he necessary for liini to say a few words — amongst others, the question to which he alluded on Saturday night — lie meant the conduct of the Government in relation to tho persons em ployed in tho various departments of tho Government. On that question the course which lie, as a member of the. 'Government, would take— and lie had 110 doubt that the Government, ns a whole, would take the same , course — was this : lie should endeavour to give the persons in the employment of the Govern ment, whether mechanics or labourers, the highest rates of wages that wero given hy private firms. (Cheers.) The Government would not give more, nor would they give less. But they would endeavour to hold 1111 even j scale of justice' between those .persons who j were, employers aud the persons who were 1 employed hy the Government. Tho new 1 Government did not enter upon office at a time free from perplexities and free from difficulties. ' Much confusion had resulted from the proceed ings of past years — especially from the proceed ings of the last eight or nino months. Many questions,. in his judgment, had become seriously complicated ; false principles of legis lation had taken root and would liavo to bii eradicated by prompt measures. But the courso of the-Govornmont throughout all this complication and confusion was clear. Thoy had only to pursue the broad path ot duty, to fear no advorso influence, and yield to no improper temptation ; but looking steadily to acts of to-morrow and the day after, and to tho time when they must all come beforo tho olectors of tho country. And whilst thoy used their utmost abilities for the furtherance of (what they believed to bo right, and cherish ing, as he felt thoy would have a right to do, a belief that tho peoplo would be generous to the mere faults of judgment — whilst pursuing that course, turning noithor to tho right nor to tho loft, and keeping beforo them as their groat object tho public welfare — they would bo safe. Even if thoy had not tho rcquisito ability to make a successful Government, thoy would bo safe, and whon they returned their trust to the people, tho peoplo would not refuse to givo tliem their approval if thoy wont boforo them with clean hands. Ho knew that, ns ho stood in tho prosonce of tho God who mado liiin, ho had ouly one single purpose in taking offico, and if it should bo bis good fortuno to leavo office with a higher namo, and a larger trust reposed in him by tho unbiassed pooplo of tho country, lie should have his full award. He only sought, with tho host of liis ability, and with what little ex perience lie had, to work for tho best iutorosts of tho country, with whom ho now left tlio verdiot of tlio day. (Applause.) Mr. James Jones, who wns rocoivod with ap plause, said that lie nppoared boforo tho olectors undor great disadvantages. (A voice : "To wade up to your neck in blood." Lauglito:-.) Somo of the electors might think it temerity on his part to appear in a contest against a man of the unquestionable ability of Mr. Henry Parkes. (Hear, hear.) If it were a question of ability, which was undoubted as far as Mr. Parkes was concerned, lie (Mr. Jones) should not havo appeared that day to contest tho olection. Mr. Parkos's long political experience and long practico ns a spoakor placed that gentleman far boyond him — (hear hoar) — as no doubt they would seo that day. (Uproar.) But it was not a question of tho ability of Mr. Parkes, but of his moral fitness to hold tho positiou of the Premiership ot this country. (Hoar, lio.ir.) That, he (Mr. Jones) hold, to be tlio question in that olootion. (A voioo : " Thoy are making a fool of you.") He was -confident that a largo number of those gontletnon — (uproar) — who wero indulging themselves in a little by-play would record their votos for him (Mr. Jones). He believed they wonld not call it temerity on his pnrfc whon it came to a question of moral fitness. (Disturb ance.) There was a large body of diaaent in this community touching the political action of Mr. ParkoB duriug the last three years and sinco his olection at the last genoral election. (" Come, wake up ! ") Thnt dissent was enter tained — ("speak up ") by the Protestants and Roman Catholics of this country alike — (cries of" no," " that will do," uproar and hooting) — from the slanders and calumniations which Mr. Parkes, in office and ont of office, heaped upon that section of the community. A voice: "We want no religion." He said that dissent waB entertained by the Protestants of tb$ country — (" That won't wash ") — from the tergiversation which that gentleman had exhibited since his election. (Uproar.) He was confident, if thoy asked the "still small voice " within them — for they would have heard of tho union between Mr. ParkeB and Mr. Butler — (hooting and uproar) — whioh was anything but what it should be — they would dissent from it. (Disturbance.) It was a spectaclo which had been soon, he be lieved — (uproar) — but whioh neither Protest ants nor Roman Catholics conld morally be lieve in any mora than ara ever did in the I oelebrated— (disturbance) — story of the Eiama ghost— (hooting)— the ballocioatiea of Mr. Parkos's brain. (Hooting.) ' If tho Roman Catholic body — (hooting) — forgot when thoy were insulted, whon tliey wero trampled upon, lie, as a liberal Protostaut, did not forget it, and protested against it. (Hooting.) If tliey lorgot that when ho held tlio offico of Colonial Secretary I10 prostituted that offico and mado it tho instrument to torture tho find ings of a largo section of tlio community by lies and slnndors, hy keeping Protestantism in that country at nri unhoal thy stretch ; if tlio Roman Catholics forgot thnt, ho, as a Protest ant and Christian man, did not. (Hooting.) Mr. Parkes, for tho last threo years, had proyod upon the religions differences of tho community. (Uproar.) Ho had tnndo that his rule, and by that I10 should bo tried. And now, forsooth, he enmo with cap in hand to tho Roman Catholics ot that community. (Hooting and uproar.) Ho (Mr. Jones) knew ho had their iudulgcnco — (A voice : " Wo want somolhing original '') — atul ho would help them to consider tho moral position of that oloction. Ho asked tliom what confi. denco they could havo in tho sincerity of tho union of Mr. Parkes with Mr. Butler. (Up- roorr) Wns thero over a tnorogrim spectacle. ("You ought to bo ashamed of yourself.") Tho man who held, offico should make it his duly to conservo the rights and privileges of tho pooplo at largo, and should not sacrifico tliom. Mr. Jones was prevented from spoak- ing for a considerable time, owing to the up- roar and confusion. Order having been restored he continued. IIo confidently trusted in tlio moral sotiso of tho constituency to givo a proper verdict 011 Wednesday, and on that day to uphold tho moral character of that community ; but whatover tho result might be, ho should havo the consolation of having done his duty, and of having exercised his undoubted right, according to tlio Constitution. (Up roar.) Thero wore two partios who had something to say in regard to tlio appoint ments. ("You nro in tho wrong shop.") His Excellency had called upon Mr. Parkes to form a Ministry; and ho (Mr. Jones) had nothing to say against tho gonllomen who wore associated with liirn. Ho had the high est ostoom for them personally and othorwiso. His Excolloncy had one say in tho mattor, and the constituency had another, and ho trusted tliey would pondor woll the question which, in this case, was moro important tlinn usual, as touching the moral fitness of Mr. Parkes to occupy a high position in that country. In tho comhiuatiou which had taken place between Mr. Parkes and his- collongues lie could seo an illustration of tlio principle of tho couplet, "Get woalth and place, if possible with grace ; if not, hy any means got wealth and place." The interests of tho country, in the combination, hnd boon subverted to consi derations of place and pay alone,' for there was no community of sentiment aud no identity of principle in those two gentlemen. (Up roar.) Tho electors would thut day go forth animated by tho noblo words of the immortal bard, " Thrico is he armed who hath his quarrel just." They had a groat opportunity of signalising their moral sense of what was right, and inscribing a page in the history of tho colony (uproar) by voting against Mr. Parkes, and convoying to him a salutary lesson, and to all those who liko him. traded upon tho religious differences of tlio community (uproar), and who acted with liko tergiver sation. This was the timo to try Mr. Parkes, who should bo brought to account now, for when tho year passod away it would bo for- gotton. Even now it was forgotton, niul they wanted to forgive tho man who had insulted and degraded thorn to tho last. (Uproar.) Now, I10 might say, with regard to his political opinions, that he was generally in accord with j Mr. Parkes. (Laughter, and a voico"Why do you opposo him, thon ? ") That gontlo- man's opinions upon political qucsttons, ho might say ho was generally in nccord with. That lie thought was sufficient. (Laughter.) Ho had entertained similar views to Mr. Parkes for somo years past. He thought ho hud dono right in coming forward upon that occasion to take tho senso of tho electors and to enable tliom to exercise a Constitutional right, which would bo much better if it wore moro frequently oxerciscd. (Cries of "'Hint's enough," and " Wo uro satisfied.") Ho begged to thank tliom for their pationt hearing — (Oh ! 0I1 ! and laughter) — aud looked with con fidence to tho result 011 Woilnesday, to prove tlio justice nnd propriety of tho course he had taken. (Uproar.) Tho Returniiig- ofiiocr called for a show of hands, which was declared to be in favour of Mr. Parkes. (Cheers.) A poll was demanded. On the motion of Mr. Parkes, seconded by Mr. Jones, a vote of thanks was passed to tho Returiiing-officor, and the proceedings were brought to 11 closo bv three cheers for tlio Quoou.— -S. M. Herald. 