The.Member f#r Mudgee. Either the colony we live in is very badlj biff for political leaders of the right description; or the electors must be about the most difficult to please under the sun. It would, indeed/ be hard to find any country, where responsible government exists, that, for repeated changes of administration, can compare with. New South Wales. Session after session has been wasted, while the ins and outs have been doing battle:-. the people meanwhile waiting for the practical legislation that came not. The fag end of the sittings of Parliament 'have alone been devoted to the consideration of crude and lU-digestefl' measures, resulting in imperfect and unsatisfactory statutes, assented to by a portion of their representatives only. Now, as the electors differ not materially with their fellows in other lands, and as we find the latter content to let pertain ministries ?abideTor years, we feel, justified int^boncluding 'that the fault doe's not lie'^ith me people. With their leading men then must be the failing, and we 'are greatly supported in this view by the records of the past, which shew iirimistakeably how wanting we have been in statesmen of the right stamp. One: thing, .however, we. must not overlook, and that is M.v.»lnvuu, i,I *&j; L*%.^tkJ^a ? 1 -i'°'--intl« on uihin.h politicians could well divide J issue -having, invariably, been takon -m min« ~»t_ ters, more suitable, as a rule, for the decision of a vestry meeting than of a representative assembly. There has also been notable absence of new .talent. , The: 'various administrations when examined as''to'v theirs component parts, showing a mere ringing of the changes on several well-worn names, or, when at any time an outsider has been admitted into the charmed circle, it has been generally discovered that he b,as received the entree at the last moment;' in the vain hope that his adhesion might; help to uphold a 'doomed cause. The reason for all this is obvious. Talent and ability we have in abundance — to doubt this wou}d be to insult the whole colony — but it is unavailable, as our talented and able men. have either a dis taste' for public life such 'as we know it to be ; or are deficient of the wherewithal neces sary to support them independently whilst at tending to their parliamentary duties. Thus,; ignorance and presumption too often sit in the seats of our representatives, and men, not measures, are the test of fitness for our rulers. We are, in a measure, forced into this line of comment, by that which we have both read and heard since the election of Mr. Parkes for Mudgee. Prior to his return for that elec torate, he was almost universally looked upon as_the only man who could, giving a spirit of unity to the Opposition, enforce a dissolution of the House by successfully attacking the present Ministry. Hope beat high. At last there was a prospect of the days of the Unholy Alliance being numbered. There was one coming who knew, so t'was said, how to drag all their deeds of darkness into the broad light of day, and con found their evil machinations; who would drive them from the seats they were so un worthily occupying, and expose the shams ™ith whjch, for awhile, they had succeeded in deluding ana au^-..^ «.u.i ? rr«^^r«. No sooner, however, had his constituents returned him by an overwhelming majority ithan, we are gravely assured, that, should he succeed i» nu avowea determination of ousting me present occupants from office, we may possibly have, as before; ': a Ministry and a policy ;' in other words, the country shall be no better under the one than the other. Others, taking up the ; strain, have hunted up the Kiama ghost and conjured up the bugbears of the past, as a' warning for the future. Why 1 what of the past 1 Does the thirsty traveller stir up the bottom of the waterhole before lie slakes his thirst ? Does the artizan reject the service able tool because of its ungainly handle? JNot quite, is there any one leading man in the colony whose political antecedents entitle him to the full confidence of the people? Have all been honest, wise and capable 1 Has any single one been so, that Mr. Parkes' past- political career should be raked up for the sake of the mud at tne bottom of it? Is it wise to do so ? Is it in any way to the credit of ourselves or the colony that we should do so? No; let us bury the dead past, and; looking hopefully to the future, make use of the means provided for ameliora ting our conditi6n ; accepting Mr, Parkes as our leader, but taking guarantee for his faith ful service, by a. careful selection of the now House, in which we trust to see him leading. : There; are several portions of Mr. Parkes' creed that we do not accept as infallible ; but what of tbat 1 Action' througli life must ever be subservient to'compromise. ,.. Green fruit is unwholesome : the- wise husbandman refrains from plucking it, until, ripened, it is good and wholesome. Thus Mr. Parkes , holds free trade doctrine in high' estimation; we have faith in protection. But protection is as the green fruit, not yet arrived at maturity — it would- be' folly, for. us to'lattetnpt to pluck it; force it we willingly would ; but as the diffe rence, in this respect, between Mr. Parkes and the protectionists is not one the people have, as yet, sought to have settled, we can dismiss it from consideration when .reviewing Mr. Parkes' present claims to our ; confidence. Mr. Parkes, again, holds opinions on the question of the defence oi the colony wholly opposed to ours ; but as this is mere matter of detail, to be determined first by Parliament, afterwards by experience, we: can. afford to; leave this point of _ difference an open one, though still regretting that Mr. Parkes is wanting in the practical ac quaintance with the subject that should give weight to his views. But Mr. Parkes has before now rendered . the State some service, and valuable, service too ; he is well posted in the public affairs of the colony, and in its public men, and many of these have confidence in hinv The Opposition .his hitherto split from its inability to combine under any one particular leader, there have been, as it were, three distiuct corps d'armee, eacK operating .independently, and income quently ; each under its own leader elect, de clining to serve under 'any other, because recognising ability, in its chosen ono only. Now, however, appears upon the scene a gene ral, whom to serve under, would not be dero gatory to either of the three, and in whom such confidence is felt, that even from the- enemy's ranks will he be found recruiting. Is there not then reason to anticipate that enemy's defeat? We sincerely trust there is. Mr. Parkes's cause is the cause of the people ; domineered over by one man, the Premier; be trayed by 'anothe^.fhe Colonial Secretary) misgoverned through the utter abandonment of self- will of the rest of the Cabinet. Mr. Parkes has, most fortunately, an improving revenue before him; finance is a rock upon which !he' is hardly likely to split, .for to that he- can give a wide offing. ? He has before him the great' blnnder of the Intercolonial Con ference to rectify ; Mr. Duffy and, his cabinet will, doubtless, assist him in doing this. With out, in any way, compromising their dignity, they and he can come to an amicable under standing on this matter, whilst Sir James Martin and his colleagues ? have, by-' their miserable want of tact,, rendered any such an impossibility to themselves. .' He* b,as alsa, .be fore him the Colonial Secretary's Land Bill ; he 'knows its'aefeots ; heknows what' the 'people- consider to be its defects, and it should be an ea^y matter firf hfmnow; to, frajna«£a bill to^ deal with the waste lands of the 'Crown, that should meet with almost universal appro bation, f ' . ?? « f;, '. '?:???? ' ! , Should, then, Mr. Parkes succeed in forcing on a dissolution, and return to the House with a powerful following, it would not be too mtich to say tnat no minister of the Crown in this colony ever- took ? office with a fairer chance before him. His predecessors have carefully buoyed out for him hisi^utse/^te^ijigf Pn! every rock and shoal an easily- distinguished, beacon, while the people on the shore are ready to afford him every assistance in their »»r« |t«v- render \\.s his passage through* the /Stfaits4 $fcfi and ''prosperous- one. t.Thft.jftirs; uivii'ur .i D._._«t tjfmtidxi is. JiflW*as^irule, desirable ; but there' are times wnenit mBsr oti submitted to, as the only effectual remedy for a desperate . state of affairs..- T.o our way .of thinking, the -time -for it is over-ripe ; the'un palatableness of tlie nostrum- will be ? over looked when the urgency of the case is considered ; the people ^will swallow it with avidity. ? ?? ^O'. :'? ':\ 'B~-l ?£'%- 