\- SUMMARY OP NEWS. ' The Irish Harp states on the authority of the Administrator, of the Diocese,, that the faculties of- tlie Rev. C. Horan, O.S.F., and tho Kev. J. A. Nowlan, O.S.A., have been withdrawn, and they can therefore no longer exercise any clerical functions in this diocese. ' : A' case of veiy sodden death- obcurred: near Mount Lofty on Monday April 1. >lrs, Stenit ford, the wife of Mr! N. Stenitford, market gardener, whenretiring to rest was seized with vomiting, and in less than a quarter of an hour was dead; ' ?' . . ; _. The Californian mail is ovefduel ; . ' ; ' A Melbourne letter-carrier, has been com mitted on ft charge of opening letters..and steal ing money therefrom. ;.v A Ballarat coach with 37 persons in it capsized over an Embankment going to Talbot. One pas senger had his leg and another, his collar bone broken. The others escape^,with , more or . less bruises. < ; ,.' The sliip Commissary, arrived at Sydney from Londonj; reports having , experienced fearful weather. During a gale she had her decks swept of a quantity of valuable stock. .'. The Herald says1-Mr. Wardell," Inspector .General of .Public Works, in company with Cap tain Paine, Chief Harbour Master, ?vrill! shortly leave for Portland,, in order * to determine on a site for a breakwater at that place. This having been decided, Mr. Wardell-will proceed to War rambool and Belfast for the purpose of determin ing what works are advisable iu connection with the harbour works at those-placies during the next financial year. " ^ . On Easter Monday an aboHgintil was emi nently successful at the Geelong /rfe. - The Age says :-"The prize list -show^ that'£50 would be awarded to the winners of the various events^ on the card, the lion's share' 'if.' which 'amount went fata the pockets of^ an,aboriginal named Pompey, a dark horse ^figuratively:and literally. This sable son t>f the ,soil'11iaiii from the abori nal station: of vLake. Condiihj. In-the Hamilton district. Csesar he should have been styled, for lie came, and snw,-and conquered. The'white 'men had .not the ghost of a-'chAnce: with' him,'' and pale-faced muscular Christians, for the nounce took a back- seat, solfar as running and jumping were concerned.'! He . won everything as he liked. . - .. ivrl v- ; . >. ? On Thursday Mr. W. G. iuxmoore sold by .auction the'.New CornwalLGopper; Mine, with all rthe buildings and machinery1 thereon,- for £2,100.- The purchaser-.. was; the . Hon. -J. Cibzier.: The total' amount iwhich. the lessees expended in working this mineral property was £113,000.-Register. . ' The race conspiracy. case of Hewett and Bedford was called on at the Court, Melbourne, .on Friday last, and adjourned for a week in the absence of the defendants tin; Sydriey.. i:It;is; believed that tho informant was absent' under compulsion. ; ; ? - . - \'b£& the Ministerial dqcuner at- Chines, Mr. Duffy, in his speech strongly. advocated- an Australian policy. The Vice - Chancellor of the Melbourne University's prize of twenty guineas, subject :" Tliii'Deatti of tfuliusCiEsar," has been awarded .to Mr. John Gavan Duffy. \- v On Tuesday, at Inglewood, a nugget of puro: gold, weighing;197 ounces, Vi-its bi-ougiit into the Bank of .New South 'Wales. The nugget was found by Archibald Gray,in' John's- paddock^. Tylor's.' . A sugar mannfnetory -is about to be com menced at Wagga Wagga, > the machinery; having; been bought in Sydney;'- The cane1 known as the " Planters'Frieni"-is: that Tvhichis . to T>e operated on. . - . « '' 7 ' . The new township? at the''entrance^W. the Gipps Land Lakes lias-. been-named Campbell-; town by Mr. Grant, after Air. John; Campbell, of Glencoe, in Gipps 'Land, 1'who . is believed ? to have erected the first house upon the-'site. . ] Some time ago we (Kyneton Guardian) drew attention to the increasing growth, around Kyneton, of a most obnoxious plant, variously known from its objectionable qualities, as the stinking or tar weed, but the local designation of which is "Jack Anderson," from the fact that 'it first made its appearance upon the land of a fanner of tlmt name. We regret to state that this disgusting and injurious weed is thriving vigorously all around us. About Boggy Creek there are acres covered with it. To the south of Kyneton it is successfully disputing the mastery with the thistle, dock, and sorrel, and towards the Black Hill large patches of it are everywhere to be seen. Of an evening,-the stench arising from it is almost overpowering,;, and the viscuous substance winch exudes from, the stem and leaves is one of the least pleasant properties. "We learn from those who have made the attempt, that eradication of this pest, - after it has once established itself, is extremely difficult, and farmers will do well to watch for its appearance upon their land. . Compared with " Jack Anderson," the thistle may be regarded as a useful and ornamental plant. A young man named John Puxton, Glenelg, was killed by the kick of a horse. He had just fed it, and in passing out put his hand on its back when it kicked him on the abdomen. At Gawler, Mrs. Lawson, widow of the late Captain Lawson, committed suicide by drowning herself. ' She was in the habit of drinking:'to' excess, and had several times exhibited' symptoms of insanity. . . 