THE MERCURY THURSDAY MORNING, MAY 30, 1S73. A short timo ago we pointed out that the money expended by this Colony in the conduct of the salmon experiment had boen well laid out, even though the chances of the ultimate success of the true salmon were more remote than they are, and we then gave various instances of the indirect advantages consequent on the undoubted success of the trout, and on the probable success of the salmon trout. Since our remarks were penned we have had our attention called to a letter written by that well-known angler, and pisciculturist Francis Francis, and published in The Field newspaper, of the 10th February last, giving an account of the Troutdale Fishery near Keswick in Cumberland-which fishery has been established by private enterprise for the importation of valuable fish from abroad, and for the rearing of such fish and of useful in- digenous fish for sale to the owners of ponds and rivers "in the United Kingdom. From this letter wo extract the following passage : Amongst the other fish from Canada they mention the black bass, a very admimblo and game fish, and somewhat resombling our perch, and of similar habits. To their circular they append a list of the times of the year when they can forward the fry and ova which thoy havo for disposal, which persons desirous of stocking their waters will do well to observe ; they also furnish a prico list of the various fry and ova whioh thej' hope to be able to forward. The price of tho American fish may at the first glance appear high, but, upon consideration of the oxpenBO attend- ing the transport of such fish, I do not think they will be found so. For Halmo fautinnlls, black bass, and the Ctnadian fresh-water salmon-trout fry, the prico is £100 per 1000, £12 per 100, or 30s. a dozen. The ordinary fish on their list ai o cheap enough; for examplo, (!0s. per 1000 for trout fry is as reasonable as need bo. Tho dearost fish on the list perhaps are the porch. Yearling perch stand at £20 per 1000, 80s. por 100, and Gs. per dozen. They also, by their cir- cular, offer to snpply all kinds of pisoicaltural appa- ratus at fairly reasonable prices. Questions are so constantly asked in The Fkld as io bow, where, and when the various matters' I have mentioned can be obtained, that I think I am doing considerable ser- vice to many of your readers in laying the contents of the circular of tho Troutdale Fishery beforo them. Pisciculture is evidently looking up, and I am glad to see that somebody at last is endeavouring to supply the publio want. Wo are a commercially minded people, and there was no chance of our ever obtaining a British Huningue. Tho matter could only be con- i duotod as a commercial speculation with any prospect I of its eventual success, and I sincerely trust, in the cause of science and the fisberios, that the Troutdale scheme may prove one. Tho above extract will onablo the public to form something like n just estimate of the money value of their piscicultiiv.il establishment at the River Plenty, and to comparo such value with the outlay alroady incurred, and the expendi- ture necessary to keep the establishment up and to make it oven moro efficient. Nearly £10,000 lins been expended over the various experi- ments (including annual cost of ponds, bailiff, dec.) up to the present time ; and of this sum £1200 was paid by Victoria,, and £G50 by Now Zealand, leaving ns .the total cost to ' this colony the sum of £8150. In estimating the money value of what has been actually accomplished in Tasmania, we may fairly take the prices charged in England for tho Canadian fish as a basis ; the cost of trans- port of tho original ova from England here being far greater than the cost of transport from Canada to England, while the economic value of trout and Balmon trout to this Colony are at least equal to that of salmo fontinalis and tho bass, to England. Where ova, instead of fish, havo been distributed by the Tasmanian Salmon Commissioners, we propose to estimate tho valuo at one- half that of the fry, which will more than compensate for tho extra risk, as the mortality from the eggs raroly exceeds 20 per cent, up to the time at which the fish ought to be distributed. ' Since tho trout commenced spawning in tho year 1800, the following numbers of oggs mid fish havo boon distributed, viz. : To-Victoria and New Zealand 21,500 ova, which, at £50 for each thousand, represents the sum of £1,075 ; and to Victoria 2,470 fish, which, nt £100 for each thousand, comes to £247 ; a total for Victoria and Now Zealand of £1,322. To di fieront parts of Tasmania 9,850 ova, worth £492, and 30,099 fish worth £3009, or a total for Tasmania of £3,501. It will thus bo seen that during the six yoars from 18GC to 1871 inclusive, actual valuo to the extent of £4,823 has been received in return for tho expenditure of £10,000 -, in other words, nearly one-half of the principal has been repaid. The Colony of Now South Wales, which always refused to aid the experiment, possesses numbers of rivers well adapted for trout, which the riparian proprietors are now anxious to I stock, and for both ova and fish it will bo the duty of tho Salmon Commissioners to ohargo a fair price, as it would bo unjust to allow New South Wales to share in tho profit, whilst the other Colonies ran all the risk. Towards the future annual expenses not only will an annually increasing supply of fish bo forthcoming, but tho receipts from tho fishing liconsos (which ought to increaso rapidly in number) must also bo' taken into account. In tho face of the above can any ono reasonably ob- ject to tho trifling annual expenditure necessary to keep up the establishment at the Plenty, evon though ho entirely overlooks the great scientific valuo of the facts already proved, and the importance of the questions to bo ulti- mately'solved, and whioh could never bo satis- factorily answered in a country already inhabited by these imported species ? What a comment the passage quoted from Mr. Francis's letter forra« oh the'remarks of that learned legislator, who list Miaiion gravely Mterted ia (be Houeo ( of Assembly, ttfatin'Eugiand the '"porch wew used for manure, because as each yearling perch weighs rather over an ounce, it follows that such manure would cost 6s. per poand. We havo other things besides the absence of strangers from our streets and the sight of Mount Wellington, crowned with his diadem of snow, to tell us that we have all at once changed summer for winter. One of these without donbt, is the fact that on every hand the Young Men's Associations, which are so creditably numerous in Hobart Town, are now in session. It is peculiarly gratifying that not only the youths among the better classes, but the horny-handed as well, in such institutions as the Working Men's Club, are at this season turning their attention to lectures, debates, and social gather- ings, with » view to mental progress and social improvement. Any one of them, perhaps, taken singly, may seem to be exerting only a very limited influence, but those who do not see that in the aggregate this influence is of a very decided kind, are no true observers of what is passing, and of the forces that are at work, silently it may be, but very surely, in moulding the character of those who are at no distant day to hold the helm and guide the ship of State wheresoever they will. It is of immense im- portance then, that these Societies to which we have alluded should tend to bring out the manlier qualities, and developo the intellectual powers of their members as fully as possible ; and be kept, as far as may be, from exercising a mere enervating influence, and stunting the mental growth of our youth. The ourrent flows on, and under the conviction that the "Smallest helps, if rightly given, Make the Impulso stronger," wo would willingly render what help we can to keep them in the right path. Some of our most prominent citizens and influential clergy- men are throwing themselves with commend- able energy into these movements, and doing their utmost to guide them into right channels. Nono can at this day shut their eyes to the fact | that through the advance of Bcience and the general diffusion of knowledge, the extremes of society aro being rapidly done away with. When Ahnold, of Rugby, saw the first train passing the neighbourhood in which ho lived, he re- marked, "There's a deadly blow to feudalism." The Baying showed his sagacity, and the facts of experience are proving every day more and more clearly that none among us, by roason of any social necessity, are doomed to degradation and bondage, and deprived of all hope of rising in life, whatever bo their worth and industry ; while on the other hand, none by reason of adventitious circumstances, are privileged to idleness' and folly. Forces which acted very feebly and very slowly in the past, have gained a greater momentum, and rush on with a moro irresistible force, at the present day. Then " Truth was a snow flake on a precipice In the far off cold summits ot the past Which fell, and falling, gathered strength and bulk, To fall again moro heavily, and roll Adown tho slope of time But 'tis rolling now, Huge as an avalanche, and in the air The whizzing and the roaring and the crash Of its great progress may be board afar " Thoso, therefore, who would guide these influ- ences aright, must be about their work, helping to koop them from bursting their embankments, and doing nothing but dnmngo ; and trying to confine them like a river, within their proper channels, to fortilise tho districts through which they pass. Tho young men also who would not be left hopelessly behind in the race of life, havo a necessity laid on thom as well, to bo careful not to be idling away thoir precious time, while their follows aro poring ovor their instruc- tivo volumes or reviews, listening to tho sugges- tive locturo, or preparing for a widor arena by joining at the donating club, ia an in- tellectual tussle with their well-read and clever associates. Of course we aro proceeding on tho assumption that tho associations are really such as contemplate the mental improvement of their members. We are not unaware, that it is possible to turn them aside from this high use, and make thom gatherings for frolic and mero pleasure, or worse. Nay we havo seen them in several instances degenerate into assemblages for low comic readings or for songs of maudlin sonttmeiit. But however crowded for a time, and seemingly successful the inoetings may bo, they have in them dements of essential weakness and speedy decay. No one can deny the manner in which noble thoughts well read, and music well rendered, are fitted to develop tho better side of human naturo, but they aro both things which can be, and often are prostituted to very different purposes, indeed to the most trifling and unworthy ends. Music especially seems equally at home in the cathedral, in tho battle march, and in tho Music Ball. It can be made to minister at once to the highest and to tho lowest parts of our naturo, and it is this fact which has led somo unwise and very short-sighted, men to adopt the suicidal policy of giving it up as a monoply to the devil. We rejoice in tho fact that many of the institutions of which we are speaking, are taking music by the hand, and giving it a legitimate place in their programmes. Tho creation of a taste for tho higher kinds of music is one of the ideas which wo would urge thoso who are interesting themselves in these associa- tions to aim at. We see that considerable sums of money are being expended in various ways ; let a portion of it, be set apart to provide tho members with efficient musical instruction. When the art has been fairly cared for, in con- junction with this, let there be given sound and healthly poetical thought It is a matter of no small regret that many very pleasing airs are allied to words of a very silly character, and many very fine melodies are wedded to senti- ments of the most enervating kind. A writer some years back, and his words have not yet quite lost their point, referring to this subject, supposes Purcell, to come from Westminster, where he had lain for more than a century and a half, and put tho question " What is tho music of tho people ? What do you hear in the streets, in tho fields ! Come, give me one of your popular songs.' 'Why, to confess tho truth, we have no national music, excepting ' God Save the Queen !' ' But the people must be singing something,' says Purcell Redivivus ; ' surely tho voice of melody has not departed for over from our country. 'We have some popular melodies, but they cannot be called national, as they emanate from the ' nigger' school of music. ' A negro school of composition ! who after this will despair of human progress ; I am impatient to hear a specimen ; come, give me a song.' ' Well, what will you have, ' Old Dan Tucker,' or ' Who's dat knocking at de door?' or ' Oh, Susanna,' or ' Dandy Jim ob Carolin',' or ' Bobbing Around. " ' The words, judging from the titles, seem piti- ful; but come give me 'Old Dan Tucker." ' But I must have the ' bones' and some burnt cork.' 'Bones and burnt cork !'said the ghost, in amazement. ' Yes ; tho bones to rattle ; and as for the burnt cork, you must know that a great part of tho performance will consist in grinning ; and I must first blacken my face to show tho teeth in strong relief. ' Then away with ' Old Dan Tucker,' and the rest of them, I find the world is going back, and not forward, since I left it ' said tho ghost ; and giving an exclamation of mingled pity and con- tempt at 'nigger' melodies, disappeared." In In addition to good music being associated with words, healthy and invigorating in character, it should as far as possible be choral. The aim should be to improve m well aa toplease. We know, of oourse, the exquisite enjoyment deriv tble from good solo-singing or playing ; but for all that, for the purposes we have in view, and, indeed, for any purpose, we give the palm to choral singing. We all take a deeper interest in any matter when we have a share in it. As it has been forcibly put, "God has given to men, and women, and boys, and girls, voices of varied character and compass, and musio may bo bo written as to have its beauty and power increased by all taking their appropriate parts ; facts these which prove part-singing to be preferable, both on social and (esthetic grounds. The soul is in this way brought into contact with the greatest thoughts of the greatest masters, and each feels that to do justice to the theme, and derive the enjoyment which it is capable of yielding, individualities of taste and temper must be carefully suppressed ; voices must be united, like the various pipes of an organ, and all must aim at what Milton calls the ' undis- turbed song of pure consent.' " This more especially refers to the social gathering when the youths turn aside for a little from their severer duties and bring their friends together to join with them in an evening's improving and pleasant recreation. In such associations, however, as we aro spoaking of, the chief place will of necessity be assigned to debates, lectures,andbooks," reading,listening.debating " This is unquestionably an age of books, and they are much more easy of access than in the days of our fathers. We question very much, howover, if with the increase of books, the application to reading in tho beat sense has increased. Let the lighter kind of literature by all means have its place, but if the bulk of any man or woman's reading consists in the novel, highly sensational, throe volumed, once read, and then returned to the circulating library, such a person may be all through life, a reading, but nover a well-read person. We are glad to see so many associations going in for books, magazines, and reviews of a high class ; but we advise our young friends not to attempt too wide a circle of reading. The man of one book is always the strong man, pro- vided he has thoroughly mastered it. Let any one book, that has stood the test of time, and taken its place among great works, be made the subject of study for a year, say for two hours nightly, and the labour will be trifling compared lo the result, for that will simply bo imperishable. This looks like hard work we grant ; but why not ? Is the nourishing of the mind to be put on a tower level than the nourishing of the body, and a man cannot acquire skill in the humblest handicraft, by means of which to earn his daily bread, without long continued painstaking and toil. In this way,jhaving schooled himself to severo thought, the floor of the debating society affords an excellent arena in which to acquire facility of utterance, an invaluable quality to any man who may have to take his place in the meeting of his fellow-citizens, or play his part at tho bar or in the Senate. We cannot set too great store on this, but here, also, let our youth suffer a word of caution-the great danger to be avoided is attempting to overtake too much. No ordinary young man eau sustain the interest necessary for a weekly debate. And, in attempting to accomplish un impossible task, many a promising under- taking has suffered shipwreck. But what is impossible week by week, may be comparatively easy at intervals of a month ' If the meeting must be weekly, let the popular lecturo play a prominent part. And by all means insist on tho lecturer doing his best. If tho lecturer be a member of tho Association, let his effort be no hasty and jejune jumble, but the honest outcomo of a year of reading and thinking. Tho task successfully accomplished will wako a man of the lecturer, and it will elevate tho taste und stimulate tho energies of his hearers. There aro besides always the men of mark and ability in the community to fall back upon for the grand occasion, men who have laid aside abundant material of old store, the gleanings of other years of toil, who are always able and willing to step to the front when tho emergency requires it. Wo have sought in no captious spirit, to point out some of the dangers to be avoided by a useful, and in this city a very numerous, class of institutions, and the direction which we think tho endeavours of those should take, who aro Booking to make them a real and lasting source of benefit to their members. h Onn Fellows* Concert.-At the mooting of the Grand Lodge A.I O.O.F., held lost nicht, votes of thanks wera unanimously awarded to the members of the Amateur Christy Ministréis, and to the band of the Working Men's Club, ia recognition of their services voluntarily given in aid of tho harmonium fund ; and a copy of tho resolution of tho Ordor was direotod to bo forwarded to each of tbo gentlemen taking part in the performance. Postal Communication.-On and after Saturday next, the 1st June, a tri-wcekly mail sorvioo is to be established between Ross and Longford via Macquarie River, Lako River, and Cressy. The mails will be closed at the Post Office, ltoss, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at 8 p.m., for despatch from the Office at C ¡a.m. on the following days. The return mails will be closed at Longford on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, at 9 30 a.m., and will arrive at Ross on theso da) s at 7 p.m. This will give the inhabitants in the districts of the Macquarie and Lake litvors daily Communication with the rost of the colony, the mails going ono day by Ross and next day by Longford. Riciu.v Mkbited.-At the Police Court jioatordsy a vicious looking youth named Thomas Wise, ap- peared to answer an information laid against him by the Police Superintendent for assaulting constable Elliott, while in tho discharge of his duty, on Friday morning last. From tbe evidence of the ronstuble and private watchman Johnston, it appeared that tho defendant, in company with two other youths, was patrolling Liverpool-street at two o'clock in tho morning, and creating a disturbance by kicking at the door of Mr. Warner, pastrycook. Whon requested " to move on" he replied he would continue kicking there "as long as be liked," und afterwards ho challenged tbo constablo to a fair stand up fight 0[faring to bot him £5 to £1 that he would " liok him." Eventually he struck the constable over the eye, uftor which a scufUo ensued, con consequent on the efforts of the constable to arrest this unruly disturber of the citizens' repose, who, Toby Tosspot liko, had been indulging in something moro potont than pure wator. Notwithstanding the protestations of tho defendant that ho was very mild and peaceable, and that it was the constablo who assailed and maltreated him, tho magistrates inflicted a fine of 40s. and costs, with tho alternative, in default, of two months' imprisonment with hurd labour. Uttemno Fono ed Cheques.-Tho man Joseph Jones, arrested for uttering forged chequos, was brought up yesterday, and remanded to Friday for the production of evidence. The prisonor, who is an 1 ugly little humpbackod dwarf, and whose restless look wanderod torutinizingly round the Court whon ho was pluced in tho dock, seems to havo exorcised con- siderable ingenuity in his mode of procedure in endeavouring to pass the oheques. In addition to tho cheque which was changed by Mr. Brownell, draper, unother cheque, whioh he bad attempted to destroy, was drawn up in favour of Mr. McCormack, and also purported to be signed by Mr. Paget. An order, which requostod Mr. McCormack to supply some flannel, and stated that " the bearer would know the sort that would suit," was also found on the pri- sonor. This noto also bore the signature of Mr. Paget, and, liko that to tho cheques, wub a forgery. Lusus Nati'11.*:.-Mr. Cleland of Oatlands yestor day brought to this office some apples, whioh wore portion of a second orop taken from a tree in bia orolmrd. Tho first crop was gathered during the hop-picking Bouton, and that now taken is remark- able as being much ¡larger than the first. Anothor peculiarity of the last fruit is thut Mr. Cleland, on Splitting a number of the upples, found thom to be without pips. The Watbii Pipes.-Workmen were aotively em- ployed yesterday in various parts of the town repairing tho water pipes whoro they had burst f through the ogcessive pressure of water. Soma . additional loakuges wore discovered yesterday. I Accident.-As Mr. Leo, butcher, was passing along Davoy-street about seven o'clock last evon ? ing, when opposite the Globo Hotel, he fell into tho cellar (the trap-door of which had been negligently left open), and was seriously injured. Raiiiut Skins.-Somo weeks ago we noticod tho fact that n trade in rabbit skins was springing up here, a Hobart Town firm having shipped to Mel- bourne 26 baloi containing 6,000 dozon skins, worth £600. The samo firm forwarded anothor consign- ment of 10 bales to Melbourno yesterday, by the Southern Cross. Tu« Quoiitr Hounds.-The Quorn Hounds will meet, in conjunction with the Southern Tasmanian Hnnt Club ¿Magie*, at 11 a.m. on Saturday, at Melton Mowbray, when "a floe young buck will be en- larged," NewJÍobfolk.-W. A. B. Jamieson, Esq., ooronor, held an inquest at the Municipal Council Cbambors, Now Norfolk, on Tuesday, on the body of the man, unknown, found in the Derwent two days previously, as reported in The Mercury. The evidence of the Under of the body, James Lumsden, that of Mr. Stephenson, Superintendent of Police, and Dr. Mooro, the medical witness, was taken. The jury returned a verdict of found drowned, without any evidence as to the cause. From the combined statement of the three witnesses, the man was sup- posed to have been over 40 years of age, 5ft. Sin. in height, brown bair, red moustache and whiskers, and had been from six weeks te two montha in the . water. His teeth were decayed on each side of the lower jaw ; a wooden pipe was on hia person, and he had smoked cn the loft side of his mouth. His boots wero of kip leather, tho right one mended on the upper front in a half circle ; trousers of an inferior tweed ; shirt cotton, striped, and of a buff colour. I He was not identified, and may havo been one of the numerous hop-pickers who lately viBÏted New Norfolk. The American Thistle.-A correBpondent in- forma us that he had a small patch of the American | thistle on his farm. They were cut up with a spade or hoe several times, and came up thicker. Then a fire waa made cIobb by the thistle», and boiling water applied (about half-a-pint) to each, in a tbin stream, from the spout of a kettle. All treated in this way died. A few more carne up, which were probably " nearly up " when the others were killed. It is believed that another application of the boiling water would have completely destroyed them all; but thoy have been cut out with a spade a few times since, and now it is difficult to find a thistle. It is supposed that when killed with boiling water there is no " defi- nite place " for the young sprouts to start from. Biiile Society.-Meetings in connection with the Bible Society will bo held at O'Brien's Bridge to-day, and at Now Town to-morrow. 