THE GALWAY ELECTION PETITION. THE JUDGMENT. ' (From the. Daily Express.') . ' ,j , : ( Concluded. J ; > Accompanying the report in : that ensq - woro certain resolutions aud .one of them ehargedjihp Rev. Father Conway, who turned up in the present case with hav ing violated the statute law. In that oaso; , as iu tho \- .present; he had scattered his slander broadcast over the land, and iu that case too it was proved that' he . .'attuckcd-tlic family of the same centlcmau, at whom lie levelled ; his wrath . during , the last contest, Mr. Rnrlw nf Owrn 'IV11 liitu that. a nrinfifc wnultl not curse ? Why it transpired in' the Mayo case that the meek and gcutlc Father Conway cursed 111 the pre- , . .scnco of qn excited mob any one who would support , the candidate to. wlioni he, was opposed, and for that very act the committee recommended that lie should be dealt with as the statutes of the law _ provided, and he so richly deserved. And now his learned friend Mr. Macdonogli knew why ho referred to the '44th section of the 3 1st and 82nd of the Queen'. It ' created no statutable disqualification of the sitting member iu, that ease, but be would have tho concur- , rcncc of all lawyers in this, that if the trial was. taking place in 1863 instead of 1872, that was within , any period of the seven years referred to by that sec-, tion, by throwing down the report of the Mayo cose,,, and- proving, that Father Conway was the Father Conway dealt with there, the agency of the clcrgy- . . man would have disqualified Captain Nolau. He hnd . some observations to make concerning this gcutlc- ' . man. . It was not a pleasing thing to do, but he had a. duty to discharge, aud he would not shrink from it. He had a duty to discharge to the candidates on both . sides, and' ho did not care a farthing for the conse quences. He had a duty to discharge to the public, . and lie had judicial functions to perform. He hdd a " duty' to discharge to the Legislature,' which lind dc- volyed its functions on his weak, inadequate head ; " but with the blessing of God sparing him strength lie would discliargo it. Father ' Conway, in 1857 (at the time of the Mayo election), was a curate. He' wns now a parish priest. His name was found an nexed with that of the Bishop of Olonfert to the resolutions adopting Captain Nolan's candidature, 1 and he was the' Father Conway of whom the captain said Ke: could not 'check when making scandalous ut- " teranccs in his hearing, simply because he was on his' ' ' own platform. Aye, aud the reverend gentleman himself told them, with nn abominable air of affecta tion, that this platform was erected; within his own demesne — some few acres he (his lordship) supposed whicli'sdme landlord hnd been Arise enough to give him to stop the clapper of his tongue, which must be infinitely more . offensive to the ear than the whistle which disturbed his lordship's rest for six weeks after coming there— tiinu the clapper of the mill (laughter.) Suppose, instcnd .of going through the weary case, he stopped there, avus there a jury iu the land — and lie was a jury for the purpose of the act — who would liestinte to say that Captain Nolan hnd entered into a combination — to be carried out by the unholy agency to which his own brother referred in the words he hnd already quoted — to rob the free and independent elec- /tors of the county of the franchise wliich the Consti tution had conferred upon them ? Butdid it stop there 1 The ecclesiastical circumvallatron was com- , plete-on the 16th of November. All the dioceses were ' ; every embrasure Avas prepared. " Our ar- Jents," said the inimitable, stage manager. Mr. SebasliaujNolan, " nre'nenrly completed." The Bishop of Olonfert hnd been consecrated and made safe. His ' was the largest diocese in the county. Tunm, of' course, was larger, but it extended into, the ndjoiiiing counties. ! of Mayo . and Roscommon ; aud'what was the fine : of conduct pursued . by its diocesnn, , God forbid that, lie should ;sny one word , that the case' did , not require of him,; or of anybody else.' He took no . pleasure-in drawingmen doAynfrom their high places; it was a. mean and a spiteful ambition to seek toipull doAvu dignities. But the. Bishop of -Clonfert claimed for himself the .liberty of human feeling. HeVused,1 in touching language, a phrase which might have es- ; . caped the. ears of some, but which reached ' liim, 1 namely — ".Wlien Captain' Nolan came to mis, I recog nised him as t-lic son of my old friend, the grandson of my old schoolfellow, liis Avorthy and excellent grandfather ; and it Was a hnrd thing to' be obligcd ttr 'refuse him." He liked old friendships and old faces. And let him ask hoAV many of the tenants1 who' were brought up, to voto against' their landlords in the county had ' the same feeling? They Avould never know thnt. : But he had described the state of things before.the Loughrea meeting— before Lord Clanri- carde had arrived iu Ireland — before Lord IVestraeath — that splendid specimen of an educated Irish gentle- ; man,, the head of one of the oldest .Catholic families kingdom, thei head of a family, who fought for their .faith,.: who bled for, their faith, and avIio' wore en- nobled by their, expatriated sovereign, n. title which . the law of the land did not allow them for centuries . to take, but which had now been vouchsafed, to them' . . .a .title,, not one of trumpery modern . creation, but one of the oldest in the roll, of peers.' All that he had. stated had been done before that splendid speci- ,t men of nn . Irish gentleman appeared oh the sccuc, ; Before, he had spoken a word, whilst there ' wns still . . another' Catholic candidate before the constituency when the. only alternative, was not-, as gentleman . would try to make him believe, between Captain Trench and the " Clanoartv ' bigots," and Captain Nolan and,- as the Bishop bf -Clonfert called it " the great principle of restoration." All the preparations of Avhich he had a resume were completed a.month, short three days, before the meeting nt Loughrea, which took place on the 13tli December. ', What did ' the right reverend prclnte mean then AyhCn'he attri buted the; whole of tlieir.'pfpyio'ub subsequent' conduct to the' -Loughrea resolutions /whiolt.Avbro 'not passed ..until every qveniie. of 'the, /constitution "had been closed — closed by ecclesiastical. dictation ? " Bear ing 'hi mind that he. had 'nbt dealt' with any one save the bishops, ho would noiy go to nnother branch of the case. ' On the 16tli November' Mr. Sebastian 'Nolnn declared that nil: their 1 arrangom'onts "were _ . nearly' complete.". ' There ' Avas a Providence,, he believed,' which defeated the' ends' of the darkest conspirators. -Father - Coriwny'hnd made great — OnonficcsT What were they ? He said emphatically ..at the humblest man in the coiinty might compare 'with him after the ' exhibition he mndc of himself in that court house, in the public Press, and in every plnee' Avhere- lie turned up. Still I10 Avas tho honoured, the confidential supporter of Captain \- Nolan. But a greater than Father ConAvay appeared in the course' of operations— Father LaveUe. He wns the orator, the man for the public meetings,- the . ; man to overlook the planting and cffectuol working ' of those, ns it were, batteries planted in the hostile country. He lind the Ordnances maps before him, and- ho admired the judgment displayed in selecting the locality for AMidi of these assemblies— Dunmore, Tunm, Athenry, Gort, Portumnn, Ballinnsloe, Galway, \- Oughtcjard — n beauteous village for snoli a scene — Clij bnee the proud licritnge of the Martins, and th-_/-tibbys — NcAVtownmountbcllew and Newbridge. Tho sitting member Avas very proud of these gather ings. In his oavu Avords " they left nothing to bo neodod in the way of altnr denunciations," Avliich ns his learned friend Mr. Mncdermott naively remnrkod, Avere all subsequent to those " oiicn nir demon strations." He would sboAV what foundation there . avos for that. Foatunately, Father LaveUe, whom Fnthor ConAvay accused of lotting Sir Arthnr Guinoss's tenants alone — dreadful crime — produced a letter addressed to him by Captain Nolan, which thrcAV considerable light on the nftcr eA'ents. The production bore date long before the Loughrea . meeting, before poor Sir Thomas Burke, Avho,' one 1 would think, Avas like the character in ? Don Juan," "the mildest man that ever scuttled ship or cut a throat." (Laughter.) Whether ho voted for one party or the other, or Avhcthcr still more Aviscly he stayed nAvny, 110 more popular man cA-cr Avalkcd tho hills of Parliament. But in this letter before Sir Thomas over did or Hftid anything a olcrical con ference of tho three ' united dioceses Avas suggested for Avhnt ? To ' determine how far tho clergy could go in asking tenants to vote against their landlords, so "that therC ' might bo uniform action Atpon this point, and secondly to organizo a public meeting iu Athenry." Sifch aa'as the strain of Capt. Nolan's communication' addressed to his Jidits Achates, Father Lnvellei on the Otli November, and after the dioceses of Tuam. Kilmacduagh, aud (Jul way hnd prononnced in his favour. That letter avus addressed to Father -Lavcllc, to aa'hom Judge Fitzgerald rc- forred in the Longford case three years ago, in these words : ." Father Reynolds had asked authority that Father LaveUe should not mcddlo Avith them, ana lie did got that authority, aud Fnthor Luvclla did not meddle Avith them, and I most decidedly approve of the course taken by Father Reynolds iu keeping the patriot priest, out of the oouuty Longford. If ho Avas doing his duty ns a patriot priest he Avould not :be in Longford, but attending to,, the Avnnts of his qavu parish." , Tlmt Avas the same pious minister so referred to by Judge Fitzgerald, of Avhom Captain (Nolan oxplaincd, in his letter to Dr. Duggau, just -,qbout jb.be. consecrated Bishop of; Olonfeft. Iioav anxious ho was to sccuro liis' attendance nt all , tho .meetings, aud that he should ' spehk nt some of them. ,That was the .Father LnA'ollc who spoke of Sir '.Thoinas Biirke's ' death-knell, and said that . it'.-was ' pnty.hiq political death knell ho nicant. He (Judge .Kjebgh) AvduhVlikc to see the Tippcrary man Avith a . good bluudcr buss in his band avIio Avould draAv tho ' nice' distinction betAVcen denth knell and political dentil knoll I .. That avus the Father Lavcllo of tlio political' dCath-knell, the same gentleman avIio said hb'woiild put up"' Peter Barnott as a candidate for tho county rather than- Captain Trench. : I'eter Barnctt — avIio Avns ho ? Why Avas his name dragged f or Avard in connection Avith " dcatli-knell " — " political death, knell " if they liked it better. He Avns the sou of an excellent father Avhom hp had. to Comniit in tho course nf t.lin facn lin wnc flirt vnnnir mnn wlin lin/1 linon tried at a Special Commission there, nt aa-liich the Lord Chief .Justice and lie' presided, and again at the bar of ,thc .Court of. Queen's Boueh. For Avhat. ? For having attempted, under1 the clouds of ca'euing tide — the cold- blooded assassination of a gentleman in that county. Talk of scleoting candidates — talk of the "parrot cry' of ' revolutionists" — talk of religion being lost if the influence, of the priests avo-s interfered Avith— talk ; of tlio fFrcnoh. Revolution having lea'to those innurncrable'horrors spoken of by . counsel for i ithe rsitting . member, because the people .neglected-, tho , advice of their clergy. . That wns not .historically, correct. Ho mot it .with flat contra-, diction, and., the statement had been controverted by a .bishop; .who lived at.' the time. There , aa'cto profligate priests, there Avere profligate curates, there a\'ore;profligato abbes, aye, and there Avoro, profligate, and nudnoious prelates. But Iioav could they tnlk of ' all thnt with sucli a priest as he to whom lie. 'had referred still, oftlciatiug— a priest avIio Avent doubtless to the altnr,' but a\dio, going, there, desebrated .the tremendous mystery consecrated upon Calvary j'and avIio in public meotiugs and on public ))latfonns'talked of political death-knells, and said that, if necessary, ho would : prefer— his -lordship would -not; say the assassin — because once a man avos acquitted, he was -in law innocent ; but a man who had no other titlo to ,thc notice ..of. nuy human .being, but tlint lib hnd stood, , twice ,'nccusod before the ,biit of justice, for the at, tempted assassination of liisTplloAVrcroature. That Ayas the ig'entlcnian — the patron |of an accused ass'nssih, who . denounced unchristian' wrath against harmless mon— whom Mr. Sebastian Noloii bo'astod was the, suprpma aid of his gallant brother. " Fathor Lavello is not' to bo beaten." And tlioso words, with various other aots and Words attributed to him, Capt. Nolan dctailod there. Mr! Sebastian Nolnn did not come into the witness chair to explain, but rather chose to :trcat the wholo thing ns a nico jolcc. Ho agreed with Mr. , Murphy, that if Captain Nolan hnd retired upon, the lGth Novcmbor, and noA-er put his foot in the. county again till after tho oleotion was over, his ..return, must have been voided; and the authority on. wliich ho relied 011 the English bench — a judge Avho the other day rofusod to bo made tho First . Judge of Appeal in England, and' wlio, he beliovod, could have had a peerage with it, mid a judge who, ho wns delighted to" say, rcooiA'od his education iii Trinity CoUogc, Dnblin, and was the son of Irish parents. Within tho authority of that loarnod judge, if Captain : Nolan had completed his -labors ivith tho lottor to Fqthcr-Lnvollo, ovory bishop, every priest, from, the . highest to the lowest, rvho noted at theso meetings so called into existence by' himself,' boonino liis agent for the purpose of. the election, nnd by. their acts, sayings, _ and Avritings he must bo bound. That was tlio case to, be mpt, and still, from tho beginning, 'lie noticed that 'tho'wiso and,' he would bo excused for saying, wily advoonto avIio' led for tho sitting member, sought to meet, it; not by defending the acts of his client and his agent; but to 'show that there aa'ns AArrong on' tho other sido, to prevent Captain Trouoli getting the seat -which Captain Nolan had. Nothing aa'us cloaror than that tlioro'-' oould not bo two occupants of tho same physical, spaoo; aud, again, nothing was clearer than that two Avrpugs would not make a right. To proceed,- howbvor.- What followod upon tho lottcr to Falher LaveUe?. A. meeting of the Archbishops, bishops, and. clergy, of tho uuited diooese Ayas hold at 'Athenry,' on1 tlio" Gtli-'of Deconibor, at Avliich a resolu tion 'was adopted biiidiiig tlio priesthood to explain to their peoplo.'.froiti the altars of -their 'several ohapols, thiit they should-' exerbiso the franchise entrusted to them for,;.theipublib' Aveal. aooordiug to their oon- scierices: ''iWhy was 'this new ; born zeal for tlio minds "of the olectorspind-for tho -franchise being-used ac cording to their consciences ? Howover, that further action ivas. taken, boforo Sir Tliomas Burko had nover uttejed a.wprd about priestly dictation, and yot priost . after pripst, 'aiuT.dveii' the bishops' thomsolvos. had como 011' tho1 table to' sivear that Sir Thomas Ayas rosponBiblo for aU they had dono boonuse of liis having uttered \ that ,,'phraso. , Sir Thomas Burke had. beon malignod, had beon. slandered in every way possible, in speeches, and in papers. Tlio foulost lauguago Avhich the most olioico vocabulary eould dictato had been direotod' against him. Ho had used tho words " priestly dictation," and beoauso ho had dono so lio was limited', he aud his family, out of tho country, and furthor, Avhon thore for examination, ho Avas not asked concerning: matters Avhich must have been Avithin tho knowlcdgo of the parties— ho oxoneratod counsel en tirely—matters Avliich lie might liavb oxplainod, but which no opportunity afforded him to explain, except that lie returned again from England, 'where lie had placed. his wifo and famUy in safotj'. Ho had. boon abused for using the words priostly dictation. Having oxamined;tlio whole' of' the cridchco'iu tho case Avitli more care tliaii lip ever did in tlio wliolo oonrse of his lifo, and he spoke from experience at !tlie bar and on the boholr of sixtoen or sovontoon ybars, during Wliioh 'timo'ho never, spared himsolf,' upon a' full -review of the wholo of the evidence lio proclaimed that not only thore was; priostly, dictation,- but that there was tho moBt1 astounding ; and ' aotiA'ci bcolesiastioal ' tyranny praotiso'd 'on itho occasion of the -last election which the' whole liistoiy of priostly iuiiuonce presented. Ho would uoav endeavor rapidly to revioAv tho roports of tlioso' meetings.: Thoy were twolvo iu number, in cluding Avhat ho would call Mr. Fahy's. littlo ono nt BaUydaroen. TheyAvero held at most convenient iilacos, as I10 had already said ; tho county was niarkod off so as to place it Avitliin tho roaoli of njl tho pooplo to attend oiie or oitlior of thorn. The first paper that ho took into his hand was tho Oalway ViMieator of tho 31st Dccembor, and Avhht did I10 find thore ? A yory strnngo fact not inontionod by counsol on oitlior side. The Roman Catholic familios of that oouuty, anoibntin lineago, who lied lost largo possessions by reason of their ndliosion to faith, had boon accused in the progress of that case, and had boon slandered by enrates aud by parish priosts ; but on that 31st Do- L cember.ho ho found a report of a mooting presided over by tho Bishop of Galivay, and avIio Avoro there at tending ? Thoy must havo como speoiUly to tlio stool of repontanco, for lio found tlio High-Shoriff Mr. Goorge Morris, Mr. Piorco Joyce, Mr. John; :W. Lj'iich — a gentlomau who did not troublo himself, although a wholo mass of filth had been raked up and throAvn at him — Mr. Blaco, Mr. Fester, and Mr. M. Lynch, nil assomblod undor tho leadership of tlioir bishop — and to do- what ? To petition Parliament in favour of de nominational odnoatioii; tho vory subjoct, to groat reli gious question Avliich appeared to haA-o poisonod tho whole of tho late oloctioii oonfliot, showing clearly and distinctly that no niattor Avhat Avas said about politics; no rnattor Iioav tho Cntholio gontlomcn of tho connty had boon jnvoighed against, and had boon maligned thoy aa'oro true to tlioir religion, and did not soruplo to yield tho propor plnco to his lordship, on apropor question, aflfeotiug the religion nnd tho moral Avolfare of their ohihlren. That I10 saw in tho papor : it aa'as a matter bf history, nnd hoAvnsonnbled to tnko cognizauco of it. Tho first of Captain Nolan's meotings, passing to that again; avus held at Athenry. Who wns tlioro? Fathor O'Grndy prosidod, and in his oponing stnto- : mont lio announced it might bo well for him to state that Captain Nolon had tho sanotion of the groat arohbishop in his candidature. AR trifles such as tho Portoarron nward, denominational cducntion, Ac., Ac, disappeared, aud tho ono bold fact remained that tho grant arohbishop of tho West was tho patron of tho favored candidate. How avob it that lio had boon onlled tho archbishop of tho WeBt? Thore was a Wost Coniiauglit, but Avas thore a Wost Galway, or Wost Tuam ? Ho hnd rend that tlioro was nu auoiont gnto at tho Avost ond of tho toAvn 011 Avliich Avas in scribed, " May tlio Lord dolivor us from tho great O'Flaliorty but tliiH praiso, this oalling tho Aroh bishop of Tuaui tho great prelate of tho Wost, must bo obnoxious oven to hiiusolf. Ho personally had often considered whotlicr ho would rather consent to bo abused than fulsomely praised ; Avliotlior itAvn3 more offensive to have tho slavor of tlio tongue than tho venom of tho tooth. Amongst those present nt tho mooting tlioy had Fathors Cohen, Loftus, Considine, Mr. Sebastian Nolan, and othors, and tho resolutions ndoptod Avoro nil nbout landlords, tlioir oi-iclions, aud tlioir hostilo characters. It literally drove ono's brain into n sort of topsy- turvoy. JOvory Avitnoss doposod that the landlords Avero tho host landlords that over woro in tlio world ; but 111 those resolutions thoy Avero doscribcd as harsh oppressors and tyrants. Tho Bishop of Gahvay, avIio, he bcliovcd in liis soul, Avns a trno ministor of tho Gospel, nnd lovod tlio interest of his Church more than any other interests ho oould name, Avould, when tho noise and turmoil of that case passed aAvay, and Avlion he saiy things with a clearness of vision, think over mnny of tho stntomonts mado in his hearing in that oourt house. There Avns a rofor- onco to Pontius Pilate nnd to Christ. Blasphemy I Hero was a Cntliolio parish priest speaking of Pontius Pilato having beoomo rooonoilod to tho Saviour of tho world, and making that an nnalogy in that olootiou- ooring address. Then Captain Nolau himself avIio ho lind beon told, nnd Avho, I10 knew, avus one of tho cleverest mon in his oavu profession, ontorcd into the region of theology, and, speaking of St. Paul, said that though lie Avas nn ecclesiastic and an apostloj that did not prevent his exercising tho duties of a citizen : but that gentleman should tnko advice and advnntagc by the old Latin provorb. " JVii sutor ultra crcpiilam" — not an unAviso maxim of life. Why should tlio nnino of St. Paul bo mixed up Avitli tho Loftusos, tho Oolions, tho Stnntons, and the Shanons 1 Next in ordor oamc tho Tuam mooting. Of courso thoy hnd tho Rov. Mr. Thomas thore, nnd tlioro, too, tho Fathor Lavollo appeared. I-Ioav was it that lio enmo out of another diocese? What right had lio to pollute tho dioceso presided ovor by the intellectual, the edu cated, tho grnvo, and solomn religious pastor, Dr. M'Erilly ? . What right had he to como tlioro without special leave ? Still, tlioro ho wns, and thoro nlso woro ' Fathor CoiiBidino and others. Fnthor Considino Avns a highly accomplished and highly polished gontloman. . Wliou on tho tablo ho repudiated certain phrases, which he (tho loarnod judge) thought good nnd turso enough, as too vulgar for liim. But Avbat did I10 say at tho Gort mooting ? " The mon in Amorica Avould say it curso; upon tlio slaves that sold their faitli and their country, if thoy did not voto for Captain Nolan." A curso upon the slaves ! And tlint gontloman said ' that he considered it a disgraco'-a foul lishonor and doscorntion, deserving of suspension, if lie ovor ctirsod or rofusod ritos, or doolinod to attend any Roman Catliolia, though there, in tlio papers rcliod upon by tho sitting member, lie was reported to liavo spoken, tho Avords just road. . At tho samo mooting resolutions woro adoptod' dbuouhoing Catholics avIio would voto for Captain Trench nsrooroauls nml renegades. There, too, Fnthor Lavollo called ir Thomas Burko a " liar," nnd spoke of tho " shoneoi?' landlords, and of various j otlior mattors. Inilood, from what the speakers said thoy Avoro led to boliovo that tlio Cntholio squires of tho county wore an oligaroliy of political robbers. : Thoy Avoro: at tlio NowtoAvnbollow mooting designated i " renogados," nnd thoy all knoAv Avliat that meant. | Noxt camo tlio Portumnn, meeting, vvhoro Father Can ning ncsusod Lord Wostmonth, and Avlioro tho resolu tion aa-ns passed to tho offoct, " that- wo regard , any landlord ns a recreant and a ronognde',1 nny Cntliolio touant who will alloAV liimsolf to be forced to voto for Trench against his oonscichcb." : Thcrotho conscience clauso, Avhich thoy know in- the history of tho National Board, camo in. O110 of tlio spenkors then spoke of Protestantism 'as boing " diiddcd; ngaiiist tho religion of Christ ;" and that in a freo country Avhoro Protes tants and Catholics alike .lived under' tho .beneficent ruloof tho English SoA-oreign, -lauguago aa'as used to an ignorant people such as was only fitted for tho most dogf aded and- dobased ' Fetishos , on tho coast of Afr(oa. Then tho samo reverend gontlomnn-coutiuuod — " Thoro are signs of tho.timos, and 0110 of tho signs of tho end of tho world will bo tlio ghost of old Olivor Cromwell rising from his gravo, in.his .siiiB.": Fancy that repetition of tlio name of Olivor CromAA'cll 1 IIo hoped ho was n loyal man — ho lioped he holiovcd impli citly in the form of govorhmbnt that now oxistod as ' calculated to protect tlio interests aud liberties of the pooplo — tho mixed Constitution undor Avliich thoy lived. But if I10 Avero to lay his hand— for majostio grentnoss of cliaractor, for sploudid genius, for every thing that cnnoblod a great man — on nny monarch, ho . Avould, say undoubtedly tlio: grontest sovereign who; oa- or riilcd in England wns the OHa-ov Cromwell. What aa'as tho nso of going doAvn to tho gravos of tho dead to rako up tlioir aslios in disturbanco:? ; .Did. thoy not knoAV tlint tho Avholo history of tho world wns ono scono of changing opinion of different -parties as to tho most snored and most; sublinio tliiiigs. Speak of Olivor-CroniAvoll ns rising from his gravo ! Was there ovor ft. greater, man in tho country than Edmund Burko, tho greatest orator, statesman, philosophor of his tirao — nyo, ; tlio- propliot, lio should nlso say, for ho had forecast tho future in many things." That Edmund .Burko, Avhom tho . pooplo of Gahvay honoured Avith tlio freedom of tlioir oity many years ago, spbko iii the highest terms ; of praiBO of Crom-. : aa'cll, and so also ' did men . of varying croods and ' varying poi-tios.' ' TI16 loarnod 'Jhdgo, prbcoodod to - show that both Protostnut aud Catholic votors had boen intimidated r from .voting shots .find. beon fired into some hoiisos'.: Lofd"Duns(uidlo's' tenants who had promised to vote for Trench had boon, pro von ted, and Lord Gough's tenants liliowiso ;' Lord DolvhV had boon obliged to absent himself from . cliapol in order . that ho might nbt hoar himself dofamod from tlio nltnr. Tho gentry woro huntod' through tho fields by tno toiiows tiiat, louowoa tnai oosccno monster rat Barnott. Sir Arthur Guinness had boon' woiiuded - fighting his wny at tho hend of twouty-soven of his ' tenants to voto nt. tlio booths after tliey had osoappd- Fathor Conway's mon who awaited tliom. Mr.;Soy- . mour had stated in' tho courso of tlio trial his inten tion of seUing out his properjy mud quitting: .the country. Tho day of sale announced in tho'noivs- papors hnd long sinoo passod, and no doubt it was all ovor. Sobastian Nolnn, in a lottor to oho' of tlio priosts, said,, ."If , Captain Nolan was unsoatod lio had anothor brothor to put forward," but ho' (Judge' Keogh) would tnko oaro that for soa'ou long years the samo machinery .should not bo put hi motion in this coimtry; and if . that . brothor woro to oomo forward and be olooted; tho trial of tho oleotion potition Avhioh might follo'w Avould not bo so long or so famous as this. ' Fathor Cohon had told: his parishioners from tho altar, wliilo hi liis vestmonts ' colcbrating Mass, that thoy woro boiind'to : voto 'for Captain Nolan, and tllat oven if thoy had proA'iously promised to voto aa'itli their landlords . thoy Avere,' bound - to break that promise. That had boon sworn ' and not denied. Every Avord of that statomont' wqiildEo sufficient to unsoat a hundred mombors. ' It had ' b'eoh rbluotantly admitted by Mr. O'Flaliorty, Avho was takon out.of his bod and coorcod to give tho evidence, that Fathor Cohen had said tlio priosts would uso tho confessional undor the Ballot Bill ; but tlio Ballot BiR ivas not yet laiv, aud tho ministers and legislature ought to know of this avoival of Father Cohon. Fathor Loftus's. denial, upon oath, of his hidooont observations ro-" garding Mrs. Griffith, was proved to bo a doliborato porjury ; and ovon 0110 of tlio witnesses against him Avns n man avIio had boon called to ramp up tlio do- bnucliod evidence of that priost. Ho should feel it liis duty to report all those persons as guilty of clorical intimidation. As to tho point raisod in favour of Captain Troncli, Avliotlior notices of disqualifioation lind boon proporly seri'od oil voters, ho .would reserve that for tlio Common Picas', stating that. nil. prepar ations had boon mado aud moans usod by Captain Trouoh's agents to sorvo thorn, until thoy Avoro preven ted by tho agonts of Captain Nolan — namely, those clorgyiuon ono of Avliom had thoaudaoity to apply to tlio doputy sheriff to turn tho man out of tho booth who had coino to sorvc tho voters with tlioso noticos. Tho incapacity of Captain Nolan Avns a innttor of porfoot ' notoriety.; and more tharitliat, tho pooplo thomsolvos aa'cre pussivo instruments in caiTying out- that vary conspiracy to destroy the franchise Avliich tho decision of tins conrt iioav prevented. The charges of treating against Capt Trench ivero Avitliout foundation, and tlio alleged bribery avos not proved. Neither on the .! ground of treating nor that of bribery Avas Captain Trench disqualiifcd from tnkiug his seat in Parlia ment as the representative of, this county, provided that Court of Common Pleas were of opinion that on tho true state of tho law ho Avns entitled to bo so seated. Ho (tho Judge) a a' as asked to report to Par liament that tlio Marquis qf Clnuricnrdo had been guilty of corrupt influcnco against voters. If lie thought he avus so guilty he Avould not licsitnto to report him. Tho Marquis Avns iioav almost the last survivor ; of an illustrious line, the origin of aa'hioli Avns concealed in remote antiquity/that lie avos a kindbeno vol en t. landlord, hadbccu proved by a cloud of Avitnessos. Imngino Avhnt thoy Avould think of this hydra headed monster, if tlioy had him ns oAvncr of Avido domains in tho rich plains of Limerick, tho vast tracts of Cork or Tippcrary, and Avould not tho farmers tlioro chuckle if tlioy hnd a landlord Avhoso lands Avero let provcrbinlly 20 per cent, under | Griffith's valuation. Ho did not consider the Marquis of Clnnicnrdo guilty of corrupt practices, neither Avould I10 report Sir Thomas Burke for tho samo reason ho Avns surd -if ho did not report nny of these gontlo mcn bo aa'ould commit a great outrage in doing so nftcr the drendful disclosures on this trial, nnd the roA'olutionary attitude this contest had assumed. ITo Avould report that the Archbishop of Tuam, the Bishop of Galivay, nnd the Bishop of Clonfert, nnd all the clergy AA'hom ho hnd referred to, hnd been guilty of an organised attempt to defent tho freo franchise of the electors, nnd that Captain Nolan, byi his brothor Hebastinn, nnd nil those episcopal and clerical persons, hnd been guilty of corrupt practices. The Roman Cntholio Church iu this country enjoyed n grcntcr amount of practical freedom than in any other country in tho world. Hoav long that might continue if such transactions ns had been disclosed on this trial avcto repeated, it avus not for him to say. Three yenrs ago, Avhon giving judgment in the Gnl- Avay Borough Election Potition, he had expressed n hope, tlint as Parliament avus then about to strike doAvn ono nsccndancy, the Roman Catholics of Ireland Avould not submit nnother nnd more gnlling ono to be substituted ;for it ; but three yenrs had elapsed since then nnd the attempt lind already beon made. It hnd been mot, hoAA-over, by tlio independent spirit and intelligence of the Roman Cntholio gentry of this great country nnd defeated, and he felt proud of his countrymen for having hnd the courage nnd tho spirit to do it. Tlio charges against Cnptaiii Trench Avoro ultogothor unfounded, nnd he aa'ould order Contain Nolan to pay the entire costs of the petition. . . 'The .learned judge. aa'as nine hours speaking.. After the court rose a small mob chased carriages in Avhich if is stated Mr. Lynch and Mr. Pierce Joyce wore, nnd a few panes of glass in houses Avero broken. 