Thursday, May 9. John Aitkin re-called : I did not notice what Col lins did with the bridle; the saddle produced is the same that Collins took away from Tartolla on the 21st November; the saddle-pocket was attached to the saddle that day, both when he left and when he returned to the 'selation; exhibit 25 (strap on Col. line's saddle) is the same that Mr. Zieman took off my saddle on the 21st November ; I know a place on the station called the old yard; it is about six miles up Tartulla Creek; it is west from the head station in an opposite direction to Gunde-Gunda Creak ; I must have made a mistake yesterday when I said that the place where the body was found lies due west; the Oaks are not half-a-mile from the main yard; the old yard is about ten miles in a straight line from where the body was found; the road from Gunde Gunda Creek and the road from the old yard come into onejust about where I saw the prisoner when he returned to the station on the 21st November; I saw M'Govern on the station that night; lie returned be fore sundown; I was close to him when he come in ; he came from the direction of Dongs station; he brought in a mob of about ten horses; he did not ap pear to be wet ; he returned about an hour and a half after Collins; he ran some horses up the paddock when he came in; he and I drafted the hIorsos to go with the cattle the following day; he left the station on purpose to get one of his own horses to go with the cattle; he did not bring in the hlrse he was looking for; he put his saddle when he came in on the veran dab of my hut; William Beckett left the station on Thursday, November 23, and returned about a fort night afterwards; his brother and Patrick Collins went with him to St. George ; Thomas Doyle and the black boy left with the cattle at noon on the 22nd November; M'Govern did not go with the cattle; I saw M'Govern leave the station that morning; le did not return until after the trial at St. George--a fort. night afterwards; on the 22nd November Collins was getting ready to go to St. George ; I did not see him till after breakfast that morning; I was on the station when the news came of the horse being found ; the news was received on Saturday, the 25th November; Mrs. Beckett was on the station when the news came of the horse being found ; I did not hear her say any. thing then; the news of the murder came on the fol lowing day; Mrs. Beckett said, when she heard the news, " Patsey, Patsey, my God, what have you done!" the police came afterwards; I was not present when the police came to search the first time. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake : I had seen Collins in Ipswich before; it might have beetn ten years that I saw him at that place before I saw him at Tartulla; I heard he had been in trouble during that time; I do not recollect what it was; I heard something of his tieing a man to a" tree, but did not hear of Isis letting him loose; I had been over two years at Tartulla in November last; Collins told mear lie came direct from his mother's house when he came to Tartulla; he did not tell me how long he had been at liberty ; 1 asked him several times how they ploughed the ground and cultivated the sugar-cane at St. Helena; after tea, on the 20th November, when myself and Mr. Zieman went into old Mr. Beckett's room, Collins and Mrs. Beckett were in the parlour together; Mrs. Beckett wais sewigfij. I only went out of the room once, and Collins and Mrs. Beckett 'still remained in the parlour; I do nob .know whether Collins was in bed on the night of the 21st Novem. ber; there are two beds in Collins's room ; when persons came to the station they usually slept in that room, but gentlemen were put in the parlour' I said in' my examination at St. George that Mr. Zienian told me about 8 o'clock in the evening he would give £800 cash down for J. Beckett's brand; I may Ji e wrong about the time, for the clocks do not go properly and sometimes are stopped ; I swear that similar words were made use of by Mr. Zieman on the morning of the 22nd ; he did not say he would give an order on his brother in St. George; I diS not see Mr. Zieman take the strap from my saddle, but I knew it came from t.wrpe.,_aezbaima? ith. -btlg ian1die id,'oa , I have bae ety uretrap;" at the place where I saw prisoner coming towards the station there are fences on both sides leading up to the house; I saw Collins last on the night of the 21st November in the parlour,.at about half-past 9 o'clock; I saw the man Marsh in the morning; he was up at the time; I did not see Collins on the morning of the 22nd until after we had done drafting the cattle-it was about 10 o'clock; he was then walking on the verandah of the kitchen ; Collins was about the station all that day; on tihe night of the 22nd, to the beet of my belief, Collins was in the par lour when I saw him last; I saw him start with Beckett for St. George about 10 o'clock on the moru ing of the 23rd; I did not take particular notice of his saddle and bridle; I could not swear he had any strap for holding pots on the saddle; I know that he had his own saddle, but I did not take notice of the bridleo; I know that Collins caus write; I said before the magistrates that the cheque for Mr. Murphy was draw on on the Bank of Australansia-that is correct; I recollect now that I was wrong in my statement yes terday in saying that it was on the Commercial; when Mr. Zieman spoke to me about giving £800 for the cattle on the night of the 20th November, M'Govern may have been there, but I do not recollect seeing him; in the morning M'Govrern was there; Collins and he werp about two or three yards apart; Colains had clean trouapre wahen he starte-.with Beckett for St. George. Re-examined by the Attorney-13eneral: Collins's bay horse was branded something like WG or Con the near shoulder ; I would know the horse without the brands; I saw the horse both at St. George and Toowoomba. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake: I said before the magistrates at Surat, and now swear, that iMrse. Beckett said to Hyles, on the 20th November, " Do you mean to say that Mr. Zieman is murderedP" it was ofter that that Mrs. Beckett spoke about Pateey. By the Attorney-General: I have no doubt about the words having, been used; I believe Thomas Jones was there, and two or three more, who heard the same words. William Turnbull deposed: I was stockman at Tortulla in November last; I was on the station on the 21st of that month; I saw Patrick Collina return to the station that evening; It saw him close to the yard; I had a conversation with him just after breaktast of the eamo day; he asked me if I was going down the paddock; I said, "Yel;" he then said, "If you see a roan horse will you run him up, as I want to put my other two horses out to grass ;" I said I would; Collins had three horsee-a roan, a bay, and a black; I brought the roan up for him that morning; I saw the other two in the paddock afterwards; Collins came hoe shabout half-an-hour before sundown ; I asked him if he had put his horses out; he said, "No ;" I asked him if he had seen any grass, and he replied, " I have seen grase and water too;" be said lie did not put -them out 'because lihe thought they might go away; this conversation took place in !le stocknard; lie said lie had seen a mob of "flyers;" I asked him where he had seen them, and lie said it was nearly up at the old yard up tile croek ; I asked him if he had had a shot at them, and lie said he had; I said, " I expert you could not do any good with them," and he replied, "I turned them two or three times, and then lt them go ;" I went to bed between 9 and 10 o'clock that night.; I saw Collinst about half-an-hour before I went to bnd; I was up next morning before daylight, and went to assist in drslting the cattle shor-ly afterwards; Collins camse up whlen we had nearly finished the drafting; after we hiod filished we went to breakfast; it must then have beat nearly two houresaftor sunrisel; Collins was not present at breakfast; I did not leave with the cattle to go to St. George; I left the staltion after dinner; I joined the eattle somewhere on the road; bhannon M'Oovern and William Beekett went with me to the cattle; 1-'Govern was with me all the time. Cross-examined by Mr. Blake: When we returned to the station Zieman's murder was known; one night I put on a white night-dress belonging to Mrs. Beekett and went out of the front gate, and round by the wood heep in front of the kitcheon; I wentuptothekitehen door; there were some of them that were frightened at it; on the afternoon of the 21st November Collins was up at the yard with mo I was handling a young horse; it was about half-an-hour before sundown; I know a man by the name 'of Thomas Doyle; I did hot hear him say anything about iMr. Zieman's ghost; I went out tp frighten a man named Newson ; Iado not remember htering him say he had seen Mr. Zieman's ghost. ' John: Claioey deposed: I am a contractor residing at St.'Georges; I remember the 21st November laIst I was it Tartulla station about that time ; I saw Mr. Simbnl' Zieman there on Tuesday, the 21st; I lent Mr. Zieman a horse on that day; it was a eheanut horse, the same I have seen outside the Court to-day; I left the station on the 21st with John Beckett, and did not see him again until I took him from Donga to St. George's Bridge ; I cannot remember the day when I saw him at Donga ; he was cut across the hock on the near side of the hind leg; it was the horse I lent to Mr. Simon Zieman, and was not cut in the manner described when I lent it to him. John Beckett deposed: I am a grazier residing at Wycombe station ; I was at Tartulla on the evening of the 20th November ; after tea that evening I was in my father's room with my brother, Simon Zieman, and John Aitkin; I saw Patrick Collins after tea, when I was going into my father's room; I did not see any more of him before I went to bed ; I slepe. in the same room as Patrick Collins that night; the next morning lie said to me, " That fellow had great blowing about his money last night;" he also said, " What was that be offered to you for £8 ?" I said it was a £4 cheque he was offering to sell for £3; Mr. Zieman had offered me a cheque of £4 for £3 in my father's bedroom the previous night ; Mr. Zieman had been talking about money in my father's bedroom ; it was about purchasing some cattle ; Zieman offered a price for cattle, which was refused; my father said something about bills, and Mr. Zieman remarked, " I don't deal in bills; if you will let me hare the cattle I will let you have thecash-nell in notes if required;" he said, " The cattle must be delivered at the Bridge by Friday next if I buy them ;" the cattle were offered before we talked about the cheque; alter we talked about the cheque offered by Mr. Zieman for sale he showed me another cheque, and told me he was going to pay it to Mr. Murphy, the solicitor, for a bill of my brother's; I made the remark, "It is not signed"-it was not signed ; I left my father's bedroom at 11 o'clock and went to bed in Collins's room about 12 o'clock ; next morning about 8 o'clock we had the conversation on the kitchen verandah a short time after breakfast; I saw Collins about an hour and a half after the con versation; he was carrying a bridle and saddle on his arm; lie walked by the kitchen door; I was sitting inside; after dinner I saw Mr. Zieman's horse saddled; I saw the horse break the head-piece of the bridle, and Mr. Zieman cut a hole in it to mend it; he was putting on his waterproof coat, which fright ened the horse; it was a common English bridle; the two cheek-pieces produced (portion of exhibit 86) are like portions of the bridle that I saw broken; the headstall gave way at the buckles; one of the cheek pieces produced is slightly torn close to the buckle that fits on the head-piece; the head-piece of this bridle (36) does not correspond with the cheek-pieces; the horse pulled back and nearly fell down ; (exhibit F1 shewn to witness) the rein of this bridle is like the one Mr. Zieman had; I notice the rein is torn near the buckle; it does not appear an old tear; I gave evidence about this tear at Surat; I saw Mr. Zieman leave Tartulls; I noticed a whip in his hand ; it was a greenhide whip, broken about nine inches from the end; I left Tartulla that afternoon with Clancy, about 3 o'clock; we went over to Dongsa station, which is about three or four miles distant by the road; we saw some drays camped near the Donga woolsbed; we went up to the drays; there was an old man, a young man, and a boy with the drays. Cross-examined by Mr Blake! .*heobridle is of a very common pattern, so aleo'is tli~n* ip; I cannot say whether the break on the whip is in the exact place that I saw with Mr Zieman ; I know a girl by the name of Jane Ryle; I saw my brother William Beckett give this girl a beating; it was a little before Collins came to the station ; he beat her with a whip; it was the same sort of whip as this before me (No. 27); I could not say if it was broken; I'took the whip out of his hand II do not know what'I did with it. Thomas Marsh, who appeared to be'euffering from severo illness, habed to be assisted into the Court. The uthosat consideration was shown to him by the learned con~nel on both sides; and onbeing acopmmodated 'ithia chair he stated that he biia saffering from a bad cold., Oo examination by Mr. Pring he said.: I am a grader residing on the Maranoan ; I we .at Tartulla station on the 21bt November last; I saw Patrick Collins there on that day; I slept at Tattulla that night in a little.end room; it ji. skillion-room and Patrick Collins slept in -i ?bbpn with me that nights e e was in bed'" i' - etired, and I did not observe that there 'i' saddle in the room ; Igot up about 6 o'elock'lidsf morning, leav ing Collins in bed; when I gbt.40on the morning of the 22undI cannot say wlsbtnr4ta sl .li?tbhes on ; I did- net see any elothes by the when I got up; he was underneath the bdltthes, aMid I did not speak to him after I went to bed; I slept soundly that night; I left Tartulla on the mornieg of the 22nd about an hour after sunrise; I left the door of the bedroom open when I went to bed, and the door was open when I went out in the morning; I awoke once during the night; I cannot say whether Collins was in bed oa not; I went to sleep directly after I went to bed. His Honour, on inquiring of counsel and the jury if they would require this witness aby more, kindly told him that be might return to his home. John Shannon M'Govern deposed: I am stock keeper to John Beckett ; I was stock-keeping for William Beckett up to the 22nd November last; I had been with him nearly three years; I Grst saw the prisoner Patrick Collins on the 12th November last; on the 14th of that month I nod Collins went to Donga Creek, a station of Mr. O'Brien's; the bridle Collins was using was a very narrow bridle, composed of thick loather, and with a very narrow throat-strap; we slept at Glen Erin that night in the same room; Collins opened a swag in my presence that night; I saw its contents ; there was a blanket, quart pot, a pair of moleskin trousers, and a Crimean shirt inside of it; there was no saddlery of any kind in the rwag; I saw him do the awag up in the morning; he put nothing in that ihe had not taken oat before; we went back to Tartulla next morning; I rode a black horse belonging to Col. lins; lie had one horse with him; it was a big bay horse; he rode that; I never saw the horse be fore; I saw the orses in the police-yard this morn ing; Collins was riding with the narrow bridle he rode up with; he had another old bridle with which he led a packhorse ; Collins sold the old bridle to Thomas Doyle; I saw it in his possession on thie 18th Novem ber; Collins, myself, and some others wont away from Tartulla for some cattle, and 'returned to the station on the 19th ; all returned except John Aitken, wham we left on the road with his horse knocked up; Collins had with him all the narrow bridle withl theexcopti,,n of the reins which I saw him exchange with his sis ter. (No. 86 prod'tcer.) These are the reins that Collins got from Mrs. Backett; the headpiece and forehead-band I belibee to be part of Collins's bridle; the throat-lash and 'heek-piecea did not belong to the bridle. (F1 psbtliteed.) To the best of my belief these ebeekpie?bes belong to.Colli?a's bridle; I remember the 20th,Novomber lIst; I met Mr. Zieman on the station; I saw Collins pull off a pair of trousers in the kitchen that night; he had another pair of moleskin trousers underneath; I saw him leave the station next day; he had on the same pair of clean moleskin trouiere; after he left Mr. Zieman and I went away together ; before leaving Mr. Zioman's horse broke his bridle, the horse lhaving been fright ened by Mr. Zieman while putting on.his waterproof coat; the bridle gave way at thie buckle which fastens the cheek-piece to the head-piece; Mr. Zieman cut a fresh hole and mended the bridle; thie reason lwhy I left the stotion was that I was going over the river to look for some horses; Mr. Zicman had belhiei tihe saddle two pint-pots and a pair of hobbles; they nere fatened with a little strap made of plaited horolrhide; I had seen the stra;t before on Aitkou'o saddle; when he took it off be showpd it to Aitken, and told him he bhad eot the strap; Ihet put it in hIis wasitcoat pocket, and afterwards put it 6dn his saddle; I would know the strap again ; (No!25 produced) this is the strap; I know it by a strandl that is not scraped; it lhas got the hair on it; when I left Toartulla with lI. Zietn?n lhe looked at his watchl, and said, "It is half-past 1 o'clock." [At this stage of the proceedings, Mre. Boekett, thie female prisoner, broek down under a paroxysm of acute mencal anguish, exclaiming, "'Oh Agnes! 1Oh Agnes !" Water was procured, and the unfortunate sufferer was removed outside the Court, where after an interval of about fifteen minutes, she recovered sufficiently to enable her to returd to the dock.] Enxamination of J. 8. M'GIovern continued: On leaving thie station Mr. Zieman and I proceeded on the Dongs road to the ceossing-plase; we kept the road niall the way till we crossed $he river at the crossing place; after crossing we got insight of the Surat road, and struck across to it; we struck it about half-a mile from the Dongs woolshed; the crossing-place is about tlceA miles from the station; it wne ramining t little before we struack the Surst road; we saw two ballole- temsts,-ad a boy driving some spare bullocke ; the teakna were going in a direction from Surat to'St. Georgeb after coming on the road we centered part of the road in the direction of SGurat; T went about two and ahalf miles with Mr. Zieman ilom where we struek the mroad, and we struck the road ?bqqut half- a-mile from :thbe' rossing-place ; we rwee t an t the long swamp, and here I turnedof the roadto look for some horses ; Mr. Zieman proceeded on in the direction of Surst, and I nerer saw him again; I know the water hole at Gundo-Gunda Creek where Mr. Zieman's body was found; I think it is about four miles from the swamp I mentioned; that waterholo is on the left as one goes to Surat; I turned off to the right, went round about a mile, and then to Dongs again; I sea the drays for the second time at Douga woolshed; they were then camped; I had my horses with me then ; I went up to the bullock-drays, and I spoke to the men; it was about three- quartere of an hour or an hour from the time we had seen them before; efter speaking with the bullock-drivers I went down to the Dongs station, but there was nobody at home; from Dongs house I went across the plain about a hundred yards from the drays, and then I proceeded up Dongs Creek in search of some horses: I found and took home five head, and these were some of the horses I went out to seek ; when I got home that evening I drafted some of the horses and put them in the pad dock; I got home just after sundown ; when I arrived at the house I saw the prisoner Patrick Collines ; I went to bed about 9 or half-past 9 o'clock; when I came in I put my saddle in the verandah of the men's hut; Aitkeon sleeps in the men's hut; I slept that night in the kitchen verandah in front of the store door; I got up next morning soon after daylight, and went to the yard to draft cattle; I got ready for start ing with the cattle; the cattle started before me; I followed them after dinner; I left the station with William Turnbull and William Beckett; William Beckett went about two and a half miles with us on the road, and then turned back; the reason why I did not start with the rest was that I was preparing for a long journey, and I had a young horse to quiet that had not been caught for three years; we were about two hours quieting this horse; we had two pack-horses and one to hobble up; Collins was at the yard when we broke in the horse ; Collins joined us on the 23rd; I noticed his bridle that evening; I ob served that it had new cheek-pieces on; by new I mean they were different from what Ihad seen before; they were wider and appeared to have formed part of an English bridle, and had double buckles; (No. 36 produced) the cheek-pieces produced are like thos I saw on Collins's bridle; I noticed the throat-lash of the bridle; it was different to the one'I had seen in his possession before ; it was wider; I saw the bridle again the same night, and afterwards on Collins's horse at St. George; it appeared to be the same bridlein all particulars as that I observed in Collins's possession on the 23rd Novenber; I maw it next at Burst; prerious to leaving Tartulla I noticed the saddle; it had then a leather strap on ; I did not notice any other strap on the saddle on the 19th November. 