ïwonoiT siwí »od rumours still oeoupy éo. m\ attention, that all other matters are excluded fi publio notice, and speculation ii rife aa to the p ?odelle of tbo new Ministry, in tba «Tent of I present being 'brown ont. Soma very claror pera AU.invented a Hat and published it; but I oafi t you, o« the yery beat authority, namely, my o's that it ia .all wrong. Tho sew Ministry .will made np of a compromise, and neither Parke« a Bobsrtion will hare "anything to do with it. ] consideration of Mr. Cummings having oarriod in G J. Martie, the latter will concede to him the fir place, and tske office under him aa Solicitor-Genera Our friend Mr. Baphsel ha* been offered the post ( Colonial Secretary, but I to told, has not JI made up bia mind. Mr. W. Forster, for whoi ibis . offioe was . intended, ia believed t have mada tracks for the bush, and to bo in hiding lomiwhera in the mountains, where nobody cai Had hist. Mr. J. Stewart takea the Treasury, or ai mush ashs can get of it; and the long- fidelity ol Hr. Hoskins to whiohever party seemed likely to get ?ppermost is at last-Tandem triumpbana !-to be -rewarded with the Secretaryship for Publie Work«, tba duties of which, with characteristic liberality and patriotism, he offers to porform without receiv- ing any salary. Mr. Hannell goes to the Lands-a geed speo Mr. Lucas will he Postmaster-Gonoral -with a seat in the Upper House; and his aotive 'pedestrian habits enable him to undertake tho j \- delivery of all the mails himself.- The now Ministry would thsu ctand aa - follow«,' premising that Mr. Baphael's acceptance is «till very doubtful, aa he has be sn ha« rd. te declare that he wouldn't start with fach a iorubby lot on any. aaooum ; ? AUornoy-Genota! and Premier... . ., ... Mr. Cumming" ?ColonialSecretary .. .. Mr.Barbae! t Trcainrer .. .. .. ' .. .. Mr. Stawart lacíi ' ,"' .¿ - .. .. ~ . . Mr. Hanneil Work! .. .. .. .. .'. .. Mr. Hoiklni BoUcttor-Ooneral .. ... ... .. Slr J. Martin Putnutor-Oeacral .. .. .. .. Mr. Lucas. 1/ the above liât doesn't tarn .out to be correct, don't blame me for it. X oan only say that it ought io be ; and thia new association of men of talent and' energy would soon mako the - country what Went- worth ptodioted of it- : A nsw Britannia In another world I A government notification of great impórtanos,, think, to these colomie, h«» lately appoared, infortt lng us that a queetion whioh had at various timi .xolted very strong feeling), and was at one time o the point of oausing absolute rebellion, whioh woul certainly at that time have been put down by th sword, has now been set at rost for «vor. I aliud to the despatch of tho Secretary of stato to th ?Governor of Kew Zealand, annnunoing that, i OOnieqnenco of the remonstrances from bis Ministen her Majesty's Government had resolved that, ii "future, no aonvioted prisoners from Westorn Ans tralia should be) authorised, on reoeiving conditions ?pardons, to land in any other settlement of Australia The deipatoh says, oorreotly enough, that, althougl three ef tho colonies, including K,ew South Wales had abstained from passing any penal enaotment against this kind of immigration, yet it would bi invidious, and might provoko resentment, if thi ssw regulation wero not made general. Ao'ordingly ia all futuro conditional pardons a clause is to bi inierted exempting all the Australasian oolootes frort the oporation of suoh pardons, which are to beoomi forfeit if th« holdora land anywhere within tho Ans kalasian limits. They must prooaed elsewhere, This may be regarded as positively the ond of con victism in Australasia, und is another evidence ol the dsiiro of the Imperial Government to conform to tho wishes of the people of UIÍB country. I aro one of those who have always thought that there ma lome cruelty in passing laws imposing hoary punishments, for tho exolusion of these people. If a man had baen convicted of orime, and had undergone the penalty to auoh an «xtont that the Sovereign Power, tho aouroo of mercy in auch eases, oinoeived hia release justifiable, it appeared to ne to ba arbitrary, if not unjustifiable, on tho part Of any Btate of the empire to interfere for the pur- pose st restricting tho conditions of that release. In point of faot, muoh inconvenience, and oven nfiering, must have been endured in oensequonce, sud it will be easily remembered in the caae of the * political prisoners' er ' Fenians/ who were recently pardoned by the Crown on condition of not roturr^ifog to the United Kingdom, but driven away whenever they sought a homo in these colonies, until come of them took up their abode' in Kew ¡South Wales, whero thore was nothing to molest them so long os thoy behaved like other colonists, and whore, so- far ns we know they havo dono nothing to diaorodit thoir kindly reoeption, with tho oxoeption of foolish «vation on their arrival, for whioh, however, their enthusiastic sympathisers seem to have been moro Ksponaible than themselves. But, fer all this, thora waa an clement of social disunion and disoontont While this question remained opon. Political fooling' and antipathies wore reawakened in tha casos lnat leferrod to, and in some others there can ba hardly » doubt that this oolony auffored soma disadvantage from the introduction of rory asoomplishod artists j in polished criminality from Western Australia. Kobody, I think, oould. with fairness, drow arv oomparieou between the ' political '? offenders and the burglars, pickpockets, and other criminals of that clan who haye landed hore with conditional pardons; but oren those latter, who, ns experionoohas shown, are by no means incapable of hoing con Terted and beooming vory good members pf society, would be far preferable to some of. the polished and dexterous swindlers-tho gentlemen-thioros-who who hare fonnd their way hero from 'WeBtom Aus- tralia, under tho conditional jordon system. It is well-known that somo of these aooomplishod gentle i nun icon 'made their mark* hore, and took up a Volition which'waa absolutely insulting to those who ?*«» »wara of their antecedents. On tho whole, j tken, it ii right we'll that tho whole system is abo I Uihed, and that wa are to have no more of it. Some ; injuatlcet waa necessarily inflicted by it upon the ! store deierving and meritorious of the oonditionn'ly } pardoned met, for it was manifestly impossible to j draw nico d'ltinotions. Her Majesty's Government , hil, I oonceire, acted with taate and discretion in ! getting rid of the whole aubjeot, and Australasia will I hs right glad to hear the last of it. . . - Qnitatland-a favourite quarter of tho world, hy the way, with mo-has not, it appoara, abandoned the praotico of distinguishing itaelf beyond all the tut of oar eoloniea by th« peculiar oooontriottioa of Ita publia mon It ia not very long nineo wo heard *t tho Colonial Saoretary and , Primo Minister 'Jumping on to a table at a publio mooting at Rock- hampton, and treatiag the apootatora gratuitously to » rnoit spirited saltatory exhibition. I presume that tte danos wai th« well-known ? Collego harnpipo,' whisk would give an opportunity for th* Premier to uUroduoe'aitav* pr two from the oh aunt long »go attributed by London Punch to the then Lord John ' Kmeüií:- '; ~ " " v' At the o]>o>lor of tb» aeuloa ' '?"'.,,.<"< ,1 deplored with frank oonfeulon - Mr dumay and otn»t> ruatlon at the w«k I had to do. .' ': But I hardly apprehended That, whan Parliament wu ended, I should dod so very little I had taanaa*ed to get through. Tho noxt freak from tho North that I remember «rae that of Mr. Pring, pulling the Speaker's nose. Ko, atop a bit-it wasn't the Speaker'a sosa that W9S pulled, but another member's that was threa- tened, or something of that kind. . The result, h >w OTor, was that the delinquent sloped ta Darling Downs, whera he wai rjuraned and arrested hr a common ' Bobby,' und.r tho Speaker's warran The last caso we have is a Supreme Court affair, i whioh poor Slr. Pring also figuros, but not at all i conspicuously as Mr. Blake, kia opponent in the cai before the Court. Mr. Blake ^ia well ' known i I Sydney aa a gentleman of yeara and large expc rience, a formar Distriot Court Judge, a Q C., and mun who, I thought, always prided himself some I what upon the choice selection of his language. - i dispute having ooourred in the Court hotween him self and his ' honourable friend,' Mr. Bla^e, whosi narco smacks somewhat of tho. County of Galway mado use of the fiery but intelligible asseveration. 'I don't earea damn.' The judgo, our old friend Imtwyobe I presume, waa naturally shocked at this sort of forensic argument, and Blake had to retract, but atill persisted, as a raitter of faot, in deolaring that he did not care a damn for his opponent. Well, perhaps he. didn't; hut aa the matter seems to have ended hore, I nm inclined to think that ho got off luckily with only a reproof from the -judge. ' I like a jolly fellow,; and á man who doesn't care a damn, and doesn't care a damn who knows it, is worthy of the encouragement of socioty for his pluck' and sincerity. '.At the same time, this kind of thing is rather oalaulated to roproduce" -such chivalrous oncountoraáa were formerly sofrequehtin the 'Fhay nix,' and occasioned so much pretty pistol oxoroise at 12 or 15 paces. Our Quoenslandors want a ' Pro- fessor of Beportment ' amongst them, before they I got any lower. . That San Franoisco paragraph *hioh yon pub lished the other day, concerning the establi*hmen of a society o' young men for the purpose of reaoumj yoong ladies from drowning, deserves especial marl i from'tho/fuct of the profound observation and soun< philosophy contained in it. The writer wishes i distinctly to be understood that ho fights.shy .of th whole affair, and will have nothing to do with it Ho has often, he ssys, stood by with the most stolit indifference,, and seen youop; ladies' noises disappeai beneath the water. JPor why ? "Why just for thiB because ho harr known innocent youth*-' pelicans, or ' mullets' I beliovo they are called in thii oountry-to plunge in to the reaouè of thc apparently endangered fair ones, .and find ¡ their nooks immediately onciroled with the fair arms, while rosy lips murmured in their cars: 'The lifo thou bast preserved, noble youth, ymir". Whither thou goest I will go; thy horses and carriages shall he my horses and carriages.' Tho ' dodge is not a bad one, and is worthy of the inventivo genius of the sex ; but, says the paragraphis't, ' we are too olcLa sturgeon tobe oanght with a spoonhook.' And quito right to; : As the marine saya in the. story, "Tis. woman that sejuiooa all mankind.' Look at poor TJnole Toby and the widow, who kept urging him to discover what sho had in her .eye, and .then carry your mind down th> page of history to tho óaso of Mr». Bardell, and the aoduclive chops .and tomata aauoo with whióh she sought to ensnare the uasuspooting and bon ovoUnt Mr. Piofcwick I A fellow who was a good swimmer, and not without pluok, might have an opportunity of earning the gold medal of4ho Royal Humane Society by joining thia new associa- tion for the resoue of drowning1, women ; but what would this he in tho balance against captivity for life P Our Californian friend does good Berrico in I sounding warning note against the dancer Candidly Bpoaking-, I havo been in seaTohof a joko ; bat, speaking with equal candour, I don't think there fa anything of tho kind in the world, with the ezcoption of existence itsolf, and that, I must admit, is a moat awful sell. I remember a atnry in ono of tho old Annuals, about a puzzled author in aearoh of on idea, when ' at last the poor devil fancied that he had discovered one, and fell asleep aftor having committed to his manusoript a record of his prize. But he was haunted all night by .tho ghosts of tho many thousands who had been in possession of the joke before him, and who, reckon- ing downwards through many oenturiea of history, all claimed it as their own. Some of my own jokes are, I am told, not bad occasionally; but not even tho attenuated speotre of one turns up to-day. I had thought of trying a littlo clever plagiarism, and paraphrasing ene or two of those startling bits of racy humour that appear in the columns of your lively friend and neighbour tho Herald ;. but I don't want to sot your lady friends into fits or pro- voke tho gentlenson to chase you or me with tho kilohm poker. What's to bo dono ? As we cannot find anything convenient te laugh at juat now, what do you say for all hands to turn to and have a. good oryf Wo began tho week rather lugubriously, and can hardly conoludo it better than with a wholesomo, lachrymose bowl. So, brethren, let us treat the publb to a series of poses plastiques, fall upon each other's neoka a la Vincent Crummies upon that of Nicholas Pickleby, and howl like a Connemarra man at a wake. We'll bo jolly again next week, if I ¿an find anybody to laugh at who is not likely to show fight. -'>'??? 