LECTURE. On Thursday evening last the Ber. Thomas Craig, of Sydney, delivered a lecturn in St. Stephen's Presby terian Church on the subject "The only cure for the drunkenness of the land." There was a'very large atteedanee, and the lecture was listened to with great ttention.trlosgghout. The proceedings having been opene4 with devotional services, The reverend lecturer commenc&d; by stating that there was no class of people, be their opinions what they might, who could not adduce texts of Scripture in support of them, which they did in some instances without perverting thie paessages, bu simnply byleaeing out portions which did not suit their purpose. This he explained by reciting certain texts of Scripture, and pointing out the weyin which the meaning waswrested. He then proceeded to quote other passages which gave a certain license and laid down prescribed limits as the standard of propriety, and which might be considered as suitable for the adro sates of temperance principles. These were fol lowed by a text for total abstainers, with a deduction in accordance with the views contaised in them, viz.e that the Seoiptures hither suited or seemed to suit the views of the epicarean; that they nsuited the reform iltg principles of those who contended only for simple temperance; and that they contained denuncia tions against those who "tarry long at the wine," and " who go to seek new wine." There was still another enporceding mode furnished in the Bible, snd that weeas tente which maintained the doo trine of those who not only repudiated the moderato .use of wine but even denied that of fermented wine at all. The advrocathes of thisnmode argued with the Apostle Peul that they had no right to indulge in any bhing which tended to excite a brether's'prejudioe, impaired his moral strength, or placed a stumbling block in his way. After showing proof oftbe evil tendencies of gluttony and drunkensess from the words of Solomon, the rev. lecturer proceeded to ask. how the abominable vice of drunkenness was to be remedied. He had already alluded to two modes- those-oof temperance and total abstinence --he former of which he described as one of the fruits of the ina dwelling of the Holy Spirit in the soul. The great question wsee-did it go farenough P Did it probe the depth of the wound? Was that which feetered and. eaused the inflammation discoeredP And this total abstainers denied, retorting upon temperance advo cates, what thle latter at first had retorted on others, that they were the enoise of all drunkenness, having left the diseased matter in.the wound to rankle, feater, and inflame; and contending that they must go far' ther,-and come upto the apostle's standard, by neither touching, tasting, nor hanidling anything "whereby their brother stumbled, or was oRcended, or was made weak." For the license which temperance adrocates gave, they were charged with keeping up and promot ing diunkenness, ind total abstainers strenuously op posmd their system, convinced that it was the most aellcacious way of promoting that vice which, if per sisted ri, would ultimately lead to the certain ruin of its victims. Now, while it would not be wisdom to stand in theway of the reformation of any class, pro vided the mcans adopted were-not sinful, and while the resfrictions and regulations of both parties were good and tiseful in themselves, it was pertinent to ine quire phether either principle was adequate to the purpose both had in view. He (the lecturer) would endeavour to point out a mode more efficacious for the eradication of the evil of intemperance than either \-- remedy which was calculated to go to the root of the evil--anid it wds to he found in that passage which said "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." This, he contendedt, was the only true basis and model ona temperance society; and although there was no rule named as to limits or quantities, yet a principle was laid down embracing the rules of both societies. This was a rele which went above and.be yond all human ordinance, and was founded on the broad principle of the establishment of the kingdom of God in the heart. He laid it down as an unquestion able principle that' every man who was sndeavourieg to do a real good to society deserved praise and coun tenance for his exertion s s far as they went; and on thcsn grounds were the principles and efforts of tem perance and total abatineice societies to bhe approved of, and public gratitudewvas due to them for the mea sureoof their success. The'indiscretion of some of the advocates of total abstinence Ihaving been referred to, tlne rev. Jeeturer edinitied thlnt of the two total absti nenec was the better human modle of reforming the drunkarid, but hlie contenlded that- the drunkenness of n kingdom wiuld inerver be reformed in such a way ; thor refmonatioil could only be 'fliclod by a thorough? understanding of the book of Eceleeintes. Nothing was better than to eat and drink, because other wise a man wnould die ; hut it wa::s added thet a man should make his soul enjoy good. By ithe "good" was not meant surely midnight re vrelry or criminal indulgence of iase uppetites; end a drunkard would not aiteimcit to coy he got drunk for .:e glory of God. .Sill, i! thve wantd to receive good it mus't iomle from the hal. of Godt. and all thint tie recipients did inust be to Ithia glory. The next point urgud by thie Icturer was that while a good principle was to be admitted sa far as i wea found to go, it was right to endeavour to find one with a deeper foundation, a broader basis, a more perfect form of building, and a still higher object-not neeessorily separate from thile advancement of temperance, but temperance connected withl a higher object. Temper unce, sought by itself, would never be csteblished; it must be soughlt with Jesus Chlris ; and there were eminent men now.cengaged in forwarding the abstineace reformation who had adopted this view, and who bo lieved that it was the only basis on which to build. In arguing out this principle as a thorough remedy for the malady with which they had to deal, it was stated. that temperance followed the establishment of righte ousness, and peace, and joy in thile Holy Ghosat, and that tlherefore both societies should aim at the estab. lishling of the kingdom of God. Self-respect was a mighty agent in this reformation, and tohe various modes in which it effeetod a cure or prevented the commission of crime were dwelt upon at length. I?n the next place, desiring to reform the drunkenness of the land, whilst giving an approval to the insulated modes of dealing with the evil, the basis of exertions should be extended until it touched the cirele of the kingdom of God, and not be congned to a nar row worldly sphere. This phase of the quca tion ilaving been fully gone into, the last remedy referred to was that which lay in the perfect enjoy ment of the Christian, which was the greatest incen tire in opposition to the guilty enjoyment of the drunkard. This tile lecturer also illustrated at length, pointing out that to endeavour to make a man moral without pleasure was against the laws of God and of nature. Agood deal might be effected by tempernce in pointing the way to temporary joys, but for these should be substituted indestructible joys. In conclu sion, it was remarked that it was impossible to bring the Word of God too strongly to bear upon the ein of intemperance, as the drunkard was included in the list of those who should not enter the kingdom of God. At the conclusion of the lecture a collection was taken to aid the funds of the Sabbath-school. A rote of thanks to the lecturer was proposed by Mr. W. A.Smith, who spoke in high terms of the ability with which Mr. Craig had treated his subject. Mr. John Macfarlane seconded the motiou ; which the rev.'lecturer acknowledged in suitable terms. The meeting was concluded by singing a portion of a psalm, and pronouncing the benediction. 