NOTICES AND ORDEES OF THE DAY. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Ttntsruv. .Tiiwh 25 URDEBS OP THE DAY:— 1\. Privilege Bill, 1872 '.second reading. 2\. Insolvency and Debtors Bill, 1672: in Com* mittee. 3\. Writs of .Election iiilJ, 1872 : second reading. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, June 25. ? Questions:— 1\. Mr. Krichauff will ask the Commisgioner of frown Lands and immigration (Hon. T. Eeynolds) will the survey party which is employed north of Mannum also resurvey the sections not yet offered in the Hundred of Finniss, situated south of the main road to Mannum, and survey any other land in that neighbourhood suitable for agricultural purposes. 2\. Mr. Conner will ask the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Uavenaftb) is it the intention of the Government to cover in the platform at liiverton for a goods shed, and if not why not. ; 3\. Mr. Cosseb will ask the Attorney-General (Mr. Stevenson)— 'i. Are there any of the landholders resident in South Australia who aie parties to the suit against the Government for the return of their money? 'II. If any, who are they? ; 'm. What has been the cost of the suit to the Government to the present time?' 4\. Air. Krichauff will ask the Treasurer (Mr. Barrow) will the urovernment place any Bum on the Estimates for the year 1873, in accordance with a promise made some years ago, to extend telegraphic communication from Nairne to Callington. : 5\. Mr. Debbington will a*k the Treasurer (Mr. Barrow) under what instructions was Dr. Phillips dispatched to Port Lincoln, and what purpose is proposed to be served other than could have been achieved by a report from the local medical men. GOVEBKMENT BUSINESS: /.NOTICE OF MO TION:— 1\. The Treasurer (Mr. Barrow) to move 'That he have leave to introduce a Bill to amend the Constitution Act ? Government Business: Orders of thi Dai:- ,, * .-: ,v -. ? -': .-. ? ,, ? 1\. Supply: in Committee. - I ' . r. 2\. Marme Board Bill (No. 37): second reading. 3\. Diseases in Stock Bill (No. 45) : in Committee— clause 27. - ' . ? ^; t ?,-.?.:» 4\. Immigration Bill. (No. 27): in Committee - —clause 1. - 5\. Waste Lands Bill (No. 19): in Committee clause 25. .;.... ?:?:?..- ? ' : \ ? 6\. Northern Territory Land Bill (No. 48) : second reading. , -t v t 7\. Real Property Bill (No.'28)i adjourned debate on second reading. ' ' » ~':\\\ '' Government Business : Orders bt thi i Day, (Lapsed prov Thursday, Jront 20, :, owing to Adjournment):— L Electoral Districts Bill (No. 17): in!Com. mittee— clause 1. '''''? '' - -?* j '? 2\. Testamentary Causes Bill (No. 20): in Com mittee— clause 1. '? 7 ?' * Other Business: Ordbbs x-f the? Dai (Lapsed from Friday, June 2L owinc :.?_. to Adjournment) :— ., '.,.. i ...- 3\. Savings Bank Bill (No. 49): second reading. 2\. last -End Market- Bill: in - tommittee dauseL ; ?.?.; J . .. , 3. Licensed Victuallers Bill (No. 22): in Com mittee— clause 16. v ; | . 4\. Days of Grace Bill (No. 39) : second reading. 5\. Payment on Holidays Bill (No. 40): aecom readrog. . - . - ? . -.* . 6. -Lightg in Vehicles Bill (No. 47): comidera tion of report of Committee of whole House. WEDNESDAY, JUNK 26. 5 Notice op M otion for Printing Paper ?— '''' ? 1. Mr. Carr to move — t 'That Petition No. 104, presented on 19th' Jane, from the South Australian Total Abstinence So cietr, be printed.' . ? Notices of Motion:— 2\. Mr. TowNSENDtomove— * 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion— 'lhat it la desirable to supplement by an equal amount any sum raised by private subscrip tion for establishing an asylum for blind and idiotic peraoni.1' .-* 3\. Mr. Carr to move— 'That when tenders are to be received for the conveyance of the South-Eastern mails for the next term of years, alternative tenders for theii conveyance via Clarendon. Ball's Creek; Goolfa, and the Cwroog should be inrited.' 4\. Mr. Conner to move— | ' That the House resolve itself into a Committee I the whole for the purpose of considering the notion— 'That it is expedient to place an inspec iou fee of not exceeding fourpence per head on U sheep crossing from New South Wales into his colony, and an inspection fee of not exceeding wo BhiUings per head on all horned cattle crossing rom New South Wales into this colony.' ' 5\. Mr. Carr to move— 'That a return be laid on the table of this louse, showing the number of miles unmade of he Main Bull s Creek-road, and the estimated ost of completion of construction thereof to 5oolwa.' 6\. Mr. Carr to move— 'That a return be laid on the table of this louse, showing the estimated cost of comoleting he works in the Hundred of Hindmareh and Agricultural Areas of Mount Muirhead and ttayurra, as recommended by Select Committee on k-uth-£astem Drainage Works.' 7\. Mr. Carr to move— ' That the House resolve itself into a Committee )1 the whole for the purpose of considering the notion— 'That it is desirable that the public should be enabled by vote to limit the number of jublicans' licences to be issued in corporate towns ind diBtricts.'' Orders of the Day :— 1\. Mr. Krichaupf to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee )f the whole for the purpose of considering the motion— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency bo cause a sum to be placed on the Supplementary Estimates for the year 1872, to an extent not ex seeding £1,500, for the purpose of completing the Eastem-road.' ' 2\. Mr. Eiddoch to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Com mittee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion—' That an address be presented to Bis Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £150 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 1S73 for the purpose of supplementing a like amount to be raised by the inhabitants of Kingston and the vicinity, the whole to be expended upon the erection of an institute in that township.' ' 3\. Mr. Ward to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the resolutions— ' h That it is desirable to make provision for the issue of Treasury notes, payable one year after date, and bearing interest at the rate of 2} pel cent, per annum. 'n. That an address be presented to His Ex cellency the Governor, transmitting a copy of the foregoing resolution, and praying His Excellency to recommend the House to make provision by Bill for carrying out the said resolution.' 4\. Mr. Ward to move— 'That in order to simplify legislation in this province, and to render the laws thereof more easily understood, it is desirable that in all Bills to amend existing Statutes to be hereafter introduced, unless extraordinary difficulties intervene, all then exist ing Acts referring to the Bubject of such proposed rjnending Act should be repealed, and the whole law on such subject re-enacted in its amended form in one Act,' 5\. Trans-Australian Railway Bill (No. 32): ad journed debate on second reading. - To which Mr. Townsend has made an amend llcub UJ Siriiic ctuli uun, nitu a vigit »u auu to the motion ' this day six months.' Question— That the word proposed to be struct rat stand part of the question. 6\. Further consideration in Committee of motioa )f Mr. Derbington— ' That an address be presented to His Excellency ihe Governor, praying HiB Excellency to cause a mm not exceeding £15,000 to be placed on any Supplementary Estimates for the year 1872, for the purpose of completing the road from Mount Sambier to Penola, and making the worst portions if the road between Penola and NarracoMte.' 7\. Mr. Carr to move— ' That a return be laid on the table of this House showing estimated cost of removal of obstructions to the navigation of the Cooroug so far as to enable a steamer of not more than 1 foot 3 inches iraught to pass to and from Goolwa and the Salt Ureek. . = . Thursday, June 27. Government Business: Orders of the Day:— 1\. Destitute Bill (No. 42): second reading. 2\. Pastoral Lessees Bill (No. 29) : second reading. 3\. Scrub Lands Bill (No. 21): in Committee— clause 2. Friday, June 28. Notice of Motion— 1\. Mr. Conner to move— ' That in the opinion of this House no question involving the expenditure of public money should be brought before the House, unless the same has been previously brought under the consideration of the Executive.'. Orders of the Day:— 1\. Further consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Kogers— ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum fiot exceeding £50,000 to be be placed on any Supplementary Estimates for the year 1872, for the purpose of coastructing and maintaining the main roads of the province.' To which Mr. Angas has moved an amend ment— 'To strike out ' and maintaining.' ' Question— That the words proposed to be struck out stano. pare oi me question. 2\. Mr. Bouoadt to move— 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion—* That an address be presented to His Ex cellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £100 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 1873. for the purpose of grouting a bonus for the first fifty tons of rope and cordage manufactured in this colony.'' Tuesday, July 2. Government Business: Order of the Dat: 1\. Intestate Estates Bill (No. 50) : second reading. Wednesday, July 3. Ordebs of the Day:— 1\. Further consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. Wabd— ' That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £500 to be placed on the Esti mates for the rear 1S73. for the purpose of con structing a jetty at Port Broughton, and a dam on the road thereto from the Broughton Agricultural Area, as prayed for by petition presented on 17th April, and also for clearing the road to that port.' , 2. Mr. Ward to move— 'I. That in the opinion of this House, the erection of a bridge over the Biver Murray, at the place called Edwards's. would cot dispense with the necessity for maintaining a punt, or some other means of crossing the river at Wellington or Mason's. ' n. That inasmuch as stock travelling from Vic toria or the South-Eastern District cannot cross the desert in a direct line to Edwards' s, but must necessarily come dona the Cooroug and to Wellington: and inasmuch as the country be tween Wellington and Edwaids's, and' also for many miles on the Adelaide side of Edwards's. is difficult for stock to travel upon, and the detour would considerably increase the distance to be travelled to reach Adelaide, whereas, on the con* trary, from Wellington to Adelaide two good roads and all necessary facilities already exist the pro bability is that by far the greater proportion of the stock so travelling would still croas at Welling ton, and that the traffic at Edwards's would there fore be comparatively trifling. 'in. That, in view of these facts, it is the opinion of this House that it would be unwise to incur the large expenditure that would be involved in the erection of a bridge at Edwards's until the deficit in the Treasury has been satisfactorily provided for, and the more urgent requirements of the districts already settled have been supplied.' Tuesday. July 9. Government liusiNESs: obder of the ? Day: 1\. Main Koads Bill (Ne. 35) : adjourned debate j on second reading. . ; v To which Mr. Solomon has moved an amend ment—To strike out ' now' with a view to add to the motion— 'this day sixmocths.' ''. ' '. , Question— That the word proposed to be struck out stand part of the Question. : Wednesday, July 10. .; L MriBUNDEYtomove— ' ' 'That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the motaon— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, prayug His Excellency to cause a sum not exceeding £1,100 to be placed on the Estimates for the year 1873, for the purpose of roaking about two miles of road on the main line from Adelaide to Bal hannah.'' Order of the Day:— 1\. The Hod. A. Blyth to move— 'Thatthe House rewlve itself into a Cohunittw of the whole for the purpose of considering the motion— 'That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor, praying His Excellency to cause a sura not exceeding £1,100 to be placed on any Supplementary Estimates for the year 1872, for the purpose of completing the construction .of the main line of toad between Palmer and MaDnum.' M Contingent Notices or Motion:— 1\. Mr. Mann (contingent on the consideration of Land Bill in Committee) to move Clause 35. Strike out 'evidence to his satisfac tion that the selector,' and insert 'documentary evidence which such selector shall consider neces sary (such documentary evidence to consist of a statement or statements in writing signed by the selector or any person desiring to testify to any facts on his behalf, and declared to be true before some OEe cf tbe persons authorized to take decla rations under this Act) that he.' 'Clause 39,-Line 13, strike out ? one' and insert 2\. Mr. PKAROS (contingent on the consideration -i the Waste Lands Bill (No. 19) in Committee) o move— 'In clause 39, to strike out all the words after pay be' in line 24. with tbe view of inserting ' ne following :— ' ofl'ered in blocks of from one ;nouBand to three thousand acres each on lease tor year8 at an annuai rental of not less than amepence per acre.' ' A^ur^? (contingent on the consideration ?«m.I ™ te kmds Bill in Committee) to move ?«w;Lln¥rt'on 0{ word8 in Bixth schedule of ?tt«5!UA» tree8' *« the worda nM&2!nR rt'ngent on the consideration ?? ThaTfhf ffl?owin*\ia Com^'ee) to move mat tne toilowing c auae be inserted :-' The Governor, with the advice and consent of thn Executive Council, may from tlSeStSSS appoint one or more land othcere, and one or more land offices for the purpose of receiving appUcilionJ in retp:ctoi the occupation of lands, and pay meats on account thereof: and no Buch land officer shall directly or indirectly become the selector or pur chaser of any Crown lands within the district to which he haB been appointed.' ' tw 5\. Mr. Angas (contingent on the consideration ^^ of the Waste Lands Bill (No. 19) in Committee) to move— 'That a clause be inserted to the following effect :— ' That prior to the Burvey of any lands to be dealt with under this Act, the localities comprising such lands shall be declared as hundreds, in accordance with Act No. G of 1861.' M 6\. Mr. Conner (contingent on the 'consideration of the Waste Lands Bill in Committee) to move— 'That the following new clause be inserted:— 'For the purpose of valuing the improvements effected under the provisions of this Act, one arbitiator shall be appointed by the selector or other person acting on his behalf, and another arbitrator shall be appointed by the Government; ani1 the two arbitrators bo appointed shall, by writing under their hands, nominate and appoint a third arbitrator. Such three arbitrators or any two of them shall make their valuatiou in writing, and the amount of such valuation, after deducting the cost of the same, shall be payable and paid to the said selector or other person acting on bis behalf by the person respecting such land; and if for the space of 14 days after delivery of such notice of any Buch appointment by either the Government or the selector or other person acting on his behalf, the party to whom Buch notice of appointment has been delivered fail to appoint aa arbitrator, the arbitrator appointed by the party giving such notice may proceed to nidke such valuations alone expartc, and such valuatious shall have the same force and elfect as if made by arbitrators for both parties.' ' 7\. Sir. Bright (contingent on the motion that the Waste Lands Bill be reported), to move— 'That clause 15 be reconsidered, and that all the wordB after ' as tbe case may be* in the tenth line be struck out, and the following words inserted; — 'and such payment shall be the deposit or first instalment ot the purchase-money, provided always that in the case of reclaimed lands the selector shall also pay a further Bum of 10 per cent, on the estimated cost of reclaiming such land, ana a like sum of 10 per cent, at the end of the third and sixth years respectively.' ' 8 Mr. Bright (contingent on the consideration )i me waste .Lanas urn in uommmee) to move— 'New clause, to follow clause 16— 'On each day ixed for receiving applications for purchase of and, immediately after they have been opened, he clerk shall make out a list of all sections for which more than one application has been made: ind shall then fix a time, not later than 2 o'clock )nthe same day, when the limited auction between ;he competing applicants, as provided for in clause 16, shall take place in the Land Office. 9\. Mr. Watts (contingent on the House going in Committee on the Bill to enable the. holders of certain leases to come under the provisions o£ the 'Waste Lands Amendment and Procedure Act of 1869-70') to move the insertion of the following clause:— 'The Governor may, by proclamation in the South Australian Government Gazette, declare that the Hundred of Kidley Bhall cease to be a hundred; and thereupon the waste lands comnrised therein may be dealt with in all respects in like manner as other waste lands not within hundreds/* 10\. Mr, Ward (contingent on the Port Augusta and Port Darwin Railway Bill being read a second time) to move— 'That the Bill be referred to a Select Com* mittee.' 11\. Mr. Krichauff (contingent on the con sideration of the Scrub and Inferior Lands fiiu\ 1672) to move— 'That the following be added ft- clause 3:— 'And such notice shall describe the looality and acreage, and with all practical piecision, whether fit for cultivation or for depasturing only, and state the rent at which each block of laud will be let; and such rent shall be fixed by the Coinmissiouer of Crown Lands, according to the best estimate he is able to form by examination or report of the Surveyor- General, of tbe fair annual value of the land, at from Id. to 3d. per acre.' ' 'Strike out 'at any period during or' in the ninth and tenth lines or second page, and insert after tbe word ' term' in the tenth line ' or after the expiration of five years.' 'Strike out 'threepence' in the fourteenth line, nafffi 2. ana inRflrfc *nna nennir ♦ ' 12\. Hon. A. J3LTTH (contingent on the consiae ation of the Electoral Districts Bill in Committee) o move— ' The insertion of a new clause, as follows, clause \, to follow clause 6:— 'No plumping. — Every lector shall record his vote for the number of nembers required to be elected, and any voting* rnper not in accordance with this clause shall be :onsidered as informal, and rejected as such.' ' 13\. Mr. Bright (contingent on consideration in ?ommitte of the schedules of the Electoral Dis nets Bill) to move— 'In No. 6. Yatala.— That the centre of the ?awler Biver continue to be the north and western joundary of tbe District of Yatala, as at present, Tith the exception of Gawler South and Gawler (Vest 'In Nos. 14 and 15. That eastern boundaries of hese districts where abutting on the present Electoral District of Stanley remain unaltered. 'In No. 19. Stanley to include whole of the bounty of Stanley, with the exception of the Bundreds of Gojder. Stow, Hall, and Upper SVakefield, together with the Hundreds of Kedhill, Barunga, Cameron, and the County of Victoria. 'In No. 20. Gawler.-The County of Gawler, together with the Hundreds of Goyder, Stow, Hall, md Upper Wakefield.' Adelaide to London Telegraph. —The fol lowing is the weather report on tho Port Darwin Ine for Saturday:— Beltana— S.E., light, fine. Strangwavs Springs— N., fine, cloudy. Peake— W., dear, fine. Charlotte Waters— S.W., light, cloudy, Alice Springs— N.E., light, fine, clear. Barrow s Creek— Calm, fine. Tennant's Creek — Calm, very fine. Attractions of the Derby. — We may fairly aunume that ninety out of a hundrtd attendants on Epsom Downs have no serious pecuniary interest, that they only know a horse ai a four-legged animal generally forming part of a cab, and consequently that the mere sight of twenty such animals pallop'iBg for two or three minutes is not very exhilarating. Yet for this, at any rate, ostent ible reason they undergo a day of pushing and squeezing in railways and carriages they are assailed by all manner of predatory humans, they stand for hours in rain, wind, and dust, and a large minority find their only inteUi gible pleasure in getting druqk. That, however, they might do at home, and it is not the motive of ladies or of m»»nv other persons who expose them selves to the inflictions of the day. I can under stand the pleasure of a prize-fight or a bull-fight; 1 can believe that a ckdiatorial show, when you had suppressed all humane feeling, must have been one of the most absorbing, if one of the most boii ible. of amusements. I can even unnrp.r.iAtp nougn l nave never shared, the pleasure of going x- tee a man hanged, or still more of seeing martyrs burnt. In all thtse there is a real spectacle of human suffering, and, when they are properly managed, of human heroism, which may properly affect our bjmpathies. Athletic sports di all kinds are worth seeing when we understand anything about them, aa they possess something L cf the same interest without the counterbaknciuK honors; but to see horses pass 5*ou like a flash, of liahtning cive* to the mass of the crowd no pleasure that would net come equally from witnessing the throwing of dice or the drawing of a lotteiy. It is meiely a question of whether a red or a blue jacket is first at a certain post. And, to be short, in accordance wiih the celebrated precedent of Artenms Ward, 1 treat the euquiry into the causes of this strange pleasure as a conundrum, and give it up.— Front Vacation, in the Corn hit I Magazine. 'Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Partinjrton?' was asked of the old lady, somewhat timidly. 'To be sure I do.' replied she, 'a* much asjl believe that bright fulminary there will rise in the yeaet to-morrow morning if we live and cothiDg happens. Two apprehensions have Bar taiuly appeared m our family. Wbv. I saw my dear Paul a fortnight before he died jest as plain as 1 see you now. and it turned afterwards to be a rose-bush, with a nightcap on it; and I shall always think, to the day of ray desolation,1 that it wasaforerunnersenttoine. T'other onecauieinthe night when we weie asleep, and carried away three candles »nd a pint of spirits that we kept in the nouBe for embarkation. Believe in ghosts, indeed? I guess I do, and he must be a dreadful styptic as doesn't.*' 