REPAIRS NEEDED. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, I SIR-I was much struck with the following pithy remarks in the letter of your Sydney correspondent, which appeared in your impress of yesterday (Wednesday) : " To have no changes in our laws for a term of years would be a fortunate thing if they had all been framed with the wisdom of Solon. But as it is, they are of such a threadbare texture, that they get worn into holes in a few years, and stand sadly in need of repairs." This is very true and very just, and applies equally to the statutes of this colony. After reading those which are the production of colonial brains, and are not mere transcripts from the English Statutes, I fear one cannot lay the volumes down and say, " A Solon, a Solon ;" one would be much more likely to say "Con- worse confounded," and that repairs are sadly needed. Permit me to trespass on your space to some extent while I endeavour to show a very serious mistake in the statutes of this colony, and a mistake which materially affects two by no means insignificant sections of the community those who are seized of freehold estates in lands in this country, and foreigners, designated in legal phraseology " aliens." In 1862 was passed the first Land Act (25 Vict., No. 146). By the 10th section of that act it is enacted that " when Her Majesty has become, or may hereafter become entitled to any lands either by escheat for want of heirs, or by reason of any forfeiture, or by reason that the same had been purchased by or for the use of or in trust for any alien or aliens," &c.; In 1865, an Amending Land Act appeared, which, however, left this 10th section untouched. In 1854, an Act, 27 Vic, No. 230, was passed, entitled " An Act to make an devised Real Estate distributable amongst next of kin," etc. (This Act was unnoticed by the Amending Land Act of 1865 ) By the I 4th section of this Intestates Statute, the Su I preme Court may, on the death of any person intestate, who was the owner of any freehold land, "a, grant a rule on the application of any person interested in the estate, or of any creditor of the deceased, that such land shall be dealt with as if it had been held for a term of years that is to say, that such land is to be sold, and the proceeds to be applied to the payment of debts, and the residue to be divided amongst the next of kin. This statute was passed, I believe, under the auspices of Mr. Higinbotham, who was impelled by the laudable desire to prevent the possibility of an hen unjustly acquiring great wealth, whilst his brothers and sisters might be rendered absolutely destitute through the negligence and forgetfulness of their father. After this sta tute it is hardly possible that a case of escheat for want of heirs will ever occur in fact, it may be set down as an impossibility. In 1865, in June was passed the Alien Act, which enacts that every alien friend resident in Victoria may inherit or otherwise take by representation, acquire and hold, of, every description of property (both real and per- sonal)" just as a natural-born subject This excellent legislation has been followed lately in England (soon 33 Vict c. 14). Since this statute, then, no case of escheat of lands can ever occur, by reason that the same had been purchased by or for the use of or in trust for any alien or aliens." Consequently these two statutes, the Alien Act and the Intestates' Act virtually make nugatory the 10th section of the Land Act of 1862, So far, so good. But now cometh the hitch. In 1869 a new Land Act was passed (No. 360) repealing the first Land Act and the Amending Land Act ; but, lo and behold, in the very face of the Alien and Intestates Acts, the 10th section of the old Land Act re appears as the 10th section of the new Land Act. Now, either this section is nugatory, and ought not to occupy valuable space, or ii repeals by implication the Alien Act and the Intestates Act How does the law stand '. There seems to be a muddle somewhere. I ask for information. To me it appears that the gentleman who drew up the new Land Act had before him a copy of the old act which was to be repealed that he copied the 10th section verbatim from the old to the new statute, and that he was utterly ignorant of the existence of the two other statutes, the Alien Act and the other act. But, then, ] cannot understand how this blunder escaped detection in the Houses. - When I landed in this country, I was advised to make myself thoroughly acquainted with the statutes. I have read them through accordingly, and I have invariably found that the only intelligible parts were those which were transcribed from the English statutes Wherever the colonial legislator has attempted to draw up a statute out of his own fertile brain, or has taken into his head totouchup-thi transcripts from the English statutes, he has invariably failed. However, I will not raise this ghost I content myself with the fact I have already stated, trusting that some kindly-disposed person will explain the difficulty, and that, if it prove inexplicable, it will meet with due consideration during 'the ensuing session, Yours, etc, INQUIRER. I 