THE THEATRE ROYAL FIRE BELIEF FUND CRICKET MATCH. Saturday, 23rd March. The promoters of the match between two elevens of the Theatre Royal, on the Mel bourne ground, in their work-a day costumes, had, it may be presumed, little thought of the great success which was to follow a happy idea happily carried out. The pavilion was turned for the nonce into a Richardson's booth. A visitor might fancy himself behind the scenes of a theatre, or among a company of strolling players. Such they were in fact. The actors took just the game pains in making up as they would have done had they been going on the stage. Sitting upon the edge of a deal table, and looking anxiously out of a window to see how the amphitheatre filled, was the manager, got up for Paul Pry, with the inevitable broad brim * and pigtail, and the green umbrella tucked, as by force of habit, under his arm. Dispersed about the greenroom might be seen the good humored 'Asa boy;' Rascal Jack, in a sky blue satin jacket ; that cadaverous raven, the Apothecary ; the jolly tar, Long Tom Coffin ; Rob Roy McGregor in his tartan ; the Wolf, a ferocious looking card in broadbriramed hat and flowing red cloak ; snaky Mr. Michael Feeney; the ghostly Pierrot, with his hanging sleeves; and a number of others. The two little bunks of dressing-rooms are filled too. Here is a solemn gentleman disinterring from a trunk the spangled tights of Harlequin, with which he is about to invest himself ; while a party by the Name of Johnson is standing before 'a bit of looking-glass, with his face awry, and patting a fragment of whisker upon his cheek ; the which being done, he claps on sideways a battered white hat, and draws back a step to contemplate the effect — a highly satisfactory one apparently. Before another scrap of looking-glass there is the Wolf back again, in order to give another tinge of vermillion to his countenance, which he does by rubbing his finger in some red powder dropped on the floor for general convenience. The Clown of the Christmas pantomime is just ready, look ing rather ghastly by daylight, and practising a grin to the full approval of Pantaloon, who is smoking a pipe. The bell rings, and all the motleys crowd to the door, out oi whieh they filebefore the people, who cheer each favorite as he emerges. It was just like the stage in front of a fair booth, as Paul Pry stood in the centre, with Cassio, Lord Dun dreary, Handy Andy, Captain Rolando, the rouoeman, Liaunceiot Uoddo, VJlauae Melnotte, and all the rest around. The bell rang, the overture was played, and amidst its strains out marched one of the elevens, followed by immense applause and laughter, to take the field. The only absentees were the darkies 'who were put down as the Blooming Morning Glories. Salamander Sam fell sick, and the other Glory was too1 modest to come without his mate. Substitutes were provided for them in the persons of Claude Melnotte and the Bobby. The players did look strange as they spread over the gieen in the sunshine. The game was, of course, marked by innumerable incidents, and the hanky-panky which was kept up proved highly amusing. The prompter's bell having rung, and the curtain having risen on the first act, we will give the cast of the eleven which first took the field. Firstly trooped from the pavilion, linked by the inseparable tie which binds them in the dark scene, clown (Mr. G. Leo pold), Harlequin (Mr. H. Leopold), and pan taloon (Mr. Sefton). They all have their war paint on, and even in the bright glancing sun light make a very effective picture from the pavilion. There is the usual bit of business in front of the gate, and then Mike Feeney (Mr. Milne) with menacing scowl passes on to his place in the field ; follows next with martial tread, arms folded, and dressed well enough to take the prize at the next St. Andrew's show, Rob Roy (Mr. R. W. Law rence). Linked together in the bonds of amity are a Party of the Name of Johnson (Greville), and Shakspeare's pallid-faced Apothecary (Mr. G. W. Collier), followed closely by rollicking, roaring Handy Andy (Mr. M. Forde), the rear being brought up by the orthodox Policeman X (Mr. Lester), with an evidently keen desire to take everybody in charge who is at all uproarious, la a line with him walk the truculent Wolf from The Flowers of the Forest, and soldierly Claude Melnotte (Mr. N. Douglass) a long time after his return from the wars. Gaunt Apothecary is the eaptain, and and he gets his men in lines of so many deep, taking the ball himself, the holders of the bat being Launcelot Gobbo (Mr. J. Forde), and' Long Tom (Mr. Rigby). Both of then* are eager,, anxious, and determined. The umpire gives the word to be off, and off it is with a vengeance.. The two first men make a long — a remarkably long stand. They are together by the clock exactly three minutes ; but what matters it ? Much to their own surprise they have scored nine, the Apothe cary ''having bowled two straight balls (greatly to everybody's astonishment), he displaced two men of whom much was ex pected. Pierrot (Mr. Grist) comes along next, but despite his antics is soon dismissed ignominiously, Cassio having been his visa vis, and showing that during his retirement in the Isle of Cyprus he picked up a few cricketing crumbs from Montano and the mad dogs of tbat sort, despite the severe gash treacherous Iago dealt his leg. There is a buzz of expectation as Pierrot gets his notice to quit, foe emerging from the pavilion is seen the familiar figure of our old, old friend Paul Pry (Mr. Coppin). *' I hope I don't intrude,' he cries, and poking his umbrella nearly into the umpire's eye. Being assured that he does not, be proceeds to deposit his umbrella on the bowler's crease, to survey the wickets with bis eye-glass, and to take a severe guard with the wrong side of his bat. It being pointed out to Paul that the bowling is at his end, he retires, with an asseveration that he knew he was intruding ; and Cassio hits the last ball of Handy Andy's over for one. Well, Cassio, getting a £Un, made Paul gallop with fantastic strides to the other wickets, when he was at once confronted by Handy's twinkling eye. ' I've got yes ray b'hoy,' he says to himself, ' and shure I'll pay ye back for making tbe public laugh more than ivir oi could do.' And got him he had, sure enough ; gently through the air sped the ball, lighting at the very feet of the batsman about six inches to the leg. An unruly tuft of grass was in the way. Pry's bat was as straight as his umbrella, and an ominous sound was heard, which made him mutter, ' I thought I was intruding, after all ;' and, amidst regrets on all hands, Pry retired. That Rascal Jack (Mr. Dunn) now appears on the scene, and, of course, is hilariouslv greeted by the crowd. Jack means business, and despite the fact of his being almost an octo genarian, shows a clean pair of heel3 between the wickets, and as Cassio is soon afterwards despatched by the Apothecary, Enoch Arden, The shipwrecked sailor waiting for a sail, looking particularly fret-h and not a bit as if he had done a Rip Van Winklist twenty years outside the Catskills, comes with a flourish nf hnclftH. »nrl a nrArlp.rArminatmn tn give the Mantuan dealer in deleterious drugs and »he Irish jug breaker a bit of his mind. He set about doing it in a most decided manner, hitting to the right and to tbe left in such a vigorous style that the unfortunate Rascal was soon at bellows to mend, and shortly afterwards retired to the pavilion with a four to his name About this time Panta loon was discovered wandering wearily, with glazed eye fixed on tbe clock, towards tbe pavilion, and it became evident, with his usual astuteness, tbat he desired to sneak off the ground fora drink. On tbe other s;de of tbe field Policeman X was ascertained to be making a nefarious attempt to get into conversation with a buxom cook of some thirty-five summers. The stern voice of their captain recalled them to their respective duties, and, with a regretful look, tbe Panta loon brushed a fly off his nose, heaved a deep sigh, and wept bitterly — having concealed in his pocket a convenient onion. Meanwhile the Skimmer of the Seas was making tbe ball feel very sore about the seams, and test ing IVike Feeney's power of vindictive eti durance, his efforts being seconded by those of Pierrot (Mr. K. Douglass). Just as the runs were coming fast and thick, an incident happened which calls for record. The French clown hit a ball high up to short leg, which a Party by tbe Name of Johnson, with the astuteness which carried him safely through the dangers of the Lancashire Lass, essayed to catch with his hat. Let all cricketers take note of the fact. The hat was a stage hat, and of ilimsy material. As a natural conse quence, when the ball came down with a whack, and, like the invisible coin of Heller, passeu inrougo tne roor on to tne ground, there was a great yell of laughter, and poor Johnson looked as if he could have eaten the whole field, Rob Roy and all. This worthy's stalwart limbs had been poised in picturesque attitude all through the match, just opposite the pavilion. There they remained — exposed to the full fury of the mild blast which blew from the north-west. Why should we dilate on this innings, except to tell how Olown and Pantaloon — the bowling being all the time quite up to the mark of what was expected — took a spell, and how the latter felled the timbers of Lord Dundreary (Mr. Stewart), who was made up as if he had just stepped from a band- box, and, who in an incongruous field looked as incongruous as any one in it. Unfortunately he forgot to bring his brother Sam with him — otherwise if he had done so the result might have been different. As it was he only scored a unit. But he was not satisfied with this ; he positively went to expostulate with Joey, and could only be removed trom the field, first by the expostu lations and at last the peremptory commands, of Policeman X. The last representative of the team was the melancholy Rolando (Mr. Appleton), who, having foregone his con clusions with regard to women, has taken to cricket as a Jast resource. He is about as great as the rest in this direction — more power to him. For further particulars of this innings see score. When the next lot were got together they scattered round the Merchant of Venice, as represented by Bassanio and Launcelot Gobbo Paul Pry was placed at short leg, where he took up his position with that celebrated umbrella, ready ;to do or die. Lord Dun dreary played nowhere in particular, and near the fence generally. The Shipwrecked Sailor was very happy at mid-on on one side, and at somewnere on the other — where, we really could not define ; as we have said, the rest scattered. The play was of the brilliant character expected from the winning team. Everybody was in the place where be wasn't wanted, and everybody else was in everybody else's way. It was a glorious scene. Such a scene as the ghost of Pinch or Fuller must perforce have delighted in. Cricket here was played for the first time as it should be nlavad. Subjoined is the siore : — BASSANIO'S SIDE. Launcelot Gobbo, b The Apothecary... 5 Long Tom Coffin, b The Apothecary... 4 Randall M'Gregor, run out ... ... 2 Bassanio, b The Apothecary ? 6 Paul Pry, b Handy Andy ? 0 That Rascal Jack, b Handy Andy ... 4 Enoch Arden, b Handy Andy ? 24 Pierrot, run out... ? ,. 14 Lord Dundreary, h Pantaloon ? 1 Asa Trenchard, run out ? 12 Rolando, not out .. ? 5 No balls ? 3 Total ? 80 THE APOTHECAHV'S SIDE. Clown, b Launcelot G»bbo ? 0 Pantaloon, b Launcelot Gobbo ... 0 Harlequin, b Launcelot Gobbo ... 0 Handy Andy, b Launcelot Gobbo ... 3 Claud Melnotte, c and b Bassanio .. 2 A Party by the name of Johnson, b Launcelot Gobbo ? 7 Michael Feeney, run ont ? 0 Policeman X, b BasBanio ... ,j# 3 The Wolf, not out ? 6 Rob Roy, b Bassanio ? * 0 The Apothecary, b Lord Dundreary ... 6 Byes, 3; no ball, 1 ... ... 4 Total ? T& —Illustrated Adelaide Post. 