THE. SlJP^isTiTIOTJS HABITS OP THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter from the Bev. BL Fuller, missionary at Fraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, placed all the disposal of the Brisbane Courier, gives an interesting account of some ' native prejudices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look, upon her son in-law at any time ; they believe that if she did he would .go mad, and would go and lire in the bush like a wild man. . ConsEquently, when they all come; together to sing at school-time, after hairier t.n.no'ht. in t.h« ri\xsBt-a t.Tiprp id OTPftt coveting of heads foy the women who happen to have thejLr sons-in-law there, and you will see them 'backing' into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in,; his blanket, or otherwise hide himself .from his mother's gaze. The young-man will not sit down on the same stool or -box, or, in fact, anywher^ where a young; woman has been sitting at anytime.. and die. So that we have tti have one 'form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentle men. The shadow of young women must not pSbb over the sleeping-places of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their, moaths tow&Tds; the sun, in order to make the sun go under quipkly, and : 'thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in/ the channel, near the mission, and enalble :' them to . get , on' board tobacco, biscuits, &c.;, which ^the captains gene rally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to bis own tribe, and the iC mother'* tribe. f?.; As a rule the natives will, not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a deflnite reason why I^wy will not eat it.' It seems cuBtom handed down to them by their ' forefathers, and Uke nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the caie, &c; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are 'plenty in this Island, and that they Joan be seen at oertain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe; that there is a devil (mellong), but ftheyhave no idea of a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact -with Europeans, I may .just say :— That on this island, whioh is about 85 miles long by 12 broad, there ate, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are nor less than. .19 ^distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease; introduced ameng them by -ungodly white peoplW, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many iastances, is almost obliterated.' And like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a (last resource. And as regards chiefs, that tide has almost died out, the strongest man or the greatest bully, ' takes upon himself' to be No. ? L Although the aborigines were not -in the ' habit of - 'smoking before ' the arrival ' of the white man, ? yet how, -: since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are | great smokers — men, women, and children. They are cannibals ; they eat the yoaog men ! when they 4ie, and the young women, if .they are fat; , But cannibalism is not «o prevalent among th6m now as. it vas : before the white'' man came.; When a person dies they skin him (old men and ? women accepted) ; the skin is i dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the 'kinsfolk. Sometimes, they burn the body,, and carry the ashes abouK ' They believe that . the spirits of the. dead blacks come up and sometimes kill ! their enemies. . They generally shift their camp \ when one dies among them. We have a native ! doctor, here, who, they positively assert, has I extracted rope, stones,' pieces of glass, &c;, I from natives that were sick ; they also affirm : that lie can fly up like a bird, and that he can \ go in the earth here and come out again at slime' considerable Bistance off, they also 'say thai' they cannot -kill him, and that he will never die, - '?;?..., = 