THE H1DBLEB. NEW PROBLEMS. DlSTRiTinTEm Oitatiatvp. No. 4. 1,642. Four lines will be published each 'week till the whole appears. The answers 'will be published in the order they are received ? ? 'When on the battlements Bernardo stood, Had the pale ghost without my first appeared, The warrior might have reasonably feared, It's coming indicated nothing good. Let 'the great globe itself' in twain bo rent, Then at its centre will be seen my sttond ' Round as the full-orbed moon.' My third is reckoned To just two score and ten equivalent. ' Spirits of health,' like whisky, gin, and rum, Aie ' bottle imps' when in their prison bound. Take one of these. My last it will be found , 'Will change him in an instant to a drum. 1.658. Charade, by Fred Forrester.— As the gods are depicted, By artists addicted To illustrate heathen mythology, There is one with a lyre ? 'Whese too partial attire Is but really a tiresome Apol(l)ogy. But as now I've begun Pray excuse this vile pun, And among the nude myths please be searchin'. With the playful young imps You may catch a brief glimpse Of my first with an artful young urchin. If far north you should steer, Then my_ last you may hear, : As the stars in their splendour are fining - Should you happen to stay At a ' bull-puncher's' dray, When the twilight is slowly decliniBg. But if now you put in Just a vowel between My two terminal letters so kindly, Then my last you may greet In an Adelaide street, Either Bundle, King William, or Hindley. Now my ic hole may be seen, In a cheap magazine, Which can boast of a large circulation, Among young men and lasses, And most working classes, Composing the bulk of the nation, 1.659. Numbered Charade, by Rover.— My 6 2 6 is a recluse, 6 5 1 5 3 may be defined as 'belonging to ships,' 4 5 6 is a vessel for holding water, 4 5 6 5 3 is con structed to hold water and vessels also. My whole is the name of a celebrated forger, who was banished from home by bis amiable paternal relative. 1.660. Transposition, by O. O. E.— I am a newspaper. Transposed I am printed in it. Transpose me again and again and again, and I am successively fond of cheese, what a cannon does to smoke, and what a father does to his unruly child. 1.661. Acrostic, by H. W. Strangways.— 1 a beverage, 2 a fruit, 3 recompense, 4 a small shield, 5 a flag, 6 a shallow pond, 7 an alliance, 8 to enlighten, 9 to constrain or gratify, 10 a number. Each word contains the same number of letters. The initials read downwards give the name of a post town in South Australia. 1.662. Transposition, byH. Gardner. — SIGNATURE TO SARAH U LISTER. 1.663. Arithmetical, by John Pryor. — Divide 200 into four parts, such that the first plus 4, the second minus 4, the third multiplied by 4, and the fourth divided by 4 will be equal. 1.664. Arithmetical, by Zero.— Divide 340 into four whole numbers so that the first plus 2, the second minus 3, the third divided by 4, and the fourth multiplied by 5, shall be to each other as 2, 3, 4, and 5 respectively. 1.665. Geometrical, by J. E. M.— A globe whose diameter is = 1, being placed in the corner of a right-angled box, so as to touch the bottom and two adjacent sides, what is the diameter of the largest globe which can stand between the corner and the firstmen tioned globe? All correct answers to the above received before Tuesday, August 6, will be acknow ledged in 'The Biddler' of August 10. Reference to each by number will be suffi» cient. 