AN ACCOMPLISHED BOGUE ! (From tho London Tclcgrajrfi.) TiiEitE bo Innd-ratB and wntor-rnts, walor-lhiovcs nud land-tbiovea ;" but what monoy-londor, pirate, or nieuvro ovor got his slimy clnws so thoroughly^ round his victim ns did tho a»-callcd Comto do Nntnl in dool- ing with a plaiu and honest Scotchman or tho immo ot Grant ? It ia a great pity that in speaking ot ono ot tho most accomplished swiudlora who havo cropped up in modern limos, wo havo lo throw doubt on tho authen- ticity of bia nnmo. Wo should proferto know bim ns llio_ Córalo do Natal ; but tba Présidant of tho Court «Inch tried this gentleman moro than hinted flint tho prisoner «ns au Euglishuinu. His English wns very good, whereas his French was obviously defectivo ; but it waa ns a Frenchman, and ono of tho foremost of Fronchmon, that ho appealed to Mr. M'Tnggart Grunt, who, despite his nanio, ia described aa an English mer- chant^ Tho Count made tho ncnuniulnuco ot tho mer- chant ia tho winter of 1870, nud represented himself as n vory importnnt person, whoso properly wan un fortunately locked np in Puris. Hu first got a loan of 250 franca. . Then ho_ got n loan of ¿OJ frauen. Then ho cunio in a mysterious manner lo Mr. M'Tnggart Grnut, to ask whether ho know airy English houso that would ne golialo a loan of a milliard to tho French Government. Mr. Grunt forthwith entered into communication with an English house for that purpose, nud, in dealing willi sums nf »lieh magnitude, n »mall trillo of 2000 fr.uicj was not refused lo thu Count, whoro resources wcro cut oil' by tho investment of Puris. Dut grouter revelations wc M to come. Tho Count was not u Count, but tho Duo do Uiiliin. He carno ono day to minounco that ho hail, boen summoned to Paris to assist iu tho negotia- tions for peace, and strongly counsollod Mr. Grant to iuvost money ia a project for buying np slorca for tho cnjiitnl. Tho Empress, tho Prince Imperial, tho Duo do Porsigny, and oven ho himsolf, tho Duo do Balun, woro all concerned in this great enterprise, which deinaudcd a «um of four million francs. Stroke upon stroko followed, aa tho clover painter Baw that tho iuiugiuntiou of his dupo wns impressed by tho picture. Ho con lided to him that M. Th ¡era had offorod him tho poat of Minister of Fiimue.o. Ilia own 1 property, nins I was ruined, houses of his to tho va)nu ot I SO,WO had becu utterly destroyed-, his uatrimouini estate of Bnlnu, worth Lltf.OOO a year, had lied from him for ovor. But wlml wcro such trilles to a mau who kui w tho grenlest peoplo of Franco, who wo* rotated to half-a-dozon nob'o families, who waa called in to tervo tho country in gru.ro political crisis ? "Wo next hair of. this distinguished person in Horliii, whoro douhtlosB jirinccs, politicians, nuil fiuur.oicrs wcro doing him honour, lt is Imo thnt, somo littlo timo liofot'o going north, ho lind undertaken to carry into Paris a sum of money wliieh Mr. M'Tnggart Grunt held in trust for tho poor pcoplo of Paris, lt was ou his Tray. Ho wns about to luko possession of tho finnncu dopurtniout ; and who hotter nblo, therefore, to dischnrgo thia charitable work P Perhaps thoso I'Vcuch families got tho money. Tho kindly-hearted will suppose that thoy did j for nothing moro was heard of it. Do thnt aa it limy, tho Financo Minister waa summoned to negotiate with Prince liisuinrck ; mid whilo in tho PniBainn capital ho snatched a few moments to writo to his Scotch friend to »ivy that a littlo loan of 75,000 francs would ho vory convenient, because it would allow bim topny tho impôt I fonder on tho Dulan ostato, failing which, that valu nblo property would bo sold by thoco dreadful pcoplo, tho j PruBBiauB. Wo aro not surpriacd that tho French journals should once, moro hold up hands in astonish- ment over tho erratic Englishman in chronicling tho fact that tho L'JOOO wna sont avec une ponlualito f/iii tient du prodige. Tho Duke wns grateful to IIÍB English, or rather Scotch friond. Ho sent him somo securities which purported to bo worth considerable sums. Ho UIBO monnt to soil his gallery of pictures, which would fotoh from 100,000 to 150,000 frnucs. Moreover, although nothing had como of tho lonu or loans of which tho Duko hail vaguely hinted, waa not tho Finnnco Minister of Franco an im- portant uorflonngo to know P As Mr. Grunt mudo no show of investigating or doubting bia corresjioudout's Btuteuu uta, tho gcntlemnu iii Derim gavo JOOKO reins to his iiiingiuation. M._ Thiors had offered him tho post of AmbiuBndor nt Berlin or in Loudon, whichover ho pre- ferred. Tho President waa about to iulroihico nprojet do loi to recompenso him for nil thoso ruinous losses iu Bollovua, whoro a church, a school, and Bixty- two houses ho hud built had nil been smnahod to pieccB by tho bombardment. Ho contd not <iuito decido whether ho would go to London or Berlin ns Ambassador ; bo would linvp to consult his family. Meanwhile, tho Finance Minister bud not iu any satisfactory manner takon slops to pay back tho L,180o tho trusting Suoloh I m m lind lent him. I " M. Natal," Bait! a snbso(]uont anil iugonuoua wit n UK, "appeared to mo to lie ' a lunatic." What "lio I told mo might havo mndo a norol." ' Wo do not con [ sider tilts description of a novel either fair or accuruto ; hut it muy pass. It is sufficient to noto that M. Nah»! claimed lo ha n mun of lottars, which may account iu part for tho roscuto fictions with which ho captured tho imagination of Mr. Grant. " What have you written ?" suid tho President of tho court to him. Tho reply gives somo clue lo tho piuco of Iiis birth ; for ho nnswerod that ho had written vnriuus articles iu tho journals, lint that everybody know Hint such articles worn anony- mous.' Tliis statement tho President, speaking for Frenoh journalism, ventured tocoiilrudiot ; but nothing could ho elicited touching tho contributions to litera turo o" this» distinguished politician; who kout officiai appoiutinouts, na it ,wcro, in both his waistcoat poclccta. Tho Duke tuny host lay oluim to nuthorship in tho matter of tho logonila which hq wroto out for tho umusomeut of tho slmple- hoarlod Mr. M'Tuggnrt Grant. If that gontleninu wns so much im- pressed by tho verisimilitude of thcao compositions as to send L1S00 to u person ot whom bo know nothing, what further toslinmny to his literary nhilitios dooa M Nntal roijuiro? History tolls na, hon/ovcr, that a pat'tont reader of " Gulliver'n Tróvela " waa at Inst heard to say, with nu air of conviction, that ho did not boliovo ono word of what ha had been reading ; . und so, at length it occurred to Mr. Grant that there waa BOUIU uncertainly about M. Natal's unrratlvcs. Tho Scotch merchant ventured to writo to M. Bnrthnlaniv I St. Hihiiro, muí wn'i informed Hint M. Thiora know nothing wliatover about tho gontlcmiiu, who lind hoon negotiating important business for him in tho remoto emla of tho earth. Moreover, Mr. Grant, now bothoiight him of conaultingtlio Hat of members ot tho National Assembly nt Versailles, in which M. Natal hud incautiously raid his nimio would ho found. His unuin wan not found. On tho contrary, circum- stances nioso to show thnt Hiero is no such naine-nnd that tho Duo do Bnlau lind no moro Bolid cxisteuco on thia oarth than tho ghost of Hamlet's father. But tho personntor of tho Duko had so much reality nbont him ns to lot tho law-to uso n common expression-Iny him by tho heels, mid, in snilo of his nssovei aliona, ho was condemned to throo years' inipriBonmout, to a fjuoof 0000 franca, nud ordered to pay 30,000 fraucB hidouinity to Mr. M'Tnggart Grant. Which uro wo to think tho grelltoi-tho audacity of thia bold lind ingenious Hiviudler, or tho exceeding simplicity of Ilia victim P 