THE GREAT CATHOLIC. A Living Sketch by Justin McCarthy. Archbishop Manning is a tall thin personage, some sixty-two years of age. Jblis face is bloodless—pale as a ghost, one might say. He is so thin as to look almost cadaverous. The outlines of the face are handsome and dignified. There is much of courtly grace and refinement about the bearing and ges tures of this pale, weak, and wasted man. He wears a long robe of violet silk, with some kind of dark cape or collar, and has a massive gold chain around his neck, holding attached to it a great gold cross. There is a nervous quivering about his eyes and lips, '»Ja.t otherwise he is perfectly collected# master of the occasion. His voide is thin, but wonderfidly clear and penetrat ing. It is heard all through this great hall — a moment ago so noisy, now so silent. The words fall with a slow, quiet force, like drops of water. What ever your opinion may be, you cannot choose but listen; and, indeed, you want only to listen and see. For this is the foremost man of the Catholic Church of England. This is the Car- MI mumvj- oiau. giUlilJ IUC AVUlUttU priest or the Irish peasant as the true herald and repository of light, and liberty, and regeneration to a sinking and degraded world. A Joke on a Tailor. — In Boston, many years ago, there lived (as there do now, we venture to say) two young fellows, rather waggish in their ways, and who were in the habit of patronizing a tailor by the name of Smith. Well, one day into his shop these young bloods strolled. Says one of them: " Smith, we've been making a bet. Now we want you to make each of us a suit of clothes, wait till the bet is de cided, and the one that loses will pay the whole." " Certainly, gejatlemen ; i snaii ne most nappy to serwejcm, . says Smith ; and forthwith their mea sures were taken, and in due course of time the clothes were sent home. A month or two passed by, and yet our friend the tailor saw nothing of his cus tomers. One day, however, he met them, and thinking it almost time the bet was decided, he made up to them and asked how their clothes fitted. " 0 excellently," says one. " By the by, Smith, our bet is not decided yet. "What is it? "Why, I bet that when Bunker Hill Monument falls, it will fall towards the south. Bill, here, took me up, and when the bet is decided we'll call and pay you that little bill." Smith's face stretched to double its usual length, but he soon recovered his ' wonted good humor. dinal Grandison of Disraeli's " Lothair" — Dr. Henry Edward Manning, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, successor in that office of the late Car dinal Wiseman. It is no wonder that the Irishmen at the meeting are enthusiastic about the Archbishop, Manning. An English- Englishman of Englismen, with no drop of Irish blood in. his veins, he is more Hibernian than the Hibernians them selves in his sympathies with Ireland. A man of social position, of old family, of the highest education and the most refined instincts, he would leave the Catholic noblemen at any time to go down to his Irish teetotallers at the east end of London. He firmly believes that the salvation of England is yet to be accomplished through the influence of that religious devotion which is at the BAff A1T1 A i thfi Tl'ICn J tttL i some of us call superstition. He loves his own country dearly, but turns away from her present condition of industrial prosperity to the days before the Refor mation, when yet saints trod the Eng lish soil. "In England there has been no saint since the Reformation," he said the other day, in sad, sweet tones, to one of wholly different opinions, who listened with a mingling of amazement and reve rence. No views that I have ever heard put into living words embodied to any thing like the same extent the full claims and pretensions of Ultramontanism. It is quite wonderful to sit and listen. One cannot but be impressed by the sweet ness, the thoughtfulness, the dignity, I had almost said the sanctity of the man who thus pours forth, with a manner full of the most tranquil conviction, opinions which proclaim all modern pro- rrv£»ao o or»/l "O «... 