SPORTING NOTES, By "Playboy.11 There is still the absurd cry that the book makers' horses are winning everything, and the " down" of our big contemporary on the ring is in no way abated. If legitimate sport is the of the writers in its columns, what better fcould be bad than what was witnessed at the Y.B.C. Autumn Meeting last week ? Mr. Jellett, with two strings to his bow, upsets a great pot on Moscow. Fair Nell was the chosen one to do the trick, bat coming to grief, Hotspur had to pat his best foot foremost, and just managed to pull through The rider of Mr. Watson's horse was sadly blatted, I think undeservedly, for it is bard work riding" such a loBg way. Hamlet had only a canter for the Leger, and had not Contessa ran inside a poet, she would have beateil the Sfc. Albans Mi« Jessie for second place, and secured the 10 per cent, attached to it. The Ascot Yale was a great affair. Angus Scandal was declared to win, but Blue Peter, late Bine Devils— (why change from bad to worse? — Salt Peter would have been better) — being very troabiteOmfe at the finish, Young Wilson had to coaaC to the iMnxe on King of the Bins, and hugging ££%& rather dose, won by half a length, and A&isted; his stable companion to secure the Id per cent, for second place by a head. Mermaid was made a great pot for the Austwdfan Oup, but she was not in it, as the race was left to Saladin and Plying Dutch man, who finished head and head on the fidftt. Another attempt was made by theee two after the last race to settle their differences, with pre cisely the same result, but on trying Conclusions for the third time, the Bacchus Harsh won by half a length. Of course the fudge's decisions, as usual, were disputed, according to the npnLr observations of the malcontents j but the public, who have been informed a hundred times that no one but the judge can correctly tell, must have their eay, and some talked rather loudly. It was a great humiliation for the poor Dutch man, who, it was said — but some people Will say such ill-natured things — had been pulled for two yean to win the race- that he was fairly beaten on his merits by such a horse as Saladin. Either the yuuuc were wrong in tneir snrmisee, or the clever party to whom he belongs were far out in their calculations. I never thought the Dutchman more than moderate over a distance of gtPhhdi and considered that in place of being pulled, his capabilities were over-estimated by the handicapper m every race for which he started. The £100 Plate fell to Flying Scud, but a haK-mile race is only a scramble, and ongbt to be erased from fh programmes of the Y.B.C. That game old animal Warrior soon settled the pretensions of Mermaid m the Grand Stand Stakes. The French filly Patne could barely lire a mile with them, and walked in. She, however, saved her stake,as the rider of Mermaid wanted only an ounce of weight, and got distanced, which Jwas surely very &rd; hnee, for a penny would hare turned the scale. The Nursery Handicap was another instance of how true the bookmakers horses run. Mr. Joseph iuompeon tnougnt that Argus Scandal could lick the lot, and backed him for lots of money, as he always does when fos to a good thing, built was Belphegorfrom the same stable foiriy outtasted him, and wbn, much to Mr. Thompson s disgust no doubt ; but all the more credit to Mr. Wilson for luting bothhorees go on their merits, and I was glad to see him land a fair stake with the son of the game old Musidora. Detective won the Autumn Handicap very easily upsetting considerable pots on both Foam and Jjapdog. The last-named was at first placed second by the judge, although Cfeolite was nearly f length in front of him. There has been some feowitegfog in the judge's box lately. WfaetiHWifc be the judge or his assistant that is to oiame l know not, but tbe stewards ought to see to »fc at once j these constant mistakes&nd; delavs J«»epeat dissatisfaction amongst the puh£ Detective was last week sold to the Meeere. Joshua Bros., for shipment to Mauritius, and a cheap they hare got, m they reoeiye pact of the purchase money back in their share of the ttiik&i.; Detective, who is every year improving like the rest of the New Warriors, wfil pay his way abroad, and the planters need hotfear julmg tfifetr « sugar" on him for the Maiden Plate to the isle of Bourbon. Morrison again bud the honour of j polling off the Town Hite With Warrior, Contests thin time not being abfe to ask toe old horse to stretch himself. Hamlet, of whom better thiBgs were expected — he may realise them in time— puiKng up a quarter of a mile from home. The Steeplechase was not a good one, there were only two horses "in it" at toe finish— Babbler and The Monk, the former won ; bnt he galloped home in the most clumsy style imaginable. Old Bambler very soon reimbursed his new owner by winning the Helter Skelter in good style ; however, he had to pay £22 out of the stake to get him back, and the St. Albans stabie were let in for a trifle more, as Rymg Scad was rimmed after the race, and toey bought him to for £101. Many people fancied when the agony was piled so hotly on Rambler that Fanners Daughter was not going to spiel (a new word coined by the ring), but they were mistaken , as she was ridden out all the way, and cost her trainer some money, as he was barking up the wrong tree. The three principal racsi of the meeting were contested for by bookmakers hones, who backed them freely to win, and all three were carried off by owners outside the ring. Mr. Thompson, ran first and second for the Ascot Yale Stakes, which I was heartily glad to see j first of all for the honour and glory of the Mari- byrnong stud; secondly, for Mr. Thompson's pluck in giving 200 guineas for the winner j thirdly, because I selected the son of Bose de J Florence as the best of the bateh long before they were sold ; «i<l fourthly, because I almost stood alone in the very high estimation in. which I beld his sire, Ace of Clubs, whose other son, Belphegor, has added another wreath to be placed over his tomb. On Thursday and Friday next the Warrnam- bool annual race meeting takes place. There are few, if any, country trysts held to the eolOny equal to the one at this port of the Western Dis trict. The good people go in heart and soul for 1 a week's ton, and what with horticultural shows, cricket matches, pigeon shooting, balls, hb'rse- racing, and other amusements, hfestotes is laid aside for the nonce, the shatters are put up, and the inmates give themselves up to pleasure. The town of Warrnambool, situated close to the sea, is a delightfully cool pl»2e, and those who can afford time for a hoi 'it ay would be Well rep rid by taking a trip fjj the westward by bbfc o! the several steepen going to and fed. The followers of Izaj Walton Cohld kill two birds with one enjoy wMnfc eicellent raring — for the entries give premise of great sport — and some of the best bream-fishing in the colony is to be obtained Within a mue or so of the town. Mr. Petty, who was nn&voida;'o'iy detained in Melbourne on business dh Friday, could not get to Flemingtoa-, £h'd consequently did not see King of thfe Eing and Argus Scandal run first and Second for the Ascot Yale Stakes. He was, however, so pleased with JMr. WiteotrS fcuccess, that he presented him to the fetching with a cheque for £100, as a Mark of re&pecb; for him as a trainer, and rise to sho# his Satisfaction at the result of tbe faCe, Bbowmg thfe shpferforlty of the colts bred at the Marihykh&ng; stud. It will bfefeetefe ftdm advertisement that Messrs. Joseph Thompson and J. B. Wallis are really determined upon giving np racing, as the whole of the former gentleman's stud and Mocxri are advertised for sale by public auction at Kirk's Bazaar next Tuesday. I have tafebr feeeh one of those who otgected to toe Members of the ring owning raeehtifSte Ahd 1 confidently assert that the announcement Will be sincerely .regretted by every sporting mad in Aftstitefii, unlfe&S;, indeed, it be the Aiuft'fiZriSkft, Which has made it its business to peteifeatiy cry down the practice of bofefc&tel;&ft; owning horses ; to what good no Ode snows but the presiding genius of that organ. However, Mr. Thompson may take tbe rare credit to himself that his horses have alfciyl ran fairly and honestly, and wit&ohb; Any of that mys tery attaching fee thrih. Which iomfe. horse-owners consider re ttfi&teary; to eticcfess. He commenced his toeing cateter as the o#nfer of the steeplechaser Curry gohg, a hriree that h&V;% febet him a mint of motfey, fair, wfotolvir ne thought he had a ghOSt Of 4 bhttW, the money was put on, and in ntefeV instances lost. Bomnla, Mr. Thompson's next inveetmen t, was, however, a horse of smother colour, and the many good stakes she put to her ewner'B credit must have somewhat ritt&bd; his balance sheet. We all faro# ho# Mb. Thompson determtoed that fetich a grand bolt as King of tbe Ring should not leave , .tfab colony, gave 900 guinea tor him & the MaHbfartibhg sAle last yearj and fib haS fa»b been more successful with hiM riid Argus Scandal than his pluck de- terVed, and we only hope to see buyers at the sale able and willing to give something like the increased value their two-year-old successes hive pot on than. Shortly after ftoMuh3 Victory to the Launceston ChaMpfon Oup, Mr. Thompson purchased frSr Mother and full sister from Mr. Roti&tek;, aud they will also come under Mr, Bowes' hammer, and should be worth the atten tion of all breeders of thoroughbred stock, as their blood is undeniably good. There is also the filly by Fireworks out of Art Union, purchased at the late Mariby r nong sale, and since named My Leah ; St. Albans, the chesnut two-year-rid colt by Blair Athol, imported by the lateMr. Moflatt, and for which Mr. Thompson paid such a big price at the sale of that deceased gentleman's stud — a colt combining the finest strains of blood in the world ; Lapdcg, the hero of Nimblefbot'a cup, and winner of many races, and perhaps the speediest horse we ever saw to Victoria under a lighter weight than Mr. Barnard has lately favoured him with. Steeltrap, fall brother to Juamta, four years old, and a maiden ; Billy Wilson, an untried Fishhook two- ve&r-nM; nril i of Chrome, by the Premier, as well as those re ferred to above. Although Moxxei has not yet proved his claims to the name of a racehorse, owing to the overshadowing qualities of his stable companions, yet, from his blood alone, be should be worth more as a stallion than what Mr. Wallis paid for him. It was rumoured last week that a gentleman, well-known on the Victorian and Bouto steaiian turf, had offered Mr. Thompson £6,000 for the whole stud, This has store been contradicted j but, considering the valuable nature of feheengagwnente of Argus Brands! and King <rf toe King, who hate undoubtedly proved themselves the two best two-yearolds onfe this »son, I think the lot would have been cheap at toe money, fimtegbriiig how over, to the plea- aoat litBe feting which takes place on Monday mlBto met, a day late this year, owing to SfefttnoksdayfoliioganSiutiBy. The Eyne' ton racecourse, and fell ito belonging, have so often receftofi notice at my hands, that it will uttly he the old story over again singing its praises afresh ; but the stewards have this year gone to considerable trouble and expense to bring their meeting off with more eclat than ever, so that it is a simple act ef justice to state that, what With the addition to its size, and the bcttei- Wffifoit and convenience thus Obtrin&bte; for the sporting patrons of the totf, the grand stand is now second to none in Australia. The course has been looked to, and every attention paid to all toe possible wants of owners of horses. Most liberal arrangements have been made with the railway authorities for the conveyance of passengers to and fro, and members will be franked free there and back, which should be A Btfong ihdhdement for metropolitan spertsMeh to join this thriving little club. The eonvetiieut hour at which toe "special" start should cause Melbourne to be well represented on toe banks of the Cam- paspe ; and as splendid entries have been made for the principal events, excellent sjtokt ¥aii bfe relied on ; indeed, this is A ftktffihs that has never been wanting &t; Kyneton since the present management assumed the reins of office. The handicaps were published in the morning papers last Monday, and although Mr. Barnard's productions have lately been in extreme disfavour with raring men, yet I think Oh this occasion little fault tab fie found with his handi work. To edttnhfcnce With the Kynfetoh Handi- cap, one mite and thSree-nartfcfrl Warrior's Weight, crfring to & falskkS m the copy, was printed &st; $lb, instead of 9st 91b, which would hftve rendered the race a gift to him had toe error not been rectified. Even with the correct weight, he would have been dangerous ; but Mr. Saqui has preferred to let the old hOKe brave the j perils of the deep &hd; has scratched both hiiH and j Misty Morn for all engagements at the meeting. ; The Baron is perhaps hardly dealt with In bating | 5st 41b j bht shch Ah in-Aod-ohfc periormer is not to be trusted with less. Neither the Bearl nor flying Dutchman can complain of 8st in the pre sent company j but it is cot At all likely that the latter will too# up after his t#d dead he% At Melbbtirhe, And the crippled nature of his foot. | I do not think that Flying Send will shape so well with 7st 121b as he did at Geelong with 2st Ires, and it is a big jump to take all at once, j Planet, Albany, Bambler, and Foam are all nicely weighted ; but Cleolite, oh pAper? looks risiark- ably well in, after th'e fodlAht ihi maoe with j DetfeSctitip in thl Aiitumn Handicap. The Gipps- lander, Falcon, has got 71b more than his deserts, as Young Australia. Irish King is a probable absentee. Contessa has got a weight under which toe will them all traveL Benjiroo can't complain ; . but I am Afirid that feng Tom's lteht burthen #iii hcttorre him mhch, Unlets he alters , hi« btoavioiir, and runs honest. Should all start : fit and well, the should result in Cxeolitb, Piaitbt, and "R.AirRT.im being the three to catch the judge's eyet% first. Glescoe, Cleolite, Debschtb, and Bambeeb seem to me belt in for the tiflfririou handicap, a mile and aquarter ; but it would not greatly surprise me to see an outsider— such, as Yoluntber— run Very forward, list, at first sight, appears a heavy wfeight On Hotspur for ih Hc&dft; Bate; But when one looks at toe cattle below him, it is rather sur prising tori he did not gefe more ; and I should say he holds his stable companion, Fair Nell, safe enough, for that fair damsel does not care much far a greater burthen thsn lOst 41b. Brownie is scratched t and I do nbt sbe that Moscow has the least bit thb bSt of tfe weights with H&VsVfb;, whpse ihcfefc dangerous opponent appears to ihfi to be Natkaboo. Babilkb should score another win in the Steeplechrie, although should either Nankabpo or Dntchn get round, toey might trouble him at the iniib. .The entries for the minor races are not yet made, bat doubtieds toey will, as before prove productive of some good sport. The Kilnore Handicaps appeared on Tuesday ; but as «onsiderafile light will be' thrown on them tfie rledlts at Hynfetoh, % will defer any rfefcarks I hvb to ihale with regard to them till nedrer&h; day. The exodus tJ Sydney has already begun. On Tuesday last Mr. Saqui sent away Warrior and Misty Mote Jtd fulfil their Randwick engage- mlhti fey to iok kAfitsj iM brifrd toe Aame good steamship Mr. Dowling sent Hamlet ana Blue Deter, tbe Prince of Denmark being the onlv hone likely to try and uphold the honour of Victoria in this Sydnej Leger, whilst I am afraid that hod- that 'Mr. Thompson has adver tised tfie wbdte bt,hiS stoc Blue Peter, who was bred in New South Wates, drill bfe toe only bolt to Cany Victorian colours in the Two- year-rid Stake- at Bandvick, which are, how- evferj shbfil of pqeh hi thlit talue by the recent action of khe A.J.D. in altering the date ri their Autumn Meeting. I hear that Mr. Pi! gat bis repudiated the nominations standing in his name pending an appeal to Admral Bous, and that several other gentlemen Are likely tcf follow his eMmpfr, nmd&ksdaf;>;itois$.Taitrf$dMri- hardo returned to 8ydney bj the City of AdSffidfe, which boat also conveyed om or two of our book makers, bent on picking up any crumbs that are tn Ka nhhiinnl in thp nanitslinf Xav Rnnth Wales. The settling over the recent Melbourne Autumn Meeting waA satisfaptorfiy gone toroOgb on Monday and Tuesday afc: the Cotne. There were fewfer complAintA aginst absentees tban usual. THe ring, as a rule, live come ont about square, there bing few larg| winners on either side. The stakes were paid If ef oh Tuesday by Mr. Bagot, and were thus divided : — Mr. Jreeph Thompson, first and secoqd h the A scot Yale and second in the Nursery, £605i Mr. J. R- Crooke, first in the Australian t?up, #511 ; Mr. P. Lewis, first in the Leger and seetocL in toe Autumn Handicap, £473 ; Mr. A. Saqui, first in the Grand Stand Stakes and Toa £315 J Mr. J. Wilson, first in the Nury and second in the Leger, £250; Mr. W. P. jlowes, first in the Steeplechase, £210 ; Mr. J Tail, first in the Autumn Handicap, £140 ; Sir. E. Jeilett, first in the Hurdle Race, £122 10ai Mr. J. KeFy, first in the Half-mile Plate, £100 j Mr. W. Saver, first in the Heller Skelter, £S9 ; ffr. Morgan, second in the Australi&u; Gup, £50 i Mr. E. Twomey, third in to© Australian Cup, #20. In addition to this, £33 was paid for second moneys — making the gross total of stakes £2,934 id. The meeting did not turn out so badly forthekub as was at first supposed, toe loss sustained mt being much more than £500, which is conaide&bly; lees than last J«fr- toe sale of yearling: on Monday, Mr. Pfiillipe has disposed of the »lfe out of Hester ©rarebrodk to Mr. Bowes fo £200 and eontxn- genries. The fillies out of Ft iug Dae and Myth uw still unsold, but, I beii re, wfil. eonain, in hands for toe pneeenl Mr. Blandk has placed his orit out of Omea nd the Pamc two- jear-rid filly out of Jessie, a Joe Morrison's hands In be trained for their engagements. \ Amongrt the entries for the BR (NJ8.W.) Derby, I notice tiie names of |B torian colfa King of the Bing, At. Hl Mdzzel, Blue Devils, and Herculw . HI the Tasmanian Turf Club Derby ! less than fourteen Victorian boituhstioiil H ! Blue Petet, Herbnlfes, Vjn OrdinafrtoL HR Clubs, Argus Scandal, King of the HI phegor, Mozxel, the Bight Bower, I! if H Queen of the May, Maiden City, LanW haTS IH Sooth Australian out of Ringleader, andiA IH shine. Mr. Tail enters two, and Mr. Hw| Adelaide, three. " The sporting news by the English mafl j. = important bnt t eTO that the Grand Rtoau Hli Hunt Committee hate passed a retolnfay HI qualifying ail horses whose owners have hZ HI convicted of malpractices in British H|1 which will, in all probability, seriously intqffi with Dntriunanfa prospects in the old Mr. JoneA hAS hbteeVfer, sfeht in a I to the Soihmittee askfag tbem to reeonridw&f; ' j decision, as it would have the effect of dbmS J fying his horse for toe Liverpool Grand HshjJJ J jl This Wekes Ebtblbs. — Nominations fotrijb 1 Town Plate, of 20 sovs and the Handicap, of JH| sovs., at Iwncefield, enclosing 1 sot. lb saeh cra Hi mtist bfe fbr#arded to the honorary Sectetaiy Arthut Johnson, Commercial hotel, before 6 pxn. on Monday next, the 18th fiB On the following day, Tuesday, the 19th |H| general entries have to be made for toe Swibqm races, and alto for the principal hsbdiπ jH | IngleWood. On Wednesday, general ebMw| H| to be made for thw meetings coming off WBm nambool, and also at MoonambeL SpSj KYHBirizr Bagbs.-— A special train wffi ; Melbourne for Eyneton en Monday moznbrg j a quarter to 10 o'clock, and re torn at hdito i 6 o'clock, ihe fares are Very reasons Ws, tite first-ciass return, including admission to thedri i -.tj 20s. j and second -class, railway journey onlyjlh laffllf. | Members of the club will be franked free to 