BULWER'r; OVARREL WITH TEN NYSON. Mr. TcDtiytou qets pretty severe treat ment for his now uoem — that is, it is re ceived with e'i- tnio There has been n . out burst of trthr.oio'-iU oven from tho most ardent Tcimy-'juieu:'. It is whispered -oout that Tom.-y:-- u V.j been considerably im pressed by o v-idd ascent of Swinburne to lame, and v-.-rclved for once to Ire S svin- burniau. fe is nrderstood that tic only admirer of life:, am and Queen Isv It is Lord Lyttou. i i considers himself ays n god. I havo just Ijecit referring to tho battle whioli occurred between JBuIwer and Ten nyson. Wlivii the latter was appointed lauroato of filnidaml Bnlwer was vory j -Ions and angry, ife- ii. I based his expectations upon first, ia rr-:. coot a tic birth; ro md, upon Tho 1. , iy ot Lyons, Not So Bad as Wo Seem, his short poems and transla tions from Sc'.ulK'i In bis angor ho wrote a tremendous at ok on TemiyBon ;u the "Now Timou": — " If to my vcr- j dcr-h -l the pect's fame, This merit, raro to vl.-sb that wins, I claim : No tawdry grii'.o hal i womauiso my pen ! Not mino, not a m>: (O Muse, forbid !) tho noon Of borrowed nob a, the mock-birds modisto tune, Thojingling m-.'.! k.y o£ pnrloinod conceits, Oathabying Wordsworth, and outglittoring Keats, Where all tho alia of patchwork pastoral ckimo To drowsy cars in 'fe . nyEOnian rhjmo ! Let school-unit:. JlireJ. vent hor chaste de:i.'ht On " darling lit; .-Io rutins so warm nnd bright;," Chant " I'm awc-Ary " i'i infectious strain, Aud catch her ' ' bin fly singing i' the tUnic." Though praised k> i ; ies, though adored by ifiues, Though Peel - i-Jr l-mbling plumb tho puling Muto, Though Tfiobaii tnoSaxon's purse con i-- ins, And pensions 'IcM-iy-un to starvoa Knowle.-, Rather bo thou, uiy poor Pierian maid, Decent at lea-'-. In Ji .-yioy's weeds arrayed, Than patch wit It i'rippory every tinsel lino, And flaunt, admired, ' lie Rag-fair of tho Nino J" To this Te.u'joou replied m Punch, "ver tho signature- -d "A icibiades," in a picco en titled : Tho I t; vju and tho Poets : — " Wo know him, out t>f SliakEpearo's art, And those fiuo c-.u-i.-n which ho apoko, Old Timou with M"> ucblo heart, That strongly Jj.uliiiig, greatly broke. " So died the Old ; here comos the New- Regard him — familiar faeo ; I thought wo km:.- him. What! it's yon, Tho padded m,.:--, that wears tho stays— "Who killed the mi!-, and thrilled the hoys With dandy p uhen you wrote, A lion yon that urfle a noise And shook a ui-mo en papillotcs I " Aud onoo you 1 , led ' ho Mnses, too ; You railed, oi,- ; I fe-rofore now yon turn, You fall on those v im aro to yon As captain is i j euhallorn. " But men of loi-g-ttiiUuring hopes, And careless w.uil this hour may bring, Can pardon littlo mid-be PopcB And Brummeln' -7li<;ti thoy try to sing. " An artist, sir, should reBt in Art, And waive a life.ia of hiB claim ; To havo the doop pernio heart Is moro thau it': poetic fame. " But you, Bir, you are hard to pluaso ; You nover look hut half content, Nor liko a gontlom-jn at oaso, With moral bre.ultb of temperament, " And what with spites, and what with fears, You cannot let a ho ly bo ; ' It's always ringing ia your oars, ' Thoy call this man as good as mo.' " What profits mv.; : » understand The morits of u ipoJ'ess shirt — A dapper littlo boot —a little hand — If naif tho littlo oul is dirt ! — " You talk of tiuw ! ! Why, we see Tho mark of rouJ upon your chocks. You prate of Nature ! You are ho That split his life about the cliques. " A Timon you 1 N.,y. nay, for shatno ! It looks too nrrugaut a jest— The fierce old man, <<t tako his namo ; You bandbox! Off, and lot him rest." But notwithstanding this, and notwith standing Thnokcray's never- to- bo-forgn tten "Sir Edward Lytton Bullwog," Buhvor still steps nnd drives along theso streets looking as muchof a young beau as ever. Tho frostsof age do not toll upon his looks for reasons wliioh physiology can well understand. And there being no flesh upon his fnoo It oar- not wrinkle. I saw him a few days ago — the littlo hand, d upper boot, expensive shirt- front, and all (the all does not covor mi.oh) — and he seemed to mo an inexplicable marvel, Will lie live for over ? He is re garded as ono of the ugliest human beings, but it is no common ugliness. The face is that of some antediluvian hawk, with sharp beak, bony brow, and cold, twinkling eyeB, which has taken human shape and become a man of fashion. Poor Bulwer ! He mast have a sad time of it. Ho h' s outlived his companions, and has only apleon for the successful lUtimteurs of tho present doy. What powe ho had is now a dried np fountain. Ho finds his delight in being a great man among small Tory circles. Mcan- whilo his old antagonist, Tonnyaon, what ever may be thought of this or that piece he gives to the world, becomes increasingly dear to the large circle oi his personal moras. For much as it is to say, the man is bettor than his poetry. Plain rb a Quaker in his garb, blunt but cordial in his Bpeocb, humor ous and full of good stories, kindly and truthful, his annual eojouru in Loudon— he is here now — ia looked forward to as a lileraiy and social festivity, aud tho sight of this long head aud genial face, and his ourions long oloak, is enough even to make one for get the fogs which juet now aro thick, and cold enough to increase traffic in razors. — M. D, Conway in tho Cincinnati Commer cial. Jem Mace nnd O'Baldwia are going to fight for tbo championship of the world. A decree has boen published in tho Official Gazette of Madrid authorising tho laying down of a telegraphic cablo from England, and another from Portugal to the Spanish coast. Many talcs about warlocks aud sprites have not a better inundation than tho fol lowing, extracted from the Milang corres pondence of tho Stratbalbyn paper. The writer says : — " I will juBt mention ono cir cumstance whioh happened the other night, or rather morning, and which, as our im mortal poet says — ' la just as true as the deil'a in ;'but you know the rest. As one of our worthy neighbor farmers was wending bis way home, after having enjoyed himself with a few old cronies at Host 's ; but I must not tell everything, or yon will know too mnoh. Well, ho was 'nafu',' but just had 'plenty,' and at a very lonely part of tho road ho was startled by hearing something like tho olonking of chains or the jingle of cracked belle, no was not snra which ; bnt presently he was more alarmed at seeing approaching him a form whioh, as he says, was 'like neither beast nor body he was snra nothing human could appear in that shape. It made his hair—what there was of it — stand on end, and his eyes were almost starting from their sockets as the apparition stalked almost up to him. Fear or curiosity, wo will not say whioh, kept our friend stationary, whilst tho ghost or goblin commenced walking round and round him, ooming closer every moment. At last the poor man mustered courage to ejaculate, 'Who or what are you?' Tho reply oamo in very unsteady tonos and broken English, ' I'm Jack, da ostler ; who yon ? ' Tho relief of tho poor farmer may be better imagined than described when ho dis covered It to be only a mortal liko himself, who had imbibed rather freely at a ' pub ' not a hundred miles from hero, and soma one, thinking to play a trick on poor Jack, took the saddle and bridle off his horse and turned tho horse adrift ; but Jack had good pluok, and, not oaring to stay in such com pany, took the saddle on Id's hc.vl, and 1 tramped to iho music Oi tho clanking I stirrups." 