CALLED TO THE 'BAR.' No. III. «SP I WISH you would give over trying to make such a d ? blessed fool of me. Instead of cement pitch, why did you not pay concert pitch ? and for green young. men, why not have Baid queer young men. If you do not mind stops for. the future, -and JoQk. after, your bat* -j talion of ' devils,™ I shall come down npon you like '? a flash of lightning through a goose berry bush.' ? ' Drink and be mad tilen; 'tis .(or your country's good ; Ye *11 can iwMow, and she asks no more.' —TheTask. The Card of Olney, and poets of all ages have.sung in praise of hud- drinking. _ Whfcn I can. afford it I intend to line to mybarwitbbac canalian and anacreontic songs. They stimu late the fancy, inspire ft love of the Musee, and. incite readers to call for nobblers ' all round.' Therefore, sipce in all ages, since the days when Lot got ' tight,' ' the poet's song and the patriot's lore ' hsive advocated the free use of my stock in-trade, what, ghost of a chance have new-fangled institutions like the 'Good Templars.' So, since itmust be conceded that the world can never be teetotaliBed, let us try to furnish .the world with good pub licans. Good publicans ? are lew . and, far ? between. One of the right 'grit' must possess a won derful diversity «f faculties.. Hemofitbe able to diink like a fish — to .drink ft. Bed Sea of spirits dry, -and go to bed, perfectly sober. If he be unwell he jnust Iceep it dart, and gammon ? to be in first-rate condition, or the world -will swear that the -cursed drink had knocked him .outof time. He cannot take a quiet siesta aftei ditmcr, for: the first customer who looked in would -give the town crier a shilling to proclaimthat1 Bo-and-io was iound in bed; in .themiddleof the day . 'beastly, drunk.' An accomplished publican ought to' be iable pitch ' soft sawder ' to young ladies who call for lemonade 'aiid soft' stuff,' and also able to knock a ruffian into the middle of the next' street. Able to; hit straight, from the shoulder, ? and3 ftdininister a dosfe in the shape of a blow, after the style of Tori1 Bayertfs famed ' auc ' tiotiteef.'1 1 He must be the masted -pf a'tongue droppjne words sweeter . than honey from Monnt Hybla— the muscles of ft gladiator — the stqmaph of , ati ostrich— and the constitution of tie lftte' redoubtable ' Iron Duke.' When I reflect on all this, I *' cave in.' I am knocked -into a ' cocked hat ' by the consciousness of my own deficiencies '..Muscular, bhristiain publicans are es pecially wanted atroadside honses and out of the-way places farremoved from police stations — although for tbat matter, I never really .believed- in the ? existence -of a police force- in Mfctybofougb, anyinpre than 1 fever heljpyed in the Grecian Mytlitrtogy, or ''this Athariasian Creed. There -might' be1 a specimen of the ' Moa ' still resident in- New Zealand, but I fancy he would be .devilish hard to find. There may be a; pottbeman rir Boih- Mary borough lurking about - in the jungles, but if a 'free fight' is febing on, or the 'drunken darkies are creating 'blood and thunder' do not look for jour guardian 'dressed in blue ' in these quarters. I have traversed the good city ' manay a time and oft' at all hours of the night, and never to this day did I ever meet a policeman. Yes, there is no mistake about it; li doet require a considera ble amount of physical and mental energy td conatihitea good publican. Almost as much as it1 wcmla tfffit out «tr alderman.1 ' Knocking down toll-gates, blockading 'Rotten Bows,' \- -hufrying every man's jackass but your own, and in a general way ' paying tbe devil with no pitch hot,' reqnii-eB,BS -ope of your contem poraries expresses it,' indomitable energy and strength of mind,' especiaUy so in the matter of wasting the ^ Municipal funds.' ; Still these little difficulare as light aB tbe dew on a sum mer's morning compared to what we publicans and sinners have to fight with. _ . Seasoning in the abstract, I believe that publican t lives ace not so good as other men's lives. This is strictly a subjective proposition niter the manner of Bishop Berkeley's cele brated metaphysical treatise, (If anyone wants to knotfu&ny; moreabout Berkeley, let him or her go to the ' School of Arts ') But I bsve«ome eviderice to lay before you to prove that pnblicans lives are not classed as Al. But moreof this -in the next chapter. The odour of the sawdust is npon me, and I feel dead beat. . If my writing is weaker than ordinary do not blame me, but lay it on to Ashton. .1 wish, I ^iad been a short band writer, to 'have noted -down the clown's jokes forfuture Circulation. ~ ' n r Thfcre ' is - nothing 'like having an eye to a ' 'fcbrafeinatio&ofkusmess; and pleasure. r- 1 mast drink a glass of B. and S.4o revive rny jatfed spirits. But, hold 'ton, here is something to answer the pucpose-^the letter of Mr. Conroy in the Chronicle of the 5th; fie says that cer tain parties 'fell into -a state of submission whieh-was ably assisted by the -defunct East -Indian Company.' I- always thought that defuneftvcA ant- dead, and probably decomposed. Again, be says, ^tbeTftmil ^of the olden time was a valorous feUmorvrho vindicated his cause againstalltomenTof hundreds and hundreds of years.' So tb e'7liunil must have been brother to Methuselah, or the^everlasting Jew himself. -Thebe'jokesr am! o-! the -first water, 'and «re \- equivalent ;t© a glass of brandy imdisodawater. That one concerning the master of the Isling ton workhdufie,! who ' discovered . tbe ; means of testing whether tan ?' over festive ' pauper was drunk or! sober by requesting him to articulate ' the WOrdfl.^ truly. rural,' is .not so 'bad. The cream pf the- joke lies in the idea of the festive pauper, ior the possibility of ian English pauper -getting dfunk, or ever, in the ' creation of .'iSata,' becoming ' over festive.' I should like' to see that pampered pauper, and I would try . to get'bim-i.up *. benefit, solely on account of his being a rara avis. To the best of my re collection, English paupers were accustomed to live on ' Swede ' turnips all the week, and the sib ell of. ah ell fagon the Sunday; Publican's lives are~not equal to the lives of the ordinary ran of: mankind.1 This fact may , notbe admitted ib- life assurance prospectuses, ; bu t it ' is k fact.for all that: I have tried to in sure jny iife in every office you can mention, and tbey one and all oast me out like an un clean spirit, although I had^ first-class medical certificates. 'Casting-out ' is not exactly the proper twms^cfr thBy tdok good care not to let me in. : : The directors were sharper than I thought lor, and.1 conclude that- tbey reason after this fashion If there be at this mo ment no organic' disease, and presuming that hitherto the applicant has led a sober and .virtuous-life, '.dding his duty in- that state of life into which it has pleased God- to call him,' (see ?Catechism) ; still, as a publican is vir tually bound to drink, ten glaiBses.of gin and bitters before breakfast, and twenty or thirty glasses of ' hardstuff ' between breakfast and bed time, we imagine that in the course of . f orty y ears or so it must hurt his liver ; and, on tbe whole, his manner of living is not con ducive to long life.'- That is about the -style, -of it, and ? my proposals, like : 'rejected ad dresses,' were declined with thanks. Yep, fatty degeneration of the heart, a corroded j liver, a flabby! a&d;' dropsical carcase, and a generals tendency to- be speedily gathered to bis fathers, form the heritage of the publican. Temperance stumporatGT?, itinerant tract dis tributors, amateur preachers, and wouldbe good people . in general, make a tremendous mistake in saying that the use1 of tobacco ia one bf the deven deadly sins. To say tbat smoking leads oh to drinking is one of the greatest falla cies 'ever broached. Tobacco iB an ' aid to Teflectidn,' and somfe'of the heaviest smokers 1 have ever knowh ? Were the lightest drinkers. The smoker, as a rule, sips his liquor cautiously. He oonsumes som6 time in cutting tip his to bacco, and in lighting matches. This time might be more profitably employed in pouring down 'nobblers of . brandy. Give me the man who wastes no time on tobacco ; the man who stands at the bar and bolts his brandy like a boa constrictor bolting a rabbit after a seven -weeVs fast. Mind, I speak as a publican, not as a moralist. ? ? ' ? X. ' 'That's a pretty bird, grandma,' said ,ar|iitle jboy. ' Yes,' replied the old jfeme, ' and he never cries.' ' That's because he's never washed,' replied the youngster. 