INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Br. the Albion from Ni w Zoaland wo loam that at Napier threo prisoners of lo Kooti'e band havo been captured by the coiiBtabularj undor the command of Captain Terns lu Eooti is supposed to bo in the direction of tho buck of Poverlj B ly -Tho Auckland regiBtra tion returns show tbo number of deaths during tho summer to hove boen exactly doublo that of tho wintor Tlio february returns show thut ono child out of tinco horn dies withintwo years THE Ballara! Coartar gives the following as immaturité of Victorian precocity -"A couplo, whoso united ugcB only roueh twenty Boven yoare - tho malo fourteen, and tho fomalo thirteen-recently wuted on one of our minn ters of religion, und preferred u requ st to bo married The clergyman fit st expressed his us tomshment ut two such joungBters Booking so formidable a connection, and thou told thom that, without papas consent, the request oould not bo complied with lins passport to mutn mony not having been obtained tho youthful pair woro compelled to rotiro without having had their WIBII gratified It is now understood, however, thut the murnugu will take place " A He'Oi LAU attendaneo at the courts us spec tutors appears to bo part of the education of flomo of our criminals (Bays the Melbourne Age) It is surprising what a lurgo percentage of the habitues in tho gallery luke thoir turn ns actors , and when thoy got into tho dock thoy show vory often that tho eloquence of tho Fellowscs, Iro lands, and Billings of tho our has n t been lost upou them Richard Condon, com icted at the sessions of obt umng money by falao pretenooB from the Hon E Cohen, described himself on tho gaol books as a merchant, but he would bo moro properly designated a pubho auditor A more persistent listener at the courts thoro never was Banco, Equity Nisi Prius City and Dis tnct, Divorce-nothing carno amiss to bim. And, when called upon to spciik in his defence, he did it well. With uplifted arm and a voico now elevated to thunder, and anon artfully dropped to almost a whisper, ho converted the dock for the time being into a pulpit, and quite enchuined the jury. But admiration of his eloquonco did not weigh in the scale »gainst tho stern legal facts brought againBt him The jury convicted bim, and the judgo sentenced him to six months' imprisonment houTH Australians havo hitherto been re garded as rather slow in their wuys ltocent events, howover, ought to relievo them of this character The Adelaide correspondent of tho Hamilton Spectator thus writes -"Wo startlod tho world by rushing single banded into the great overland telegraph scheme, and havo por haps brought the ridiculo of tho world on our heads for our great failure, but the latest idea of all is a proposition to construct a railway across the Continent Private enterprise flatters itself under tho idea that where Government has to suspend a wire it can construct a railway The prospectus which has been issuod includes the names of many of our most influential mer- chants, and proposes to make Ports Augusta and Darwin the termini, and to nearly follow the telegraph line The distance IB somstbing tike 1GOO miles, and supposiug a railway could be constructed at £3000 per mile, the enormous Bum of £1800 000 would bo ubsorbed in tho undertaking Hodgson's patent wire rope tram- way is obout to bo experimented upon hero A prospectus is before the public, for tho purposo of forming a company to construct a wiro ropo tramway, to be curried on Btrong posts, twenty five to the mile, and tho project is being entered into by a number of email investors The totul cost is Bet down at £5500, although the company has » nominal capitul of £10 000 " " EtiHEB," writeB the Kyneton Guardian, "the earth hunger in this district has been nearly satisfied, or the land available for eelec tion IB well nigh exhausted, for tho Umeness of the proceedings at the local lund board OB Thurs day were in striking contrast to the eagerness and excitement which used to be the characteristics of such events Probably the poor success of farmers, even upon new land during the patt two Beusons, bus damped the ardor of selectors j Applications for nearly 3000 acres in the aggre | gate were dealt with, and most of the applica- tions wer» Urortblj entertained." TUE stioking-up of the Mudgee coach (says the Sydney Mail) hoe, fortunately, mt estab- lished a precedent of immunity. The threo bushrangers who essayed to renew the danger- ous game havo ull boen captured, and tho evi- dence of ono has diMosed \¡}° wholo affair. Traveller» from Qalgoag and Tambaroora should, however, avoid bringing or sending mono) by coaoh ; thoy are running a risk which it is bettor to ovoid by paying tho escort fee, though it is truo tho Govornmont does not guarunteo tho safety of tho esoortod gold. Tho chances of tho escort being robbod aro much smaller than thoso of a couch boing robbed. 'JUE inhabitants of Sjduey havo boon horri- fied to discover traces of something hko Thug gisin in their midst, Tbo discovery of a body in the Parramatta Rivor, with wounds indicating death by violento, led to inquirios, and there woro gradually unfolded indications of u Bchcmo of wickodnoss not boforo suspected. Evidonco was disclosed that persons had boen entrapped, und, for tho suko of small sums of money, murdered. A second body was found in tho river, also bearing marks of violence, and was identified. Other persons who aro missing are now supposed to havo fallen victims to tho Bamo muchinationB. Tho police uro still on the trail -Mail. ON tho important subject of timber resorvos, a contemporary suva -" Tho dioico timbers aro rapidly disappearing. Manj havo been burnt just below the ground, tho wood BO de- stroyed being really more valuublo than tho produce raised ou tho ground cleared. But wlnlo ovory sottlor outs down, nobod) plants, undjoung timboi that would erow if let alone, does not get a chance. In Victoria, thora aro certain Forest Resenes,with wardens appointed to wotoh them, but nothin of tho kind has a» jot been attemptod in Now South Wales. It would bo woll if practical poople in tho country would keep the matter altvo, and would suggest steps that might ho tukon without involving any disproportionate expense" Hop OULTUHB in Tasmania and Victoria (says a contomporory) is going on at a great ruto 1'ho supply fro ii Mornington und Warrnambool will this year bo estnnntod bj tons, notwith- standing that a groat muuy acres wero destroyed br Hoods. It has also boen cultivated at Sale, but Warrnambool appears to bo the head quur tors. Ono grower there has about thirty acres ; Ina yiold is estimated at over 12 cwt. por acre, which at tho prico offered (Is. 10J. per lb) will muko u very satisfactory return. Ho has ob- tained export men from Kout, and has sunk a good deal of money m the erection of kilns His process appears to bo well carried out, und tho «ample of driod hopB is pronounced to bo per- fect. This being the case, there is ti great mar kot for thom, and wo doubt not that the prospect »ill attract many farmers tobo growers of tho same plant IN an article on the border customB statisti c», tho Sydney Atorninq Herald snyB -" Tho sta- tistics given with respect to the border duties will go a long way to satisfy reasonablepooplothat in attempting to deprteiate the amount duo to this colony to as low a point as £40,000, Messrs Duff) and Berry wero grossi) misrepre- senting, and spoke either in very great igno nineo or with a Bimster purpoeo. ... But though thoso flguroB go a long way to dispose of Mr. J hill)'s contemptuous treatment of our chinna in tho first met ance, thoy do not make tho caso of our Ministers any hotter. Thoy nero not condemned for asking too much, but for usking moro than tho statistics then at their command justified, and for refusing to accept what, on the face of it, wns a fair proposal for determining tho exnet amount." A liUhjCH of promiso caso-Muunsell v. Cas- sius-which bus excited much attention, bus boen heard in the Suprimo Court, Melbourne. Tbo plomtifl (Miss I'hcebo Muunsell) sought for diiiiiages for breach of promise of marriage, tbo defendant being Michael Cassius, at one timo a resident in tins colony, hut »t presont having largo interests in New Zealand. Tho defence was that Cassius, after ho mode the promise, hud beconio so ill thut ho could not carry out the contrait Medical owdeneo was given m eupport of this view, but thoy suid tho illness was only n temporary ono, and would soon bo cured. Tho Chief Justico loft it to tho jury to gay whether tho defendant lind really broken ofl tho match, or only imkcd for time. Tho |ury, lifter n deliberation of two hours, found a vordict for plaintiff for £350 -Aryui. Till dangerous practico of reading in bed by candlelight was tie eaueo of tho residence of Mr. Losley A. Moody, inspector of distilleries, South Yarro, Melbourne, being totally des- troyed by fire a few mornings since Mr. Moody, tit about 3 o'dock, lit a cundle, and left it beside an open » mdow wit h long muslin cur ama closo to his bed, in order that he might read according to custom Ho read lor some tuno till ho dozed oil to sleep, und he WUB awakened by a feeling of sullocation. Ho found tho room , full of smoko und fire, and alarming tho family, gott cm ull out. With the assistance of a neighbor ho suvid a piano and u few othoi urtieles of furniture, but tho flames sproud so rapidly that but little was rescued, und in u short time tho whole building, which was un old o o of wood and brick with an iron roof, containing eleven rooms, WUB totally destroyed. -Aram. A Schoolmistress keeping an establishment in Carlton, Melbourne at tho District Court summoned W. C. Mumby of Ballarat for £6 2s. 8d, for the tuition and board and lodging of his children, girls und boys Her name was Catherine Shillinglaw und it appeared that tho dofondant took his children abruptly away from her school in consequenco of what ho heard about the manner in winch tho place was conducted She therefore put £1 extra ou tho bill in lieu of a month's notice and Mr Mumby altogether thought the bill so exorbitant that ho only olfbred to pay £3 Ho was therefore summoned for tho whole amount Tho schoolmistress ad milted that she had frequently sent the children to a public house to get drink for her, sometimes twico or three times a day tho drink was ordered by tho doctor for her, and she never gavo tho children any. When slio sent for beer sho only got 3d worth at a timo Complaints bad been mode to Mr Mutnby that a man who visited the house at night went through the children's room; and Mr Call, P M said that ho wus quite satisfied that Mr Mumby was justified in taking his children away without notice The case was dismissed without costs, on the agreement that tho amount promised-£3 should bo paid -Australasian A NEW SOUTH WALLS p iper, tho Cumberland Mercury, devotes on article to tho ' Liverpool road Ghost ' I» appears that ' in the month of May, 1802 a pedlur wus murdered at u ccr tain part of tho Livorpool road noar tho june tion of the Dogtrap and Sydney roads, to which point tho body was drugged Tho murderer hue novor beon arrostod and numerous accidents havo from time to time occurrod at tho preciso Bpot whore the mutilated remains of tho pedlar wore discovered It is a strange fact that not a fow of tho quietest horses in the district ha» o taken fright at this spot, and m some instances serious accidents havo been thn result ' Several instances are thon quoted of accidents from horses and frights to human beings ut this placo, and tho Mercury concludes -'Towrito seriously, howover it is strariL.0 that so many accidents should have occurred at one particular part of the Liverpool road The cause, how ever, must bo looked for, not in tho superna turu!, but in the natural state of things " ONE meets with some strango people now und then (says tho Leader). A few days ago an Irishman was seen knot bing very vigorously at one of the pillar ¡otter recen ing posts in Collins Btreet, Melbourne A lady happening to puBs by, Pat addressed her, and oskod her whether he could get a letter from there and complained that he bud been knocking for half an hour without getting any anster lho ludy directo 1 tho inquiring Irishman to the General PoBt office as the place where he mielit obtain a letter. His reply to this was that he had been there, and the spalpeens of clorks would not give him one The above is vouched for by unimpeachable testimony TUE fine season we have had for squatting properties is enriching some people the Bal tarât Courier «Utes that " Mr W C Smith, M L A , has sold his share in the liirerina eta tion-of which he has so long been part pro prietor-to a Melbourne purchaser for £16 258 or £6250 over what it would have realised at this tune last jear, when station properties had not the high valuo they command now." It is asscrtod By those who aro well acquainted with pa«torol matters that had Mr. Hugh Glass lived and boon able to have controlled his numerous squatting properties until now, it is highly pro- bable that ho would havocxtncatod himself from his financial difficulties Tho advance in the pnco of wool, tho abundance of feed und other changos bonotlciul to squatters, have made nuiuy men »oalthy »ho, but for tho alteration in thoir prospocts, must havo succumbed to misfortune. THK Buninyong pcoplo must bo queer folk, judging from tho manner m which thoy an nomico births. In tho local journal thoro ro cetitlj nppiured the following ad\ertisomont - " On tho 7th instant, Mrs Willtuin Wuters of u son. Mother doing well, fathor happy. Child's i weight, IG lbs 21 OÜS " 