THE NOVELIST. WITH! ît TM MAZE, [BY THE AUTHOB OF " EAST LYNNE."] CHAPTEII XXIX.-ONLY A NIGHT OWL. The wide window of tho upper sittine-room at tho Masse was thrown open to the night nir. Looking : forth from it, stood Sir Adam Andinnian and his wife. Ho was in his usual evening dress, that ho so obstin ately continued to persist in assuming in the teeth of remonstrance ; she wore a looso white sitting-up robe tiud a bluo cashmere shawl over it. She looked dolicately fragile, very weak and ill still : and thia was tho first day that she had loft her chamber for any length of timo. There was no light iu the sombre room, before light was allowed to come in, tho window would be closed and tho shutters shut for tho night. Not a word was being spoken between them. She had not long como iuto tho room. A great terror lay on both their hearts. At least, it did on hera : and Sir Adam_ had grown to feel anything but easy. The suspicious that appeared to ho attaching themselves to. tho Maze outside tho walls, were producing their effects on the comfort of the inmates within j aud perhnpstheso suspicions wore feared all tho moro because they did not aa yet take any tangible or distinct form. That a detective officer was ia the neighbourhood looking about Adam had heard from his brother ; and that it was the same man who had been seen by Ann Hopley watching tho house in tho moonlight, and who had boldly presented himself at tho gate the next day demanding permission to eater, Sir. Adam had no doubt whatever of. Karl, too, was taking to writo him notes of caution Brave though he was, he could not feel safe. There was not a momont of tho day or night but he might seo the officers of justico coming in to look for him. His owu opinion was, that ho should bo able to evado thom if they did como ; to baffle their scrutiny ; but he could not feel quite ns easy as though ho wero ou a bed of summer rose-leaves. In consequence of this apprehen sion, th« ears of himself and his wife wero ever on tho alert, their eyes rarely went off tho watch, their con scious hearts never lost the quick beat of fear. It was enough to wear them-both out. Oh. caa tho reader really realize, I wonder, what the situation was ? Can he only imagine ono single hour of its terrors, or picture its never ceasing, prolonged doubt and agony? I think'not. It cannot bo ade quately told of. A novelist's pen may bo faithful enough in pourtraying some things, but itcould scarcely pourtray this. Behind and before, there was the awful vista of that dreadful Portland Island : look which way thoy would, nothing elso presented itself. A gentle breeze suddenly arose, stirring the trees outside. Never an unexpected sound, however' faint, was heard, but it stirred their heating hearts ; stirred thom to a fast, fluttering, ugly throbbing. It was but the wind ; they knew it was only that ; and yet the emo tion did not subside quickly. Hose had another great anxiety, separate and apart, perhaps ho had it also in a dogrec, hutho did not admit it. . It was.on tho score of her husband's health. There could be no doubt that something or other was amiss, for he had occasional attacks of pain that seemed to arise without any explain able cause. Ann Hopley, who considered herself wiso in ailments, declared that be ought to see a doctor. She had said it to her master ineffectually j she now began to say it to her mistress. Sir Adam laughed in her face when his wife was present, and ridiouled her advice with mocking words of pleasantry ; but Ann Hopley gave nothing but gravo looks in return. The fact was, she knew moro than Bose did ; more than Sir Adam intend or would allow his wife to know. One day, gomg to a parfc of the grounds whore she know pho should find her master, she found bim amidst the trees in a fainting fife, his face of a blueish white. Some acuto pain, or spasm, bharper than ho had ever felt be fore, had caused him to losó consciousness, ho said, when be recovered ; and he threatened \ the woman with un heard of pains and penalties if she breathed a word to her mistress. Ann Hopley held her tongue accordingly ¡ but when Hose got about again she could see that Adam was not well. And the very impossibility of calling in a medical man to him, without arousing curiosity and comments that might lend to danger, was tormenting her with its own anxiety. " Thc baby sleeps well to-night, Rose." " Ho has slept bettor and has been altogether easier since he wns baptised," was her answer " It is just as though he knew he had been made a little Christian, and so feels at rest." " Goose !" smiled Sir Adam. " Don't you think you aro sitting- up too late, you young- mamma ?" "Ira not tired, Adam. I had a good aleep this afternoon." " It is later than perhaps you are aware of, Rose. Hard upon len." " Would yon like to havo lights ?" she asked. "No, I'd rather be without them." Sho would rather bo without them. Tn this extended cause for fear thafc was growing up, it seemed safer tobe at the open window looking out, than to bo shut up in the closed room where the approaches of danger could neither bo seen nor heard. Perhaps tho samo kind of feeling was swaying Sir Adam. " You are sure you are well wrapped up, Rose ?" "Certain. And I could not take cold ia this weather. It is like Hummer still." All around was still as death. The stars shone in the sky ; tho gentle breeze, that bad ruffled the trees just before seemed to have died away. Breaking just then upon the stillness.^ came the sound of the church clock at Foxwood, telling- its four quarters and tho ten strokes ot the' bour after it. Tho same quarters, tho same strokes tbat Miss Bloke also heard, emerging from Dame Bell's cottage. The husband and wifo, poor banned people, stood on nguiu side by side, they hardly know how long-, hushing tho trouble that wns making a havoc of their lives, and from which they knew thero could be no certain or complete escape so long ns timo for him should last. Presently he spoke again. "Ros", if you stay hero longer I shall close tho win. dow. This night air, calm and wai'm though it is can not bo pood for you-" She laid her warning hand upon bis ann. Thé ears of both were quick, hut ho was speaking at the moment, and so she caught tim sound first. A pause of intenso silence, their hearts beating almost to ho heard ; and then tho advance of footsteps, whether stealthy ones or not, might bo distinctly traced, coming through tho maze. " Go, Adam," she whisporcd. But, ' before Sir Adam could quit the room, tho win's tío of a popular melody broke out upon the air, «nd they knew the intruder was Kai'l. Ifc wns bis usual advanco signal. Ann Hopely heard it bolow, and opened the heavily-barred door to bim. " You aro late to-night, sir." "True. leonid not como calier, Ann. Ifc was not safe." Poor Karl Andiunian ! Had be but known that lt was not safo that night, lator as well as earlior ! That is, that bc bad not como in unwatched. For, you have understood that it was tho night mentioned at tho closo , of last chapter, when his interview -with Mr. Strange had taken place on bis rotura from, London j and the ¡ deteetivo and Miss Blake had subsequently watched him in. V .... ".Now then, Karl," began Sir Adara, when tho room was nt lougth closed and lighted, and Ann Floploy had gone down azain, " what was tho precise meaning of the cautionary note you sent me to-day ?" ' The meaning was to enjoin extra cunt ion upon yon." replied Karl, after a moment's hesitation, ami an invol untary glance at Rose. " If you havo anything to say and are hesitating because my wife is present, you may speak 0"t frcoly," cried tho very unreticont Sir Adam; Bose seconded the wordR. "Speak, Karl, speak," Bhe said, loaning towards him, with a painful anxiety in her tone. " It will.be a relief to mo. Notbiug that you or any one else can say can bo as nacl as ray own fears." " Woll, I have found ont that that man is a London detective," said Karl, deeming it best to toll the whole truth "Hois down here looking, after an escapod . fugitive. Not you Adara ; ono Salter." . ' "One Salter?" echoed Sir Adam, testily. "Who's he ? What Salter? Is there any Sailer at Foxwood ?" " It seems that tho police in London have been sus pecting that ho waB hero, and they sont this detective, who calls himself Strange, to look after bim Salter, however, cannot bo found ; there's no doubt that tho suspicion was altogether a mistako ¡ hut iinfortanately Strange has had his thoughts directed to tho Maze, ana is looking after it." V "Afterme?" cried Adam. " No. I do not believe thoro exists tho smallest sus picion that you are not in the family vault in Foxwood Churchyard. t Ho fancies some ono is concealed hero, and thinks it must be Salter." " But why on earth should his suspicions ho directed to tho Maze at all ?" demanded Sir Adam, with a touch of his native, haughty heat. " Ay, why ! Wo have to thank Moore for that, and your own incaution, Adam, when you allowed yourself to bo seen the night ho brought Nurse Chaffen in. It seems the woman has talked of it outside, telling peoplo and Strange amid the rest, that it was either a real gen tleman in dinner attire or a ghost in the semblance of one. some have taken unhesitatingly to the ghost theory, believing it to be n romnant of the Throcton times : hut detectives are wiser mon." " And so this man ÍB looking after tho Maze !" " Just so. He is after Salter, not after you." Sir Adam made no immediate observation. Bose, lis tening eagerly, was gazing at Karl. " Is it sure that Salter is not ip tho place ?" she asked in a low tone. " That ho has not been here ?" " Quito sure, Rose. The idea was a misapprehension entirely, ' replied Karl, returning her meaning glance " Therefore, you seo," he added, by way of giving what .reassurance ho could, "the man you have so much ¡ dreaded is not on tho track of Adam at all ; but on tho imaginary ono of Salter.", " Ono scent leads to another," broke forth Sir Adam. " While tho fellow is tracking out Salter, ho may track out me. Who's to know that he has not a pho tograph of Adam Andinnian in his pocket, or my face in his memory ?" " I should Uko to aok him the question, whether ho knew Sir Adam Andinniau personally ; but I fear I dare not," remarked Karl. " A suspicion once awakened would not end. Tour greatest security lies in their not knowing you are alive." "My only security," corrected Sir Adam. "Well Karl, if that man has got his eyes direoted to tho Maze, it puts an end to all hope of' my trying to get away. Little doubt I suppose, but ho is watching tho outer walls night and day ; perhaps with a dozen comrades to hnlp him." " For th» present, you can only stay where yon are," acknowledged Karl.' " I have told you all this, Adam to make you doubly careful. Bat for your reckless in . caution I would £ave spared you the additional uneasiness it must bring^ ? " Even though tho man does know me, tho chances aro that he would not find mo if he came in," mused Sir Adam aloud. "With my precautions, the task would bo somewhat difficult. You know it Karl." " Yes, but you are not always using your precau tions," returned Karl. "Witness you hero, sitting amidst ns openly this evening in your dinner dress ! Dont doit in future, Adam! coucoal yourself as you best can-I beseech it of you for the love of Heaven When this present trouble shall have subsided - if in God's mercy it does so Bubside-rwhy then you may re Biimo old habits again. At least tliero will not bo so mush risk : but 1 have always considered them' hazard 0U8." "I'll pee," assented Sir Adam. Which was a con. cession, from him. ' "Be on your guard day and night. Let not one moment of eithor season find you off it, or unready for ?any surprise or emergency. Strange talked »bout applying for a search-warrant to examine tho houso. Should he do RO, I will warn you of it if possible. But your safer courßo is to be looking for the enemy with every ring that the gate bell gives, every "breath that stirs tho trees in the labyrinth, every sound that vibrate! on tho air." " A pretty stato of things!" growled Adam. "I'm suro I wish I had never como boro !" "Oh that you had not!" returned Karl. "Ifs my proper place, though. It is. My dear ! little son, heir to all, ought to bu brought upon his own property. Karlo, old fellow, that remark must bavo a cruel ring on vour ear ; but I cannot put tho child out of his birthright " "I should nevor wish yon to do it, Adam." " Some arrangement shall bo modo for. tho far off futuro ; rest assured of that-and tell your wi'e so. In any case, li'oxwood will bo yours for one-aml- twenty years to come, and the income you now enjoy to keep it up with. After the boy sholl bo of age--" " Let us leave thoso considerations for tho present," interrupted Karl. " All of us may bo dead and buried before then. As for mc, I seem not to seo a single step before me, let alone a series of years." " Bight, Karl. These dreams lay hold of mo some times, but it is worse than silly to speak of them. Are i you going ?" "Yes. Itislato. I should .not have come in'to-night but for wishing to warn you. You .will try and take . caro of yourself, Adara?" ho affectionately, added, hold ' in g out his hand. "I'll tako caro of myself; never fear," was Sir Adam's light answer ns he grasped ifc. " Look hero, brother mine," he resumed after a slight pause, and , his voice took a deeper tone, " God knows that I have I suffered too heavily for what I did ; Ho knows that my whole lifo, from the rising up of the sun lo its going down, from tho first falling slindo of night's dark cur tain lo its lifting, is on M loner, unbroken penance ; nnrl j I believo in my heart that Ho will in his compaes'on | shield mo Ifrmu further dnnger. There ! tnke that to : comfort you, «nd go in peace. In your caro for mo j you have needed comfort throughout moro than I, ¡ Karl." , I Retaining ¡bis: brother's hand while Karl paid good night to Rope, Adam went down stairs with him, and beyond tho door after Ann Hopley had unbarred it. lt was only since tho advent of tho now fears that thcto I extra precautions of barring up at sunset had boon taken. " Don't come out," urged Karl. " Just a step or two." Karl submtttod ; ho felt aura enough against activo . dangar to-night. But it wa' in these trifles that Adam's natural incnutiou betrayed itself. ' v ? . Kuri, did you tell ino all you know?" ho began ns thr\v plunged into tho Muzo. '. Was ther- moro behind th'it jon would uofc speak beforo tho wife. ' , " 1 told yon all, Adam. It is had,enough." ''It might bo worse. Suppose they wero looking after mo. for instance, instead of this fellow Salter ll shall biifflo them : I don't, fear." ' " Adam; you shall not com« farther. If the man got in omi night, ho may get in a'lither. Good bye." " Good-bye. dour old anxious follow !" " Gosin. and got the door bnrrid " All rigîit. A last good ni ...ht to you !'' Knrl walked on, fc' rough the intricacies bf tho Maze. . Adam stood listening for a moment, and then turned to retrace his steps. As he did so, the sharp dtirt of pain he was growing accustomed to went through him, turn , ing him sick and faint. He seized hold of a treo for support, .and leaned against it. * What on earth can bo the matter with me ?" ran Iva . thoughts after it had subsided, and ho was getting out his handkerchief to wipe from his brow tho cold drops of agony that lind gathered there. " As Ann Hopley says, I ought to seo a doctor ¡ but it is not to lie thought of ; and less than evor how, with this new bother hnuging over the house. Hark ! Oh, it's only tho wind rustling tho leavr-8 agnin." , He stayed listening to it. Listening in a dreamy kind of way, his thoughts still on his' malady. . I wonder what it is ? If the pain were in a different direction I might think it was tho heart. But it is not that. When my father wns first taken ill of his fatal illness he spoke of some such queer attacks, of agony. I , nm over young for his complaint, though, Does disease ever grow out of anxiety ? If so-" A whirl and a rustin just over his hoad, and Sir Adam started as though a blow had been struck him. It was but a night owl, flying away from tho tree above with her dreary noto and beating tho air with her wings ¡ but it had Berved to Btartlo him to terror, and ho felt as sick and faint ngain as ho did just before from tho physical pain. What nerves he possessed wore on tho extremo tension to-night. That Adam Andiunian, tho cool natured equable man, who was the verj' opposite of his sensitivo brother Karl, and who had been unablo to understand what nerves wero and to laugh at those who had them that ho could bo thus shaken by inertly tho noise of a night bird, will servo to show the reader what his later life had been, and how it had toll upon him. He did not let this appear, even to those about him ; lie kept up his old role of cool. carelessness ? m d in a degree he was careless still ; and in ordinary moments m«st incautious from shaer want of thought- but there could be no doubt that ho was experiencing to tho fnll all the bitter mockery, tho never ceasing dread md hazard of his position. In the early days, when ti e attempted Escapo from Portland Island was only in contemplation, Kuri had foi seen what tho lifo mu t if he did escapo. An existence of miserable conceal ment; of playing at hide and seek with the law; a j world-wido apprehension, lying on him always, of being retaken. In short, a hunted mau who must not dare to approach the haunts of his fellow-men, and of whom every other man must be tho necessary enemy._ Evin so had it turned out : Adam Andiunian wa« realizing it to tho full. A greathorror lay upon him of being recap tured, but it may bo questioned whether, had the choice been given him, ho would not rather havo remained a ! prisoner than have escaped to this*. Even as he stood there now, in tho damp still night, with all tho name less, weird surroundings of fancy that night sometimes, Viringa when the spirit is in tuno for it, ho was realiz iag it unto his soul. * The glitter of the stars,, twinkling iu the dusky canopy, aliono down upon him through the interstices of tho trees, already somewhat thinning tho leaves with tho approach of autumn ; and remuined on, amid tho gloom, lost in reflection. " I should be bettor off there," ho murmured, gaz ing upwards in thought at Hoaven that wa« beyond ; " and, it maybe, that Thou O my God, Icnowest that, in Thy pitiful mercy. AB Thou wilt. Lifo has become but a weary ono here, full of pains and penalties." " Master !" came to him in a hushed, doubtful voice at ' this juncture. " Master, aro you within hearing ? My mistresses feeling auxious, and wants tho door bolted." "Ay, bolt and bar it well, Ann," he said going for ward. " But barred doors will not keep out all tho foes of man." ? ! Meanwhile Karl had got through the Muzo: and cautiously, after listening, let himself out at the gate. No human being, that ho could discern, was within sight br hearing- ; and ho crossed tho road at once. Then,,hut not before, he became awaro that his agent. Mr. Smith, was in that favourite spot and attitude of bis, leaning ou his arms at tho little garden gato, bis preen glasses discarded-as they gonorally were after sunset. " Good night,' ' said Karl in passing. But some words of the agent's served to a-rest his progress. " Would you mind stepping in for one moment, Sir Karl i I. wanted to say just a word to you, and have been watching for you to come out." " Is it anything particular ?" asked Karl, turniug in at tho gate at once, which Mr. Smith held open. " I'll get a light, if you will waitan instant." Karl heard th« striking of a mu'ch iu-doors, and Mr. Smith reappeared in the passago with a candle. Ho ushered Karl into tho room OH the left-hund ; tho best room, that was rarely used. "This ono baa got its shutters closed," was tho explanatory remark. " I generally keep tho others open until I go to bed." . " Toll mo at once what it is yon want," said Karl. "It is late, andi shall have my household wondering where I am." Well, Sir Karl, first of. all, I wish to ask if you aro aware that you were watched into tho Maze to-night ?" Ho spoke iu the lowest whisper ; scarcely above his breath. Tho agent's one servant had been in bed.at the top of tho house lou g before ; but he was a cautious mau. " No. Who watched mo ?" " Two people; sir, ono was Miss Blake, tho lady stay ing with you at the Court ; tho other was a confounded fellow who is at Foxwood for no good, I guess, and is pushing his prying nose on tho sly into everything." " Do yon mean Mr. Strange ?" " That's the nanto ; a lodger at Mother Jinka'. Ho and the lady watched you in, Sir Karl ; they stood closo by tho gato amongst the trees : and then they walked oil' down thc road together." Karl'n pulse beat a shade more quickly. " Why should tney have been watching mo ? What could be their motive ?"' \- " Miss Bloke did not intend to watch - as I tako it. I saw her coning along with a sharpish stop from tho direction ofthat hlcsfwi St. Jerome's-Cattacomb may have be»n treating his flock to a nocturnal eorvico. Whon tho was closo upon tho Mazo Bho mnst have beard your footsteps, for clio drew suddenly behind the trues to hide herself. After you went in, she came out of Bholter, and another wit'- her-tho mun Straugo. So b< must have been hidden thero beforehand, Sir Karl ; ai d 1 should say, wntcbiug." , Karl was silent. Ho did not like to hear this, lt seethed to monaco further danger. ''1 went iu to waru ¡Sir Adam against this same man," ho observed : " to toll him uover to bo off his guard, day or night. Ho is a London detectivo 1" 