NEWS FROM THE COUNTRY. . We havo to regret the demise, at an early hour yesterday, of a very oH and respected resident of Ballarat, Mr. "\V.. T. Poo'.oy, who, as actuary of tho Savings Bank and deputy registrar of births and deaths, was well knuwn to thousands in thiB district. Mr. Pooley had latterly been suffering, wo be lieve, from dropsy, and death came upon him whilst ho was making arrangements for hiB departure to Englaud, whero he hoe three maiden sisters and two brothers living — one a clergyman, the other in the Customs. Deceased, whose age was fifty-seven, died quiue uaiuiiy, uuu apparently as peace Wltn every one ; his last utterances were the words of prayer. — Ballarat Courier, This Day. The ceremony ot laying the foundation- stone of the Ballarat Woollen Factory, at Sunny Corner, Mount Pleasant, took place yoeterday, in the presence of a vast assem- b'ago of spectators, and with a solemnity and eclat never witnessod before on any similar occasion in Ballarat. We fear that the farmers in this district will havo a bad season. The rains have been so heavy and prolonged that the ground is thoroughly sodden. Many of the low- lying lands have not been sown, and are not likely to. bo sown this season. The lands that have been sown are hot likely to turn out very profitable, as they carry too much water. So far the prospects of the futnre aro gloomy. — Kyneton Observer. The " purloins " of Stratford have lately been frightened from their propriety by the notion that Cuddy's Ghost was revisiting the glimpses of the moon. Persons out at night have heard something which they thought unearthly patting behind them, and more than one has fancied he felt something of a prickly naturo. A few evenings ago the myBtery was solved ; one of the newly- imported deer took a fancy to a resident named Mitchell, and poked him in a some what unmannerly way with his horns about tho baak. Dr. Forbes was sent for, and de clared no ghost could have inflicted sach a wound. The doctor having prescribed in the orthodox way, the patient is in a state of convalescence. — Q-ipps Land Mercury, 29th July. 