THE WEEK. international rifle-match. I The Members of No. 5 Company, 1st Sydney Battalion V.R., had a trial of skill, as rifle- marksmen, on Saturday last. \The weather was fine, wind almost a calm, atmosphere dull. The match, as will be seen from the scores, resulted in favor of the Irish team, who beat the English by 15 points, who were 7 points ahead of the Scotch, they in their turn being 3 points ahead of the Australians. The shooting, on the whole, was very fair, Sergeant Gee heading the list with the fine score of 51 points. Private Lynch was second with 48 points. At the conclusion of the match the competitors were formed into line, and three hearty cheers were given for the victors. The general feeling was for a continuation of what had been so auspiciously commenced. The following are the.. score : Irish. 200 500 600 Total. Private Lynch 16 19 13 — 48 . Evans 17 14 13 — 44 Geary 14 14 11 — 39 Total 131 English. Sergeant Gee 18 17 16 — 51 Foskett ... 13 14 ' 10. — 37 Coir. -sergeant Marshall 14 12 2 — 28 Total 116 Scotch. Private "VVark ... ... 13 18 12 — 43 Corporal Griffiths ... 13 17 6 — 36 Lieutenant Johnson ... 12 9 9 — 30 Total ... 109 Australians. Private Bice 14 16 7 — 37 Sergeant Brewster ... 14 16 6 — 36 Ensign D'Arietta 12 12 9 — 33 Total i 106 the town hall mystery. The Sydney correspondent of the Tamworth Examiner makes some smart remarks, half- jocose but indignantly earnest, on the above subject. "For a considerable time past," he writes, " the Corporation of Sydney has not se cured either the respect ' or admiration of the j t citizens. It is generally looked upon as 'a head-centre' of jobbery and peculation. Still, as most, if not all, of the aldermen are men of fair civic standing, and above the imputation of being absolutely dishonest and unlettered, they were mercifully tolerated. Facts, however, have recently come to light, which throw grave sus picion on the extent and activity of the intelli gence, to say nothing about jobs, which regulates city affairs. The very sanctum of his Worship the Mayor, as well as the meaner'penetralia of his officials, has been invaded by a desperate in dividual doors have been opened by skeleton keys-— desks have been broken into— important documents have been stolen, and others muti lated—an affiche has been posted up, intimating, under the signature 'The Destroying Angel,' that .further outrages of a similar kind will be perpetrated— and, most, remarkable fact of all, neither the Mayor and Aldermen, with the whole posse of officials, nor the experts and adepts of the Detective Force, can discover the delinquent. He sSehis to be an abstraction or a Deniliqfiin ghost. He comes when he lists, and destroys what he likes; but remains impalpable. "Re wards have been offered, but the agent of mis chief is not yet denounced. It is said that Mr. Joe Raphael has gone to a spiritual medium, a very distant relative of the Witch of Endor, to get even a rappist clue to the person ality of the offender; but all in vain. The great Oriental Diviner, who eases amatory servant-girls of their superfluous sixpences by his divinations, has been consulted, but his horoscopic interpretations only make the mystery deeper, if they do not actually throw suspicion on one of the aldermen themselves. The un thinking public affix the blame on some poor scapegoat of a clerk in the office, and the Mayor seems to think that the public opinion is a safe guide ; for he has suspended a clerk, pending inquiries. There is a great hubbub about this hnsinpss. arirl tho mnof — mvow CKiKJi. VAlLlCbi J" rumors are rife. Since the detectives have billeted one of their body on the Town Hall, no mischief has been done. The "Destroying Angel," however, seems to have been perfectly aware that a peeler, in disguise, had been assigned to this service ; so he awaits his opportunity to continue his destructive amusement hereafter with impunity. This affair is likely to equal the great Bently case as' a theme for discussion, suggestion, animadversion, and detraction. The Mayor, Mr. Chapman, looks ten years older since the first outrage was perpetrated. In the threatening letter, left -in Mr. Bradridge's office, one gets a slight clue to the mental character of the delinquent.' He appears by his idiomatic language to be a native Australian, of fast habits, while his hand- writing strangely indicates old age or constitutional nervousnness. . No doubt the hand- writing is cunningly disguised ; but the structure of the language points unmis- takeably to one class of mind in the metropolitan, community. Should any elucidation on these mysterious, daring doings be given, I will be sure to note it for the delectation of those of my readers, who believe 'that fact is sometimes stronger and stranger than fiction." Very true; indeed ! floreat eucalyptus ! We have already drawn attention to ' the medicinal and other properties of Australian gum-trees, one variety of which (the blue-gum) is being extensively cultivated in the French settlement in Africa. In a late number of the Lancet we find some interesting particulars on this variety. The Euclayptus, it states, is a myrtaceous tree, a native of Australia, but recently cultivated in Corsica and South Europe. On account of its supposed efficacy in marsh and other fevers, it has already gained the name of " Fever Tree " in Spain. Dr. Lornister, of Vienna, reports that he employed it in the treatment of intermittent fever with success. Professor Gubler has also etrougly recommended this remedy in the Bulletin de Titer apeutique as a tonic and stimulant. It has also been used in bronchitis, and as an antiseptic applica tion to wounds. The eucalyptus has been sub jected to extensive trial in Corsica by Dr. Car- lotti, and his very favorable report has been translated into English. From this report we learn that the whole of this giant tree is strongly impregnated with febrifugal properties. He has used leaves, barb, and wood with success. Pro fessor Maclean, of Netley, has also furnished us with his experience of this drug in the October number of the Practitioner. Cigars made from the leaves of this plant have been employed in cases where the use of antispasmodic remedies has been indicated ; and Dr. Maclean says, as the result of his experience at Netley, that he knows of no remedy, with the exception perhaps of the subcutaneous injection of morphia, so effectual in allaying pain, calming irritation, and procuring sleep, in cases of chest aneurism involving pressure on the vagus or its branches, and in cardiac asthma, as the eucalyptus gle- bulus. A tincture of the leaf has been used in two-drachm doses with success in Germany in the treatment of intermittent fever. By » recommendation from the Minister of the In terior the" eucalyptus„was subjected to analysis by Professors Vanquelin and Leiciana. ' They obtained, besides an essential oil containing: eucalyptal or eucalypt camphor, an extract resembling resin of chinchona. . This extract ' yielded a substance capable of neutralizing ths strong acids, and forming crystalline salts. The sulphate crystalized in stars, like -the quinine salt ; this induced them to try the action off " chlorine and ammonia on this substance, and the green coloration of quinine was instantly produced. It would bekmrious if quinine should be found in other trees than cinchonas. The oil has a lemon-yellow color, but in other respects it strongly resembles cajeput oil. As its alkaloid and therapeutic uses resemble cinchona, it has; been given in similar doses. amateur soldiering. While commending the zeal and efficiency off our Volunteers, we trust the thing will not be overdone. It is being overdone — more especially in reference to "boy-soldiering." The following observations from the Sydney correspondent of a- country journal meet our approbation: "The re cent ordinance of the Board of Education," he- writes, " requiring teachers within a certain dis tance to go at certain times to be drilled, etc. has attracted some attention and comment. For ourselves, we do not believe in this Germanic tendency; it is not founded on rational grounds Were the object the development of the body of pupils, there could only be cordial acquiescence; but the fact is, that the present system of drill, viz., manoeuvres, exerts no such beneficial influl ence, but quite the reverse, as any one may per ceive on examining the grammar-school cadets here, whose slouching walk and depressed shoulders show the positive injury inflicted by navmg a heavy rifle in hand. The ill effects off the present system, we may add, were very con spicuous on the occasion of the' last review off volunteers at Moore's Park, where the awkward march and forward lean of the body, in many ' instances, were, from a military view, something fearful." A certain amount of drill is desirable; but when valuable study-time is exclusively de- . " voted to it, it becomes a nuisance and a mis take. d arlin ghurst gaol. On Tuesday afternoon, his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson and Captain Beauchamp St . John; his Excellency's Aide-de-camp, visited the gaol at Darlinghurst. His Excellency was alsa accompanied by the Premier. The party were received at the gaol by the Sheriff (Mr. Harold Maclean), the governor (Mr. John Cecil,,, Reid) and the Rev. Canon Rich (the visiting chaplain). The party went through the whole of this exten sive and well-ordered establishment, and spent some time in examining the arrangements of the new wing, where are placed the dark cells, con demned cells, &c.; This part of the gaol has been built entirely by prison labor, and appears to be greatly superior to any of the older structures int. the enclosure. There are, in all, 138 cells in the new building, some of which can, when necessary be made to accommodate three prisoners. The party then passed thrdugh the stonecutter's yard, the blacksmith's shop, the work-rooms for brush- makers, shoemakers, tailors, painters, turners, carpenters, bookbinders, weavers, matmakers, &c.; The sounds of industry which we have- heard throughout the establishment were sugges tive rather of the idea of an extensive factory than of a prison. According to the discipline which prevails in this gaol— which would appear to be equal to some of the best managed prisons of the old country — the convicts are all put to- some description of manual labor, and most of those who remain for any length of time are taught some one or other of the before-mentioned trades, so that, by the time they leave the gaol, they have acquired the means of earning a a honest livelihood, and are furnished with a small gratuity, the proceeds of their labor, to place them beyond the reach of immediate temptation. The yearly cost of the gaol at Darlinghurst is about £16,000. The total earnings of prisoners for the last year was estimated at £9,940 ; and .the net earnings for the half-year paid into the Treasury were £3,288 16s. lOd. If a deduction weie maae for the cost of the large number of prisoners who are confined only for short periods, . for those awaiting trial, sick in hospital, and other services, it is said that the proceeds of the labour of the rest of the prisoners would recoup the expenditure which the State incurs in their behalf. His Excellency also visited the bath- .rooms, the stores, the school, and the kitchen, where he had the privilege, and perhaps the pleasure, of tasting some hominy the piece de resistance of prison fare-— the fattening properties of which he must have seen fully attested by the sleek and portly appearance of the inmates. The parjty were also town through the prison for women by the '-matron in charge ; and, before returning to Sydney, they went over the receiving-house for the Insane, opposite the gaol. The total number of prisoners in Darlinghurst gaol is 565, of whom 371 are employed. The carpenters, learners, and \- assistants, number 19 ; blacksmiths ditto, 13 ; stonecutters ditto, 21 ; laborers, 93 ; matmakers, j 31 ; tailors, 15 ; shoemakers, 20 ; sweeps and , cleaners, 53 ; oakum pickers, 16. The classifica tion of the prisoners is as follows : Awaiting trial, 20 ; for examination, 2 ; in transit, 3 ; I debtors, 1. Under sentence : One month and I less, 89 ; not exceeding six months, 89 ; not ex- I ceeding twelve months, 73 ; exceeding twelve months, 288. Of the 565 confinees, 122 are I women. j MORGAN'S FACTORY AT STANMORE. , Whoever visits Stanmore, whether on business /_ or pleasure, is sure to be repaid in some shape or other. He will, at events, have the oppor tunity of seeing one of the most charming of our suburban landscapes — a lightly timbered dale, dotted with pretty cottages and a few villas; while on the south-eastern elevation the 2>old facade and shadowy woods of the Warren appear. We blended the useful with the agree able, on Thursday last, when we visited Mr. L- Morgan's factory at Stanmore, in the locality just described. We were as much gratified as surprised at the character and extent of his . Aiwratinns fW well as the fiend e.lannliriAss wifh i. , O ' < L — which everything is performed. We were let into the mysteries (which we shall not divulge) -of spicing beef, potting meats, rectifying vinegar, pickling several kinds of vegetable products, decocting sarsaparilla, pulverising curry, making lime-juice, blacking, and sundry cordials, as well as extracting the essence of celeiy. Mr. Morgan is a thorough adept in the what may bo called the chemistry of the pantry, and must be held in high estimation by housewives and cooks for his sauce. We cer tainly hold him worthy of commendation for his energy and ability, and can assure our city readers that a visit to his factory will amply vepay them. MISCELLANEOUS. ' The Rev. Stephen Rabone, Wesleyan minister, jaged 62, died" suddenly, on his way to chapel, last Sunday evening. The colliers of Newcastle, with the exception ©f the Lambton men, have struck. Their de mand of 6d. per ton is equitable. The Queen's Exequatur empowering Mr. Carlos JKramer Walter to act as Consul for Germany at j Newcastle, has received her Majesty's signature. The self-constituted reformers of our Licensing Jsystem held a " Conference" on Monday, at i which the usual amount of " tall" talk was ex pended, i The project to found a Bushman's Home in this city is falling through, in consequence of armt.hv nf the citizens. Onlv. £60 have been received ; at least £200 is wanted to begin. Edgar Mortard, the Roman Jew Convert to Catholicism, about whom so much excitement was caused a few years ago, is on his way to Australia. He comes out as a missionary priest. Mr. Gerard Krefft has just mounted the skele ton of a whale in the Sydney Museum. He de sires to draw the attention of his Wollongong friends to the fact that one large bone and a number of teeth are still missing to make this ' grand skeleton quite complete, and that a fair price will be given for these portions when de livered to him. On Saturday afternoon, 20th instant, a seaman of H.M.S. Dido inflicted a severe injury on the Jtead Of senior-constable Brad well, of No. 4 Jkflice Division, while that officer was in the Discharge of his duty, by throwing down on him, > S3 he stood with sergeant Dawson in a water- jOMsn's boat, alongside the Dido, a heavy object, ' which is believed to have been a lump of iron. The shark killing industry is being actively pursued by two fishermen, named Peel and Pei£ kins, i- u the waters of Port Jackson. They ex tract tine oil, and sell the fins to Chinamen. On Saturday,,, they caught two, which are being ex hibited at .Blue's Point. The specimens are rare ©nes, none ©f the species having been seen in the harbour for several years. , A boy nai tied Lindsay was" run over by the bind wheel oie an omnibus, on Monday, at Pad- riington. It appeared that he was taking a dinner to his bi 'other, who was a 'bus conductor, and, when get ting on to the vehicle, his leg, caught betw een the spokes of the wheel, and he was throw, i down, the wheel passing over Die groin. -He wa s takers to the Infirmary, but was found to have et leaped serious injury. In an hour or two he was se tit home to his friends. The Government Gazette, of the 19 th, contains Die following appointi uents : Senior-sergeant . Carter, 'to be an Acting S.'Jb-inspector of Police, Mr. James Mair, P.M., to be Coroner for the .district of Menindee ; Mr. Walter George Mason, J>Q be Coroner for the NambucVa and Bellinger I districts ; and Mr. Frederick Marsh, J.P., to be I Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for the dis- I trict of Wellington, vice Keightley, resigned. I Mr. J. W. Allworth, to be a Second-class Sur- I veyor, vice E. J. H. Knapp. I Rewards have been offered by the Government J in the following cases of arson : In the case of the fire at Wyong Creek, on 24th May last, the Government offer £25 reward for such informa tion as will lead to the apprehension and con viction of the guilty person or persons ; £25 in the case of the burning of the Public School at Cedar Brush, near Stroud, on the 22nd May > and £35 in the case of the fire on the premises of Isaac Israel, in Goulburn Street, on the 24th j ultimo. " The Hon. the Postmaster-General received the I rouowmg telegram on Saturday, 19th instant, j I from Mr. C. Todd, Superintendent of Telegraphs, J South Australia : " Attack Creek, 19th July. Latitude, 19. Overland telegraph was progress ing rapidly. Expect to have gap of only sixty miles first week in August, when EstaHte will run three times a week. Wire communication right through by end of August, or first week in September. Shall strengthen line next year with large number of iron posts.'' The three men, Joseph Armstrong, Solomon M'Carty, and William' Turner, respectively des cribed as master, mate, and seaman, of the British vessel Carl, who were brought up at the Water Police Crmrt last, Sn.ivnrdav c.hn.ro- ed with 1 — — — — — — J f the wilful murder of a man, name unknown, on board the Carl, and remanded for a week, ap peared iu the dock again on Saturday. Detec tive Elliott prayed for a further remand, on the ground that a material witness in the case — Dr. Murray, who is in charge of the small-pox sana torium at Sandhurst — could not be got to attend sooner than in eight days. A remand for a week I was granted. Bail was refused. The monthly meeting of the Royal Society of New South Wales was held on Wednesday even ing, in the Chamber of Commerce, Bridge Street. The Rev. Dr. Lang officiated as chairman. Up wards of fifty members were in attendance. The minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The following gentlemen were balloted for and elected .members of the society: Right Rev. Dr. Marsden, Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. William Crosby I Morgan, Hon. James Squire Farnell, Minister for Lands, Rev. Waldyve W. Tarleton, B.A., and George Milner Stephen, B.A., F.G.S. The Rev. I Thomas Horton then read a scientific and in structive paper, entitled " A suggestion for an improvement in the projection of maps." "Votes of .thanks were awarded to the lecturer and chairman. A few new members were pro posed. A meeting of the members of the Chamber of Commerce of New South Wales was held, at the Exchange, on Monday afternoon ; George King, Esq., in the chair. ' The object for which it was convened, as publicly announced, was to consider the expediency of suggesting ' that the British Government be applied to, through the Colonial Government, to sanction the issue of a coinage of 5s. and 7s. 6d. pieces in gold. It was finally resolved, after a short conversational discussion, that the meeting should be adjourned to' a future j day, hereafter to be named, in Order that the secretary of the chamber might have an oppor tunity of communicatiug with Mr. Elouis, the deputy master of the Sydney Mint, so as to enable him to prepare some information on the subject when the next meeting was called. Benjamin Baker was apprehended at Hill End on the 6th July, on a warrant issued from this Court, in which he stands charged that he did in Sydney, on the 28th May, feloniously steal and take away a horse, a dray, and a set of harness, valued at £8, the property of Samuel Elliott; he pointed out to constable Melville, who apprehended him, a brown mare, a dray, and a set of harness; the dray Was bogged, and he harnessed the mare (which was in his tent) to the dray, and the property was produced at the Police Court, Hill End, on the 8th July; prisoner said that his wife held a receipt for the mare. The Police Magistrate remanded the prisoner to Sydney, and he was on the 18th brought before this Bench by sergeant Lee, who produced the deposition and remand warrant from Hill End, which, as well as the prisoner were handed to him on the previous evening by a sergeant of the Bathurst police. He was then remanded, on sergeant Lee's application, until to-day. This morning sergeant Lee applied for a further remand, on the ground that the horse, dray, and harness had not arrived from Hill End. Remanded until Friday (yesterday). About a quarter past 1 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, a man named Thomas Ferbrache, a master sail-maker at the Market Wharf, whilst in the act of coming down stairs from the loft of his store, fell to the bottom of the stairs, and suffered injuries which shortly afterwards re sulted in his death. Joseph Steele, the wharf inger, being close to Ferfirache's store, abput the time referred to, heard a noise like that caused by crockery breaking. This caused him to go into the store, where he found Ferbrache lying at the foot of the stairs (which are so built as to afford tbut an insecure footing' at best) while, close by, were the fragments of a delf basin, which, it is supposed, Mr. Ferbrache had in his hand when he fell. Steele, having obtained as sistance, removed Mr. Ferbrache to the Maitland and Morpeth Hotel, on the Market Wharf. Dr. Dansey was sent for, but Ferbrache died within ten minutes after his arrival. The body was afterwards removed to Ferbrache's residence in Mill Street, Pyrmont. Ferbrache leaves a widow I and four children. He was about 30 years of age. No one appears to have been in Ferbrache's store at the time of the occurrence. The City ooroner held an inquest on Wendesday. Mr. W. D. Cavanough (how did he arrive at this orthography?) writes to the Empire of Thursday as follows: " I am compelled to notice two letters which appeared in recent numbers of Empire respecting the shaving of Lester's head. Some days subsequent to this, Mr. Parkes, in answer to certain questions put by Mr. Raphael iu the Legislative Assembly, made a substantially similar statement. Who Mr. Parkes' informant was I am unable to say. I certainly held no correspondence either directly or indirectly with that gentleman in reference to this subject, and 1 am in no way responsible for the answer he cave Mr. Ranhael. One of the letters above referred to, signed 'Walter M'Gill' and 'J. J. Leslie,' contains a denial of Mr. Parkes' state ment and my own. In the other letter it is alleged that I made the statement iu the pre sence of the writer, ' A Lover of Truth,' and Mr. Leslie. Were I to remain silent with regard to these letters, I would rest under the imputation of having wilfully circulated a false report. This is the opinion at present prevailing in the city. In justice to myself, therefore, I am bound to state the truth, which is, that Mr. Roseby did shave a portion of Lester's head— the front. He was requested to do so, to facilitate the taking the casts of the two men. I refer to the subject now for the purpose of satisfying a large num ber of persons whose esteem I value, that there is really no reason for impugning my veracity in relation to it." , Mr. Hoskins asked th© Secretary for Public | Works the following questions in the Assembly, on Wednesday last, and obtained the important information appended: " 1. What was the total amount of tonnage of goods or merchandise re ceived at the Picton and Mount Victoria railway stations respectively, during the six months end ing June 31st, 1872, and the amount of cash re ceived for the conveyance of such goods or merchandise- forwarded by railway to those stations ? 2. What was the total amount charge able as freight for the conveyance of stock, pro duce, and merchandise forwarded from the Picton and Mount Victoria railway stations respectively, for the six months ending June 31st, 1872 ? 3. How many persons are employed in the traffic branch of the Railway Department at the Picton and Mount Victoria stations re spectively? 4. What are the names of the per sons so employed, and the amount of their respective salaries and allowances ?" Mr. Parkes ! answered: " 1. Picton, 356 tons; receipts for the same, £352 18s. 7d.j Mount Qictoria, 1,681 tons; receipts, £451 16s. Id. 2. Picton, produce and merchandise, £483 12s. Id.; stock, £102 0s. 10d.; Mount Victoria — merchandise, £2022 16s. 3d., and stock £68 17s. 5d. 3. Picton, 7; Mount Victoria, 3. 4. Picton — Thomas Giblin, station- master, £190 a year, with £25 a year as inspec tor, and £50 a year in lieu of house rent; W. H. Neale, clerk, 6s. 6d. a day, no allowance; James Byrne, platform man, 6s. 6d. a day, no allowance; James Shannan, head porter, 7s. a day, no allowance; Elias Baker, porter, 6s. 6d a day, no allowance; Alexander. Barnet, gate keeper, 30s. a week, no allowance; John Porter night watchman, 5s. 9d. a day, no allowance. xuuuuu vmuuiia, — oonu iNorman, station-master, £166 a year, with £25 a year as inspector, and house; W. M. Riley, clerk, 6s. 6d. a day, no allowance; Thomas Brown, shunter, 7s.\6d. a day, no allowance; Robert Bassett, pointsman, 5s. 9d. a day, no allowance. 