CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of Synod was opened at St. Paul's Church, on Monday morning, May 6, when the Holy Communion was administered to 20 of the clergy, and about on equal number of Hymen, by Hu Lordship the Bishop (Dr. Short), who afterwards read the following ?BHEU ABDBBjSa. . "Bev. and dear Brethren—The sudden fall of the Temporal Papacy, sad the political de «Hn« «* .*??•? g~* Powers—France, Austria, and f pain—by which it bad previously been sustained, naturally led me in ay address last Tsar to consider what might be the effeot on tiw Christian world at large of that great catas trophe; what prospect it opened for reform -within the pale of the Latin Church; and of reconciliation between it and tie Greek Com manna, as wall those bodies which sprang from \ the bosom of the Reformation. ' "The attempt to rivet on the minds and hearts of all Roman Catholics a compulsory unity of thought and belief by the novel dogma of Papal Infallibility as might be expected, raised up enquiry and resistance in every part of the "Roman obedience.' And on the other hand,a strong yearning for closer fellowship in the Gospel has unmistakably manifested itself among the various Reformed communions. We haw seen, for instance, Prelates of our own Church in Scotland ministering in the churches not the Presbyterian Establishment, and amid the graves of the Covenanters, around the old Grey Friars' Church in Edinburgh, the Dean of Westminster has preached on the new com mandmeni of Ohriist 'to k>va oM uother as He loved us.' That seed, so low buried in the earth, has at length gcsmi?ated, and pot forth ? vfaroroas though jist tender blade. It still ■MS th* continual dew of God's blessinf ere «h?«sf shall ripen into an abundant harvest • ?*3ne crowing fellowship amongst thePres- VyWMLiodias-whether 8004^ English, or Irish—whether Baptist. Congregational, or Methodist in denomination-has not eatuped aqwlaae. By interchange of pulpits, by fel liissjihi in prayer, by holy oommnnkm oement tng satOtvangrilloaf fciliannw, by joining together . J«#sfr*?iioosCfcarok solemnities and chari table institutions, staadug side by side on the psatM^akdroriJmsl principles of separation aessn to have retired into the background, and tfafr specialties of dogmatic opinion or Ohureh otder pcactiesl^ reduced to comparative inaig nifieaaos. «Wnereto they have attained, they walk by tile same rule.' "Sorely the Ohureh of England may learn a valuableWon from these their brethren after tin eommon faith. Let us rightly appreciate their crowing fellowship; letus imitate their MJfasJ onnsfairaaon aad bearing one with aaatbsr. \- ""Xndsed, there are not wanting many cheer ing signs of a Htoyeaaiag for outward as well Mspiritual unsiamty among the more earnest. of k?OwnuSvanceScal,Broad,aiid High Church. Mla proof of tiiis assertion I would point to a late address «f the Bev. J. O. Brie, that WtaWwprns?ising^ef?ndsr «f KynrJical pria sinbs. It was lead at Islington, to an assembly ofSCSdergr, a* tJie 46aTannual mestSTof «isir&ssjoSatio;&. To him iad been assianed the &atr; of openms; that most interesting topic' of dntensrion, 'Oan*greater amount of unity he obtained among zealous and pious Church-: M of different schools ol thought f aad he' laid down five admirable rules for bringing about this most desirable end:-'L To colti-, vats tbe habit of recognising the grace of God: sod lore to Christ, wherever that grace and' Imatetobe found. 2. Of speaking oharitably s^esarteouslyof those who disagree with us.' *,Of acqnainling ourselves aocurately with -Oir real opinions and phraseology of other. Mhseb of tiio-g'.t* 4. Of meeting men of JsjisnttcraoL ■. 3 on neutzal ground, 5. Of fsj|jarsltiit in i?romoting good Ejects, whether sjift'fe?poxal or f—f'-frmipflrf^ *-«i^ ' as isjl**.ij iniiiiiui in epidemios or nhiritnr-lTi. ?stt^f .tiie sterving^pulations of £aris^>r aotiag dsi these rules much of file sjejMisato^?sion-Banong<3hurchmen would dis- 1 appear. r The t fway also would be paved, far «£saffe?owship witiL those who 'hiding &e; fasaV yet seem to us open to the charge of aeverias; the body of ChristTand assuuung dds- SmeOx? apjieThtfont. productire at Itast of tssrimttfanaTif not of strife. The time will jHrisKps arrive when « further step, which Mr. JBtjfa xeoommends, might be wisely takan, asmafy, procuring trSZe I !msetin*T ** «he >^afiM^^^^.^OhSbat Mi *aut AM *T?sQ|fl|fft* miirli t th^lS SjpnTOaflh I?Mjh "osher. The Episoopalian and Presbyterian by this jneans harmonise differences. The resHsmm of irreeonnflabfa i!tssi.iiisiiiwiil would 'ha found perhaps among 'erthodox Christians iniMteahnally small eompared with its seeming sajsttat theoiogiaal discussions are carried on with mote of Christian oourtesy, although re- Bj^oos «astvistiotts «re held with ao less tenacity nan eT yore.- Whatever appears to the in dividual mind unwarranted by Bcripture, or at variance -with Apostolic order, is condemned without oomrinwiisn orheaitatinp. BtiD, men jodge nothing of each other before the time, and thus raHghtamnd mason has, a better chance of nuking its roue heard, amid the strife of tomgaas,. Points at issue we men likely to be duly weighed aad reduced to their proper pro. M*taa,*meb latent unity of thought end feeting wfll thus probably be brought to tight, and something man than an onion of ■ eo?apfSS?ise or indifference established. Me Byle eVased his speech in these emphstio *ttastfc, ffciHnm aad txtethren. let us. long for Hajty. fiiy for unity, work for unity, make afislsmfor unity, with all pious, aadzealous, aad fenaitt* Obnrshmes> by whatever name tiaeymaybees?ed; but never lat our tiiirst for unity tempt us to ionshe oar .old evangelical principles.' '- When we icfleot on the waste of lone, time, and money occasio&ed; by the over lapjaag- of Christian agencie* in the work of pro pagating the Gospel, tiie diffieuldn thrown in the way of missions among the heathens by such variety, the spirit of rivalry and amount of self opiafen whioh they jragender, aad -finally, their palpable antegonism to the prayer of our Xord far Hb Apostles and *all who should believe thiaaghjheir word, that they might be one;' if,f aanwereleet oa these things WBahaU be ■sjar? asOhnrokmea,andtofaeaiteteasfara>weoan Oe Jpiniag together again and oompacting of «taj>hsle b^Twfiish.Ohriatiis'ths?ead. AshanssiauOreed. Duringthelasttwelvemonth attention has bean again awakened to tiiis forma, bmr; as «sasmg many to stand aloof from our Qborch. It is used thirteen times in her service dsjrins the year, and in -the 6th Article it is said Jfca* ttinaybe proved by most certain warranty •f fenplbixe.' Admitting this to be true of the auhsisawe of tiudostrin*, are the damnatory or atoaitery eUassa necessary! If so, -why did they?otfindap]aeeinthetwo esriarOreads' "That God is revealed to us in Trinity of Person yet One in essence is evident from the Mme into which we are baptised of Father, Sarvand Holy Ghost This is tiie meannigof Oesfew Testament as interpreted bythecon asatiwit witness of the Church from the begin, nfn*> «or is it uncharitable if, tj« ' the- pillar and pound of the tenth,' she warns ell men of their .danger in neglecting, mutilating, or cor. roptiag the faith nesessary for salvation. Love itself bids as, when we see anyone sin 'a sin unto death,' warn him sharply of his danger. Ksre than thkoax Churoh does not wish to do. It i« too, substance of the faith for which she oontends. This is plain from the Bnkrio— 'The condemning clsnses are to be understood as rfJating only to those who obstinately deny te«*h*ta?osof tteOhrirtianfaith,'aonghtto be SstndMed in 1«89 by the Boyal Oomssis sjoaaniW4he nvidssi of the liturgy; sdsp by ftefoUowing note, reeommended by a majority of theJato?ttadCf rtsmestiaiis hi aas confession of faith are to be no otherwise understood than as a solemn .." Pot jjuoh dojmtie interpretations-of Passages in the Prayer-book are dagerous in principle and unsatisfactory in effect, for they Surely what the Church teaches it should teach tn no uncertain terms. .Rather than omit the Creed I would erase the nlsn'sns which have no place in the Nicene formulary On this point the history of the Creed becomes of importance, and we may fairly refuse to accept the dogmatic decrees of the eighth century, pr even the fifth, consistently with the due deference we pay to the mind of the Church, which bears the stamp of Apostolic antiquity and Catholic consent ** srsepasad* Alterslso? xn thvx^xy?r-boolc.— - The Arafebishop and Bishops havs proposed to Oonvoeaaon.aplan for givuggreater •lastiaty aad variety totheservieesofour.Litargy. The order of morning and evening praysr-is-left un touched, but it Is proposed to allow to Incum bents, with approval of the Bishop, free selec tion of Psalms, lessen*, and prayers from th. Prayer-book for a third aerrioeon the Lor.i'< Day; also to authorise the separate use of the litany and other services, and to abbreviate the daily prayer by omission of certain parts. "These changes will be weloome to many who delight to frequent daily the house of prayer, yet are tied down to fixad hours of business. They may also remove objeotiens to liturgical forms rendered too rigid and onadaptire by the Act of Uniformity. Thus may be brought about a wider acceptance of the Book of Common Prayer. Already, it is stated by the Press that the new Leotionary has been ap proved and sanctioned among the Wesleyan Methodists. As education becomes more general and higher in its character, devotional taste will demand that congregational prayer shall olothe itielf with language suited to the greatness and solemnity of the oooasion. And what language can surpass in strength and fer vency that of our Prayer-book 1 " English Education Act —An unexpected cause of variance has sprung ap at home in the Education Act When the Imperial Govern ment seriously grappled with the question of national education, it was, I think, wisely de termined to make use of the voluntary agencies then at work. Accordingly, it made grants in aid impartially to the British and Foreign or National Society schools, or those established by the different denominations. It wms then determined to remove this burden from the general revenue to local rates to be dispensed by local School Boards. Hence has arisen the dissension. Denominational «i«i™« to share in the nte became distasteful to many ratepayers; and as the Church of England by the superior number of its yrhftftis and scholars absorbed the larger portion of the rate, hence the opponents of the Established Church took occasion to assail the Education Act known as Mr. Footer's. " Education Act for Sooth Australia In this colony there is no legal connection between Church and State. In a thinly-peopled country very widely settled it can hardly be expse^ea that private funds or individual effort can pro vide the means of general education. In oentres of population much may be done by voluntary effort; but in the rural districts and outlying townships it needs all the funds the Legislature can provide and the State administer in order to secure the elementary training of its future xitisens. "Nor in the variety of denominations and their intermixture in a scanty population can the system known as 'payment oy results' be brought into effective action. Believing firmly, however, in the Parochial School, carried on under the eye and discipline of the parochial minister, I nevertheless must acknowledge tile, right of the Government to direct the educa tion wherever it appropriates public money in aid of the Teacher. Ido not, therefore, think that in this oolony denominational schools should be carried on by grants oat of the ge neral revenue or by local rates. It would be deplorable, however, if in all Government schools the use of prayers and Scripture read •ing were prohibited. The genuine school master will sever fail to avail t?m«?lf of the powar of God's truth and the voice of prayer to form tile tone of his scholars and regulate their behavior. "To my rev. brethren, then, I would say, 'Baise up an your parochial school in oanneetion with your Ohuroh. Try to induce your people to eon sider the education of the young of the flock as put of their parochial OhorehJife, and of their patter's core of souls. This may well form part of their alms snd offerings, to the glory of God and benefit of their poorer neighbors. I would only add that respect for eonseUmtious scruples should ever distinguish Church schools, aad win for them the confidence of those who axe attached to other bodies.' *' Denominational Schoolrooms. —In the dearth of. sobool-building? belonging to the State in this colony, and the' inability of the Government to provide adequately for the educational wants of the population, it might be well to act on the plan adopted by the Manchester .Education League—vie, to aooept the use of denominational schoolrooms for certain Government education hours, leaving the Trustees- to make such provision for reli gious instruction before and after those hours as they shall think fit Such "was the plan adopted by *h« Corporation of the Pol teney-street School last year, but it faflsa >t?'moom acceptance. In the inte rest;-fcowever, both of secular and religious •dotation in this colony, it may be ad visable to -acton the above plan—not as the best poacble, but as the only one practicable. The Ohuroh and State would stand indepen jdent of -<9ioh ojher, yet not in. hostile attitude, but rather landing each other support Con science would a* aUevroto be respected. The Protestant child might avail himself of the voluntary provision for Scripture reading and pra-yer. The. Bomao Catholic need only use the swMriareduoation. Oaa unspeakable advantage would thus be gained. The poison of sectarian bigotry would not be imbibed in the guileless jbottrs of childhood. The future citirans of this ooutryrwoald grow up together in habits of frimtdlj intercourse, nor would differing views «f reli£ioas : daty_ sever the «^™«*«??i-«> links of friendship weUed together in the glowing fire of cftriy affection. . • "The Beformstion set in movement by buftar wm In iU yog natafo flombatise. It contained,,in ttaeli the principle of endless division, feaijea on the sovereignty of the indi vidual coTmnianne. Bat if combative, it was also expansive in its zeal, and productive every where of civil and religious liberty. The Anglo- Saxon races owe to this their independence of thought and their •elf-reliant character. The only danger is lest liberty should lose itself in n«^?nno l and the Communion of the saints on exr£h he forgotten in the exercise «f private yi^sjpfWP^ , "Ot jA∈ the VaUsy of Vision the breath of tbe Opiat caused evea dry bones to come! together, clothing them with sinews and flesh, until thex stood np an exceeding mat army. J6>en so from all parts of Christendom, sad in aU sections of the body of Christ, there are souls ntoWdJby the Spirit of God, sighing for Test aadptface snd fellowship one with another in the yGospel of Christ—the DoUingers and Hsscmthes—sntbls to build op their faith on tJlttaoTel basis of Boman infallibility; yet, weary of the strife of tangoes set loose •yAaividaal judgment, and issuing in the i anvil ssintygfprivate opinion. The old Catholic patty,, like, the Befonnsn of the Ohuroh of Xngland, are seeking, in the witness of the Primitive Church teti>e Holy flciiptiucs ; in ih? consentient interpretation of. them testified by tile eariiesC creeds and*4he ianti-Nioene -Fathers: in the antiquity and universality of traditions truly Apostolic, a reasonable and assured ground for their beliefs. We wait with patience for the issue, as we watch the progress of that move, ment in enlightened Germany. That light will prevail over darkness and Scriptural truth over human inventions none can doubt who believes that Christ as a Son reigns over the household of God, sad that by His Spirit the whole body of the Ohuroh is governed snd sanctified. In witness of the spirit of unity now prevailing among the Protestant Churches, I have to call your attention to a proposition emanating from members of our Church at home, and approved by M. Merle D'Aubigne, viz., to devote a week to special prayer daring this month of May for the increase in ourselves and amongst Protes tants of personal religion ; for successful resis tance to and victory over Infidelity and Ra tionalism ; and, finally, that Roman additions to the Gospel and Church of Christ may be taken away by the conversion of many of that com munion, who, believing in God, know not where to find teachers that shall lead them to the foun tains of living water instead of the broken cis terns of human invention. Believing that the Apostles reoeired plenary authority to build ap the Kingdom of Christ, and full instructions concerning the tilings of that Kingdom; be lieving also that tile doctrines and order of the Church in which we have been baptised and hare grown ap, tested by Scripture and Ohuroh history, are, as near as may be, in accordance with those of the sub-Apostolio age in the first century, we dare not treat them as matters in different, to be compromised away or openly abandoned. ''Not, then, in the spirit of worldly pride or sectarian bigotry, but conscientiously, we held them, because they afford, the best basis of friendly reconciliation among the Churches, and of resisting on the one bind the assaults of Rationalism, and on the other the usurpa tions of Tntramoatane?omanism. :''Oenerri'Oonferenej? itt Sydney.—Another illustration of this longing for unity is afforded by the proposed meeting in September next of the Bishops of the Australasian dioceses, with representatives from the several Synods, in Convention at Sydney—a measure long desired by tins Synod, and which, by God's blessing, may strengthen our hands in working for Christ and His kingdom, as well as cheering our hearts by brotherly sympathy in tile bonds of tiie Gospel. "A. "Adelaide." "In illustration of his third role Mr. Byle instances the misunderstanding caused by the use of 'Begenantion' and 'Seal Presence' in quite different senses. By regeneratioii many Episcopalians understand 'admission to ths privileges of the. covenant in Christ' The Bishe> of the Amerftan Episcopal Churchl at the late Convention, declared 'that in their opinion the word "regenerate" used in the "offices for the ministration of baptism for infants" is not there so used as to determine that a moral change in the subject of baptism is wrought in the sacrament,' in which sense it is very generally used in modern theology. Again, by 'Real Presence' is popularly understood a local and material presence. But a spiritual presence is just as real as a material presence. Our communion service, bids the communicant 'feed on Christ in his heart by faith with thanks giving.' Into the metaphysical subtilities on which ' transubstantiation' and ' consubstantia tion' are based our Church does not enter. Of any other than a subjective 'real,' but spiritual 'presence,' our office does not speak. Even those who with the late holy poet Keble dwell on the literal force of the words, 'This is My body,' divest that body of the common property of matter, viz., 'extension in space,' in order that, united with the divine essence, it may be capable of übiquitous presence. How incapable of proof by the evidence of sense such presence is; how presumptuous to dogmatise in the way of 'transubstantiation' or 'consubstantiation,' or to force on reluctant congregations analogous speculative views by ceremonial symbolism, when the Church of England is silent, I think must be apparent to Churchmen in general. By the word "sacrifice' also is not meant by An glicans a reiterated propitiatory offering made once for all at Calvary, but only a commemora tive pleading of tho meritorious death and passion of the one holy victim, offered by him self as the great High Priest on the altar of the cross." - OFFKBTOBT. The offertory at this service, ia aid of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Guarantee Fond, amounted to £4 lls. 3d. BUdmBsTMBETING. The business meeting was held in the after noon in the Church Office, Leigh-street. His Lordship presided. There was a lax^e atten dance of the clergy, and of In j men. THE SYNODAL BOLL. On the roll being called, the following were found to be present :— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Bev. Biehardson Beid, Wm. Gome, B. D. Holmes. Ghristoharoh, North Adelaide—Ven. Arch deaoon Harryat, M.A., J. Bath, W. W. Blyth, J. S. Bellhouse, A, B. Cooper. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Bev. J. Pollitt, J. Williams, G. Colyer, J. K. Hawthorn, B. H. Edmunds. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Bev. Dean Bussell, W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, S. O. Pearson, G. M. Turobnll. St Paul's, Port Adelaide—Eev. S. Green, H. Duncan, t*. D. Omttenden. St. John's, Adelaide—Bev. T. J. Smyth, M.A., W. S. Moore, W. T. Cooper. St. Bartholomew's. Norwood—Bev. W, W. Bwbank, M.A., J. E. Houlden, A. Lloyd. All Saint's, Hindmanh—Bev. H. M. Pollitt, G. H. Catchlove. St. Margaret's, Woodville—Ber. H. V. Pollitt, G. K. DeMole. St. Andrew's, Walkerrille—Ber. Canon Dove, M. A., J. Acraman,C. B. Young. S*. Matthew's, Kensington—Ber. K. Jenkins, E. W. Meredith, J. HowelL . St. George's, Woodforde—Ber. A- Homier, H. P, Denton. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Ber. Hy. Bead, M.A., K. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Ber. W. H. Madie, J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South- road—Ber. J. L. Smith, B. A., E. Thomber. Ohristohoroh, O'Halloran Hill—Ber. J. L. Smith, 8.A., T. J. S. O'Halloran. St. Peter's, CHenelg—Ber. Thos. Field, M.A., B. B. CoUey, N. Blyth. St. Stephen's, Willunga—B. G. Jay. St. James's, Blatiston —Bev. H. J. Poole, M.A., 8./Gray. Ohristchurch, Mount Barker—Ber. H. J. Poole, M.A., J. W. Gower. St ThomsVa, Balhannah—Bev. H. J.|Poole, Thomas Pogh. St. George's, Gawler—Ber. Canon Coombs— W. H. Lewis. Ohristohurah, Kapnada—Ber. J. M. Donald son, Frederio Wicksteed, H. Scott St. Mary's, Kooringa—M. Maodermott. St. Jade's Port Elliot—A. B. Addisofi. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Ber. W. A. Clayfield, W. & Douglas. St. Peter's, Kobe—Eev. H. Howitt, J. A. Fergusson, EL H. Thomas Ohristohurch, Gambierton—A. Blyth, H. K. Hughes. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—K. Blyth, G. W. Hawkes. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Ber. O. W. Morse, Henry Dutton. ■ AU Saints', MoonU—A. 3pence. St. John's, Maoolesfield—Kev. a G. Taplin. St Diary's, Bchonga—Bev. O. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Biverton—John Boaworth. Churches recommended by the Election Com mittee for Union with Synod :— Emsnuel, Chinkford—Bev. 3. Houghton, G. W. Byerlee. St Michael's, Bongaree—Ber. J. A. Boake, 8.A., W. L. Beare. St Barnabas'*, Clare—Eev. J. A. Boake, B. A., J. Hope. Churches not yet in Union with Synod, but included in list to give status to Clergymen:— St John's, Auburn—Kev. 0. W. Haarkins. St John's, Salisbury—Ber. W. Soott Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Ber. B. B. Webb, St Jade's, Brighton—Ber. H. Williams Deacon). St Peter's Collegiate School—Bevs. Canon Fair, M.A., and J. O. Haynes (Deacon). . -, '- ' >B*P6BX OB DIOOEBX. " \- His Lordship read the subjoined report on the state of the' Dioee?e, and placed the sta tistical returns on the table:— The Diocese had, hardly recovered from the loss of l>ean FarreU and Archdeacon Twopeny in 1869, and "was again recruiting the number of its clergy by the accession of the Bevs. O. W. Hawkins, C. G. Taplin, and F. W. Marshall, when, early in 1871, the health of the Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetson gave way. Compelled to relin quish duty for a time, he sought to recover his health by a voyage to New Zealand, The vital powers, however, were fatally impaired,- and on his rstom he lingered, with few i?termJS?ions of pain, until in August he entered into-rsst By ii removal two important eongvegations were left Vithout a pastor, bat by the lririflnc.. of the Archdeacon and Canon Fair, together with the nnflagging seal «f the Lay Beadera, services were supplied, and the Sacraments duly ad ministered until the incumbencies could be filled. 8t Bartholomew's was 'placed under the charge of the Bev. W. W. Ewbank, and the Ber. J. Smyth succeeded to St John's. The separa tion of these' cores has had! a beneficial effect A new parsonage has been already built and oc cupied %i the f ormtr parish, and the congrega tion co?siderably increased. The difficulty of finding an Incumbent for St John's was greatly enhanced by a heavy debt imprudently contracted in building the new^ parsonage, and at the present time a heavy morj?ajjepn.it threatens to alienate both house and garden from the Church. I doubt the pro- I priety, if not the legality, of so Smiling with pro- j perty placed in trust for Church purposes, and, ! at all events, it frustrates the object for which grants were obtained from the -Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Meanwbila, the important core of Eapunda was filled by toe Bev. J.M. Donaldson, late minister of Mortlake, in Victoria, who, I trust, by sh?ity and patience, will overcome the difficul ties inherent in a cuts which comprises a, mining township as veil as a scattered rural popula tion. Two other incumbencies blso became vacant in the course of last year—Blakuton and Magill. She temporary inconvenience thus caused was removed by the appointment respec tively to these cores of the Bev.. Henry J. Poole aad A.. Honoer. St Mary's, Start, and O'Halloran Hill, hare since fallen to the charge of the Ber. |J. Leslie Smith, and at this time Hoontaaad Wallaroo alone are vacant.* Such rearrangement of parochial charges is not unattended with much trouble and corres pondence, bat I ,«ai Uiot without hopes that unfa benefit ■ results from such occasional changes. It Is gratifying to me to be able to report the completion of a spacious Church at Strathalbyn, to which Oie Ber. F. Slaney Poole was unanimously invited by the congre gation. Tt forms the'head station of a large missionary district, comprising Wellington, XoDghorae's Creek, and the Lake Piwiis. lam thankful that this widely-settled agricultural district, as wall as the important town of Strathalbyn, have been placed under the charge of an energetio and capable minister. Brighton, also, which is growing every day to be a favorite summer retreat from Adelaide, enjoys the ad vantages of a resident curate in the parson of the Ber. Hartley 'Williams. In Leferte's Penin sula the Ber. 8. Green, with his usual energy, has succeeded in building and opening a mission school and church ; and at Bhynie, as well as Myponga, new churches are in course of one tion, although the deficiency of the harvest may prohaMy delay-their completion. We most bow to the will of Providence, which has seen good to curtail the produce of our fields, snd so retard our designs for His glory. Port Wake field and Laeepede Bay have been added to the number of our mission stations, and quarterly services are held at Blanchetown. Sites for churches are secured at Penola and at Port Wakefiald, and should trade prosper at the latter valuable shipping.plaoe, we may hope to see a church commenced there at no very dis tant date. With regard to missionary labors, I hare to report that the Ber. 0. Goodenough Taplin visited, at my reqnest, Streaky Bay aad the sta tions between it and Port Lincoln. TbePoonindie Institution afforded valuable assistance towards this missionary tour, and Mr. Taplin reports well of the kindness and thankfulness with which his visits were everywhere welcomed. The absence of the Lay Header, Mr. O. SL Bieh ardson, whom illness compelled to seek me dical adrioe in Adelaide, rendered Mr. Taplin's coming still more timely and acceptable, and such visits I most endeavor to supply more frequently to the Western coast The &ev.; O. Morse also from time to time visited Kangaroo Island, bat his failing health of late has sus pended for a time his valuable labors among the island settlers. On the other hand. Canon Dove has made three visits to the district north of the 3roughton, where then should un doubtedly be settled a resident missionary. URtiL however, one can be found werthy to faead the steps of Archdeacon Twopeny, it is mere aooeptable to the settlers that an erperi eooed minister, possessed of spiritual zeal and Christian gentleness, should occasionally visit these out-lying portions ot our population. I do trust, hewever, that, with reviving prosperity and increasing commerce. Port Augusta and the missionary stations will call for and support reasonably a resident minister. I know of no {place where true Christian character and evangelical energy would, more surely reap an abundant harvest of souk. The Blinman and Prince Alfred Mines hare also reoeired visits from Mr. Dove, and these risit?, though rare, have not failed to 1 encourage the serious to hold fast to their pro ' fenion without wavering, and awaken others to ' repentance. To these missionary tours I may [ add those, which I myself hare been at liberty 9 to take during the past 12 months. From Bun ? * Bev. 0. Goodenough Taplin has been nomi r aatad to th? joint cure. garee and the Bum. to Glenburn and Port Klliot in the south; from Mount Pleasant to Port Wakefield and Moonta on the west; and again in the south-east to Bobe, Mount Gam bier, Penola, Karraooorte, and MaoDonnell and Laoepede Bays. In several of these places I have held confirmations. For such extended pastoral visitations, however, the number of our clergy—3B, and one on probationary employ ment — U all too few, even inffin^ing my own ministrations. St. Peter's OoOagUte School, I thankfully acknowledge, is yearly adding its quota to our clerical body, and I am well satisfied that they not only meet the requirements of the Diocese, but in general qualifications for the ministry of the Church of Ungland end theological know ledge they are not behind tile ordinary supply of Literates from Une 1"1^ It would be very desirable, however, if from the Mother Church the diocese could receive from time to time a highly-qualified and accomplished minister. Some such might probably be found willing to emigrate; but they will not feel called on to abandon ministerial duty at home, as well as friends and country, on the mere chanoe of a precarious provision for themselves and families, and that, too, with the possibility of being rejected by some Vestry or Committee. Tho congregation which desires to live under the care of such a pastor, must not only raise funds for the passage, but also give a reliable guarantee that a competent income will be supplied. Few men are likely to resign a settled endowment income for the precarious and fluctuating stipend gathered only from pew-rents and fees. The bfe-inonmbency, however, of endowed parishes at home has its evils, and fails to meet the emergencies of a young country, i where the changes of population are often] rapid. A mining population, for example, of 16,000 souls distributed in distant town ships, replaces in a few years the lonely sheep-walk, and the missionary suited to iht latter may be ill able to meet the exigencies or oops with the difficulties of the former. Offences, also, will from time to time arise, and, although no charges of immoral conduct, heretical doctrine, or breach of ecclesiastical rule can be sustained, congregations may be broken up, and the Ministry of the Word harassed by unwise or unguarded conduct. I see no reason why such conduct as is unbe coming a clergyman and gentleman should not form tile subject of enquiry under the Synod, as well as the analogous enquiry which takes ; place in Her Majesty's army. The very possi- I bHity of such enquiry would go a long way to prevent its occurrence. Instead of discontent spreading and growing until a congregation is weakened or divided, enquiry might result in the removal of the grounds of offence, or lead to an exchange of incumbency. At present it requires what is tantamount to the formal pro cedure of criminal law to remove an Incumbent from his benefice. Absolute power of ejection, on the other hand, vested in Trustees or lay deacons, degrades the pastorate of souls; while the vacating of Hi|«nftwfo*ian¥ii^lly weakens its influence, so far as that depends on the indivi dual minister. I commend the subject, therefore, to your thoughtful consideration, as well as the need of a fund for superannuated Clergy. The missionary operations of the Diocese during the past year are classed under two dis tinct heads—those whioh concern our Abori gines, and the aid afforded to the Melanesian Mission. The Poonindle Institution during the past year has increased its numbers without impair- j ing the moral and religious tone of the inmates, bred up for the most part ou the station. In cluding a camp of bush natives, employed partially in filwaring land for agriculture, above 100 aborigines were under tile religions in fluence of the Superintendent, Mr. Holden. Mr. Taplin, em his way to Streaky Bay, visited and inspected the institution. He expressed a very favorable opinion of the state and habits of tile generality. At Kingston, Laoepede Bay, Miss Armstrong has also carried on a native school. The children are few in the school—do not exceed 12\. When visited lately by mjsalf and His Ex cellency the Governor, those present manifested very great intelligence and sound instruction. The wooden sehoolhouse, built of weatherboard, is much out of repair. The shingle roof admits the rain both to the storeroom and sleeping place of the native children; while the -weatherboards, being warped, make sach draughts that the open air is leu likely to cause catarrh than such a sleeping apartment. The weathendde, at least, of the roof and house should be covered at once with metal, if the school is kept on. It is not tile fault of the mistress. Miss Armstrong, that more children are kot attracted to it. The Bev. H. Howitt, who visits Kingston monthly, is very decidedly of opinion that this school deserves support. I know not where on the south coast a better spot eouMba chosen as a missionary «entre than the head-qoarters of the Maria Creek .tribe. It was there that the survivors from that ship-wrecked -vessel fell victims to a barbarity not less cruel than that which has compassed the death of our lamented Bishop Patteson. The South Australian Government of that day felt called on to make a terrible example of those natives, and the treacherous cruelty of the Nakapu islanders in 'their use of rjbisoned arrows, has provoked from one of H.'M. ships of war a still more fearful retribution. It is much to be lamented that the o&uBe; of > evangelical missions should thus apparently be mixed up with such military executions; bat cruelty, treachery, and murder will in these days, as of old, bring down summary vengeance upon the tribe or nation which habitually culti vate those dispositions. EVen-handed British justice, however, should sweep from the seas those man-Btealers and kidnappers who -for filthy lucre-entrap the savage and reduce him to unwilling bondage. Let us hope that these disastrous events will hereafter open a large and effectual door for missionary enterprise' among the Melanesian Islanders, The school in Norfolk Island is larger than ever before ; num bering in all 153 Melanesians, drawn from all the islands over nine degrees of latitude. In Mote last year the Bishop baptised 293 infants and adults ; 17 lads of George Sarawia's school; and 41 grown up, mostly married men and women. To Canon Tidal the Bishop wrote :— "Pcay more than ever for this little Infant Church and George Sarawia." The work and character of our dear brother and lamented Bishop Patteson can never be forgotten by the members of this1 Church and Diocese. His praise is in all the Churches; Le fhimself with the saints in glory. But we bare been invited to contribute towards some memorial to his name—and what memorial so good or so dear as to support and extend his mission? Our resources are not great. To our power we have contributed to it. By God's help we will con tinue to do so. The want of a new mission ship, in whioh to carry on the work, is the most pressing at this time. In addition to our usual subscriptions, some of us may be disposed to aid in this way, and so enable his co-workers in Norfolk Island to preach the Gospel of peace in those places where the Bishop died as a true soldier of the cross ; thus exemplifying his own loving character and the real nature of that blessed Gospel which he sought to propagate. The savage will then learn to discriminate the messenger of peace from the sword-bearer or the freebooter. He wOl then fly to the farmer as a friend and suocourer rather than with remorseless cruelty slay one whom he had once known and honored, and then be guiled to his death. In conclusion, I may re mark that in spite of death and transfers of clergy to different cures, nearly all the statis tical returns show an increase. There are more churches and congregations, more communi cants, more confirmed, more sittings let, more funds raised. The Sunday soholars have slightly decreased. I commend this last point to the careful consideration of the Incumbents.- On their selection of good teachers and able super intendents depends, under God's blessing, the good behaviour and th« numbers of those who are brought up, under the nurture and admoni tion of the Church. Lastly, I have the pleasure of stating that, through means supplied by the Attorneys of the Propagation of the Gospel Society, the Hospital, Destitute Asylum, Magill Industrial School, as well as the Gaol and nfraeombe Re formatory, will be supplied with stated minis trations from .the city and suburban clergy. MEETINGS OF BTHOD. The days and hours of meeting were fixed the same as last year. ABSUAL BEPOBT. The annual report of the Standing Committee was brought up and taken as read. From tile report we make the following extracts :— Finding that the grants in aid of the incomes of some of the clergy are reduced by the fact that certain contributions in aid of their income coming from other sources than pew-rents and the weekly offertory are not subsidised under the existing scheme of grants in aid, they recom mend that where there is an offertory at every Sunday service, every pound paid to the in cumbent as stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reokoned as a sitting let. To Baroness Bnrdett Oontts, who provided the endowment of the See of Adelaide, they have thought it a due mark of grateful respect to forward a letter of congratulation on her Ladyship's accession to new dignity, and this has accordingly been done. i .. A letter of condolence, expressing the deep and universal sympathy of the Church with His Excellency the Bight Honorable Sir James Fer gusson in his bereavement, has been addressed' to him, and he was pleased to signify his appre ciation of this mark of esteem for Lady Kdith Ferruaeon, whose loss we all deplore.- The representatives of the Melanesian Mis sion have likewise been addressed in a letter of. condolence in their grievous bereavement in the lost of Bishop Patteson, with assurances of con tinued and, if possible, increased assistance in the work of the mission. They are happy to report that the amount for Synodal expenses during the past yea has, within a few shillings, been equal to the expenditure. All the churches at which regular services have been conducted have paid the amounts at whioh they were rated, with the exception of Panwortham. They recom mend that the assessment be the same as last year, with the exception of St. Paul's. Ade laide, whioh is raised to the same cla?n as Trinity and Christohurch, North Adelaide (No. 7); and St Luke's, Adelaide, which is raise Ito Class 5. They also reaornmead that Port Augusta and Bnfield be placed In Class No. 1, at St per «■""?; and that Lyndooh and Williamstown be reduced from Class 2 to Class L They furnish balance-sheet of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund to June 30, 1671, and also a progress account to April 30,1872. They have to report that the appeal for the in crease of tiie Guarantee Fond has not yet been very suooessf ul; they hope, however, to be able to report more favorably by the end of the financial year. June 30. They regret to'rtate that, as anticipated in their report of May, 1870, the rate of interest has materially de creased, and at this moment there is a conside rable suin uninvested. They furnish a table showing the amounts received from each Church fer the various funds (including the Clergy -Widow and Orphan Fund to Apnl 30) and the amounts paid as grants-in aid of clerical incomes. This account will be found to oompare favorably with that of last year:— Received— 1871. 1872. Synodal Assessment £140 0 0 ... £147 0 0 General Church and Home Missionary Fund 148 lfi 7 ... 173 14 5 Mission to the Hea then 117 8 2 ... 124 11 11 Paid- Clerical incomes ... 480 310 ... 612 19 11 They are happy to be able to report an im provement in the General Church and Home Mission Fund. The amount collected during the year being (inclusive of £5 3*., special con tributions) £173, as compared with £148 for 1870-L This is in a great measure owing to the system of *eeeiving at the offertory on the first Sunday of every month an additional amount (gennrally Is.) wrapped in paper tojdutingaish it from the general collection, and also to the fact of special collections having been made for the same object. They are glad also to report that they have been enabled, for the first time in five years, to pay full soale in aid of clerical incomes for the half-year ended December 31,187L. There is also an improvement in the amount collected for Mission to the Heathen, being £125, as compared with £118 hut year. Only 44 out of 65 Churches have contributed anything to wards this fund. This is, perhaps, to be ac counted forby the fact that tile proceeds af the collections have in some instances been banded direct to the Treasurer of the Melanesian Mission. They are happy to be able to state that, .owing to tile liberality of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, they have been enabled during the past year to endow partially the Churches at Kspunda, Belvidere, Ohinkford, Bungaree, Olenburn, and Gambierton,-"and to complete the endowments of those of St Mary's, South-road, Walkerville, O'Halloran HilL Kensington, jjMitcham, and Willnnga. The Attorneys of the S.P.G. have much re gret in announcing to the Standing Committee of Synod that in consequence of the fall in the rate of interest from 10 to 6 or 7 per cent., they are compelled to suspend their guarantee to the prospective endowment of Churches. They are prepared to fulfil their engagements already contracted. By the desire of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the Missionary Committee met to advise with him in reference to misaioiury efforts in the diocese, when it was resolved that information should be collected with respect to the supply of religions instruction and ordinances in the various Government institutions, vix—the Gaol, Destitute Asylum, Hospital, Beforma tory, and Lunatic Asylum, with a view, by ap pealing to the Government, and by voluntary efforts of the clergy and laity, to supply the existing deficiencies. Also—That it is desirable that Blanehetpwn ahoald be visited quarterly by a clergyman. Action in these matters has since been taken by the Lord Bishop and the Standing Committee. The Board of Education "T?as given careful consideration to the subject of education during the past year, and has already presented a pro gress report to the Standing Committee. It has further to report, that the Lord Bishop was respectfully requested te issue a Pastoral Ad dress on the duty of the Church with respect to the ojTT*^*?'m *& her "^"^rftr, to be read in all the churches of the Diocese on a day to be ap pointed by the Bishop, and that His Lordship consented to do so so soon as the action of the Parliament should have been decided on. In consequence of the late changes of Administra tion no measure on the subject is at present before the House of Assembly, and the matter remains in ttotu quo. LAX naiTrerg The Hon. A. Bltth enquired whether the lay readers had a roving commission, or were confined to one place. His Lordship said they were confined to the district to which they were appointed on the same principle as a parochial clergyman, and could not officiate elsejrhere without obtaining leave from the Bishop. Mr. Mobldxn —But in cases of emer gency, your Lordship ? His LOEDsmr —Then they must ask for an indemnity. (Laughter.) SERVICES DOBINQ STOOD MEETINGS. The Very Bev. jthe-DXAN announced that Divine service wpnM be held at St. Panl's every day during which/the Synod met, commencing at quarter past .2 o'clock. ' KDfrlON OF THAXKS. The Very R4a the DEas: moved—"That the thanks of tb^sJSynod are due to His Lord ship the BishopgFdf his valuable Pastoral Ad dress and Keport, which with the Statistical Beturns, be printed in the Keport," He men tioned that he had littened with tile deepest in terest to the various topics touched upon in the address, and although perhaps they might not agree in all that was said, still they could not bat admit that the subjects were touched upon in a deeply interesting and suggestive manner. It shout) be a source of satisfaction to them that their revered Bishop, although advancing in years, was still able to continue bis labors amongst them. (Applause.) Mr. F. Wick steed seconded, and the motion was unani mously carried. BEPOBTS. Mr. E. B. Collet -moved—"That the report of the Standing Committee, and the Election, Missionary, and Synodal Board of Education Committees be received, taken as read, and pub lished in the report." Mr, Thbtop seconded, and the motion was carried. BALAJTOE-SHEET. Mr. E. B. Collet moved, and Mr. Tbeupp seconded —"That the balance-sheet of Trea surers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1872, sad of the Trustees of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be received, adopted, and published in the report" Carried. BEPOBTB AND 6TATIBTIOAI. BETUBNS. Mr. B. B. COLLET moved, and Mr. MaCDE? mott, S.M., seconded—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, the Trustees of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committees of the Melunesian Mission, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Theological and Eccle siastical Library for their reports and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the report." Carried. CTUiDCT BY tw? BIBHOP. His Lordship said he would draw attention to some letters be had received from some of their friends at home with reference to the CEoumenlcal Council to be held at Borne, and to other subjects. He then read a letter from the Hon. Arthur Kianairo, M.P., to Dr. Merle D'Jubigne, containing a proposal for a union in prayer, in May, 1872, similar to that held in December, 1869, at tile time of the holdwg of the (Ecumenical Council at Bome, and Dr. Merle D'Aubigne's reply,-suggesting that the topics upon which supplication should be offered should be—"That the doctrines of salvation, of our fallen state, of faith in the expiation of the Cross, of justi fication, regeneration, and the grace that flows from possessing them, may become more living in every Protestant, by the grace of the Holy Ghost; that the communion of each of us with Christ may be true, that each Protestant may be able to say with St. Paul, Christ dwelleth in me, and that having the mind of Christ we may glorify the Saviour, and win souls to Him; that the Head of the Church, to whom all power is given in Heaven and earth, would giaciously banish from the Church the errors of infidelity, rationalism, and superstition, and give repentance to the acknowledging of the truth, so that faith, charity, and concord may be restored to tbe Churches of the Reformation." The Synod would consider the subject, which would be an order for next day. The ether matter he would draw their attention to was. a. Conven tion of Bishops and Synodal representatives, to be held at Sydney, to decide as to whether there should not be a Ooncential Court of Appeal from Colonial Episcopal Jurisdiction. The papers in reference to this he would lay on the table; and, as a. compliment to the Diocese, he had been requested by the Bishop of Sydney to preach the opening sermons on the occasion of the opening of the Convention. A further sub ject for their consideration was contained in a despatch from tile Earl of Kimberley to a letter from the Bishop of Sydney, calling attention to the status of colonial Bishops appointed by the Crown in colonies where there were constitu tional laws, and the status of the clergy ordained by them with reference to the Esta blished Church. He mentioned that he did not come under the clause necessitating the consent of the Legislature to his appointment, having been ordained in 1847, before the Consti tution was declared; but in the cases of some Bishops in the other colonies it was different. This question would be made the second order for next day. ASSESSMENT FOB STKODAX. PDBPOBEB. Mr. Collet moved—"That the assessment for Synodal purposes be the same as last year, with the exception of the alterations proposed by the Standing Committee." Some of the clergy objected to the amount of assessment on particular Churches, and the motion was re ferred back to the Standing Committee to con sider and determine. SCHEDULE c. Mr. Collet moved—"That Ghristehuroh, O'Halloran Hill; St. Phillip and St. James, Noarlunga; and Holy Trinity, Biverton, be placed on Schedule C, in compliance with the recommendation of the Standing Committee.'' Mr. Thbdpp seconded. Carried. BEPOBT OF SYNOD. Mr. O. B. Yoraa moved, and the B«v. S. Gbeeh seconded—" That the Ven. Arshdeaoon 1 Marryat, Bev. Henry Bead, Mr. Colley, Me N. Blyth, and Mr. Wicksteed be a Committee to edit the report of Synod; and that it be an in struction to them to incur as little ezpeoie as possible.'' Carried. OHUECH LAKD3. Mr. N. Bltth moved—*' That for the future, in the oases of Churohei weiring union with Synod, the land whereon the church stands being under the provisions of the Beal Property 1 Act, it shall be absolutely necessary that the certificate of title be in the name of the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adfilaide incorporated." Since the tassing of the Beal Property Act all land alienated from the Crown was ipto facto under that Act All land alienated before might be brought under it if it was the wish of the owner, and the title was shown to be good. One of the pecu liarities of the Act was that it did not recognise anything like trusts. The person appearing on the face of the fleed as owner of the title was the owner. To pro vide against contingencies, the Wesleyans had a number of names on the deed, but this was a cumbersome plan, and the mode he proposed, that the certificate of title should be in the nan>e of the Synod of the Church of England in , the Diocese incorporated, was much simpler. The Synod never died, but when the title was in the name of one or more persons, if a. death or insolvency occurred amongst them a difficulty was created. It was proposed that the Synod should give the officers of the church of which they received the certificate of title a deed shewing that it was held for them; and altogether he thought the plan a good one and worthy of adoption. Mr. G. ft. Hawkcs seconded. Mr. Thbotp concurred with Mr. Blyth in the necessity for something being done in the matter, but he was afraid his motion would do an injury. The minister was appointed by a Patronage Committee, consisting of the Church wardens, Trustees, and some members of the congregation. If they did away with the Trustees by Synod the Synod became one of the Trustees. This would cause confusion, and would do away with the principle fought for by the Laity—that the patronage of a Church should be reserved to the Diocese itself. There was another difficulty. The Synod being the last appeal for a clergyman, it would, if the motion mm carried, be placed in the position of a judicial and executive tribunal. Hie quite agreed with the object of die motion if it could be carried out without interfering with the local patronage. It would be better to with draw the motion, or refer it to the Standing Committee. Mr. Moulder said, provided those obstacles mentioned by Mr. Thrupp could be overcome, he would agree to the motion. His Lobdship also agreed with the motion, if the difficulties mentioned could be surmounted. Mr. Bltth replied, asserting that the Synod should have what he claimed for it, and that the difficulty mentioned would be got over by the Synod giving the Diocese a died showing how they held the title. He had not the slightest wish that the Synod should inter fere with the patronage of Churches. As to the second objection, he thought the fact of the property being vested in the Synod would be all the better. The matter was. too important to be decided by a Committee, and he should press his motion. The motion was carried by a ma jority of 2L sx&BSTjra; ooiannKE ahd offioebs. The following Standing Committee and Offi cers ware elected—the former by ballot:— Standing Committee.—Clergy—Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, Bevs. Canon Dove, Canon Coombs, S. Green, W. W. Ewbank, H. Bead, and J. Pollitt Laity—Mann. IT. Blyth, S. B. Colley, C. B. Young, F. Wisksteed, L. W. Thrnpp, 6. W. Hawkes, J. Bath, W. L. Douglas, N. OUham, W. J. Fullarton, and O. M. Turnbull, Hon. A. Blyth, and Drs. Gosse and Duncan* Secretary—Mr. F. *Wicksteed. Auditors—Messrs. B. B. Colley and A. Spenee, Treasurers—Mean. G. M. Turnbull and H. Dutton. clerical moons. Mr. COLLET moved—"That with regard to clerical Incomes, where there is an offertory at every Sunday service, every pound paid to the incumbent in stipend, from whatever source raised, shall be reckoned as a sitting let." The Kev. T. Field seconded the motion, which, having been discussed, was carried in an amended form, the words "from whatever source raised" being- stuck: out and "fond raised within the district or congregation" in serted. TAOAHT COBEB. The Bev. S. Gbeen moved—" That in the opinion of this Synod it is not advisable that during tte vacancy of a cure the trustees or other body in whom the patronage is vested should invite clergymen to 'become candidates for the living, inasmuch as suoh action is incon sistent with the principles of the Church of England, and likely to produce evil results to both clergy and laity. The Bev. H. Howzrr seconded the motion, which, after a brief dis cussion, was carried. "iinm. COHGREGATIOKAL [XKHDEKOT 'TJf THE CHURCH. : The Bev. T. Field moved—"That it is dBSVB&Ie; that Synod ahouU taks action, im^of the direction of Hi* lordship the Bubop, to arrest the tendency toward* separation of the Church of Knclg"** into independent congrega tions." 'The rev* gentleman expressed Mmaplf strongly of opinion that there was a, tendency in many of their Churches towards Congrega tionalism, which, if not cheeked, would, he said, be productive of much evH. The Bev. H. J. POOLE seconded, and spoke in support of the motion. The DEAN hoped a. division would be at once taken, and time not wasted in useless discussion. His LORDSHIP said, in his opinion, the? never was a. time when there was less a tendency towards Congregationalism than at present. (Applause.) A division, by orders, was taken upon the motion, which was only supported by the mover and seconder. TESTBY BEOOBD BOOK. The Bev. H. Bead moved—"That this Synod recommends the Vestry Beoord Book, which has been prepared by a. special Committee, and has received the sanction of the Bishop as a preacher's and service book, should be generally adopted in all churches throughout the diocese." This was seoonded by the Abchdeaooh, and carried. THE CAVHEDBAL. The Isev. H. Bead moved—"Thatsteps be taken to procure united action among all the clergy of the Diocese towards Minuting the Bishop in the erection of the Cathedral." Mr. N. Oldham seconded, and the motion was car ried unanimously. ADELAIDE HOSPITAL. The Bev. H. Bead moved —"That one Sun day in the year (to be agreed upon) be set apart as a Hospital Sunday, when the claims of this institution may be advocated from the pulpit, and all religious bodies be appealed to te naite in the practice on the common day." The Bev. T. J. Smyth seconded. In the course of the discussion which followed, the Dean, Canon Farr, the Bev. W. W. Kwbank, and Mr. C. B. Young, expressed themselves opposed to pri vate contributions towards the Hospital, on the ground that as it was a State establishment, it thonld be supported by the Government. Dr. Gosa?, as a member of the Board of Manage ment, remarked that it was desired to have the institution supported by private subscriptions. He approved of the motion, and pouted out that clergymen in —miling in contributions would receive for distribution tickets for the admission of patients. The motion was nega tived. election csmkittee. Mr. O. B. Tomro moved—" That the Elec tion Committee for the.ecsmng year he -Arch deacon Marryat, Bev. H. Bead, Messrs. N. Blyth, Colley, and Thrupp." Mr. G. W. Hawkes seconded the motion, which was carried. LAO6PBDE BVY MBSION. The Bev. T. Field moved —"That the status of the Lacepede bay Mission is such that it Is as urgent necessity that it should receive the attention of Synod with respect to the pro vision of funds." Mr. O. B. Young seconded. There was a protracted discus sion upon the motion. Bis LoEDSHp bore t« ti«*"™iy *" +*■!? «vnW maJTitjlnlwi in, and the great good arising from, the school con nected with the Mission, and the Rev. H. HoWECT stated that the schoolroom. WASJOuich in need of repair. A builder, he said, bad es timated; that the place might be repaired for £29. The motion was carried. The benediction hiving been pronounced by His Lordship, the Synod adjourned till next 