ECopict of tim W)QReett, SPcmECss of dried plants have been forwarded to Dr. MIueller, collected by Mr. Wells of York. WE allude with great reluctance to the trial of the two natives forthe murder of MIr. S. Lazenby at the North West settlement- We have long felt, that in such cases, where from poverty or ignorance-criminals charged with offencesinvolving forfeiture of life, are ulable to provide counsel, such, as inEngland, should be allotted to them by the Court. THaE seamen of the Cossack were entertained at supper in Harvood's Hotel on Tuesday evening last, and managed to pass a very agreeable time. An excellent supper was provided by .lr. Harwood in a room very tastefully decorated. On Thursday night aball was given by a se leet party of the petty officers to some of the inhabitanls of Fremantle. The Oddfellows' Hall was again the scene of action. The entertainment was varied with dancing and singing. lItEMOsIALs are~being forwarded from the country as well asthe towndistricts, complaining of the scale of fees to be paid, by the lower classes where several children of one family are sent to the schools. The announcement of a re duction of one third instead of one fourth, when more than two are sent is no sensible relief of the grievance. The Act is intended expressly as a boon to the poorer, we mQight say the poorest classes, and the intention of it would be far better carried out by increasing the scale of fees paid bythose for whose benefit though allowed to. perlicipate its advantage, it was not framed. THE Electro Telegraph company have made their re post, and we certainly are greatly surprised at the rapidity* with which the extensions have been carried out, mainly due to the untiring and exhaustive energies of its able and Indefatigable superintendent Mr. Fleming. With an un doubted guarantee of 6 p. c. on the capital it might seem strange thatthe shares are not already taken up-but as 1U p. c. can be obtained on mortgage of real property. local capitalists are not satisfied with such, to outsiders, satisfactory interest on their investment. Fo0 some days past rumour has been busy as to certain defalcations on the part of a clerk in the Customs depart. ment. and who was we understand under suspension pending inquiry. In the interest of the public as well as the individual himself and his friends, it was desirable that an investigation should have taken place and the result _made public. Much surprise, mixed with a considerable amount of indignation, has thereofre been expressed at the sudden departure of the alleged defaulting'official on board a vessel sailing out of this port. As the clearance of the vessel necessitated the names of the passengers being brought under the notice of the Custom Ihonse authorities, it was we should think the duty of the Customs authorities.to take steps to prevent the departure of the defaulting subbordinate, until proper investi gation had taken place. Thereis clearly gross remissness somewhere, and if such proceedings as these are winked at and permitted to pass unchallenged, the public service must suffer. We shall refer to the subject at greater length in our next. Cossecs HALL.-On Tuesday evening agrand ball was given in the Odd Fellows' if all by the Captain and Officers of H. .S. 'Cossack.' His Exeellency the Governor, accom panied by Mlrs, Weld and his Aide-de-Camp attended the ball,arriving at about 10 o'clock and remaining till nearly two inthe morning. The Colonial Secretary, the Comp troller GCeneral, and other chief officials were also pre sent. The ball was attended by about 120 people, the Hall being in fact crowded to excess; and had there not been a retiring room upstairs, many of the visitors would have hadto stand all the evening. The Ihall was most tastefully decorated with flags and arms. The entrance was protected by an awning reaching from the main ador to the street making a very pretty porch, with a ships colored 'light on either side. The stage was con verted into a drawing.room. A guard of honor was stationed outside the Hall, and the Perth Band was also inattendance. The spper was served upstairs; the affairo of the kind ever given in Fremautle. It reffecte great credit on the good taste, good oanogement and hospitality of our gallant visitors. The stay .the Cosa here will always be remembered by the inhabitants of Fremantle, and her departure from our port will cause so all unqualified regret. FpecessiRa s. -oew Considerable amusement was afforded to the lovers of pedestrianism by the crew of the Cogsack, on Wednesday afternood last. Some rashindi vidual belonging to the town bhder the. influence of Dntch conurage, " wen sagine, chalolenged tin one of l·z- z?a. -· Cn iderable amsmn a. the creow of the Co~a, whose ;afrcl ents in running matches, is the uanbject of mouch boasting among the "Jolly tars," when assembled round thefestive board. The challenge ws ecpted anda deposit msde on each side tobe forfeited in the event of either parties not coming to the scratch. The race was to come off on Wednesday after noon, and soon after noon of that day the " blue jackets" mustered on the green and pitched a tent for the comfort and convenience of their man. To fill up the time before hour fixed for the match arrived, several impromptu races were run among the men belonging to the crew of the Coessack, in which they acquitted themselves uncommonly well. A match was made between J. Anderson of the town and J. Watson of the ship, to rus 100 yards for £1. The men got away well together at the start and run a short time abreast, but Watson putting on a spurt, run away form his opponent and won easily. A pretty race for 200 yards also took place between a seaman of the Cossack named Weeks and a marine named Wilmot. At the signal to go, Weeks took the lead, making the pace rather smart, but Wilmot putting on a little steam collared his man and they run level for some distance. Weeks then put on a spurt andagain led to within'afew yards of the winning post, when Wilmot seeing the event in jeopardy made a fine rush and won. The time having arrived for the appearance of the man who wasto take thleconceitoutof the Cossaclk champion runner, considerable interest was ex cited, which however was soon changed to disappointment when it became known that the man had declined to put in an appearance. For the sake of sport a subscription race was got up between the Cossack champion-who is a colored man named Francis-and an aboriginal in the employ of Messrs. Bateman as a whaler and who enjoys a reputation for being smart on his feet. Captain Croke officiated as starter and the men got awayto a good start. Francis however who is a practised runner and knows well the advantage of a start, bounded away like a shot the moment the signal was given, and got a lead of some yards which he never allowed the aboriginal to reduce during the race. Francis who runs in professional costume, is a fine muscular fellow, who can run, and knows how to run. The aboriginal never had a chance of winning though he ran well and gamely. Francis who had taken a preliminary trot round the course in company with the aboriginal, to shew him the boundarles, was evidently afraid of the long telling stride of the native, then dis played, for in the race, Francis, having got the start, ran to keep it, never slacking his pace or allowing the native the ghost of a chance of pulling up the disadvantage of the start. The running of WVilmott which was extremely pretty, induced some enthusiastic admirers of the spot to match him with Francis for 200 yards, Wilmott getting 10 yards'start. Francis at first objected to run under such disadvantage but after a little pressing consented. Francis again made a capital start, covering several yards at a bound the moment the signal was given and before WVilmott had well left the scratch-Francis who ran with great judgement seeing Wilmott was running his best without increasing his advantage, held himself together, for a spurt at the last when Wilmott would be winded and the event proved he was right, for when within about 2) yards of the judge and when Wilmotts friends made sure thie race was his-and were cheering, trancis putlon a splendid spurt shot past his opponent and won cleverly by a yard or two. We understand several races are to be run this afternoon, but have been unable to obtain particulars. 