TKE BETHLEBJBM: LirrffBRAN OaUfiCHj FMNOE!RS«TBBET. The opening services co^ecteg with the above newly erected and handsome church were conducted on Sunday, June '23/ At 10 o'clock the Lutheran ministers ascended the steps in front of .'the Church, r A short prayer having been ' delivered^ a ^iiymn was sung by the choir, after which the Uev. P. J. O^ter, of Bosenthal, delivered an address; to a large, assemblage of hearers -in front of the .Church., the words chosen as 'the basis of his remarks being *'%' was,, glad' .when , they ^a'id unto me, let us go into the House of the Lord. Our feet shall; staqd within .thy gates, O Jerasalem.'~Psalm cxxu.,verses 1, 2. Having referred to the services connected with the laying -sf the foundation-stone, ofj |h«. Pf Uf|ii)g« ^e cou gratulated the congregation upon tnefulfilment of their desire in iavin& a suitable' edifice in which to conduct divine worship. =Theoecasio3, he said, was an impprtint. ofee for^his Garman felloe-colonists, who. were': about .to. enter .the building and assemble therein for divine wor ship. The edifice, by the blessing of God, bad been .erected without accident, to those who bad worked on it. Theiduty and honsr had fallen to him to open the church door — thus enabling its congregation to assemble and hold the first divine service within its walls. After remarking briefly upon the principles of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, the key of the church was presented to him by one of the Wardens, and the rev. gentleman opened the door of the building in the name of ' the Father; the Son, and the Holy Ghost. He then entered the church, the assemblage follow ing, and the: organ? playing till the congregation was seated. The Rev. C. A. F. Strempel, of Hahndorf, then delivered a short address, ex pressive of thankfulness to Almighty God for blessings which had been vouchsafed unto the Church, after which he offered an appropriate prayer, and -conducted a brief serviceat the altar; The : dedication sermon was then preached by the Rev. Mr. Heidenrich; from , fie v., -chap, xxi., verses 1-5. In alluding to the success which had attended the building of the church, he gracefully, acknowledged the liberality shown by both English and German colonists through put the land, and then spoke of the duties of thtf congregation and the customs to be observed in the church. A collection realised £26 17fc 7d. ? ? . | The.afternoon service was conducted in Eng lish. The church was crowded, and the con gregation comprised' a large attendance of repre sentatives fromthe various Evangelical Churches in the city. The Rev. Chr. G. Teiehelmann; conducted the Service, and delivered an addressi He- observed that the opening of a 'building like, that in which they were met for public divine worship— ;the dedication of a house of prayer— f could not otherwise fenA be; an ocoajnon of joyt aad pleasure unto them, as evea in ordinary Ufa, it gave them pleasure when coming intci possession, of anica comfortable. dwelUng-housei after having lived perhaps for years in a primi-j tive oolonial style. As it- was quite lawful t» strive after a comfortable, dwelung, it wasalsd just and becoming to their Christian prof essioij that- they should' exert themselves to Taise nice and comfortable buildings in which to meet ai fellow Christians, there to worship God, and to] offer up unto Him their TiniteA. prayers and supj plications ; and after having thus realised tne desire of tboir hearts, to be glad. and rejoio?; He still remembered how, at the com| meooement of the colony, they had to content themselves with; places .for public worship built of broad palings and suchlike materials, and. that the first German sermon rwas preached in a broad-paling church. But those times were past. If they would yei neglect to erect goodly buildings for f heir public Christian worship, God might well say to them j as he. once said to Israel of old, 'Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your ceiled houses, and this house lie waste??' after, God for 36 years had showered down upon them the blessings o1 Heaven, and opened unte them the treasures o : : the. earth. . It was, true they might even err ir that direction, -as ? Israel . ^did when they said -'The teinple of the Jjp'rd,rthe temple -of thu Lord^ the temple of the Lord are these,? .trusting- more in their outward worahip^han: in ; G6d- mercy through Christ; drawing nigh unto God -with their lips, whilst their heart was fa? from Him. However, fbey, -ought not merely worship raised and added to the number -they ^already possessed, but -.-they pught.nioxe-.pari ticuiarly to be grateful to the giver of all good and perfect gifts that He had granted the desire of His servants, and enabled them by assistance to, complete that house thus far^ and that thereby an additional, though- but external; proof had been given that God -and His Christ was still believed in and. honored in South Aus tralia as their God and Saviour. Might God in His mercy prosper, and bless with all heavenly and spiritual, blessings in Christ Jesus every one .who hod brought a free-will, offering towards building that house ; of prayer, and might nothing be preached within its walls bus repentance- towards God, faith in the name of Jesus Chxist unto remission of sins, and sanctifi cation through the Spirit. He then read as th-i text. of an earnest discourse tbe words— 'To whom coming, as unto a living ,stone, disallowed^ indeed of men, -but chosen of God and. precious ; ye also, as lively stones, are built up a, spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to - offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable unto ,God. by Jesus Christ', — L Peter, il ch., 4 and 5 v. Having pointed out the intimate union and communion of God _wit)i the believer, and of the believer with God^ he remarked that, as beUevers in Christ, they were appointed and destined to be built into a spiritual house— a habitation of God — through continually coming unto Christ ; building their hope -and trust upon Him for pardon and forgive ness of their sins and acceptance with. God for their sanctification.'and meetness f or Heaven, and for their final redemption and admission, to glory. If they .were living stones indeed,', then they oaght in all humility to cement themselves, by practical love and forbearance, to each other,' and as a duty arising from their privilege in having been made and consecrated in and through Christ an holy priesthoed,- they ought to;offer up spiritual sacrifices to, God acceptable through Christ. Ke then spoke of the kind and: nature of rsome of the spiritual sacrifices and offerings which Goi expected of each inr dividual befiever, dwelling upon the importance of. ttieir united thank-offerings and praises being given for what He had done merely- .in this colony for the spread and maintenance of His , pure. Gospel,t and pointing out how mucU more availing, would their united prayers and supplications be for the extermination of in : fidelity, priestcraft, superstition, and rational ism. Having concluded the addras with a brief exhortation, the rev. gentleman offered an appropriate - and comprehensive prayer, after 'which he pronounbad the benediction. A hymn was. then sung, and theservice terminated. ' . In the evening the Bev.' Mr. Oster preached an able sermon from St. Lnke,' chap, xix., verses 1-4. , The total proceeda from the three services amouated to E66 2s. 7d, ' ' ., The building Jhas: a very handsome appear^ ance, both insiSe and externally, and ranks amongst the most pleasing designs of our ecclesiastical edifices. We understand, the gas fittings were -a .gift from Mr. H. L. 'Vosz., and that the'silver vessels used in- the administration of .the Sacrament were, generously given by Mr. Steiner, t of. Buadle-street Tae organ, an ex- . ceedingly rich-toned instrument, and which was 'purchasea firdm an4 built ,by -Mr. Wolffe, was ''presided over by Mr. J, O: Hansen, the choir being' under the efficient leadership' of Mr. Ct Pattmann. It is intended to place in the bellfry three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon taken from the French during the late .war, and presented by Prince Bismarck on behalf.' of the_ Emperor. .. The following is a description of the building, ' kindly supplied; usl-y Mr. Cnmming, the archi- . tect :— The style of the building is Gothic, ojf ; an early period. The exterior is of dark rubble, with rusticated quoins and dressings of cement. The roofing is of slate, surmounted by a cast-iron cresting. The principal entrance is in the centre of the front, and through a vesti bule under the tower ; thence by. an inner lobby to the aisles. The total lenth of the interior is 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling is 30 feet. - The seats and other fittings are of cedar. At the farther end is a dais, on which are the altar] and pulpit, which are of cedar, enriched with' bronzed metal work. A gallery runs across the: front of the building, and under, this, on each side of the vestibule, is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear of the building is a hall, measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height. The church is lighted by lancet win dows at the sides, and rose windows over the gallery. The gas-lighting is chiefly by starlight*, - suspended from the ceiling. All the metal work and the principal gas-fittings are of Adelaide manufacture, from designs by the architect. The church is designed to accommodate nearly 500 persons. At the back of the pulpit, and within an arched alcove, are written in German letten the words—** The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth' — Romans, i., 16; and upon the cloth covering the Sacrament-table the following words are inscribed: — 'Come, for all things are now ready'— Luke, xiv., 17. The bell-tower jtnd spire are of a Continental character, and 'rise to a total height of 118 feet from the ground. The contract has b°en satisfactorily carried oat by Messrs. Brown & Thompson at a total cost of about £3,200, exclusive of the foundations. A proposition ia under consideration in New South Wales to export butter to San Francisco. From a letter sent to tbe Central Illawarra Butter Company, it appears that such a trade would be likely to be remunerative. 