v. ( par&es; ;EEjDmyicrs,rti,;.^. '^?0iik(ffiv ..i '' like the pewit, or kisonce1celebiiate(:l-'gHost,'' from5 the ? cold shades of ;King-st^(tfJ-i;o; jex , tlife' ? ! -.'souls : ; ' of : ' his' old colleague's^-in^.tlie Assembly, is' a spectacle not to 'po' cpn|em platQct withbiit emotion. H is'.as ^affecting (in :iis. .way as the unexpected turhing-upin . .-,/fch.q, last act of a melodrama of the-realhero iol; the .'piece, who, after escaping unheard-of dangers, arrives just in the nick of time to ?unmask exultant' villainy, and bring1 down the. curtain on a charming tableau* 'of. 'the' triumph of innocence and virtue. Or it may, he1 likened to one of those famous historical episodes,' where w'e'are tol'd'how sonifc ' '.'groat but' ill-used ' man forgot his /Wn' Vi'.ongs in '! tlie: , national .' need, and,. -took! ^'[noble .revenge )? , for '. the '.' ? public' 'ingratitude , ,* by saving, 'his country. . ..For. pf;,,.,cours,e; it. is/ to save the country that aloiae brings Mr. Parkes once more before the political foot lights. No less a motive could have- led that distinguished man to leave his lettered' ease ? -forthe stormy sea of polities' than a stern ; sense that upon his return for Mxidgee de pended the salvation of the cp.untry. 'I love ; my leisure and my book,' says; this too gener ous public benefactor, 'and .am; therefore making some slight sacrifice., in assuming the cares of public life.' It is to ; be hoped the ' public will be duly sensible of this selfdeny ing regard for their interests ; but we arc rather doubtful on this point, The truth is, the sacrifice has been made so often, and always in so very much the same terras, that the public have probably got xised to it, even if Mr. Parkes has not. -Moreover, if the sacrifice is great, so also is the oc casion. It is not every public man whose fortune it is to be periodically called upon to save his country. A distinc tion of that kind may be well worth ' some slight sacrifice,' especially when ac companied, as in this case it is, with the pos sibility of more substantial considerations and the privilege of pretty roundly abusing all one's friends. Mr. Parkes would, no doubt, repudiate an}r personal interest in this latest sacrifice of his, and we, dare say with, as much truth as is usual in such declarations ; but he can hardly deny the keen pleasure with which he walked into his old colleagties. Of course it was necessary to do so, seeing that the sole object of Mr. Parkes's sacrifice being to save the country, it was essential that there should be somebody or something to save it from. So the Ministry Lad to be tricked out as the villains of the play, and to ? do the artist justice, very pretty, villains he made of them. 'We shall not go through his long indictment against the Government, in cluding, as it dicl, almost everything they have done since their accession to office, be sides a good deal which they have not, done. It was very bitter, possibly very true, and at any rate admirably adapted to effect the end desired — a proftmnd impression oi' the neces sity of saving the country. That fact once established, to such a logical mind, ar My. Parkes lias, the credit of possessing allthe rest may well have seemed plain sailing. Every man to his vocation, and next to talk ing high-sounding, flatulent bunkum, is not ' saving the country ' the vocation of Mr. Parkes ? 