? iEv aTurb foe the month. (Continued;)- .""•"' • • - least valuable of these essays is one P i fonldJiial'Questi^j." from ,the pen of ' Thorold Itogers,/who, while arguing V„ lie regards as an extreme view oi J- 5 '/ 'Hits and imperial responsibilities, f Uli to see the connection of 'England ,! 1 colonies dissolved, but advocates a LiPiicc between tlie various communities of r! ,] (,.Saxon race, including the United " Professor Cliffe Leslie contributes a [j ] paper on " Financial Reform Mr J. f •"], ii member of the German Parliament, r 11 ' 'j reform of the English coinage sys- \fr j. Gosstick addresses himself to the ,11 iif trades' unions ; and the Hon. D. x,,;itiates on "the Recent Financial, Hal, rind Commercial Experiences of the U States." We need only add that those to understand or to promote the je doctrines promulgated by Richard cannot do better than study the istrriNomy and Geology Compared," by Oniatliwaite (Murray). The main inten- L ,1,0 book is a refutation of Darwin and [iCj],]es, the title failing to express the Sl. (ljic of the book. The first essay on lii.miy and geology is devoted to demonx 1 io necessary reference to a "First J n the second essay liis lordship deals llimiiiious and conclusive manner with the lints in the theory of Mr Darwin, making h-crv apt and conclusive remarks on the . manner in which Mr Darwin lias verified Siicniiit's nf natural selection of sexualselec- W, .ihingcouldsurpass the direct incisivenes I,,c< imposed dignity in which portions of •are written he says "Mr Darwin's lp ;ivL'iiments seem to be confined to showing ilithrent species resemble each other very lv, and are separated only by apparently i lincs of demarcation, and then he assumes tlk'se lines are in the course of ages overed and new species thus fashioned, but c < flmw that these slight lines are overlu'd."' In the last essay—" Progress and lizatimi"—Lord Ormathwaite touches upon interesting and suggestive subject—the [icy i if our advancing civilization to produce .fsitv for more and more of merely manual |ur in which intelligence is not requisite. On latter lie has written thoughtfully and | much point, though without dogmatism. :u<\ this is one of the noticeable cliaracterispf this work, njs of Two Worlds, by a New Writer." KiiiiuV Co.) No extracts could do jusi!lice.\<iiiisite tones, the felicitous phrasing, [the delicately wrought harmonies of some 3 poems ; they are the effusions of a true cli perhaps hot very powerfully strong, : spirit which has disciplined itself to faithspressioii. The writer' is least successful > lie is most ambitious, but several of the her lyrical pieces are almost perfect. There V ease, the grace, and the symplicity of ap- •od work in many of them. A new writer, in ctrict sense, the author cannot be ; his pen ereised in the craft of experience, r Fortnightly Review for April is chiefly re- M'lo for a very powerful article, Mr A. C. J1 oil " Our Religious Policy in India." Our ey. described as not neutrality but nihilism, iiueimied, and Sir Lyall concludes as fol- :—''We are disregarding perilously the " of statecraft which might be learnt from mng the organisation of all great Asiatic niinents, and from the example of every ruler over divers tribes or nationalities, ly, that in certain conditions of society the oaiatc authority and close supervision of a arch over the powerful religious interests 1 which lie has to reckon at every step, is a {" ni,t 0Ill y of political expediency, but of necessity to effective control over them. n ' c m Ringing away the one real political ma^c-which accrues to us from our boasted . ' uf perfect neutrality—that of enabling superintend and guarantee the ; \ administration of ' all sects with impartiality, and with the con- 0 . our subjects. I must riot Plwsed to regret the abolition of the old > under which public officers were literally ^.anamanagers for religious institutions : '.^111 was rightly condemned. .But to 1 Ma?. / i le llist ?ric ties between Church 4 of (r Asiatic religions from every v ev. j™.™.subordination to the executive a ed in n experiment never L bsfore country of the Old World." ssinir vJ MW °P ens with an article pn the \V ;ii', " n of Lord Mayo, which is attributed s^MSm - Mr Robert H. Elliott, who, ' If t!,er at vigor ' holds that on this point i;iv ivii/f VGnimeilt for legal evidences e v er ; and the question no& is, sl ( l ould wait for more assassinations 'lit t,, T e Tlle ' r e can be 'no doubt that we the latter ^lieeU, alternative. This st he? 1UUSt be 8t amped out.' These meri, ^ e ^ i r ^ dcr not 5 , 'appreciate oUr fe w e exlji -f 6y , -cowardice, .and : the 1 ^turallv / °> the.greater contempt they 1 for U atful nL s -'" ' There -is a ver y I. s, . ^011 J^ariocnismand Divinity,": a "•i>isi Jlojj^-g n interesting account of the \- v a 'id snl!? 1 "''® Magazine is & remarkably ^ "umber.. . • ,. . ;.. .. n^T^ this; month .commences, a s '' Kensington,". of which «un. m, chapters. ..The ,story is: wtr, 'm „ it® m °8tvambitiouB .article is, "rnistre .Malgrfc lin," being an account t)f "of Mnde Ris, a member pf the French • National Assembly,,' 'who had'; no political preferences. It is hardly so full of fun as some of the burlesque political stories we have seen in the CoriiliUl, jmt it is sufficiently amusing. : The Contemporary Review is always excellent reading, and • the number this month is no exception to the rule. We can only refer to an article. "Is Eternal Punishment an open Question in the •Church of England ?" by Anglicaniis. . Speaking of eternal punishment, our author says—'' The upholders of the dread dogma seem strongly to resemble Job's three friends, Elipliaz, Bildad, and Zophar. They like to be on 'the strong side, and care not how hard they press on frail mortality. They delight to array God' s greatness against man's weakness, in order to crush the latter out of all hope and heart. There is a show of piety, in being, as they suppose, on God's side. But it is a mere show of good. Let them learn the true nature of their proceeding by what is said in the last chapter of that sublime book. Did the champions of the Almighty, as they thought themselves, get much credit for their pains? Far from it. "The State ; the Government; and Scientific Morality," by Henry Holbeach, is concluded in this number. 'Dark Blue is a good number, all the better for the abandonment of the old unsightly cover in favour of one of much neater design. The best article in the number is that by Mi' H. D. Traill entitled "The Day after my Death." In the end it will be a satire on English law, but in every subordinate detail of the sketch there is an infinity of fun. Blackwood' lias a strong and bitter political article on the " Ministers, the Parliament, and the Country." Happily this style of political attack has gone out of date, except with a few men whose violence and misrepresentations only-injure their own cause. Leaving the politics, Blackwood gives us much that is attractive. Temple Bar is better than usual this month. It presents its readers with as many as thirteen articles, independently of Miss Broughton's serial story. " No Living Voice" is a thrilling ghost story. Macrrtillan's Magazine contains a short biographical notice of Mazzini, by Mr David Ma,sson. Professor Liebreicli's extremely interesting lecture on Turner and Mulready is here printed in full. Tinslctfs Magazine lias a powerful feature in Mr Farjeon's new story of " London's Heart." With the exception, however, of "The Prevailing Malady" and "Modern "Versions of the Classics," the remainder of the number is hardly up the usual high average. St. Paul's is good, but wants relief. Hawthorne's " Septimus" is subtle, but unfinished and unsatisfactory. Miss Inglelow's stoiy is more enjoyable. 