MR. J. M. PEEBLES. Among the many' celebrities who have visited these colonies of late years, we have not until now been called upon to chronicle the arrival of an American spiritualistic writer and lecturer. Mr. James Martin Peebles, who was a passenger to New Zealand by the last Californian mail boat, and has now come on to Melbourne in the steamer Hero, is, if we may judge the voluminous' biography penned by a brother spiritualist J, 0. Barrett and the notices in English and American " egoistic" newspapers and magazines, a remarkable specimen of his class. That he is an author of some pretensions will be known to all who have read his magnum opus, TIieSeersoflhaAges, a book which, spite of of occasional hyperbole and inflation of style, offensive to English taste, is held in high estimation by spiritualists. As a lecturer Mr Peebles has had something like a quarter of -fl.ceutuTy's practice, and is reported to be eloquent and impressive. His life has been an eventful and, according to his biographers, a marvellous one. Premising that the 300 page volume whence we cull the following particulars is remarkable for its rhapsodical turgiscence, and treats of seemingly supernatural incidents such as have not been much witnessed since the days of the apostles, we enter upon a strange and unwonted task. The subject of this notice was born on the 23rd March, 1822, in Whittingham, Windham county,' Vermont, where he was duly brought up, birched, and educated like ordinary boys. As a youth he was a stammered, but under the tuition of a Professor Hurlbutt, and by the use of the Demosthenes pebble under the tongue, he was cured. At the age of 17 he started in life as a district schoolmaster at Pitcher, Chenango county, N.Y., but shortly after determining to join the university, he resumed his studies at Oxford Academy in the same county, whence he, was called as a Universalist minister, and preached his first sermon in the town of M'Lean, N.Y., where he acted as pastor for five successive years. He continued in the Universalist ministry for more than 12 years, taking at the same time a keen interest in the Temperance movement. He was one of the select committee who drafted the degrees of the Good Templars, who have now established themselves in all parts of the world, and was the National R. W. Grand Chaplain of the order. In 1856 Mr. Peebles, having turned to spiritualism, became too heretical for the Universalist. At a seance he attended he received the most "striking" proofs of spirit presence in the shape of them and blows from invisible agents hard enough to make him cry out for quarter. When he had thoroughly succumbed to this vigorous treatment he was told to " go and preach his highest convictions of truth and duty." He found a congregation of mingled spiritualists, universalist, quakers, and free thinkers, at Battle Creek, New York, and having married, remained there as pastor of the "First Free Church" for about six years. In 1858 Mr. Peebles, " proceeding under spirit direction," took charge of a wild young rapscallion, of Battle Creek, named Dunn, who had been stolen when a boy by a horde of bandits, and trained to most descriptions of vice. This youth he reclaimed, helped him to develope as a " healing medium," and acted towards him as an elder brother." This rescued was., now become a gentleman of means, has accompanied Mr. Peebles in his present tour. In 1860 Mr. Peebles, suffering from ill health, left his charge at Battle Creek for a while, and visited California, of course acting under the advice of spirits, who appear never to desert him. In San Francisco the papers announced him as a " Universalist- Unitarian Spiritualist," and his platform was thus proclaimed : " Bound to no party, to no sect confined, The world our home, our biothreaall mankind: Love truth, du pood, be just and fair with a 1, Exa to the right though every -Ism' tall." Desirous of witnessing a phase of life from which he had always hitherto shrunk, Mr. Peebles in 1803 journeyed to the seat of war as clerk to a United States officer with the suggestive name of Kilgore. Then for some time he "administered comfort to the sick, wounded, and dying soldiers," and wrote letters in the interest of peace to the newspapers. At the close of the war, making Battle Creek the base of his operations, he instituted lecturing tours through every state but three of the Union. In 1867 he and Mrs. Peebles removed to Hammonton, New Jersey, and one of the editorial departments of The Banner of Light was confided to his charge. In the following year he devoted himself to the completion of the work which had some timeengagedhis attention, and which was published in 1860, That winter Mr. Peebles, lecturing in Washington, was invited to accompany. " The Congressional Indian Peace Commission." consisting of Generals Harney, Sheridan, Sherman, San born, and Taylor, Colonel Parker and Colonel Tappau. He accompanied this expedition-escorted himself by several Indian spirits and was present at the conference of the two nations, where the pipe of peace was duly smoked. He afterwards accepted the position of editor of a weekly paper called the Universe, published first in Chicago and subsequently in New York. The "band of spirits who took charge of his welfare, however, had long promised him that he should visit the areas of the East, by whose literature he had ever been attracted, and at this time friends in Washington obtained for him unexpectedly the appointment of U.S. Consul at Trebizond in Asia. The newspaper notices of this preferment were very exuberant, and one of them remarked, "This appointment affords a proof that the United States Government does not bestow its favours entirely upon political aspirants." He reached England in August, 1869, and was well received by on influential circle One of his first excursions was a visit to Yorkshire to test the statements of one of his guardian spirits," who had announced himself as having lived in that county two centuries ago. Accompanied by Mr. Robert Green, of Brotherton, and assisted by a venerable antiquarian, Mr. Peebles avers he discovered in the musty records of the " Will Office," York, unmistakable evidence of the earthly existence of the Rev. James Knight, of whom he was in search. After enjoying the honour of a reception from the spiritualists of London, Mr. Peebles proceeded to Paris, where he made the acquaintance of that distinguished believer in the spiritual philosophy, Leon Favre, Consul-General of France, and his brother Jules Favre. From France he travelled to Greece, and thence to Constantinople, where he assumed his official status, and took part in the grand pageant got up in honour of the French Empress and the Emperor of Austria on their way to open the Suez Canal "Empress and Emperor, Dukes, Princes, Ambassadors, Ministers, Consuls, Pashas on Arab steeds ; the Sultan with bodyguards from all races in the empire. How strange a sight ! Mr. Peebles, among these officials, attired in courtly Turkish costume, going to the worship of Allah " Of this spectacle he wrote "It was little pleasure to see, and less to be officially 'tested round,' mingling in that gay throng of rulers and diplomats. The form of reception, the display, the pageantry were so anti-American ; the salutes from the land batteries, the thundering of cannon, the flag dressed men of-war, were so repulsive to my peace principles, that I longed to get away from plumes, feathers, and epaulettes, away from gilded buttons, dangling swords, red ribbons, and the glittering trappings of royalty, away into my library or on some mountain with God, angels, and birds," Mr. Peebles was not at home as a consul, evidently, and it is not surprising that, after a brief residence in Trebizond, where he made the acquaintance of the distinguished English consul, Mr. Palgrave, he abandoned the position, and betook him once more to his travels. After journeying through the Holy Land in a spirit slightly different from that legs of Mark Twain, he visited the old |p -Ionian city of Ephesus. Passing to Italy, as he was at Rome while the (Ecumenical Council was in session, and at Florence subsequently became a member of the opposition Assemble des Libres Perseus, which was summoned by Count Riccardo. Mr. Peebles returned to England in 1870, and entered upon a regular lecturing came page. An incident occurred after one of his lectures at Bradford, which is thus recorded : \- One of the audience popped up and said, The able gentleman has told us about Spiritual things; now, we would like a test. Show us a ghost and we will believe, and sat down amid a sensation. Mr. Peebles replied, The gentleman believes in God ; ^willheshow us God? He believes in Jesus h Christ ; will he show us Jesus Christ?' And ; he added, I am a lecturer on spiritual philosophy ; my mission is to instruct by the gift of knowledge. not to show a ghost' " From the sketch we have given, our readers will be able to form an idea of what Mr. Peebles purports to be. We have only to add, that judging from the testimony of a friendly press, our visitor would appear everywhere to have comported himself as an honest, earnest man, and to have made hosts of warm and enthusiastic friends. His main peculiarity is that he is accompanied by a band of holy spirits, ranging from the apostle John downwards, but as those seem to manifest themselves only to himself and his) attendant medium he may fairly challenge; the intelligent hearing which would be accorded to any other literary or oratorical! celebrity. We see that a soiree is to be given in his honour at the Masonic hall on Friday, ; and that he will make his appearance as a lecturer at the Temperance-hall on Monday. 