|The Reddlkb in a repository ot all sortf at jmgg|pa, innlinifnp arithmeticaL ilgebnicj wad atbv - juthenutied arablffliu^ T«Hnj ficrman, -French, English, ittglot, triglot, and polyglot chaxade% anagrams,^. arithmorems; ■nigmaa, rebuses, acrostics, diamond, pyra diagonal, and other 'geometrical pnzzles, literal and arithmetical labyrinthB, metagrams, polyglot etymology, magic squares, distributed enigmas, logogriphs, halyptonyms, chronograms, transpositions; acrostics, conundrums, quips and cranks, Ac. Correspondents Bending questions for solution are requested to transmit also the replies,and to state if the problems are original^ Or, ifselected, from what sources they -have been' tA"1- The preferenoe .will be given to nuchas are origia&hl; : NEW PROBLEMS. Distributed Chabadb, No. 4. , 1,642. Four lines will be published each week till the whole appears. The answers ■will be published in the order they are ' received:— Whenon the battlements Benuudo stood, Wnd the pale ghost without my first-appeared; The war nor might have reasonably feared, It's comiBg indicated nothing good. - Let "the great globe itself" in twain berent, Then at its centrewiHbe seen my attend' "Bound as the full-orbed moon/' My third is reckoned To just two score and ten equivalent. " Spirits of "health," like whisky, gin, and nun, Are "bottle imps" when In theirprison bound. Take one of these. My last it will be.found Will change him in ah instant to a drum. 1,658. Charade, by Fred Forrester.— As the gods are 'depicted, By artists addicted To illustrate heathen mythology, There is one with a lyre Whese too' partialattire Is but really a tiresome Apol(l)ogy. But as now I've begun Fray excuse this vfle pun, And among the nude myths please be searcbin'. With the playful young imps You may catch a brief glimpse Of my Jirst with an artful young urchin. If far north you should steer, Then my last you may hear, As the stars in their splendour are shining; Should yon happen to Stay-. At a " bull-puncher's" dray, When the twilight is slowly declining. But if now you put in Just a Vowel between My two terminal letters so kindly, Then my last you may greet In ah-Adelaide street, Either Bundle, £ing William, or Hindley. Now my whole may be seen, In a cheap magazine, ; Which can boast of a large circulation, Among youngmenand lasses, "'.V And most working classes, J Composing the bulk of the nation, ijjp' '1,659. Numbered' Charade, by Rover.— "Hy6 2 6 is a recluse, 6 5 1 5 3 maybe definedas "belonging to ships," 4 5 6 is a Vessel for holding water, 4 5 6 5 3 is con ifcrncted to hold water and vessels also. Hy itfhole is the name of a celebrated forger, ■ who was banished from home byhis amiable paternalrelative. 1.660. Transposition, by O. O. E.—I am a newspaper. ' Transposed 1 am printed in it. Transpose me again and again and- again, and 1 am successively fond of cheese, what a cannon, does to smoke, and what a father does to his unruly child. 1.661. Acrostic, by H. W. Strangways.— 1 a beverage, 2 a fruit, .3 recompense, >4 a small shield, 5a flag, 6 ashallow pond, 7 an alliance, 6 to enlighten,^ 9 te constrain or gratify, 10 a number. Each word oontains the same number of- letters. The initia'U read downwards give the name of a post town in South Australia.' 1.662. Transposition, by H. Gardner.— StGHATUBB TOSABAH U XJSTBR. 1.663. Arithmetical, by . John Piyor. — Divide 200 into four parts,, such that the first plus 4, the second .minus; 4, the third multiplied by4, and the fourth divided" by 4 will be equal. 1.664. Arithmetical, by Zero.—Divide 340 into four whole numbers so that the first plus 2,"the Becohd minus 3, the third divided by 4, and the fourth multiplied by5, shall be to each other as 2, 3, 4, and 5 respectively. 1.665. Geometrical, by J. E. M.—A globe whose diameter is = 1, being placed in the corner of a right-angled box, so as to .touch the bottom and two adjacent sides, what is the diameter of the largest globe which can stand between the corner and the first-men tioned globe! All correct answers to/the above received before Tuesday/August 6, will be acknow ledged in " The Riddler" of August 10. Reference to each by number will be suffi > cient. . • 