CORRESPONDENCE. JOHN TOMKINS'S LETTEBS TO HIS COUSIN IN ENGLAND. On The Land Refobh League (Continued). My dear Fred—I am sorry I was compelled to break off in my last. As it happens, however, it will make no difference to you, because as the English mail goes this month a day earlier than usual, you will get both letters at once. I have already stated my impression that the League is likely to encounter opposition, especially because it strikes at deep-rooted prejudices which were, very recently at any rate, supposed to be the almost universal opinion of the people. Now, abandoning for the moment the consideration of all principles, either moral or economic, the chief objections against the plan as proposed by the League, seem to me to be :—that it will open the way to awkward disputes, and that it will not ; give security of tenure, nor what is perhaps for all practical purposes almost as important, will it create the idea of security of tenure. The land is to be leased for twenty-one years, then put up to auction, the highest bidder becoming the lessee —the incoming tenant to pay the outgoing one for his own improvements. Arbitrators might be able to decide the value of certain improvements pointed out to them. But I do not see bow they or any one else, except the tenant, could decide how much of those improvements had been car ■ried out by himself during his tenancy; nor do I see how, if there were nodoubtupon this point, they could decide how much of the increased, value is due to these improvements, and how much is due to .progress of civilization. In addition to this there is an increase of value conceivable with which neither G-overnment nor lessee ought to be credited, each as that arising from the proximity of some works carried on in the neighbourhood by private companies or individuals. It is said to be an advantage of the auction system that the man becomes his own valuator. I hardly think this' is seriously meant ss an argu ment in favor of it. It requires no great fore-' sight to see that the system might become very oppressive. The land ought undoubtedly to be worth more money to the man who has spent money upon it than to any one else. Others'would know this, and might out of spite run him up at the auction. Besides which, it is not the usual relation between landlord and tenant that the latter is his own valuator. And it is somewhat hard upon a new tenant that he should have to pay an outgoing tenant the value of improvements made by him and also the increased rental which those improvements make the land worth. I am not quite sure whether this is intended. If it is, it would be unfair. It looks well upon paper to talk of settling questions of valuation by arbitra tion; but I am afraid in actual working many difficulties would arise as between the G-overnment and the occupier—a result to be most jealously guarded against. It must not be forgotten that there is an in stinctive desire on the part of Anglo-Saxons to have land that shall be their own, and shall des cend to their children. And I fbinV it is very desirable to encourage such a feeling to the most extreme limit compatible with public convenience. The system of 21 years' leases does not encourage it, even though it may as a matter of feet be true that very few freehold farms are held by the same owner for twenty-one years. If the G-overnment reserves to itself the right to resume the land at any time when wanted for public purposes—and by that I mean not only for public works, bat if a redistribution of the land j should be neeessaiy in consequence of too much getting into the hands of one person—with such proviso the leases might be and should be for ever j the land being valued at stated intervals, and the rent raised or lowered accordingly. With buildings I think the Government should have nothing to do. The tenure of .the lessee should be lite the old " copy hold, equal to freehold." In simply classifying the rental of agricultural lands there would not be much difficulty—the changes would not be very great. But, presuming of course that the Government would ultimately repossess itself of all the property thus far alienated, the classifica tion of the rents of town lands would require to be made more frequently, and might easily follow the basis of the Corporation assessment. The points which seem to me to require to be distinctly provided for are these. That for no reasons except su'h as are occasioned by the exi gency of public requirements, or a refusal to . comply witn the known terms, should a tenant or his descendants be ejected from'his property. That any increase in rent should be made upon the valuation of the Government; and that the lessee should have the first option of continuing the holding at such increase. The advantage of such a scheme would be that land and buildings would still be available as good security, and those who erected buildings on the land could transfer their lease wholly or for a term ; the Government having nothing at all to do with the buildings, but only with the land. Security of tenure would in this way be ensured, and real property would continue to be in many cases a valuable investment. I have not intentionally misrepresented any part of the League's programme, and I hope I have not done so at alL The general object ainted at is most important and desirable. I hope to see it carried, and I hope also to see the day when there shall not be one inch of land in the country of which the Government are not the landlords. My chief objections to the scheme of the League are that by stating vague principles they challenge controversy, and open the Vway to grave misapprehensions, and that their practical rules are not sound. Literally a perpetual lease, with the one condition that G-o vernment may resume at any time when the public convenience or safety actually demands it, is what is wanted. The periodical valuations must be specially arranged. I scarcely see how the same term could be adopted all through the country. Let such a system be inaugurated, and then we should be in a position to say to intending immi grants, " You will get all the security of a free hold without the cost." There is by the way one difficulty which occurs to me. There are in stances in which a farmer does not get sufficient from his year's work to pay a rent of 6ay 6d. an acre. How would such cases be met ? I quite anticipate that it will be said in answer to the suggestions I have made, that they are not so sound in principle as the programme of the League. Possibly this may be so. But, humi liating as it is to confess it, experience seems to teach that all reforms, excepting such as are effected by violence, must be made gradually. To get a syBtem of leasehold tenure supplanting the system of freehold tenure will be a great advance. To arrange a system by which Govern ment should receive a fixed proportion of the increased annual value of property at certain in tervals, would be an acknowledgment of the prin ciple that the State should share in this increased value. This plan would not be cumbersome or awkward in working, and would furnish us with fresh facts upon which to found our leading prin ciples. Moreover, it is the law of progress and reform all the world over. Tribunals existed before law—practice oomes before theory—art before science. Fully believing, as I do, in a glorious future, and in the wisdom of working for it and preparing for it, I am equally convinced that it is possible to neglect the glorious present. Whilst keeping before us the broad highway along which we have to travel, we must not be unmindful of the at tention requisite to some of the bye-roads which are all-important to us in the present. In con nection with the land question, one of these bye roads with us seems to me to be the importance of getting cultivators to feel a real interest in the true working of the land* It is more important with us than in old countries. Anything that will tend to this, without the sacrifice of higher principles, is to be fostered by us. Perpetual leases, such as I have described, will foster this. And at the same time they will make men . familiar with Jthe true duty of the State in rela tion to the soil of the country. | I am afraid you will not be much interested in this subject. But for a young country it is veiy important. A system of perpetual leases once instituted, the ghost of the land question would be laid, and there would be this satisfactory thought, that the increasing prosperity of the country would bring in an increasing revenue to the Government without the necessity of resorting to additional taxation. I can spare no further time just now, but I may write you again on this subject soon. Your affectionate Cousin, JOHN TOMKINS. Kapunda, S.A., Jane 17,1872. 