THE WEEK. mr. robertson to the rescue. Mr. Robertson is not much of an orator, although he sometimes makes clever speeches; nor is he a very acute logician, although he sometimes reasons with considerable subtlety. In a letter to the Herald , published in Wednes day's issue, he gives a curious analysis of Mr. Parkes's statement to the effect that his present confreres in office were his old political asso ciates. The following is Mr. Robertson's com ment on this bold assertion : — \- " Mr. Piddington gets credit for twenty-five years' association of this kind ! Mr. Parkes, in the same speech, boasts of having supported the Electoral Act of 1858, with all its liberal pro visions, and especially those relating to manhood suffrage and vote by ballot. But did Mr. Pid dington vote for those reforms ? Mr. Butler is put down for eighteen years. But was Mr. Butler associated with Mr. Parkes by way even of approval of his un-English and dastardly conduct in cross-examining a prisoner while awaiting, in gaol, trial on a capital charge, and, without letting that prisoner know it, placing a shorthand writer behind the door to take down his carelessly spoken words. Was Mr. Butler as sociated with Mr. Parkes in his outrageous con duct to Father Billon ? Or was he a party to the Kiama Ghost falsehoods, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; ? Mr. Samuel, whom every one respects,- next comes in for mention, but his name was dropped as if it had been spoken inadvertently, or, at least, improvident tly ; for even Mr. Parkes was not hardy enough to claim long association, or even any association at all", with him. Mr. Suther land is next honored by Mr. Parkes's notice, and a more worthy man than Mr. Sutherland does not exist. But if the manner in which Mr. Parkes dealt with Mr. Sutherland, throughout the whole time Mr. Sutherland was in office, and eveffalmost to the present time, is the manner in which Mr. Parkes deals with ' highly esteemed life-long associates,' it should be a caution to new acquaintances to break off while his ac quaintance is yet young. Mr. Farnell is noticed as another of the eighteen -years associates in all great political struggles in which Mr. Parkes has taken part. In another part of the same speech, Mr. Parkes boasts of having ' supported Mr. Robertson's Land Acts.' But did not Mr. Farnell lose.his seat for Parramatta for his op position to those Acts ? Mr. George A. Lloyd ! Well, this gentleman, though introduced with very tall surroundings, has nothing very decided said of him in the way of long association. Yet such association is almost implied. Surely, all the time Mr. Parkes has been airing his patriotism, he has not been engaged in clever manoeuvres in the flour market? Mr, Innes is next introduced, but with nothing more than 'honorable mention.' I hope he feels flat tered !" It will be well for Members of Parliament to consider these allegations, and narrowly watch Mr. Parkes. dalley on parkes. On Monday evening, Mr. W. B. Dalley shook off his v apathy, and appeared before -a meeting of electors, and said a good many things cleverly —the following being the best : "I am, on this occasion," he said, "animated by no personal feeling, influenced by no resentment, inspired by no disappointment. Addressing you, who so many years ago bestowed upon me the highest distinction in your power to confer, I am alone sensible of the obligations of gratitude for honors which you then gave so gloriously upon the trust of my honor and truth. Thank God ! lean again, after the lapse of so many years, come before you, who honored me so young, so unde serving as I was then, and with all humility face you, and say I have done nothing to cause you to regret your confidence, ' or me to be ashamed at your generosity. And I now come before you to denounce the candidature of the Premier of this country as a sham and' an impo sition, a disguise and a national humiliation." He concluded with the following stinging remarks : " I have come here to-night un willingly. I never wish to say an- unkind word of any living creature; but there are characters so repulsive as to make silence upon the part of honest men a crime, and combinations too infa mous to make toleration anything but treason against truth. Such a character and such a combination are now before you. Support one and ratify the other, and you cover yourselves with humiliation, and dishonor the Constitution. Something has been said of the great, honest, far-seeing, and noble statesman so recently called away to his account. His pure and un sullied name has been dragged in the dust of ignoble triumphs. Think of him — of his hatred of a lie — of his immeasurable scorn of impostors — of his great love and worship of eternal truth — and do homage to his memory by defeating a conspiracy against liberty." Mr. Parkes winced under this rhetorical castigation ; but, as he had nothing to urge against Mr. Dalley's public con duct, he confined himself, at a meeting held the evening following, to a sarcastic criticism of Mr. Dalley's gloves and waistcoats ! destructive eire in sussex street. Barker's celebrated Australian Tweed Factory — for years creditably at the head of our cloth- manufacturing industry— was destroyed by fire on the morning of the -17th inst. It would appear that at about half-past three, on the morning mentioned, Constable Sparkes, who was on duty in Sussex Street, noticed a dense volume of smoke issuing from the building, and shortly after wards observed flames on the second floor. - He immediately gave the alarm at the Insurance Fire Brigade Station, and in a short space of time the steam fire-engine and the two manuals were on the spot. Mr. Bown, the superintend ent, immediately upon receiving the inform ation from the constable, proceeded to the scene of the fire, and, by the time the engines had arrived, had everything prepared for active' operation. There was, however, the usual want of water in such cases ; and, although the fire men did all that brave and skilled men could do under the circumstances, the almost total destruction of the property could not be pre vented. Messrs. Barker and Co. are insured in the following offices, in the sums set down against them, respectively : Royal, £4,000 ; Vic toria, £3,500 ; Australasian, £2,000 ; Sydney, £1,500 ; Liverpool and London, £2,000; Scottish Commercial, £1,600; Imperial; £1,500. Total, £16,100. This sum will barely cover half the loss sustained by the firm, independently of the contingent loss caused by the temporary sus pension of business. It is feared that many families — the employes of the establishment and those depending on them— will suffer in con sequence of this destruction. parramatta river murders. The trial of those wretched men, George Alfred Nichols and Alfred Lester, alias Froude, for the murder of Bridger and Walker on the Parramatta River, commenced on Monday, be fore Mr. Justice Hargrave, at the Central Criminal Court, and terminated the .following day, . The Attorney-General (Mr. Butler) and Mr. Windeyer prosecuted, . . Mr. Grantly Fitz- hardinge and Mr. E. Barton, instructed by Mr. J. Robinson, appeared for the prisoner Lester. Mr. Dillon and Mr. O'Keefe, instructed by Mr. R. Driver, appeared for the prisoner Nichols. The jury were but forty minutes considering their verdict, and found the prisoners guilty of the murder of William Percy Walker. The appearance of the prisoners is thus described by the Empire : — ' ' From the time that the prisoners were brought into court in the morning and placed in the dock, until the time of their counsel ad dressing the jury, both of them wore < a look of ease and confidence. During the whole of the trial, as was also the case during the inquest, the prisoners always stood apart from each other ; never speaking, and never even noticing one another. Yesterday (Monday) Nichols oc casionally busied himself with pencil and paper, apparently making notes. When standing up in the dock, though his face looked worn, he betrayed no particular -interest in the proceed ings, until his counsel and that of his companion in crime, Lester, were addressing the jury for the defence. On one occasion, while sitting in the dock, Nichols asked a policeman for a drink of water. The policeman' apparently did not understand him, and bent his head to catch Nichols' words. Nichols spoke again smilingly; and the policeman, understanding, got the water and gave it to him, when he drank it off, and gave back the glass with a laugh. Lester, from the time of entering the dock in the morning till the time of the counsel for the defence ad dressing the jury, wore a placid look,, and watched with apparent interest the witnesses as they gave their evidence. When the prisoners' counsel had returned into court after having retired for half an hour to arrange the defence, both the prisoners began to be agitated. They stood up when Mr. Dillon rose to address the jury; Nichols watching the face of the learned counsel, and Lester looking down on the floor. As the addresses- proceeded, both prisoners began to show signs of agitation, which they had not exhibited before. Nichols looked very anxious, and seemed to see that the defence was hopeless ; Lester, especially when Mr. Fitz- hardinge, on one occasion, appealed to the jury as to whether his client looked like a murderer appeared much affected. , He looked down on the floor, and his face appeared to be so suffused with emotion that he seemed ready to burst into tears. During .the latter part of the day, and until the time of the jury coming back into court, the prisoners were allowed to sit down in the dock. When the verdict was announced, the two prisoners stood up. Nichols, who entirely lost his self-possession, could scarcely refrain from tears. They both leaned on the iron railing of the dock, and their attitude and expression showed that they keenly felt the awful position in which they were placed. , To the usual question why sentence of death should not be passed upon him, the prisoner Nichols could only faintly articulate: "May may — may it please your" — The remainder of the words (says the Empire ) was lost; for, at the moment when he appeared to be about to pronounce the word "Honor," an involuntary but loud and deep-drawn sigh es caped him, the sound of which was like the yelp of a small dog, and, ietting go his hold of the iron bars, he fell heavily on to the floor of the dock. Every person in court was completely un nerved, and for a few seconds there was a still ness, which was only interrupted and made more painful by the sensational " Ohs " which escaped many persons in the crowded court. The ex citement was very great, the spectators appear ing to think that what had occurred showed that the prisoner's conscience was at work, and that it tended to prove that the jury had arrived at a correct verdict. As the court was densely crowded, and the dock hemmed in on all sides, it took some time before the door could be opened so as to admit of relief being afforded to Nichols'. In the meantime, Lester stood over and gazed at the features of Nichols, and appeared as if he too was at length giving away. He was trembling, and about to release his hold of the bars, when a constable from outside the dock caught him by the arms, and held him up. Brandy having been procured, and medical assistance obtained, Nichols was at length brought to consciousness, and Lester, who had by this time commenced to cry bit terly, had also spirits administered to him to keep him from fainting. Both prisoners were, how ever, quite unable to stand; so four policemen had to remain in the dock, and hold them against the rails, while the sentence of death was passed upon them. Nichols rested his forehead on his hands, which he p lace cl on the woodwork of the front part of the dock, and did not move while the judge made some appropriate observations and sentenced him to death. Lester rested his head on his arm and cried bitterly all the time. Restoratives having been administered, his Honor, in an emotional voice, proceeded to pro nounce sentence: — George Robert Nichols, you have just been found guilty of one of the most cold-blooded and atrocious murders ever perpetrated in any civi lized country. The evidence has proved your guilt (and that of the unhappy young man by your side) beyond the possibility of any doubts either in the minds of myself or of the jury or of any one in court, or of any one who may hereafter read the narrative of this trial. I warn vou that the sentence of death, which I must presently pronounce upon you, will, and must, be carried out, without your having the slightest hope of any remission or reprieve. I look in vain at the evidence to discover any one circumstance upon which the most merciful imagination of any human being can lay hold, by way of excuse or pal liation, for your awful crime, or for your ignomi nious execution on the scaffold. On the contrary all tne circumstances surrounding your crime are of such unexampled cruelty, show such hardened wickedness, and have spread such universal horror oyer the whole colony, that I do not believe a single human being could be found, on reading the evidence, to petition for any mercy on your wretched life. It is only two short years since, on the 18th of May, 1870, I my self sentenced you and your present comrade in this murder to two years' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Darlinghurst gaol ; you, Nichols — under the alias of Davidson, Cameron Mit chell—having pleaded guilty to two charges of obtaining, by false pretences, the wearing ap parel of two poor widow- women, Mrs.Minaresand Mrs. \A oodwaid, and also to a charge of forgery and uttering; and you Froude, alias Lester, having pleaded guilty to no less than five sepa rate charges of obtaining goods by false pretences and forgery, and uttering, between the 9th and 28th of March, 1870. And now you have been, found guilty of a murder surrounded with circum stances, proving, beyond doubt, that you have sought to maintain yourself not by honest in dustry, but by the systematic murder of your fellow-creatures. The evidence in this particu lar Case proves, that After you had allured your intended victim— an unfortunate stranger in Sydney, lodging here, but in search of employ ment as a cleik or book-keeper, into a boat hired by you and Lester, at the foot of King Street— Lester carried part of his luggage back to an hotel, there leaving it for the night; and that in this boat you andLester deliberately rowed your victim, on the evening of the 13th of March, to the place of his intended murder. During this last journey, he must have conversed with you as a fiiend, taking him to his future home, when you were speeding onwards in the gloom of evening till you had taken him far beyond all human aid, into an unfrequented spot of Sydney harbor; and then, even while hope was cheering his poor deluded heart with the fancied ap proach to his future home, which you had falsely placed before him, you dashed your remorseless life-preserver with repeated blows upon his head one wound breaking into his brains. But you Jfltgot that Almighty God "was" watching your every act ; and He has said that " He will make inquisition for blood, and He will remember the stranger and friendless." The very cord with which you fastened the heavy stone to his body has been identified, and. with the other evidence furnishes an awful fulfilment of God's words — " That the wicked shall be snared in the work of his own hands." You, in deed, thought discovery of your crime was im possible when you had swung the yet warm, and perhaps still breathing, body over the boat's side, and heard it plunge into the depths of that lonely river channel. But even while you were possessing yourself in Sydney of the " Christian Year," and other religious books, and well-filled box of clothes of your poor victim, his shattered corpse was rising to the surface of the water in spite of all your cunning, and was being wafted to the shallows of the river shore, where the limbs met the horrified gaze of the fisherman, Denis Nolan, who put the keen-eyed police upon \- your track ; bringing you almost instantly to human justice. I beseech you to betake your self at once to the ministers of religion of what ever denomination you are ; receive their \- spiritual advice, and implicitly follow their in structions, from the moment you reach the cell of the condemned, so that you may be brought at once to implore the forgiveness of Almighty God, whose clearest law you have so grievously broken ; and before whose eternal judgment-seat it is that you must meet your unoffending vic tim face to face, when the dark waters of ocean and river shall give up their uncoffined millions to the voice of God. I implore you to devote the last few days that remain for you upon earth to humble, contrite, earnest prayers for God's forgiveness of your guilty soul — not only for this crime of murder, but for every other sin that you have been guilty of. I heartily pray that your penitential sorrows may yet reach God's throne, even at the last moment of your life, before the door of repentance closes upon you by your execution. The prisoner Lester, when asked why sentence of death should not be passed on him, handed in the following statement: — j Bridger's Case. — On Thursday morning, the 7th March last, about breakfast ttime, the pri soner Nichols requested me to go and obtain a boat from Buckley's, and take the same to the Grafton wharf, and be there at 5 o'clock. I was to make the boat fast at the wharf, and look out for a barrowman, whom I was to ask where he (the barrowman) came from, and to whom the things belonged. If they were from the -Hosario, I was to leave them at the Boyal Standard. Nichols told me to leave the things at the Koyal Standard, as he had seen the land lord, Griffiths, and it would be all right. I saw the barrowman (Driscoll), and he assisted me into the house with the things. Driscoll waited till about half-past 5, when Bridger came down, in company with another young man (whom I thought belonged to the same ship as Bridger). After he had gone, and at about twenty minutes to 6, Nichols came. Nichols and Bridger had a conversation in the parlor of the public-house; I being at the time of the con versation outside the public-house (Royal Stand ard). Nichols called me inside, and we had a flass of ale each. Nichols paid for the drink, went to the boat, unfastened it. Bridger and Nichols came down and got into the boat. Bridger and I pulled an oar each, Nichols steer ing. Nichols and I landed at Balmain, Bridger being left in the boat. Nichols said, before we got to Balmain, " I forgot to get something to drink; we 11 go m here (meaning Halmam) and get it." When we got to Balmain, Nichols told me to come up with him. I went with him to the public-house, and he (Nichols) got fifteen-pence worth of pale brandy, in a gingerbeer bottle. We returned to the boat, and Bridger and I pulled up the Parra- matta River. Nichols sang out to me, " We will go ashore here for ballast for the boat." I went ashore. Nichols pointed out a stone. I could not lift it. Nichols got ashore, and we both put it into the boat; it was dusk at the time. We went a long way up the river. I was pulling both sculls. When we were proceeding,' Nichols said, "We shan't be able to go up to night; it is getting low water. We had better lay down and go to sleep." Nichols took the sprit, put it into the mud, and made the boat fast by the painter to the sprit. Bridger had a bottle of (o.p. Navy) rum with him, which we had nearly emptied up to this time. We had a drink, when Bridger lay down on the starboard and I on the port side of the boat. . Nichols was at this time sitting in the stern sheets (between the seat and the stern). I fell off to sleep, and was awakened, about half-past 6 (after daylight) on Friday morning, by hearing the report of a pistol. I got up, when Nichols told me to make a rope, which he had rolled up in a paper, fast to the stone, and look alive, that he (Nichols) was going to send this fellow (pointing to Bridger's body) pearl-fishing. I made fast the rope in a way, being at the time in great fear, when Nichols came forward, took the rope from me, again fastened the rope round the stone, then round Bridger's legs, took Bridger's boots and soeks off, took four £1 notes and a lot of silver out of deceased's, breast pocket. Nichols after wards told me he took £6 14s. from deceased. Nichols asked me to give him a hand up with the stone on to the side of the boat; I did so. He (Nichols) pushed the stone over the boat, and the body followed. We then went up for the coffee, and afterwards came to Sydney. Evidence taken as to the disposition of the property correct. Walker's Case. — On Monday, 11th March, Nichols abused me for want of courage, a nd said that " dead men tell no tales," and told me of the advertisements and the quantity of replies he had received, and that if I would go with him he would give me sufficient to return home at once respectable, but that if I refused' to go I was to look out for myself. ' For fear, and not possessing strength of mind to resist, I yielded, a id by his request hired the boat from Buckley on Wednesday afternoon, March 13th, and brought it to the Parramatta Steamers' Wharf, and there met Nichols, Walker, and Stevenson. I carried the box up to Blow's Hotel and left it there. After Stevenson had left, we went down to the boat, and Nichols called me aside and told me to keep up my courage. We all three then got into the boat, and I set the sails, Nichols steering; and we proceeded up the river a good distance, when Nichols made the same remark, as in the other case, of getting a stone for ballast for another boat. I went ashore and got a stone and Nichols assisted me with it into the boat. It was now getting dark, and, the wind having died away, I lowered the sails and pulled both oars myself, Nichols still steering. Further up the river, he ran the boat ashore, and said there was not enough water yet to get up, he had better drop the kellick and lay down for a counle of hours. T drrmnpd t.hp. 1 i cl- atter I had pulled the boat out into deeper water, and laid down forward of the mast, covering myself over with the foresail, which I had unbent. Walker and Nichols were both talking, and sitting aft, for about half an hour, j when Nichols called me to. have some porter. Walker was then drinking. I drank some, and Went and laid down again forward; and Walker laid down on the starboard seat, Nichols being between the seat and the stern of the boat. Walker soon fell off to sleep, and I then got up and spoke to Nichols (it was raining at the time) and asked him to go back ; entreated him to do so; but he said he wouldn't, and asked me where my courage was. When I found it was no use, I went forward again and covered myself over with the foresail ; and I was not there above ten minutes, when I heard the renort of a nistol. T got up and saw Walker sitting on the seat, and I Nichols striking him with a life-preserver. I I. was too much unnerved to move. Nichols told j me to fasten a rope on the stone, and I r wouldn't; but went forward, and turned round in time to see Nichols throw the body over- I board. He then called me a coward, and told I me he would mark me for it. We then came back to Sydney. — Alfred Lester. Sentence of death was also passed upon Lester in due form, and in a feeling manner by his Honor. The court was then closed and the prisoners removed, both in a fearful state | of depression, Nichols appearing all but dead. Each prisoner was supported by two police- officers. Lester was taken out first, scarcely able to move his limbs, and his face showing signs of deep emotion. Nichols followed, being partially carried and partially dragged out by I the two police-officers in whose custody he was. He appeared in a most wretched plight. His clothes were disarranged, and his legs dragged on the ground. His head hung helplessly down, with his hair all confused and covering his face; and it appeared as if life had entirely left him. miscellaneous. The Hon. John Sutherland has been returned for Paddington. The Agricultural Society are organizing their annual social reunion — a ball and supper — to be held on the 5th proximo. Dr. Tucker, of the Asylum, Cook's River, has written a very able brochure on Insanity. The premonitory symptoms of madness are cleverly indicated. Mr. Hugh Taylor, who resigned his seat in the Asscvmhlv fl. fpw WPpVq g rrn nn o +nA«,,rtAl j. has been re-elected, during the week, for Parra matta. The nomination for East Sydney took place on Monday. Mr. Parkes was opposed by Mr. James Jones. The show of hands was declared in favor of the Premier. On Saturday afternoon, the Suburban Bat talion of Volunteer Rifles was presented with a set of colors, at the Victoria Barracks, Padding ton. A commandant's parade also took place. There is now on view at Greville's Rooms a representation or model of Hawkins' Hill, executed by Mr. Coates, the well-known mining engineer. It is said to convey a very good idea of the nature of the locality. The Onward, barque, owned by Messrs. Barron and Austin, arrived on Saturday from the whaling grounds, bringing the melancholy intelligence of the murder of the late com mander, Captain Mammen, and also the fourth officer, Mr. Rose, by the natives of Gower's Island (Solomon group), on the 20th ult. Dr. Wardley, Superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum, Parramatta, died suddenly on Monday last. As a public officer he was most assiduous and untiring in the performance of his duties, which, in such a large establishment as the asylum, were very arduous, and required his un ceasing attention. He was an Irishman of liberal views, and a public writer of some eminence. The report of the Trustees of the Public Library is, on the whole, a satisfactory docu ment. The entire amount expended in '70 and '71 was £6,878. From the day of opening the Library to the last day of December, 1871, it has been visited by 136,957 readers, whose visits are thus classified : Three months in 1869, 17,006 ; twelve months in 1870, 59,786 ; twelve months in 1871, 60,165. During this period, the institu tion has been open to the public on 678 days, giving a daily average of 202 readers. Mr. Krohmann, the well- known proprietor of the rich claim on Hawkins' Hill, who left for England by the mail steamer, was on Saturday last arrested, under a writ of ne exeat issued at the instance, of Mr. Charles Williamson, a mining broker of Hill End. Mr. Williamson claims a sum of £300 as agency for having in troduced Mr. Krohmann to Mr. Edwards, who subsequently purchased Krohmann's share in the great mine, and put it on the market. As the matter will come before the law courts, we desire to say no more than to state the claim of Mr. Williamson, and to add that Mr. Krohmann re pudiates it, affirming that the introduction was a casual and ordinary one, and had no reference to business. Mr. Krohmann, on being arrested, at once found bail, and left for England. The Times informs us that New South Wales is not likely to get the carriages for the guns sent out just yet. The authorities are by no means one as to the " pivot." The War Office go in for the D pivot, and some other "authority" of "great gun" for the C pivot. The first describes half a circle, and the second a circle. The D's, however, have carried the day. The elevating and traversing gear for the platforms is not yet complete. It is a pity a pivot — which might be denominated U flat — has not been invented for New South Wales. Mr. Tennyson, Poet Laureate, has presented to the Prime Minister of England a memorial, in which are set forth the claims of Mr. Horne, author of " Orion," and a late resident of Vic toria, to be allowed to participate in the pen sions awarded from the Civil List in recognition of literary, scientific, and other public services. Among Mr. Tennyson's cosignatories are Mr. Matthew Arnold, Mr. Ruskin, Professor Owen, Mr. Morris, Lord Lytton, Mr. Swinbourne, Mr. Rossetti, Mr. Browning, Miss Harriet Martineau, Sir Henry Taylor, and Mr. Carlyle. Sir Charles Cowper has been elected a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and a Fellow of the Society of Arts. Sir Charles has been created a Knight of SS. Michael and George, the first colonist that has had that distinction conferred on him. He takes precedence of Sir James Martin, who is only a " carpet knight." 