NEWS OP JHE DAY. Opening of Parliament. To-MOKBOW, at noon, Parliament will be opened for the dispatch of business, by his Excellency Sir Hercules Bobinson, in person. On bis Excellency's departure from Government House a salute will be fired by a de tachment of the N. S. Wales Artillery, and he will be received at the Council Chambers by a guard of honour of one hundred men of the N. S. Wales Infantry under the command of Captain Heathcote, V.C. A second salute will be bred by the Artillery, when the ceremony or opening the Parliament has been concluded. We understand a large . number of visitor's tickets of admission has been applied for, and the contents of the Vice-regal Speech are looked forward to with consider able interest in consequence of the unsettled state of the Border duties question, and the desire to ascertain what may be the future policy of the Administration. A temperance league has been established at Levuka. A licensed publican at Levuka, has been fined 45 dollars, or one month's imprisonment, foi Belling liquor to Polynesians. A man named Michael Clear was discharged for attempted ouiolde, roceutl} at Invercargill, on giving surety to come up for sentence when called upon. He did not find sureties, and was locked up, and made a iresh attempt to cut his throat In the gaol. At noon on Saturday a chimney attached to a house occupied by an oysterman. In Parramatta-street, unglit fire. The alarm was rung out, and tho engines attended. Just as they came back a second fire was reported. In tills instance the engines were t«ken to the foot of Dowling-strcet, Woolloo mooloo, and it was discovered that tac chi mn«y of Mr. Dot tomley s public-house was on fire, caused by the capsizing of a fryingpau. There was no damage done. A complimentary banquet to Mr. R. N. Badlear, upon the occasion of his leaving the Hunter district, was given on Thursday evening, in the Masonio Lodge Boom, Et the rear of Hook's Family Hotel, Weit Maitland. There were about fifty or sixty gentlemen present, including resi dents o- East Maitland and Morpeth, as well as our own im mediate neighbourhood. The Mayor (Mr. W. H. Mullen) occupied the choir; Mr. Figou officiated as vice-chairman. The Bubbo Dispatch understands that a selec tlon of 160 acres, for copper muling purposes, has been taken up in the neighbourhood of Mitchell's Creek. The owners are— Messrs. B. Stacey, manager. Oriental Bank, G-ulgoiip, O. Young, storekeeper, Ctulgoug, 'D. i. Gttlis, Muvrangundy, John M'Leod, G-ulgong, and Thomas tfewton. G-ulgong. Some specimens of the stone, got at a depth of five feet uuve been shown to us, and they are very likely-looking, consisting Of grey and vitreous ore. They nave traced the lode from tho surface, where it is about from ten inches to a foot wide. It gets wider as they go down. There are good indications of copper over all the ground. The lode runs north and south, and underlays to the east, wbich is considered a good sign. A quartz reef goes through the ground, but it is not yet known whether it carries gold. The selection is thought by experienced judges to be a very valuable one, and Rood prices have been oBered for interests in it by those experienced in copper mining. The grand musical festival, to commence to night, in the Eihibjtion Building, certainly ought 'to com mand a large audience, and doubtless it will do so, for never before in Sydney has stioh a numher of talented and sweet voiced artists been brought together in a concert. The instru mental fantasia, by BIgnor Zulman. is a true orchestral gem, and if rendered with the precision and light and shade which are requisite to rend-r it effective, it will be a mu&jcal; treat to the audience. Mr. Z Imau lias introduced into it a number of national airs, whir'i he has scored with consummate skill. The preluding to eati of these melodies is almost tanta lizing to the ear, for it presents every now and then first from one ? liss -if instruments and then from another, something l: Lethe ghost nf thecoming tune, which no sooner appears than it vanishes in a mass of orchestral harmonies. At length the thunderof the big drum shows the melody at hand, and straightway brass, wood, aud string make the building resound with the well-known air. The vocal part of the performance need not he described, nsthe names of the artists who are to sing is sufficient guarantee for the excellence of the music. Seats nre provided tor several thuusand persons, and should no mishap occur with the weather, it is verv probable that they will all be filled. A meeting of Friendly and Benefit Societies Conference took place on Friday when there were present Messrs. E. Swinson, F. ifcwling, J. Hurst, J. D. Morris, Q. Brun, J. fl. Beamer, T. Creraen, F. Morgan, and the lion, secretary, J. Blade. Mr. Brun presided, and called upon the deputation appointed to wait upon the lion. Colonial Secretary to report. Mr. Seamer and the hon. secretary, said that Mr. Forkee received the deputation courteously, and after hearing their remarks and questioning them, admitted the necessity of tetter legislation for their various societies, .and promised with the sanction of his colleagues to bring in the new bill as a Government measure, and, if possible, get it passed into law at the earliest. Mr. Forkes also admitted the justice and advisibllity of adding a clause, making all communications mode for the sole purpose of protecting societies from fraud or imposition, and mode to the proper officers or meeting on matters relating solely to the societies affairs, priveleged. It was farther resolved that as the hon. secretary has hitherto paid all expenses for advertising, printing, postage, and all other expenses incidental upon bringing toe bill forward some four times, the various societies be requested to subscribers 6d each society or brannh towards the actual and necessary ex penses. Messrs. Boldsworth, Seamer, Graham and J. filadc, . were appointed delegates to watch the bill in its progress and render any information in their power, and call whatever meetings are necessary in the future. F. ti. Montague, the. popular landscape uusi^ Euuiouuces, in our advertising coiumna, tuai rus imra annual fine art distribution of his own productions (viz., colonial scenery, in oils or canvas, most elegantly framed, all guaranteed originals) will take place at the School of Alts, Sydney, on or beforeKew Year's Ere, under the man agement of a committee of well-known gentlemen, when the drawing will be conducted on the same principle and in the same place as that of hut year, which distribution, we hsd the pleasure of reporting, as a most genuine success and pleasing affair to all concerned. The pictures, as prizes, fill the windows of Mr. P. Brown's fine art gallery, George street, and they verify the high opinion we at first enter tained of Mr. Montague, as a mosttolented artist, on bis first arrival in Sydney some three or fonr years since. No. 1 painting in this present collection is a noble subject, boldly painted in powerful contract. Bright sunny tones pervade the centre of the picture, yet well kept down, and most harmonious In colour ; a stream of water (pure water, not mud) winds silently between majestic hills. The title Is lite ral, yet suggestive and appropriate, viz., 'Solitary Creek,' New South Wales. This is a 50 guinea picture. The sub scriber wlioobtains it will be fortunate. Each sketch is well worthy Four notice ; but Mi'. M.'s pictures will speak for themselves to the lovers of the picturesque, and most of our readers already know Mr. Montague's reputation so well as an artist anda eenUemanly man of business, that we have no doubt Mr. M. will meet his deserts in the shape of continued and Invariable success without any further effort on our part to widen his popularity. 