" CABLE still silent "-eo,wo hear from Port-Darwin and, under those circumstances, as it appears that Homer sometimes sleeps, perhaps You'll pardon to my Massa few Bliort naps. I say "muso¡" bocáuso¡" although I don't quito aspiri to tho distinction claimed; by his poetic lordship, I d< say things sometimos which aro not vory -far removed from pootry, if people could only undorstnnd thom, Howoror, tho fact of tho matter is that I havo not been asleep nt. all-not a wink on mo j and although m j budget moy bo a little in arrear, it is no fault of mino, but arises from " tho oxigénelos of tho publio sorvico." That is a phroso which' I hard been studying in consequence of the probability, ns I hoar, of my obtaining au appointment ns- " Premier Attaché to tho Legation" from his Smutty Majesty tho Sovereign Chief of tho Solomon Islands. In tho meantime, tho mail having nrrivod, you nnd your rendors Lavo had plenty of topics to discuSB, without anything that I might add. I porcoivo thnt you aro inclined to giro a mild belief to the story, about Dr. Livingstone's dis- covery, and bis intontion to go on travelling «gain for an almost .indefinite period,, like thnt champion podea trian tho" Wandering Joyv. I will morely say that my own opinion moro nearly coincides with what appears to bo that of tho writer of the following little bit of chaff, whiohl find in an excellent London weekly paper : Dr. Livingstone moy noir be looked for at uny moment, lie bas at lost boca hoard of safo and well, bent on exploring some subterranean territory. Doubtless, ho will Dud on underground route homo, and will turn np shortly from some undiscovered avenuo of burled london, having solved the miseries of tho Channel passago, tho disappear- ance of Russian and other foreign, visitors, and a host of other mysteries that naturally pass away with authentio information - from tho world below, Thoforccastsabout " A Coming Hace," so curiously given in areoentworlc with that title, will all be verified. The under- ground African explorer will bo sure to know all about " Tri!," tho extraordinary electrical powers, and other peculi- arities of the nation below ground. Wo toko for granted that Dr. Livingstone has found tho subterranean passage and vil- lage to be but tho entrance to an Immense bidden country, having unquestionably other outlets. Thong!) the area might bo twice that of the African Continent,, wo may be sure Livingstone would not come to the surface till ho had tra- versed tho wholo land. Til ero are narrow-minded people who say, when the doctor gots home he must bo kept home. It will never do to lot him go again, and give a largo-hearted nation all the anxiety and worry we have had about him. Bat, depend upon le. If he brings back an Incomplete survey of tho " basement" of Africa, nnd throws ont a conjecture about a passage that way to Australia, fifty volunteers will imme- diately como forward to continuo tho exploration. It ls not la mon to be reconciled with knowing about ona world only, and certainly there most not be a part of that nnsurveyed. Well, now, that's .nat so hod . nod if tho worthy Sector, in tho conreo of his nndorgronnd explorations, should havo to investigate or penetrate a bone more difficult to get to tho bottom of than ho and his pro- ceedings bare boen for some time past, ho will havo materially addod to the interest of his expedition. Perhaps ha and M. Du Chaillu may rotnrn together,' bringing with thom some choice spécimens of the civilised and converted Gorilla, and of the diminutive denizons of the " Dwarf Country" of Central Africa. Travellers see strango things, and, by'r lady, they and their biographers and roportors spin strango yarns too, occasionally-only occasionally. I soo, amongst tho rest bf tho nowB, that General CliUBERET, who, bef oro he become a leader in tho lato in- surrections in Pari«, was a great Fenian commander, has written to Fretter'a Mag atine, giving tho results of his.oxporienoos of tho Fenian Invasion of Ireland, and exposing so freely tho madness and imbecility of that movement, that a London paper sarcastically Bag- gots to the Government to issue a. free pardon to CLUSKBET, on account of his having turned Queen's evidence. Bat hore is n nice summary of disasters in tho world, which I think may be woll distinguished by tho designation of mullum in parvo : Within a month our peaceful earth baa been visited with no less than eight awful calamities, each appalling-one, as re- ported from the coast of Labrador and Newfoundland, tx eteiiBg the others in the loss of life und the tragical horrors «f the situation. « On April 3, Antioch was destroyed by, earthquake, with the loss of 1000 lives. On April 24 Uii eruption of Mount Vesuvius created great conster nation, distress, and loss of life. On April-15, Zanzlba was -Irrutated by a hurricane that destroyed the shipping and town. Madras was similarly'visited on May 1 ; and In both coses with serions loss of Ufo. On the same day a fearfal rain and wind brought ruin to Vellora in the Madras Presidency, and, five tanks blunting, about 1000 persons were" drowned. A similar flood In Italy, near Ferrara, luis des- troyed 700 lives and rendered thousands homeless. llamada, a town In "Tapan, has been destroyed by an earthquake, with lots of 600 lives. And now we hare details of a fleet engaged opon a seal expedition caught In a hurricane In the midst of Icebergs and destroyed. Of 4000 brave sailors, according to the account, only 17S escaped to tell tho tolo. The names of all the vessels and numbers of their crews aró given. Heavy seas lifted tho vessels against the Iocborgs and splintered thom to pieces. Ono vessel, we are told, was flnng against an locberg and fell back upon a brig, the Twin Bisters, which bunt In two. I don't exactly protend that all thoso calnmitiofl, or any I of thom, had any conno dion with CI/ÜBERET and his invasion, for ho didn't oren succeed in sotting Cro to the Liffey or tho Shannon ; but I shouldn't wonder if he aid his followers bad been quito prepared to accept and proclaim all thoso things as signs and warnings of the coming collapso of Groat Britain, before tho terrors of tho Fenian irruption. However, that piece of humbug is pretty well worn oat, and my own belief is that the remaining prisoners might SB well bo reloosod at onco. By-thc-byo, how savage tho transatlantic, skcdaddlers mnst have boon when thoy Baw and hoard' tho British Grenadier at Boston ! Whcro is that dreadfully profane story told of n Frenchman who, in the pangs of death,' nnd, with n doctor on ono eldo nnd a clergyman on tho othor, was exhorted by both, ono desiring him to attend' to his prescriptions, and tho othor to think of his immortal slat« j whereupon tho sufferer, in articulo tnorfís, turned from ono to tho other .with a grim smile, nnd nt last gasped out thnt ho was departing ' this lifo ns happily as tho Saviour of Mankind. Shockod nt such an irrovcronl expression nt. such . a time, and knowing tho previously sinful lifo of tho man, tho. clergyman demanded his meaning, to which, with' a convnlsiro: effort at a laugh, ho replied : " I am dying between two thieves," and then gavo np tho ghost P . I forgot whore the story is told, and who wero tho partios, and of conrBo I draw no analogies; for who can toll what moy haro been' tho thoughts of ¡ ,tno, dying woman or«f whom tho priest and tho dootor had a hattlo at Coogoo tho othorday P Hor modicnl and'religious nttohdnhts woro no dâaht ahinintod by tho warmest ibid in hor. behalf, and tho poor woman probably! npprooiatcd it at its proper Taino. Ono of tho combatants says that, in tho struggle for tho mastership of tho situation, both pf, thom foll upon tho. bod; nnd over tho legs of tho dying' or dead woman, and the i otbor statos that,. haying grappled with each othor, both of the contending parties "wont spinning or waltzing out of tho room." lt was tho Danoo of Death, nnd . most haro greatly ehocrod tho dying moments of tho pntiont ! However, lio caso may perhaps bongnin hoforo tho Courts, nud ot courio I have nothing moro to sny nbout th« mnttor al prosont, for I don't know who wns most to blame Perhaps, as usual, nobody. " It was tho oat.'î Tho impudont young rascal Buchanan, who forgot! tho . «lory ot his hoing a robbed nnd nearly, murdorod indivi- dual on his way to Pyrmont, ought to bo floggod. There i» no law to nnthoriso this punishment for tho por- tioning orimo of which this young scamp has been 8"últy. bul I find tho following in a Into report of tho proceedings of tho Honso of Commons i Mr. Hulkes movod th« second reading of tho Defamation *>t Private Oliaraotor Bill, willoh adda hard labour to tho punish- ment for libel, and empowers thojudges to Inflict tho punish- ment af flogging on persons found guilty ol making odious Çbwgof, or Imputing unchastity to women with a view to ex- tort money. The second randing of tho bill was pasBod, although some members objected to tho flogging clause. That io Ibo rory olause that I ndniiro; although I do not, per- sonally, admire tho system, having a vivid recollection pf being " horsod" afow-only a'few-years ago.'in tho neighbourhood, of London. But this young scoundrel Arthur Buchanan, with his plausible story and innocent foco, isa dangerous charnotor, which I novor was, and-I ¿groo with a friend of . mino that he is very likely on th0 path which loil Muster Lester to the gallows. But why should tho Herald try to throw the odium of this falso report upon you and your paper, hs it has dono. Tho ? remarks on that subject bear that appearance, and anybody reading them would supposo that some of your reporters, or yourself, bnd concocted tho whole story. As if newspapers lind nûvor boon imposed upon beforo ! I will not in this respect rcfor to tho Harald I which, I observo, from ona of its recent lending articles, imposes upon itself n resorvo fur moro sovero than any-: thing of tho kind that is ozaatod from tho London Times, but . we all remember tho casa of tho " Tartar" who proscntod himsolf at Constantinople, nnnonncing tho fall of Sebastopol, and so sot all tho newspapers in tho world writing, and most of tho cities a-light with illuminations, when, in fact, ns Jack Robinson remarked of himsolf, Sebastopol "had not boon dead nt all." ' A vory fino example- of humanity is oxhibited in tho caso of a Mr. Ferguson, an Irish gentlcmnn, who lcapcil out of a railway carriage, fell down a declivity, and I was vory much hurt. According ts tho roports in tho I English popers, ho recovered himself, nnd, nf tor sernmb ling over numerous difficulties, succcded in notting into I the neighbourhood of what ho, poor devil, probably sup ' posoii to be civilisation. Hero is n passngo from tho report which I find in tho Home News : Ho Tound himself in a lonely part of Hie country, thonlglit pitch dark, and rain descending tn torrents. After lying in tile water for sometime, .hogot out, and attempted to scramble up tho banks, but several times fulled from loss or blood and general weakness, intimately ho suoecoded, and groped his way aorass a Held to a farmhouse, where he begged for a glass of water "for Clod's sake." Tho untimely hour, and tho suspicious clroumstanoes apparently surrounding the appli- cation, led the Inmates to refuse all assistance. Tia then orawled away to a neighbouring farm, and roused an old woman. She, too, declined to help him, but directed bim to Newbold, where hs had tho good fortuna to meet with a polleo-oonstablo named Enoch, who procured him some refreshment, and conveyed him In a cart to Rugby. Battered and bleeding, drenched to tho skin with water from the brook, and rain from tho skies, and without hat, be presented a pitiful spectacle. Mm.-Bird, landlady, of the WIndm'll Inn, at once had a warm bed prepared and removed Mr. Ferguson to it, whllo messengers were despatched for medical advice. Mr. Swivoller, and other jocular personages, would probably maka some reforenoo to tho memorable caso of another unfortunate Mr. Ferguson, who, whorovor be called, was politely informed that ho could not lodgo thora ; hnt I qnoto this caso as ono which, amidst bril liant exceptions, illuBtrntos tho actual fact of " man's inhumanity to man." Tho Samaritans are not very plentiful, in our days. Tho visit of Mr. Parkas to Bathurst and Orango { Booms to havo set tho local literati upon their mottle to produco Bomotin<* worthy of the occasion, and the dinner, which £ hope was a good enc, waa no doubt such os to do honour to tho guest. But nccording to a writer in ono of tho Bathurst papers, tho preliminary business appears to havo been a Börry job. I don't quito boliovo in your rnthcr pootio and allegorical idoa of a carriage lik* an old vogotahlo cart having boon sent to convoy tho distinguished visitor from Mncqunrio Plains to Bathurst, because, in an nnciont city liko that, at least a furniture-van would havo boon procurahlo, and that is a sort of conroyanco which has tho merit of running on Bprings. But, on roforonco to tho local paper. I soo that tho State Coach and its accompaniments -were, moro romarknblo than elegant. Allow mo to qnoto tho really graphic descrip- tion : " It was a plain trap, perhaps nndorgoing or just having received somo jobbing repairs nt the establish- ment, bat tho horses would havo disgraced a circus pro- cession. They might hara boon fair light draught horssB, if cleanod and trimmed up, but tho mud of nges was on their unkempt manes, bellies, and logs." Thc mud of agcB 1 Why they may havo boon a pair of the vory horses that? drew Queen Boadicon in hor war chariot in the old country only soma few agos ago I " Tho harness," it is said, " was ontiroly innocont of varnish, and tho steel-work uncontaminated by any brickdust or oil. Tho driver had ovidently been sutn monod from his usual labours in tho stnbla-yard, and I was neither dirtier nor claanor than ostlers generally I are." Really this rominds ono of tho carriages that graced tho matrimonial festivities of Mr. Buggins : There was Mister Hook'om Bnlvoy's Neat tnrn-out-his cart and nag And BO forth. No wonder that thc gentleman con- nected with tho Bathurst financial world, fulling in with this qneer procession on tho road, took fright nnd bolted, without further ceremony ; nnd this may bo accounted for by tho simplo fncts of tho casa as it pre- sented itself, without accepting your censorious conjec- ture that tho capitalist had nny foar of tho illustrious visitor Bonding round tho bat. I share tho indignation of tho writer in tho Bathurst papor. It is no uncom- mon thing for ontbusiastio pooplo to tako tho hornos out of the carriage of a popular public man, and draw it thomsolves ; and I don't soo why, in tho omorgoncy, n respectable wheelbarrow could not havo boan sont, undorthe guidanca of somo known patriotic citizon, to the railway station for tho Promior. I snpposo wa havo nil heard tho last of tho Tolegrams Monopoly Bill, and porhnps of tho Java cabio also-or at least that particular ono hy uioima of whiob tho monopolists contemplated tho transaction of so very I fino ' a stroke of business. I sincerely hopo, howovor, that somothing may bo demo to utiliso tho South Aus- tralian overland wiro for tho cntorpriso of tho pooplo of that colony merits reward. But if n parson who pub I lishes a telegram from nuother paper, duly noknowlodg. i inp; it, wcro to bo adjudged a misdemeanant, what r would thnt man desorvo who published auothor man's ! faco, or what ho diosa to represent ns such, tho nlloged portrait hoing at tho same time a. gross libel and caricaturo P Wo know that Punch doos thoso things, bat in that caso thoy aro 1 always rccoivod as a joko; nnd I don't snpposo that tho highost person- ages in tho Stato ovar objoatad to thom; but , it is a different ; caso when a follow finds his effigy etuok up for public wonderment ina serious periodical, with no mon resemblance, to him thnn I to Hecuba. I was led into this hy a notice in tho Cumberland Times, following a roport of tho moot- ing nt Parramatta for tho purposo of presenting a testimonial to Dr. Woolla. I quoto from thnt paper an follows t " "While tho committco woro ongngod iu set- tling some details of business much ? amusomont was caused by Dr. Woolls rending a serios of varies of a highly humourous oharaotor which hud boon sent him having roforonco to n .portrait "of himsolf which nppoarodin tho Sydney-Hail,- evidently from tho1 pon of a follow-Bnfforcr whoso honest facó had boan caricatured in that highly UBoful, but singularly unarlistio journal Tho oponing lines woro oxocodingly funny, but na (ho worthy doctor stipulated that our roportor should not tako thom Jown, ho, poor man, bnd to trust to his memory, which hoing somewhat lonky, all thnt ho can now recall runs thus : ' I . Ttoleascd from werk, rotlrccl from lohools, Behold tho ofltgy of Woolla i Hut, vainly do I strive to trace Tho outlines of his honest fuco III this dull thing, with vacant stai r, Nor lifo, nor sonso, nor sont ls there. . Yet Is tho llkonoss not so dark As was their portraitura of Clark, Hard fata wo« his, for nny stranger Would think him Clarie tho Into bushranger. Why should they thus placo under han A decent identifia mau ? And then poor Woolls, they trout ns badly, Although hit phiz li nt dono by llrndlcy. No doubt ha bu been much lo blaine I : Ho scaled tho dizzy holghts of fame. And for liU alna In thus transgressing, i They draw him 1 Really'tis distressing I Thougli ho repent 'twill not avail, : He's printed In tho Sydney Mail! ". ' That ia a fate, however, to which all distinguished mon aro liable, I suppose, and I shall perhaps havo my own " phiz" caricatured in tho mme nrtistie/pcrioaical somo dny. It is the pohnlty' ot: greatness. I am suro I rooollect vory well, many á timo nnd oft, chalking oat the outlines of tho Iron Duke's frontispiece, with on enormous nose, really " falling off his fnco," as has been said in somo lato art criticism.' But really you don't expect to find such " crayons" ns thoso in tho Royal, Acadomy. Perhaps it would bo convoniont and instruc-. tivo to thoso who road tho Sydney Mail if thoso " portraits" woro accompanied by a statement-it might .indeed ho nn affidavit-as'' to whothcr they woro meant in jost or in oarnest. . - - - ' '"Vp with tho bonnots of bonnio Dundoo !" I don't moan np with . tho bonnots FOR Bonnie Dundoo-tho handsome,. gallant, omol Clayorhouse, who was shot withl'a silyor bullet at Killiecrankie. (Gammon 1) and afterwards soon sitting not far from old Lucifer in tho warm regions below, "with his hand ou his left spulo blado, to bido tho wound tho silver ballot had'mado." (Walker!) I moan tho bonnia " Maids of Dandee," if such they arc, who Boom to have boon for somo timo post throwing up THEIR bonnots in real earnest, in tho interests of Freedom, Sisterhood, and Porfoct Equality. Thoy insist upon wearing what they please, upon cer- tain hours for recreation, and, above all, upon tho abo- lition of that baso badgo of servitude " tho flag," by which I presumo that they ninan tho npron. After this,CI shall expect to bear of their Bight Reverences tho Bishops gotting up nu agitation for tho abolition of THEIR flogs, for what tho douco thoy wear thom for I novoryot coidd understand. Tho Dun- doo inaidonB Boem to havo established a formidable club, as a monnB of carrying out their, designs, nnd tho Lon- don Observer tlikiks that, before long, tho host, if not tho only chanco of soenring n " domostia" will bo to allow her io wear tho costnmo of a msdiaival pago, in a stage burlesque. I don't soo any great objection to this, provided that she has tolerably prcscntablo legs, though in that caso it is probable that the number of "fol- lowers" would bo very considerably incraasod. But, whilo I hara vivid memories of what the fino old English servant-maid used to bo, asl have also of the fine old Englsh gentleman nnd tho fmo old English rector-animals now almost extinct, or nt least obsoleto-I don't think that people in England would be so churlish over tho demands . of tho Maids of Dnudco, if thoy had any correct knowledge bf tho " soryant-gallism" of Australia. This is, however, pre-eminently tho ago for thc disoussion of women's rights" and women's wrongs; and tho foolish creatures themselves, who don't know when thoy are well off, are encouraged in their insanity by a sot of drivelling old humbugs who woar trousers, or breeches, with no right- ful claim to tho distinction which thoso garments are supposed to imply. I should Uko to hoar what " Great Cloud," or " Howling Wind," or other wiso chiefs of tho Ojibboways or tho Nnrraghansots would havo to say to such pretensions 1 At tho mcotings of those in- fatuated females, some of tho old fogeys who attend and patronise them, should road aloud the losson which Shakspere puts in tho month of tho once saucy KATHTTIUHE, nf tor she has been duly tamed by ber lord PBTHUOHIO, - I_:_ 