IRELAND. From the Dublin Correspondent of the Tablet .) The Irish Protestant Church and the Creed. — The following- are the portions of the Athanasian Creed which the Revision Committee have expunged : — " Whosoever will be saved ; before all things _ it is necessary that he hold the Catholic Faith. " Which Faith except every one do keep whole and undefiled ; without doubt he shall perish everlastingly. " And the Catholic Faith is this : That " He therefore that will be saved : must thus think of the Trinity. " Furthermore, it is necessary to ever lasting salvation : that he also believe rightly the Incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ. " For the right Faith is that . . . " In place of those words the new edition will commence ' Furthermore wc believe, &c.;," and so on as in the original. " This is the Catholic Faith : which except a man believe faithfully, lie cannot be saved. "Glory he to the Father, and to tlie Son : and to the Holy Ghost : " As it was in the beginning, is now, and over shall be, world without end. Amen." Visit of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. — The Right Hon. the Lord Mayor of Dublin lias issued invitations for a ball on the 5th of June, to meet His Royal High ness the Duke of Edinburgh, and the Lord Lieutenant, and tlie Countess Spencer. The Galway Election Petition. —The Rev. Peter Conway, P.P., in his evidence distinctly oontradicted the testimony of Mr. Blake of Tuam, as to the alleged conversation regarding the death of Mr. Kirwan. It will he recollected that Mr. Blake's version of this conversation which caused quite a sensation at the time, was also contra dicted by two gentlemen who were present and who had no interest in the election whatever. The evidence on both sides has now closed. The Dublin Petition in Favor of thk Permissive Bill. — This petition, just presented to the Houses of Parliament, is the most numerously signed of any that has ever been sent forward 011 any subject by the citizens of Dublin. The Charity of the late Earl of Mayo.— The Rev. Mr. Conway, P.P., of Headfbrd, in forwarding his subscription to the Mayo Memorial, says: — "The poor of my parish and your humble servant owe much to the memory of the late Earl of Mayo. Whilst discharging the duties of Chief Secretary for Ireland lie gave practical proof, to my knowledge, of being- a friend of the helpless and oppressed poor. His was not lip proof. I hold in my possession a letter stating why he was leaving Ireland. ' It was be cause he felt lie could not be of any benefit or service to his native country, Ireland, which he loved, owing to sec tarian animosity and petty bickering-.' " The Member for Athlone. — It is stated that Mr. Ennis, the Liberal representative of Athlone, lias written to his constituents to announce his in tention of joining the Opposition, be cause the Government decline to make Athlone one of the grand military centres under the proposed new army arrange ments. Destruction of Lord Athlum- ney's Residence.— Somerville House, IN avan, County Meath, the residence of Lord Athlunmey, has been almost to tally destroyed by fire. No lives were lost. The fire, which was accidental, was caused by the overheating- of a metal flue in the nursery. Representation of Mallow. — Mr. John George McCarthy, author of c< A. Plea for the Home Government of Ireland,' and other works, was intro duced to tlie electors of Mallow on Monday evening-, as the Home-rule candidate, by the Rev. — M'Carthv, P.P. There was a very large assembly of electors and non-electors, and Mr. McCarthy's candidature was very favor ably received. In the' bourse of his speech Mr. McCarthy set forth his views as, in the first place, in favor of Home- rule, then freedom of education and amnesty of the political prisoners. IIo promised to promote manufacture in the district, and do everything- in his power to serve the interests of the town. The Rev. Mr. Ahern, curate, also addressed the meeting. It is generally believed that Mr. Cecil Guinness will contest the borough in the Conservative inte rest. The people are very enthusiastic for Mr. McCarthy, and tlie town was paraded by hands. Home Rule in Parliament. — A meeting of the members of Parlia ment (says the Nation ) who are also members of the Irish Home Govern- ' ment Association was held in London lately, to consider and decide whether the Home Rule question should be brought on in the present session. It was resolved to postpone it for another ' year. Mr. Maguire alone dissented from this conclusion. It is intimated in the reports that Mr. Butt will de liver a public explanation of the policy of the postponement. 