OUR HOME LETTERS. LONDON GOSSIP. (rEOM A I ADV CORBEePONDENT.) I bave been down at Norwich to partici- pate in tho Triennial Festival bela there, wbicblam sorry to sar faa«-pecuniarily -been a loss. The performance of the Messiah brought the largest morning attendance, but two of the evening concerts were thinly attended, and the ball was deficient tn guests. The outiay of this festival exceeds. £4000 ; so there is but little profits for local charities. There were several untoward circum- stances; the indisposition of Sims Reeves, and Madauje Tietgen-the latter singing only when she was able-threw a damp over tbe performances. Mademoiselle Alhani, of whom great things were expected, and who was made a great etar of, failed to draw much, but " It it¡ an ill wind that blows nobody good" (ïbu know I am fond of musty old saws), and in this case Mdm. Florence Lanna, an artist, who though known to a London public, has bad hitherto merely thc reputation of being a pleasing singer, was engaged (owing to the illness of Sidle. Cora do Wilberst) to sing all tbe music allotted to that lady. This alone would hare given a fair field to Mdle. Lanna's abilities; but when Tietgen became too ill to continue, she had also to undertake the munie of tba great German singer, and, still more arduous task, the two Bravwias in Benedicts " St. Peter," and it is said the lady did not know a note of either of tbe songs before the night on which she undertook to sing them, when she achieved a perfect triumph, which if she manages well, will lead to the highest fame and honour of her profession. Sullivan brought out here a new ballad " Guinevere," sung by Tietgen, and a charming song it is too. Santly and Madame Paley, the contralto, were in capital voice, but there were mopy contretemps during the meeting, which marred the good pleasure of the time. While on the subject of music, I must not forget to add that I have had the pleasure of bearing a very charming and brilliant wjilf^composed by tbe Duke of Edja&urgh-the; "Galatea" performeá at the Eayal Albert Ha.1? by five banda ; BO you iee it wag done ample justice to. The royal composer waa present, and had te appear in froot of Ilia box to receive tho thanks of the audience. I shall not be surprised at seeing a drama from some royal pea, or at one of our priuces becoming au impresario, say, of an English opera company, with an opera of his own composition. We have sot yet arrived at seeing an English prince's debut as prima tenore or a royal prin- cess as prima donna assoluta ; but the time may come, and why should plebiaus have all the arte and sciences to them- selves ? I regret to say the Duke of Edinburgh had subsequently a less agreeable task, for Queen Victoria bas had tho great grief of losing her half sister, (ho Princess Dowager of Hohenlohe, Laugenburg, at Baden Baden, which has thrown our court into mourning, and the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Arthur went to Germany to attend their aunt's funeral. The Queen will remain at Balmoral till November, when she returns to Windsor. Bonnets again must be my theme. Bonnets or hats ? for the new bonnets are so like the hats that one can hardly realise the distinction. Illustra- tion alone can adequately describe bats and bonnets ; but hats and bonnets aro very pretty-viz., the "Metternich," a very stylish affair ; tho Mignon," tbe " Itubeus," the " Sarah ;" all of these. ohserve, have a long drooping feather. The Carliet hat and the Boiin, both pretty, are made in felt of various hues, viz., navy blue, marrooo-olive green, iron grey, and for lighter shades velvet is used. I must not omit to mention, tho new bonnet designed by Worth-tbe " Dueness d'Aiigonleme." Thia is in black velvet lined with pink, with large feathers. For robes, it is pretty well decided that tho Louis XIII, style will j reign during the winter, so tunics, but j lang basques to the bodice, which will J replace the looped up overskirle. The ] followiog is in this, style:-a robe of grey i faille, with three narrow bias fold« round j the edge of black velvet, separated by a row of guipure. One of these folds is ? carried up to the top in front, while the I other two only come as far as the knee, ! where they terminate in points, trimmed j also with guipure. Â high bodice has large square basques, cut up at the hips, edged with a fold of black velvet bias and guipure, sleeves bouffant, terminating with a wide cuff of lace. With black ¡ velvet toilettes of this kind, large collars of antique point will be worn, or pelerine collars edged with point chenille, will be much used as trimmings this winter. Polonaises are increased in length, as I predicted, and for out-of-doors assume , the Redingote shape. Passamenterie of f all kind's-viz., gimp and jet-are now worn on these gatracnte. Rich black and bows on the skirfand polonaise, form a dress which may with propriety be worn OD any occasion. Long-wristed gloves are almost de riguer. Those who held out ia favour of one button now wear two, while tho*» who love altra fashions wear three or tour. With short or half antique ° sleeves a long glove is always worn, fastened by sis buttons. Among the luxurious contrivances of the day the musical box album has held a prominent position ; but a Parisian trader advertises something which is a greater wonder still. This is a travelling pillow which has a musical alarum, and at a given time will awaken the traveller ! By the way, the Parisians are going to have an insect show next month at the Luxembourg; this, methinks, is a step lower than our monkey show. I omitted to Btate in my last letter that when Queen Victoria wrote to Mr. Staniev, she accompanied the letter with the gift of a snuff-box, the cost of which could not have been less than £600-a present worthy of our Sovereign. I have sometimes heard persons com pared to a " white lion," but always re- garded such an animal to be a« fabulous as the Sphinx, or as apocryphal as the Great Sea Serpent. However, we hear that a genuine white lion baa been cap- tured, and is now being exhibited at Buenos Ayres ; also, that the authorities of our Regent's Park Zoological Gardens have offered £2000 for the creature. I do sot know if th» affin* ha« been ac- cepted ; however, in Hibernian language, this" white lion" niusjt verily bea ** black swan"-a rara avis, indeed. j One event .early in the month has excited the London play-going public. Thia ie the reappearance of Mr. Charles ?Mathews, after a tour prolonged ^imanjhout'tvuo years round the globe, with success. Many of fus, I believe, notwithstanding the pretty speeches made to this celebrated actor at the farewell dinner given to him in London, hardly expected to greet Charles Mathews again ; but on the 7th October at the Gaiety, I had tho felicity of seeing him once more, aud-yes, I pro- test-younger than evetr-lighfc, agile, vivacious. And his acting ; but who can attempt to describe that-as well extract the sparkle frön» champagne. Fou should have beard the cheers, when be was called before the curtain, en- dorsed by the opinions of an individual in the pit, who, in genial tones, declared there was nothing iike the " old uns," after all, a declaration in which I must own I feel inclined to coincide, as far as Charles Mathews is concerned. Every one of us here must go and see him, for. when he goes " We Bball ne'er look upoo3 his like again." * Do you remember my description of the splendid ceremony of installing the New Constable of tbe Tower, Sir George Pollock ? Well, strange to say, he died a week or two ago, suddenly, at Walmer, having been in office bot a few months. Are the gossips right when they aver this to be a very unlucky appointment? I do not know, except, as our Divine William says, "There are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dreamed of in your philosophy." j Had not the Constable died at Walmer, I I should have thought that perhaps the ! ghosts ÎD the Tower had frightened the Field Marshal to death. A gontiemnn of Scarborough has brought forward to public notice a perfect treasure which he bas had in Iiis family as an heir loom for generations past. This is a picture of the marriage of William Shakespeare aud Aon Hathaway, bearing on the. back an inscription, with the date 15-, but it is supposed that it was painted after the Poet became famous, in the seventeenth century. Anything relating to the domestic history of our great bard is ! welcome to the English people. Tau may imagine this picture is making some stir. And now the season for fireworks and guys is fast approaching, and with it the fogs and gloom of an early English winter, which at present threatens to be a hard one. London, October 25,1872. 