THE DIVINE COMFORTER. . We are living in a world of sorrow; 'the whole creation groaneth ' under the weight of sin, and we who are guilty and sinful cannot expect to be free from tribulation — we should rather stand prepared for trial upon trial, and wave upon wave. God loves His children too well to leave them without the rod ; if we are therefore members of His family, we must expect the wise chastisement of our heavenly Father, and hence it is our wisdom to inquire, where shall we seek our comfort ?* Shall we go back to worldly friends and trifling pleasures'? We have tried them and, found them wanting, and from experience can say, ' Miserable comforters are ye all.' Oh! when will men be wise? When will they give up the broken, leaking cisterns of the creature, for the full and satisfying fountain of living waters 1 When will they make God their spring and consolation, and cast away the poor gilded toys of vanity and sin? If the Lord has taught you to feel the realities of eternity, and the emptiness of all transitory things, you will join with the Word of God in declaring that nothing but the presence and favour of Jehovah now, and the prospect of Christ's glorious coming, can satisfy the immortal soul. . , Cultivate, then, the 'fellowship of the Spirit;' remember the high dignity of the Christian, every one of whom is called ' a temple of the Holy Ghost.' Great and glorious privilege ! wonderful condescension of the Comforter! that He should dwell in such hearts, and even make them His habitation and temple. Surely it behoves us to listen to the exhortation, ' Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.' Let every unholy thought and desire that vex His infinite purity be cast away — let all unsanctified tempers that disturb His dove-like gentleness be abhorred. Aim at cherishing His good motions within you by a constant attention to His still small voice; and so you shall enjoy the fulness of joy, peace, and strength. Above all, plead earnestly for an increased outpouring of the Spirit on yourselves and the Church. Many are united together in earnest supplication for this refreshing shower — many are thirsting for an enlarged benediction. Oh ! shall we not join in this blessed ' concert ' of pleading suitors at the throne. and thus know, from personal experience, that all the promises about the Comforter are 'yea and amen in Jesus Christ'? What glorious results would follow if we were only endued with the Spirit of prayer and supplication ! Many who have hitherto slept in the carnal repose of sin and ignorance would be awakened. Sinners of every class and name would ' be turned from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan to God.'' And believers would grow up more and more unto the measure of the stature of Christ, our great model; Yea, they would be manifestly ' trees of the Lord's planting,' in whom He would be glorified, because bearing the abundant fruits of His own Spirit. May God accomplish in you all ' the good pleasure of His goodness and the work of faith with power;' and 'may He fill you with all joy and; peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.'— ' Landmarks of Truth,' by W. Dalton, B.D. ? ? 