THE MORMONS. From the second edition of Mr. W. F. Rao's entertaining and instructive work, "Westward by Rail," we extract some information with respect to the Mormons, which derives a special interest from recent and impending events. During the past year Brigham Young appears to have had to deal with a schism in his flock as well as to ward off the attacks of unfriendly Gentiles. The Church of Zion, established by dissenting Mormons, was an institution which at first promised to be a formidable rival to the Established Mormon organisation. Mr. Godber, the principal founder of the Church, is said to have been influenced by motives of a very mixed character. "It was not till President Young founded co-operative stores, which had Holiness to the Lord for their motto and monopoly for their privilege, that Mr. Godber, the head of a large retail establishment, was moved to call in question his temporal authority." It is added that "the members of the Church of Zion profess a form of Mormonism in which the commercial principles of Free Trade are associated with professions of charity to all men. Other Mormons, however, who constitute the vast majority of the Saints, prefer a system of doctrine which draws a clear line of demarcation between the sheep and the goats. They glory in the thought that mankind is divisible into two classes the one class consisting of uncompromising Mormons, who will enjoy everlasting bliss in heaven, the other class of stiff-necked Gentiles, who will suffer to all eternity in hell." The section headed by Brigham Young had a contest with that headed by Mr. Godde at the last muncipal election!. The latter coalesced with the Gentiles, and for a brief space it seemed as if the adherents of Brigham Young were about to sustain defeat. But their lender was equal to the emergency He caused a bill to be introduced into the Legislative Assembly of Utah conferring the suffrage upon women. The bill speedily became law. Mr. Rae supplies a copy of the Act, the result of which was to give the victory to the Brigham party. His wives and the wives of his supporters voted for the candidates acceptable to the Saints. Recently those ladies, to the number of 2,500, have petitioned President Grant not to interfere with the Divine institution of polygamy. Those indications favour the views of those who maintain that, although the women really suffer the most through the operation of polygamy, yet they are sincerely desirous to uphold that abnormal social arrangement. As an argument, however, this has no more weight than the argument of the slave- holders, who alleged that the slaves actually hugged their chains, rejoiced in bondage, and dreaded nothing so much as emancipation. Hitherto much mystery has existed as to the exact number of Brigham Young's wives and children. Hardly any two travellers agree as to the figures. Mr. Rae sets the matter at rest by the following quotation from a recent sermon preached by Brigham himself in the Tabernacle :-" A great many men and women have an irrepressible curiosity to know how many wives President Young has. I am now going to gratify that curiosity by saying, Ladies and gentlemen, I have sixteen wives. If I have any more hereafter, it will be my good luck and the blessing of God. ' How many children have you, President Young f' 1 have forty-nine living children, and I hope to have a great many more." The progress of the events which have culminated in the indictment of Brigham Young for living an immoral life, and in a warrant for his arrest on a charge of murder, are narrated by Mr Rae in detail Chief Justice Mckean and the late Governor Shaffer have both rendered his position very unpleasantly administering and enforcing the law without fear or favour On turning to the chapter headed " Mormonism on its 'trial," we find an account of the murder of Dr Robinson, which throws much light upon Brigham Young s indictment for murder Dr Robinson was a Gentile, who had purchased a piece of land which the city authorities covered An attempt to dispossess him by process of law signally failed too was a warned that persistence on his part would prove dangerous " One night, after he had gone to bed, a knock summoned him to his door, where he was addressed by two or three men, who begged him to come to the help of a man who had fallen and broken his leg He went forth, taking a revolver with him, as was his wont A few hours afterwards he was found by ing a few yards from his own house, covered with wounds, and with a large gash on his head, caused by the blow of a blunted weapon The attack had been sudden and unexpected, for his To ided revolver was in his pocket The object of the assassins was not plunder, for his valuables were untouched A Gentle who helped to remove the dead both from the place where it was found to the house of the deceased, told me that Mormons who recognised the features refused to lend any assistance they know that the murdered man was highly obnoxious to the Church authorities, and they seemed to look upon his death by violence as the natural consequence of his conduct A large reward was offered for the apprehension of the murderers They are still at 1 urge It is the general belief that the suspected murderers are living in Salt Lake City, and that they would be brought to justice if there were a tribunal before which they could be indicted with the certainty of the law being enforced " The proceedings now taken against Brigham Young June reference to his complicity lnthoniurdor of the two older and younger Parishes at Indian | Firm in 1897 The Mountain Meadows massacre is another crime of which he is commonly supposed to have been the instigator But none of these cases are understood to be so dark as that relating to the murder of Dr Robinson Yot, whiloinfoimntion of this kind is of considerable value at present, many English readers will be even more interested in the account given of Mormon j doings at home Mr Rae states that at the recent Mormon conference it was announced that there are 10,000 Mormons in the British Isles This brings the matter home to us in a very practical way Unless the Education Act be amended, it is perfectly possible for a portion of the education rate to he applied to maintain Mormon schools What the Mormons themselves teach in this country is set forth in documents reprinted in this volume One of those is the following "Invitation" distributed among the poorer classes, and especially among servant girls " A great and marvelous work has come forth, to which we invite your serious attention. God, who in former times revealed Himself to the Prophets, has spoken to man with His own voice in this present day ! Angels, who, in ancient days, brought mes s ages from heaven to earth, have again visited this planet, and have reported that communication with the eternal world, which has been so long cut off! Jesus of Nazareth, who was slain on Calvary, but raised from the dead by the power of the father, has again manifested Himself, and has reorganised his Church with inspired apostles, prophets, c, after the ancient pattern, and has commissioned His servants to go forth and prepare the way for His second coming, which is nigh at hand. These words are true and faithful and God will bear witness of them by the gift and power of the Holy Ghost to all who receive this gospel in sincerity. If you wish to hear more concerning this important work, which is the entering in of the dispensation of the fulness of time, attend our meetings." What is done at these meetings is concisely stated in an abridgement of the proceedings at a conference in Glasgow held a few months ago. At that conference nineteen branches were represented. In Glasgow alone there are eighty-five elders, fifty-six priests, forty teachers, and twenty-three deacons. During the year " sixty convert) had been added to the Church of the Saints, and were duly baptized by total immersion in the Clyde." Two orders had I come from Salt Lake City to address this conference. Elder G. W. Grove said, " Here men build cities, invent machinery, and imagine great paintings, but they are spiritually ignorant and enveloped in gross darkness. But lo that land whither others are tending, Chtiat's messengers had come forty years ago to prepare the way, and lay the foundation of a mighty empire which would swallow up all other kingdoms, and in a few years Christ himself would suddenly burst upon them in all the ineffable splendours of His divinity." And added, " I pray God that your children would be rescued from this British Babylon, where had mon rule, and sent to those happy valleys that live in peace under the sway of the Apostles. Elder Elrodge was still more emphatic in denouncing Great Britain. Accord- ing to him, the land we live in is " as far from being civilized na hell is from heaven." This is certainly ' strong as well as strong language. Most persons would think it more applicable to the Sntlloniont among the " happy valleys" than the British Babylon. It is certainly noteworthy how energetic and successful the Mormons have been in making converts in this country. Mr. Rae states that at the annual conference held in Birmingham in 1870, it was announced that the 10,000 Mormons in the British Isles " represent 21 conferences, or districts, over each of which an Elder presides. In London there are eight branches. One hundred elders, about forty priests, twenty teachers, and thirty persons are constantly at work in the capital of England, preaching and propagating the religion whole of Brigham Young is the Prophet." In the chapter entitled " Mormon Missions and Missionaries, there is an instructive narrative based on Mormon official reports, of the progress of Mormon Missions in every quarter of the globe. From this it appears that their success in England and Wales has been greater than in any other part of the world. While these details are interesting in themselves, they are also fraught with cogent reasons for the English public watching the present judicial proceedings in Utah with extreme attention, 