STHE STORY-TELLER. 4 - 0 -- -THE ?0GHOST OF L.WFORD HALL. Brt =W.B WA&tricn; Txoanar r. (Continued). Could this be the Lady Lawford I had known in Paris, Ithought,; as I mounted the old oak staircase, and;, with a half :-alarmed look at my own shadow, entered the long corridor, in which our room, was the only one inhabited. A miserable visit it had been. If past trouble weighed upon the house, was the shadow of that crime to cast a gloom upon- the race for ever ? I could not account for the change in people I had known so gay and pleas ant, and I puzzled myself in vain to in vent a reason.. Extravagant I might have expected to find them, their life a ceaseless whirl of excitement; but care worn, humdrum-it seemed impossible, One would really have thought that kir Edward's father had been the murderer, instead of some grand-father's cousin, who had left no children, Oh, that George was well! I thought, that we could get away from this dreadful place. 'I uttered these words aloud as I opened the bed room door, so loud that I almost thought.they might have waked George; but there he lay, in a deep sleep, breath ing heavily, and with one bandaged arm resting upon the counterpane. There was no lamp lit in the room, but a cheer ful wood fire blazed id the grate, and merry shadows danced upon the ceiling The medicine-bottles were drawn up in .ghastly rank and file on the mantelpiece, and the careful servant had left jelly and meat essence, and some fruit, ready for my use on a side-table. I threw myself into a great carved r:hair that stood by the fire, and listened to my husband's breathing. There was no sound but that and the measured ticking of an old clock in the corridor. A bolt shot,.a door slammed far away in s-ome distant wing of the house, then the house seemed to fall into the profoundest r.leep. It was still as the family vault. Once a bough of clematis at the window -tapped against the glass, as if a fairy was begging admittance : once a cold :breath of air-- spread from I knew not where, and going no one knew whtther crept from under the door, and flowed in a cold, invisible current through the room in a ghostly kind of way.. Half an hour later, as I sat and watched, the i- wind seemed to spring into a sudden sort of riumbling and bluster in the great chimney, then sank again to silence, gagged by some secret power which it could not resist. I was looking at the fire, thinkingJof I know not what, wait ing for half-past one, when I was to' try and rouse George to give him the strengthening medicine, when my eyes all -.at 'once fell on a picture in a row of por traits I had not before especially noticed; it was one of four that hung in a dark corner of the room, very dark by day, and within the shadow of the heavy crim son curtains ; but now the _firelight gleamed full on it, and I could see its featires as clearly as if a sunbeam had fallen full upon the spot. It represented a man of about thirty ; the features were firm, but rather 'sharp and Voltairean; the powdered. hair, gathered into a club, was tied with a ribbon ; the'thin-lipped m nouth wore a cold, set smile. A sudden thought, from which I could not divest myself, arose in my mind-it was the portrait of the -murderer.' Just such a refined serpentish face I had imagined hid to be. .The scene of that tragedy came again into my mind; that. was the face that had bent over-the dead body with affected compassion; that had smiled in ".'triumph upon the gardener; that had angrily rebuked the sister for complain ing of his wish to rinse the fatal bottle ; that the face.that with practised courtesy had pretended to invite every inquiry. I :? knew the portrait would not be there if the Lawfords knew of its existence; but :still I could not help thimiking that the -portrait it was, and that the name of the Swretch it represented had in the lapse of ::time been forgotten. Consigned to exile -:in a garret; the picture had, somehow or otlier, with a sort of diabolic perais Stency, found its way back to its old haunts. Perhaps this had been his own bed-room, and that close by was the lock.up 'cham •.ber where he had distilled the poison. : Perhaps (and this terrible thought made meshudder in spiteof myself) this was the very room where the sick man had died in agony. Oh, this terrible house! j:I should never feel happy in it again. -Iy mind relapsed into its old train of associations. One special scene occured :: to. me; it was that where the two doctors, \--se.nt foi by.the murderer, came to mane San examination of the body. He received -them in the hall with a candle in his .:hand, and invited them in. He was .courteous and obliged. Sir Wiliam Wheeler, he said, had wished for the ex Samination. For what purpose ? they asked. Merely to satisfy the family, he '-aid, and showed them a letter from Sir WWilliam, expressingsuchawish, "merely Sthat those who. had been intimate with ithe, dead might be beyond suspicion." Hid Sir William written no other letter ? asked the more suspicious of the doctors. .Yes,. there had been another, equally friendly: it had indeed words which ex pressed. a suspicion of poison. The guilty man pretended to feel for this letter in his waistcoat- pocket, and in :doing so pulled out an envelope. The doctor had enly time for one glance, but that glance was sufficient to show it was directed in Sir William's hand-writing; still he said nothing. The examination did not take place, and the detection of the crime was for ajtime deferred, till a keener and less trustful medical man threw himself with untiring energy into the pursuit of the subtle criminnnl I looked up: it was half-past one. I went at once to the bedside and tried to rouse my husband to give him his medi cine, but he only stirred once, reluctantly gave a deep sigh, and relapsed into sleep. SIt was better to let him sleep; so un dressing and putting on my dressing .gown, I prezsed together the wood, now burnt to a white afh, and threw myself .on the bed beside my husband. I was just sinking into a doze, when a slight sound disturbed me. I was highly sensi tive just then from want of sleep, and in a moment -I recovered my senses. .It was a faint sound, like some one trying the handle'of the bed-room door. I listened again-all was still. It might have been a rat scratching behind the wainscot: at .night the faintest so~nd becomes magni fied by the imagination. I, sat up and listened !: it was not.hihg. The burning wood just then gave way,, and so broke into a slight blaze. .I lay down- again, and I think foll asleep. I was awoke, not-by any sound, but by a creeping, in describable sense of something supernatu ral and terrible. I looked up without mov ing, and saw-to an iinnite horror that paralyzed every limb-the door softly, noiselessly open, and from the outer darkfness the figure of an old man, dressed in an old yellow silk dressing-gown, glde in. He turned as he silently closed the door, and I saw that.his thin, emaciated face was pale as the dead; that his. head was bandaged and his jaw bound up as that of a corpse is -bound. The vacant eyes, that seemed entirelycolourless, were bent on the fireplace, and the figure seemed not to notice the bed, or those who were on it. Slowly gliding over the floor, the spirit of the murdered man for such it seemed to me to be-moved towards the fire, and sat there moving- its thin white hands, that seemed almost transpareht, before and over the flame. My courage recovering itself slowly, I began now to question myself seriously as to whether I was delirious or dream. iug. , To be sure I was awake-softly I stretched out my hand and pressed my husband's arm. He slightly moved, and uttered a-faint groan. I looked up and counted the green and red flowers iu the cornice of the bed. I. recalled the. posi tion of the bell, which was out of my reach. I pulled off my rings, and put them on again. I even took out my watch, and saw the time. It was a quar ter past two. As I lay there reasoning with myself that the half-open door and the pale figure in the faded yellow silk. dressing gown were only illusions of the senses, arising from ani imagination rendered sensitive by excitement, 1 again pressed my husband's hand tightly, so tightly that he moved and feebly groaned. At that sound the figure rose from the chair, stirred together, the embers, and advanced slowly towards the bed. To my indescri bable terror in the firelight, I then' saw that in one hand it held a long glancing sharp knife, the blade of which it held turned upwards against it arm. The wood ashes in the grate had now burned so low that they only cast a faint red glimmer on the floor, but there was still quite enough light on the end of the bed for me to see that the figure, raising the knife, was stealing towards me. I was frozen with terror, and had perhaps less power of voluntary movement left through my fear than I imagined, for I lay their uttering no cry, moving nolimb. At that moment the figure struck against a chair that stood by the table where I had been reading, and overset it. In a moment my brain seemed to recover its power, my heart to beat with renewed power. That one slight fact convinced me that the figure was not a supernatu ral one-it might be a murderer o6'b sleep- walker-but it was common flesh and blood. Its dreadful object I knew not; but there it stood, with the knife in its hand, eyeing us in a blank, deadly way, and with a sort of serpent-like malice. I had just resolved to spripg upon it, struggle for the weapon, and scream for help, when it turned towards the door and glided out as silently, and in as death-like a way as it had entered. I watched it an instant, then with a sud den flood of fresh life darted from the bud, closed the door, swiftly turned the key, drew the bolt with the rapidity of lightning, and fell back on the floor in a swoon. . The next morning I went down and joined the party at breakfast as usual. -I said nothing, but complained ofeleepless ness and not feeling well; Great was the sympathy and universal was the cry that I must not sit up watching another night. My dear Mrs.-- , you will take these things quieter a year hence,' said Sir Edward cynically. I saw Lady Lawford fixing her eyes on me with a peculiar earnestness. When we had done breakfast Lady Lawford took me quietly apart into her boudoir. ' Mrs.- ,' she said, taking my hand, 'you look very ill. I am a woman of the world, and older than you. You cannot deceive me; something terrible must have happened to you last night. . I think I can guess what it was. It was not the watching alone made your hand shake as it now does. Come, dear, tell me.' I told her all, and concealed nothing, from the thought about the' poisoner's portrait to the moment that I fainted. I saw her face grow very sad and serious as I went on. When I had done she heaved a great sigh. ' My dear,' she said, ' I can and must explain this mystery, though I would have concealed it from almost every one but you. We have in a distant wing of the house, an insane person- an old man, a relation of Sir Edward's. He was fond of Sir Edward when a boy, and my hus band in gratitude for I is kindneas took care of him when his wife and friends deserted him. He is a great care to us, as at times lie is subject to paroxysms of of homnicidal mania. He is very cunning and dangerous, and has to be strictly watched, especially at such periods. Last night the person in charge of him, who had been drinking with the upper ser vants, fell asleep, as he now confesses; and the old man, watching'his opportun ity, .stole from the room, and passed down a back staircase leading to the kitchen. There he secreted a large carv ing-knife left. in the butler's pantry by one of the servants, and crossed to .our side of the house. The man awaking pursued him, and found him crouching in the hall; but gathered from his few in coherent words that he had entered some bed- room, either yours or one near it. This is the whole mystery, my dear Mrs.- , and I can only deeply regret you should have been placed for a mo ment in such great danger. We remained-were, indeed, obliged toremain four days more-in the house; but I was, I must confess, very glad, in spite of Lady Lawford's hospitality, to see the coach that was to take us away drive up to the fronit door. Often in my dreams the old Tudor window, the great iron gate, the portrait, and' the ghostly figure in the old yellow dressing-gown, figure in wild nightmare complications. (C 'oncluded.) An auctioneer, speaking to an horse-dealer about the situation of an estate' he was to sell, in a level neighborhidod, said, "'the country is exceedingly beautiful, and I do, so admire a rich flat."-"So do I, sir," said. the grinning jockey. 