THE REV. CHARLES CLARE'S LECTURE ON "OLIVER GOLD SMITH." As was expected, the Town Hall was well filled on Monday night, when the b'ev. Charles Clark, of Melbourne, lectured upon " Oliver Goldsmith," in aid of the funds of the North Adelaide Baptist Church. The fame of the rev. gentleman's lecture had preceded him, and among, the audience the realization fully! justified the expectation which had been based upon the rumored excellence of Mr. Clark's biographical and critical addresB. The chair was taken by His "Worship the Jilayor !Mr. Bartels), who, in a few well-choBen wemarits, introduced" the lecturer. The Itev. Ohables Clabk, to whom a very warm reception was given, said there were few names in English literature more familiarly known than that of Oliver Goldsmith. Among the poets of his own time the amiable Cowper alone could compare with him, and yet Cowper. scarcely pleased so large a circle of promiscuous readers. Goldsmith's prose and poetical writings, whilst they ranked the highest, bade fair also to be the most enduring. w nerever he was known he was beloved, and although there were many weaknesses and follies in his character, they were but blemishes on the sur face, for the heart seemed to be sound ; and bach "was the power and bright genius, and such .the simple, honest, kindly nature of the man, that whilst in the contemplation of his infirmi ties our compassions were kindled, our pity was never mingled with contempt, Oliver Goldsmith's father was, he said, the Dr. Prim-" rose in the " Vicar of Wakefield." hi is father was the Rev. Charles Goldsmith, and Oliver was born at Pallas on the 10th November, 1728, the fourth child and second son of his father.. In 1730, the family removed to Lishoy, the "Sweet Auburn" of the ''Deserted Village," At the age of three years Oliver's education began at Mrs. Elizabeth Delap's day school. When Bix years old he eame under the influence of a pedagogue, one Paddy Byrne, an old soldier in Queen Anne's war3, who professed only to teach the " three r's," but who was rieh in legendary lore of ghosts and fairy folk "generally. This pedagogue was the schoolmaster of the "Deserted Village." In his ninth year he "Was removed from that little academy, and went iu snccsssion to various grammar schools, i After a passing reference to his childhood, which he said was not a happy child hood, he related how in June, 1745, Oliver obtained a sizarship at Trinity College, Dublin; how the . severe and harsh Mr. Wylie, his tutor, warped Oliver's mind, and led him to engage in a street riot, which brought him into disgrace ; and how subse quently he so humiliated him th it Oliver left, college and fled to Cork, intending to go to America, iut he spent all his money before starting, and returned to his mother penniless. At this time he wrote street ballads for 5s. a-pieoe, and a reconciliation having taken place between Oliver and the tutor Wylie, Goldsmith re-entered college. In 1749, when about 20 years of age, he took his B.A. degree, and that being about all he could expect from college, be hastened his departure from a scene in which he had given but scant revelation of those powers which afterwards made him famous. Then came the important question in the family circle—" What shall we do with him ?'" and being a confirmed " ne'er-do-weel," the Church was thought of for him—(laughter)— bnt Oliver shrunk from this—not only from a conviction of his personal unfitness for the I office, but also fioin bis de- ire for travel, and his great objection to personal restraint. How ever, he went up for holy orders, but he pre sented himsell to the Bishop in scarlet breeches, for which he was requested to leave the palace with all convenient speed. (Laughter.) Then:, he took a tutorship in a private family, leaving : which he lounged at home, and then made another start for America. On reaching ! ork. he prepaid his passage for New York, but the vessel was delayed by contrary winds, and when she sailed Gold.-mith was on a pleasure excursion in the country. The lecturer here read Oliver's letter to his mother, relating his adventutes at Cork with his horse Fiddleback. He commenced the study of the law, but in this he made an egregious failure. Then, fitted out by his generous uncle, he proceeded to Edin burgh to study for medicine, and in 1754 he proceeded to Leyden to continue his studies. Here he was put to comical shifts to gain a living, and here, when his circumstances were at their lowest, he thought it was a proper season to undertake bis grand tour through Europ9 on foot, and the " Philosophic Vaga bond" in the " Vicar of Wakefield," related some of his attempts to obtain the means of living. After a sojourn in Prance he travelled through Switzerland into Italy, winning his way by his flute playing, which stood him in good need, except in Italy, where laying aside his Aire, he gained a precarious living by the competitive disputations at . the Universities. fter two years' travelling in this fashion he landed in England iu 1756, and became an apothecary's assistant. Then he became an usher in a school, and then he again set up as a medical practi tioner, the reading of printers'proofs alternating with his medical pursuits. At this time he was tniserably poor, and he often trod the weary London streets houseless and hungry; but even then he had a heart to sympathise with mis fortune other than his own. The lecturer then passed on to speak of Golds tilth's literary drudgery in the service of Mr. Griffiths, when he bad to sit writing in a dismal garret from 9 to 2. snubbed by the publisher, and haggled at by his old wife. His writings, however, began now to attract attention, and men of mark in his own profession began to receive him into their ranks. In 1761 Samuel Johnson provided him with decent lodgings, where he mote that ad mirable series of letters which were afterwards called " i et'.ers from a Citizen of the World." Johnson's acquaintance ripenedinto an honorable friendship, and very speedily Sir Joshua Rey nolds ili-covered Goldsmith's faculties as a poet. Goldsmith was one of the first members of the Literary Oluh. The lecturer then re'ated the story of Goldsmith's arrest by his landlady for rent, and Johnson's iriendly intervention, when Oliver produced a manuscript, which Johnson immediately sold to the publisher (Newberry) for £60, and rescued the author from the iuisjmp.ithisiDg landlady. That1 manuscript was the " Vicar of Wakefield"—a simple natural stoiy, and ar less pictures of life, which would be preserved as loug as the language in which it was written lasted. (Cheers.) Having quoted the tributes which Scott and Goethe paid to this novel, he read wifh charming grace the first chapter of the "Vicar of Wakefield," which was loudly ap plauded. Newberry kept the manuscript for two years before he printed it, but when pub lished it established Goldsmith's fameas a pro e writer. About ihe same time, Christmas 1764, he published "The Traveller," which im»>e r?::.r'-'y raised him to the rank of a legitimate r.i.gii.-l. classic. He also determined to try Laud at dramatic writing, and in 1768 ''The Good-Natured Man" was published, f^gyi.ich he received £500—which sum he Wi.. Cro'd in improvident expenditure and in civ'ifyng his taste for gorgeous apparel. In a77«> his "Deserted Village''was published, .ui' diciirfn and ver-ifi cat ion is equal if not superior to "The Traveller." Three years after another play, "- he Stoops to Conquer," was brought out with great success at Oovent Garden. The curtain, said the lecturer, fell upon a tremendous triumph, and a c-ntury o f experience has confirmed that triumph. Gold smith indnstriously compiled Histories of Rome, England, and Greece, and a History of the Earth, and Animated Nature, for which, in all, he recgived 1,900 guineas. They were but compilations and abridgments of dry and bulky volumes, but they were so trans lated into Goldsmith's free, pure, natural English, that they were very entertaining reading. What he did with his money, unless we allowed the accusations of gambling to be true, must ever remain a mystery. Always re ceiving cash for work projected but never com menced, things began to get worse and worse, and his health gave way. On 25th March. 1774, he was prosnrated by a violent attack of in internal disease, and in addition to his bodily illness, his mind was harassed, and on ith April, 1774, he died, as J 'hnson said—" Of . fever, exasperated, as I believe, by the force of iiatress, He had raised money and squandered it by eyery purpose of .acquisition and every folly of expense; but let not his foliies be re membered, for he was a very great man.'' After a touching reference to the death of the poet — unfriended and alone — he con cluded thus—"Let me say as a parting sen tence, especially to the young men and women of this assembly, while you may never hope to possess Oliver Goldsmith's bril liant genius, or emulate in any fashion his wide-spread fame, yet you may cultivate all •those kindly purposes which made him univer sally 'beloved. "While clearly perceiving bis follies and weaknesses, extenuating nothing, nor setting down aught in malioe, you may avoid them, and, by a wise and intelligent culture of the powers God has given'you, pro tect yourselves against the presence of the in numerable evils which shadowed the pathway of this great man, and, departing, leave behind you as a legacy a name unstained by folly, feebleness, or sin ; having the satisfying know ledge, too, as yon sink to rest, that your memories are beloved and venerated, not in spite of your unnumbered frailties and errors, bat because of the positive excellencies of your life. "Begood, sweet friends, and let who will be clever, Do noble things, not dream them all day long; So making life death, and the vast forever One grand sweet song." The rev. lecturer, who for two hours had sus tained the unflagging attention of his hearers, | resumed his seat amidst loud and long-continued j applause. The Rev. J. L. Pabsons briefly moved a vote I of thanks to Mr. Clark for his lecture, and to the ' Mayor for presiding, remarking that, as a speoi 1 men of briiliant and sustained oratory, and as an example of unfaltering memory, the lecture had no parallel in his experience. The Rev. T. James, who seconded themotioh, referred to the marvellous condensation and clearnessof theleature, and also to the indebted ness of the Adelaide public to Mr. Clark for this lecture, and also for his other services in the pulpit. The motion was carried by acclamation. The Rev. Chas. Clark, in acknowledging the compliment, said he had come here for a holi day, but he had had about 2-5 per cent, more work to do here than at home. He was gratified, however, to find that he had afforded them pleasure that evening, and as he should l°ave on the morrow, he bade them good night—God bless them. (Applause.) j His Worship the Mayor having also briefly expressed his acknowledgment, the proceedings closed. 