NEW BOOKS. The Haklnyt Sodety ^ has published another took of those angular chronicleB ot old times which are continually coming to licht to confirm or to destroy the oonclnflions of historians. 'Reports on the Discovery of Peru' is a translation from the Spanish by Clements R. Markham, C.B., of various official documents, including the * - Narrative of the Conquest of Peru by Francisco de Xeres, Secretary to Francisco Pizarro,' written on the spot by command of his' master. The Btory of Francisco Pizarro and his brothers reads like a romance, but it is a ? ' romance with thiB unconquerable defect, that we cannot admire the hero. Francisco Pizarro was of low origin, and could neither read nor write, yet by his own exertions he' raised himself from the keeping of pigs to be arbiter of the destiny of kings, and the conqueror of an empire many times larger than that of Spain itself. No one can' deny that he was. brave, but he was cruel and treacherous ta the last degree. Avarice was his ruling motive. To this he sacrificed alike friend and foe, and he died at last assassinated by the followers of an old comrade andcompanioQ in arms, whom he had first alienated -by his perfidy and then entrapped and put to death. The discovery of Peru with its yjjHt population, its fine roads cut in the siddara the mountains or built up of solid masonry across the ravines, its suspension bridges and its well-developed system of irrigation, must hava been an event full of wonder and mystery even in the days when every ship that crossed the Atlantic brought back now ' stories of wonder and mystery. Situated where the Andes rise almost direct from the coast, and watered only by rapid mountain streams, Peru would have been a sterile' country but for the admirably contrived net* work of artificial channels— some of them 500 miles long— which enabled' the inhabi tants to cultivate it to the utmost advantage* The plains and the valleys waved with Indian corn* Bananas nestled in the deep gorges | the very mountain sides were terraced, and - ♦ hung with groves of fruit-trees; while in the higher grounds the potato flourished, and. higher still flocks of llamas, under the care of shepherds, wandered over the rich pastu rage. The gentle inhabitants, unsuspicious of evil, received Pizarro with a kindly wel« ' Come, feasted him in their beautiful gardens./ exhibited their dances, and with much laughter assisted in planting the Spanish, flag, little thinking of the meaning of the ceremony. But the Spaniards had fixed ' their greedy eyes upon the gold ornament* worn by their entertaineYs, and we soon ? find them requiting their hospitality by rifling one of the Temples of the Sun of its golden decorations. Pizarro con» ceived the idea of conquering the country, and after years of continuous effort and patient endurance he succeeded. Twice after; with incredible difficulty, 'procuring a ship and reaching the coast, he found his men decimated by disease, and unable to face the. Peruvians, who mustered in military order by thousands to resist him. Once, after waiting nine months on a desert island for succour from Panama, the vessel which he had despatched to seek for it brought only orders to return. Then Pizarro, drawing a line on the sand with his sword, turned to. his men and spoke thus:—' Gentlemen, this ? line signifies labour, hunger, thirst, fatigue, wounds, sickness, and every other kind of . danger. Let those who have the courage cross the line in token of their resolution, and as a testimony that they will be my. faithful companions, and let those who are unworthy of such daring return to Panama.' Thirteen only remained, and Pizarro had! ^o go back to Spain and seek help from Charles the Fifth before he could accomplish hi» cherished project. On his return to Peru he took advantage of a quarrel between the Yucas for the sovereignty, and offering aid to one of them, Atahualpa, he advanced into the country without difficulty. Then turning upon his unfortunate aUy and charging him with treason, he first got a ransom for their monarch from the people, then ordered.him .' to be burned alive unless he should become a Christian; and when the unfortunate king consented to be baptized, only changed the punishment of burning for that of strangling. Pizarro was great in adver sity, but in prosperity he was th& meanest of tyrants. He found the country a paradise ; when he died it was a wilder ness. Gold was all he cared for, and gold - he obtained in abundance. In one year treasure to the value, of £283,432 was- . landed in Spain, besides forty-two vases of gold and ninety-two of silver. Among the treasures, we are told, was an eagle of silver. - .* In its body were fitted two vases and two large pots, one of gold and the other of silver, each of which was capable of containing a cow cut up in pieces. There were also two sacks of gold, an idol of gold the size of a child of four years old, and two small ? drums. Spain paid dearly for her ill* : gotten gains. The desire for wealth drained ? the country of her boldest men. Her rulere ; took advantage of their absence, and from : , being the freest people in Europe the Spaniards soon became the most enslaved, and little more than fifty years after the conquest of Peru the defeat of the Spanish Armada gave the mastery .of the seas to the English, and the prestige of Spain was-* - ? gone. 'The Life and Times of Sixtus V.,' by Baron Hiibner, translated by Mr. Jerning ham, is an interesting account of a period, closely connected with that of which we have been writing. All over Europe the Church of Rome was making new efforts against Protestantism ; and Sixtue, one of the ablest' of her Popes, watched and directed these efforts from his Papal Chair. In Germany Luther's followers were falling away from the old Church ; in France the national faith trembled in the balance ; and in Eng land the accession of Elizabeth had trans ferred the allegiance of the Church from the Pope to the Crown. 8ixtus distrusted Spain, and resented the arrogance of Olivaref ,, : her ambassador. He liked capable people^ and could not help having a leaning towards Henry of Navarre and Elizabeth, even though they were bis enemies. Meanwhile- - Drake had dared to interfere with Spanish galleons, capturing them under the very guns of Cadiz, keeping alive the Portuguese* uTBurrection, and filling Phillip with alarm ' for his far-away colonies. 'Nothing was left but to organise an expedition, not against'/ r the nncatchable Drake, 'whose swift English*^ clippers' outstripped the Royal Navy,' but ' against the ' ' country from which his vessels- - sailed.' Sixtus the Fifth was an earnest and far ? sighted man ; he encouraged Philip because it was a war of Catholicism against Protestantism, but .1. he never : relied upon him to re- , build the Catholic faith; he saw that v the power of Spain, apparently bo great, was pn the decline, and he despised - the - Sing for his want of energy. The delays were interminable. ' ' For goodness' sake,*' ? said Sixtus to the Venetian ambassador,. ./ 'let. Venice and Rome help each other, f The King and his Armada are becoming '^ ridiculous, -while Tjneen Elkaboth knows how to manage her affairs. If that, woman , were only a Catholic she would be loved by us more than, any other sovereign, for she has . great qualities. See what Drake is I1 ' And : when at last the news of. Philip's discom fiture reached Rome the P«pe foresaw the ? whole extent of the disaster, and attributed it not so much to the elements as to the mis management of Philip and the courage of 'the valiant woman,' as he called her, whom he admired while he hated. 'lives of English Popular Leaders,'. by 0 Edmund Maurice, is the first of a series intended to include Stephen Langton, Wat Tyler Sir John Oldcastle, and.J ack Cade, and promises to throw light upon obscure episodes in English history. . Stephen Langton was the man of his time. Every child's history tells the first part of his story how he was appointed by Pope Innocent III. to be Archbishop of Canterbury; how John refused to have him; how the Pope excommunicated John, laid the kingdom under an interdict, and would have formally transferred it to Prince Louis of France had not John taken fright and surrendered his crown to the Papal legate, receiving it back on his knees as a gift from the Pope of Rome. A man thus forced into powermighthavebeenexpectedto make use of it solely for the advantage of his pation the Pope, and Innocent was wofully disappointed to find that Langton was more of an Englishman than a Churchman, and ever preferredfce welfare of his country to the Papal authority. Before many yeara had passed Innocent joined John against his protege, suspending Langton from his bishopric, and when he went to Rome to remonstrate keeping him prisoner there until his own death. But this was not before Langton had done good work for England. It was he who. taught the Barons to combine, instead of being each one for himself; and the result was not only the signing of Magna Charta at Runnymede, but the foundation of the House of Lords, the first step towards the House of Commons, which was to super sede it. .On his return to England in the reign of Henry the Third Stephen Langton devoted himself to the upholding of that liberty which he had acquired for the people, and to the maintenance of the prin ciple that the redress of grievances should precede the granting of taxes. His life was worth writing, and if the other volumes of the work prove as good and as interesting as this, they will form a valuable addition to our libraries. ' A Book of Parliamentary Anecdote' by 6. H. Jennings contains many interesting stories and the origin of numerous popular phraseB and by-words. 'His Majesty's Opposition' came from John Cam Hobhouse. Lord Thurlow called the Duke of Grafton ' the accident of an accident,' and because the debates in one House were not to be mentioned in the other the term 'another place' was used to evade the difficulty. It is surprising to find that many of England's greatest orators began by utter failure. ?Sheridan was a notable instance. He was listened to, for much was expected from him, but his tongue seemed too thick for manage ment, and nervous agitation made his speech the more indistinct. He sat down amidst an utter silence. Yet Sheridan was not dis mayed. 'I know that is in me,' he said, 11 and' (in more vernacular English than is given by our author) 'by ? it shall come out of me.' Disraeli's first speech was a failure. It excited more laughter than cheers, 'and ended in the now well-known words : — ' I have begun several times many things, and I have often succeeded at last. 1 will sit down now, but ' the time will come when you will hear me.: ' On the other hand, William Pitt showed himself from the very first a perfect orator. 'The deportment, ease, readiness, and harmonious voice of the elder Pitt were all manifest in the younger Pitt. 'Chip of the old block,' exclaimed Burke ; it is the old block itself ;' and Fox was enthusiastic in his praise, con fessing that Chatham lived again in his con.' Fox himself came out with edat. He had spoken certainly two months .previously, but it was only to a point of order. His first real speech was on the Middlesex petition in reference to the right of the Middlesex electors to return WiLkes. Sir Charles Banbury praised its spirit, Parliamentary language, and con stitutional knowledge. Lord Holland said it was all off-hand argumentative. Yet at this time Fox was not twenty. He had come up from Newmarket, 'where he had been drinking all night, and he had had no sleep at all.' 'Single-speech Hamilton,' who took the House by storm with his eloquence, turns out not to have deserved his name, for he made several other speeches in the English Parliament, though none equalled the first; and in the Irish Parlia ment, of which he afterwards became a member, he fully sustained his reputation. Lord Chesterfield's son, Mr. Stanhope, made one speech, and one only. Although he had been carefully trained for the effort by his father he broke down, and could never be induced to speak again. Lord North's son also made but one attempt, of which he has left us an account. He had scarcely got through two sentences when his memory failed him. ' A mist seemed to rise before my eyes,' he says. . . . . 'I could see nothing but the Speaker's wig, which swelled, and swelled, and swelled till it covered the whole House. I then sank back in my seat, and never attempted another speech.' 'The Dangerous Classes of New York,' by Charles Loring Brace, is a valuable and practical work by a man who thoroughly understands his subject. Mr. Brace has for eighteen years been acting as Secretary to a Society for the reclamation of City Arabs of both sexes. 'TheChildren'sAidSociety'soon realized the fact that a thorough change of circumstances was the only chance of re forming these unfortunates. They began by founding schools and lodging- houses, bat 'placing out' has proved the great panacea for the vagabond habits of this class. Mr, Brace enters largely into the asylum question, and his final conclusion is, in his own words, ' The plainest fanner's home rather than the best asylum a thousand times.' To awaken a demand for the chil dren circulars were sent out to all the country districts. Hundreds of applications from fanners, &c;, poured in, and the Society has succeeded in finding homes or work for between 20,000 and 24,000- chil dren, whohave on the whole done exceedingly well, hardly any of the number returning to the criminal ranks. The result is a diminution of crime, which is moet satisfactory. Mr. Brace says:— 'The most important field of the Children's Aid Society has been among the destitute and street-wandering and tempted little girls, itaUbours embracing annually many thousanoir-Gf- this unfortunate class. Has crime increased with them? The great offence of this class, either as children or as young women, comes under the heading of ?*yagrancy,' this including their arrest and jraoishment either as street- walkers or prosti tutes or homeless persons. In this there is during the past 13 years a most remarkable decrease — a diminution of crime probably ujnexaaipled in any criminal records through the world.' He ? then gives the rate of comtrataaents for vagrancy to the city prisons in these years, showing that for the last eleven they have steadily decreased, having fallen from 5,580 in 1860 to 548 in J871. We have Already referred to the fact that our Destitute Board is trying this plan of. 'placing out.' It may be interesting to - the members of that Board to know that the voluntary help rendered by the Children's Aid Society has produced such excellent ' results. 'Recollections of Society in France and England,' by Lady Clementina Davies, is a pleasant gossiping book. The Eecollections date from the commencement of the present century, and include love stories, ghost stories, and scandalous stories, all told in a very lively manner. The family of Lady ClementinaDavieshadfoUowed JamesII. into exile and acquired French manners andhabits. Her first engagement was to a young French man, Count Maurice de la Fare, and was carried on according to strict French etiquette. She says :—' Impediments re specting matters of property caused the marriage to be postponed from time to time, so that my engagement lasted for years, and all that time we might have been perfect strangers to each other had it not been for an ingenious devic'e of Count Maurice. Though not allowed to converse we were allowed to sing, and he would bring a new song for me to try, the printed words of which were interlined in pencil with what he had to say. This song he would afterwards take away, but not before I had read the words he had written.' The 'impediments respecting matters of property' eventually caused the breaking off of the engagement, and the lady rejoices over the strict surveillance which prevented her from feeling this seriously. Had they been married it is possible she might have thought differently. Another engagement was to the Baron Von S. ; short, ugly and middle-aged, whose only merit was that he had £15,000 a year; but the temper of her - father, Lord Maurice Drummond, ' ' overcame his discretion in the course of the negotiation, for when the Baron refused to make a settlement upon the young lady if she should elect to live apart from him, her father replied, 4Do you really think my daughter would marry an ugly ape like you unless if she chose she could live indepen dently of you V In answer to this rudene3S the Baron sent a challenge, 'and poor Lady Clementina would have married him to save her father had not the man happily proved a scamp too low to fight with. There is much in these pages about the eccentric Lady Cork, who at ninety had a rout, or a dinner- party, or went out every night of her life. On one occasion she invited all the clever birds of her acquain tance to exhibit their accomplishments, offer ing a gold collar and medal to the cleverest. This was won by Lady Clementina's bird for the faculty of talking good sense. ' Every body wondered at seeing the little creature going round the table tasting everything, and if it took its fanc}r, saying, 'that's good, that,' at the same time turning up its eyes in a most odd way; while, if it tasted anything which it did not like, it would say, 'that's bad,' and make off as fast as it could, running all round the table till it came to me.' European Telegrams.— We this morning publish an unusually interesting budget of news from Europe. The item which will create most surprise is that.announcing that Sir James Fergusson is to be transferred to New Zealand, in succession to Sir George Bowen, who, as has been anticipated, is to assume the Governorship of Victoria. We shall probably hear more in a day or two respecting these viceregal changes. The commercial news is on the whole satisfactory, although not so complete as might have been wished. The rumours as to a continued advance in copper are not confirmed, but prices are firm at last week's quotations of from £90 to £92 per ton. This information, if it does not produce any particular effect upon the price of scrip, will at all events Teassure holders and encourage mining enterprise. Queensland, it will be observed, is profiting by the labour agitation now in progress in the agricultural counties in England — a fact which should not be lost sight of by South Australia. Three hundred immigrants from Warwickshire would at the present time be an exceedingly welcome addition to our popu lation. m ? ' The Telegraph Constructors. — We have to-day to welcome back to Adelaide the brave fellows upon whom has devolved the task of erecting the most difficult portions of the Overland Telegraph. Some of them have been away for more than two years, others have not been absent so long, but all have had to endure hardships, and many of them actual privation. How heroically they have carried through the work entrusted to their care we all know, and any words we may now use add nothing to the expressions of satisfaction which their share in the great undertaking has extorted from all classes of the community. It did not require their presence in South Australia to excite those lively feelings of gratitude which are to find vent in a public demonstration, and in a still more substantial recognition of their services. They have well discharged a duty which required for its proper perfor mance industry and perseverance, and personal endurance of no ordinary kind. In saying this we make no distinction between officers and men, for all have in their separate spheres been called upon to manifest sterling qualities, and have shown themselves to be made of the right stuff. In returning to the comforts of civilized life they have the proud consciousness that they have done all that men could to uphold the honour of the colony, and execute the trust placed in their hands. This is a higher reward than any that can be conferred upon them by their fellow-colonists, but it is none the less the duty of the public, and of the Government representing the public, to afford some tangible evidence of their appreciation of faithful service. As already intimated Mr. R. C. Patterson has remained behind in Sydney, and there seems to be some doubt as to whether he will reach Adelaide in time for the banquet. His absence will be a source of regret, for he has in the face of im mense difficulties contributed greatly to the successful issue of the work of telegraph con struction. ' Miss Anna Forde's Benefit— Miss Forde's many theatrical friends will have an opportunity this evening of showing in a substantial way their appreciation of her musical and dramatical abilities. The programme consists of the 'Eton Boy,' 'Barney Bourke,' and the elegant ex travaganza of 'tittle Don Giovanni' _ Miss Forde has played a most important part in the successful representation of the burlesques of the season, and it is only fair that she should receive some special benefit from her deserved popularity. The Todd Banquet.— We are desired to in timate — what is announced in our business columns— that tickets for the Todd Banquet are obtainable from members of the Committee. The Banquet is to take place on Friday next, and the Committee are desirous that early application should be made for tickets. . Cricket.— A match was played upon the East Park Lands on Saturday, November 9, between the Kensington Club's Second Eleven and the United Cricket Club, which was won by the former with eight wickets to spare. Messrs. Burton and Wade were the respective captains. The totals were— Kensington, first innings, 40; second innings, 31, with three wickets down; United, first innings, 24; second innings, 49. Thb Port BazaAR,— It will be seen by adver tisement that the ba.'^ar which it was proposed to hold on board the South Australian to-day in aid of the Port Institute has been postponed in consequence of the lanientable boat resident which' occurred on SaturdaV.' .^ifKRALOFTBE LaTEMr. T. B. BRDCB — On Saturday afternoon, November 9, the re mains of the: late Mr. Taibot Baines Bruie were conveyed from his Jate residence, Lefevre terrace, North -Adelaide, to the Claytoa Church Cemetery for interment. 'The., hearse was followed 'by a large number of carriages containing, besides the immediate relatives of the deceased, , a number of his personal friends, and those who had been asso ciated with him in the profession of which he was so distinguished a member. 'The service in the church and at the grave was conducted by the Revs. James Jefferis, LL.B., C. B. Symes, B.A., and C. W. Evas, B.A. Among those who attended at the Cemetery to pay the last tribute of respect to one who had gained the esteem of all those with whom he came in contact were, in addition to the ministers mentioned above, the following gentle men:— Messrs. W. Bruce (father of deceased), J,'A.,F. 0., and Theo. Bruce (brothers), R. I. Stow, Q.C., and Frank Ayers (partners), His Honor Mr. Justice Wearing, Messrs. E. T/Smith, M.P,, W. F. Stock, H. Stock, F. Baines, Drs. Gosse and Campbell, the Rev. F. W. Cox, the Mayor, Town Clerk, and Councillors of Ade laide, Messrs R. Ingleby, J. Souttar, J. Fisher, W. Townsend, M.P., W. C. Belt, J. J. Whitby, A. Labatt, W. M. Sandford, J. A; T. Lake, M.P., F; (Robinson, J. C. Bray, M.P., J. B. Sheridan, L. Glyde, M,P., H. C. Palmer, W. Barlow, J. E. Moulden, W. B. Boothby, J. P. Boucaut, J. W. Downer, W. D. Scott, J. Stow, John Young, W. Harcus, S. Berry, the clerks in the office of Messrs. Stow, Bruce, & Ayers, and many others. Reference to Mr. Brace's death was made in several city and suburban churches on Sunday. We may here, in addition to the particulars in our pre vious notice, mention that Mr. Bruce was the fourth son of Mr. William Bruce. He came to the colony in 1852, and previous to his arrival received his first instruction in law in the office of his eldest brother, Mr. W. Bruce, of Leeds, Yorkshire, formerly barrister of the Northern Circuit, and now Stipendiary Magis trate of that town. The date of his marriage with Miss Rosalie Stock, who is a daughter of the late Mr. Robert Stock, of Clifton, Gloucester shire, was November, 1859. He leaves four children— two boys and two girls. Mr. Bruce entered into partnership with Mr. Stow in 1862. The idea of establishing the Bank of Adelaide originated with him, and he laboured hard and successfullyin carrying it out. He was also one of the originators of the National Marinel nsu rance Company. British and Foreign Bible Society.— The annual meeting of the Goolwa branch of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Tuesday evening, November 5, in the Wesleyan Chapel; the Rev. J. Allen presided. Mr. T. Goode, jun., gave a short report of the operation of the branch during the past year. The sale of Bibles and Testaments amounted to 34 copies, and the free donation to the parent Society which had been collected in the district amounted to £10. The Rev. B. Backhouse, the Society's agent, gave an interesting account of the operation of the Society in various parts of the world, evidencing the great good which had attended the Colporteur system in the sale of the sacred books on the Continent of Europe, &c.; The following gentlemen wore nominated as the officers and Committee for the ensuing year:— Mr. T. Usher, President; Mr. T. Goode, jun., Treasurer and Secretary ; and Messrs. S. Chrystal, G. Eaton, T. R. Sumner, M. Richards, J. Mitchell, and J. Meadowcroft, Committee. On Wednesday evening, November 6, the annual meeting of the Port Elliot Branch was held in the .District Schoolroom, when the Rev. J. Hotham presided. Mr. H. C. Scarfe, the Secre tary, gave a short report. The number* of Bibles and Testaments sold during the year was 27, and the amount collected about £7. Mr. Backhouse, the Society's agent, then gave a sketch of the great work which is being carried on in various parts of the world, particularly on the Continent of Europe. He was followed by the Rev. C. Hodge, who gave an interesting address. After the thanks of the meeting had been given to the officers and Committee for their services during the past year, the following gentlemen were chosen to be the officers and Committee for the coming year, viz.:— H. Hodgson, Esq., J.P., Treasurer; Mr. H. G. Scarfe, Secretary; and the Rev. J. Hotham, Messrs. J. Harding, W. Heggaton, W. Softly, B. Welch, R. Allen, L. Y. Tite, T. Treriaman, D. Golding; and R. Jemison to form the Committee. The Friendly Societies and the Telegraph Demonstration.— A meeting was held at the Hotel Europe, on Saturday, November 9, to make arrangements- for the members of the various Friendly Societies joining in the proces sion in honour of Mr. Todd, his officers and men. Considering that the meeting was confined to the officers of the Societies there was a fair attendance. The G.M. of the M.U. presided. Mr. J. H. Parr attended on behalf of the Banquet Committee to give any information. A proposition that the Friendly Societies take part in the proposed demonstration was not seconded. It was then moved that the request of the Banquet Committee that the Friendly Societies join in the procession be respectfully declined. This was seconded, and a somewhat lengthy discussion ensued, in which, while all honour and thanks were freely accorded to those engaged in the work, yet various objections were started to the invitation of the Committee. It was urged that as by the action ef the Com mittee in fixing the price of the ticket to the banquet at £1 Is., they had prevented the great body of the middle and working-classes from being present, it woild be unwise to take any part in the demonstration whatever. It was stated that as the great majority of the guests were working men they would not feel easy at a guinea dinner, and that it was likely they would be better pleased at an entertain ment at which a large numbers of their own order would be present. Objection was also taken to the starting-place of the procession, and to expecting two or three thousand people to walk to Wellington-square and then .walk back again for no apparent reason. Several of the speakers, stated that in conversation with friends they found nearly a unanimous feeling against the Friendly Societies taking any part in the demonstration. One gentleman stated that in his Court the proposal met with only one supporter. A fear was also expressed that from the lukewarmness apparent the numbers who would turn out would be so small that it would give the public a false idea of the strength of the Friendly Societies in the colony. Mr. Parr explained that the reason Wellington-square was selected was because it would afford the residents on both sides of the Torrens an opportunity of, seeing the pro cession; and as to the price of the tickets, he said that as there would be nearly 250 free tickets they were obliged to make the price charged cover all the expenses; and as to Wel lington-square, the Committee were willing care fully to consider any suggestions as to a change of starting-place. It was stated, in reply, that the Government could very fairly have been called upon to pay them, as the work the men had been employed on had been for the colony at large, and that there was no reason why those who attended the banquet should have been either compelled to pay for their entertainment or remain outside. Ultimately a motion was carried that a meeting be called of the members of the Societies; and a Committee having been appointed to arrange details, votes of thanks to Mr. Parr and the Chairman closed the proceedings. North Adelaide Quoit Club. —A very pleasant gathering took place ou Saturday, November 9, at the Scotch Thistle Inn, North Adelaide, for the purpose of starting a Quoit Club. A large number met in the afternoon, and commenced play about half-past 3, and continued until dark. Some of the throwing was very good and much enjoyed by the spec tators present. After the game, Mr. Inglis, of the Scotch Thistle, kindly invited the players and friends to partake of a little refreshment, which invitation was most heartily responded to, and full justacejwas done to the good things provided. The cloth having been removed, toasts appropriate to the occasion were given and responded to. The meeting was much enlivened by some good songs, given by the gentlemen present. Fifteen joined the new Club, and decided to call it the North Adelaide Quoit Club.. The meeting was then adjourned to * date fixed, with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, , Pbtjtcb of Walk's Birthday.— 'H.R.H.- the most, higb^most puifcaat, and .most illus trious Prince Albt!rt-Edwa«f,.P/mce of Wales, Duke of Saxony, -Duke of Cornwall and Roth- ?? say, Earl of .Chester. Carrick, anl Dublin, Baron of Renfrew, ana Lord of the 'Isles, Great Steward of Scotland, K.G., K.P., K.T., ? G.C.B., Knight Grand Commander of the Star of India, Kinght of the Elephant of Denmark, Knight of the Golden Fleece, General in the Army, Colonel-in-Chief of the Rifla Brigade, Colonel of the; 10th. Hussars, .Captain-General and Colonel of the Hon. Artillery Company, Barrister-at-Law, and a Bencher of the Middle ? Temple^ President of the Society of Arts, D.C.L. Oxford, LL.D. Cambridge, LL. D. Trinity College, Dublin, &c;, &c;,' completed the. 31st year of his age on Saturday, November 9. . The event will be commemorated, to-day by a public holiday. The following amusements are adver tised:— Athletic sports at Gawler, at which Bird has been engaged to run; picnic in Torrens Park, Mitcham; Foresters' gala in the Exhibi tion Grounds in aid of the Benevolent Fund, with a ball in the evening; ball at the Town Hall to inaugurate the , Benevolent Fund of the South Australian Benefit Society, under the patronage of His Worship the Mayor; cricket match in connection with the inauguration of the South Australian Cricket Association between eleven South Australians and eleven Britons at St. Peter's College Grounds; bazaar in the .Tem perance Hall, North Adelaide, in aid of the Harmonium Fund; United Boot Factory's pic nic. A very attractive programme has also been announced by the management of the Royal, the occasion being Miss Anna Forde's farewel benefit. The bill will consist of 'Don Giovanni,' ' Barney Bourke,' and 'The Eton Boy.' Theatre Royal.— The 'Vicissitudes of a Servant-Girl,' though of a peculiarly sensational character, did not draw a large house on Satur day night. Probably the damp weather may be blamed for keeping away many who would other wise have enjoyed witnessing the thrilling epi sodes in Susan Hopley's career. The play is of a very ordinary Saturday night cast, having the requisite amount of bloodshed, attempted assaults, opportune rescues, heroic resolutions, tragic accusations, and comic contingencies, to bi ing down the gods and call up the pit. Susan Hopley is an average specimen of the stage high class domestic, who instead of sweeping up and dusting round, as she ought to do, launches into rhapsodies, which say more for her knowledge of the dictionary and six-syllable word-combinations than of kitchen duties. On one occasion she falls asleep and dreams of the murder of her master, the butchery of her brother (whose hapless carcase is afterwards stowed away in a conve nient recess behind the wainscot), and the abstraction of a will, for the possession of which the crime was perpetrated. She indulges plenteously in the feminine exercise of shrieking, and injudiciously rouses up everybody who ought to be asleep. There ensues the inevitable stage ' rumpus,' every other man considerately tears his own hair, and vows vengeance on some body else. The upshot of all is that Susan's brother is suspected of the murder, which turns out to be an actual fact. In one of the next scenes the heroine is represented as kneeling in a graveyard, there indiscreetly telling her lover and the world at large that she has £15 in her pocket, a revelation whick as a matter of course induces two truculent scoundrels, who now come upon the stage, to evince a violent inclination to get the £15 into their own pockets with the addition of a kiss. Susan's lover, who has a convenient faculty for turning up and knocking people down whenever the lady is in distress, and he is wanted, comes ovorthe stile, and gets very much the better of the ruffians. True love between these sweethearts now ' runs rough' on account of Susan's high sense of honour and refusal to marry until her brother's name is cleared of the murder taint. The assassins who did the deed and stole the will turn up at the scene of their crime in gorgeous uniform, and exhibits an ardent desire for more blood, especially Susan's. After a good deal of general tragedy ?? business these two rascals are unmasked. Susan's brother's body is let out from behind the wainscot where he bad been biding his time, the will is found, the villains punished, and Susan's vissitudes end. The fact of there being so small a house probably had a dispiriting effect upon the actors; but on the whole the piece passed off pretty fairly, and the principal performers — Miss Carey, as Susan Hopley, Mr. Greville (who was intensely amusing as Dicky Dean) an amorous costermonger, and Mr. Appleton, as Wm. Dean, Susan's lover, were called before the curtain and loudly applauded. The comedy of 'Checkmate' followed, and created roars of laughter. [From Saturday's Evening' Journal] Copper. — Rumours have been prevalent to day that private telegrams had been received quoting copper at £102 ; but we cannot confirm the intelligence, nor can we ascertain that it has been received. Scott's Gold Mine.— We hear that Mr. McKeggie, an experienced gold miner from Sandhurst, has been engaged by the Directors of Scott's Mine to act as Manager and superintend the operations there. Cricketing Association.— An advertisement elsewhere invites gentlemen who are willing to play in a match— Married v. Single— en Novem ber 15 to communicate with the Secretary. As already announced, a match — British v. Colonial — will be played at St. Peter's College Grounds this day. The follow ing are the teams: — British — Rich. K. Bevan, T. Burgan, J. Chittleborough, John A. Fergusson, J. E. Gooden, A. R, Lungley, S. Morcom, James Scandrett, F. J. Townsend, H. H. Walters, R. J. E. Warburton. Colonial— G. Aldridge, Fred. Ayers, T. Cole, G. N. Davenport, A. L. Giles, G. D. Green, Chas. Hart, Percy Horn, A. R. Malcolm, E. G. Millard, C. D. Perkins. Mr. A. E. Bird Again.— On Wednesday last Mr. A. E. Bird performed the feat of running from Adelaide to Gawler. He started from the metropolis at half-past 9, arriving here at 25 minutes past 1. He had a rest of about half an hour at Salisbury, and a quarter of an hour at Smithfield, thus doing the distance in about three hours and a quarter. It was a very hot day, and by the time he arrived at the Gawler Arms, it was evident he had worked very hard. —Gawler Times. - Colonial Iron.— Many have been the con jectures during the past week or two as to what the large furnace at Messrs. James Martin and Co.'s new factory was erected for, and con siderable surprise was expressed at the immense pile of charcoal being got together at the same place. Within the last few days, however, it became pretty generally known that Mr. Martin was about to commence the smelting of iron. On Tuesday last he made his first experiment in one of the small furnaces, which he considered very successful. This morning he smelted the iron over again, casting some siares, wheels, and fancy work out of it. Persons who have seen the article, and who are judges of such things, pronounce the sample as first-class.— Gmdej' Tines. Overland Telegraph Celebration. — In reference to the complaints that have been made of the high price charged for tickets to the banquet next Friday, we have been requested to point out that the Committee have very heavy expenses to meet. There will be upwards of 200 guests, as every member of the construc tion party within reach will be invited, and, of course, this adds much to the cost of the whole affair. Another item of expense also has been incurred, which will surely commend itself to general approval. It has been decided to issue to each member of the construction party a lady's ticket for the gallery, and for the ladies so accommodated some refreshment will, pf course, have to be pro vided. It is, of course, always impossible to please everybody; but we trust that any minor differences of opinion as to the mode of carrying out the arrangements will be merged in a general determination to make the demonstra tion a complete success. Goats.— A large flock of goats to the number of 1,300 (says the Bunyip) passed through Gawler on Monday to the no small amusement of the young folk. The creatures were at first supposed by some of the spectators to be a novel species of sheep. They were bred on the Western Plains, where are some 15,000 of them, and were on their way to the Adelaide Boiling down Works, having been six weeks on the journey. [We are requested to state that these animals are not on their way to the premises of of the Adelaide Meat- PreserviDg Company.] .' 