The Stroyteller. ROMANCE IN AUSTRALIA. MB. LUDLOW'S STORY— (Continued). BY THE AUTHOR OF "LIFE'S VICISSITUDES," "KATE DONLAVY," &c.; I wISHED to avoid entering the common traveller's room, which Mrs. Hogg informed me would be filled with very promicuous company so I requsted to have my coffee sent up to my bed-room. When alone, I got up, and paced up snd down the chamber, till my landlady's return. She brought the tray herself, and a great exertion it must have been for her, con sidering her immense bulk, and also that she had mounted three pair of stairs with her burden. Of cousjse I could do no less than beg her to be seated. She sat down; and while I despatched my breakfast, she commenced what she intended for a long conversation. Mrs. Hogg began by stating an evident fact, namely, that I was extremely young—of oourse I was, tot I had not yet completed my seventeenth year. She then asked me a number of questions, whioh I parried as ably as I could; hut Mis. Hogg was not to be so satisfied, and she re turned to the attaok with suoh persevering energy, that in several instances I had to sur render. " I know all about it, young- gentleman," she exolaimed, at last,—"I know all about it. Didn't I suspect you from the first ? You've run awaysfrom your mother, that you have, and broken*her poor heart! and you know it!" " Bun away from my mother I" I repeated. *• No indeed; I have no mother to run away from—ah if I had " I oould not finish my sentence. The fat lady here became suddenly convinced of my inno cence, wiped away some tears with her black ■tuff apron, and finally talked me into telling her everything. I never could resist the voice of sympathy. She listened with great interest, aad wept as she listened, till I began to think her homely red face looked quite pleasant and motherly, and I felt quite grateful for the into- Test she expressed in my fate. Mrs. Hogg de clared, in the fullness of her heart, that I *' ahould stay, free of all oharge, at the ' Anchor aad Cable,' till I got a ship, if it was weeks, and * should be welcome to bed and board, for she was quite snre that I had been very ill treated." I was too unsophisticated to weigh what might be the actual valne of so hnmble a friend, aad felt my heart lightened of a great load in listening to suoh unaconstomed offers of service. I forgot the red face and bulky form, but thanked their owner most warmly for her kind ness, though I told her I had the means of pay. ing my way for at least a short time to come. After breakfast I sallied forth to reconnoitre, ■aw a great deal whioh interested me from its novelty, and gazed with thrilling admiration st the men-of-war. My aim was to enter the navy, but I made many fruitless attempts at finding B berth, and several times ran the risk of being detected for a runaway, and sent baok forcibly to sohool by disciplinarians, or to my family by Well-meaning people, whose confidence I oould not hope to win, without making known to them more of my circumstances and position than I chose to reveal. I had now spent five months at the " Anchor and Cable." My money was exhausted, for of oourse I had not taken advantage of my land* lady's kindness, but had insisted on paying my expenses as long as sny purse was not quite empty. For the last three weeks' board and lodging I wss her debtor, and I perceived, or fsneied I perceived, that she cooled in her at* tentions, like many kind-hearted people, who. in moment of excited feeling make (in perfect sincerity) offers, of whioh prudence and reflec tion perhaps teach them afterwards to repent. I was still without employment, and spent my last shilling, nor did I know anyone to whom I could apply for assistance except Morton, and his late generosity rendered it impossible to tax him further. Sometimes I thought I would en* deavor to enter on board one of the small traders in the port. One day, while I waa re volving this last idea, with my head bent down on my hands, a young sailor entered the coffee room, to whioh I had repaired for the purpoae of looking over the papers, as I had some idea that I might be advertised for by my friends. The new comer was coarsely though neatly clad; but hia open, manly brow, his joyous sparkling eyes, and bis candid air struck me immediately, and prepossessed me in his favor. He looked about nineteen years old, very handsome in features, tall, and finely shaped, while his ap pearance denoted that he had for some time been a son of the ocean. He looked carelessly round, aad without notioing me, oalled for some re freshment, smiling all the time aa if he wen enjoying the most pleasant thoughts in the world. At last he began hnmming to himself in a voioe which I well recognised, though I had only heard it once, and that months before— A life on tbe boundless, boundless sea' Ob that Is tbe life of aU Uvea for me 1 I started, and for a minute the sailor looked attentively at me. Then turning round to the chimney-piece, he took out a printed bill from his pocket, and proceeded to fasten it up over the mantel-shelf, still singing merrily in that joyous voice. The purport of the paper was that " a number of hands were wanted on board the Swallow, bound for Trieste." When the young man had fixed the bill, he looked at me again in a way whioh I inter* preted to mean, " Shouldn't you like a berth P" Bo feeling all the time aa if he had said it in so many words, I walked up to bim and answered, ** Yes, I should." He laughed, but seemed pleased at my so readily understanding his speak* ing face—a speaking one truly, for I had never Seen one more expressive. *We soon beoame well acquainted, and indeed friends. His name waa Tom Wakefield. He carried me with him on board his ship; I entered under bis auspices, and we soon beoame close allies and confidants. Thia was the aecond grand friendship I had formed, and though Tom waa rough and blunt, and the very reverse of the sensitive, refined Morton, I beoame nearly aa muoh attached to him. He was tolerably well educated, had no coarseness or vulgarity, and being the son of respeotable parents bad been well brought up. He had e> fjbne to sea in a moment of reckless folly, be .cause the girl who had been his boyhood's first .dream, love, and hope, had jilted him for a per ••famed dandy with a smoother address. How "*pur, he bad succeeded wonderfully in recover ing his spirits, aud was as ready to trust again as if he had never been deceived. I must not neglect to tell you that I had, before leaving port, written a submissive letter my father, accounting to him for my abrupt flight from school, and briefly explaining the various motives whioh had led to my forming the resolution of trying my fortune oSßthe sea. Several letters had passed between Morton and me, long, closely-written letters, as if from the pens of sentimental school-girls, in which I really believe .each one revealed to the other the most secret feelings of his soul. Such early friendships, trusting, warm, enthusiastic friend ships, the world laughs at; but they are sweet realities, and after-life can show nothing like it, absolutely nothing. I will not inflict on you the recital of my nautical adventures; they were, however, varied and exciting. After an absence of several years I returned to England, in the capacity of mate of an India man; not a very distinguished post for the son of a wealthy English commner, but suoh as it wss I had gained it by my own merit, and valued tbe position accordingly. That which we have earned nnaided by others has always a certain value in our eyes. During my absence I had heard two or three timea from my father. He did not reproach me, as he might very justly have done, for my wil fulness, but he seemed to have oome to the con clusion that the love of low company, and a dis like of wholesome restraint, had made me volun tarily withdraw from a position in sooiety whioh I waa by no meana calculated to adorn, and to seek one more congenial to my vitiated taste. I felt so offended at the supposition that, though I wrote respectfully to him, I rejected all offers of assistance, and declined hia interference in my behalf to obtain what he called a " gentle man's position" in the navy. After that my father left me to my own oourse, only giving me to understand that I must henceforth cease to consider myself the heir of Collerton Hall, the estate not being entailed, and that Charles, having more the feelings and habits of a gentleman than myself, was better qualified in every respect to represent the family. I had always thought so lightly of my heir* ship that the loss of it did not greatly disquiet me, and though I felt the injustice of the pro ceeding which deprived me of a fortune whioh I had some right to expect, yet I am happy to say I had no angry feeling on the subjeot. With dear Helena and Morton I had kept up a regu lar correspondence—at least, its regularity was never interrupted by any cause which we could control. Those two kind-hearted beings recon ciled me to humanity ; otherwise I imight have grown misanthropic. I did not reach the shores of England again till I had completed my twenty-fourth year, having been absent seven yeap, and having spent but a few months at widely parted inter vals on shore. My friend Tom, by steadiness and good conduct, had progressed so rapidly that he was now in oommand of a fine veseel trading to the West Indies. To him Iwu in* debted for all I knew of nautical matters, and for a thousand little kind offices whioh could not well be described, yet oan never be forgotten. We are still, I am glad to say, enjoying tbe pleasures of an uninterrupted friendship' Wakefield hsd retired on a comfortable fortune, he is tbe husband of a sweet, amiable woman, and the father of three promising youths, as well as a fair daughter. But to return to my story. On arriving in England, almost forgetful of past painful ooourrenoes, my first natural im pulse waa to steer for home. Nothing seemed to damp the pleasure with which I hastened to tbe scenes of my childhood. I arrived at Collerton moat unexpectedly, having given no warning of my approaching visit. The last few miles of my journey I performed on foot. I had nearly reached the gates of my father's grounds, and was just cutting through a little wood whioh bordered on it, when I heard my name pro* nounoed. It waa by the voioe of my beloved Helena. I paused, and heard her describing me to some companion, and her partial descrip tion represented me ss endowed with good looks, talents, and accomplishments, to whioh I hsd not the slightest pretension; and virtues in whioh I knew myself to be lamentably deficient. Little as I merited Helena's praises, I listened to them with delight, as evidences of her ex treme partiality. From eulogising me, she pro ceeded to detail the unhappy quarrel with my brother, which had led to my expulsion from home, and subsequent misfortunes, and was evi dently doing her utmost to impress her hearer with the certainty of my innocence. I had the satisfaction of hearing that her efforts had been successful, her oompanion uttering her belief that the affair had been wholly accidental; and whoever she was, "her voioe was one whoee musical tones lingered with me long after she had oeased speaking. I advanoed, bnt before I waa myself observed I had leisure to observe the two friends. Al though seven years hsd matured Helena's form, and wonderfully improved her, still I readily recognised her. But her oompanion, how shall I describe her ? She had more than earthly beauty. She looked like "a young seraph newly descended from the regions of glory," with heaven's radianoe still lingering round her. I had never wasted my feelings in thoee epheme ral attachments which spring up in the soil of a young heart, like the flower whose life is a single day; and new, on the instant, at the first sight of Agnes Cheveley I was desperately, madly in love! I was gazing at her so intently tbat instead of advancing to meet my sister I stood quite still, and had not the fair vision called Helena's attention to me, I should still have stood too spell- bound and enraptured to move. The moment Helena waa aware of my presence the affectionate girl flew towards me, lavishing on me the tenderest caresses, while her friend instantly retreated. "Who is sheP" I asked, with trembling eagerness, indicating tie object of my enquiries more by the direction which my eyes involuntarily took than by any otber token. " She is—but it is so long a story, dearest Henry,' so very long," said Helena, "hut I will tell you presently ; only now I am so bewildered with the joy of seeing you that I oannot talk of other things. Tell me all about yourself—your dear self." M No, no, dear Helena, I cannot tell you now —you must tell me of her; I most know di rectly," said I, with a degree of vehemence which startled my sister. " Well, then, I suppose I must give in," said Helena, smiling, " since you must be satisfied ; but come, Henry, we are olose to home. I hope your travels have not made you forget the old path, and the summer-house, where you and I so often used to sit togother when you were " She would have added, " when you were un happy, and I soothed you into composure by my tenderness;" but she stopped short, and clasped the arm which supported her, as she led me on the well-remembered path to the green bower, round which the June roses were twining in all their glowing beauty. " Yes, we used to sit here many an hour," said Helena, her soft eyes humid with the recollection, while sbe gently drew me to the rustic benoh beside her, and clasped her arms around my neck. *■ But you promised to tell me, Helena," I began immediately. " I will keep my promise," said Helena; " hut npon my word your eagerness is so extra ordinary that, did I believe in love at first sight, I^should certainly think my fair friend had cap* tivated you." "Then you don't believe in love at firat sight, Helena P" " No, indeed I don't, Henry," said she, quite gravely. •• You speak as if you had had some experi ence in these matters, my 'dear sister," said I, I smiling. " No, indeed, Henry," she replied, with an air I of oharming ingenuousness. " I have never had any experience in love, real or imaginary. I have never lost my heart, nor do I ever expect to win one; but lam more inclined to believe in affection founded on sympathy and esteeffi after a long acquaintance, than a sndden, meteor like psssion which—-—" " But you promised to tell me, Helena," I in terrupted. "Ay, that's tbe theme!" quoted Helena. "For your satisfaction, then, Agnes is the ! daughter of Colonel Cheveley, whom I men* tioned to you in one of my numerous lettera. The colonel bought Extowsly Park, which of course you remember well, three years ago. From being near neighbors, we became intimate. Agnes is about nry age; she is very beautiful, as you must have already observed; is sensible, accomplished, and really, without exaggerating her praises, she is as good as she is lovely; but, Henry, she is " here Helena's voice faltered, and her eye lost the glow which had lit it while eulogising Agnes. " She is to be married to " " To whom ?" I aaked, with great emotion. "To Charles!" replied Helena, in alow voice. " Does she love him ? Is it by her own con sent P" I enquired, abruptly, and already feeling a prey to the most torturing jealousy. "That question I cannot answer," replied Helena. " While perfectly open and confiden tial on every other subject, tbis one Agnes stu diously avoids." " But you must have formed your own con clusions, Helena 1" " Indeed I have not," she answered, with all the accents of truth. "Sometimes I have i doubted whether Agnes were really •attached to [ him i but then again I have thought my doubts , unfounded. I don't know what to think. But oome now—pray come and ace poor papa j be is a gnat invalid. You will find him much changed." I suffered Helena to guide me-Ho the house, but lam sure I did not see a step of my way. Suddenly Agnes Cheveley crossed our path, hot wu instantly gone. " Doee she live here V I asked, unconsciously. " She is on a visit to me," replied Helens. "About this time daily she walks oak with Charlie." I was indescribably wretched, and tortured myself by picturing the pair taking a lover's walk in the green wood's shade, perchance, and breathing to eaoh other a thousand tender thinge which I might never hear addressed to me. I saw my father, who reoeived me with great kind* ness, but without any particular aaanifeetation of pleasure, His wife (whose ideas were very contracted) was civil from a sense of dnty, bnt could scarcely ooneeal her unabated dialike to me. Charles was out, and the other membera of the family (something in the style of the Os baldistons in " Bob Boy ") met my advsnees with uncouth mirth. At dinner the lovers joined us. I could not withdraw my charmed gase from the lovely oountonanee of Agnes Cheveley. Charles received me as if forgetful of our early quarrels and estrangements, tyat I could not help feeling that be ostentatiously paraded the consciousness of his heirship, and yet more his engagement. He invariably sat beside his betrothed, snd-affected to converse with her in an undertone. Ones in the eourss of the evening he took her hand and raised it to his lips. I had a secret satisfaction in observ ing that she withdrew it blushing, and in evi dent displeasure. I intently watched her ever varying oountonanee, but still I could not deter mine satisfactorily whether she were attached to Charles or not, I had arrived at Collet-ton with the intention of only spending a week or fortnight there, bat insensibly I lingered on day after day, very wretched, but yet feeling it an utter impossibility to leave Agnes. She appeared on our first acquaintance to regard me with great interest, but afterwards avoided me ss much as possible. I could not tell how otherwise to aooount for her conduct than by supposing that Charles hsd poisoned her mind against me. I had been three months at Collerton, actually three months, meeting with civility, if not affectum, from sll ite inmates. Charles was too happy and trium phant to renew hostilities, and he'evidently re garded me aa a mean spirited wnteh who had not energy to defend his rights, or even to writhe under injustice or oppression. He little knew how insignificant in my eyes wss the lose of the advantages of wbieh he bsd deprived me. I was just beginning to reason myself into a desperate resolution of tearing myself from the dadfeerous fascination of Agnes, when all my logic waa overthrown. " Henry, Henry! I have something particular to tell you," exclaimed Helena, one day, as she burst into the sombre library in which I wss sitting, occupied with the moet melancholy musings. As she spoke, Helena looked round, to convince herself that !we were alone; she then carefully closed the doors and windows, and sitting down beside me, lowered her voice to an almost whisper, and breathed in my ear, " Henry, Agnes does not love Charlie!" I started from my^chair, and repeated her words again and again, aloud. " Oh, hush! pray hush!" cried Helena, snatching at my arm. " You 'don't know tha mischief you will do to me, to her, to all of us, if you are so imprudent." It was a difficult task to oommand my feelings, but I struggled hard to do so, and to listen calmly to my sister, though I soon felt a degree of shame and remorse to find myself rejoicing at the discomfiture of a brother. "Now if you will only be quiet and rational, I will toll you everything," said Helena t "but you must^not make exclamations." " Let us .go into the garden," I suggested. " No, indeed," she answered," there we should be overheard." " Hero then, Helena," said I; " bat don't torture me. You know, you must know, all I feel, though I hsve been silent." "I do indeed, dear Henry," she replied; " but remember the past, and be more prudent. You want to know how I have made tbis dis covery ? Well then, listen; bnt no interjec tions, if you please; none "of your favorite • Ohs' and ' Ahs.' I went into Agnes' room yesterday, and found her drawing a head, which Charles had teased her into *-*s"-M';'Tf loaf aga, ' and which was originally meant for him. I j wanted to see what progress she had made, and so crept in on tiptoe, looked over her shoulder, and saw, not the original design completed, nor any trace of a likeness to her lover, as one might have expected, but your head; and, to crown all, your name at the bottom!" " And is this all, Helena," I asked. " No, not quite," she replied ; " when Agnes saw me looking over her, she grew quito red, and then equally white, and bursting into tears, ex claimed, * Helena!—dear Helena, don't betray me!' Of course I promised I would not j and then, the ice being broken, I got everything out of her." M What more ?" I aaked in an agony of expec tation and excitement. " What more, dear Helena?" " Why, she told me that when Charlie made his offer, her father desired her to accept him, and though she felt no preference for him, she yielded to the wishes of a parent whoee will ahe had never yet ventured to contradict even in a trifle, comforting herself with the reflection that, though she did not love Charlie, she was free from every other attachment, and she hoped in time that sbe would be enabled to re turn his affection, which she believed to be as sincere as ardent. She said she had hoped so all along, till she saw you, and then everything became changed; and she says now, Henry—bnt I had bettor not tell you any more!" "Yea, yes, you must—you shall. Helena." I vociferated. " She says she would rather be your wife in poverty than that of Charlie as the heir of Col lerton." " But yon must bave aaked her the question, Helena. She never said so of herself." "Of course," said Helena, quickly, "I coaxed it out of her, a little at a time, and then she entreated me co earnestly to keep her secret; of oourse I promised." " And broke your word, Helena!" aaid L " No, I don't think ao," aaid Helena. "I have only told you, dear Henry; and how could I begin to keep secrete from you, whan I never kept one from you in my life P Besides, it makes you happy." "And there your conversation endedP" I asked. " No, not quite," said Helena, and a shadow dimmed her eyes as she proceeded. "Agnes acknowledged that she thought you loved her too; but she added, abe was quite sure jou were far too honorable to wrong your brother or try to make her forget her duty, and she hoped— though she sighed sadly while she ssid it—she hoped you would feel it right to go soon." " Yes, yes," said J, bitterly. " Agnes is right. I will go away immediately; I will not see her again." I burst from Helena, who endeavored to re tain me, and hurried out, I knew not whither, only 1 waa fully resolved to do ss I bad said — to leave Collerton that very day. But our re solves are weak where love rules supreme. Ac cident or fate threw Agnes in my way, while my feelings were tumultooualy agitated by Helena's information. As soon as she saw me she turned and was hastening away. I forgot, en the instant, all my high resolves of honor and duty, pursued her, and compelled her to listen to my passionate avowal; bat- no sooner had I done so than her tears aad dejeotion recalled me to my senses, and made me feel tissvaaseness of my attempting to supplant my brother. I felt indeed too guilty and wretched to exult even in the assured possession of the heart I had so earnestly coveted. She, dear angel, said all she could to comfort and reconcile me to myself, aad with all a woman's tenderness took the Name of all that had befallen ns entirely upon herself.. After an hour's agitating conversation we mutually resolved to part for ever—and yet we loved each other with the moet intense affec tion. I cannot dwell apon the agony of that parting; it was prophetic of another. The same evening I rashed away, bidding my father aad Helena a hasty farewelL Ere long I was again on the broad ocean, striving hard to drown the recollection of the past by assiduous attention to the duties of my profession; bnt I could not forget, perhaps secretly I did not wish to do so. Helena wrote to me as usual • I received her letter aa often as my wandering life permitted. She was kind, loving, snd tender, but not wise. Her letters were full of* Agnes, describing minutely her words, har looks, her tender regrets for me, her solicitude for my happiness, her fruitless straggle to conform to what she believed to be her duty. Sbe was now at home with her father; her mother had been long dead. She had no inti mate friend but my sister, and with all her tenderness, a more unwise one she could not have found. Well I know that, instead of trying to assist the resolution of Agnes, Helena assidu ously strove to render me the successful rival of Charles. She talked to Agnes .of no one but the absent Henry. She spent weeks, and even months, with her friend, and during sll that time Helena could find no other subject of dis course than her favorite brother. In truth, she hoped against hope, that the match with Charles would be broken off, and that I should profit by his disappointaaent. But I encouraged no such hopes. Two more years passsd on, and once more I returned to my native country, having had for. sometime a command similar to that of my friend Tom. On landing I fonnd a letter from Helena lying at the post-office, where it hsd been six weeks. -Outside the envelope was written, "Don't lose a mi-tute." I tore the letter open in agitated haste. Helena told me rather in coherently that Charles and Agnes were to be married on the 20th of Msy, that Colonel Cheveley's failing health induced him to second the lover's wish that the marriage should take place without any losa of time, and that the mutual friends were all of the same way of thinking. She added that the wedding prepa rations were going on, and that from a mistaken sense of duty to her father and to Charles, Agnes made no resistance. My sister wound up her hasty letter with these words, " Dear Agnes is unspeakably wretched, but she will not save her. self from marriage with a man whom she can not love, and I am much mistaken if she sur vives the wedding many weeks. Dear Henry, snatch her, whether she will'or not, snatch her from this fate. Charlie is unchanged; he is sti'l, I am sorry to say, the same violent and solfish character he ever was, though he re strains himself in the presence of Agnes. If she becomes his wife, and he afterwards dis covers that she only gave him her hand, while her heart was yours, the consequences will be fearful. Charlie could better bear to lose her now, and she could better endure present agita tion than a life of constant self- reproach. lam staying at Colonel Cheveley's with Agnes. Come and see her at once, and make her re nounce her unnatural union. I shall induce her to walk duly in the grounds. We shall meet yoa when she least expects it. I speak more for her happiness than yours. Man may be consoled for the loss of a beloved object, but woman never can, if she haa truly loved! Come, Henry, if you value the life and happiness of Agnts!" •** I dashed the letter to the ground frantically, as I exclaimed, "Too late! too late!" It was the 20th of May—the wedding day. I knew not what I was doing. I believe I was mad. I posted off for Collerton. I knew, or thooght I knew, that it was useless, that all was over, that I should find Agnes my brother's wife. I arrived on the evening of the 21st, weary and wretched as man could be. On reaching the village contiguous to Colonel Cheveley's estate I asked the first rustic I met if there had been a wedding. " Yes, zur," aaid he deliberately, and with a laugh. I was provoked with him unreasonably, for how should he know that the question to me was one of life or death. •> " Whoae wedding?" I aaked, gasping. "Why, ths young lady's up at the great house," he replied. I conld ssk no more. The dsy-star of my life was set in darkness. I was just going to tell the man who drove me to turn the horses' heads, when, misunderstanding my wishes, he turned the corner of a lane hastily, and before I could speak two ladies approached. Instinct more than sight told me it was Agnes and Helena. A cold shiver ran over my frame, and I shut my eyes. I oould not see Agnes as my brother's wife. But Helena had recognised me. She hastened to meet me, while Agnes stood leaning against the trunk of a tree for support. "You are oome!" cried Helena, eagerly. " Thank heaven, dear Henry, you are come, and not too late!" "Not too late!" I repeated wildly, darting from the carriage in an ag°°7 of joyful doubt " No, no!" cried Helena; w hut come, hasten, not a minute is to be lost. The wedding has been deferred, but only till to-morrow. Oh, Henry, if you had come twelve hours later!" I was maddened at the thoughts her words suggested. I rushed to Agnes, caught her in my arms, and before she oould expostulate or resist, placed her in the carriage. Helena fol lowed, and I eailed to the coachmen to drive aa if for life or death. He obeyed my orders, and having a vigorous pair of horses, dashed off furiously. Only then I began to think what I had done, and yet it was unpremeditated on my part; atill more so on that of poor Agnes, who was lying passive and insensible in my arms. By slow degrees ehe returned to consciousness, aa elopement was the last thing in the world to wbieh Agnes would have consented; her sense of duty to her father was so strong, ber love for him ao fond (ttibugh he had too often proved a stern parent), her womanly delicacy so exquisite, that she would rather have borne any fate than have resorted to flight to secure herself from U. But when the thing wss done, and past result, Agneo bore -with me heroically, never uttered one reproach or complaint, but rather strove to soothe my sgitated feelings than to pain me by repining. Helena's presence wss a source of great com fort to her, and ia some measure reconciled poor Agnes to her painful position. Delay in such a ease was out of the question; so the moment we reached London I obtained a licence, and we were married. The same dsy I wrote a very submissive letter to my father, detailing what had occurred, and intreating him to intercede for my brother's forgiveness. I even ventured to addrets Charles, though I did so with a deep aense of the wrong I had done him. I did not eeek to palliate my conduct, but while throwing myself on his generosity for forgiveness, I acknowledged that I never could feel justified, nor taste of joy without the bitter alley of remorse. I awaited a reply in painful suspense. Not even the society of my dearest Agnes could console me, though I loved her so fondly, for, by my own passionate attachment, I measured that of Charles, and writhed under what he must suffer at having had his bride thus torn from him, on the very eve of what he fondly imagined the commencement of a life of felicity spent with ber. I received a letter from (not my father—he would not have written with sufficient energy) my step-mother, who wrote as only a woman could write under aueh dream* stances, and act my conduct in ao odious a light that I really abhorred myself, when I read her stern, indignant appeal against the injury I had inflicted on her son and my brother. She con cluded by telling me that my father desired to bave no further communication with a son who had in every possible way disgraced himself and his family. With regard to Helena, who bad aided me in my unwarrantable conduct, she might remain in the society she had chosen. My father would allow her one hundred a year, but that was the utmoet ahe was to expect from hia generosity. As misfortunes never come singly, poor Agnes about the same time received a letter from her father, which almost equalled in severity that whioh my step-mother had addressed to me. Colonel Cheverley wrote sternly ss he felt, east of his daughter for ever, and wound up with so evil a prophecy of her future destiny, thai it might almost) be interpreted as a malediction. Agnes felt his harshness most acutely, but her tenderness for me, and her solicitude to dear the melancholy clouds from my brow, made her affect a cheerfulness shejdid not feel, so that she appeared to bear op under the pressure of calamity ,better*lhan.l did. Scarcely, however, had we digested these lugubrious epistles, than a fresh incident arose to harass our feelings. I was sitting alone with Agnes one evening in the twilight, her hand clasped in mine, when the door suddenly opened, and Charles stood before us. He was frightfully pale, hia eyes seemed aa if they were on fire, his t*eth were clenched, and altogether he looked so terrible that {Agnes clung to me for support aa well as protection. He walked straight up to her, and [asked, in a voioe rendered harsh and broken by passion, " Waa this vile treachery devised with your connivance, Agnes, or were you decoyed into a snare P Speak! speak P" • " It was all my own doing," murmured Agnes, still olosely clinging to me, for Charles had rudely seized her wrist as he spoke. Notwithstanding the provosation he had re ceived, I was roused to indignation, and laid my hand on his arm to disengage Agnes from his rough grasp. He dropped his hold, and sprang on me like a fierce panther on its prey; his eyes glared fearfully, and onoe more he stood before > me as the .ruffian boy struggling as if to crush me. Agnes screamed with terror. Helena rushed in. I had made no effort to defend my self against my brother—l had been taken un awares, and besides, I knew I was the worse culprit. I could not assail him, but I succeeded at last in freeing myself from him, and stood panting for breath. He, too, stood a moment aa if to recover himself, then concentrating aU his passion in a single glance, he again advanced to me, holding his clenched hand in my faoe, and muttered between his teeth, "In boyhood you attempted my life, now you have taken from me more than life; but a day of reckoning will come! I go, that I may not spill your blood. In your hour of deepest misery, think of me as you have this day seen me!" Then, casting a look of mingled tenderness and fury on Agnes, he rushed from the room. Agnes was so sgitsted and shaken by the that I immediately resolved to change our lodgings, and leave no trace behind us of onr new locality. My plan was no sooner adopted than executed. We removed to one of the suburbs of London, in which a few traces of the country still lingered. We engaged a miniature cottage covered with a luxuriant vine, and fur nished with simple elegance. There, after our agitation had in some meaaure subsided, we spent a few months of pure happiness, or what would have been such had it been unolouded by painful remembrances. Of oourse Helena shared our peaceful seclusion. We saw no one but my old friend Morton, who was now a rising man at the bar. He was unchanged in all things —still the same affectionate being, with a rare genius, and a host of generous passions. I had always secretly wished that Helens and be might beoome acquainted and attached to eaoh other, and I had the gratification of seeing my most sanguine hopes accomplished. In three months she beoame the wife of Morton; my father, who knew him by reputation, raising no objec tion when his consent was asked. Their mar riage wae in every respect a happy one, and it was a source of great satisfaction to Agnes and myself. _ About this time I began to think it highly necessary either to return to my old profession or to enter upon a new one. To leave Agnes under any circumstances would be painful, but oar limited means showed me the necessity of exertion. After msny discussions we at last er* rived at this determination—l was to give up the sea ss a calling, and we were to emigrate to Australia; but as I foresaw the thousand diffi culties which would beset my path st the first onset, I resolved to spare my dear Agnes the trial of meeting them. I determined to pro ceed alone to Australia, and after making every possible preparation for her reception and com fort, I was to send for her. Oh, fatal resolu tion ! bat for that she might still have been the crown of my existence. How firmly my beloved wife bore my resolution! how often she entreated to accompany me, asserting her readiness to bear aay hardships cheerfully rather than that we should be separated! Bat I was blind—mad. I would not yield, and applauded myself for my neroism and self-denial! We parted—gracious heaven, it was for ever! I reached Australia safely, prospered in my undertakings, and wrote a letter full of rapturous hopes of our speedy re union, enjoining my dear Agnes to come to me immediately. She obeyed with alacrity. Yon know the rest—she was lost to me—lost through my own blind wilfulness! Was it tbe curse of a broken-hearted brother ? When I heard the news, even in the first.moment of my deepest misery, I called to remembrance my brother's prophetic speech. Yes, in tha moment of my deepest despair I thought of bim, and the thought was torture I Since that fatal period I have been indeed a sorrowful man; the only consolation I knew till you restored Henry to me, or rather gave him for the first time to my embrace, was the re membrance of those bright, brief days of happi ness which I had passed wfth Agnes in our quiet retreat. lam happy to tell you, however, that my despairing misery had the effect of softening my brother's resentment. I was indeed surprised on receiving a letter from him, full of forgiveness and sympathy. He even offered to renounce all claims on oar father's property in my favor; bat what was fortune now to me P— nothing, absolutely nothing! I wrote to him gratefully, opened my whole heart to bim, and we were, for the first time, brothers. We met on my return to England. Oh, how differently to oar last meeting! Locked ia each other's arms we wept aloud. I spent a month with him at Collerton. While I wae there an apoplectic fit carried off my poor old father. In his will I was not even mentioned; all his property, excepting a decent dower for his widow and his other children, devolved npon Charlea. He renewed his offer of resigning all in my favor; then proposed that we should share the property. I negatived both proposals. Wealth would have given me the opportunity of doing good, but it would also have given me that of brooding over my misfortunss—to me it would have been destruction. Besides, I thought that I owed every possible sacrifice to a brother whose earthly happiness had, through my fault, been so untimely wrecked. We parted in brotherley lore, all past foods being either forgotten or forgiven. Charles lis lately married, bat it is a match of his mother's making. His wife is an amiable aad agreeable woman, and she finds him, I be lieve, a very good husband. He is wonderfully softened in temper, but remarkably taciturn; basics himself oo hie estate and in country matters; bat whether he is really happy I bare yet to learn. As soon as the first shock occasioned by the loss of my beloved Agnes had in some degree subsided, I wrote to Colonel Cheveley, not dar ing to approach him personally in his sorrow; but affliction had only hardened the iron of ( which he was tempered, and he replied by a harsh and unforgiving letter. I could not resent anything coming from that bereaved old man, and he the father of my beloved lost one. I went to sea again, taking tbe command of an Indiaman. I could think of no other coarse in active life congenial to my feelings. True, the ocean had been the grave of Agnes, but that very remembrance made it a sad pleasure to me to roam over it. Being once at the Cape, I happened to go ashore. A shipwrecked sailor accosted me; he hsd been wandering about for a long time in search of employment, and now entreated for a berth on board my ship. I talked to bim for some time; his countenance and manner bore evidence of sincerity. I made him come on board with me to relate the.story of his adven tures. He came, and told his tale. He hsd been wrecked tbe preceding year on his voysge to Sydney. I listened with redoubled interest; but imagine how that interest wae heightened ! when he told me the name of his vessel was the Mayflower! Sick at heart, yet trembling with eagerness, I ssked if he knew anything of my wife. He re plied by giving me so accurate a description of her person, thst I could not for a moment doubt his assertions. He told me too that I was a father ; and he then related the particulars of the calamity which had torn my beloved one from me. I oould only listen by exerting the sternest control over my feelings. My poor Agnes, in tbe moment of peril, had come on deck to enquire if there wae aay probability of escape. She was told " Yes," and was urged to enter a boat about to push off. She consented, but her mother-, feeling, mtd e her turn baok to fetehher child; weakness overcame her in the attfapt, and she fell fainting on the deck. A sador, about to save hi. own life, took eompas* •ion on her and lowered he, apparently lifeless form into the boat, unoonscious as he was that she would rather have perished with her infant than abandon him. The tumultuous scene around you must have prevented your observing much that passed in that dismal scene, other wise you must have notioed my poor Agues* hers was a faoe never to be forgotten. The moment tbe man who had tried to rescue her leaped himself into the boat it wat submerged. Agnes, be said, never again woke to a consoiout* ness of earthly suffering. The narrator of the sad story added, when I told him that I was the father of that hapless infant, that the last he saw of it was in the arms of a young lady who stood beside the captain and an old sailor. He was in the last boat that left the ship, and was saved himself in a man* ncr that seemed miraculous. He supposed it possible, though not probable, that those left on board the wreck might have been saved also I With this feeble hope I caused advertisement after advertisement to be put into %c English and Australian papers, if haply some survivors of the Mayflower might exist. At length it met your eye; but the dealings of a graoious Pro vidence seemed likely to bo frustrated by the in* terested conduct of Mr. Freshfleld, who, being a distant relative, and entertaining hopes of a legacy from me on the soore of that relation* ship, had the dishonesty to conceal the dis covery of my son's existonoe, notwithstanding you had revealed it to him. At last another graoious interposition of overruling power gave me my Henry, the only object in life that could the least console me for the loss of his precious mother. me Last year I heard of the death of poor Colonel Cheveley, and learnt with muoh surprise that he had constituted his unknown and offending son-in-law the heir of his property. I value the donation far more as a pledge of reconciliation aad forgiveness than for ite intrinsio value. The property is not considerable, but it is quite suffi* cient to enable me to seoure a handsome inde pendence for my dear boy, and to assist thoee among my friends who may be lets prosperous thaa myself, and who have aufficient magna* Dimity to bear to be obliged. You most have seen very muoh to condemn in what I have frankly related to you of my past life; but you must also have seen that if suffer* ing were expiation, I should long ere this have been comforted by the assurance that " tha re cording angel had blotted out my •ins." I havw> been tried in the hottest furaaoe of affliction, but now, while a gentle melancholy pervades all my feelings and recollections, I enjoy a traa« quility which, if not exactly happiness, is very near allied to it. " Have I tired you, my kind friend P" asked Captain Ludlow, as he finished his story. " No, indeed," I replied, " you have not Bat you have told me nothing of your sister's destiny beyond her marriage with Mr. Morton." "Alas!" ssid Captain Ludlow, with a deep sigh, " she is tbe widowed sister I mentioaed to you before beginning my story. My dear, generous friend Morton has been dead eighteen teonths, leaving poor Helens inconsolable, were it not for the hope of a reunion in that world where those who love may hope to be for ever united. But it is getting late." So saying, Gap* tain Ludlow rose and offered me his arm, evi dently fooling the loss of his earliest aad moat valued friend too recent a sorrow to bear die* cossioa. Captain Ludlow and I returned home. Mamma seemed vexed aod displeased at my having been absent, sad ths evening psaaad gloomily. Mr. Ludlow was in very low spirits, snd rather absent, and I was ve-y muoh like him, being chiefly occupied in musing on my ap proaching separation from ths dear ohild who bad so long been a consoling oompanion to me. The following week I actually sailed for Sydney once more, accompanied (by mamma's express desire) by poor little Marian, wha seemed wall pleaaed not to be separated from me. Leaving my dearest Henry was even a greater trial thaa I had anticipated. The sweet ohild was as maoh affected as myself, and sobbed convulsively, sj his fond father led him away after our farewell. |TO BI CONCLUDED IR OUB IIBXT.] Tn Law or Ltbbl.—Our ordinary law af libel (says the Spectator) haa been weakened aad injured by the growth of a new and great power which has reason, just reason, to dread its ope* ration. The public is not in ths least awaia of the way in which the written law of libel, and more especially the civil law, presses npon journalists, of the absurd rigidity of some of ita provisions, of the impossibility of avoiding offence, of the absolute reliance we are com* polled to place upon the common sense of juries, the fsir feeling of politicians, the reine* tance of tbe legal profession to press arti* | fieial esses. We say gravely that the law, if worked aa it was worked once, would still make journalism impossible, that we doubt if a number of the Times ever comes oat upon some sen* tence of which a libel suit oeuld not be founded, that our own carefully expurgated oolumns occasionally contain material for a dosen suits st onoe. We oan point to a number of the Spectator on whioh eleven suits could ba brought, though there was not only no inten* tion to libel, but no man not specially familiar with the law would dream of imagining that a libel had been published, Moreover, these quasi-libels appear in spite of precautions of which the publio has no oonoep* tion. It hss no idea of the extent to which tha newspapers, sometimes supposed to be the great libellers, act as the preventive officers of libel ling. A majority or people when angry have no notion what a libel means, and fire-off lettera to their favorite papers whioh, if published, would be found to contain as many libels aa sentences, and would very soon render a free Press the oublio nuisance it has always in eon* fined societies a tendenoy to beoome. SrsaKiiia of the ghost stories that have recently appeared in the Bay Standard, tat, Welsh, one of the first Riverine ovsrlandsre, relates his experience of the headless trooper of the Black Swamp. Oil night he was oamped there—a thing whioh in those days hardly any* one would do. His mob of oattle were lying on a bit of rising ground, and about midnight he rode quietly round them to see that all wae safe. On returning to bis camp fire he noticed, oh 1 horror of horrors! something white; it wae moving along, but,although nothing else could be seen, there was a tramp of many feet; suoh a circumstance, in such a plaoe, was enough to make tbe stoutest heart quail—but our friend, though he felt queer, was determined to see what it was; be rode towards it, but it receded as he neared it • however, he kept on tbe track, until at last he camo up with the thing, which turned out to be a white cow, accompanied by another of dark color, whioh oould not be seen in the night until close upon it. The idea of tbe supernatural having been demolished he drove tne stray animals back to the herd, hay* Ing, by his boldness, spoilt a real good ghost story. 