, THIHE.FAMILY G!IOS 1'. '?.?,' o.Wa family ghost is, generally speaks ingso sClfishi in his tastes, tlhat no apartment •n the hodise,but the best chaimber bforsooth, w;ill serve his turn to monopolize; but the spiritiof Martin Oldenfield, the great uncle ofthe-present possessor of Oldenfield Hall, was of a more humble disposition, and con tented himself with choosing a lonely dila pidated garret for his head-quartera; and even of this paltry territory he was not per mitte'd 'o rietain the undisputed occupation, as it was used by M rs Oldenfield for an ap ple chamber;, and so secure were the apples under his, protection, that the.precaution of locking. the door was considered a mere work of supererogation, as not oine of the household would have enitered the haunted precincts of Martin Oldenfield's garret for all the apples that ever grew .on the tree of knowledge, even if Satan himself;had ap peared in his most tempting shape, to re commend them. "'The oral history of MartinOldenfield, far from.containing anything ot the marvellous, was unusually devoid of matter and circum stance He was, it seems, the second son of a former possessor of the house;? and having, on the father's death, calculated that his scantiy pittance of the patrimony would sup. ply.. him with the bare. necessaries:of life; and being of ,too indolent a.temperament to rouse.himself to any exertion, for the im provement of his fortunes, or even totake 'the troiuble of 'providinig another abode, he agreed to pay his eldest brhother a trifling annual rent for the use of this garret, and the housemaid sixpence a week for cleaning it; he broiled his solitary mutton chop, or beefsteak:in his own hands, and rIemained a fituire in :the paternal mansin. . Thus, then, did the bachelor recluse continue to must 'and mold for ?a-period of more than forty years, differing frorn a vege table only in this, that.he ate and spoke, and duly visited the parish church on Sun days, saints' days, fasts, and festivals; and ii'vin'g been remarkable for nothing but the indolence of. his habits, and the queer cut of his clothes, the colour and fashion of w.hich, like the laws of the. Medes and Persians, altered not, he departed this life in the green ltuff, half-tester bed of his garret- hermitage, and w's peacefully inter'ed in an'odd ziche of the family vault, leaving no other token than his. baptismal register,'and the entry of his burial in the parish books, that such a person had ever existed; and whlerefore, after his 'deatb,"vulgar superstition should have invested him with so: active' an office as thait; of -.the 'family; ghost, none of his brother's descendants haveever been able to divine... Yet so it was, and for the last fifty years not a candle had been suddenly puffred oiUt, "iior a door mysteriously clapped to, in Oldenfield Hall, 'without his impuited agency. CHAr. IT. : ::".Some slight degree of matrimonial acerbity oecasionally arose between the representative, of the family of Oldenfield and his lady, on .occount of Martin's noc 'tii;naldiversi6ns being the ostensible cause ofiher:'chbanging'her servants rather oftener, 'at a' m'oderate computation, than there were months in the' year, and the worst of it was, there.was great difficulty in inducing .others to supply their places.. :""Once it happened during my visit that, ii consequence of a general panic in the hoiseholdl, Mr. and Mrs Oldenfield were left without a. single domestic, either male or female,: in the house. In this emergency I alvised them to apply to a register office in Norwich for a fresh set of servants, to whom the awful name of Martin Oldenfield would 'be of'coirse unknown. ,"The plan was adopted. The servants arrived, suited admirably, and fora whole fortnight everything went on comfortably; buiit'at the end of that period certain signs and tokens rendered it apparent' that the newir.d6mestics had taken the ilarm. :" Unusual delays occurred in answering the bell of an evening, and when the sum mons was at length obeyed by the pale, trembling' footman, it was evident, by the s`oisid of their' steps, tliat he was attended by all the maids, who kindly waited in the hall:to protect him on his way back to tihe kitchen. . i" Then Mrs. Oldenfield, on examiniug her weekly accounts, tound that a double qimantity of candles had been cbnsumed, and thi~t she was charged moreover with a pound of watoch-lights, 'against which item was written, by way of explanation- '. (For we poor earvants to burn of nights.' " It was impossible, to mistake these symptoms, and Mrs. Oldenfield, pettishly observed, 'that hateful' old fellow, Martin Oldeiifield,· would never allow her to keep ;adecent set ofservants, like other people.' . ...My cousin was hurt at the observation, and;said, '.Surely, my dear, yout have too zmuhe nease to believe there is an foynda tion for the unaccountable nonsense these ignorant. people have taken into their heads about my poor uncle, who is said to have been too much afraid of the. failr sex during his life to riender it at all probable that' his spirit should so for forget 'itself as to over step the reserve and discretion of his natural character, and commit .such; levities as playing at be-peep with your maids Irom behind the doors after dark, and puffing oat their' candles as they go to bed. Would it not be better,' added he, ringing the bell as he spoke, "' to make inquiries of the servants themselves, respecting their conduct, than to persist in attributing it to so ridiculous a cause?" " Joseph, the footman, did not obey the summons'.till after it had been repeated several times, and when his master angrily demanded ' why he did not answer the bell immediately it rang ?' looked down, played with his fingers, and at last stammered out ' ' Why, sir, I could not come till Betty and Molly and cook. could make it con venient to step with me.' "' Botty ! and Molly ! and cook !' echoed his master, ' vhat have they to do with answering the bell, which is your busi ness ? "' Why, sir, they came with me by way of company,' responded Joseph, with a foolish simper; ' don't 'be angry, ma'am, for it was 'ohly in a civil way, because they wvere afeared of being left in the kitchen without me, and I didn't care to come here alone, for fear of meeting that queer. old gentleman in theopassage.' "' Thatqueer old gentleman !' retorted Mlr. Oldenfield, sharply; '.pray do you mean myse:lf or my relation ?' ",, Why, sir,' replied Joseph, with infinite naivete', 'I believe he is a bit of a relation of yours.' "-' He, whom do you mean, pray ?' "' Mar.tin Old-en-field,' quavered Joseph, casting a terrified 'askance round the room. "'What' sort of an old gentleman is Martin Oldenfield ?' demanded 1, with no slight degree of that thrilling interest with which I had listened 'to ghostly lore in my early days. -"My question was answered by ..three female voices from the hall, making a quar tette with Joseph's emphatic reply, ' Oh he is a very queer old gentleman.' "Then Betty, Molly, and the cook, bursting into the .rodm withont 'further ceremony, united with Joseph. in describing Mlartin, in a sort of corroborative chorus, as, 'a short, pluggy (thick), man, . with a pug nose and grey eyes,' who took snuff, wore great round horn spectacles, and was dressed in a brown, single-breasted coat, a waistcoat with long flaps to it, :such as:no gentleman wears now-a-days, rusty black velvet smalls with ribband roses at the knees, grey worsted stockings, shoes with great silver buckles, a small pinched cocked hat, and a wig with a pig-tail to it.' " I was charmed with a description so eminently graphic and characteristic of an old square-toes of the last century. I looked a:t my. cousin-a slight sthade of vexation passed over *his countenance-he couldanot deny that such was the costume in which not only local superstition but family tradi tion had ever arrayed his great great uncle. "' But how do you know he takes snuff?' demanded I; -for the circumstance of a ghost being addicted to such practices was something too novel in spiritual records to be passed over in silence. ' Joseph and the maids replied in a breath, Sthat although, they had:never seen him take snuff, yet doubtless he did take it, becalifse he-was always. to' be: seen sitting in his garret in his old high-backed elbow chair, with his snuff-box in his hand, that had the bead.of the first king George upon the lid, ?wrought in silver.' " ' Now, good people,' said my cousin, rising, and going to 'his escritoire,' that is a complete mistake, for I always keep my late uncle's box. under lock and key, and here it is.' "The sight of the identical box, which their master held triumphantly towards them, produced a directly contrary. effect on the minds of the. household from what he had anticipated, for they simultaneously declared ' they now were sure everything they had heard of Martin 'Oldenfield 'was true, since they had seen the very 'snuff box.' "For my part, I confess the circumstance of its corresponding so exactly with the des cription, that had been given of it by people who kniew not of the existence of such a box, made a powerful impression :ion my imagination, which ::had always ' been tinged with a strong inclination for the marvellous. I grew thoughtful.. My cousin observed it, and uttered an impatieit ' Pish I" ' ... . . a ti (To ke cn'tinned. ' It is notified in ?he' Govenmnent Gazette that in future the tolls payable and collected upon the High-street road shall be divided equally between the Shire Councils of Boroondara, Gardiner, and Oakleigh; that is to say, 6s 8d in each £-to each shire. 