CREED OE POPE PIUS IV. No. XXIIL According to the XI Article of the Creed of the Romish Church every Roman Catho lic is required to "condemn, reject, and anathematize all thiims contrai-y to the Canons and General Councils, and all heresies which the Church has condemned,/ rejected, and anathematized." It will be well that we point out to the Roman Catholics amongst us what their Creed requires of them, and to show to Protestants some of the dangerous princi ples in which Roman Catholics are trained by their Cliiu'ch. "We have already shown that the Church has condemned and anathematized heretics by whatever name they are known. Well, Pope Martin V, nuiting to the Duke of Lithuania, says, " Be assured that thou sinnest mortally if thou keep faith "svith heretics." Of course our respectable Roman Catholic citizens, who are not lost to all sense of shame and truth, will repu diate this doctrine; but what then -will they say for their Creed which requii-es them to condemn and anathematize all things which the Church has condemned/' and anathematized 1 Was not Martm Vl as infallible as Pius IX 1 We are not im-| puting anything to our Roman Catholic' fellow-citizens but what they avow, if they accept the Creed of Pope Pius lY ; and, if this be their belief, then they arc bound to look upon heretics, theii- fellow Protestants, as unwoi-thy of credit ; for they "sin mor tally if they keep faith with heretics." They have only one choice, to I'epudiate their Creed or accept it ; to obey Pope Martin "as the voice of God," or reject him and all the rest as mitred impostors. Gregory IX also gave this infallible deliverance : " Be it known unto all who are under the jurisdiction of those who have openly fallen into hex'esy, they are free from the obligation of fidelity, do minion, and every kind of obedience to them, by Avhatever means or bonds they are tied to them, and how securely soever they may bo bound." Does not this cast much light upon the seditious and treason able and disloyal procedure of the Roman ists in Ireland 1 Tliejl people are taught that then rulers are heretics, and that they are not bound to obey them ; that the only thing which keeps them under is the strength of the British Government ; and that they should resisb and revolt whenever they can safely do so. What more natural than that people so taught should hate the English, and be up in arms agaiiis them as often as possible ? Our Protestant peo ple will not understand that the discontent and disloyalty of Ii-eland are the proper fruit of the teaching of the Church. They pretend to be astonished ; they pretend to refer riots to Protestant insult and opposi tion ; but this is wilful blindness. "When people are trained from childhood to look upon theii- rulers as heretics who ought to be burned ; to regard them as tyrants and persecutor's ; to fear them only as poAverful; and to consider that it would be right if they "vvere to throw off the yoke of alle giance ; Avhen people are trained to believe that "God" has released them from all obligation to obey the heretical English, and has given them the right to throw off the yoke as sopn as they can, is it strange that agitating Priests should be looking out for the opportunity ? and is it strange that the people should be in a state of chronic anarchy and rebellion? The rulers in England seem to be incapable of under standing that the curse of Ireland is the Romish Church, and that were its doctrines to prevail iir England and Scotland as they do in Ireland, disloyalty would be as ram pant in both those places as in the Green . . . / ';.The Bishop of Simanca, commentinffl mjpon this law of Gregory IX, sa3's-3, ;" Moreover, a Roman Catholic wife is no'ff obliged to perform the marriage contracti with- a heretical husband." Here is un-| doubtedly an explaiiaSoirbf the treacherys and unfaithfulness which are known to exist in the case of mixed niiarriages. Those mixed marriages .or-e not admitted to be marriages at all. If they have been solenii- nized by a Priest their defects are oirly partially cured; but if not. Dr. Polding has denounced them as the mere commerce of the sexes ! There are thousands of men in Australia who know what a blessing it is to have a Romish wife. Tliey know that their family is scarcely their own, for their children are alienated to the Priest. Hortse- hold matters are no secrets ; for the Priest knows everything. The confidence and authority of the husband are only secondary ;v for the Priest is first. Even dishonesty is practised in many instances ; for the hus bands goods may be lawfully used to help the Church without his knowing it ! We do not say that all Roman Catholic wrves who have heretical husbands are thus trea cherous and dishonest ; but we do say that if the Roman Catholic wives of Protestant husbands will do as the Bishop of Simanca and Pope Gregory IX tell them, they will feel themselves quite free to decline the marriage contract with their heretical hus- bruids ! The present Pope ha.s denounced in the most emphatic manner all the principles of Viodern freedom ; the independence of the State ; its supremacy in all civil questions ; Hberty of conscience and freedom of wor phip; a free press; the i-ight of every man /to exercise his private judgment on all ; questions of morals and fiiith ; the free circulation of the Holy Scriptures; Pius' Syllabus was a most clear and unequivocal rejection and condemnation of modern liberty ; and, as the Pope is infallible, there cannot be a doubt that if the Pope had power to rule the world, as was once the case, every vestige of civil and religious freedoin as now enjoyed would be swept away, and the world would be made abso lutely and totally subservient to the Infal- lible's -win. Every Roman Catholic who professes the Creed of Pope Pius IV is bound to agi'ee with the Prisoner of the Vatican in all tliis. There is no alternative for him. He may speak largely, as Eather Sheridan does on the Randwick Board, about British freedom, or as Eather John at the Infirmary, or as Eather Polding when he is asking public subscriptions, or as Eather Butler in the House in Macqua- rie-street ; but all this is so much nonsense ; for all these, if they believe their Creed, 1 1'cject and anathematize all English liberty, and would, if the Church had power, gather , it aILto..ficonsumed bxjags. h 6 do fo assured that cliere are thou- sands of Roman Catholics who do not I inderstand what their Creed imposes upon ; bhem. //They drink in the spirit of the Thing ithout careful consideration. Their Creed is a snai-e to their conscience. They profess roundly to reject and anathematize all that the Clmrch rejects and anathema tizes ; but if they were asked about each thing which the Church has cursed and does still ciu'se, they would either deny the cursing of the Church or in shame refuse to acknowledge the facts. Those who live in Protestant lands hardly know the great ness of their priyikges as under Protestant Taws! ItwouT3cl'6 thein ' " M"" Hmmense amount of good to be sent to a Romish country for about six months. Y et although they enjoy such privilege,s, becmcse of the Protestantism of the latid, they are asked to accept the Pope as infallible in denoun cing their liberty. They have civil and religious liberty, and they iwetoid to value %t ; but yet they are requii-ed to believe the Pope in cursing their " civil and religious liberty" as the "voice of God to them !" Nay, while they are enjoying their civil and religious liberty, they are required bylj their Creed to join vdth the Pope in curs-ii ing and rejecting that very liberty ! \Ve hope our Roman Catholic friends are not accustomed to curse and anathema tize in the orthodox fashion of the Church. Although they promise in their Creed to do so, we A-erily believe some of them havenever tried to curse at all, "We shall therefore give these a small specimen of what an " luiatherna " is ; it will be a curiosity to them ; it Avill probably make them feel some qualm of conscience in oAvning a Church lich can so curse for theii' Holy Mothe? at any rate it ought to excite sov lAudr disgust in them as to lead them to j flueistion the claims of their Church : — ' "By tire autliorlty of God Almiglity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and the undefiled Vii-gin, mother and xratroness of Our Saviour, /and of all celestial Aurtnes, angels, archangels, /thrones, dominions, powers, cherubims, sera- phmis, and of all holy patriarch's prophets, &c.;, &c.;, Ave damn him. . We excommunicate him and anathematize him fi-oin the threshold of the Holy Church' of God Almighty ; Ave sequester him that he maj' be tormented, disposed, and be delivered over Avith Dathaii and Abiram, &c;'. May the Father, Avho creates, cures him ! May the Son, Avho suffered for us, curse him ! May the Holy Ghost, Avho suffered for us in baptism, curse him I Miiy the Holy Gross, Avhich Chi-ist for our sana tion, triumiihing over his enemies, ascended, curse him ! May the Holy and Eternal Virgin, Mother of God, ciu'se him, &o.; &c.; May the holj' choir of the holy Virgins, who for the honor of Qirist have despised the things of the Avorld, damn him ! May he be damned Avherever he be, Avhether in the house or the stable, the garden or the field, in the higliAvays, the Avoods, or the Church ; may he be cursed living or dying. May he be cursed eating or drinking, hungi-y, thirsty, fasting, sleeping, slumbering, sitting, living, Avorldng, resting, and bloodletting ! May he be cursed in all the facilities of his body ! May he be cursed in his mouth, breast, heart, stomach, &c.;, &c.;, doAvn to his toe nails ! May the Son of the living God Avith all the glory of majesty curse him ; and may heaven and all the forms that move therein rise up iigainst him and curse ond damn him, unless he repent a make satisfac-/ ,,tion. Amen, so be it; so be it, amen," >. This, is no jqljet. It is no Protestant ffabricatidnlTLt is a genuine curse of the Roman Cliurch; and this is the soit of " condemning and anathematizing " which Roman Catholics are required by their Creed to believe in Avhen prondmiced by their Church ! \ 