'Wbt c^2>öncj) Coming $tral&. MONDAY, MAY 27, 1872. -? Tue condition of Victoria with regard to that gi eat gold-mining industry which has done so much to draw population to its shores and to add to the value of its exports, is fully ex- hibited in the annual report of its mining department. There is some talk of a similar department or quasi-department in this colony, and if such should ever he established we shall be in a better position to study the statistics of our mining affairs than we have ever been yet. Meanwhile as this colony is now launched on a mining career, it will be instructive to see what is the status of the neigh bovning colony _ on the result of years of enterprise in this line during a period in which the Fame department of industry has been comparatively stagnant in this colony. The year 1871 showed an improvement on the previous year. Owing to the comparative exhaustion of the alluvial workings and of the deep leads at Ballarat, there was a falling-off in the yield, and the opinion was gaining ground that, as a gold-producer, the colony had seen its best days, and would have to look more tlinn ever to other industries. This apprehension, however, was premature, for Sandhurst and Pleasant Creek came to the i eecue, and more than recovered the yield. The export for last year was 1,355,477 ounces, and the total export from the first discovery of the gold up to the end of the' year was at £4 per ounce-which, however, is an over- valuation- £163,019,221. That has been Victoria's contribution to the stock of bullion in the world. How much this has added to the actual profit of Victoria -is a question ot moie local interest,. and has lately been very hotly disputed, because the retiring chairman of the Chamber of Commerce laid down the doctrine that the gold had cost more than it was worth. To this calculation based on returns of the yield divided amongst the popu- lation, the answer given has been to compare the colony as it is with what it would have been without the gold. Nearly all the private local improvements have been carried out at the cost of profits made in the colony, only the great Government works having been constructed by borrowed capital. Without the gold there would bave been fewer people, fewer and smaller towns, fewer houses, fewer farms, fewer mills, factories, Ive. All that has been paid for must have been paid for out of some fund ; and the profits of other industries than gold-mining, added to the imported private capital, do not furnish an adequate fund. The inference is that on the whole, therefore, notwithstanding individual Josees, there must have been a large profit on I the extraction of the gold. So far as present statistics go they show that in 1871 there were 41.9G3 alluvial miners and 16,148 quartz miners-a smaller number than in the previous year, and yet, by working on richer material, they have produced a higher average. ?> The produce per man ,was £93 6s., while in 1870 it had only been £81, anda fraction. Labour is more profitable now when bestowed on quartz than on alluvial; this is partly because all the surfacing is getting exhausted, and paitly because the quartz miner has more of the invaluable aid of machinery. The average for an alluvial miner was less than £66 per man, while that for a quartz miner was over £164. The estimated value of the machinery on the gold- fields is over £2,000,000. We cannot point to all this as capital created by mining and reinvested, because much of it may have been drawn from the profits of other industries ; but the value of the claims is estimated at over twelve millions and a quarter, and this is, to some oxtent, a gauge of profit, because the share value represents the ex- pected piont in future years, and the land on which this value is placed was only worth a pound an acre for agricultural or pastoral purposes. The general average of the richness of Victorian quartz is not high. There are rich reefs, and some of those now being worked at Sandhurst are yielding steadily seven ounces per ton. But other reefs have been made to pay at five pennyweights, and in one special case even at two pennyweights. So far as can be calculated the total yield of quartz-gold has been at the rate of over eleven pennyweights per ton. But the reefs are mostly wide, and the aid of large and powerful machinery has been called in. As a rule, the veins, in New South Wales are richer, but they are narrower, and we have yet to learn how on a large scale our average will compare with that of Victoria. There are 1114 steam engines employed on the Victorian gold-fields, of which 711 are em- ployed in quartz-crushing, the total capacity of these engines being estimated at 23,188 horse power. It is only by the use of steam in winding and pumping as well as in crushing, that the cost of quaitz-mining in Victoria has been kept down to the point that will make half an ounce pay. In this colomy we have as yet very little steam power employed In gold mining. But when the over-eagerness of I the present íubh is over, und managers have time to sit down, and study, and when impatient shareholder are willing to wait and to pay while costly and yet economical prepara- tions are made, we shall be able to mine with less waste of power. The Hawkins Hill stone can afford to bear waste, but balf the mines now started cannot aflord it, and experience will teach investois lo consider not only the show of gold in the stone, but the economy of production. Profit will, in many cases, depend more on the savings than on the yield. The auriferous land held under claims and leases in Victoria is about 107,000 acres, of which 10,000 acres are lying unworked. being protected from encroachment by registration. The revenue derived from the gold-fields, exclusive of fees, fines, and forfeitures, was £35,606. Private capital has been invested in waterworks to the value of £269,272, the average cost of races being £127 per mile. The number of mining companies is 1206, having over 27,000,000 shares. The nominal capital is a little under £17,000,000 ; but as the official estimate of the value of mining property is only about twelve millions and a quarter, with machinery woitb. two millions more, it is clear that san- guine promoters must huve laid it on a little in tome cases. Would there be any corresponding difference in our own market between the pre- sent nominal value of the new mines and a cool estimate of the real value ? The timber con' sumed for mining purposes in Victoria during the year cost no less than £443,163. One question of great interest has been the continuance of the yield at great depths. Hitherto there has been no giving out in this respect. There are not very many deep mines, but some of them are already below the level of the sea. The deepest shaft is at New North Clunes, which is 900 feet down, and there are several at depths ranging from eight to seven hundred feet. The Victoria Company at Sandhurst has raised 155 tons of stone from a depth of 525 feet, which has run over six. ounces to the ton. There is no indication anywhere of an improved quality < in proportion io depth, but there is no sign of deterioration. Having devoted a considerable amount of attention - to the opinions obtained from the English wool brokers respecting the qualities of wool most in demand, and drawn certain con- clusions therefrom, we now turn to another pait of the same inquiry*. This mainly con- cerns the preparation of the wool for market, and contains much that it is for the interest of the wool growers to know. For instance, it has long been a point in debate whether it is best to send home wool in the grease, or first to wash it, and the Council of the Agricultural Society thought it well to obtain a guiding opinion upon this practice for their members. The point cannot be considered one of little or no importance, since we perceive that when wool is shorn in the grease, and so dispatched, the cost of inland carriage and the freight is nearly doubled. Growers would be likely to estimate all this difference for themselves, and the attempts made to wash under great diffi- culties may be attributed to their having done so. But they are less likely to know whether wool of all sorts of qualities, and in all sorts of conditions, will be as well received in an un- washed afi lil a washed state by the buyer; and here, as well as in some other respects, it is that the opinion of the broker is of value. It will, of course, be taken for granted as a rule that, where a man possesses good water, and plenty of it, and the facilities for washing, he will wash the wool upon the sheep's back, and not trust to scourers, either colonial or English. In pursuing this course he is favoured by experience, for it will generally be found, notwithstanding the fluctuations that occur in the relative prices of washed and un- washed wool, that of the same clip the washed portion will more than pay for the washing and the loss incurred. Thus, as one of the re- spondents puts it, " a greasy wool, worth as much as Is. 2d. per lb., and washed to lose 40 per cent., would certainly make more than Is. lli}d., its equivalent value." But there are circumstances in which it may be desirable to incur the extra charges on greasy wool, and to forward it in that state. At present, for instance, the state of the American tariff favours the passage of foreign greasy wools into that country, and the demand hap- pens to be considerable. It is doubtful, too, whether it be not better, where the water used has to be softened by chemical means, to shear in the grease, since the discolouiation th.it takes place in this state during the voyage is not equal to that which occurs in wool which has been washed in a solution of caustic soda. The brokers seem to consider it desir- able to send home the wool of old sheep in the grease, and wool of a faulty character, since the faults are less visible. In particular uses and in special classes of manufacture, greasy wools are preferred by consumers, who find the yam spun from them more suited to their purpose than those from washed wool. The opinion of the Bradford Chamber of Com- merce is very decided :-" So far as New South Wales is concerned it is always desirable to wash if possible." The eiuestion " Whether some sorts of greasy wool are not used by the manufacturer without being scoured?" is treated almost jocularly by the brokers. No practice of, this kind prevails. .With respect to the use of hot an'd cold water and chemicals in washing, the majority of the brokers advise cold water and the avoidance of chemicals. Powerful spout wash- ing also is not approved of. " It deteriorates the Talue of the fleece by disturbing the close mid even lay of the fibres in the staple." While it is a fact that by . boiling some qualities of water they are softened, it must not be forgotten that hot water, unless used with much caution, takes too much yolk from the wool, causing it to handle harshly. As may be supposed, it is not improved when, after this process, it has to îemain six or nine months before it gets into the hands of the manufacturer. If, after washing in hot water, the sheep could remain' eight or ten days, so as to permit the yolk to rise again, the plan might answer ; but to keep them that length of time would render them as dirty as ever in the generality of distiicts. It is not to be wondered that the brokers are averse from hot water washing since their experience of it is generally from wool that has been clipped before the yolk has arisen, and is, therefore, sapless. The yolk rises more readily in wool that has been washed in cold than in hot water. There is one consideration of importance suggested by the Huddersfield Chamber of Commerce, which is-that while washing clean is of great impoitance, the felting property in wool is injuriously affected by the use of hot water. Then, with respect to the degree to which water should be heated, when hot water is preferred, the geneial opinion appears to be in favour of a .temperatuic not exceeding 100-, and the growers are reminded that " the close grown, dense fleece of the higher breeds of wool, will bear the action of the heated water, withqut showing any ill effects, to a much greater extent than the lower grades." In one case the reply to the Society's query consists of a quotation from a letter received by the respondent from a squatter of large experience. This gentleman says to his brokers with Tespect to his clip :-" The improvement in the washing I attribute entirely to the absence of soap, soda, &c;, in the process, and usm<* the water cold. I find the animal grease to be the best solvent we have, and by using the water over and over again it forms a strong lees, rendering the wool much softer than by any other means." Since" sheep can rarely be kept long enough to allow the yolk to arise after the use of hot water, it is clear that they should either not be soaked long enough to carry it all off, or that soft soap should be used in washing them, which consists of an animal oil most altin to yolk. As to the amount of yolk that should be retained, the advice of the Bradford Chamber is to the point:-"No more yolk should be retained in the wool before shearing than is required to make it clip well, and to make it work softer in the using." From eight to ten per cent, of yolk is sufficient to impart a silky touch and lustrous appearance to the washed wool, and to, enable it to retain its natural elasticity and strength. The opinion of the brokers does not appear to favour the process of scouring wool. Where it can be washed on the sheep's back, it should not be scoured. They are of one mind in advising superior wools to be sent home in the grease in preference to being scoured; while for faulty wools the process is desirable. Scoured wools find a more restricted market thon fleece washed wools, and are looked at with some suspicion, being thought to be mixed w ith skinwool-" which is sometimes the case." As to the classification and sorting done by the colonial scourers, the brokers confess them- selves unable to offer any suggestions for its improvement. It will be desirable for the woolgrowers to consult for themselves the replies of the brokers concerning the manner in which wool should be classed at the station, since each one differs somewhat in the advice proffered, and offer suggestions that are worthy of careful attention. We make one quotation only, selecting for that purpose the opinion of the Bradford Chamber : -" The committee would recommend that in all cases combing and clothing should be kept separate, and also the lambs, locks and pieces, and packed in separate bags. The fleeces should be moderately skirted ; and they are of opinion that, as a rule, it should not be attempted to make too many sorts. The com- mittee would recommend the division into 1st and 2nd combing, and 1st and 2nd clothing, lambs, pieces and locks." The brokers are all of opinion that sorting is better performed at the station than at the port of shipment or London, and that it should in no case be left lo be done in London. " It might there provide profitable employment for all connected with wool in London," observes one firm, " but we are sure would result in no benefit to the growers." Then follows some information elicited by questions concerning the size of bales and " dumping." The latter practice has alisen with the desire of shippers to squeeze as much bulk as possible into the ship's hold. In the case of wool in fine condition, it appears to do no harm, though it gives an unsightlinoss to the bales when unpacked, but it imparts a cloddy gummy appearance and a clammy touch to greasy wool, which is disliked by buyers. A cake of wool is not exactly the thing the manufacturer of fine soft cloths looks for. We commend the information, obtained through this inquiry, to the careful attention of all whom it may concern. In our endeavour to gafier up the most salient conclusions, much has been left that will repay an attentive reader. We hope the Society's publication will find its way into the hancls of all wool gtowers, and that the Agiicultural Society; encouraged by the success of this attempt, may I continue to undertake inquines that shall be attended by equal advantage to the colony. Soprfme (Jouet - Business This Day - Banco Court Bubb v Mooro and lutothor, Kittlor v Murihv Lovien v Cousins, Walford v Couainä, Brown irnd another v Carrs nnd another Quelas Birthday lïivirvv -We. Invc been requested to make the following correction in our report if the review -It appears tb it Major Raymond a» nom r oiliccr formed up tho brigade, and roceived Ula hx ollenoy Colonel Richardson did not tike the command until after the iflicnl întpection by the Governor (Mijor II iluirds con mmding tho Sjdmy Biitiiliin in the moantuia) After the mspoction b> tho Governor nnd Colonel Richard hon, as Ccninmndant Colonel Rich, ir Ison took ovar the par de and Major Ravmond roBumed ommrad of tho svdnev Battalion Major Goodlet wis ia command of tho Suburban Battnlion DisntucTiVF Ska 11oc_xis-On Situuihy morning portions of two rockets wero found in tho Georgi street» Markets having ovidcntly filien through windom in the roof during the pyrotechnic display of the previous muht Two large pnn»a of glnsa wero broken Ono of the rorket« was marked with a brotd arrow anl SS 6, which ia mentioned as the person who dtsch irged it may like to know Iho conpequpneos, and to rnako good ton dan ngo doiip, Tho other roeket was not marked, but had cudently been fired from Ihe same pine Alarm 01 Iiri -^lioitly if-u î o c1 e-k, yes terdav Bftcrnoon, thu fir nells f tho city wero rung, lwoof tho Jnsuinnce Brigade nanuil engines proooodoi to the south Head Ho 0 whi n it appeared that too soot ia a chimney at Mr Dunforle drapery shop hid ignited. Tbf fire was speedilj put mu hy the bngoda men with a hand pump No 2 ongmo, from Pitt street, was also at the scene of the fire \- otj>g Men's Christian Association - Pke month!», breakfast meeting in connection with thii aasooia tion waa held, yesterday morning, at tho Tempéranos Hall After breakfast the Rev A W Webb took tho chair, and interesting profitable addrc«fcs on a Scriptural topio woro (.iven li) thelîov W Ridl j, Rev D Allon, Mesera A. Allen, Donaldson, nnd other« LrvLiuoOL Amium-Hie- mniatui "f tins institution, to the number of uS5 wero by tho liberality of tho Board of Management, provided wi h an excellout din ner, which consisted ef roast beef and rlum pudding, added to which was gi\en to oaeh mmito a g1 isa of good i le, rn tho Queen a Birthd iv _,% erj thing boing dul? pra pared, the old mon assembled in their spacious meäaroom, which waB tnetefull} dect rated with 07ergreons in hoaour of tbo event Grace having boen end by tho Kev Ciuon King, tho old folks commenced to a tack tho good things to kindly jrovid#d for their enjoyment Dinner halag rv«r Iho usual 1 Aal toasts w re ]ro) sed by tho chairman, Mr I S "Whitehouse, und responded to bv tho mmitss, with u right good will and beam choora In the ait-oitig the doicc of tho building wasilluniijuted LnTEI COLONIAL t G1-,S AUlCII B\ L--CTRIC llLJUltAHI->1W Soi li \V"J,_B Vbll I s SOJTII AUs TitALiA -iho return match between «oven ropreventitiv s of this colony and an oqjal number of South Australian champions veaa played lost Fridaj, and resulted in another MCtory for New fcouih AValcs. Mr J M lv*o 1 id the honour of I» orme the n-st victory Moesra B «with md AS Crane, jnniwr oleo succeeded in winning Me ara 1 B Walker, 1 Gibbes, and 1 J Bya_ dnvr their gimas Mr Heydon lost bia gamo bj an oversight, after having it fused a draw onlj ii fow movea pieviously Mr u Blown, acted na repreatntutno for South Austrug» and Mr W J Cunningham p rfornied tho o-i w kipd olino for New South "Wales in AJolaiJo Mr I W Lwer acted aa dei uty representativo, Mr Wall.ott performed the duty of tiruokoepor, while Mr M lvUiseU Kbusted it carrving out the irrongementa during tho pro» tie a of the n itch Mesara Wilson and Leo of. tho loin í¡r¿)h dei ailment, telegraphed the movea willi Srjy i ccuraiv and in a manner ni¿hly creditable, to tho dep_rl « cut Ihu following ib tho rosult of 'ho \iatrtng o' til» pi k1 em -Mr J M Kao, Now South Wa) b won of Mr Hu du areh South Audralu Mr li S »ith NSW, aron of Mr lullarton G A Mr VV Crino JM » N "» "W , wen of Mr ihwiitti SA Mr P B Waltoi NSW, drew aynnst Mr Ijrre' SA Mr T J Iii an, NSW drew ngainat Mr btccle, S A Mr * Gibbes, NSW drew against > lt Ivrroll S A »" C S Hcjdon, N S W , lo? c to Mr Boyor, 3 A tho N S A», playera thus vuinp' Dg bj a majority of i gi""81 Testimonial to Detectives Elliott and Cami'hin-Ino discovery and conviction of tha por. petrotorB of tho atrocities on (ho Parramatta Eivor is a matter for congratulation, and Messrs. Elliott and Camphm descrvo credit for their untutenosB, and for tlio completo manner in whirh tho case was carried through by thom. Foiluio of juslioo in suth a c f o would have left a stain on tho ceiinniULitv, nnd it is a. matter of thankfulness that tho f tully vvrttchen nu« awailtng execution Wt.n so suddenly chicked in their di ibohcnl career of crime ? had such not been the caso it is imponible not lo behove tint ether punna »mid lmo met a similar fitc to fhot ol W«lker mel lindner With tho view of re cogniMDg tho forviees of tho two ollie, re iibovcnamal, a mtating will be held itt Willi ims'u Metropolitan Hotel, this ?cunuifr, at 8oclitk to form a committee for collecting submipticnb, end mill in,; «mh olh r arrangements as moy fee níies'iii) f«r bringing tho amtier to uhuccohhíu! issue Tin Navk atoi. Im \m>s -In another column will bo found iho pruieedingfl of Captain Muldo, of tho ti S war ship Nurrii(,an ett, wh f luiuilln, vnth n utw of tocuring tho port of I'niigo Pango as a miling station aud port of cill for A menean ai d other verséis It will bo seen that Captain Minde has ioii¡.ht to ct in conceit with the Bntwh Genom- , went, and (but tho independence of tbo Samoan. Islands is ' netmenncedbj hwucts Tileartides of " treaty " submitted for rutllication are worth) of perusal for ihotr sinipllcttj omi ¿cßnittntsfl We oro mdebtid to Captain M Lend, of tho Wild Wu\o, fcr tho intolligonco. NEW MEDICAL BILL -A circular has been issued, stating: -" At a meeting of the medical profession, convened by circular, held at Sydney on the 9th instant, Charles Nathan, Esq., F.R.C.S., in the chair, the follow- ing resolutions were passed: 1st That in the opinion of this meeting it is considered desirable that a ' New Medical Bill for New South Wales ' should, if possible, be passed through the present session of the Legislative Assembly. 2nd That a committee of three members of the profession, viz :-Charlen Nathan, Fred Milford, and J. Mildred Creed be appointed to frame a new bill, and carry out the above resolution, with power to add to their number. 3rd That Dr Cox be requested to act as hon. secretary and treasurer. 4th That such medical practitioner whose name appears on the official list of the Medical Board of New South Wales be asked to subscribe the sum of 10s for the purpose of defraying the expenses of carrying out the above) object. 6th. That all members of the medtcal profession whose names appear on the official list of this colony for the present year should be informed by circular of the above resolutions, and that they be requested to co-operate with this meeting. " The Late Li,vee -Notwithstanding oui atl rromtory notice on the morning of the ¿,-tlh msUut, as to the urgent necesHty for all persons attending the lovui to kate cards (should they dceiro to have their produce chroi ícled), a eons deruhle number of gentlsmoa, at uauul, feim to havo paid their rcipocts to tho repn si ntatlvo of her Majesty without leaving any curds at all-either at tho door of Government Boubu or inside-and they have thus, pal cot stquence, (heir accustomed canpo of compl nut Wo nro assured that even gentlemen known to havo the grande (nl>ce for j cats, will otcnuonallv make their nppeiranco vuihout their catete, so that imlcsB the vigilant eyes of tho reporters shall innniigo to detect tho exceptional presence of pnj such gcDtleineii, duo notico of thai presence muat mini ftctJv "not be en tho raid"" As ti rule, the numoioue members of tho public he-dies (who enter by a eldo ¿loot) ttiy scldon lean enids anyuhere bo that \- ns tltoy till sweip onward, unannounced, in a long unbroken file, popt the bewildered aide-do camp-it may ho tollt iruihfullj mid poelicnljy paid, "lluirnamis aro nevor imid " 1 hey are, indeed, never mentioned at all, except when Iho appillations of as many us the introducer can manage to rece lied are breathed in an agitated, far olí .whifper, into the ear of his Excellency Gonomlly, all (be membeíR of the "public bodies" flit by, an many of thom did on Tridny laut-unnoticing and unnoticed, not oyeti si em g, in thur unt-umlj haste, tho high official to whom thej ino i-upi oped to bo p iving their re«pictí. It Ia not n very eoaj task instantly to rccognt/e long files of , unannounced persons rushing by (Hito the royal ghosts m Macbeth) in varwd and unfamiliar costumes, tho reforters, not untmiirht bj past expérience, exort themselves to get ingenious np¡ roxim itions to tho uttendance of all tho " pul lie hi dies' Irom somo good-natured meniher of each divu-ion, who may deeiiro that ho ib "going in" with euch mid BUili a j art j, and may Kindly tale compassion upen tho ui fortunato scribes Even tho curda that are eventually fonnd in the bieketi aro hy no moanB reliable indnations of the attendance, for to complete tho oonfuniou of the wh lo oOatr, oitiuoua parties (who do not nttond, but ?who a*o wipo in their fcenoration) will dehboratilj sand ti ctr cnrdu for trusty friends lo drop into one of the baskets, nnd to enter for them a purelv huitiíiia appear once " They in mogo things belter m I rnnce " NAMtow Escvn -It i^ lumomed tliat one of the si bordinato i (beers of the pns unger ship Parramatta had, not long Binee, a very narrow ocupa. It appears that Ibis officer was known occasionally (o (alto Australian birds ?with him from tins port home to England, and thero to sell (hem for his own profit Aven detent-looking man came cn loaid ehip, pcrnped on acquaintance with tho bird fancier, and talked about hia well-known Bemi-eommeroiil hobbj. This «bilging strangor told tbo sub olitcer that ho knew a pcntlfmnn np thv 1 arramatla Uiver who had on aviar) which he inn nded to disposo of, ns ho waa about to leave the colin) Iho poor sea-gull gobbled up the bait, »nd hiB Sjdney friend kindly paid that as ho hud a boat of ' tia own, a mate ot his would row them up, intimating that tbev might go en and 6top at Parramatta for the night, and so conto down on tho following morning, iho limiter w«h arrant c(l> ttnd tho «trangor carno with his beat nnd his mata to the side or tho vessel m (he evening. Ho ptor confiding bird-fancier was uiu^ht, andviuB cctuallj on board tho boat with his two stranger ftiends whin a lad appeared, and said "Mr.-, tho ' captain savs that I may go with you" Tho suu-olficor lad, of course, no ohiection, but the party who had arranged the milo excursion did not poem to caro about lakmg the boy np with them, and suddenly rcculloc ed that as the nvor obannel was long and winding, it might por hnps bo enfer for thi m all to go up l>> da) -light. Ho would como for tho bird- fancier, accordingly, oarly on the follow- ing morning Strange to pay the " friend " and hu mato never mude tbcirajpearanco as promised, afraid, probably, of having tbeir dinnlorestcd motives mibunderatood. Tho «uh-dlioor is, it ib behoved, still ahvn and well, but it u »pfertcd (with much confidence) that the "friends" who wihhed to take him up the Parramatta River aro both 1) rag Lndcr sentenco of death. Di ATH i rom v Tall -About half past, 1 o clock on Siiiurdav afternoon, a man, named William Shaw, engaged as a musician at the American Circu", fell down etaira at bl» ledgmge-tho Trafalgar Hotel, Castle- reagh street. When picked up, ho waa quito imonsiblo The landlord of tbohruao at oneo dispatohid a messenger for Dr Shaw, who rhortly afterwnrda armed, and by ¿ia direotion the man »ni removed to tho Infirmar}, where ho died at 5 o'clock tho sume o\enrag, from concussion of the brain. 'J ho Con nor will hold nn inquest to dav bhtw, we uro informed, leaves i wifo ond two children in Mol bourne. ruc m ful De mi by Burnim -Emly on Siituiduy morning i man named Longluse, a nstdent it Botatiy, was brought m to tho Infirmar}, Buttering from peiere bui-B 1 loin tho information nt piesont t» hand, it jpp ara that Li nplatH, who had bean indulging freely on the previous night, attempted to drink tho contents of a bottle contamine kerosene (which ho mistook for spirits), «nd upset a quantity of the oil over hiB clothes Ile aub tequcutly proieu'i 1 to light bia pipe, but having bi some aeons t< uthid h s ci at with tho lighted match or with tim bol fishes from his i ípa the kerosene instantly ignited, find let io usbiauum cuuld bo rendered, tho unfortunate man ?wasso\crilj burned He was at onco removd to the Bvdrej Infirmar»,, whern ho died a few hours afterwards. An inquest will probably bo held to day Woi K i or un: Ministry-Tlie advent of tlie Parkes Adiitiui tuition ia rognrdod in tho country with a hvelj sens« of faveurs to como, m tho sharo of lockupa, gaols, courthouBie, repairs to roads, oxtcnoionof railwaja, &c; Ihe rountrj journals evidently look at the political chango as one that will deiolope into that satiataotory local idea of " bridges agra then placoa " Whether the men and tho hour liavo como for tho rectification of tho necket from which wo ure told the interior ia now «dering, remains to bo Been , but if the Mmistiy do one qttstter of what m expected of thom bj their fueudti in the crimtij, in the shape of local improvement«, aconsidcinblo addition to tho loan fund may bo oxpected, or a h\ stem of nnant a inaugurated t_nt will provo n dutton to »11 future itttumtre. AlEVANDltTA LlTLRMA IîfSin UTr -A lllUM 'd und local intirtammcnt in connel tioa wlth tho a io\o instituto waa givi n in tho hall in Glenmore Road, on Moa «a», oicning, the JOth inatnnt, whin Mr. and Mra. Jackton, Sir and Miss Bmbn.ni, Measta. Gedfrej, AVoir, Pidgeon, "na «mie lad) nnd gentlemen amateurs tang several p ipuWi .nips and duets wh ih wero highly appreciated by a lir,ro led nttmtiic nudieiico. Mr R. Claru also sang' aevonl t-iccorjge, whuli elicited bursts of applause Mr ti «ridjum miDtriliuti d ni no small degree to the nuiuaoinout of tie audiincii bj mu ii well-executed ados on tho violin, ?tteiccalisls wiro accompanied by Mr. 1. W Craven, in a manner whioh did i redit to bia ability aa a pianist Tho raeftingwas presidid over by Mr. Alderman Muointjah, '"« A the col Inr-ion of the programme (whioh wan Jjitlier a 1 ng on< ) Mr Cowlev propoaod a Vote of thanks to .ho pumdent fur bia atiendf-nco ra tho chair, and to the f-arformora for tlmr gratuitoua services on behalf of tho inetituto which was oecended bj Mr Alderman Prescott jua carried In m dm alura. 'Ino president, in buvtau'o lonna, aiknow'ic!" i the compliment. Victoria rJii vTRE-" La Yiviuidieto" «as 'ep'atid on 8atnrdnv evening, with increased eurceas Iho *T sctnery was very much admired aud the view of ^lODt Linne from (.hnmouni rellects great credit on Mr. «jl-on Iho set mi artist. To-night, Miss Howardo lakes ?, %?'flti under the special putronnge of tho monibera of , thoMinibtr) rit, j lui iSiAirs Oitra Ti.oxpe - Signoi Biscac j-'M'H, u sister of the Company, hue arrived from Mcl Mit run lou iki ntningtniinta forgiving» Heno» of oporitic lfnitiinncis m iln« city, prior to viaitmg the oth r M «b, 'rht' IJ '" l"-ls VI'! consist of Madame btatoa, ""s (barlilcn, i-i__or Cecchi, Sirmor Orlandini. and j.'^í' Sukini I'onduiloi, Signor Cior_i Madatno State i »no Si ner Orlandi, hu nu rtccitcd an invitation to give a «nrt ' utNewaibtlo left for thit city on Ihursdij night, »n° propose also giving an entertainment at Maitland On wir return arrangomeuta will bo mudo for the forthcoming Hakbotjii and Lioht Din s at Ni wgastw -Tho following lettor, Bigned hythe masters of twolvo American vessels, appcarB m the Chámele of Saturday - " We, tho ucdereigned masters of vessels recently arrived in Newcastlo from California and olsowhero, beg to cravo a ppaco in jour columns for the purpose of protesting »gainst tho heavy charges imposod upon ehipB ontonng thu port of Newcastle Tho tonnage dues by thcmselvoa havo alwajsbeen considered a chnrgo heavier than wai fur to impose, but when to these aro added the new harbour and light dues, (ho expenses of tho port aro inerpa°cd to Buoh on extent that ii will require considerable inducements to cauce üb to visit Newcastle ngnin Some of uti bud hoard a statement that tho dues had beon reducid, and carno hero I under the full expectation of having the full benefit of this "lou can imagino our disappointment, when, on entering our ships nt tho Custom-houso, wo found that, so far from any reduotion having been made, au additional «harpe of harbour and lipht duoB had been imposed Wo lief o that thin lettor will havo the eil et of opening the ejes of th pe c nrerned to the great miu-t ce committed b) the inOictunof thepe extra dues, and that this Btumbling block to accepting chartern for Newcastle will be re- moved " i .Al* AlPAIUIvTIY DllKKMIMI) SUICIDE AT I Ni VMAsup -On índuj nfiernoon (says tho Chronicle) short!) before J o clock one of the plot struy, preparing to get the boat ready for leaving tho Givornincnt boat harbour, hooked up tho bod) of a man Leiving it whoro found, ho at once ooinmunieated with the p ilico, who lost no time m proceeding to tho epot and îccovcrmg it Somo eliili«ulty waB experienced in itmovitigit at iirst owing to its peculiar pondon, the legs wore floating, whilst the head Hppeired to bo moored to tho bottom On getting it rut it was dtscovcicd that ft largo bluo metal atino, weigh- ing semi 10 1b or 12 lb , w is tied up in one handkerohief, and secured by another to the neck T be outside pookota i f the coat were filled with broken metal On searching tbo packets of dectaeed, sonn letter« and documents and a sit all kc> were fmnd Oneof the envih pea is addressed to Mrs H Froobrooke, care of Mrs Catherine Ramsay, the Glile, near Newcastlo Amongst the papers ia a pormit for II Trosbrooko to quit Honolulu Der stc imor Novada Deceased was last Eeen nlivcou Sundrv ni(,ht at his lodg- ings, Mrs. Hook's hoarding-ho ito, Watt street Fatal and otiii r Accidlm s -On Thursday nfternoon (tho JSTtu castle ChrumcU report»), short!) bofora 2o'clock, a seaman of tho nanto of Peter Peterson, belong- ing to tho barque Ann nnd Jane, whilBt oraplojod in bond- ing tho main lower topsoll ofthat vessel, felt from theyaid, nnd, striking tho rail with ins head,fell into tho water, whenco Iub body was recovered some ten minutes af forwards, lifo being then extinct An inqufst was held on the body of dcccnfcd on (bo same dav, at the Great Northern Hotel, when a verdict of aecidental death was lOturned-On the same day, a pcnmun bel undergoing re] airs on Macquarie b Patent Slip, Stockton, WBB in the net of descending the ladder communicating with (ho ground, when, on noarmg the bottom, he missed his footing and fell, striking against the jib of a crane and iu lunng his head rather eevcroly On Friday, another sea- man, who had just joined tho above named ve3aol, which was then lying at No 1 crane, going on board at abont 6 o'clocK in the morning, whilst pass ng round the deck, somehow or other fell down her main li itchway, a depth of fourteen feet, and reccivod a ver) severe wound on hiahoad Ho was able, however, to walk up as far as Dr Harris's surgen, where his wounds wcro dressed Both of tho mon aro reported to bo progressing favourably-On thursday, ogam, a man named Charles bmith, trimming coal on board the American i-hip Prima Donen, when working m tho 'tween decks, it bung rather darl nt the tim», fell down into (he lower hold ard had one of his ribs broken, nnd was otherwise injured Ho was conveyed to the Hospital, whero ho had hia woundB dressed, and his other injuries attended to. Sejuous Loss aiiroirru a Dog-The JJ?aid wood Monitor relates that on luetda) last a man, whoeo nimc we did not leam, was coming into Braidwood with a lo id of wheat, end upon reachine* M'Elroy's Telegraph Inn baltf d with bis team, when a dog, whioh was chained up near the house, broke loose, and, ruehing at the loador, pinned him bythono»e lhe horcos immediately bolted I and nfter running somo distanco capsi/ed tho drav, and the BhaftB breaking, hbornted themselves, when thev at once Btiiried off into the bush The harness wni picked up in various places, (hoy having succeeded in getting rid of all then controlling gear It is noLdlopB to state that nearly nil tho wheat vibb scattered over the road, thus entailing considerable lot-s upon the unlucky owner. Punna RoAUfe - At dina ont time-, (observes the GottlbtiHi Ruald) there has leen a deal of lgitmon m connection v. llh the toad from Qufanbe)an via Gundaroo to Goulburn Thero havo boen two rival routes-that via lukoGeorgo and that Bnown as the marked (reo han each with i(b advocates and oipononts At length it seemed to bo ngroed that the latt-r muel be adopted, for this reason that tho waters of the lake had so naen as to cover (be lake road nltngolbor. Now however, >t ia onco more ttaied that tho Lal.o road-or rather a new road run- ning parallel but higher up the ranges-can easily ba undo good, and that it possesses ndvantiges over the routo hy tho marked treo lino Tho Coueotor people, many of vi hem not verj long pince signed a nieiucrial to tho Government in favour of tho nmrkod tieo line, having recently been activo ra promoting this agitation, behoving that tho Queanbeyan Iraflic is IoBt to their town through the difficulties of tho marked tree line This is probably a mistako It is much moro likely tatt tho read via Bungendore-a dilieront route altogether-is preferred This ib shorter than either tho marked tree line or tho Lokt rood , and being sot down as a firat- class read will in future have the maximum Binn of £60 per milo expended upon it On the part of tho Collector and Gun- daroo people, there ia the d ngerthnt through being divided an cnppt themselves, they will ceaso to command much irlluince m faveur of either lino, and perhaps by and byo fciuccl) havo a road at all DrLW in Adjudicating oí, Ponci Chsis in Till CoilsTKV-A very ¡.ood instance of the ubovo (tais the Glen Innes Guardian) haa been furnished reeenllj -Over a fortnight ago n man was iiriested f i as aggravated aetault upon bia wife A fow daya iftcr hia arrest, ho waa brought up and remanded for seven daya lo avvuit tho nttcndanco of a tocond magistrate At the cNpiration of that time he waa again broui bl up, and aub lietcd to a further íeniand of three days, through the non attendance of n second tico of the peace, although efforts wero made to secure the aervicea of ono TIiub, thia mau waH ferced to undergo a period of lmpnionm ni in a n 1FMnblo dilapidated hovel before ho wa» nctuilly found fcinltv of the enmoof which ho was charged Pi psrYTtri \îs (Jnui cn, Qui v ur\ a>, -Oh Thuii-day May 10 (saya tho Age), tho drat pra ticilrffirt toivetda cbuieü building on tho part of tho Presbyterian» of Qutanleyan waa made and attended with gre it auccess "Wo refer to the ceremony of lay ng the foundation at ne of the church intended for the aceommodation of Pres bvleimn worsbippora Tho hour fi\ed for the ceremony was roe n of that day, but it waa nearly 1 o'clock before eveivthing was in roadinesa The weather nreviously had been ven tinpropitiouB, and up to midnight of Wednesday ii thiiatened anything but a pleasant day Notwith- standing, Thuii-dav proved all that could le dosirid for lio acarón of the year the day waa bright Iho site waa rendered very attractive by a pr> fusen of lunting ilauntiny ever th> suspended attne, which bung in readiness fnr ila find disposition by the lady who wai to be intrusted with the re^j msibtlitv md he nour of declaring the same well aud truh laid Niar at hand was a epacioua pavilifn occuped by a long trblo rd fens, the foimer crowded with suustantnl vnuda in li neild fer tie refrcphincnt of fho=o who would attend ti o c lcrmcny The stone was laid Lv Mra M'Keohme 'Juc Ticbhorm- C\s_-Tito Ncvv Voik Tu hunt, v London letter eav a the collup e of tho Tichborne tin lia understood bb being duo roillv to the claimant a ft ilure to raise tho money needed to go on with it Ula solicitera, it ib said, notified him some time sinco that thoy were out of funde, and that bia counsel could not ha ox peeled to proceed with the croea examination of witncaee» for tho defence unless moro money waa: forthcoming 1 hereupon the claimant called toge'her ¡01 bia fnenda and explained to them thal all the money they had hcrotofore ccntributed waa likely to bo loat for want of a little more It is possible moro might havo been had but forthoaur prif tug line the jurj took What earned the jury waa the onctnco ot Leid Bellew that the real Sir Roger waa tattooed, nnd the admitted fact that the claimant liad no corresponding marka An ofiicei m Sir Roger a old regi- ment ia alleged to havo wntlon a lette» declaring that Lord Bellow is entire h mist iken, and that on the occasion of tho tattooing Sir Regcr was ouo of the ofheera who pfu-onnlly refused to hiuo nnything to do with it Iho name of the ollicer ia mentioned freelv in ccmversatiou, but thero is nono to repjat it as matters now atnnd, It is obvious that tho claimant a solicitor and counsel, with auch ovidtneo in their possession would net htuevtclded to the suggestion of the ]iiry, if the claimant had been nblo to pruvide the moina to con- tinuo the case 1 ho verdict of the tun will not change the Ulinda of thiruwho have stuck tj the claimant from tho beginning and stick to him now, and thtir numoeria Hrge If the mun ia an ínipoator he ia ono of tho cleverest Bcoun c»iela who ever lived. He puz/lca bia own counsel. Ser- geant B< llnntyno said rnouthB ago that he could not make him cut und that tho only thing ho waa certain of waa thit ha could not bo Arthur Orton Hia Bo'icitir«, Mr Itoae ctccpttd, aeom to have hud unshaken confidence ra tho genuineness of his claims Society, which mie,ht n iturilly ee expected to luke aidea with tho family and igunst the lutcher, has alwaya been divided, and the lo¿al proie f sien îtfelf hua furniahcd ao-uo stout pailisana for hiru. ihreo dnyB ago thx claimant w ia v lait, d by a lournalift whoso nome overvbudv in America would recognifo if 1 rave it one of the beat Known and one of tho most cjmcil and acepti lal writcra on tin Li ndou presa After a cjnversation of two honra fini, wntei raino away avowing Lia conv lotion, t h it the mun he hi d juat afin waa the truo Sir Roger I know ethers, just na little likely tobo carried away by pjmpithy orirupesed upon by mcic ahrowdnesp, who edi it the ver- dict of ti is jury, saving that Ihcj themeelvca havoaub ¡reife' the n on to moro searching tests tlifn any he han tra- il igono in Court, and thit he lue, ccmo out of thurn tnumjhintlv no win Bupported in hu claim by tho eviduiiei of eighty five eve witness i, comprising tho Euri net a ruulbcr, tho family Hoheit r, ono bannet, ei\ musturatis, ono gcu ral, three clionel», one major, two ci) arab, thirty-two non-commissioned oilicors ind privates, several citiytna, teven tenante of the estate, Bixtoon Btrvanla of the family, and twelve general svilncssoa, who nil eworo (o his identity. 