THE ABDUC-T 10 N. The (arm ofKelpiehaugh, at a short istance from Lessudden, was, at an arjy period, of the.St. Boswell's eetingS) occupied; ,by jf3il.es, iRatpsay man who, as often happens, in cotland, id, was not loth to admit that' bis u„ grey' fli'are the better horse.' Tfiked %e, philosophy of the old allad qfiotcd by Shakesp^re, and ceived it as.a general maxim, that t's to be had from a woman's and r unless, in,every case, ' ye gie era' th'e plea.' ; And, verily, Matty Dot lpye ;him :the. worse for his orrect notions of woman-kind, ougti, as for anything like gratitude r bis easy submission to her entire thoriljj she knew nothing of the ntiment, if she did not heartily espise it. The reason was indeed ain enough; (or . she had the parity.., to know that, whatever periority nature intended her sbaiid should possess over her, his character of one of the lords creation, he had none whatever in e capacity of her' husband, in this ere was a secret which she commute no one.; atad that was ply, that. Giles, was ,in all respects, stupid, simple, honest ' cudden,' d she was dne of the cleverest mes that eveir made a -good-natured; sband cry ' barlafummH' in a' atrimonial skirmish. Yet, with all; e guidwife's cleverness, she had not en able either to prevent Giles m getting behind with his rentmore by token .as, we fancy, that Ipiehaugh was too d^ar-^or to get e glaiket hizzy,' Mary* her. daugh- , well buckled to. a canny laird, o might help them to ^>ay up their ears. The first was clearly no rvel; but the second might have n termed somewhat extraordinary, fog the^jing woman was as fair "omething as regarded the rent pended upon the next sale of cattle St. Boswell'si, for which honest les had ready six as good stirks as er grazed on a green lea; and it s arranged between him and the ter partner of the matrimonial , that he must get six pounds for "" head of them, otherwise he have small chance for ' love's ndelay' on bis return. It will mak thirty-six pounds, les, said Matty; 'and that will able us to pay up ten pounds o' r arrears.' And what will I get for a supers o a pound a-head on them?' d Giles. The liberty to buy a new gown M a ry,' replied she, «that we may •tp get her aff at the next fair. Y ye sell them for a pound less, «ie ye to seek a quieter bield for u r name than Kilpiehaugh will be your return.' > ^d.so primed, old Giles set off n "is six stirks to St. Boswell's. dr r »ved at the green, and exposed oestial m the most favourable jner he could ; but he found that [ y s price did not accord with the \- u T ofth e buyers, who probably J ; P ro Per to judge for them- • p 10 the question of value. The e f ssed, and Giles saw before "othing but the necessity of h' S l»e stirks back again to Kelaiis rni~if U . °P eration he by no thn As he stood musing toL apparentl y ,orlorQ hope ota tWh a ma " D much ' bent, evp il ?? » a »d a patch over his gi S . bl ? as the blind of him of g'Dg celebrity, /Blackpatch' himer e S a hi U m ?, t0 him > and ^ once stock Ti lght p0Unds , a head for 1U e J - old farmer wondered, smiled, and accepted. The bargain was struck, and forty-eight good pounds were instanter placed in the hands of the seller. ' Now I have a favour to ask of you, good Mr Ramsay,' said the buyer. ' It will be an unreasonable request I winna grant to ane wha has gien me my ainprice,' replied the farmer. * Whatris'l.?' ' That you will 1 drive the cattle home to Kelpiehauh, and keep them thiere at my risk and cost till I send for them,' said the other. 'Granted, an' with thanks,' said the farmer. * I have another favor to ask,* said the other. ' As mony's ye like, sir, if they're a' o' a kind,' answered the farmer smiling. ' Out wi't.' ' That you'll give me a bed at Kelpiehaugh to-night,' said the old man. ' I have a distance to rido, and would fain halve ithe stage, by making your bouse' a half-way resting placc. ' Ot a surety, sir,' replied the farmer; * ye'il hae the best bed and the best victuals Kelpiehaugh can boast o', and nae boast after a", though Matty, I am proud to say, kens hussy-skep as weel as ony woman in a' the shirradom. Will ye gang wi' me, or come yersel V ' I will come by mvself,' said the buyer. ' I have some other affairs to settle before the fair breaks up, and it may be later than your timo before I have finished..' The matter being thus arranged, the two parted. Giles was anxioui to know who his customer was ; but no one could tell anything of him, and the hour getting forward to the gloaming, he set off again for his 1 farm, with his forty-eight- pounds in: his pocket, and the cuttle before him. On his approaching Kelpiehaugh, Matty, along with her fair daughter, was at the door, waiting for him It was now dark ; but she could hear his voice in -articulations which pleased her not. ' Hey ! hey ! yaud ! yaud!' and then came the sound of a thwack on the backs of the lazy troop he was driviug before him. 'And ye've brought them back again, ye sorry simpleton V cried the wife. The husband answered nothing, but continued thumping at the nolt with his' hey,' and ' yaud,' and ' phew' —every ejaculation having the effect of an objurgatory attack on the dame herself. ' Ay, ay,' she cried, ' thump them and drive them into the shed, Giles, that they may be ready for the roup o' our plenishing and stocking. The auctioneer's hammer will knock them down wi' mair pith than that rung ye are using, wi' a' the spite o' an angry, disappointed man, wha couldna mak a sale o' his ain kye.' Her cutting words had still no effect upon the good- natured farmer, who continued his operations till he got the six steers safely lodged in their shed. He then came into the house quietly, and, with a ' heigh-ho, that job's weel owre,' sat him down by the side of the fire, opposite to his wife and daughter. For some minutes there was silence in the house of Kilpiehaugh; the reason whereof was that Matty's authority was lor once apparently disregarded, or set at uaught, by the apparent absence of all tokeus of fear and contrition ou the part of her mate. She had already indicated sufficiently her seuse of bis stupidity, and given him a peremptory notice of what he might expect for the next half-year to come; yet there was he, against all custom, and all the laws of marital subordination; sitting as easy and comfortable as if he merited her praise and- deserved her blessing. She could only look daggers at him, with occasionally an expression of staring wonder at a nonchalence that disproved twenty years of authority. ' Is there naething in Kelpiehaugh for its master to cat or drink V said he, at last, in a calm, soft voice- ' A hard day's wark deserves something at e'en.' 1 Is he adding impertinence to his folly V thought ihe dame, as she sat doggedly silent and immoveable. * Gome, Mary,' ad-'ed he ; ' since Matty will gae' us naething, rise, lassie, and gie your lather, the best that's in the house, and, by way o' bribe, here's a ne\y gown to ye—the bonniest and brawfest I could find at St. Boswell's.' The girl started up and laid hold of the dress. The bright hues glared on her eyes. The dame cast a sideglance on the gaudy article. * Waur and waur, Giles,' she ejaculated. 4 Are ye mad, man ? what in the name of a' that's guid or ill, possessed yc ? Will that gown pay our rent ?' ' May be it may,' rejoined Giles. Mary's the bonniest lass on this side o' the Tweed, and beauty's nae waur o' being weel buskit. It may bring her a husband wha'U pay our rent; and, if it dosna, there's nae skaith, seeing we may be able to do it oursels.' 'The man's as mad as a March hare, or a gled-stung qucy,' cried Matty. 'But am I to get nae supper, idalty?' rejoined he, with the same calmness. ' The deil a bit,' ejaculated the dainc. ' Maybe this may bribe ye,' said he, as he pulled out of another pocket a gown-piece, as bright as the other, for his beloved spouse. The charm had no power, save that of increasing the wonder of the dame; and ! the statement which immediately followed, that there was a stranger to be entertained at Kelpiehaugh that night, roused h6r still farther. It was not till she began to look mote 'narrowly into the face of her husband^ that she observed a dry humour about' him, that might be anything but the result of an unsuccessful attempbto dispose of his bestial, and, going up to him, she shook him heartily by the shoulders. ' Come, come, Giles,' she said, ' there's a sccret at the bottom o' a' this, and maybe this may explain And, seizing his pocket-book, she opened it, and pulled forth a bunch of notes They were counted on the instant, and the eyes of the dame brightened up at every addition to the calculation. The farmer explained all, and, in the course of his narration, Matty's wonder waxed great again. She was not altogether satisfied. She looked at the notes, to see that they were not forged ; glanced at Giles ; fell into a brown study; looked at Mary; hemmed and heved; and beg4n to make preparations for the stranger. In about an hour afterwards, the old customer arrived, was ushered in to the fire, and took his seat, while Giles went to look to the putting-up of his horse, which, he observed, was as clever and cleanlimbed a creature as that which carried the ' fair ladye' and ' true Thomas' over the Eildon Hills. The supper was, in the meantime, in the act of being served (up. The old man coughed and told stories, Mary listened, and Matty eyed her guest with' a peculiar expression, which made him ruli his beard, cough more and more, and retire further into the recess which he had taken possession of. Nor would the supper draw him forth; for he said lie had supped before he came, yet had he no objection to drink the ale which Matty handed him, and was as merry as an old man might be, who had seen so many summersas his beard betokened. Many a thing they taked of, but they all concerned the farmer, and his wife and daughter ; for the uever a word would he say ot himself, cither as to what lie was, or where he lived—the dry skeleton of a name, Mr Farquliarson, being all he gratified them with, while, in return, he asked so much of the condition and doings of his host and family, that one might have thought he intended cither to pay their arrears of rent, or marry the daughter, at the very least. The supper, of which he partook not, being ' done, he said lie wished not to pHt them about i-i their arrangements, and would be very wdl pleased to lie in the small bed behind him, unless that were set apart for some other of the family. ' That ye maun weel hac, sir,' said Matty on the instant, ' il yc Iiae a fancy to it. A smu' reward for the guid price ye gae for the cattle. Mary can sleep for a nicht in the ketchin—for Jenny is at St Boswell's, aud winna be home before the morn.' ' You will have only one night's trouble of me,' replied the old man ; ' but you may have more of the cattle—eight at least—and I think I will better pay you beforehand, Mr- Ramsay, that there may be no mistake when the men come to take them away.' And he put into the farmer's hand three times the sum lie would have demanded for the keeping of the steers. The farmer would have refused the money, but Matty, whose by-play ail along h&d; been unnoticed by her husband, pinched him on the arm, and tho words of rejection died away in his mouth. The parties afterwards retired to bed, leaviug the strange visitor in the apartment allotted him. ' I never did a better day's work, guidwife,' said the farmer to his partner, when they went up stairs. 'Hush! hush! mon, ye dinna ken what ye ha'e done/ replied she; and the next moment she was busy whispering something in the ear of the farmer. He started instantly, cried, 'Impossible, impossible!'and stood for a moment in dismay and consternation. But Matty gave him no, time tor thought. She was again "busy with his ear; and the next exhibition he made was of an opposite character—a strange expression was upon his face, and he slapped her on the back in the extravagance of a feeling that, whether betokening good-humour or not, seemed to have no bounds. In a short time, the house was as quiet as Grimalkin himself could have wished it, when bent on a hunting foray. All bad apparently gone to bed, and the stillness continued till considerably alter midnight. A low tap at the kitchen door showed that one individual was at least astir. ' Mary, Mary, are you awake ?' said a voice, that at least was uninterrupted by a cough. The answer was a whisper from within. After some parley, the door was opened, and a series of secret doings, amongst which the opening of the outer door of the house, a recourse to the stable, the saddling of the fleet horse, and other furtive preparations for a departure, were the most important. Daring all this time, the ligure of a female wrapped in a cloak stood in the recess of the door. The horse was quietly walked to the loan, and the mantled figure glided as secretly as a ghost who knows that the pimp Gallus will shortly awaken, to the starting-post. One swing brought her to the pad, and another placed before her one whom the light of the faint moon exhibited without a bend in his body or beard on his chin. Away they set— " On, on they rade, and farther on— The steed gaed swifter than the wind— Until they reach'd a desert wide, And living land was left behind." (To be concluded in our next0 