To he Editor of the Evening Herald. Sir, — I do not think your correspondent H. C. has sufficiently considered tho distinc tion between " Christianity, " which is a thing of human invention, and the teach- ings of Christ, which were of divine origin, — were of and from the Father. The Protean phantom called Christianity is preached in all the ohurcheB, I am well aware ; but the troths proclaimed by the Son of God are never heard of in their en tirety in any one of them, What are these truths ? 1\. That all mankind ore lying under con- damnation, by reason of centurieB of dis obedience and depravity. 2\. That, in order to escape annihilation, Or eternal death, each of us must be born again, before we finally quit the flesh. 3\. That to this end, self must die. 4\. That this extermination of self can only bo effected by the Father's Love, — this nature or essence, the Logos, Word, or Holy Ghost. 5\. That as man is impotent to add one cnbit to his Btature, so he is equally powerless to do anything whatever towards the crucifixion or destruction of self, This can only bo ac complished, as I have said, by the Fa- her. .. 6. That he who loves his life (i.e., his ani mal nature, or self) shall Ice it (i.e., shall perish) ; and he who hates his life in this world (i.e. , who surrenders self a willing sac rifice to the Most High), shall keep it unto life eternal. 7\. Nothing can enter heaven but that which came from thence ; and, therefore, none of us can reach it unless Belf is de stroyed, and our earthly "vessels" have be come the tabernacles of the Most High, and the dwelling place of His Holy Spirit. 8\. Self being dead, the atonement is made : that iB to Bay, we are at-one with the Father and the Son by the Holy Ghost ; the Son being the channel intermediary or medi ator, through whom the nature of the Father 1b transmitted to us, and by whom, therefore, we come to Him. _ 9. This Destruction of Self, and participa tion by us in the Divine nature, is very gra dually effooted, and is precisely analogeuB to the death of the seed and the birth of the flowers ; for the came law governs things spiritual as that which rules things physical. The corruptible disappears in the darkness of the earth, and the incorruptible emerges into the light of the sun. This was what Paul implied by the words, " I die daily," . < and what John the Baptist meant when he said, "Pfe must increase, and I must de crease," In other words, juBt in the propor tion that Self is burnt away within us by the fire of the Holy Spirit, does the Father take up His abode in us. 10, lo the world of mind or of spirit, as in that of so-called "matter," God does everything for hs, and we nothing. The ' voluntary surrender of self to be crucified is all He asks of ob, " His yoke is indeed easy, and His burden light 11\. This having been once effectually per formed by Him, wo are oompletely and per petually guided, instructed and sustained by Him ; and the sense of 'His nearness Is as vivid as if — to adopt an anthropomorphio expression — we -felt the touch of His hand, \- and heard the sound of His voice. This, Sir, is what was foreshadowed by the ' ceremonials of the Mosaic law, and what Christ taught and illustrated by his life and death. Unhappily it has been perverted by parsons and preachers, and misunderstood .and misrepresented by those whose minds have been killed by the "letter," instead of being ..vivified by the "spirit" of the Sacred Writings, whioh are a Bealed book to all to whom the Father baa not yet given the light. — Yours. A LOOKER-ON. Melbourne, 29th November. 