DIB TOD DYER STAHD UMPIRE AT A TOOT SAGE? (FBOH BAILY'fi KAGAZINl). Gentle leader)—for it Is only to a gentle reader that I would address my narrative— did yon ever stand umpire at a foot race? Once itwas my lot to do so, with great satis faction to myaelf and everybody else; bat that; was a milexaoa I pleasantly remember. A' hundred yards* taoe ia quite another thing— that will try your judgment and your nerve. i such as I particularly under ciroomstanoes shall have hereafter to relate. Onoe, indeed, Hwaemy lotto judge between two gentlemen \- amateurs they were—at that cntioad dis tance and my decision, if suoh It oould be nailed*, expoeed ma for some minutes to the risk of assaultat the hands id three Irish labourers who happened to be looking on, and had -nothing whatever to do with it; but on that occasion I put on a look of supreme indifference, and my bearing, which isj as t-tl st. ~ i_j _ : '1 natotolly luiatoomtt^ awed them totoaqqoiee . . .* aV*1^ h a aound^ti^ muSh as and< Government would' give him I . and all hisold enjoyments back again. ; And i me trfrmy grandfather, who was I prer anew, add to whose i^dtpili tian, whether he c tioaofmaObIneKy,thd vtxataqvmtio " Lbr the oooktng of a paUoakh a i * He diedbeforeIwasiO an d I never oonia hold an arsu him. Be was aj*>pular map, I i for oo tlM Monday of our annual w he had inviled everybody to dine with Ghadiyeehaonfinnday,tbebullfor vtottwtd 'OPpoelte ow drawing-nx loWj add my grandfather felt the oom: ^ moreover, dated the Influenoft oI. the recrea tion on tbe minds of men. , "Stop trail baiting 1" tousedtoany. "Let me ato you lupemsnts, and, 'em, air!" He said the boll liked it ; , bat be never mi tied to a Stake, end similia aftniUbtu, he never stood umpire at a hundred yards' footrace, or erperience might have altered his opinion. The occasion on which I felt the difficulty and the delicacy of the latter position occurred to me one morning in the beginning of March, when driving to cover on the turnpike-road between Birming ham and Bromsgrove, I beheld before me at , a certain celebrated level half- mile, some 200, | or 300 men, from whose boisterous demeanour and peculiar garb, although distinguished by much variety of detail, I inferred they were of active habits, and moving somewhat rapidly in the lower sphere of society. I had no desire to become intimate with them, and fully intended to pass them unheeded ; but I was frustrated. Forming across the road they summoned me to stop, enforcing their peremptory mandate by seizing my horse's bead. Feeling that the odds in the event of a personal encounter were against me, I made a virtue of neoeBsity and pulled up. " the meaning of so uncivilised a proceeding. A gentleman in a fur cap enlightened me at once, "Whoy.sur, we have gotten a bit of a ra-aoe 'twixt a Wolv'rampton mpn and a Brum'agem mon, and want a humpire: the Wolv'rampton men won't have a Brum'agem mon, and the Brum'agem men won't have a Wolv'rampton mon; so we've 'greed to stop the first gen'leman as js a gen'ieman as comes along the road; and you're the fust we've seed, and you'll have to do it" " It's all very fine," I said; " but it's out of my line altogether. I know nothing about such things, and few I should not give satisfaction." "That he blowed," Baid furry cap, "any fool can tell who's fust" "Just so, my Mend," said I; "any fool can tell who'8 fust; but as I do not at present set myself down in that category, I may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity of the transaction, disappoint yon." " None o'yer patter, guv'nor, said a thin, white-faced fellow, who I fancied was from town. " Stow that!" said half a dozen others; "you're right enough." "Yon ain't such a fool as you look." "Youll be right enough; you ainTt got nothing on it, and there ain't toime to square yer now." "Out you come." And amidst such flattering and encouraging remarks, I reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best I took, or rather I was shoved into my post "It's a hundred yards' race," Baid a gentleman who took upon himself the office of my instructor. " A cove down yonder '11 fire a pistol; and you've got to see who touches this 'ere string fust" "I understand," said I; "I under* : stand: thank you very much." "The Brum'a gem mon's got A red handkercher round i i bis 'ed : the Wolv'rampton mon's got a : blue 'un." "Aye, I see; very good." The piBtol was fired, and off they went at a rat tling hundred yards' pace. "Now blue!" " Now red 1" Now one's nose is half an inch , first; now the other's; wriggle wriggle,' i bound, step out wriggle wriggle again, and. amid uproarous shouts and cries of " Blue!" —" Red! red! red" Blue!: blue!" the > string was home away, and the goal was passed. One was first I am sure of that but red and blue passing and repassing each other In qnick succession dazzled me. and. for my life, I could not sav which. Had I been a man of firmness, by nature, or used to such affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on the instant; bat alas J.I was neither. Conscientious withal, I took time to consider. We know what place is paved with good intentions,' and I was thinking of it and redly meaning to be very just, when I was rndely ronsed by a push, and,. " Now then!—who's fust?" from 50voices, proceed ing from as many bony jaws.. "bet me con sider," said L " Oh, it wants no considering." "Say red, or HI fill yer eye op!" "Bine, you fool! say blue!" said a collier-looking man; " blue, or 1'U crack yer nut!:" and so on, tall quite bewildered, I bethought myself i to say, "Dead beat!"—bethought myself, I-say, ' and luckily Ididno more. They read it in my ; eye. " None o' yer dead heats," said' about a hundred, "or well kill-yet!.' None-o'that j mind." I' triad to smile benigplyt on my | persecutors, but' fancy I looked vesy like a 1 ghost and Bhonld'bave abandoned! myself to despair had I known how to set'about it when suddenly a voice, friendly, but un musical, whispered gruffly iinmy ear. " Mister . 1 I know you; you know me—I'm Ben Terry. Say red—that's Brum'agem; it's all right—there's 'nough on us 'ere to pull yer through it Get in the middle on us, and ray red." I looked at my friend, and trusted bim—I would have embraced him, but I had not time. So, following his advice, I got behind him, and shouted " Red!" with might and main. "Red!" shouted Ben, echoing my decision in a most confirmatory tone. "Red, you ( Any on yer want anythink?" As I was hoisted into my vehicle, the little crowd was surging considerably, and I thought I saw a fight or two, but having something else of more importance on my mind, namely, my own safety, I drove away. Since that lime I have avoided level half miles on my way to cover. Boxing,—Mr. Joseph Kitchen, the well known and scientific exponent of the art of boxing, Is anxious to express his thanks to his friends for their kind welcome on bis re turn to the colony, also for the purse of sovereigns presented to him at Goyder's Hotel. 