THE ANNUAL UNITED PRAYER MEETINGS. A. meeting was held on Monday morning, at the Temperance Ball, to arrange for the United Prayer Meet* isgs usually held at the commencement of each year. There were present ministers representing the various Evangelical Churches in the oity and suburbs. ' ' The Bev. J. Gtaliam was called to the chair ^and after prayer, offered by the Bev. J. Gosh, the Bev. A. Webb read the invitation reoeived from the Evangelical Allianoe to nnited prayer throughout the world, together with the list ot .topics. . v The Bev. Dr. Steel eaid that the first question was — shall the meetings be continued, the response given to the invitation being last year eo partially responded to P It was ultimately agreed to hold the week of prayer in conjunction with the Evangelical Churches throughout the world, and that it be brought to a termination with a united Communion Service, to be held in Pitt-street Congregational Church, The meetings were arranged to be held in the York street Wesleyan Church, St. Barnabas' Sohoolroom, the Bathurst'street Baptist Chapel, and the St. Stephen's Pres byterian Church, and the Bevs. Canon Smith, G. Martin, Dr. Beg, and F. Hibberd, were nominated to deliver the respective addresses, and the Bev. J. Graham to preaoh the sermon at the Communion Service, It was resolved that the suburban churches should be invited to make arrangements amongst themselves for like meetings. The following is the invitation for week of united prayer throughout the world, viz,, January 5-12, 1873 :— Beloved Christian Brethren of all nations,— The time has arrived for sending you our usual fraternal invita tion to observe the annual week of prayer at the commencement ef the new year. For the last twenty-six years God has put this honour upon Bis people associated in the Evangelical Alliance, viz., to .bring together in ' prayer and supplication ' all, in every land, who call upon ' the same Lord, both theirs and ours.' It will be in the remembrance of many of you that at the forma tion of the Alliance in 1846, among the resolutions unanimously passed by the gteat assembly of Christiana of many different nations which met in London, was the following: — ? ' That it be recommended that the week beginning with the first. Lord's Day of January in each year be observed by the mem bers and friends of the Alliance throughout the world, as a season for concert in prayer on behalf of the grand objects contemplated by the Alliance.' That recommendation went forth throughout the world, and was at first to a mere limited extent, but afterwards very gene rally adopted. In consequence, each succeeding year has been ushered in with the simultaneous offering of united prayer in almost every land, by Christians of all nations, 'agreed touching the things they ask of God.'. Known to you also, beloved brethren, is the still increasing ob servance of this annual week of united prayer. How hallowed and refreshing have been the meetings of Christians of every same united in Christ, atd united in the true Church of the living Cod. How remarkable, also, have been the events of Divine Providence, confirming our belief in the promise that the united prayers of God's people shall never be presented in vain. In proof of. this, and as calling for devout and grateful acknowledge ment, we would venture to remind you of the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon the Churches, more especially manifested in the religious awakening and revival which have visited different lands : the opening of deors ' wide and effectual ' for preaching the everlasting Gospel in Italy, Spain, France, Sweden, Austria, and elsewhere ; the overthrow of slavery in America, Holland, and Russia ; tne weakening of Papal supremacy, aad of the power of Antichrist among European nations ; and the progress of re ligious liberty throughout the world. Although we do not appro priate these striking passages in Divine Providence as the immediate or the special consequence of our supplications, no devout mind will fail to see in them great encouragement to renewed prayer. ' Great and marvellous are thy works, Lord God Almighty. Thine is the greatness, and the power, and the victory, and the majesty : now, therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise Thy glorious name.' Thus encouraged to continue the good work which the Church of Christ has put its hand unto, we invite you in much'affcction and earnestness to ' come boldly unto the Throne of Grace,' on succeeding days of the first week in January next, to come in fel lowship with all who love onr Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, ' re membering that His presence is promised wherever two or more assemble in His name ; and that passing events, and the spiritual wants of all our Churches and of all nations, call upon us at this timeto unite as one host to cry mightily unto the Lprd, ever ? mindful of His command that supplications, prayers, and inter cessions and giving of thanks be made for aU men. for Ws, and fvio ' v* ® ' ' * ? for this is geod and ac ceptable in tbn 0{ God our Saviour who viu fcave aU men ? to pe saved, asd to come unto the knowledge of the truth.' The .following topics are suggested as suitable for exhortation aud prayer on the successive days ef meeting : Sunday, January 5.— Sermons t1— Subject : The foundation, security, and universal, extension of the Christian Church. Monday, January 6. — Devout acknowledgment : Remembrance of God's mercies to the nation ; to families, and to the Churches : providential and spiritual blessings to ourselves; confession of sin. Tuesday, January 7.— Prayer : For Christian Churches ; their increase in love, activity, fidelity to the truth, and the clearer manifestation of the unity in the faith ; for ministers, missionaries, snd evangelists. Wednesday, January 8. — Prayer: For families; for sons and daughters of Christian parents ; for a blessing on home influence, and on the services and ordinances of ' the Church of God for schools, colleges, and universities; for children at sea or In foreigr. lands : for young men in business and professions; for servants; ana for all in sickness and tribulation. Thursday, January 9.- Prayer: For nations; for kings and all in authority ; for the maintenance of peace ; for increase of righteousness ; for the spread of religious liberty ; for the growth of sound knowledge ; for contentment, concord, and good-will among all classes ; for the discernment of God's hand in national judgments; and for the removal of intemperance, immorality, and the sins which are ' a reproach to any people.' Friday, January 10.— Prayer, for Mankind : For the circulation cf the Holy Scriptures and the spread of pure literature; for the overthrow of all forms of tyranny and oppression ; for the re moval of every form of Antichrist ; for all prisoners and captives ; and for the increase of that Kingdom which is ' righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' Saturday, January 11. — Prayer : For Sunday schools ; for mis sionary, tract, and other religiouB societies ; for the raising up and sending forth of more 'labourers into His harvest :' and for the removal of hindrances to the spread of the Gospel and the conversion of the world. Sunday, January 12.— Sermons : ' Let the whole earth be filled with His glory. Amen, and Amen.' 