A SOUTH SHIELDS GHOST STORY. One of the most famous of these haunted mansions is in the Old Hall, in West Hoi born, South Shields, former-y the residence of some"rich shipowner, who at present is forgotten. It hasjong IosL its aristocratic standing, and beqn let out in tenements, part of it being now occupicd as a public house, so that . the most incredulous tee totaller may well believe it to be a rendez vous of evil spirits. A lady, whom I know, lived in it for some t ime, and she and all her family used to hear and see strange things in it. Dreadful deeds must have been perpetrated some time or other in its spacious and once splendid, but now ghostly rooms. On one of the grand mantlepieces she tells me there are the marks of two bloody fingers and a thumb, which no chemical art known to her mother, who waB a notable housewife, up to nil sorts of domestic economy, could effiico. Scrubbing and scouring bad no effect, and even through successive coats reappeared. So true is it that the stains of murder are indelible, and that when everything else is silent the very walls ory out. 1'he finger marks are doubt less those of some female victim of lawless ness, for the shade of her who impressed them is sometimes seen. One night Mrs 0- could not sleep, so she sat up in bed reading. ""About midnight she saw, to hor astonishment, a tall handsome lady.dre3sed in white, with a soarlefc waistband, glide across tho room, from a door which was always shut up, towards one of the windows on the other side, where she disappeared. She mado no sign, however, nor intimated any wish to disclose her secret. ? -But the spot where she disappeared might have afforded some clue had it been searched; for beneath the Bill of that window-a huge old-fashioned affair-there was a recess that' nobody thought of prying into. ? Through a knot dropping out of the wood there was a hole in this place, down which small arLiclea such as thimbles, cotton balls, &c;, were constantly falling, and though often stuffed lip in various ways, it very often got open again." One of the family undertook one ' day to fish the things up with a hooked wire. He did so, and with them drew up lots of beetles and other vermin, such as infest graves, an indication, one would think, oE what was below. " Mrs C- regrets to this day that she did not cause the sill to be raised. But it was not that room alone that gave the house a bad name. My informant once saw what she fancied to be the ttppari tton of a soldier standing at the head of the stdir, and others of the family at different times Baw him likewise. There was one apartment in the house which no soul ever entered, barring of course disembodied souls, for of such it was deemed to be the, favorite haunt. No earthly tenant would have it for nothing, so that it remained shut up from year end to year end. What was in it beside the'ghosca nobody ever knew or dared investigate, for even to peep through a keyhole would have needed more courage than most people possess. Strange noises were held in it occasionally, as if the ghostB were kicking up a racket among themselves. Perhaps a hidden treasure lay under the floor, with the mouldering bones of mur dered men. The elements had free entrance to it, for not a pane of glass was loft in the window, the door -was nailed up fast, and the .window so situated that it . would have been difficult to get a glimpse through it into the interior. -Liverpool Courier 