®tt and ^ljnt0^ Union Jacks — Sailor friends. Rapid Consumption — Bolting one's food. New name for a Fog— The. air apparent. Where should us;ly girls go to? To 'Sweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain.' Can a naive reply be considered an honest answer? HThe Tichborne bonds — The bolts and bars of Newgate. A bachelor is politely described as a man who has neglected his opportunity of making some poor woman miserable. * ' You cruel man,' cried Mrs. Jellikins, ' my tears hare no effect on you at alL' ' Well, drop 'em, then, ' said the brn tal Jellikins. ? A Chicago actor who was -addicted to the use of the flowing bowl was alluded to as a living specimen of the mellow drammer. - : ** You will grow up ugly, Ada, if you make faces. ' ' Did you make faces when you were a little girl, auntie?' An Indiandpolis paper says that a banquet in ?hat city was opened with prayer by the Rev. Emsley Hamilton, 'whisky ganger for the Seventh District.' There is only one daily paper in San Fran oiscQ that cannot boast of having a libel suit oh. hand — and its first number has not yet ap peared.— iTew York Herald. A thief recently stole a coat which had been hung across the fence to be disinfected of small pox. He was arrested, put in jail, and ' broke out' the next day. A. gentleman who got home a night or two since in an elevated condition, tried to persuade his wife that his desultory gait was owing to the fact of his being dressed in diagonal clothes. A minister asked a tipay fellow, leaning up against a fence,' where he expected to go when he died. '-HI can't get along any better than I do now,' he said, ' I shan't go anywhere.' A plumber has on his sign ' Cast-iron sinks, all sizes.' An intoxicated individual, in pass ing, managed to spell the words out, and, torn ing on his heel, said, '? Well, who (hie) says it doesa't?' . An aged colored man made an application for food at Washington, claiming it as a constitu tional privilege. ' Why,' said he, ' I under-: stan' dars provisions in de Constitootion for de colored folks, and I haven't had de fust crumb.' ? .? A female Justice of the Peace in Wyoming has kept herself in pin money for some time past by fining her husband in her official capacity whenever be committed a domestic contempt df Court. ' .:'.'' A lady who has a pretty hand is anxious to learn whether some people are more, liable to. V burn their .fingers'' than, others : tb.tdu.gb. their having taper ones. It is difficult to say: bqt it would be advisable not to let a --sparki- get at them. . When Madame Schneider was engaged for an opera boufft season recently, the manager ..de murred to her exorbitant terms, remarking that her income would be higher than that of a mar shal of France. ' Wjell, then,' saidshe, ' let a marshal of France sing for you.' A man in the oountry was taken'dangerouBly ilL He sent for his wife to come at once and. nurse him. Now, the wife's mother was sick, too, and she sent this dispatch to her languish ing husband :--%'; Dear Timi-T&piEbter; is ,^jk— I can't leave her. 'Do the best yd.ucanl ,'' fi--you die send your. body home.' One evening in company, daring conversation, a gentleman quoted the -expression, that ' Man proposes, and God disposes.' 'Yes,' said a maiden present, '.» man proposed, to me once. I said no, and I have never seen him since. X thought somebody baa disposed of him.' Mal-apbopos. — A correspondent calls Judy's attention to the fact that on a house-front near her palatial residence in Fleet street, on Thanks giving Day, there appeared ia gold letters tin a scarlet ground, the line (presumably from; the National Anthem)— ? r . ' On her be pleased to pour.' - -. Judy is very glad it didn't. She means the :- rain. '? ?'?.... : . -'—ft* ? A patient complained to his physician that he ? .--' was pursued by a ghost the night before, as* he ' ' was going home from the , tovern. ' What shape was it?' asked the. doctor. 'In ihe shape of an ass,' replied the man. 'Go home,' said the doctor, 'and keep sober. Yeu were tipsy last night, and frightened by your own shadow.' - . '.'-..'; On a wet, miserable, foggy day in autumn, Charles Iamb was accosted by a beggar woman. 'Pray,. sir, bestow a little charity upon a poor destitnte widow woman who is perishing [for lack of food. ' Believe me, %ir, I hate seen better days.41 ' So have I,' said Lamb, Tianfling the poor creature a shilling j 'so nave I, it's a miserable day. Good-bye.' - ' That's Good.' — In the House df Commons 'Paper ' for Leap Year Day was the following amusing item : — ' Public Committees ' far Thursday, 29th February, 1872.— 2. Habitual Drunkards (to choose Chairman, and consider course of proceeding), at 3 o'clock, Boom No. 16.' Mr. Punch forgot to look into RoomJ.6, to see how the Habituals were getting on. ;He wonders whom they choose. Their course of proceeding, of course, was to lay en' messengers to the Refreshment department, with orders of more or less coherence. Well done. Collective Wisdom.— Piincft. In a letter to his doctor on ' vaxination,' a Cincinnati man wrote : — ' If vaxinnafidn or vaxumating was to Prevent a person from getting this decease & can convince me of it You would have got my two sisters — &— vaxinnated before this time But I do not believe in this Merraccul, &have; no confidence in it. if Provi dence whiches to lay a Person Sick in bed. no matter what decease it is — I trust in him, and have confidence in him that he can Relieve them and also Prevent the decease.' . During President Grant's stay at Pittsburg, the ladies of the district paid their respects to him at Monongahela House. A gentleman in troduced a very pretty girl, but added play fully, ' She is a Democrat, General.' The old gentleman kissed her on both cheeks, adding with great glee, ' I always kiss, the Democrat ladies twice — there are so few of themT^' Why, had it not been for the ladies £ should not have been where I am. I owe my success to them.' 'General,' said a gentleman standing by, ' I wish you would appoint me Chairman of the Kissing Committee.' 'Colonel,' Tep'ied 'he, ' dbn't you know the old saying— if we want a thing done we send our man to do it ; but if we want it well done, we do it ourselves.' A Paris correspondent tells the following story : — At 6, Eue Mont Thabor, once upon a time, there was an office for a certain Mexican loan, which, perhaps, as an investment, was not so strictly remunerative as might have been wished -by the shareholders. In fact, arrears were and are due; and the office having been closed for time, all hope of a dividend was at an end. The other day light was let into the shop, and that event let hope into the minds of the shareholders. An English Company, it was whispered, had taken the place, and guaranteed! payment. Everything looked rosy. The office was open ; enter a man with pocket-book and papers. 'You are English?', .' 'Yes, , sir.' 'Then I require four pounds, sir.' 'Very good, sir, four pounds. Will monsieur have it mixed?' 'Oh, as to that, it is nothingif X get it.;' Five minutes elapse, and a large parcel is offered. 'Ah, it is copper?' 'No, sir, perfectly pure.' Then came the explanation. The English company which had succeeded, to the Mont Thabor Office was a Tea Company, and they had guaranteed the goodness of the cup which cheers but not inebriates, not the -payment of the accrued dividends of a loan, The shareholder went away tearing his hair, and explaining the mistake to his brother' sufferers. 