ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, Ac. [For gome wtaki the following rtandkg •fivertuemeat Waybwvebeen read in 4rgv»: "lit. fnd.ll^Bennett, nM |Bg Baynor. The above talented Emriiih artin« are now em rotte lor Melbourne, and pUjing te crowded and enthwlastfc audianooi in Bombay. Will snivel* JbJtyaMt* 1 ijeaving tiro dxriooa iitwtudftgr of ttto •"* noonoemeintbn one and notendeaTOOi* ing to explain tiro somewhat contradictory statement that Ifaia lady and gentleman woo playing in Bombay and were |«t teavelling te mbpmb, an| only pimpta* to i teat' their nimes are Jfc and re1, flenpen, fret Bmmetii „,jt |s to ** ^corded feaiLjtc, and tire Berete •«* .£ iflitdto'Irigkij 'TbeiWodiirefc" , .. IfMr, and Mr£Bennee really were Ptyj!$£ t > *'crowded, andentbosieBtic bonwi fc;: 1 ombsy, itl« T«rj roach to be tegrettedft^ ; t rob own tefceMwIto should hare o6|te t > Melbourne,'«grea»WM c roifded. '■ that tropic t pon Ahlt jadJJjtf'jL tetiie case/ tudy i ate ttm'| t rowifore m t int Jolt not bunt dot * t Dialled, {late"whetetn' ft 10 a ^^hfatdonic excellence. It may besaid ^fl that we have had the verybest acting at ^Thonrne We bavehad mdst efficient *? ?ipanies, and we have had sfcarjrwith stock ftnd we have not spited oaf repute time, either • bechdse °fCactr was an old favourite^ or ^ *! of bis successful career elsewhere. Squently. we judge according to high •fords of comparison whoever combs "IS* us, and though we are always ready am° nBider explanatory circumstances in mi »» 0f an adverse opinion, we ate not v.g " H to bate an adverse opinion when there JJPJo mitigating circumstances at all. AM ffem are surely none in the P^nt instance 5, and Mrs. Bennee have not been forced • Msunearing in Melbourne. They have had ™nch time as they chose to take to prepare H!r this first appearance, and, therefore, when "51 come less prepared than some stock Srs who may have had three days to get Selves np in the parts, one cannot help tendering what sort of an estimate they must have formed of the Melbourne people, and what v;Jd of judgment the Bombay crowded and enthusiastic audiences must have. You win Jlfceive that I am just now confining myself Ta consideration of what may be regarded «merely mechanical stage-competency. I Snot expect every actor who plays Hamfet " _lttV it as Walter Montgomery did. He „i«y it considerably inferior to the Montgomery degree, and yet play it weU. It „aT not even be his fault that he plays it less excellently. The nascitur nan fit condition applies to actors as weU as to poets. But we may tolerate good versification even when it noBEesses no quality of poetry. When, however, there is neither poetry nor good versification, we call the production by hard names, and desire the writer to Bend us no more of it If Mr. Bennee had given ns a respectable reading of Hamlet; if he had shown a faultless acquaintance with the text; if he had exhibited a critical knowledge of those parts of it upon which there has been profitable controversy ; if he had proved him self a respectable elocutionist; if he had mani fested a power of discernment in the represen- 1 tation, going through the " business" with an endeavour to make the most of j fiie meaning of the situation; if he had done all this, and more, he might still have failed to prove himself other than a very ordinary actor. But as he has done none of all these things, and as his acting is that of a crude and inexperienced amateur, his in trepidity in appearing before a Melbourne andience is simply amazing. I have seen many Hamlets, both professional and amateur, but I do not remember ever to have seen one which gave me so little satisfaction as this of Mr. Bennee's. And yet he has some advan tages which might help him to a kind of success in it—other things being equaL His figure is well proportioned, and hiB action not ungraceful. His voice is not unmusical, and thongh he has no power, ench as would help him through "Othello" and "Richard the Third," he has a general habitus which ongbt to be of service to him in the representation of cha racters not requiring great emphasis. But his deficiencies in other particulars are so considerable, that his natural advantages do not seem to help him. I could readily believe that he had been forced into the profession of acting, and that he acted ill in order to convince those who so forced him, that nature never intended him for an actor. It will be,observed that I have preferred to judge him. principally by his Hamlet It is a better test-part than the one in which be made his first appearance; though if I were asied what I thought of his Claude, I might reply that I never saw Claude all through the pisoe. I saw a tolerably well-looking gentleman, dressed in fancy costume, walking on and off the stage, and I heard him preach a good deal. But of the meaning' of the character, contemptible though it is from a purely dramatic point of view, I learned nothing. Of Mrs. Bennee I desire to say as tittle as possible. Nature never intended her for an actress, and art has not helped her to do what Nature was unwilling to effect for her. She has mistaken the desire for the power to succeed, a common case enough. It is quite possible that Mrs. Bennee may be a most amiable and intelligent lady, and worthy of Qie esteem of those who enjoy the pleasure of her society. But it is her misfortune that the current of her life has flowed In the direction of the stage, and especially of the Melbourne stage. It is as unpleasant to me to deny myself the ngreeableness of praising her aa it is doubtless disappointing to her to feel that praise is withheld. If I could have picked out one item of exoeUenoe in all she nv v two characters of Pauline and uphejia, I would have given it all the Prominenoe that Is possible to me to give it f.,1 could have persuaded myself that the failure of this IaJv ud inS., hR?e VdWie uo- If I could hai S? -any erctue on the aoore tof the Zhurriedly, or hi pasts < [™Pos?lMe for them to have studied ton iDwrt oi Perfect in, Ishouid have bee 2 ^!0tal^ the:exca8e' B*t »a'»Ti nSLii J*0*" .luid "Hamlet" most < Pe»Mv!L * wiailn' the compass >of OWN ?2L MtD°tely belonging to the at* tnirfty S Wlth *Vet3r theuteX ,^n|f themselves fatoiliar wit a? i1'I)iC£^fstoh' *?them< they failed I Gr6rille,8b6nfiteW,^n the ** M contemplate ^ undoubtedly to content themselv es with f tock engagements. I have no desire » to say it Offensively, bat it is only right I should say that we have, in the stock companie s of this coloby, very much better actors and {actresses than Mr, and Mrs. Bennee, and their wisdom jwCtild Bhow itself best in a wEUingness to work np the ladder as theiie have done. In time, probably, our managers prill discover that it is much better to en courage the real talent we have acaong us, ihto to import talent of s6 infinitesimal a kind, that it requires something morn than a microscopical eye to discover it. i Thus of the stars. Of the lightt i which, being no stars, yet shine mnch more' brightly than Bach stars do; let it be said that Mr. Ireland played the King in "Hamlet," and played it with his wonted dignity and intelli gence ; that Mrs. Bryer played the Qaeen for the first time—as I think—and played it not til; that Mr. Greville was first grave- digger— and who so good a grave- digger as he ? That Mr. Appleton was Laertes, and bore himself with his accustomed conscientiousnts ; that Mr. Dnnn was Polonius, and that "When he died he made a prolonged impressioo i on the audience; that Miss Forde was Osi ic, and that she did more than average Justice to the character; and that Mr. Warde, th ongh he did not look very ghostly, played the ghost with uneven correctness, as an experienced actor like him should. On Tuesday, as has been mention ed, Mr. Greville's benefit took place. It would be difficult to mention anybody more doserving of a good benefit than Mr. Greville, and so he had one as he deserved, notwithstanding the unfavourable weather. The pieces , on the occasion were—"The Taming of a Shrew,'' with Mr. and Mrs. Bennee in the p rincipal parts, the little comedy of " Checkmate," and between these " The Artful Dodge," v/ith Mr. Coppin, of course, as Demoethenc is. In "Checkmate "the two female characters were played respectively by Miss Sb epparde and Miss Carey. The former of thai le ladies confirmed,-if that were necessary, the impres sion which other of her characters have created, that for a certain high-comedy quality she has no rival now on the Melbourne stage, and Miss Carey had plenty, of opportu nity for showing that rollicking hnmour which, when she will trust altogether to her own powers, she is so well able to exhibit The other parts were cast substantially as they .were when the comedy was pi osented some months ago at the Theatre Royid. Last night, at the- hall, Mr. Coppin. was to take his benefit and to deliver an iuidress, historically interesting, on the past se ason at this boose. And, Indeed, in the futon >, when our new theatres are in foil operation, we shall look back with a little wonder ut what has been done there under such very un: favour able circumstances. ; Last night was to be for the benefit «of Miss Boshe and Miss Milne, and "The Flowers of the Forest," with Miss Shepparde as 1 liami, was to be the principal attraction. The Polytechnic flourishes, in spiite of difficulties, and so it ought, considering the plnck with which the management etirryit on. On Monday, Mr. Douglass tooifc his benefit in Belphegor; which he played m > well as to compare not unfavourably witfc i Mr. Clarance Bolt, the best representative of the character I ever saw. The dramatic season at the Princesa't i will open on Monday evening with an ori ginal drama by Mr. Marcos Clarke, called " I 'lob" Gaston D'Herblay, an intriguing priest, has become possessed of the secret that iijouis XIV. has a twin brother a prisoner in the Bastille. D'Herblay is ambitions, and be comes general of the Jesuits, intending;, by means of the power conferred npon hii n by the order, to take the prisoner from, his dungeon and plaoehimon the throng claim ing as* reward the Popedom. One of thj> in struments by whom he intends to acoomjilish this design is Belle Isle, then Prime Minister of Franoe, who happens to love Lonise de la, Valli&re;, the King's mistress. D'Herjjblay contrives that Louis shall find Belle Islej on hfs knees before La Valli&re;, and has alre ady so incensed the Xing that the rain of j the rash Minister Is resolved upon. By means of a forged order of release the prisoner! Is removed from his dungeon and -brought to the gardens of the King's palacet where^ in shonld be a most effective scene, the Lt carries off Louis from the middle1 of guards, and when they return, alarmed ! at i outcries, strips the cloak from the ahaijal ot bm released prisoner, and preset its 3m to the bout as their King, As ithe ro brothers ate exactly like each other, a. ad e prisoner has been dressed in the Kid clothes, all are satisfied. This deoepti sfooessfuily accomplished, it only remains r D'Btoblay to enUst in hb cause the arrest MirdstBr.T^faedbeSby bringing h aj pardon 'from the. (mock) King; % ValHfere, who has overheard enoq plqt to make her' sospicM thBtocretffojn Belle Ida, and.In iweiful scene preyalla qpon him to prt ' bye for jher by caving the man., whom' § j Iqves.. In tfaemeantiine the instrnment; Herhlay, Philippe, is enacting thb' pa: arid in the midst Of a trtump1 Itton by him of D'Herblay s sei' Itie returris, andwithhim the itad King. Aa the hvro' brothers! like th$ olhbir) l^d^ai&SMt; strange-looking glaril wMohWthusheld " them, D'JIertjlay sbes thathjs plot; , andti^toeecspe,thfeatenlDg tb lit would unpede hlhi with thevengea tita rSligfbat prdCr to wtaoh he beldg 'I' at .'1hb bade' of jOm) btbge;' thdrawn,ana the battlements of j£hp c'a r tthowrilined *i& Mldlyw, ' rimmmcf ned im that Paris, whiob lies Bleeping' in the Aground, by the faithful Minister. ''The It iabaffied, bat not disgraced. 'No h tod touch Him save bis Own, and ai the to- whbm' he has given a id iort dl royalty falls upbu his bwast? €b ,bshlms«lf,-and 'dies a viotim to his f <#n jpfatoe U.written with, a view to rifage effect Mr. Henninigs has painted too soenea of old Paris (one by moonlight), and has assisted in the production of one of those charming garden scenes for which he iB noted. The situations are effective, especially that in which the change of the King for the prisoner is contrived, and that in which the two brothers meet faoe to face. Mr. Stoart O'Brien takes the part of D'Herblay, and Miss Jnno plays the twin brothers. At the Thames (N.Z.), of date July 15, Mr. Hoskins was evoking mnch praise for his performance of Richelieu, and the critic of the Evening 86ar had discovered that, " for rhythm, for sound, for poetry produced by harmonious wo:rds, Lord Lytton has no eqnal." At a later date Mr. Hoskins was playing Hamlet, which had evoked bnt a qualified kind of praise. Miss Golville's Queen is well spoken of, and Mrs. Walter Hill's Ophelia is described as "almost abso* lute perfection." So that Mrs. Hill most have improved a good deal if this critic is right. Mons. Schmidt and Madame Ther&se; were also at the Thames, dancing the Can-can as an afterpiece. "Ifhe Octoroon" was an. nonnced, withMr. Bloskins as Salem Scudder, and Miss Colville as Zoe. TAHITE. 