[?] " i; i THEIR PUNISHMENT. " Peccfiy'h '< t'ailmit ic.'at'onoc.'. ; But my una matt ifcri 1 been very ; boarietbf ;, n .' deeper dyei'tbablam conao ious of, to meritsuoh'.a Now. however, I have i» Bublim'e faith that I can begin life, again with a- olear page. I ani snrel ihnBt be'aa wbolly'aa the beat Loioeater. I have a oonviction that ab- eolation fov anything that ia paat must be granted after suoh a penance. ' I walk erect before ' my follow men' with; a ; Mioawberiah uprigbtneaa, atrong in tho confidence that the moat exacting of judges would inflict no further penalty after thia that 1 have under- gone. For, uiyj sine — I.khow they are many,' biit I' did not think they were' of so deep a; (jyeJ-formy .eiris,';I aay, I was sent on eome buaineBS to '-an np oonntrytown. ' I am npt going , to disojfoae'ji; tho . natnre of tho deiioate ' mission with which I was on.' trusted.. . It ..does .not matter i to : yon; my reader, whether'I Went to /look after 'a " Groat Extended Hprmit," or an "Elongated Dead Cat .whethbi'I was. prompting a " Conquering Hero, "(.or floating a "Great Weatorn." Not'will I'jietray, the place of my exile. I don't want to loao my few re maining locks. It winbo. sufficient for mo to aay my:busineaB required 'daylight— twodays — and . that I had, as',,1'16 ebpks say, the "eveningB to myself." I dare say evenings to herself aro pleasant ORppgh to cookie when she' ;:has. John Thomas tp yllirt with; or is "keeping' company" with Jeiimos Pitz Jamoa. Bnt:I? didn't nppreoiate -the luxury. Pirat I'm not 'a cook, second I'm net " keeping company." I was in a strano town among strange peoplp. I didn't ",know a soul,, or body. I had dined at'sirf', apd wasn't pre pared to go , to bed at eight., . I was not clear as toiwhat.to do' with myself. ! 'There was no need to hunt for solitude, for, I'd got it with-- out hunting. I; walked about tho town as far as I eoiild see houses, and had beholden no sign of life except such, as were visible from hotel bars. . I went into' "brief, or two. I found email' partiea of men, who evidently knew one another, arid as evidently did npt want to 'know, any one else. I.don't think I looked' a good mark for placing "Gentle Annies" or.a parcel of "Miss Nightingales, "so I was mot cultivated by Bharobrpkers. I'm going , to. take you, my reader, ' into ray inmost confidence. M oonless, I don't play billiards. Thoreforo that rosourco"for an unknown arid idle man was cut oflfeom mo. My transcendnnt abilities as a whistlst wcro not available, as I know no one.. At' tho hotel where I was staying 'there wore tpo'-books. One was a dilapidated essay on optics, ovi dently impounded for an unpaid traveller's bill, and the .other a fly-specked edition of the Whole Duty of Man,", probably an " air b'looh " in the landlady's family. My intelleotu >1 stomach is eaprioious and deli cate, '.'and"' refused to assimilate either of these tough iriorsols of literature. A bright idea seized me. There mast be a Mechanics' Institute or a Free library, or something of that-kind. I would find it out. I would look at the Qriarterly and the IllustratedB and skim over Punch again. I inquired — I found the placo, and I entered. The room was not very largo, and there wero about five or six people seated all more or less uncomfort- ably -on the most uncompromising of forms, and "the most unyielding of 1 chairs. "I seteoted : a.' chair whioh looked J-"1- a' shade loss vindictivo than the , rest, , and deposited myself carefully. I thought those chairs must have been " fed on rooks," arid that the owner ought not to leave them knocking round. Thoy hurt people. I took up a raagazino, and had just settled myself as' comfortably as the rock-fed chair would permit to peruse an article on " Going to bed)" when a sandy-haired Scotchman, evi dently an Aberdonion, came up. _ " Yo'ro a stranger, I'm thinking, are ye no?"' I admitted tho depressing fact, I wasn't sure but he would call in some brither Scots to " kick un," after a Cornish fashion one hears of, "Then ye'U no ken this readin' room's for subscribers only ?" I did not know it. " Ye'll havo putton ye're name down in yon buik, I expeo' 2" I had not done so, but expressed a perfect willingness to give him my autograph. " Oh, vera well ! Ithooht I'd jeost toll ye the rules. This is no a free library, but joost a Mechanics' Institute, an' I'm tho Secretary. The sub8crecption is a pound a year or five shillings tho quarter. Shall I no pit yo'ro name doon 2" I said my intellectual stomach wasn't strong, and its appetite capricious. This touting finished the business. I felt nau seated.' I struggled into the fresh air, re solved on putting in praotice what I had begun. to theoriso about — "going to bed." On my way to the hotel I saw a gigantic poster, " Paris in Flames." Ah, thought I, there is yet a respite. I can amuse myself. I can pay my jolly shilling and see Paris iu flames. I felt quite a Nero on a small scalo. A half-formed intention of going the whole animal and taking a violin with me .whs abandoned, because I did not know where to lay hands on a Stradunrius or a .Cremona. I found the plaoo, and struggled through a dim damp passage into the theatre. . Tho stage was occupied by a green baize curtain, a tablo full of "shilling shop" toys, a lee | turer oppressed by the novel sense of a clean ' oollar— paper — and lavender gloves, odoriferous of turpentine even whom I stood. The performance was about to I begin. Tho gontloman, still, oppressed by I the gloves, advanoedand intimated that .ho I thought it was. hardly necessary for him to I narrate tho causes of tho lute disastrous war. I It would suffice for, him: to say that "Hau- I cieut jealousy " between the nations wob I geuerally supposed to have begun it. Ho would not thoreforo delay them; but intro duce them (his audience I prcaumod) at ouao to Napoleon entering Metz, A groen baize curtain, roeo up, disclosing a picture in which blue, red and green were so vivid that form was obliterated. A violin, that might have been the resuscitated ghost of tho identical one owned by Nero, played "PartantpourlaSyrio'' with a'heavily vamped aocompaiiiuioht' by a piano that aepirod to eclipse : Oookor — it ciphered bo .awfully. Lecturer patted, his; gloves again. "The next view, ladios and gentlemen, is tho storming of '.'Strasbourg. Strasbourg is a city celebrated for its catiio- dral." Ho never said a word about tho pics. Ike inusiokors struck np "Married to a Mermaid. " Thoy felt it was inappropriate, aud, having lost their oue, tried baok with "Tho StarSpanglod Banner." After wavering little while thoy settled finally into "Homo, sweet home," and so continued till the loo- Wter finally brought his andienoe to the A " H'ght alter tho battle." It was not im \ portent whioh." ' A deceased captain lay in I front ofL. the .. picture,, with - two cannons and |l cannon-balls symmetrically laid beBido ,1 klm. These two cannons and balls were .1 itixuiirn.i iu euuh n/flheVpiOturcH. The artist hail ovideutly been struck with their utility m filling lip the foVogrnrind, alid.was liboral: iiocordingly. Tne 'filldlo artd piano' thought they'd got ajChancerfanU.bouuood in with j" Wo'co'oked thd'captainM 'gooaV— possibly Referring to .-the : .deoearied i;;oaptain afore mentioned.,. After sevoah other.. views, in jwhioh miniatrire "streaka! of "lightning' and flashes from guns , woro artistically aided by, booms from tho big drum, tho i 'f Battlo of Gravolotte" was set' before the. ari.dlonoe. " Here," said the lecturer " is Prince Fred erick William, Bismarok, arid'Voa Moltko. The former is drinking beer out of a broken ' glass, and the latter ea'ting:blaek bread, and garlic, and there was great'doBS on both sides, " I don't think he had any clear, idea in his own mind of what he raearit, for his oollar had at lost struggled : itself -free, and was standing out from the restraintaof but tons and pins in the most independent man. ,rier. The first, part , of tho entortainmont concluded with the " Blowing up .of. i the bridge at Kiel." There wore, some mechanical; - contrivahcoF,' which would have been soooted out from tho theatre of my'ohildhood's days,but which the leotnrer .regarded with , fond admiration as a- very masterpiece in the Way of miniature machinery. .The., curtain folk and presently a young lady ' appeared. - She sang "Sweot spirit, hear my prayer,"' and some other sentimental songj and ' thon re tired, only to return .shortly after iu- long stockings and short trunks. In this costuine sho danced a break-down. Up; to this:time the audie ice had been remarkably composed. They had volunteered a feeble- sort of com mendation, when the ennnons 'were flashing and booming, bat the legs did tho business. Thoy wakened them up to . a sense of their duty, and tho hithorto calmly oritioal gods thundered out "ankcoro"1 with Surrey-side strength of lungs and resolution. And " ankcore " it was. Thero was more dan cing. I don't pretend any puritanioal non sense ; nor do I discourse on the deoline of tho modern drama ; neither do I inveigh against ballets and burl-squo. Far. from me be It to denounce "legs." I like "lege." I admired the Duvailis. Watehed the Can Can they so nnblushingly introduced; with pleasure. But I like " legs," not darning needles clothed in wrinkled drab stobkings. And .this young lady had bodkins of darning noodles — i'm not sure which. They were .not legs. Thereupon I fell moralising,' and feelinn how utterly benighted must be tho bciugd who conld so vigorously applaud suoh very small su "Stitntes for legs, went away, trnsting never to bo reduced to such ex tremities again.' What Paris in Flames was like I did not wait to inquire. THE PARDONED. 