OUR SPORTING COLUMN. ' Br " CoitFABs " What li th! matUP? Are there no more Richmond! in the field or li the wonderful Dag- worth to carry off the Cap to Sydney, wbtther it hu oo frequently been borne before? I the handicapping wrong, or wa. the horse kept dark rant fnnahl hv RO ES tO fftk ihfl WCigUl off ? However may be the facte, there le no doubt that a partial paralyeii hoi taken hold of those usually well-informed penone, the Victorian ring. One little, but active and alwayi well-informed bookmaker, ii iflld to hire thelreet of bit co.fr ere In the palm of hii hand, and hoi only to clc«e hli flat to cauie a number of highly reipectuble , buttero to be put up. " Compel!" regrets hU inability to give credence to oDy such ide«; for, if dog Ii to cat dog la the Victorian ring, there would yet be a chance for booeet racing men to live. Depend upon it, the " talent" will pull etch other through, whatever happeue, and that the backers of hories will in the long run be left out In the cold. By the way, has any one read the little book by which non-fieldera are bound to win if they bBt follovv the .yetem propounded by a Mr Lewis? Soms paper, I forget which, spoke rather favorably of the brmchure-, but not hsving eeen it yet, the writer leels disposed to think it U ail boib. How can a msn win by backing horats four-fifths ot wblrdi are alretdy In the bookmakers' waistcoat pookets, and literally as dead aa abciled crsyfiib? They will here It In Melbourne thet Hamlet Ls lame- surely the number of races for which he Is entered at tbe forthcoming Spring Meeting should dissipate ouch a concluiion, unless the g.me played be one of the deepeit yet knows here. I have lt on good authority that lhe horse is as sound ts a bzll, sod taking bis c zeroise not only kindly, bnt with great vigor, notwithstanding hli legs. An alarmlit warns people not to back Conteesa for the Cup, on the ground thet Mr Filgati never paid up his forfeits for the A.J.C. Champagne Stakes. Seeing, though, thst what was really tickling lor prioclple has ibeen condoned, I cic- not see the force of the objection, more espe cially as Mr Filgate is itill waiting for the verdict. , Only twenty-five acceptances for the Melbourne Cap; bat a rare general entry — no fewer than 304 for nineteen rac;s, which represent 118 hcrses. Ben jlroo leemr to b; the coming animal for the big event, with Shannon close up. Tbe Melbourne touts write enough, bnt esy very little. Indeed, they complain of dearth of turf news. Tbe Ace Ii reported to have gone amiss. This rumor, it is to be hoped, was bred of the wish being father to the thought; for tbe racing pnbllo of Victoria would like well to see Mr T. J. Byan pull off a big thing; for, although be is young and flashy, he always runs straight — a novelty In these hard-driving days. Pyrrhos, of the dangerous Tait stable, has been nibbl&d; at more thsn once of late; tut his chances are not considered good enough to pnt much money on him, exctpt at out side prices. Next week I trust to have a better line to go by than I can eee et preasnt; for tbe oriclei, If not dumb, sre ccnfcandedly enigmati cal. Dodona, I think it was, gave out that Ciaras by crossing tbe- Halys river would put an end to a great monarchy. This was regarded by the Ctjbui stable aaamoat propitious omen. Croesus did cross the Halyp, and did pat an end to a great monarchy — -but It wa« hia own. £>o mucn xor prophecies. And yet, atthongh it seems but a matter of health oa the day, I can't believe in Digworth for tbe Cap. He carrUs too mnch money, and It is unneceiB&ry; to remind readers of the old adage that 11 there is many c slip between the enp and the iip." Loop Girou's long bouncing stride hsa fright ened all the backers of Victorian bones for the Derby. His gallops at Fiemlogton coon tent Kicg of the Ring back several point, and abcut any thing else quite liberal odds are obtainable. Still, larger pots than this have boiled over, though I can't help fancying this will be too well watched to permit of an accident. Belphegor, an old pet cf mine, is, I see, once more likely to race, be having been entered for one event in the Melbourne meeting, and aaother at Bendigo. What a pity this fine colt was not administered an extra pinch of muff before that so-called " nasel disease" pUced him and bis table companion, Argus 9o&nd;«l hers de combat. Fine tblng snuff, when properly exhibited. Thnrsdsy first, as the Scotch folk put it, is comparing night at Tatiemll's, Melbourne. All those who have big doubles, thousands to three, and so forth, will do well to save any mistake by either being present, or commlraloning some trusty friend to lock after thrir interests. Little misunderstandings, tnh aa that of Mr Barney Thompson for £500— since duly paid — will thus be "obviated . So our ancisnt friend of tbe George hotel, Frank Herring, has taken Datchm&n; off Dtvid Jones' hands. This is bat another imtanoe of Aua tralUns sticking to each other when away from the island continent. A conple cf handred guineas for a perfect hunter, as Dutchman should he, is no great price. But I don't think Herring was ever much of a NImrod. While on the subject of jnmping horses, I hear many bitter complaints of tbe tremendous weights clsppsd on to Ballarat horses. One good owner and plucky racer is almost inclined to cry a go, f»r he declares thst his nags are invariably penstiiad for loeing. I name no names as yet, being curious to know whit ths haudicipt for tbe Melbourne Hurdle and Steeplechase will be. If Mr Barnard should once more pop it on too hot, " Ckimp&n;" will have omethiog to lay, and will furthermore have to record the disbanding of ct le:at one stud ia this district. A pretty Utile mess bss cccu'red with refe rence to a "cup of tea" in this town. A ?umber of tickets had been >;rawn cut of both tbe number b x and that containing blanks and the acmes of horses. Amo-gst the lot Dagworlh had come out. when en accident occurred to one of the revolving urns, whereby some twenty pieoss of putebocr-i went flying on to the floor. All that could be found were picked up. bnt unfortunately the exxel cumbers were not rectified, the remit being tbat there were three tickets short at the end of toe drawisg; one of which wai Initialed with the name of "The Count," q horse in Mr Tait's stable. Qaestion — wbftt ibou'd be donr ? Tbe Australasian. Sfemi to hive answered the query by eaytng tbe sweep should be drawn over agiln. If | Compass" had picked Dagwortb, or any cth-r horse with lhe ghost of a show, before tbe accidcot happened, he would be T-ry loxth to bo (he victim of other people's laches, or possible Lutentlooal blnndericg However, it is no bucineas c( mine; and, as the whole thiog is illegal, I suppose tbe original Dig worth drawer will have to gria and bear lt. Sii.l there is a nice point Involved, ana it ii, ' Dors a tntjortiy always rule more erp'cLLly where the majority must draw blanks, and therefore na'.ur- aiiyobj ct to priza takers, PrafeiK-r Wilson or tbe Bishop of Mel boarae, should b? appealed to to decide the knotty question. Mr Coppin't idea ot a Victorian eleven playing a united tram of Ntw £outh Wales, Bcuth Australia, a".d Tszmsnir, ia gcod enough :n its way, but I observe that thft N. b. W. Crioketers' AseociatloQ c > elder their cores trod upon by lhe bare SQggeiUj:'. Defeated, but not disgrace, la th-ir motto, and I honor thim for it. Still, one Melbourne wrtkly aeys tbat a Sydney cODtingent will oo me dow . for tho festive cccuijn Oa the Eastern Ovi i can discern tittle improvement ia bowling. As f„r fielding, it nuy be regarded as oc6 of ths lost arte. Nets, fence, and little boya sive Uzy young cricketers a lo cf trouble, except oa match daye Uharley Wynne la bowling lhe best of the lot, though Grggin is b-ginning to pick up Ms form. The Mtrrled cad Single match will be continued U-day. Going into the skittle alley an Thursday, a friend, polnticg tok lot of disabled bata propped up agatafct the wall, remarked, ' ThuV's (be willow copse." "Had you not better mKe ti plural, pronounce it liki a Cockm :y, and ct\\\ them the Wihow corpses" was therepiv. My friend lost two games tf iklitlei Immriiate'y after. Eiiewh.re Iwi I be fened the cnVrits for the Rowland's (Boninyong) Ruc.t Ciub Steep'cchM?!, wj'cb wi 1 bo run to-day. 