BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHAPEL, ALLENDALE. The anniversary of this chapel was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. On Sunday services were conducted in the afternon and evening by the Rev. J. Hancock, and in the morning by the pastor Her. W. Richards. The congregations •were very large and the services of a deeply interesting character. On Monday afternoon a tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, which was rather numerously attended; all seemed to enjoy themselves, and did ample justice to the good things provided by the Allendale ladies. This was followed by a public meeting in the chapel presided over by W. Lewis, Esq. The Chairman expressed his pleasure at being present. He had for many years occupied the chair at their annual meeting, and always ielt' s great pleasure in doing so. He congratulated them on having such fine weather for their anni versary; for many years in succession it had been the reverse, so that some people -who were in want of rain were wont to look forward to their anniversary with some amouut of pleasure as a time -when they would be almost sure to have this want supplied. He was very pleased with the united and hearty manner in which they had grappled with their chapel debt, and the success which had attended their efforts. He thought they were now in easy circumstances, and hoped they would still go on and prosper, and that the great object contemplated in the erection of places of worship would be fully realized there. He then called on the pastor to present the report. The Uev. W. Bichards was very pleased to see the Chairman occupying the present position. TTfl was also very pleased that the services on' the preceding day and the tea meeting that afternoon had been so numerously attended, and that there were so many present that evening. He expressed a hope that these services would be rendered very profitable. With regard to their position religiously, ha thought there was room for improvement. The attendance at the. various religious services on the whole .was very good, especially their social meetings and the public week night service. They bad also peace within their borders, bat he thought they wanted more of the spirit of Christ, more of the life and power of godliness. It was a painful fact that many of their friends and neighbours were living without any regard to their future state of being. It could not be that they were insensible of their condition as sinners, ignorant of their relation to God, and their standing for entemity; and yet they remained nndecided in the great matters of personal and experimental religion. Why was ii ? perhaps it arose partly from the want of more power in the pulpit. He also thought there was more of the power of the Holy Ghost needed in the church. Their financial position he thought was very encouraging. They felt the effects of the very light harvest last year just the same as their neighbours, yet they had not allowed the chapel funds to suffer. The entire amount raised dunng the year was £94, which would enable the Trustees to meet the current liabilities and pay off £50 of the^debt, leaving still on the chapel a debt of £200. Mr. Chambers expressed his pleasure at being present, not because it was customary, but because he felt it. He spoke of man as a wanting creature As a member of civil society and as a citizen of the -world he had many pressing necessities, hut none were so important and pressing as those which he required as a religious being and as a candidate for eternity; for man's moral require ments a rich provision was made in^the gospel. It furnished a sovereign balm for every wound, and a cordial for every fear. He also spoke of the important position occupied by the christian minister and some of the qualifications necessary to render him successful in his work. He closed by urging all present to increased activity and faithfulness in the great work of life. The Rev. Mr. Hancock said the real object of life was usefulness. He thought the day in which we live in many respects differed considerably from the ages of antiquity. The present day was eminently practical. The Walls of Babylon, the Pyramids ofEgypt, the Colossus of Rhodes Island, and other great works of the past answered some important ends, but they would not compare with our steam navigation, our modern railways, and our electric telegraph extending commerce and conveying intelligence from nation to nation throughout the world. The great object of the Christian church also should be usefulness. In the erection of places of worship, in the ministry of thegospel,and in the establishment of Christian institutions, the great object should be the promo tion of practical godliness throughout the world. He observed that all real usefulness in the church of God depended on the gift and possession of the Holy GhoBt. Men could only become useful in proportion as their minds and hearts were embued with the divine unction ; for Christ says " without me ye can do nothing." He also referred to the encouragements held out to those who were desirous of obtaining this great requisite to usefulness in the church. There were the promises contained in the Bible and the experience of the good in every age. With this divine power there would be advancement in every department of the church of God, there would be no lack of funds to build places of worship, to aid Christian and benevolent institu tions, and to send the gospel to the ends of the earth. Congregations would also increase, and conversions to God would be multiplied. A vote of thanks to Mr. Hancock for his services, to the ladies who' had provided the tea, and to the Chairman having been carried and acknowledged, a very interesting* and profitable meeting was closed with singing and prayer. On Tuesday evening the Rev. Mr: Hancock delivered a lecture on the " Travels of Christ in the Holy Land." The attendance was very good, and the lecture full of interest aud appearing to be thoroughly enjoyed by the congregation. 