! THE GREAT FIRE AT YEDO. r , (From tho S. A. Advertiser, 5th June.) Wo have been favored by Mr. W, T. Shep- pard. Secretary to tbe Commissioner of i; Public Works, with a copy of tbe Japan f JtfoiX of 9th Amil. wiiioh contains an ac- ; oonnt of a fearful Are that recently deso- I, lated Tedo, the capital of Japan. It swept !; two square miles of the city, destroyed 5000 honBes, and rendered 20,000 persons houseless. Tho fire broke out about 3.15 :j jubj. on Wednesday, 3rd April, in an Ai :zu Tashiki, within tho second moat of tho castle. A galo was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Suddenly the tire jumped as it wen the two moats, tho intervening roads, ' and a whole block of honses, and then i atrnok a Japanese house, and with almost Use speed of lightning rushed onwards to- j wards the Tokaido or Imperial highway. . Speaking of this part of the city after the fin an eye-witness says: — "The space be- I twoon the castle and the Tokaido is now | nothing hat a heap of ruins, wlthjhere and . there a mad go down standing uninjured, like the ghost of the houses whioh before drranhded it. Not one stone romains standing on another not one honse his eaeaped tbe general destruction — from the Nihou ' Bashi downward in a line with Xankiji, and from the Castle to tho sea is onebare field desolation and rnin. Crossing the Tokaido, the honscB have been burnt in every direction, and tho people rondered houseless have camped ont. Dejected and sorrowful they sit in groups round a mat or blanket, on whioh is spread a little food ; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, ana yet with the thousands who are house- ; less' it is impossible for any bnt Government to \ administer to their relief." The fire burned. for abont twelve hours, when its farther -progress was stayed by the sea. Had' the wind shifted, however, during the night tbe conflagration would have proved ! more disastrous than it was. The following j is the account given by an eye-witness of S thf 'gcene in Yedo daring the fire : — " At j 3.15j ; when the fire broke out, no one thonght i anything of it; bnt as it leaped from block j to block, firing at several places afconce, the danger was felt to be imminent. The troops in' the Yedo Hotel were sent into a place of I safety, and several foreignera living in the j French' Hotel removed their baggage to the i ' foreign settlement Another gentleman 1 who was near tho Castle at the outbreak of | tbe fire, saw at least fifty persons carried by I on stretchers nearly all dead, while a third I witness; who was in Tsukiji, saw great num- ; brs dead by suffocation or fire. Mothers i threw their children from them into the J water to be drowned, or on the ground to j beburnt and rushed on to save themselves. Two-swordod men, drunk with excitement, cat and hewed in all directions, and the men who wero seen disabled by sword-outs were too nnmerouB to count. In contradistinc tion' to this, daughters were to be seen carry- ingtheir fathers and mothers away ; children jnst old enough to know what was going on i helped to save their parents from destrnc- j Hon ; and what was more touching than all ; was to see in the distance people fall under j their hardens, to be overtaken by the | flames before they eonld rise. Such scenes | as these lend an additional horrer to a sight ! already sufficiently terrible, and though at I this stage, when all is excitement and an- | certainty, the loss of life and property can- > not- be accurately judged, we feel assured I that we have under rather than over-stated | the extent of tho misfortune." The loss of j property Is estimated at a couple of million I, dollars. 