THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. The R.H.S. Baroda reached Queenscliff at six o’clock on Friday eving. We give below extracts fr o m the English:- GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND. In a matter welfare of the „ ln t TfEnriand, the Judicial Committee of Privy L at length given a judgment which haa ?“Lttcted with much anxiety by Churchmen. famous Bennett case. It is not necessary Lnm upon it than that the Reverend Sir Ben- Frame, has long taught Roman Catholic doc- SupoS Bubject of the Eucharist. Red pre tnn® gacrifice, adoration, are all among his teach -Cn 'He lus been prosecuted, and from the last judg- BS \ ffnt of the Dean of Arches, which was in his incnt, tta _ ma(le tQ the Privy Council. Sir tnnrft Sd not appear. He has not suffered by Cnewand W judgment decides, not of wmrse that ho is right, but that there is nothing in r- teichihc to warrant his deprivation. Thus is “k,, il proof riven of tho extraordinary elasticity of Xreh drctiffie, aoC ° rding 40 Uy inter PJ et ? tion - Low and Broad Churchmen may preach almost w thev please upon the topic which all consider of importance. Whether tins be what was Mended when the Prayer-book was reformed is beside Question. While this krnd of decision is given by £“ L h lt tribunal, the Primate and the late Premier am nuking speeches in favor of a reconstructipn of C ThS°ciV'««Eays:—The "sensation” in Ireland to been caused by a judgment winch has been de teed in an election case by Sir Justice Keogh. The Galway election was in dispute. It had been won for S Nolan by the priests, who used every kind of Sedation, spiritual and temporal, denouncing his from tho altars, and giving more than hints HnUhefoes of Rolan andof the Church oughtto come in bad ends. Sir Justice Keogh declared the return void and seated Captain Trench, a decision that was confirmed by a majority of the judges m Common pC But Sir Justice Keogh’s judgment, which took nine hours to deUver, was one scathing ex posure and denunciation of clerical practices, and he Led neither high nor low. _ Himself a Cathohc he Lned to rejoice in castigating, as with the iron flail of Talus, the rmks of the clergy. The rage into which he has thrown the pnests_ can hardly be de wiribccL They revile him at meetings and in chapels, moba hum him in effigy, and would perhaps try to bum him in reality but that he has wisely come over iolEndand riter declaring from the bench that his life was menaced. Ko such shell had been pitched among tho clerical tyrants of Ireland. That language should be used about them which they have been nan" for yeais and years about the landlords seems intolerable to an intolerant clergy. An effort will be made in Parliament to remove Mr Justioe Keogh, but tho [Protestant members will utterly defeat it, the rather that he said nothing but what was notoriously tme though his language was somewhat fiery. Pnnco Von Bismarck, who has the faculty of in teresting his friends and enemies, is engaged in anew work for tho discomfituro of the latter. The Pope, instigated by tho Jesuits, who really direct all his movements, refused to receive the Cardinal Envoy whom Germany desired to despatch to Rome. Bis marck’s retaliation for an affront which ho had fore seen is ample. He proposes to his Parliament a bill for the denaturalisation of any German subjectwho shall belong to the Order of Jesus. Should this be rased, it mil be competent to the police to expel all tho Jesuits from Germany, and it is safe to assume that the prince does not intend to launch brutum fiilun. The Jesuits have often suffered for their devotion to the Holy Chair, but a blow like this_ has not been inflicted for many a year. Probably many of our readers will recollect the example set in Spain, when tho Jesuits, ordered to withdraw, appealed to the Pope, and the Minister, with grim humor, sent them off to Rome in shiploads, to support their petition, until the Holy Father wished them r’l in pmgatory. At the International Exhibition nearly 22,000 peo ple took their Whitsuntide pleasure. This was the fieri really popular clay, and habitues were astonished to find themselves by noon in the midst of a throng which brought up remin’scences of Foresters' files and Odd Fellows’ galas at that other beautiful exhibition on the Surrey Hills. The Met -opo i: tan Railways have seldom had to contend with such crowds of eager sightseers a? those which flocked ICensington-wards on this occasior It Eeemed as though the stream of hu manity running from north, east, and south to the west would never stop. The ticket-offices were in a constant state of siege; there was always a gueui of fcnmidiblc dimensions and of heterogeneous composi tion; and everybody appeared to be demanding tickets for South Kensington. The Exhibition road reminded those old enough to recollect it of the sights which were witnessed in '5l. Visitors to the Exhibition had to run tho gauntlet of a shoal of vendors of shells, Abyss ; uian watches, warranted to “go” somewhere or other, but how or where was not asoerta'uable, at tho moderate price of six pence; hawkers, whose patriotism was exemplified by their possession of thousands of photographs of the Queen; and peripatetic tradesmen willing to sell any thing or anybody. Onco past the turnstiles, and the masses broke up into detached strata, and mingled in the courts, annexes, galleries, and quadrants, there to admire, with many and various ejaculations, jewels, pictures, machinery, and the other treasures to collect which all the vast machinery of South Kensington has been set iu motion. The onslaught on Messrs Spiers and Pond’s citadels, after two or three hours’ peregrination, was wonderful to behold; nor was the attack upon the de ,: ghtfuUy-arranged cafe adjoining the French annexe less systematic or easier to repeL ahtre were not wanting those who took their own rudest refreshments, and, escaping into the Horticul tanl Society’s gardens, pick-nicked in an unorthodox, t® withal a comfortable and thoroughly “jolly,” Etjle. These revellers, seated in out-of- the-way cor sm and umbrageous nooks, were enabled to combine -artation with the consumption of ginger-beer and wmdwiches, and caring little for the .esthetic fat.es which pervade South Kensington, en- Joyed themselves quite in the English man. > ™d, _ l c t it bo said to their credit, cat nobody interfered with their ideas of recreation, 'cause their behavior was unexceptionable. In the icraixm, when the band of the 2nd L : fe Guards I''jed, unfier M. Froelniert’s conductorsliip, the scene no gardens, now in their full wealth of floral “j, was strikingly picturesque. Seated under tea i r f DUt . * Tee3 , or on the terrace, thouaands lis r ° ™ P‘'-i° ua t' c , and sometimes sensuous, i°t Offenbach, and the tuneful music of , k and Arditi; whilst the children’s feet extemporise a quadrille or a polka. The timin'- dle perhaps heard for the first it. Urn ° Qe '°^ es hoin Genevieve dc Brabant which (Win 7 U ? 10U ' C Company have the credit of intro “Ofin ii , metro P o ’bi; and the beautiful serenade, attpnh- j i- below,” was listened to with an wdehght that would have gratified the prolific ttonf f 113 muQ k 33 it enchanted the crowd. By the thehn„ e< f mc l was over the S on S s were sounding r lor departure; and then there were the same ia the a *' tk fc railway-stations as those observed el t!i» • f ,ai ? 0I " tk° day. By the strenuouß efforts however, the trains were got off Bafely, tiearwl f. ~K un kad set ere the last visitor dis- Arn.l Exhibition road and its preciaets. lust ii!” writes:—“ Lord Belmore, who has colonial.. k° me ky the Sobraon, is not the first dsdon°Ks’ erilor w kohas had his acts severely criti not hwn if su P srse ded. Even his successor has tVeIL a H°Wed to pass scot-free in this respect, toamiwin e a r - ko his faults of omission and oiaistr-it; D ’ , certain that his four years’ ad alerablo ° co \°ny have been marked by con ihat on ,7a ’ “ uo *' discretion. It is not every man lonlp.v deßta ud a colonist and his wants; but that le 20 Tm’™* 1 wed and did his best there can was wanting in Te ße to ~ when it expressed views ad are tw„ e ?°k°y of this statesman, because theie Bore’s Li entertai ? 3 belief that if Lord Beb Uty fo r ♦[,„ r i n °t the approval of the Secre don of . . ome3 i there will at least be no expres- E ookt on f? on a d verse to his policy. His lordship voted ia fav f7°, ad reading of the BaUot Bill, and oi his caL™ ai i ! " 3 s till full of hope in the “ justice c “ n tinueßto “star” it in the pro- “Ppoarance being, I believe, at fons. Them * he was met by about 3000 per- Biontion n f w* 3 a 7. umor that he has expressed his the a eit standing ” f or the county of Hants at '■ i tlon- k ear that an “ important °i the £v c u n , keen addressed to the Chancellor 'ho was Ell rn Uer ' . r ° m William Massey Wheeler, Printed b T “ t * le Exploration Expedition ap daoi to Government of Victoria some years loentlj or , Eurke and Wills, who were subse- no k lvo been murdered. I give kjth. n ■ 1 reeerved it, without vouching for its reecntly arrivn,! i that Mr Wheeler—who has •kJnir Orton ,w~ la professionally attended ? ac nsji o „ 0 c ~a t, .SgaWagga when Buffering from Sfwn, was J, ' u > that he, tho aforesaid Arthur kkrself Thotnn^^ Ut / v ’sited by a person calling Arthur Ortln . and that - ; i 1869 ho again fo i Bnabane, where he has every resit te, thG r “ dea P e -te ** now seen a , . t ssolufc e life. Mr Wheeler 43 lie e ri c l ?,lua nt, and he identifies him. wl’-ip _ - 4?3tro ” whose acquaiiftance he attendin s What P w t 0 tk 3 ? While his admirers are full of confidence in the result of the trial, by far the greater portion of the public take no interest in the matter. Everyone, of course, is anxious to see justice done, but since the nonsuit and the subsequent incar ceration of the claimant within the walls of Newgate, his “ case ” has lost that piquancy which attached to it at the outset. As, however, the trial is likely to come on when the House is up, the “ dailies ” will be Bure to give the evidence pretty well in aclenso, in order to get up an excitement which may serve them in good stead. Since the above was written, the fol lowing, from Mr Wheeler, ha3 appeared in one of the morning papers:—“ There has been some misreport respecting some information I have given respecting the Tichbome case. What I stated in my letter to the Chancellor of the Exchequer was that I had attended an “Arthur Orton” at WaggaWagga in 1865, but only by giving him advice, and not for three weeks as reported, as I only remained at Wagga Wagga _ one night. You will oblige me by contradicting the aforementioned statement.” On dit that the friends of the claimant are actively at work intending to secure his return as member of Parliament for the county of Hants, at the next gene ral election. Humors are abroad (says the Law Times) that the Government intend to curtail the expenses of the Tichbome prosecution by confining the evidence to that which is obtainable in this country. We may Btate that two gentlemen are under orders to go to Chili and Australia, but they do not sail for a fort night, and in the meantime there is to be a consulta tion of all the counsel engaged. Therefore it cannot at present be stated positively that the advice of the Attorney-General will not be followed by the Govern ment, but there appears to be Borne conflict of opinion between persons in authority, which it is quite possi ble may materially affect the conduct of the prose cution. Some amiable Irishmen have been attempting to celebrate the Duke of Edinburgh’s visit to Dublin by exploding a canister of gunpowder upon the clay model of the statue of the Prince consort about to be erected on Leinster Lawn. A similar attack was made upon the statue of the Earl of Carlisle, one of the most popular of Lords-Lieutenants, in Phoenix Park In the latter case no damage was done; in the former the model was blown to pieces. It is supposed that these outrages were perpetrated by some enthu siastic “ Home Rulers." The trade in Australian meat continues steadily to progress. All the wholesale dealers report a general extension of their. orders from the country shop keepers. Numerous institutions, that some time since commenced to make experiments with it, have now taken to its use permanently. The prices ruling are low, and not of a character to leave a profit to ship pers; but that is perhaps owing more to the conduct of some of the wholesale grocers than to any defi ciency in the demand or excess of supply. There ap pears to have been a spirit of competition amongst them, and they quote it on their list sometimes at a lower price than it costs them. This, it is asserted, has had a tendency to depreciate prices in the whole sale trade, although some of the retailers do not charge any less for it then they did when it was selling 20 per cent, higher. The Times publishes part of a letter written by Mr Keverdy Johnson to Representative Peters, of Maine, the mover of the resolution calling for the withdrawal of the claim for consequential damages. After going fully into his reasons for this opinion, Mr Reverdy Johnson goes on to say of the treaty that “it has been repudiated by all publicists of authority here and in Europe, while the reported purpose of the ad ministration to adhere to it has seriously impaired our character for good faith and intelligence. Under these circumstances, what should our Government do? Clearly, withdraw the claim. No other course can set us right in the judgment of the civilised world. That a blunder was committed in making it is now admitted by all men. It has been said that the President cannot take such a step without the prior approval of the Senate, and that to take it would tamish the honor of the nation. There is no weight in either suggestion. If the President had not instituted the claim no man in the country would have censured him. The censure with which he is now visited is because he has permitted the claim to be made, and that the treaty, so full of benefit to the two nations and so pregnant with future advantages to other nations, is in consequence to fail. Good sense and honor demand that an error be corrected when first discovered. The absence of good faith and honor is not exhibited by correcting an error, but by a dogmatic and obstinate perseverance in it.” The Queensland Annexe, in connection with the International Exhibition, is exciting considerable at tention, and the regret i3 pretty general that the whole “group” are not represented. It is daily thronged by all sections of society, and is, indeed, what it professes to be, a popular educator. While scientific men and the artisan class are pleased with the geological specimens and the elements of new in dustries, the ladies are in raptures with the photo graphs, which give them such a vivid idea of the scenery of Queensland. The AlJtenceum says:—“ The scientific arrangement of the objects exhibited, in this annexe demands some recognition. The natural his tory of the colony, including its geological structure and its mineralogical productions, is most fully repre sented and most carefully arranged. This resqlt has been entirely due to the unwearying industry of Mr R. Daintree, who has lately received the appointment of agent for the colony in this country.” The other evening Mr Daintree invited a few friends to test Queensland meats and the wines of Australia. Mr Edward Wilson occupied the chair. The evening was spent in expatiating upon Australian resources. A “lock-out”in Belfast is becoming a serious affair. It is estimated that 30,000 persons are unemployed, a large number being girls. Out of 830,000 Bpindles in Ireland devoted to flax- spinning, upwards of 600,000 are in Belfast. Of these 450,000 are now Bilent, and of the remainder 50,000 or 60,000 will be idle shortly. A strike and “ lock-out” on so gigantic a scale have never hitherto occurred iu Ireland, and there seems no immediate prospect of U settlement. The masters have finally determined that beyond gs per week ad vance to dressers and roqghers they "will not go, should the milk stand idle for months. They say that they cannot afford to pay more, and several 6f the employers maintain that they would lose con siderably by giving the advance, but in prospect of a better trade, they wished to keep their hands em ployed. The dressers and roughers, on the other hand, ere apparently inflexible in their determination not to accept .the 2s offered, and because 2000 workers cannot come to terms with their masters in a matter involving only Is a week each of wages, nearly 30,000 men and women, boys and girls, are walking idle through the streets of Belfast. [We have .already pub lished a telegram stating that the lock-out Had termi nated.] Amongst the various forms of colonial enterprise for increasing the supplies of articles of food and luxury for the home markets, we believe that the attempt of the “South Australia Jam Company (limited) " is the latest and most lf fruits, which are very plentiful in Australia, can be gathered, preserved, and prepared for shipment to the mother country at fairly remunerative prices, the experiment will be hailed with satisfaction and entire approval, as the crops here are more or less precarious, and there is always a strong demand from the great consuming population for all the fruit, either preserved or green, that can be obtained. Moreover, as the Australian summer answers to our winter, there js no reason why we should not have, in the sense of Dickem’ original and well-worn phrase, an abundance of fruits from op.e source and another “all the year round.” As proof that the theory has already been put into practice, we may mention that the Loch Katrine recently arrived from Adelaide with seventy-five cases, each contain ing forty-eight 2-lb tins, and twenty-five cases of seventy-two 1-lb tins of apricot jam, and that a second vessel is near at handw*th 500 cases of other tions shipped by the same company. The main thing is to be careful in their preparation. THE INTERNATIONAL BOAT RAGE. This long looked-for event came off on ICth June amidst an immense number of spectators. The in terest created by the contest has scarcely been ex ceeded by the matches of the University crews, as every available Bpot on the river where a sight could be obtained was occupied from an early hour of the day. The Londoners got afloat in their Clasper at ten minutes past six, the .Atalantas following suit Borne ten or twelve minutes later, and both crews paddled at once down to their stations, amid a burst of cheer ing from the steamboats and the banks. The London men, having won the toss for choice of stations, selected the Middlesex berth, which under ordinary circumstances is decidedly the more favorable of the two, the inside boat haying the benefit of the bend all the way down to the railway bridge; but on Monday this advantage was in some degree counterbalanced by the wind, which blew pretty Bmartly from W.S.W. The names and weights of the'rival crews were as under:— ~ London Rowing Club. —1. John B. Close, list 81b; 2\. F. S. Gulston, list 91b; 3. A. de L. Long, 12st 31b; W. Stout (stroke), list 131 b. Atalanta Boat Club. —l. E. Smith, 9st 131 b; -• A. Handy, lOst; 3. T. Van ltaden, lOst 1311 b; Russell Withers (stroke), list 31b. The betting at the start was nominally quoted at 6 to 1 on the Londoners, but the supporters of the Americans were, as a rule, chary of investing even at fIiTH tempting figure; indeed, in town during the morning 4 to 1 was the current quotation, and jußt before leaving for Putney an offer of 5 to 1 failed to elicit a single response. In accordance with previous arrangement, the crews were atarted by report of pistol, instead of word of mouth, and d'-ectly the competitors had taken up their allotted Mr Lesley, the referee, having put the customary “ previous question” without receiving any answer,gavethe signal, to go at twenty-eight minutes past six. Both crews caught the water at the same moment, but at the second stroke the Londoners, settling down to the work with a rapidity that seemed literally to electrify the spectators, shot at once to the fore, and coming right away, as though the others were standing still, drew themselves clear in less than a dozen strokes. Just below the Ship the leaders began to edge out into mid-stream, and took their opponent’s water, both crews making a considerable detour in the direction of the Surrey shore, but off the Brewery the Londoners, whom we timed at thi3 point to be rowing forty strokes a minute to their opponents’ forty-four, straightened their boat and returned to their proper course with a lead of a cloar length. At Barnes Railway-bridge, which was reached in 3 minutes 18 seconds from the start, London had increased their advantage to nearly three lengths, and settling down into a long steady drag of between thirty-six and thirty-seven to the minute, continued to leave the Americans .hand-over hand in unmistakable style. Off the Bull’s Head a bit of erratic steering on the part of the leaders enabled the others to hold their own for the next hundred yards, but at the Creek the London crew, notwithstanding the disparity of stroke, were again perceptibly drawing away,and off the Bathing-place in the Duke’s Meadows led by at least half-a-dozen lengths. Here the severity of the pace began to tell the inevitable tale upon the Atalanta crew, one or two of whom at this early stage of the struggle—if, indeed, it deserves the name—began to evince unmistakable symptoms of distress, and their rowing lost all trace of the machine-like precision and regularity which had char acterised it during the early part of the race; in fact, there is little doubt that the men were completely taken aback and demoralised by the astounding rapidity with which the Londoners had left them at the start. They, nevertheless, struggled on in the gamest possible manner, and, though pal pably beaten and falling all to pieces every moment, maintained their forty to the minute with unflinching determination; but it was all in vain, as the Londoners, who were now rowing easily within themselves, continued steadily to improve their position as they progressed, and at the upper of Chiswick Eyot they were fully ten lengths to the good. Rounding the bend they continued to draw still further in front with every stroke, Gulston taking them a capital course—indeed, they could- not have been better steered if they had carried a coxswain in their stem sheets; and at Hammersmith Bridge led, as nearly as we could judge, by a dozen lengths, the difference between the two boats as they shot the centre Bpan being exactly 30 seconds, and the time of the leaders from the start 12 minutes 23 seconds. All now was clearly over, bar accident; but as bad luck would have it, at this stage of the race a mishap did actually occur, which of itself was sufficiently aggravating, though happily it did not in any way affect the result. Midway between the bridge and tho soapworks a heavy waterman’s skiff, with a cargo of duffers on board, drove broadside on against the bow oars of the American boat, completely stopping them for a second or two, and losing them at least a couple of lengths. It was a most pro voking contretemps, and had it occurred at an earlier peried of the race would have been excessively annoy ing; but, as it happened, the Americans were at the time such a hopeless distance astern that the most bigoted partisan could not possibly regard tho mishap as having interfered even in the remotest degree with their chance of winning. On getting clear they went in pursuit of the Londoners, but the latter were now some fourteen or fifteen lengths in front, and ulti mately passed the winning-post, which was situated midway between the steamboat pier and the Aque duct, some two hundred and fifty yards—or exactly forty-four seconds—in advance of the Atalantas—the time from start to finish being 21 minutes 26 seconds. Tho record of the race furnishes its own commentary, and further remarks are needless. The Americans were palpably outclassed and outpaced, and from start to finish never stood the ghost of a chance, notwith standing that they rowed a considerably quicker stroke throughout. In such company, however, de feat entails no disgrace, for it was their ill luck to have to encounter one of the best and fastest fours ever seen on the Thames, and one which we fancy will give a good account of the smartest professional crew of modern times. The chief interest of the above race has little concern with the result. By rowing men of any knowledge or experience that was known long ago. Never before in the annals of boating has a crew gone to the starting post with stronger assurances of success than belonged to the London Four. In their Btyle and power of endurance the art and system of rowing found almost faultless expression. Their opponents were in an earlier stage of development. They lacked sound knowledge of the art, and had not made it sufficiently matter of study to know tho roughly all its resources. This is the simple and only possible explanation of their failure. There is no need to seek a solution of a reasonable result in vague talk about differences of national character. But there is one point connected with the race, indicating a previous difference of method between the rowing meu of tho two countries, which is well worth attention, This contest in somo sense opens anew era in English rowing. Hitherto it has been held that the additional weight of a coxswain was fully counterbalanced by his usefulness in the boat. The Americans have held a different view, and the introduction of the American Bystem is likely to strongly modify ourprevious notion. Besides the credit of having rowed a gallant race, the Atalanta crew deserve the thanks of English rowing men for having taught them the advantage of anew system. Whether on narrow rivers rowing without coxswains will become universal, is a doubtful ques tion, but improved contrivances may do much to wards utilising still further the American idea. So far as the race had any national significance, it is another victory for England, but the patriotic feeling was not aroused until quite late, and the Atalanta crew need not feel any very heavy responsibility in thus having allowed their nation to be defeated. 