MY FIRST-CLASS STORY. GHOST I was seated in a comfortable compartment in a first-class railway carriage at London Bridge Railway Station on 21-th December. The weather was horribly cold, and the wind was very high. I had my evening paper already cut by my side, and my Sradshaw was in my hand; but they were at present both unheeded, for my thoughts were far away down the line —forty miles down, to Nettleton, where I was going to spend my Christmas Holidays with my uncle, Arthur Blucher, a few cousins, and Bessie Noland. When I say that my uncle and cousins were second and third in my thoughts, I need hardly explain that Bessie was my sweetihearfr—rather an old-fashioned word, but I like to use it. I had won her after a •courtship of twelve months,* and I thought myself the happieet of young fellows and the luckiest of mankind. I will not attempt to describe my Bessie, for that can only be done by photography. She was very pretty, very sensible, and loved by everybody, and adored by me. I had parted with her in autumn; and although every week brought me a kind gentle letter from her, we had not met since saying good-bye at the Barmouth Station, North Wales, when she went to stop at Nettleton, and I returned to grim old law in my chambers, New-inn, Lincoln's-inn. How slowly the time dragged on, to be sure! There never could have been a windier or a more cheerless October than in that year, nor a duller or darker November. I could find no charm in the Xiondon theatres, in spite of the novelties produced. The newspapers were stupid, and the magazines scarcely readable. My friends too, somehow or other, became wearisome. Johnson's puns fell flat; Bobinson's practical jokes lost their charms; and Smith and Jones 1 parties bored me. I wanted Christmas to come -as quickly as possible, and yet Old Time would not get on any quicker in spite of my fretting. But at last the day arrived for my departure. I had packed my portmanteau two days before it was necessary. I had studied my route until I knew the stations by heart, and I found myself at London-Bridge Station a good half hour before the train was advertised to start. Immediately "my" train (I iad known this 5.55 for so many weeks, that I looked upon it in the light of personal property) backed into its position, I insisted on taking my seat, although the guard assured me that we shouldn't be off for a quarter of an hour, if then. Never mind, I felt happier and less restless in the carriage, knowing that it was something somehow connected with Nettleton and my visit. Our train, according to the time-tables, did not stop anywhere after passing Croydon, but ran right into Nettleton junction—ignoring Seigate, Little Houghton, and Rushley. So, giving a shilling to the guard, I requested him to lock the door, and I was left to my cigar, my evening paper, my Sradshaw, and my Bessie. The station was thronged with holidaymakers of all grades of society, pushing squeezing, laughing, shouting, but aU bent on one object—to get good places in their various trains. Poor guards, how I pitied them! and how I admired their coolness and clear-headedness in the midst of such a babel of tongues f Should we never start? I asked myself as I leaned out of the window for the twentieth time. Yes, surely those are "our " doors being slammed-to; that is our guard whistling and holding up his hand; and that brisk determined whistle belongs to "our engine—we were off! As we slowly glided out of the station, I was somewhat surprised to see a tall, lank, whitefaced gentleman walk up to my carriage door—which I paid the guard to lock—open it, step in, and take his seat opposite me. He was a most peculiar-looking individual His face was very long and painfully white; his eye was bright and restless; his hands, incased in black-kid gloves, had the appearance of possessing a good deal of bone; his legs were awkwardly long; and to add to his eccentricity, his head was quite bald, and shone like a plain white billiard-ball. On entering the carnage he bowed to me, and after carefully gazing round him, smiled—such a smile!—and taking out a black-covered book, coiled himself lip in a corner and buried himself in its contents. This strange being puzzled me considerably. What could he be ? Perhaps a doctor. No—his appearance would terrify any nervous patient. A lawyer—possibly an •escaped lunatic, more probably. I determined to speak to him; for though I was not a coward, I did not like the man. There was something unearthly about him; for now and then he would put down his book, gaze on the lamp above aim, and laugh quietly, then fixing his eyes on me for a second, would relapse into a smile and continue Mb reading. " Do you object to smoking ?" I asked— I own with an effort. He took no notice of me. I repeated the question; but in lieu of replying he twisted himself into an easier position, and went on with the black-bound book. " I" shall not be at all sorry when we get to Nettleton," I thought to myself, as I threw my cigar away and took np the paper; "I don't relish this superhuman fellow-passenger at all. Well, as there's no chance of release for two good hours, I may as well make the best of it." I tried to read, but could not fix my (thoughts on any subject; so I soon gave Jt up. und tried to lo?e myself in dreamland, But at first I could'not sleep ; for -whenever J. happened to >ook up, I found jny horrible companion's eyes fixed oil mine. 'A. cold perspiration came over 3ne every time I looked on him: so I summoned up courage and said somewhat sharply, " I think you are very rude to stare at me so, air ; if you have "anything to say to me, be good enough to speak." He Biniled, looted out of the window for a moment, sighed, and changed his seat. I must have soon fallen into a doze, but how long I slept I have little idea. When I awoke, I felt the carriage oscillating violently, and to my horror and surprise, my companion had gone I Yes, I was alone in the carriage! In another moment the air was filled with shrieks of agony and yells of despair, the escape of steam, and the crashing of wood. My carriage shook and groaned, and then tottered over on its side down an embank- ment ; but luckily for me, I was, with the exception of a tew bruises, unhurt. O, what a sight was before me! The 5.55 from London had run into a goods train, and lay before me a wreck. Women, children, and men were buried under the debris ; whilst some, like me, had escaped without a scratch. We rendered all the assistance that lay in our power to the poor creatures; and it was not until the sun had risen on Christmas morning that we got sufficient hands together to clear the line. Twenty-five people were killed in this awful accident, and over thirty severely injured, The news of the disaster had reached Nettleton some hours previous to my arrival; and when I had briefly narrated the painful facts of the case, I asked leave to go to my room, feeling perfectly, unable to take part in the Christina merrymakings. I was glad to throw myself on the bed; and although I could not sleep, the quietude of the place, and the calm rest which I enjoyed, soothed my nervous frame and cooled my burning brain. I thought over the events of the short time which had elapsed since I left London, and could not help con necting my mysterious fellow-traveller in some way with the accident. I was no believer in ghosts; and yet what was the meaning of that man's mysterious entrance at London Bridge, and his still more mysterious disappearance? Was it fancy F Certainly not. Could it have been a warning of the coming danger ? I could not answer myself, but continued to ponder and argue until I could not bear to be alone, so got up and went down into my uncle's library. I sent for Bessie by one of the servants; and in a very few moments my dear girl and myself were together. I told ber all my adventure. At first she laughed at me, and called me a suppositious goose; but when she found me serious she was annoyed, and gave me a good lecture, which she finished up by telling me that I had been working too hard and too late at my chambers, had over-heated my brain, and therefore fancied all manner of stupid things. I promised not to allude to the 'ghost,' as she termed my railway companion, during my holidays; and I kept my word. The few days' leisure that I had allowed myself went quickly enough and my Nettleton visit was soon a thing of the past, and I was once again hard at work in the Inn. At times my thoughts would turn to the events of Christmas-eve; and though I strove to erase the recollection from my mind, I could not forget my fellow-traveller. I read books on spiritualism; and in spite of arguments with friends, and several serious conversations with my relatives, I beeame a believer in ghosts I kept the truth from Bessie - for J knew that she would be broken-hearted if she knew that I had become a disciple of the spiritualists. I was very unha ppy and very unsettled; my health was none of the best; my spirits were low, and my energy flagged considerably. So the long year passed away and Christmas came again. I was, as usual, to spend my holiday's at Nettleton; audi found myself once more in a first-class carriage by myself at 5 55 on the 24th of December, The whistle was sounded, the • engine skrieked, the train moved, the door opened,^ and he entered the carriage, smiled in the same deathlike manner he had smiled 12 months ago, took his seat, produced the black book, and read in silence. I do not think I was veiy much surprised at seeing him, for he had been in my "mind's eye" all the year but a cold prespiration came over me; felt a Einking at my heart, and a burning throbbing pain flew to my head. " Man —if man you be—" I said, fixing my eyes on the figure; " If you have come to warn me of any coming danger, speak to me. I am brave enough to hear the worst." He lifted his eyes from the book, yawned, elosed the volume, and settled himself to sleep. "No." I cried, " you shall not evade my question; you must answer me. What will happen ~ Why are you here?' He roused himself, and looked at me with a smile upon his hard lips; he then took out a small pocket-book, and wrote on a page, which he tore out and handed me, these words " WE SHALL MEET TO 3STGHT. I read the five words over and over again, but could not fathom their meaning. I was painfully certain, in my own mind, that some other terrible calamity of some kind or other would happen before long, and that I read my warning on the piece of paper I held in my hand. I kept my eyes fixed on him for some time; but nature at length ruled, and I fell asleep—not into a sound slumber, but into a troubled fretful series of dozes of an unrefreshing and feverish character. I was aroused by the train slackening speed; and on looking out of the window, found we had arrived at IS'ett'eton junction, and I teas the only occupant of the carriage! Hastily gathering my traps together, I got out of the haunted carriage, and inquired of a porter if my uncle had sent over any conveyance for me. Yes, there was the dog-cart. Before leaving the station I asked the station-master if he vras sure that the train from which I had alighted was the express from town. " Yes, sir," was his answer; " through from London Bridge." What an awful ride I had on that dark Christmas-eve ! At every turn of the road I thought we should be overturned; whenever the horse improved his pace, I made up my mind that he had bolted; but in spite of my fears, we arrived safely at Nettleton House, and received a hearty welcome, as of yore. All agreed that I was looking far from well. " Bless the boy," said my aunt, you^look as pale as though you'd seen ghost.' I stammered out something about the closeness of Loudon, and went upstairs to dress for dinner. How I got through the meal, I have very little idea. Bessie must have thought me very stupid; for I made few remarks, and answered her questions in monosyllables. There was to be a dance, as usual, in the evening, and I was engaged,J of course, to Bessie for the opening quadrille; but I made so many foolish blunders, and, as my sweetheart, told me, looked so very unwell, that I was fain to leave off. Come into this room, «lear," Bessie said; " it is cooler there, and more quiet." We entered. I started back with a look of horror on my face ; for there, by the mantelshelf, stood my mysterious railway companion with a glass of sherry in his hand. Bessie," I said earnestly, " come away come away, for heaven's sake!" ' Why, what ever is the matter, Charlie? Yon look so terribly frightened,' she said. But I heeded her not; for I could not think of anything but the phantom before me. He approached, with that cursed smile upon his face, and held out his hand. Bessie looked up laughingly at his face, and said, " Charlie, won't you shake hands with Doctor Linton ?" " Who—who is he ?" I asked. " Why, Doctor Linton, the beat and dumb gentleman." Eor a moment my brain whirled round, and I can remember but indistinctly what immediately followed, saw Bessie making signs with her fingers, and the Doctor replying to her in the same manner. This is what I learned in calmer moments: The Doctor was deaf and dumb, and a season ticket-holder on the line; and as he could not always make the porters understand him, he was allowed a private key. He lived at a little village some five miles the London side of Nettleton, and the managers of the line stopped the 5.55 for him out of courtesy. So my ghost vanished with the explanation. I shook him warmly by the hand, and, with the assistance of my Bessie, informed him of my doubts and fears, at which he laughed heartily. My spirits soon returned, and by the time the last dance was announced, no one was happier than myself. Bessie and I were married the following Christmas, and conspicuous amongst our guests was my " First-class <3foQ$, A Yankee manufacturer and vendor of quack medicines recently wrote to a friend for a recommendation of |iiis, the manufacturer's, " balsam." In a few days we received the following, which we call pretty strong:—" Dear sir—The land composing this farm has been so poor that a Chinaman could not get a living off it, and so stony that we had to slice our potatoes and plant them edgeways; but hearing of your balsam, I put some on the corner of a ten-acre field surrounded by a rail fence, and in the morning I found the stones had entirely disappeared, and a neat wall encircled the field; the rails were split into firewood and piled up symmetrically in my back yard. I put half an ounce in the middle of a huckle-berry swamp ; in two days it was cleared off, planted with corn and pumpkins and a row of peach trees in full blossom through the middle. As an evidence of its tremendous strength, I would say that it drew a striking likeness of my eldest son out of a mill pond, drew a blister over his stomach, drew a load of potatoes four miles to market, drew grease out of flint, and eventually drew a prize of ninetyseven dollars in a defunct lottery, &e.;" A paragraph in a New York journal announces a portentious crisis in the affairs of the Fenian brotherhood. O'Donovan Rossa has resigned his pssition as one of a mysterious and formidable body styling itself The Directory of the Irish Confederation;" and he has also seceded from the " Allied Council of the Irish Confederation and the Fenian Brotherhood." It seems that Rossa has determined to " run" lor the office of registrar of the city of New York—a post to which a very snug salary is attached. Some uneasiness, it is said, has been created in the minds of Rossa's quondam friends in Ireland, and hints are dropped about the influence of" British gold." A Saved Page.—The New York Tribune mentions that " a curious memorial of the great fire has been brought from Chicago. Among the rains of the Western News Company's establishment, where an immense stock of periodicals and books were reduced to ashes, there was found a single leaf of a quarto Bible, charred round the edges. It contained the first chapter of the Lamentations of Jeremiah, which opens with the following words;—' How doth the city sit solitary that was full of people! How is she become as a widow 3 she that was great among the nations, and princes among the provincess! How is she become tributary! She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks. Among all her lovers she hath noue to couifort her.' And that was the only fragment of literature saved from the News Company's great depot." Anotueu Sib. Roger Tichborite.—A man bearing a striking resemblance to the claimant in the Tichboriie case has been staying in Cardiff for the last day or two. A report found currency that the claimant was living in the town, and the person referred to is said to have encouraged the delusion by granting an interview to the representative of a local paper, who reported what occurred on the occasion referred to. Through this report the news of the claimant's presence in Cardiff was spread throughout the whole of South Wales, and hundred of persons from the hills and other districts poured into the town with the hope of seeing him. The publichouse wtere the person referred to has been living was crowded, but in the evening the deception was discovered in consequence of a telegram sent up to Scotland Yard by Mr. Freeman, the superintendent of the Cardiff police, in reply to which the fact was stated that the claimant had never left London. Subsequently Sir Roger Tichborne himself telegraphed to the Cardiff police as follows:—" Please have man representing me at Windsor Hotel watched. I will pay expenses ;" and subsequently he further telegraphed the name and late address of a wine merchant recently living in London who hejbelieves will be found to be the man who has personated him. It has since been ascertained that the person referred to is singularly like the claimant, and is frequently styled " Sir Roger" among those who know him. The pretended Sir Roger speedily left Cardiff by an early train. t."-English Society 