!U,!' jWAIfGH ! .' -MYSTERif.' ! It Will-Be rriembered that .eonio' time' Since we. published ah - acdount of certain; prbooedirigs the pdlice had!undortnkonifor !tho "prttpose/ of'irivesti-, gating tlio circumstances surrounding tho myste rious disappearance of, a; man.nnmed ; Waugli, wlio -used.to reside ni:a house at ithe corner, of- Bourke street! west t anfl, Mfilliam street. These inquirifcs havekeenr pushed . to. , what : appears .at -present to be their lunit, and -a, history of the case, will, /doubtless -be- road, .(.with (interest. : .The investi gations hayeibecnenrricdunby, Detective Hartnejr,. for tlie inopt t l'aft) ; and it would : seem that both Heaven and- ;eartli have been searched for proofs/and /facts .that,., could throw.. light upon ..the jihystory. /Tho fact, that Waugli had. bedn .misoing'; since qhput ; ; ISpl >yas. .-first, commum-, dated to the police,, .early in December last,' and it was then hinted that murder had been j. ; .committed.; . , . A r yesident ..at . Hotliain visited tlie Detcctlvc-oflice:,.iytli;/what . .was said to be 'a /jSpiritiial . communication,/, and it ayas to tlie fol- l(yiiigrriffecfe. (the), ghOst, pf,,thedefunot. JYftugh, of course, -'was, fifee /communicator).:/ "My -death was caused fey ft liit..ou_tlic head from a poker ...yhenlwas, -asleep : and lying dowii/qn!,tho sofa . | in Big Bpurkq street,;' pppqsite.St.. Jfenies's .Churcli, arid' there y fefe tyilL lirid . nip, .dOwri by , the chimney) , about, f4 feet, ,riridergrpiincl, .fend thorp, I am, so , you ,wiU-,sqori, find riie ; ;so .good-bye no.mofee . feat .present. .!'. I was murdered iliy. Liz about twenty-' one /years - %fe. ' Go . to the .Deteotive-ofiice, and show them what I . have wrote this morri- ng. Show .them. this paper, and toll thomi. That is all you have- to do at. present. Good-bye." Of, -course the members/ of the force were too ma terialistic in their .beliefs to commcnco a trouble some inquiry' into' circrimstahcfes that happened twenty-one.yjtairi-agqimdduringMi'unseitled epoch in c'olomfeI.hStory ori the mere strengtli of a craok- lntdned.note of -the - kind presented to. them. . But it was inferred' that the inforinatioii- sent them, might have some truth in it, and that those wlio wished to furnish date of the foul - deed chose to adbpt the spiritnalistic "dodge as an excuse for \- / opeiling iip a . subject they desired to have iii- vestigated. Inquiries : were made" iii other directions," !.aid" it- was - found that AYaugh had' " lived in tW! house: .pointed -out, and that he was a in an of .prupfeffyi -Abfnifc tfie- time named he" had- Jehlrned- frtiin the . iliggiiigs, and had ex pressed - considerable anger . because his daughter, though very, young at tlie time, had- fnarried a German shoemaker. He /vas reconciled to this proceeding, however, and riiade an appointment to see,- her, next day, - when ..he would draw some. \- money'- frptn the' bank, and ' set 'her and her husband!' rip ' tn business- Ho did not t»m m> at 'Uie appoInted time, and . the" presumption was -that .lie had : been mnrderetl .. On the „ night, before . his sudden disappearance it was ' "'fouhll that he had slept in the house of his sister, Mrs Spencer, who lived "in the house mentioned, opposite Mr Goldsbrough's store, and belonging to ..that gentleman. ; One witness who seems to be more snccini iu, .her recollection, says that the daughter vraSTharried to the German' on the 2Sth July, JS52. On the night prior to AVaugh's disap pearance he slept in his sister's house, on the sofa ; and next day Mrs Spencer sold tlie horse, dray, and harness that lie had come down to town with. No ""inqiuHes were made concerning the sudden disap pearance of- Wauglv even when it was found that , ,he did wot keep his appointment witli his daughter after the reconciliation, bnt it was observed that , Mrs Spencer waft always annoyed and excited when any inquiries/were niade concerning her brother. On oik ik'caafett shortly after -his' disappearance. -she returned hurriedly to tlie house and asked , ! fvlifttlicr- the police had been there, arid when' asked why she expected a visit from them, she said - that the watercloset was overflowing, when such-was riot 1 the" case., (.Frqm lier strange- conduct "Waugh'ft daughter suspected that her father had been made jjaway with, and that the body had been thrown " intfeyhe water-closet. Mrs Spencer had such fe terroriofj sleeping by herself- at this time, that she induced her niece to sleep with her. ./Neither \- could sleep on one particular night, and Mrs Spfencer/put bet hand out to feel whetlier her. niece was by"lier side. - Oil . ascertaining that she was there, "she ejaculated ." I will settle you," and then .got ontofthe bed and lefttlie room. The .niece So!ieriified that, she hid .amongst the boxes beneath the hedr , arid- presently saw .Mrs Spencer return with a diggar in her liand. Mi's Spencer on ijot., finding her, went, .to/bed. again, and at day! „.-hit)/fhe lieee escaped .into the ' next , house! tdtAfelghfefen , months' 'after Warigli's' disappear! ance, Mre Spencfer married' a man named Miller, and the daughter: does! not know what became of him. The dktfght'e"r,! "aftfer the incidents just re? latotfeiwas' much .troubled iri her mind) another wit1 ness says,) and: tvas heard tosay in her sleep, "thfe police hre coming- .What shnll l do-? They (will be sure to find lnm !" - Furtlier inquiries revealed thri fact tHit hlr Spencer cut his throat, and Mrft "Sgencer",twice" attempted to end her life by the ' tabe means',1 bvit her attemiits were ineffectual. Mrs \- Speririferis vermqn of Waugh's death/ as related by a fevibiefts how itraident at Dandehong, is tliat -he was emplriyfed at Dineford's station, Lancefield, and -was killed by a fall !ffferii his horse; 1 No trace of AVaugh's iSflte' 'or "possessions can be" traced in/Official ref cortlsT. f On Monday arid Tuesday the police, having 2 obtained permission ' from the owners of the pro perty, tore up the: floors of. the old houses in Bourke- streot/ and1 dug for- about 4ft beneath tlie floor/ but could meet with no other bones_ than those that had evideritlybe'eri cm-ried there by i-ftts. 'Qther lvitr neSS® considered to be in the possession of valuable infofciriation are wanted by the police, hut cannot be;f6ririd; ;and s6 tiie mystery rests still to he' cleared up.'.feTkelice deserve great el-edit for the way in vdiifeli/they llri-ve "dnring the last fcW mouths ac- ciriirilftted evideriefe ill the hiattci', hut the discovery of .the eorhtti- delicti is wanted to complete tlioir tririmfelferrTelegrtilih. . ' . . . ; : 