BEECHER'S NEGRO TROUPE. Mr. Spurgeon has found, says an English paper, a rival showman in the Rev. Heury Ward Beecher. The other night Beeeher's Tabernacle, Plymouth Church, was opened for the perform ance of an amateur troupe of negro minstrels to obtain funds for the use of a freedman's college in Tennessee, at which the members of the troupe are obtaining an education. The spacious building was almost filled. The 'Jubilee Singers,' as they are called, were supposed to have been once slaves, and the idea was that the songs given were some of their old camp-meeting melodies; but of some nineteen selections on the programme, but four bore out the promise. The rest of the programme was made up of sentimental pieces, and even one operatic selection. Poor work was made of all this, but the real negro airs of 'Didn't the Lord deliver Da- neil' 'Swing Low, Sweet Chariot,' and 'Roll, Jordan, Roll,' were given very effectively, and brought down the house ; Brother Beecher's Church having no aversion whatever to laugh ter, stamping, clapping, and other theatrical modes and forms. They sometimes touched up in this way the brother himself. Probably the management knew their own interest best; but it seemed better that the troupe should sing camp-meeting and nigger melodies proper than veuture on opera. Your colored individual is not good at Er nani, but when it comes to something about the golden streets or 'de heaven gate, is all at home.. It was notice able in the singers that they had the air of well-trained monkeys when put upon scientific music, but as the pro gramme touched a wild darkey air they limbered out instantly, and sang with mellowness and life. It has not yet been announced whether the next performance at Mr. Beecher's theatre will be comedy, opera, melodrama, or pantomine. The other day, Mr. Spurgeou, addressing some Christian young men said: ' I have received a letter from Australia containing* an 'order for three Baptist ministers.' 1 had some thoughts of getting them packed up and labelled ' This side up with care,' and sending them out by the next mail, but,' continued Mr. Spurgeon, ' the most amusing part was the post script. Here it is—* P. S. Don't send duliers. .This made the Walworth Christian young men laugh exceed ing^ and their mirth was renewed when Mr. Spurgeon added that had it not been for the postscript he could have executed the order at once,' but ' duffers' are no more liked in Austra lia than they are here.' If decided Christians take to poking fun at each other in this fashion, they will be compelled for their own sakes to cul tivate a little toleration. It must be dreadfully provoking for Baptist Mi nisters to hear that it is not ea^y to tind one who is not a ' duller.' Mr. C. H. Spurgeon in Parliament is the latest ideaJ A Liverpool pa per gravely informs us that' it is currently stated that Mr. Spurgeon contemplates a wider sphere of useful ness, and that he may possibly offer himself as a candidate for Lambeth at the next Parliamentary election.' Imagine a man lijte Mr. Spurgeon ■sighing for a \vi{der (sphere of useful ness, and seeking it in the St. Stephen's Club of Dilettanti Legislators Some idea of the tautology of the legal formula: uiay be gathered from the following specimen, wherein if a man wishes to give auother an orange instead of saying, 'I give you that orange';' he must set forth ' his act and deed ' thus,' 1 give you all and singu lar, my estate and interest, ri^ht, title, and claim, aifa advantage of and in that orange, with all its rind, skin juice, pulp, aud pips, and all right and' advantages therein, with full power to bite, cut, suck, or otherwise eat the same omnge, or give the same away, with or without its rind, skin, juice) pulp, and pips, anything heretofore or hereinafter, or in any other deed or deeds, instruments of what kind or nature soever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.'. The following _ sharp retort was made by a inedical witness in cross examination in court the other day. Barrister : A doctor ought to be able to give an opinion of a disease with out making mistakes. Witness: They are as capable as a lawer. Barrister: Doctor's mistakes are buried six feet under the ground; a lawyer's are uot. Witness: But they are sometimes hun<* as many feet above ground. CoMPUXSOKr education is not re quired in New Orleans, where study is made pleasing by a system of in struction like thfe following. Here is a lesson they siug at public school examinations in that city, to the tune of' Yankee Doodle,' visitors and all" joining in the chorus:— ' If anything on earth can make A great and glorious nation It is to give the little ones A thorough education. Chorus. Five time.-! five are twenty five, Five times six are thirty Five times seven are thirty-five, And five times eight are forty.' Some dogs possess a singular'knack of hunting out anything that has recently been in possession of their masters. There is one ludicrous anec dote of this faculty, which, we fear, is too goo i to be true. A gentleman made a bet that a dog would identify a shilling that he had thrown down upon the street. Before the dog had discovered the money a passenger had picked it up. Presently the dog caught the scent, followed the stran ger to his lodgings, remained with him all day, ana attended him to bed, to the great delight of his nefa'y consti tuted master who was extremely flattered by his sudden attachment. But the moment tha gentleman pulled off his pantaloons, in the pocket I of which he had placed the shilling, j the Jog barked at the door, as if de sirous to get out. The door was .opened, the dog caught up the vest ment, and rushed away to his rightful owner. Suicide by Parsees has lately been: on the increase, and the coroner of Bombay has announced his intention of doing what he can to deter other Parsees from self-destruction by or dering a post-mortem examination to be made on the bodies of all suicides, which, according to the Parsees' ideas, will exclude the unfortunates from heaven* The San Francisco News Letter, like every professional joker, is put out of benevolence by a little fun at its own expense, and says:' We regard the atrocious correspondent as an in fernal fiend, a false tongued midnight monster, a red handed assassin, a thief, a he school marm, a fraud, a ghost, and an unpleasant person.! We esteem him a pea-green demon of the steam ing pit, with-a cottonwood tail, eyes in his sides, and a cork neck studded with hot door-knobs! If there is any thing worse than this we think him that. According to the New York State papers the detection of female smug glers on the Canadian frontier is affording very racy developments, and the novel modes of concealing contraband articles would affoi d mate rial for a library of romance. We find nothing more brilliant, however, than the attempt of a few years since to bring over a shipload of brandy, The detectives noticed an unusual number of omen with babies on the train, and becoming a little suspicious examined one of the youngsters. Its clothes were according to regulation, but its body was of tin and filled with the best French brandy. There were no less than forty of the same family on the train. Some one who pretends to know about winning women, says:—' Don't talk about' going to work' to win the affections of a woman ; it can't be done in that way. The more you go to work the more she won't like you. Push her into a duck pond, and pull her out by the hair. If you are afraid to do this, jump in yourself, and let her pull you ont. Lend her money; borrow some from her. Make her be lieve she has deeply wronged you, and then forgive her. Deeply wrong her, and, don't ask to be forgiven. In short, contrive to lay her under a lasting obligation to you, or to* lay yourself under a lasting obligation to her. It does not make the difference" of a headless pin which, as far as con cerns the result.' Is this right, Ladies of the Woman's Eight Association ? California has a new poet who sighs to become a buzzing insect. If kird fate should grant his wish, we would have np further occasion to pub lish poetry like this:— " Ob, for the wings of a horsefly fleet To whiz away on the hazy air To where my true lov« takes her seat, At the foot of the kitchen stair. There I could buzz about her head Of curly blonde bright hair; And perhaps I would bite her nose, sored As she sits od the kitchcu chair. And if she, the darling, gentle dove, Should smite me then and there, My dying sting should be one of love To ber od the kitchen chair. 