TWO TOUGH YARNS' i' On the 24ta of Decemhsr, tdGO, the good ship Polynesia was bowling ul.iiig towards the equator, having rouiiiled Oapu Horn, aud, wita all sail set, making the best of the south east trade wind, wuivb was .blowiug strong and steadily. We had 'a stove in the. fore castle, in which there burned a beautiful urigltt coal fire. Well, about ' Seven bells,' iu the the second dng watch- (half-past seven in the evening), the second mate Jack Rawlins, came forward and informed Uj, us we wen- takiug uiir supper, that the1 captain hud i nrdered' the atetyard tb serve out half-a-piot of rum to '.every, .man, . and provide as .much .lime-juice and sugar as he might "require. It was understood .that, we should have the evening and night to ourselves, ,as far as was compatible with the safety of the. ship. There was. a man at. the wbeeh aiiiithrr on the'dook out, and, with the exception of the chief mate, there Was'no one else on' the deck.-. Merrily the good ship bowled ' along,' the favouring trade wind blowing ' about a point abaft' the beam. ' . - . ' The grog was served hut— half-a- -pint to each man, and quickly brewed nnd discussed, ft was only niite o'clock, and the grog kettle Was em. ty; " Wall, I rather think the skipper mout a'maile it a pint 'stead of just a taste a- piece, anyhow," remarked a tall Yankee, who had shipped under the name of Bill' Jones. ' "I bin about d a few honkers iii my. name,' but never come aiross such a dod.rottpd mean ole cuss as this one." ' " ' "New,. Bill Jones; stow your growling ; you're always at it; like, a- bear with d sore head. ' ' 1 " An' enough to niiike a feller growl— over six feet four and only half-n- pint." ' ' ' "Aii' a darned ugly-knnck.kneed, sltib sided six foiit four you ure, Bill Jones uuss me, it t hhd sncli a name, if l'Wi/Uld'ht'piiwn it aiid lose the ticket." ' ' - This speech. was from another Yankee, one Sam Smith — at least lie shipped as Sam Smith, and so signed his name ih'lite arUeles. These two were perpetually having Wordy conflicts together. Both were sharp and '.''shrewd, and had an abundant fund of wit at 'command. Indeed, they 'provided a never ending fond of merriment hy their bickerinas andintereliuiige of chutf, The two men were as different itt appearance as it is possible to conceive. Bill Jones was, as he said, over six feet four in height, with long sinewy arms, liku those of an ouruiig-outiiug, , or ilio tiewiy discovered gorilla. His legs iU-mude, and us Sum Smith said, slab- sided, and knock-kneed. He was immensely powerful; Indeed, Bill Jones' pull on u'rbpu wnis'us good ostwo of ordinary men. 4 long lean face, ...with cavernous jaws, pro minent cheek bones, and a head which came up to a peak in-hind, ' made him a curious object to behold.' -His .walk .was something between a ,trot and a shuffle, but somehow, or other his great carcase got. over, the decks us quickly lis-most. He ltad-'n long heard, or rather tuft, but np whiskers. : This gave hint a very curious.expressionr-rinde'ed, quite comical, and when he' grinned, to avoid laughing was almost impossible.1/ As for liis mental peculiarities, the nojy ones we - need here dwell on were his.qiiaint humour and stolid good temper and invete rate. huhit of Ijing Indeed, in .'this Jatter accomplishment all were agri e l tliat. ni> soul on hosrd'was in tho same-strei-t "> ith liim— except itie other Yankee, Sam Smith. Kiicti hud their purtizatis, suinp-ileclaring. that San. jror us heWusncalled. frqtn, his .small' size, " Cockroach "—was '. the -chain | ion ;:>tltliers maitifaiiiipg that fj.rvlie'an," as Bill', aqnickr named, could spin the' toughest yarn .ever heard on board ship Cockroach'. prtsl-nieil a remarkable contrast tb ; liis'- countfyiiian. He was at. the outside tive'feet'lwo, coiiijiueily built, and not weighing more than eight';sto"hi>, white the otner would certainly have pulled down duuble that weight. Ho was actiyti'hnd agile as a squirrel, and, despite . his /small size, a. very efficioiit.sramitn, and always worth his " wage." A favourite topic- lor chaff with, each was the size ut the other. .The little one declared that tlie " Slab-sided ghost was. a cross, b-tweou a'eow girafftj. aim it gum tree," white Tnitt was nut slow . to re- taliate in kind on the " darned iittle'shfimp," as he'fainiliarly crllul h m.'" , I tell.yo'u whiit it .is," . said the sj-cond mate, after some de- ultnry chuff, and discus; siuii as to tilt absence of the needful to have mother kettle,.." let's have a' yarn all round, I'll get some inorp grog, and the man 'who tells the: 'itougliest yarn ' 'shall hare1 double .llowance all , 'tlie 'rest of 1 the pussage. ' llv, g. t apriva 'e stick m'yself. an'd I'll'sfand fur the sake ol Hearing a regular siuirter.'/ , > At aiwii "am ip ujf lUUlltlCi J-' VI ICll the' littla Yankee ais sure as my uame's Hiraui Abiram Vouslammer;' . . 'An' I'll put the stuns on yourn . Cock roach, as sure as my name's Jusephus Jehoram Jam-n rter:' ' That's q sw eet name of yours, Cockroach. Why didn't you ship under — ; — ' ' It uir a nice name, now ain't it,' he'replied. with affected pride, ' a feller wi'. a nanle'like that moit' be Hiiyt jiing lie liked-T-Pr.imiileni »' the Yeuniteu' State's. Ait' as.to Aylty 1 didn'i ship under it, "it's too good a nai\io . t i' 'be bruited about anyliourl ' Wh'url war riz.they stuck .another o.ji, but T'dropp-il it;! ,'Tuin'i wen to oe iu au-ureu una pruuu, - , . 'Wnat was t'other name j!, . , \- ' Hiram Abiram - Ripslasher Yonslammer, in full. They runstogether pretty .4'yll, but I'm content wi'. three.' , \ " . I'll bet a Week's grog on Htram. Abiram Rip'smasher 'Vonsiammer,' said; the a boat swain' a man; wi'/ a uame l|kh 'that -can't lose.' ;": " , : ' .. !j - ..' An' I'll stand, to' Josephns Jehoram Jam- .snortjsri !, Ijlike the eudiug Jomsndrtor ; itko the. . soum! 'o a bull bellowiuf thrpugh a .ijieiikin trduipef;'. : | # si-' / . ' Cockroach' siils rouml hiin ! I'll bet— — r' ' Pelican goes ahead wi' reet iii' his topsail and a spai(e topmast tow ing astern ' , ' v' 'At lust silence .was restored, "and .the con test . begun. Although ; it was' . universally believed ' that the palm . lay betw'ee'n , ; the Yankees, several others' volunteered yarns, some of which were pretty stffish. . ( ' The boaisvVuin told how be was 'sucked down the intalstrom,' hut when' asked how he got up again, said he ' was Mowed if he knew : he riz somewhere lie supposed.? This was voted unsatisfactory, and another told s wuntlerfnl adventuie with an iceberg. How ever, we will dismiss these and get to: tin two tough yarns. To he Conf iMi- d. 