I . 2¡ THE DEVIL IN BRIRBÁNB. Tira following caso was tried at tho last sessions at Brisbane:-Desmond v. Batty.-This was on action for £lö ' for personal injuries. 'Tho plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, labuurer, residing in Lower . Qlasheen, and tho defendant was Mr. Thomas Batty, tho proprietor of the circus performing in Great Georgo's-strect. Tho process stated :-V Tho plaintiff, olaims £15 damages for. loss, injury, and damages sustained by thc plaintiff through tho carelessness, negligence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circus in Great Gcurgc-strcct a certain animal callod a camel, his property, which animal he, in tho month of December, 1871, negligently and care- ', lessly permitted and suffered to escape and break from 6nld circus and wunder through tho streets and up to the Lower Glnshoen road, where said camel did force . its way into plaintiff's house, und thero injure, knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice ho hos been put to expense and loss of time. Mr. Hayes for tho plaintiff, and Mr. J. T. O'Connell for .thc de- fendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, deposed that on the Friday before Christmas ho was silting at tho door of his house on the Lower Glashecn roud, minding Borne pig's food. His. wife was at work within tho house. Ho and his wife had been talking about ghosts,' and about tho devil, and about half-past six o'clock, while they were BO talking, " n queer thing " came up to tho door. He Boreeched for he did not know who it was. Ile thought it was the devil. (Laughter.) It had a long neck, big legs, and a hump ever so big on its bock. Ho screamed, but he could not stir ; ho was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two foro pans in, ' and crushed him against the sido of the door with its shoulder. It got in a couplo of feet inside the thresh- old, and left the prints of its paws there. Mr. Hayes : Why did'nt it go in fúrthei P Desmond ! Oh, sir. the hump-(laughter)-the hump was so big he could not " get in tho door. (Renewed laughter.) I got such a : fright I was not able to cat as much for three days as in one day before. (Much laughter.) How did ho get out P He backed out again the way he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell:;.What did you think you had before you .when you saw it? The devil. (Loud laughter.) I ? believe you hod been talking about tho devil P Maybe I wor. (Laughter.) But wore you P I wor. (Much, laughter.) What put tho devil into your head, that you had.been talking about him ? Faith, I could not tell you; But what sort of n thing was it P Oh, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing, amidst roars of laughter, to a jury-box about fifteen feet from him.) Had lie anything but this neck P Faith, he had a hump on his back, over so big, and he had long legs. and eyes, and a big mouth.'' (Moro laughter.) Do you soo" anything in court that you would compare ; him ' to P I don't thon, I'm aure. .When ho come in the.door I would«give allin tho world to got him out of my sight. (Groat laugh- ter.)' .'Did yoii got up off tho chair P Indeed, . I did'nt '¡;..a better . mon than mo could not do it. . (Renewed laughter.) Did you attempt to, Bhovo him., out P .JI .did .:not try,, to. Bhovo him out. I'did,. nothing at ' all to him, for I was , afraid of my life of him. Faith, if you hud bnyonets you could do nothing at all to him; (Groat laughter.) I was not ablo to go to work for four days after, for I gat a pain. in my heart from. him. .(Roars¡of laughter.) Mrs. Desmond (wife of thc plaintiff) said : My husband on tho night iii question WAS minding Borne pigs' food at thc door, und'I was at work inside. All at puce I heard a bitter screech out of him. I looked down and I saw tho thing " a blow" mo with his neck stretched in OB far OB ho could stretch it. " Oh," Boys I, "Pray to Almighty God, for it ls nothing good " (Laughter.) " Muy tho Lord.rosovo our soul says I, and . I fell, down on my knees in a Ut. ' (Roars of laughter.) Did you ever BOO the liko of it before? Oh no, sir. - Wliat happened then P Tho boys about tho. placo took it.nway. CruBS examined by Mr.,O'Connel : What were you talking about when tho animal came to tho door P . My husband was blaming mo for hoing out sb long, and ho ivas talking about ghosts and the devil. When I'looked and BOW the animal; says I, " it ls tho evil is there, now surely.. (Shouts of laughter.) Mr. Hayes: That is tho defenca at tho other sloe, your worship-that it. was tho. devil. was there and not tho camel, (Laughter.) Mr.'Gregg! Didn't your husband Bay to you just before, "The dovil. toko you." WitncsB: lie did, -.sir. Mr. O'Connell: Is he in the linbltof talking about the dovil P Well, he wos. Bir ; ho.wus too often tn his mouth, as I often told him. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a judgment on him that the dovil should mako'his ap- pearance to seo ufter him' under those circumstances P Wishn, I suppose it was, slr. Ho was after calling on him too often, and it waa serving him right. (Laughter.), HUB ho been talking about the devil B'HICOP Ho has not, sir. (Laughter.) His Worship considered the plaintiff had received damages on tho occiisliin, and gave decree for £3. Q. Times 