UNION FOR PRAYER. . It will be remembered -that the Diocesan Synod at its recent meeting resolved to adopt the suggestion of the Hon. Arthur Kmnaird, M.P., and Dr. Merle D'Aubign6 for united prayer in May. We have been favoured with the following copy of the Special Litany prepared by the Bishop of Adelaide for use in the Church of England in this colony during Whitsuntide :— \- . A SPECIAL LIT ANT. /•For the whole state of Christ's Church Militant here in Earth, which may be used on WHIT- SUNDAT, MAT 29, and SEVEN DATS AFTER, in Public Prayer, at the discretion of the Minister, and in private devotions. In accordance with resolution o£ Synod, May A. ADELAIDE. "ilf ye.ask anything in my name I will do-it."• PART I. God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost, have mercy, we beseech Thee, upon Thy whole Church: and at this time be pleased to pour upon it the refreshing dew of Thy^grace, that, cleansed in all its branches from iniquity, error, and division, it may be devoutly given to serve'Thee in all good works to the glory of Thy Name; We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. That at this time in all Churches of thy Saints Thy Gospel may come with power, and love, and much assurance ; convincing men of their ungodliness and sin ; and leading them to Christ as the one propitiation to cleanse them from all unrighteousness; ' We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. That at this time more especially a21- Thy servants everywhere, being justified freely by. Thy grace through faith in Christ's, atoning sacrifice, may be more sanctified; and bring forth abundantly ±he fruits of Thy Spirit; - ' We beseech Thee to hear tis, good Lord. That it may please Thee to strengthen us and all Thy servants with Thy Spirit in the inner man, that Christ may dwell in all our hearts : that He may be one with us and we with Him; • We beseech 2hee to hear us, good Lord. ' PART H. That it may please Thee at this time more especially to comfirm the souls of Thy servants in the truth of Thy Gospel: and to banish and drive away from amongst us and all Thy Churches all false doctrines, Rationalism, and unbelief: We beseech Thee, to hear us, good Lord. That Thy Holy Scriptures may have free course in all heathen lands: and wheresoever the Word of Truth hath hitherto been bound, that it may speedily deliver' men's souls from ignorance, superstition,priestcraft, andidolatry. We beseech 2hee to hear us, good Lord. Son of God, we beseech Thee to hear us; and O, Thou Great Head of the Church, make Thy servants to be all of one heart and one mind ; that Thy Churches—Greek, Roman, and Reformed—may be one in Thee,- and serve Thee in all godly quietness, in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life; We beseech Thee to hear us, good Lord. 0 Christ, hear us. Lord, have mercy upon us. Christ, have mercy upon us^ Lord, have mercy upon us. OUR FATHER, &c.; Amen. 