FRIDAY, March 1. Anne Jones deposed: I am the wife of Thomas Jones, the last witness ; on the 25th of November last I went to.- Tartella with my husband; we arrived l..twven .'- .illl (i .,?.!....!; in the cvelii:!^ ; that evening Mr Hik- c-iiiii.- 1-. T.iite'li and br.mjit the mail ; I kn-iv.- the ].ris.«n..T Mr? l'.e-k.-U ; Hiics came to the l.ar!o-.ir. and *aid Ijefore Mrs Beckett that Mr Zicman wa? iKioiiic ; I am s'ii- we were both there ; he said, ??Mr Zivniaii ?« Mi^in' ;' he said that Mr Zieman's h..rf.- iv.is found liiiiHtrung at the Gunde Gunda Creek ; he said Rogers, the postman, found the horse ; Mrs Beckett said Mr Zieman was a bad rider, and the horse might have thrown him, and that he got l-.st once Ici'irc pimp on to .Surat : I don't remem- ber the exact words she used ; 1 said, " In jumping over a log the horse might have got hurt ;' Hiles !-ai 1. 'No; tlie out waa made by a sharp instru ment :' the priwiiiiT aa-.l, 'Th.uik God, Patsy {or mv bi-uthi-r— I am in-t sun- which) did not leave the Ftatijii with Mr Zieiiian ;' Mr Hiles asked prisoner to f-irtj.l notice fi the Siirat jxilice ; to the liest of my biliif -.tii-.-r partici ?-.iiik: in, 1 can't say whom ; on thr-2Gih Novunl,-.r Mis lL.;k..tt, my husband, and I w^nl t« the 'i'.ir'.clla srave-yjini at about C p.m. j we stayed then; ,-, -b...-t tiim; : Jones left a short time Iwfi.rcj us ; theiiia!:niee of the yard from tbe house is about :i()ll yar.!h ; pris «icr nml I followed Jones ; 1 saw .lane l!yl'_ r;iii 1 1 M rs Swift and tell her fiomc thing ; only heard the won! 'murder' of w4i.it she said ; Mrs Beckett was by my side at the time ; pri soner picked up h-;r dreiss in her hands aud ran ou towards Mi* Swift, who was standing opposite the K'.'hnni-li.iiise ; a -lUMibur of people got together- I don't reineiiilwr tli in all— on the kitdien verandah; p.imel.ody asked Mr Hilus if Mr /iieman was mur di-red : he answered, ' Yes, just as I expected ;' he mid, 'The murderer will be found within three days ;' lie said it wan a strange tiling, after tbe heavy rain that fell, that the nails in the heel of the boots could be counted that the murderer wore ; somebody asked, ' Was Hiiylmdv suspected J' be aiiKwcrcii, ' No ;' 1 rcmombcr tlie morning of the 27th November j I saw Mr I'lir, 1'nlice Magistrate at St. George, and Rergcastfl Downie and Cranncy at the station ; onthe'JSth November Si-rgt. Downie came by himself ; it was early in the day; Mrs licckett and 1 were iu the kitchen ; prisoner said, ' I have shifted 1'atsy'e boots into the old man's room ; they won't try there as be is sick ;' I said, 'You foolish woman, Sergeant Cramiey looked at them yesterday, they will miss them ;' shortly aftur I was in the kitchen with Mrs Ucckctt. she came out from the dining-room ; the kitchen wall is ou the left hand side coming from the parlour ; she had bits of leather in oue of her hands ; they were leather straps ; oue of the pieces was the forehead band of a bridle ; I saw the loops ; 1 could not tell what the others were ; the head-baud was slightly soiled ; I don't belipvo thure were auy cheek-pieces; Mrs Beckett said, ' I don't know who owns these, I'll bum them ;' I said, ' You fonlish woman, they'll smell leather burning, put them under your drew ;' Mrs Beckett made some answer, 1 think she said they were too busy ; she opened the fire with a spade and put the leather in and covered them over ; on Monday, the 27th November, Mrs licckett (I being in the kitchen) said tome, 'Mrs Jones, will you take a pocket-book for me ?' she said there might be some papers in it she did not know of ; I said ' Yes ;' Mrs Beckett left the kitchen and went into the house, and I went to the dray camped closed to the house; when I came back to the kitchen Mrs Heckett said she had given the pocket-book to Mrs Swift ; my husband was about the station on the 28th of November ; I remember tho 20th of Novem ber ; my husband started away with the prisoner in a spring-cart ; they returned the next day in the spring-cart ; I said, ' You did not go all the way ;' prisoner said, ' William has sont me a message, to go no further ;' by all the way, 1 meant to the Bridge ; by 'William,' she meant her husband ; on the 30th of November we cammed under our dray — my huBband and myself ; I can't say whether he Blent or not, 1 know I did. Thomas Doylo being recalled, deposed : I have been previously examined in this case ; I remember tbe 26th November when Hiles reported at Tar tella the finding of Mr Zieinan's body ; I remember about 9 o'clock that night 1 saw Mrs Beckett on the kitchen verandah ; Mrs Beckett said she was glad her brother did not go tlie road Mr Zieman went, or perhaps people might think it was him that did it, as ho bad just oome out of trouble ; I remember the the morning of tbe 27th November ; I was going up to the stockyard about 10 that morning ; Mrs Beckett who was at the end of the store, called mo book ; she said 'Doyle, I want to speak to you ;' 1 went back, and she said, ' Will you oblige me to turn out two horses out of tho large paddock ;' I said 1 would ; I askod ' What sort of horses are they ?' she told me one was a large bay like a draught horse ; I asked her what brands ; she said ' 1 don't know ;' she said ' The second horsoisa roun horse, and the only roan horse in the paddock ;' I went to tbo yard and found tbe bay hone in the yard at the back of the store ; had a conversation with » station black boy about that horse, and in consequence I turned him out of the yard ; the liorse I turned out was branded OWoverMnear«houlder( togetto the bash the horse hud 'to pan tlie Idtohsu ; 1 went into the hut | 1' taw MM Beokett, Mr« Jones, and Mr* Holmes on the kitchen verandah when the horse passed ; I stayed in the hut about half an hour; I came over to the kitchen verandah ; I met Mrs Beckett on the verandah ; she asked if I had turned the horses out ; I told her I had turned the big bay horse out ; she said, " That must be the horse ;" I told her I could not see the roan horse ; she said. ' Never mind, its no odds ; I dare say they turned him out before they went to St. George ;" she said on account of Mr Beckett being awny she did not want any stragglers in the paddock, in case the police should come it would not look well ; I went away then ; I remember the day Mrs Beckett, Jane Ryle. and Jones came back to Tartella ; I slept in front of the kitchen door with my head towards the parlour door ; about 11 o'clock that night I was awoke by a rushing noise going past my head ; I believed it was some one in their night- dress going outside from the passage ; the cause of the noise went round Jones's room before I could get my eyes opened to see; neither saw nor heard anything else that night ; next morn- ing in the kitchen in presence of Mrs Holmes, Mrs Beckett, and others I made a laugh by saying I had seen a ghost : I had a conversation with Tom Jones; the day after I turned the bay horse out of the pad pock I saw Hiles and Sergeant Downie at Tartella stockyard ; there was a mob of horses there ; I saw the horse I turned out there ; I next saw him at St. George in the hands of the police, when Patrick Collins was in custody ; Mrs Beckett never gave orders about horses before. By Mrs Beckett : Q Where there some mares and foals very poor in the paddock when my husband was at St. George's Bridge? A. : [ don't remember. — Q. : Don't you remember you did not know what mares and foals to turn out? A. : I don't remember that Q. : Did you ever know me at any time to go out in my night-dress? A. : Never ? : The night vou heard the noise did you hear the back door open ? A. : I did not. .lane ISylc deposed : I have beeen examined in this case before ; 1 remember the h'rst time Mr Uiir, the Police Magistrate at St George, Sergeant Ctainucy, nud Sergeant Dowuie ciinu to Tartella station'; Mrs Holmes was there; that day I had a Conversation with Mrs Holmes about a pistol ; after that conversation Mrs lUckott gave me a good hiding — she boat me ; 1 was in my bedroom ; she said that would make menot tell about a pistol again, or words to that effect ; the day before the police OAiiic Mrs Beckett told me if they asked me any question* 1 was to say I did not know ; Mrs Beckett aaid she would thrash me if I told the pnlicc ; some dnvs after Mr Zieman left, in the pretence of Mrs Holmes and myself. Mrs Beckett said, ' Before I'll tell all I know I'll have a rope put round my nock ;' 1 swear that is true. Hv prisoner : -). : Did I not tell you, if the police nuked you anything, to tell nothiug but the truth ? A. : No, you 'did not tell me so.— Q. : Did I not tell you before Mrs Holmes? A. : No, Mrs Holmes was not there. Christopher Weiss deposed : I am a laborer in Mr William Beckett's employ at Tartella station ; I take care of Mr John Beckett, scur., and milk the cows ; I remember the 21st of November -the day Mr Simon Zieman went away from Tartella ; I was oh the station from that date till I went to St George's Bridge ; it was about ten days ; I was sum moned to St George ; Mrs Beckett went away with Tom Jones in a spring-cart ; the servant Jane Ryle went with her ; they all came back next day ; on the night they returned I slept outside the old man's room on the verandah ; Mrs Beckett came and woke me up about 8 o'clock ; I went to bed between 7 and 8 ; I was just falling asleep ; she said, 'Would you be so kiud .is to let me get into the old man's room ; 1 got up ; thv went in and n as looking under tbe old man's bunk ; she brought a pairof boots out ; I saw her take them from under the bed ; sheaBked me to take them ; I did so ; she handed them to me ; she told me to take them down to the creek and throw them into the middle of the waterhole ; she also said, 'Don't make any noise about it,' adding 'You must not tell anybody ;' I went away down to the creek with the boots in my hand ; from there I went to the cow-yard with the boots ; I put them away where I could find them again after ; I had a good look at them ; I then went back to my bed again ; \l»-.! 1}.-..b*-ff m**»nt. aivnv nirain t.nrn np t.hrpp Hnvfl afterwards ; Tom Jones took her away again ; Agues Beckett (her daughter) and Mrs Swift went, too, in a spring cart ; after they went away, I went to the cow-yard to look for the boots again ; the boots were in the same place I left them ; I took them to tbe house ; I showed them to Mrs Holmes ; 1 had a conversation with her about the boots ; I was in the old man's room when I showed them to Mrs Holmes ; the boots I had were not mates ; I knew the left hand boot, and should know it again ; it had nails in the front of the heel aud the toes broken ; the right boot belongs to old Mr Beckett ; Mrs Holmes looked under the old man's bunk and gave me the fellow of the left hand bont ; she gave me both boots ; [exhibit No 37 in duplicate produced] the left boot of No. 37 is the one prisoner gave me to throw into the waterholc ; the right is the one Mrs Holmes took from under the old man's bed ; I know a man named Hat Nihill ; I saw him get them from Mrs Holmes ; I make no mistake about the boots ; Mrs Beckett had no light in her hand when she gave me the hoots to destroy. William Dowuie, being sworu, deposed ; [ have been already examined in this case ; ou the 27th of November last I was at Tartella in company with Mr Uhr, Police Magistrate at St. George ; 1 was searching Tartella House ; Mrs Beckett was in my company part of the time whilst we were searching; in aiiBwer to questions of her own, I said to her that her husband, her brother Patsy Collins, and John Shannon M 'Govern were in the lockup at St. George ; she seemed to be already aware of the fact ; 1 told her not to fret about her husband, as he was all right, there was nothing against him, or words to that effect ; I was again at Tartclla on tho 28th of November ; I questioned Mrs Iteckctt as to where were her brother Patrick's boots, had lie boots, and so on ; she said he had only one pair of boots — elastic-side, boots— the ones ho wore to the Bridge ; I was, on the l.'ith of February, at Tartella -, I saw Mrs Beckett in ber parlor ; I said to her, ' t arrest you, Mrs Beckett, on a warrant in which you arc charged with harboring and receiving Patsy Col lins, on or after the 21st of November last, well knowing him to have murdered Simon Zieman ;' prisoner made some reply to the effect that surely she was not to lie taken away again. By prisoner : Q. : Did you hear me say that if I knew anything about my brother I would tell you ? A. : You said something to that cllcct. This concluded the case for the Crown. Mrs Beckett, being called on for her defence, said: 'I know nothing about tho matter, but that I believe Patrick Collins was the mau who murdered Mr Simon Zieman.' For the defencu, prisoner called John Aitken, who, being sworn, deposed (ex amined by prisoner) : I remember tho 26th Novem ber ; Hilcs gave the second report of the murder of Mr Zieinaiij I heard Mrs Beckett say to Hiles, ' You mean to say that Mr Zieman is murdered ?' T novcr saw you at any time walk a'-out in your night- dress in the night time ; 1 never heard Johnny Itcckett make any remark about pistols ; 1 never heard you mention Mr Ross's name about pistols. Kiln Swift (examined by prisoner), being sworn, deposed : I remember tbe 26th November, when Hiles brought the report of Mr Simon Ziomtin's murder to Tartclla ; I heard you say, ' O, how horrible I' as I came on to the verandah ; that was all I beard ; 1 then went back to the school-house. Prisoner was committed for trial nt the ensuing sessions at Toowoomba. Bail refused. 