RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTROPHIC. Evangelical Lutheran Church. The opening services of the newly-erected Bethlehem Lutheran Church, Flinders- street, took place on Sunday, June 23. The morning proceedings were entirely in German. The choir rendered efficient assistance throughout the day; Mr. J. C. Hansen ably presiding at the organ, which was manufactured by Mr. Wolff, and is a fine, sweet, full-toned instrument, of good compass and power. Before unfastening the door the Rev. P. J. Oster, of Rosenthal (a hymn having been sung by the choir) addressed the assemblage which was congregated in front from the words, 'I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Our feet shall stand within Thy gates, O Jerusalem.'— Psalms cxxii. 1,2. He remarked that last year they assembled to lay the foundation, and what they then prayed for was fulfilled, for the church with its lofty spire now stood completed before them. The present was an important occasion for his German fellow-colonists, who were about to enter the building to celebrate divine worship. The edifice by the blessing of God had been erected without any accident occurring to those who worked on it. The duty and honour had fallen to his hands of being the one who had to open the door, thereby enabling the congrega- tion to assemble and hold the first divine service within the walls. Having referred to the principles of the denomination, he opened the doors in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The ministers, followed by the assemblage, then proceeded into the sanctuary, the choir singing until all the people were seated. The Rev. C. F. A. Strempel, of Hahndorf, in an able address referred to the success of their labours, and to the thanks which were due to the Almighty for the blessings He had bestowed. Prayer was fol- lowed by the congregation singing the hymn commencing, 'Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott; Ein gute Wehr und Waffen.' After service at the communion-table another hymn was sung by the choir. The Rev. Mr. Heidenreich then preached from Revelations xxi. 1 to 5. At the beginning of the discourse he spoke of the success of their labours, and of the libe- rality shown by both English and German resi- dents in all parts of the province. He also referred at length to the duties of a con- gregation and the observances of worship. A collection was then made, which realized £26 17s. 7d. Praise followed, service at the Communion - table recommenced, and the proceedings closed with further sing- ing. In the afternoon there was a crowded attendance, numbers of English persons being present. The service, which was entirely English, began with the singing of the hymn 'Great God Thy watchful care we bless.' The Rev. C. G. Teichelmann then read from 2 Chronicles, vi. 12, to the end; and the hymn 'The Kingdom of God' having been sung, he preached from 1 Peter, ii. 4, 5— 'To whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious, ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.' The preacher closed an earnest discourse, spoken in clear language, with the exhortation of the Apostle Paul: — 'My beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord; for as much as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.' The service closed with singing. The contributions reached £28 11s. In the evening the audience was large, and the Rev. P. J. Oster preached from Luke xix., 1 to 10\. The collection was £10 14s., making the total pecuniary proceeds £66 2s. 7d. We may here remark that the new church, which was designed by Mr. James Cumming, is in the early Gothic style, built of dark rubble stone, with rusticated quoins and dressings of cement. The principal entrance is in the centre of the front, and through a vestibule under the tower, thence by an inner lobby to the aisles. The total length of the interior is 77 feet, the breadth 43 feet, and the height from floor to upper portion of the ceiling is 30 feet. At the further end is a dais, on which are the altar and pulpit, both of cedar enriched with bronzed metal-work. A gallery runs across the front of the building, and under this on each side of the vestibule is a room measuring over 13 feet square. At the rear there is a hall measuring 30 by 18 feet, and 14 feet in height The building is lighted by lancet windows at the sides and rose windows over the gallery; the gas-lighting is by 'starlights' suspended from the ceiling. The tower, which is of a continental character, rising to a height of 118 feet from the ground, contains a large chamber, in which are to be placed three bells, which are being cast in Germany out of cannon captured from the French during the late war, and presented by Prince Bismarck, on behalf of the Emperor. The main building was designed to accommodate between 400 and 500 persons, but it is believed there is room for about 600. Over the pulpit is an arched recess, containing in German ornamental lettering the words, 'The Gospel of Christ is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth' (Romans i. 16). In front of the stand on which is placed the vessels used in the observance of the Lord's Supper is the sentence, embossed on cloth— 'Come, for all things are now ready.' (Luke xiv. 17.) The building has externally a striking appearance, is substantial yet neat, and the materials are evidently excellent. Inside the sanctuary has a light taste- ful look. The acoustics are good, and the ventilation admirable. The gas fittings, which are bright and well arranged, are valued at £50, and have been presented by Mr. H. L. Vosz. A communion service worth £20 has been given by Mr. Steiner, and some anony- mous contributor on Sunday morning got into the church unawares and left a pair of handsome silver-gilt vases. Liberality has been shown, not only by those chiefly interested in this place of worship, but by persons of other creeds and nationalities. Our German fellow-citizens may certainly be now congratulated upon having in the metro- polis a building for public worship more in harmony with their numbers, intelligence, enterprise, and means, than the small and in- convenient structures which have hitherto been used. Wesleyan Home Mission. The annual meeting in connection with the Wesleyan Home Mission and Contingent Fund was held in the schoolroom behind Archer-street Church, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, July 10. In spite of the inclemency of the weather, which no doubt deterred man v from venturing out, there was a very good attendance. Mr. J. Dunn, Jub., presided, and, after a few introductory remarks, the following (6th) report was read by the Secretary, Mr. Roberts :— 'In submitting our sixth annual report of this fund to the Methodist public the Committee would refer with thankfulness to the gratifying increase in the contributions as compared with former years. The amount for the present year has reached the sum of £1,000. With this en couraging fact before them the Committee feel stimulated to express a hope that the next year's contributions will reach the sum of £1,200, and they earnestly entreat the co-operation of all who are interested in working this fund in setting this standard of amount before the public. Whilst feeling devoutly thankful to Almighty God for HLs blessing on past efforts, the Committee still deem it to be a duty to remind contributors that even such an amount as £1,200 could not enable it to meet all the demands made upon* this fund. The opening up of the new areas has entailed a double burden upon the Methodist Church. As there ha3 been no real increase to the population of the colony but simply a dispersion ef those formerly settled m the older districts to newer and remoter ones, so, on the one hand, the migration has weakened some of our old-established Circuits, rendering them less able to bear their necessary financial expenses in maintaining our Church economy and, on the other hand, the new districts are' too thinly peopled to be self-supporting in rela tion to the settlement of ministers in their midst. Both these cases can be mat in p-rt though not fully, by the help which thi- fund affords. The District Meeting in its aun-ul councils hashitherto promptly responded tooverv call from these newly-proclaimed areas made by the numerous families belonging to the Wesleyau Church which havo formed part of the exodus The ability, however, ef the District Meeting both to sustain present enterprises and to mael future invitations will depend entirely upon the gupport which this fund will afford to back up such undertakings. The visits of the Chairman of the District to the country circuits during th« past year havo been as frequent as possible. To the unremitting care which he has bestowed upon these parts of the colony, and especially so in connection with the public services which art held for the benefit of this fund, w due in a! measure its continued prosperity. Two students for tho ministry who were re commended by tho last District Meeting to receive the benefits of a special training for their future work have been plaood under the caro and tuition of tho President of tha Princo Alfred College, and their educational expenses will bo chargeablo upon this fund. Two separate charges upon the bounty of thi* fund hwe been incurred through the oooupatioa of two of the lately proclaimed areas by young ministers appointed to this duty by the Con ference. There is much further scope for tha energy and zeal of the Wesleyan Church is this direction, but the responsibilities which attend upon the occupation of such fields of labour are becoming so weighty that we would remind our supporters that nothing but steady, consistent, and enlarged liberality will encourage'th© Com mittee to add to those already mourred.1 We have much pleasure in colling the : attention of the Trustees of our Church properties to a small list of donations which is added to tho general sub3cription-list of this fund, contributed by some of our Chapel Trusts to the Chapel Buildiug and Loan Fund, and forwarded to the Committee by the Rev. S. Knight, of Moonta. That gentleman was ap pointed by tho late District Meeting. to the, duty of soliciting subscriptions to the abovemen tioned fund from the Trusts of our various Church properties. We commend his overtures to the sympathy of our Trustees, - and sincerely hope that his efforts will meet with the suocea^ they deserve, and that the annual subscription will become a stated and reliable source ,of income to that fund. In conclusion, the Com mittee would remind tho friends and supporters of the Home Missions Fund that there are two grounds of hope for the future success of' our common Christian enterprises. The first' is found in the fact that the staple production* of the colony are rapidly rising in value in the world's markets, and this event promises a general increase of our temporal prosperity, and with it an enlarged ability to support the beneficent undertakings which this fund con templates. The second and greater arises from that power which the Church of Christ has ever possessed— the power of supplicatory prayer to Him who holds all hearts as well as all events in His Divine hands ; and who can secretly re (-lenish the wasted cruse of oil, or multiply tha oaves in the hands of His disciples to meet & lesser or a greater want. The work is the Lord's, and we earnestly beg the prayers of our people to secure the Divine blessing upon our operations.' Appropriate addresses were delivered by tho Revs. T, Llotd, W. L. Binks, and W. P. Wblm. During the evening selections of sacred musio were given by the choir, and the singing of ona young lady, who possessed a singularly rich and sweet voice, attracted much attention. A oolleo - tion was made, and the proceedings closed with the usual votes of thanks. Abobioines' Fhiends' Associatiok. Ihe Committee of this Society met on Monday, ? Juue 24, to consider the appointment of a successor to the Rev. .Georgo Taplin, who3a resignation was accepted at the previous meet ing. There was a large gathering, and Mr. N. Blyth presided. Before considering the appli cations, a letter was read from Mr. Taplin, pro posing to withdraw his resignation on condition of his being relieved from certain duties which pressed heavily upon him, and suggesting a plan for effecting this without increasing the working expenses of the Association, or impairing the efficiency of its management. After some discussion, it was resolved that tho plan pro posed should be tried as an experiment for six months, with the view of ascertaining .whether his health would endure the diminished labour, and whether the plan was in other respects . workable. ' ? .- The Rev. F. W. Cox, who had been deputed to inspect the establishment in anticipation of Mr. Taplin's removal, gave in the following leport as the result of his visit : — ? ' In accordance with the reoufl&paade; by you a^'tn*^laSt'Jlmeeting, I 'visited the r JJhwmvt at Point Macleay, and made a general inspection of the establishment, finding everything in a satisfactory condition. Good progress has been made since my last visit, and the village of Reid Town, with the chapel, residence, and school bouse, presents a far more striking appearance than many townships whose names are far better known, there being a collection of at least 16 substantial stone buildings, besides the two facing the Lake. In the school I found 41 children present, whose cheerful looks indicated contentment witn their lot. The reading of the upper class in the Third Irish Lesson Book was fair, tho spelling good, and the comprehension of what was read as full as could be expected from children to whom the subject was utterly foreign. In a dictation lesson of 30 words four children made one error each, two others had two mistakes, and three had three mistakes; nearly the whole, however, arose from a native peculiarity very difficult to correct. In arith metic, out of 11 sums in tho first four rules, simple and compound, six were right and fivo were wrong. The copy-books were very clean, and many of the children write a fair hand. The chapel is a very neat structure, and so neatly kept, so well matted on the floor, and so well furnished as to put to shame many a place of worship supported entirely by white people. Forty or more attended the evening service, of whom few were white, and were addressed by myself and by the Rev. H. Cheetham, who accom panied, me. The stock appeared to be in good condition, and does not differ from the state ment previously laid before the Committee. There are now 160 acres under crop; but there is no reason why there should not be twice or three times this amount, aa there is available land ready for clearing and tilling as soon as funds can be found for an additional cart, plough, harrowa, &c.; The importance of ob taining a larger block for pasture for tho sheep is very evident, and it is much to be desired that present efforts to that end will be successful, and the righteous claim of the aboriginal popu lation to have paramount consideration be acknowledged by the Government. A large tank has been excavated in tho chapel-yard capable of holding 12,000 gallons of water, which will bo a great benefit to tho estabUah ment^ -when full. Tho native workmen are buildisg substantial stone walLs round the yard at present. I visited all tho cottages about sunset, when the day's labours wore over, and was pleased to .seo the amount of comfort evi dent and the friendliness among the people. Almost every cottage had numbers of youngaml old gathered around its fire in addition to its proper owners. The furniture is scanty, but sufficient for those who pass most of their time in the open_ air. In all cases there was a bed and table, with a few necessary articles for the tea-table, these last being in some cases dis played as part of the ornaments of the place. In most there was a book-shelf, with a few baoks beside the Bible. Mr. and Mrs. Taplin repre sented to me the great need of a large detached kitchen at the back of the schoolhouse in place of the present one, which is too small for the requirementa of the place, but which would come into use as a clothes store and seamstress's room. The old barn f icing the Lake is now turned into two cottages, into which the families were going on the night I left The rooms are 19 z 10, and are the largest on the station.' Koman Catholic Items. The Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier was densely crowded on Sunday, June 23, when Dr. Qumn, Bishop of Bathuret, preached* At the close he announced that Bishop/^Murphy, of Hobart Town, and himself, having been so authorized, had made a thorough investiga tion into the afFairs of the diocese, of Adelaide, with a view to sending a com plete report of the position to Rome. Father Reynolds, had been verbally nominated Administrator by the late Dr* Shiel, who, how ever, had not given his signature, as required by canon law, and thereforo the Metro politan, in accordance with, the decrees of tha Council of Trent., had nominated him Adminis trator, in which office ho held all tho poworn of a Bishop except those of conferring Orders and giving confirmation. To him the priests and laity should render nil obedience as tho Church directed. As telegraphic communication was oa the poiat of being opened with Buropa W Wtom?' it -would hasten the Holy Father's action ' ill ?appointing a Bishop. Intimation of the Btep would, he thought, be received in a short time. In alluding to the Sisters of St. Joseph, he remarked that after a most careful enquiry he could declare before God and man that the Sisters were innocent, and there was not the faintest foundation for the base and cowardly charges which had been made against them. In the' evening the building was again filled, many, persons being unable to gain admit tance. Father Woods intoned vespers and the benediction ; Dean Fitzgibbon, with Fathers Haher and Corcoran, assisted in the service. It is stated that Father Roche, of Kapunda; is on the «ve of being succeeded by Dean Fitzgibbon, cf Mount Gammer. We are informed that four of the Sisters of St. Joseph left Adelaide by the Bangatira for the Diocese of Bathurst, and that others are to follow. New Weslbtan Chapel.— At East Moonta, «b June 23, the Revs. S. Knight and A. Stubbs preached to full congregations the opening sermons of a new Wesleyan ChapeL On Monday, after tea, Mr. C. Drew presided, and the speakers were Messrs. Stubbs, Jolly, Bray, Thorpe. Clark, and Trenerry. Mr. H. Jolly presided at the harmonium, and the choir enlivened the proceedings. Mr. Paacoe, the Treasurer, stated that the building nad been erected by Mr. C. Colt man, jun., at a total cost, including the musical instrument, of £387, towards which «nount £214 had been raised. Total proceeds (of services and meetings, £50. The-Vacaut Pastorate at Strathalbyn.— The Rev. J. F. Henderson, of the United Pres byterian Church at Innellan, Scotland, has, it is said, been selected to taker charge of the «hurch at Strathalbyn, of which the Rev. J. Anderson was lately the minister. Benevolent and Stbangbrs1 FME5D Society. — The Committee of this Association held their monthly meeting at the Church Office a few days ago; Air. J. Colton in the chair. The Treasurer's minute showed that calls upon the funds during the month had reduced the credit balance to £2 4s. lid., and as the next month ?was likely to prove as heavy, the necessity of renewed exertions to obtain subscriptions to meet the claims was urged. Several cases of distress were brought forward, and £2 17s. 6d. was voted to relieve five of them. Each member was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. during the ensuing month in cases of emerjgency, the Treasurer relying upon money being re ceived to enable him to meet any such orders that might be given, as well as the amount voted. The Bushmen's Club.— The need of increased accommodation at this well-conducted and suc cessful institution is again being felt. The Com mittee have therefore determined upon providing £250 towards the cost of building an eastern wing at the Home in Whitmore-square, on con dition that subscriptions to an equal amount are received from those interested. It it is intended that the addition shall comprise a large dining hall and a smoking- room, and on these being provided a portion cf the present main structure will be available for conversion into extra dormi tories. There will then, it is hoped, with the space for sleeping in provided by the lately-built west wing, be ample space to meet the wants of bushmen visitinp the city. 