RITUALISM IN TASMANIA. Fresh, alarm appears to have been caused amongst the laity of the Church of England in Tasmania by alleged attempts on the part of certain members of the clergy to introduce ritualism and other practices of the Roman Catholic Church into their ministrations. The same clergymen are also accused, it would seem, of circulating objectionable books, in which the doctrines of transubstantiation and auricular confession are advocated. On Wednesday, 24th inst, a deputation waited upon the Bishop of Tasmania (the Right Rev. C. H, Bromby), at Bishop's-court, Hobart Town, to present a memorial of the laity on the subject. The deputation consisted of the Hon. Dr. Crowther, MLC the Hon A. Kennerley, l,<>L.a| Messrs. W. Belbin, M.H.A., T. F Westbrook, J.P., C. O. Abbott, W. Hamilton, H. L. Roberts, J. Sly, and T. Noah. From the ? report of the proceedings contained in the Hobart Town Mercury (of which the following is an abridgement), the bishop seems quite prepared to defend his subordinates : Dr. Crowther, addressing the bishop, said they, as a deputation, had been requested to wait on him to present the memorial, which had been signed by upwards of 800 laymen, all professed members of the Church of England. Many others would have signed the memorial had they been solicited, but the 800 signatures were strictly those of members of the church, who took a deep interest in its welfare, and were desirous that true doctrine and Christian principle should be carried out in the diocese. [Amongst the signatures were those of about a dozen members of Parliament.] The Bishop, after some preparatory remarks (in which he spoke in defence of the chaplain of the Port Arthur penal establishment, the Rev. Mr. Hayward, whose conduct had been disapproved of read a reply, the principal portions of which are as follow My dear Brethren in Christ You state that you are led to believe that some practices and ceremonies of a superstitious character, and contrary to the doctrine and usage of the Church of England, are beginning to take root in this diocese.' You base this belief upon two grounds first, on the ground that, as you allege, certain books were shown to be in use;' and secondly, that certain statements, openly made in the synod, were unchallenged.' 1. I have once more to repeat that a bishop of our church possesses no power whatever to interdict the use of books which a clergyman may find profitable in his private ministrations. A bishop's interference where no law of the church has been broken would be properly resisted as an arbitrary exercise of irresponsible authority. In compliance, however, with an expressed desire of the synod, and for the quieting of doubts, I have already, in a pastoral letter, recommended the clergy to refrain from making use of all books whatever which contained matter that in essence or cast of thought was calculated to offend the honestscruplesof their brethren their flocks. 2\. No attempt during the session of synod was made to show that any of our clergy had used the objectionable portions of the books specified, although several readily admitted that one of these two books at least was in their possession and partial use. You must call to mind that the statements which were then made were so vague and uncircum stantial as to be incapable of being challenged,' and ought not, therefore, in my judgment, to be accepted as proof that any practices or ceremonies of a superstitious character are beginning to take root in this diocese.' unwarrantable insinuations were indeed uttered at the synod, followed by others still more personal and libellous, which appeared in the shape of anonymous newspaper letters, Since these slanders, which have been proved to be utterly untrue, have not been recalled, as manly courage and Christian candour dictate, it is not very surprising that a panic should go abroad of which this memorial is the natural sequel. In conclusion, I beg solemnly to assure you that you cannot dislike superstitious, as opposed to really reverent, practices in Divine worship more than I do : you may rely upon it that I shall be, at all times, ready to use the authority which belongs to my office for the removal of all reasonable grounds of alarm, whether in one direction or another, when- ever read occasion may arise. But I can never consent to abridge that measure of toleration, which, in those days of free thought and larger liberty, is allowed to individual clergymen and their congregations in the mother church from which I received my mission as your bishop. This principle of constitutional freedom which attaches the Church of England to my own heart, and which forms one of the truest links between the mother and the daughter churches, has ever been and will continue to be the principle that will ever guide me in the administrations of the diocese." , A discussion followed the reading of the reply. Dr. Crowther rose to support the memorial on behalf of the deputation and the persons who had signed it and he could not allow it to pass without giving expression to his own opinion of that which was stated by the memorialists that improper books were used, and that they were led to believe that some practices and ceremonies of a superstitious character, and contrary to the doctrine and usage of the Church of England, were beginning to take root in the diocese, and of which, he was sorry to say, his lordship was not aware. He Dr. Crowther) was sorry to inform his lordship that the alarm had not been lessened by the issue of his pastoral. On the contrary, he, for one, felt that it had been strengthened by the clergy being told that they were left to freedom of action. He called attention to a book which had been placed in his hands by a lady, a member of the Established Church, The Little Prayer-book, intended chiefly for beginners in devotion, re- vised and corrected by three priests and observed that when they found placed in the hands of young people a book of that description, it was time for the practice to be censured and condemned, or the clergy who persisted in the practice had much better walk over to Rome as Newman did. He (Dr. Crowther) would read a few extracts to show that there was cause for alarm : "The Manner of Confession. Kneel byyour ghostly father, make the sign of the cross, and say-In the name of the Father and of the Son, &c.; Pray, father, give me your blessing, for I have sinned, I confess to Almighty God, before all the company of Heaven, and to you, my father, that I have sinned For these and for all other sins which I cannot now remember, I am heartily sorry. I resolve never to commit them again, and most humbly ask pardon of God, and penance, counsel, and absolution of you, my ghostly bather. Wherefore I pray God to have pity on me, and that all the company of Heaven, and you, my father, may pray to the Lord our God for me." He thought they could have nothing more Romish than that nothing more glaring had ever emanated from the Roman Catholic press. As to the Sacrament of the Lord's \- Supper : "At the words, this is my body, this is my blood, you must believe that the bread and wine become the real body and blood with the soul and good head of Jesus Christ. Bow down your heart and body in deepest adoration when the priest says these awful words, and worship your Saviour then verily and indeed present on His altar." He did not think the Roman Catholics could have more positive directions than those. There was also a distinct prayer to the Virgin Mary in the language of the Romish Church ยก-"Mary. Mary. The Hon. Mr. A. Kennerley followed, and referred to the presence in the diocese of a clergyman who was known to have carried out ritualistic practices in London. He wished to be informed whether that clergyman had any licence from the bishop to per- form clerical duty. From the fact of his being here it was by many presumed that he was the prime mover, instigator, and tutor in these objectionable practices. That there was such an individual here, who was notorious for ritualistic practices at home, was not consistent with the position they took in the diocese; and he (Mr. Kennerley) believed the laity of the Church of England in all these colonies professed to and would adhere to the determination to banish from the Church all those ritualistic practices which did such damage to the Church in the mother country. The Bishop remarked that he did not know that he could add to what he had already \-- stated. The difficulty he, as bishop, felt was ~" how far he was justified in interfering with a clergyman who was complained of. If he (the bishop) took the 28th article of the church, it said, "The Body of Christ is given, taken, and eaten in the Supper, only after an heavenly and spiritual manner." The clergyman referred to had constantly, in his hearing, said that the presence of Christ in the Sacrament was only in a spiritual sense, and as far as he (the bishop) knew he had never seen anything that could be interpreted as opposed to the tenets of the Church of England. Then it had been said in the synod by Mr. Barnard that improper questions had been put by a clergyman to a young woman, but when that statement came to be sifted it was not substantiated, and he (the bishop) blamed Mr. Barnard for not coming forward denying he was mistaken, and that he had. made a statement which was without foundation- . ,-,, a. "" " Mr. Kennerley That statement had foundation. . - i i r The Bishop Then I: must state the circumstances. The charge was that improper questions had been put at an interview between a clergyman and a young woman he knew was about to be married to a man who was not a member of the Church. That! was made known to my son, who took an interest in the young woman, and who thought the young man was likely to draw her away from religious feeling. She felt aggrieved at] first, but she now sees the thing in the right light and has broken off the union. In answer to the petition which stated that practices and ceremonies of a superstitious character and contrary to the doctrine and usage of the church were beginning to take root in the diocese, he had always been ready to in- terposa when a case was put before him in a tangible way, but they must not come in public and attempt to browbeat him. He had not been at St. John's anything with a single exception, that exceeded the liberal limits of the Church. It was said by Mr. Barnard that the offices of the Prayer Book should be adhered to, and had anything been done or said that went beyond the statement in the office for Visitation of the Sick, which Mr. Barnard said the clergy should limit themselves to - In that office they found the following :-" Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special, confession of his sins, if he feel his conscience troubled with any weighty matter. After which confession, the priest shall absolve him, if he humbly and heartily desire it,, after this sort Our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences. And by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." And then in the Ordering of Priests it is said " Receive the Holy Ghost, &c.;, whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained." There was no proof that this book produced by Dr. Crowther, which he was not prepared to find fault with or to justify, as he had not seen it before had been circulated since he issued his Pastoral, and they were bound to show him that the admonition contained in the Pastoral had not taken effect. Mr. Kennerley asked as to the practice in this diocese; if it was the practice for single women to confess separately to their minister and to be bound to answer? He asked whether such a practice should continue in the diocese, or whether his Lordship would use his endeavours to stop it? It had been disclosed to him that young women had been examined and confessed in the clergyman's presence, and a number of questions asked of a family character. The Bishop said a clergyman had his own conscience to satisfy, and he had a right to put questions important to the spiritual well being of his flock. As to the confessional, it was not improper, and was in accordance with what he had quoted from the Prayer book, Dr. Crowther said that what they objected to was, among other things, the manner and mode of the confessional. The Bishop I must ask you for the persons to whom you impute impropriety. Mr. Kennerley.-We have named two cases, my lord. And I wish to ask for information, on behalf of the laymen, whether their daughters are to be admitted singly and confessed The Bishop. Certainly not. If a very young woman wishes to confess her faults to the clergyman, she should, in most cases, be accompanied by her parent I believe a false charge was made. I have asked my son, and he told me that nothing approaching to what was said took place. Mr. Kennerley -I beg to ask another question whether it has been the practice of calling on young women when going to be married, before married, to be confessed, making a sacrament of marriage? The Bishop I am not aware of anything of the kind having been done. (His lordship here referred to the chaplain of Port Arthur.) Mr. Kennerley. don't believe that gentleman has any right in the diocese, and he would confess to every charge made against him. The Bishop said from all that he could learn Mr. Hayward had only circulated the Pilgrim's Progress and a work used by sanction of his (the bishop's) predecessor, Steps to the Altar. Dr. Crowther here said that book was not sanctioned by his lordship's predecessor, and the dean confirmed that statement The Bishop said when at Port Arthur he had not seen anything objectionable, but he had since been told that Mr Hayward had had some candles on the Holy Table at an early service, and he had written to know whether those candles were used for purposes of light or not. There might be something to blame in that Mr. John Sly referred to information he had received respecting Mr. Hayward from a gentleman who resided at Kew, in Victoria, but who, being in Hobart Town, attended the meetings of synod, and took a deep interest in the proceedings ; the gentleman remarking in respect to Mr. Hayward's being received here, that Tasmania would become the ritualistic diocese of the colonies. The Bishop expressed his disbelief in the statements made in Victoria about Mr. Hayward, and of his using incense, &c.; He (the bishop) had heard from Sir W. Stawell that the bishop did not depose Mr. Hayward, but although he had ordained him deacon, simply would not admit him to priest's orders. On his leaving, his friends subscribed, and sent him here with ยฃ600 in his pockets. The deputation then retired. 