SATURDAY, li-HOH 23, 18T2. Witts some of the less friendly and more Anglo-phobiu of the American people hare been endeavouring to foroe on a mortal quarrel by the extravagance ot their demands on acoount of the Alabama claims — demands, however, which there bow stems reason to believe will be modified as it becomes more and more apparent that England would never submit to them — our papers inform as how greatly tbe Government and representatives of tho United States are extending the power and iuflueace of their country in foreign lands. Some of those exten sions have a peculiar interest for Great Britain ; and. Australia is not devoid of par ticipation in it, especially aa regards the pro gress of American enterprise and inflaenoe in Japan. Only & fe* years ago, that rich and populous empire was almost a terra incognita, aad had remained so ever since the maesaore of the Roman Catholic missicneries, nearly two centuries before. All further attempts to penetrate the mystery with .which tbe Japa nese chose to enshroHd themselves, their in stitutions, and their customs, were met by fierce and sanguinary opposition j and the blood of those who sought information on those points by personal venture, however con ciliatory and friendly their mode of pro cedure, was made to flow freely for their temerity. Now, however, we learn that the Government, the local authorities, and the general people of Japan, hare adopted an entirely different course is favour of America In deference to the representatives of the American Minister, the Mikado contemplated throwing open the whole empire to foreign trade and residences ; but before adopting this oouree in its entirety, he intended to send a plenipotentiary to foreign countries to consult on the revision of treaties, and the person selected for (hat important and delicate offioe is the American Minister at Jeddo, Dc- de LoDg, just, as the American Minister to Pekin, M-. Burlinghame, was appointed to a similar ; office on behalf of China. The conductors of same of the American journals seem to be themselves considerably astonished at the remarkable successes of their country's foreign diplomacy. A decree had been issued by the Mikado, ordering the dis arming of the Dainios and their retainers — a reform which was regarded as a heavy blow to feudal aristocracy in Japan. 'It is only eighteen years,' says the New York Times, ' sinoe the American wedge was driven into Japan by Commodore Perry; and from that time Mr. Haroourt, Sir Bather ford Alcock, Lord Elgin, aad others have succeded in giving several hearty blows to drive it in farther, and force an entrance for the Anglo-Saxon race into a country whose people really hare an extra ordinary amount of qualities in common with us. When we reflect that for two hundred years the Japanese had maintained utter isolation from all the world except for Dutch traders, tbe progress we have made with, them since 1854 seems most extraordinary.' The writer proceeds, not unnaturally, to offer congratulations upon this establishment of intercourse between the Western nations and ' the most curious country under the sun ;' and he quotes the saying of a blase traveller, that he had been everywhere and that Japan was the only place that did not disappoint him. We regard this successful enterprise on the part of our American cousins as anything but a cause for regret to these colonies, upon whom the opening up of the East to Western civiliza tion can hardly fail to react beneficially. From the same files of papers that convey this intelligence, we have strong expressions of the national American mind in another direction ; and, once more, an expedition up the Gulf of Mexico is freely spoken of, ana even some of the Mexican newspapers advocate an American Protectorate for the country. Tho brutal murder — for it was nothing else — of the unfortunate Austrian Prince who was made the victim of the ambi tion and the delusive promises of the French Emperor put an end .to all thought of an Imperial or Royal form of Government for Mexico ; nor would the United States look quietly an while such an institution was founded on her borders. As to Bepublics, they have been tried, as the New York Tribune Bays, ' so frequently us to be now ridiculous.' The mixed race of Spaniards and natives of Central and South America form aa fierce and blood-thirsty a people as are to be found under the sun, and the idea of governing them accord ing to Spanish notions of a Republics is worse than fallacious. All Europe rings with the cruel execution of Maximilian ; aad there is no civilized nation but would rejoke to s?e the ferocious Juarez hurled headlong from the Dietatorial chair. There is rather an amusing aspeofc of the case in a claim put forward ou behalf of the United States, for compensation from the Mexicans, for the ejectment by their authori ties of the late ooionising or allibustsring expeditions to Lower California. We had heard that the whole enterprise was a miser able failure; but we are now told of tbe ' unlimited wealth' which the company had secured, and of the rich accumulations of ' Orohilla moss,' amounting in value to ' four husdred thousand dollars, more or less,' which they had ready for shipment. And os we learn that the truculent and combative General Butler was the chief speculator in the oompai?y, and is the loudest in demanding vengeance, the threatened annexation of Mexico seems not improbable. Certainly, in a country so wretchedly misgoverned, any change must be for the beat, and any excuse for it acceptable. la the meantime, with such large affairs on hand, perhaps Brother Jonathan, as the Pall Mali Gazette oausti cally remarked, will not make us pay for the Alabama claim* a larger sum than the French indemnity to Germany. St. Paul's Ijteeabv Association. — A meeting of this society was held in the okas-room cf St Paul's Bchoot, Bedfern, on Wednesday evening last ; Alex ander Gordon, Esq., president of ths gooiety, in the chair. After some preliminary basinets had been dis posed of, ' The Critic' for March was read by the editor, Mr. J. S. Daer. This serial is brought oat monthly, in manuscript, is written entirely by members of the society, and read to the members on the third Wednesday evening of each month. The first number was read nearly four years ago, and it has appeared every month since that time. The number for March contained sixty-six pages post 4to. The con tents were — A leading artiole on ' Responsible Govern ment,' *ABeview of the Month,' by ' Briton,' artioles entitled reBpeotively 'Lecturers of the Nineteenth Century,' and 'Danoing;' abo, 'A ghost story.' At the conclusion of the reading* warm discussion took place on ihe contents of the number, taken part in by by Messrs. Oay&eau;, Hfihnll, Armstrong, An, Duer, and the chairman. A novel style of boat has been made in Hobart Town. The keel of tbe boat consists of two parallel galvanized iron tubes twenty-three feet in length and eight inches in diameter, but tapering to a point at the ende. The topB of the tubes are fitted with cleats, and running from these so as to connect the tubes is a base ot pine quartering. From the pine quartering run three bolts and two flat joists whioh hold tile tubes securely toge ther. Over this base the deck, measurinR twelve feet in length, is placed. ? Surrounding the deck is a neatly painted ornamental palisade, which serves for bulwarks. The boat is fitted with two sets of out-riggers, and the oarsman's seat is in the centre of the deck. It is constructed so that it sails or pulls with equal facility with either end foremost, the oarsman in the former case merely requiring to tors on his seat and more his oars from the one set of outriggers to the other. It is also fitted so that the mast can be erected at either end of the deck, and easily shifted when desired, The sailing qualities were tested, and gave complete satis faction. Three weeks were occupied in ooustruotionf and Mr. Witt, ironmonger, Elizabeth-street, built the boat, assisted by his foreman, Mr- Nesl They1 only worked at her when they had finished their regular day's work. Gold Oommibsionebs.— It was announced in last evening's Government Gazette that his Excellency the Governor had been pleased to appoint the undermen tioned police magistrates to be gold commissioners for purposes in connection with tho new Gold-fields' Regu ations :— Southern District : Henry Burns, Esq., for tbe gold-fields at Braidwood, Araluen, Little Hirer, Major's Greek, aud Shoalhaven, within the polioe dis tricts of Braidwood and Shoalhaven; Frederick Wheelar Vyner, Esq., for the gold-fields at Adelong, Tumut, aud Tumberumba, within the police districts of Tumut, Albory, and Gundagai. Western District : Frederick Dalteu, Esq., for the gold-fields at the Iiaoh lan, Oorragong, and GrenfeU, in. the police districts of Forbes and GrenfeU ; J. W. Lees, Ktq., for the gold fields at the Meroo, Hargraves, Windeyer, Chambers' Greek, and Tambaroora, within the police districts of Wellington, Bathurst, and Mudgee ; T. A. Browne, Esq., for the gold-fields at Gulgong, Two-mile Flat, and Merrendee, within thepolice districts of Mudgee and Oassilia ; T. A. Smith, Esq., for the gold-fields at' Tuena and TronVce; Creek, -within the polioe district of Carooar; E. J. O. North, Esq., for the gold-fields at the BelubnU Biver, Oanowindra, Cowra, and Wood's Flat, within the police district of Oarcoar and Cowra ; John T. Lane, Esq., for the gold- fields at Ophir and Cargo, within the polioe districts of Orange aud Molong ; H. M'O. Keightley, Esq., for the gold, fields at Stoney Creek, Burrendong, aud BaoHnbar, within the polioe districts of Wellington and Molong. MARAVHjI-A OOOOA.-NO breaWast table Is complete 'Without this delicious, beveage. —The GU&t; Bays, ' Various importers »ad manufacturers have attempted to attain & reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor, Brothers discovered the extrawainary qualitiea of ' Mnravilla' Ooooa. Adapting their perfect system cf preparation to this finest of all species t the Theo brfma, they have produced an article which super sc'leB every other Ooooa In the ica-feet. Entire solu trilitv, r. delicate aroma, and a rare onoentration of the pnreat elements of nutrition, dlstl&ruish; the Maraville Oocoa above &U; others. For homoepaths and invalids we could not rconmmesd a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor, Brothers' Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate, Steam Mills Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory filillr, Bruges, Belgium.— ADVT. 