DR. LIVINGSTONE’S SECOND LETTER. (From the Daily Telegraph.) THE subjoined, which we owe to the continued courtesy of the New York Herald, is the second letter addressed by Dr. Livingstone to that journal :— South-Eastern Central Africa, February, 1872. My dear Sir,— I wish to say a little about the slave trade in Eastern Africa. It is not a very inviting subject, and to some I may appear as supposing your readers to be very much akin to the old lady who relished her paper for neither births, deaths, nor marriages, but for good racy bloody murders. I am, however, far from fond of the horrible—often wish I could forget the scenes I have seen, and certainly never try to inflict on others the sorrow which being a witness of “ man’s in- humanity to man” has often entailed on myself. Some of your readers know that about five years ago I undertook, at the instigation of my very dear old friend, Sir Roderick Murchison, Bart., the task of examining the watershed of South Central Africa. The work had a charm for my mind, because the divid- ing line between North and South was unknown, and a fit object for exploration. Having a work in hand, I at first recommended another for the task ; but, on his declining to go without a handsome salary and some- thing to fall back on afterwards, I agreed to go myself, and was encouraged by Sir Roderick saying, in his warm, jovial manner, “ You will be the real discoverer of the sources of the Nile.” I thought that two years would be sufficient to go from the coast inland across the head of Lake Nyassa to the watershed, wherever that might be, and, after examination, try to begin a benevolent mission with some tribes on the slopes reach- ing towards the coast. Had I known all the time, toil, hunger, hardships, and worry involved in that precious water-parting, I might have preferred having my head shaved, and a blister put on it, to grappling with my good old friend’s task. But, hav- ing taken up the burden, I could not bear to be beaten by it. I shall tell you a little about the progress made by-and-bye. At present let me give you a glimpse of the slave trade with which the search and discovery of most of the Nile fountains has brought me face to face. The whole traffic, whether on land or ocean, is a gross outrage of the common law of mankind. It is carried on from age to age, and, in addition to the untold evils it inflicts, it presents almost insurmountable obstacles to intercourse between the different portions of the human family. This open sore in the world is partly owing to human cupidity, and partly to ignorance among the more civilised of mankind of the blight which lights chiefly on the more degraded. Piracy on the high seas was once as common as slave- trading is now. But as it became thoroughly known the whole civilised world rose against it. In now trying to make the Eastern African slave-trade better known to Americans I indulge the hope that I am aiding on, though in a small degree, the good time coming yet when slavery as well as piracy shall be chased from the world. Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflict on the victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalised by a long course of servitude, with but few of the ameliorating influences that elevate more favoured races, are fair average specimen of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to do- mestic bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most unhealthy climate. These have told most injuri- ously on their physical frames, while fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to dis- criminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the population living free in the interior under their own chiefs and laws, cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rocky strata or under perennial ice. Win- woode Reade hit the truth when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full lus- cious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than the West Coast African, who has been debased by the unhealthy land he lives in. Slaves generally—and especially those on the West Coast, at Zanzibar and elsewhere—are extremely ugly. I have no prejudice against their colour ; indeed, any one who lives long among them forgets that they are black, and feels that they are just fellow-men. But the low retreating foreheads, prognathous jaws, lark heels, and other physical peculiarities common among slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion as those with which we view specimens of the “ Bill Sykes” and “ bruiser” class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply in the mire in which they are already sunk. But I wish to point out that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rule, fair average specimens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the head men of the great chief Insama, who lives west of the south end of Tangan- yika, had come together to make peace with certain Arabs who had burned their chief town, and I am certain one could not see more finely- formed intellectual heads in any assembly in London or Paris ; and the faces and forms corresponded with the finely-shaped heads. Insuma himself had been a sort of Napoleon for fighting and conquering in his younger days, was exactly like the ancient Assyrians sculptured on the Nineveh marbles as Nimrod and others ; he showed himself to be one of ourselves by habitually indulging in copious potations of beer called pombe, and had become what Nathaniel Hawthorne called “ bul- bous’ below the ribs. I don’t know where the phrase “ bloated aristocracy ” arose. It must be American, for I have had glimpses of a good many English noble men, and Insuma was the only specimen of a bloated aristocrat on whom I ever set my eyes. Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they had only let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change their charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, nicely rounded limbs, well-shaped forms, and small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves : and this they do—oh, the hussies !— by filing their splendid teeth to points like cat’s teeth. It was distressing, for it made their smile, which has generally so much power over us great he-donkeys, rather croco- dile-like. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do, if they had none, but pout and lecture us on “ women’s rights ?” But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm brown skins, tattooing them with various pretty devices with- out colours, that, besides purposes of beauty serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tartans. They are not black, but of a light warm brown colour, and so very sisterish—if I may use the new coinage—it feels an injury done to one’s self to see a bit of grass stuck through the cartilage of the nose, so as to bulge out the alæ nasi (wings of the nose of anatomists). Cazembe’s Queen—a Ngombe, Moari by name—would be esteemed a real beauty either in London, Paris, or New York, and yet she had a small hole through the cartilage, near the tip of her fine slightly aquiline nose. But she had only filed one side of the two fronts of her superb snow-white teeth ; and then what a laugh she had ! Let those who wish to know go and see her carried to her farm in her pony phæton, which is a sort of throne fastened on two very long poles, and carried by twelve stalwart citizens. If they take Punch’s motto for Cazembe, “ Nxxxxrs don’t require to be shot here,” as their own, they may show themselves to be men ; but whether they do or not, Cazembe will show himself a man of sterling good sense. Now these people, so like ourselves externally, have genuine human souls. Rua, a very large section of country north and west of Cazembe’s, but still in the same inland region, is peopled by men very like those of Insama and Cazembe. An Arab, Said Bin Habib, went to trade in Rua two years ago, and, as the Arabs usually do where the natives have no guns, Said Bin Habib’s elder brother carried matters with a high hand. The Rua men observed that the elder brother slept in a white tent, and, pitching their spears into it by night, killed him. As Moslems never forgive bloodshed, the younger brother forthwith ran amuck at all indiscriminately in a large district. Let it not be supposed that any of these people are like the American Indians—insatiable blood- thirsty savages, who will not be reclaimed or enter into terms of lasting friendship with fair dealing strangers. Had the actual murderers been demanded, and a little time been granted, I feel morally certain, from many other instances among tribes who, like the Ba Run, have not been spoiled by Arab traders, they would all have been given up. The chiefs of the country would, first of all, have specified the crime of which the elder brother was guilty and who had been led to avenge it. It is very likely that they would stipulate that no other should be punished but the actual perpetrator. Domestic, slaves, noting under his orders, would be considered free from blame. I know of nothing that distinguishes the uncontaminated Africans from other degraded peoples more than their entire reasonableness and good sense. It is different after they have had wives, children and relatives kidnapped ; but that is more than human nature, civilised or savage, can bear. In the case in question, indiscriminate slaughter, capture, and plunder took place. A very large number of very fine young men were captured and secured in chains and wooden yokes. I came near the party of Said Bin Habib close to the point where a huge rent in the mountains of Rua allows the escape of the great river Laulaba out of Lake Moero. And here I had for the first time an opportunity of observing the difference between slaves and freemen made captives. When fairly across Laulaba Said, thought his captives safe, and got rid of the trouble of attending to and watching the chained gangs by taking off both chains and yokes. All declared their joy and perfect willingness to follow Said to the end of the world or elsewhere, but next morning twenty-two made clear off to the mountains. Many more on seeing the broad Lualaba roll between them and the homes of their Infancy, lost all heart, and in three days eight of them died. They had no complaint but pain in the heart, and they pointed out its seat cor- rectly ; though many believe that the heart is situated underneath the top of the sternum or breastbone. This to me was the most startling death I ever saw. They evidently died of broken-heartedness, and the Arabs wondered, “ seeing they had plenty to eat.” I saw others perish, particularly a very fine boy of ten or twelve years of age. When asked where he felt ill, he put his hand correctly and exactly over the heart. He was kindly carried, and as he breathed out his soul was laid gently on the side of the path. The captors were not unusually cruel. They were callous—slaving had burdened their hearts. When Said, who was an old friend of mine, crossed the Lualaba, he heard that I was in a village where a company of slave traders had been furiously assaulted for three days by justly incensed Babemda. I would not fight, nor allow my people to fire if I saw them, because the Babemba had been especially kind to me. Said sent a party of his own people to invite me to leave the village by night, and come to him. He showed himself the opposite of hard-hearted : but slaving “ hardens all within, and petrifies the feelings.” It is bad for the victims, and ill for victimisers. I once saw a party of twelve who had been slaves in their own conntry—Lunda or Londa, of which Cazembe is chief or general. They were loaded with large, heavy wooden yokes, which are forked trees about three inches in diameter and seven or eight feet long. The neck is inserted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across from one end of the fork to the other, and rivetted ; the other end is tied at night to a tree or to the ceiling of a hut, and the neck being firm in the fork, the slave is held off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer ; and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads put on the slaves’ heads besides. Women, having in addition to the yoke and load a child on the back, have said to me on passing, “ They are killing me ; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads.” One who spoke thus did die, and the poor little girl, her child, perished of starvation. I interceded for some ; but, when unyoked, off they bounded into the long grass, and I was gently blamed for not caring to preserve the owner’s property ! After a day’s march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads, the strongest are exhausted. The party of twelve above mentioned were sitting singing and laughing. “ Hallo !” said I, ” these follows take to it kindly ; this must be the class for whom philosophers say slavery is the natural state ;” and I went and asked the cause of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of the word iukha, which usually means to fly or leap. They were using it to express the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and death ; and the song was “ Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad or white man’s land) with yokes on our necks ; but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall return to haunt and kill you.” The chorus then struck in with the name of the man who had sold each of them, and then followed the general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perembe, an old man, of at least 104 years, had been one of the sellers. In accordance with African belief, they had no doubt of being soon able, by ghost power, to kill even him. Their refrain might be rendered, Oh, oh, oh ! Bird of freedom, oh ! You sold me, oh, oil, oh ! I shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh ! The laughter told not of mirth, but of the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. “ He that is higher than the highest regardeth.” About north-east of Rua we have a very large coun- try called Manyuema, but by the Arabs it is shortened into Manyema. It is but recently known. The reputa- tion which the Manyuema enjoyed of being cannibals prevented the half-caste Arab traders from venturing among them. The circumstantial details of the prac- tices of the man-eaters given by neighbouring tribes were confirmed by two Arabs who, two years ago, went as far as Bambarre, and secured the protection and friendship of Moenekuss lord of the light-grey parrot with scarlet tail—who was a very superior man. The minute details of cannibal orgies given by the Arabs’ attendants, erred through sheer excess of the shocking. Had I believed a tenth part of what I was told I might never have ventured into Manyuema ; but, fortu- nately, my mother never frightened me in my infancy with “ Bogie” and stuff of that sort, and I am not liable to fits of bogiephobia, in which disease the poor patient believes everything awful if only it is attributed to the owner of a black skin. I have heard that the complaint was epidemic lately in Jamaica, and the planters’ mothers have much to answer for. I hope that the disease may never spread im the United States. The people there are believed to be inoculated with common sense. But why go among the cannibals [at] all ? Was it not like joining the Alpine Club in order to be lauded if you don’t break your neck where your neck ought to be broken. This makes me turn back to the watershed, as I promised. It is a broad belt of tree-covered up- land, some 700 miles in length from west to east. The general altitude is between 4000 and 5000 feet above the sea, and mountains stand on it at various points which are between 6000 and 7000 feet above the ocean level. On this watershed springs rise which are wellnigh innumerable— that is, it would take half a man’s lifetime to count them. These springs join each other and form brooks, which again converge and become rivers, or say streams, of twenty, forty, or eighty yards, that never dry. All flow towards the centre of an immense valley, which I believe to be the Valley of the Nile. In this trough we have at first three large rivers. Then all unite into one enormous lacustrine river, the central line of drainage which I name Webb’s Lualaba. In this great valley there are five great lakes. One near the upper end is called Lake Bemba, or more properly Bangeolo, but it is not a source of the Nile, for no large river begins in a lake. It is supplied by a river called Chambeze and several others, which may be considered sources ; and out of it flows the large river Luapula, which enters Lake Moero, and comes out as the great lake river Lualaba to form Lake Kamolondo. West of Kamolondo, but still in the great valley, lies Lake Lincoln, which I named as my little tribute of love to the great and good man America en- joyed for some time and lost. One of the three great rivers I mentioned—Barlte Frere’s, or Lufira falls into Kamolondo, and Lake Lincoln becomes a lacustrine river, and it too joins the central line of drainage, but lower down, and all three united form the fifth lake, which the slaves sent to me, instead of men, forced me, to my great grief, to leave as the “ unknown lake.” By my reckoning—the chronometers being all dead—it is five degrees of longitude west of Speke’s position of Ujiji ; this makes it probable that the great lacustrine river in the valley is the western branch—or Pathe- rick’s Nile—the Bahar Ghazal, and not the eastern branch, which Speke, Grant, and Baker believed to be the river of Egypt. If correct, this would make it the Nile only after all the Bahar Ghazal enters the eastern arm. But though I found the watershed between 10°-12° south—that is, a long way further up the valley than any one had dreamed—and saw the streams of some 600 miles of it converging into the centre of the great valley, no one knew where it went after that departure out of Lake Moero. Some conjectured that it went into Tanganyika but I saw that to do so it must run uphill. Others imagined that it might flow into the Atlantic. It was to find out where it actually did go that took me into Manyuema. I could get no information from traders outside, and no light could be obtained from the Manyuema within—they never travel, and it was so of old. They consist of pretty headmanships, and each brings his grievance from some old feud, which is worse than our old Highland ancestors. Every head- man of a hamlet would like to see every other ruling blockhead slain. But all were kind to strangers ; and though terrible fellows among themselves, with their large spears and huge wooden shields, they were never known to injure foreigners till slavers tried the effects of gunshot upon them and captured their women and children. As I could get no geographical information from them, I had to feel my way, and grope in the interminable forests and prairies, and three times took the wrong direction, going northerly, not knowing that the great river makes immense sweeps to the west and south west. It seemed as if I were running my head against a stone wall. It might after all turn out to be the Congo : and who would risk being eaten and converted into black man for it ? I had serious doubts, but stuck to it like a Briton ; and at least found that the mighty river left its westing and flowed right away to the north. The two great western drains, the Eufira and Lomame, running north-east before joining the central or main stream—Webb’s Lualaba—told that the western side of the Great Valley was high, like the eastern ; and as this main is reported to go into large reedy lakes, it can scarcely be aught also but the western arm of the Nile. But, besides all this—in which it is quite possible I may be mistaken—we have two fountains on probably the seventh hundred miles of the watershed, giving rise to two rivers—the Liambai, or Upper Zambeze, and the Kafue, which flow into Inner Ethiopia ; and two foun- tains are reported to rise in the same quarter, forming Lufira and Lomame, which flow, as we havee soon, to the North. These four full-grown gushing fountains rising so near each other, and giving origin to four large rivers, answer, in a certain degree, to the descrip- tion given of the unfathomable fountains of the Nile by the secretary of Minerva, in the city of Sais in Egypt, to the father of all travellers, Herodotus. But I have to confess that it is a little presumptuous in me to put this forward in Central Africa, and without a single book of reference, on the dim recollection of reading the ancient historian in boyhood. The waters were said to well up from an unfathomable depth, and then part, half north to Egypt and half south to Inner Ethiopia. Now I have heard of the fountains afore-mentioned so often that I cannot doubt their existence, and I wish to clear up the point in my concluding trip. I am not to be considered as speaking without hesitation, but pre- pared, if I see reason, to confess myself wrong. No one would like to be considered a disciple of the testy, old, would-be geographer, who wrote, “ Inner Africa laid open,” and swore to his fancies till he became blue in the face. The work would all have been finished long ago had the matter of supplies of men and goods not been entrusted by mistake to Banians and their slaves, whose efforts were all faithfully directed towards securing my failure. These Banians are pro- tected English subjects, and by their money, their muskets, their ammunition, the East African Moslem slave trade is mainly carried on. The cunning East Indians secure most of the profits of the slave trade, and adroitly let the odium rest on their Arab agents. The Banians will not harm a flea or mosquito, but my progress in geography has led me to the discovery that they are by far the worst cannibals in all Africa. They compass, by means of Arab agents, the destruction of more human lives for gain in one year than the Many- uema do for their flesh-pots in ten. The matter of supplies and men was unwittingly committed to these our Indian fellow- subjects, who hate to see me in their slave-market, and dread my disclosures on the infamous part they play. The slaves were all imbued with the idea that they were not to follow but force me back, and after rioting on my goods for sixteen months on the way instead of three, the whole remaining stock was sold off for slaves and ivory. Some of the slaves who came to Manyuema so bullied and worried me that I had to return between 500 and 600 miles. The only help I have received, except half a supply which I despatched from Zanzibar in 1866 has been from Mr. Stanley, your travelling correspondent, and certain remains of stores which I seized from the slaves sent from Zanzibar seventeen months ago—and I had to come back 300 miles to effect the seizure. I wait here—Unyanyembe—only till Mr. Stanley can send me fifty free men from the coast, and then I proceed to finish up the geographical part of my mission. I come back to the slavery question, and if I am permitted in any way to promote its suppression I shall not grudge the toil and time I have spent. It would be better to lessen human woe than discover the source of the Nile. When parties leave Ujiji to go westward into Manyuema the question asked is not what goods they have, but how many guns and kegs of gun- powder. If they have 200 or 300 muskets and ammunition in proportion, they think success is certain. No traders having ever before entered Manyuema, the value of ivory was quite unknown. Indeed the tusks were left in the forests with the other bones where the animals had been slain — many were rotten, others were gnawed by a rodent animal to sharpen his teeth, as Lon- don rats do on leaden pipes. If civilly treated, the people went into the forest to spots where they knew elephants had been killed either by traps or spears, and brought the tusks for a few copper bracelets. I have seen parties return with so much ivory they carried it by three relays of hundreds of slaves. But even this did not satisfy human greed. The Manyuema were found to be terrified by the report of guns ; some, I know, believed them to be supernatural, for when the effects of a mus- ket ball was shown on a goat, they looked up to the clouds, and offered to bring ivory to buy the charm by which lightning was drawn down. When a village was assaulted, the men fled in terror, and the women and children were captured. Many of the Manynuema women, especially far down the Lualaba, are very light coloured and lovely. It was common to hear the Zan- zibar slaves—whose faces resemble the fcatures of Lon- don door-knockers, which some atrocious ironfounder thought were like those of lions—say to each other, “ Oh, if we had Manyuema wives, what pretty children wo should get ! ” Manyuema men and women were all vastly superior to the slaves, who evidently felt the in- feriority they had acquired by wallowing in the mire of bondage. Many of the men were tall, strapping fel- lows, with but little of what we think distinctive of the negro about them. If one relied on the teachings of phrenology, the Manyuema men would take a high place in the human family. They felt their superiority, and often said, truly, “ Were it not for firearms, not one of the strangers would ever leave our country.” If a comparison were instituted, and Manyuema, taken at random, placed opposite say the members of the Anthro- pological Society of London, clad like them in kilts of grass cloth, I should like to take my place alongside the Manyuema, on the principle of preferring the company of my betters ; the philosophers would look woe- fully scraggy. But though the “ inferior race,” as we compassionately call them, have finely formed heads, and often handsome features, they are undoubtedly cannibals. It was more difficult to ascertain this than may be imagined. Soma think that they can detect the gnawings of the canine teeth of our cannibal ances- try on fossil bones, though the canine teeth of dogs are pretty much like human. For many a month all the evidence I could collect amounted only to what would lead a Scotch jury to give a verdict of “ not proven.” This arose partly from the fellows being fond of a joke, and they like to horrify any one who seemed credulous. They led one of my people, who believed all they said, to see the skull of a recent human victim, and he invited me in triumph. I found it to be the skull of a gorilla—here called Soko—and for the first time became aware of the existence of the animal there. The coun- try abounds in food of all kinds, and the rich soil raises everything planted in great luxuriance. A friend of mine tried rice, and in between three and four months it yielded ono hundred and twenty fold ; three measures of seed yielded three hundred and sixty measures. Maize is so abundant that I have seen forty- five loads, each about 60lbs, given for a single goat. The “ maize-dura” or holcus sorghum Tennisetum cassava — sweet potatoes, and yams, furnished in no stinted measure the farinaceous ingredients of diet ; the palm oil, the ground nuts, and a forest tree afford the fatty materials of food ; bananas and plantains, in great profusion, and the sugar-cane yield saccharine ; the palm toddy, beer of bananas, tobacco and bange, canabis sativa, form the luxuries of life ; and the villages swarm with goats, sheep, dogs, pigs, and fowls ; while the elephants, buffaloes, zebras, and sokos, or gorillas, yield to the expert hunter plenty of nitrogen- ons ingredients of human food. It was puzzling to see why they should be cannibals. New Zealanders, we were told, were cannibals because they had killed all their gigantic birds (moa, &c.;), and they were converted from the man-eating persuasion by the introduction of pigs ; but the Manyuema have plenty of pigs and other domestic animals, and yet they are cannibals. Into the reasons for their cannibalism I do not enter. They say that human flesh is not equal to that of goats or pigs : it is saltish, and makes them dream of the dead. Why fine-looking men like them should be so low in the moral scale can only be attributed to the non- introdnclion of that religion which makes those distinctions among men which phrenology and other ologies cannot explain. The religion of Christ is un- questionably the best for man. I refer to it not as the Protestant, the Catholic, the Greek, or any other but to the comprehensive faith which has spread more widely over the world than most people imagine, and whoso votaries of whatever name are better men than any outside the pale. We have, no doubt, grevious faults, but these, as in Paris, are owing to the want of religion. Christians generally are better than the heathens, but often don’t know it, and they are all immeasurably better than they believe each other to be. The Manyuema women, especially far down the Lualaba, are very pretty and very industrious. The market is, with them, a great institution, and they work hard and carry far, in order to have something to sell. Markets are established about 10 or 15 miles apart. There those who raise cassava, maize, grain, sweet potatoes, exchange them for oil, salt, pepper, fish, and other relishes ; fowls, also pigs, goats, grass cloth, mats, and other articles change hands. All are dressed in their best — gaudy-coloured, many-folded kilts that reach from the waist to the knee. When 2000 or 3000 are together they enforce justice, though chiefly women, and they are so eager traders they set off in companies by night, and begin to run as soon as they come within the hum arising from hundreds of voices. To haggle, and joke, and laugh, and cheat seems to be the dearest enjoyment of their life. They confer great benefits upon each other. The Bazenya women are expert divers for oysters, and they barter them and fish for farinaceous food with the women on the east coast of the Lualaba, who prefer cultivating the soil to fishery. The Manyuema have always told us that women going to market were never molested. When the men of two districts were engaged in actual hostilities the women passed through from one market to another unharmed ; to take her goods, even in war, was a thing not to be done. But at these market women the half-castes directed their guns. To cases that came under my own observation were so sickening I cannot allow the mind to dwell upon or write about them. Many of both sexes were killed, but the women and children chiefly were made captives. No matter how much ivory they obtained, these “ Nxxxxr Moslems” must have slaves, and they assaulted the markets and villages, and made captives chiefly as it appeared to me, because, as the men run off at the report of guns, they could do it without danger. I had no idea before how bloodthirsty men can be when they can pour out the blood of fellow-men in safety. And all this carnage is going on in Manyuema at the very time I write. It is the Banians, our protected Indian fellow- subjects, that indirectly do it all ! We have conceded to the Sultan of Zanzibar the right, which it was not ours to give, of a certain amount of slave trading, and that amount has been from 12,000 to 20,000 a year. As we have seen, these are not traded for but murdered for. They are not slaves, but free people made captive. A Sul- tan, with a sense of justice would, instead of taking head- money declare that all were free as soon as they reached his territory. But the Banians have the cus- tom-house, and all the Sultan’s revenue, entirely in their hands. He cannot trust his Mahometan subjects, even of the better class, to farm his income, because, as they themselves say, he would get nothing in return but a crop of lies. The Banians naturally work the custom- house so as to screen their own slaving agents ; and, so long as they have the power to promote it, their atrocious system of slaving will never cease. For the sake of lawful commerce, it would be politic to insist that the Sultan’s revenue by the custom-house should be placed in the hands of an English or American mer- chant of known reputation and uprightness. By this arrangement the Sultan would be largely benefited, legal commerce would be exalted to a position it has never held since Banians and Moslems emigrated into Eastern Africa, and Christianity, to which the slave trade is an insurmountable barrier, would find an open door. DAVID LIVINGSTONE. James Gordon Bennett, Esq. 