REVIEW. A KBW CALIFORNIAN POET*. "We have already called attention to the growth of a new literature in California vrhichpromises to be more "racy of the soil' and of more intrinsic excellence than any ether native to America. Bret Harte, Mark Twain (the author of "Jim Bludso"), and others have found their echo far beyond the Rocky Mountains and the Pacific on either side, and have arrived, within an extraordinarily brief space of time, at the fame which comes of railway book- stalls. Their little yellow and red volumes have jostled out nearly all other peripatetic litera- ture in England, and vie in circulation even with the novels of Captain Mayne Reid and tho latest detective revelations. To this vigorous band of Californian writers is now to be added the name of Joaquín Miller, in many respects the truest poet yet pro- duced on American soil. Mr, Miller, who com- menced his literary career in the San Francisco journals, and who has been a fellow-worker with Bret Harte in the now celebrated Over land Monthly, informs us in his preface that until the last few months he was never out of California : "Tho city of Mexico was my Mecca, and San Francisco, for me, a marvel of magnificence and civilisation. This last summer I crossed the Rocky Mountains, and for the first time saw New York ; a great place for cheap books, and a big den of small thieves." He is now resident in London, where he has made his first important ven- ture in poetry in tho volume called Songs of the Sierras. It is a volume in every way remarkable as tho début into tho world of a genuine poet, of a kind hitherto unknown, at least in the English lan- guage. Wild, rude, and uncultured as he shows himself in every page, with an extraordinary world knowledge and with only such literary training as might come to a man from a sedulous reading of Byron, Mr. Miller is the legitimate product of the Cali forman life. His poetry is brimful of nature and of passion, as that which has caught inspiration from the grand and troubled scenes amid which the author has lived. No muse ever came forth to woo the world more free from conventional clothing and less disembarrassed by any sense of shame. El vera incessa patet Dea. Dishevelled and rough as she is, she cannot but take our hearts by storm. No more intense or original poetry has been written in our day than these echoes from the Rocky Mountains. It was composed, the author tells us, "on the rough edges of the frontier, amid the scenes described, where I have spent all but the last few months of my life. There, walled from the world by seas on one hand, and the Sierra Nevada mountains in savage grandeur on the other, the heart would sometimes hunger after a gentler life, and the soul go out after the sweet ideal, a dove on the waters, and bring back dreams, and with them clothe facts and tales taken from the lips of moun- tain men as they sat and told then around their camp and cabin fires. Of such creations are these songs.' It is poetry which is tho direct evidence of the eyes and ears which reflects every hue of the many-changing and picturesque life of which it is the exprès sion. As the poet sings in his introduc tion \- Because the skies were blue, because Tho BUD In fringes of tho BO» Waa Ungle-, and delightfully Kept dancing on as In a waltz, And ti opio trees boned to tho seal, And bloomed and bore, years through and through And hirds In blended ¿old and bino Wero thick and sweot aa «warming bees, And aang ae II lu Paradlas And all tbnt P«radl>e was spring, Did 1 too Bing with lilted eyes, JBcunto I could not choose but ling." The main characteristic of these poems i the curious union of transmitted European thoughts and aspirations with local colour and material. Although a simple denizen of th Californian wilds-bred among huge pine forests and rocky passes, in tho land of the plains of alkali and sage and the yawning enflons, Mr. Miller dreams of tho forms of old-world art-of "chiselled marble" and "polished bronze¡" of sights and sound belonging to the "antique vesture of tin modern world," This has come, doubtless, to him from his study of Byron, apparently his one model and master. In tho fine poem called "Arizonian," which is tho first in th volume, there are whole passages which recall the older bard, but yet which are full of originality and local truth, as tho following lines will testify. Thoy are spokon by a gold minor, whoso paituor, a half savage girl, has left him in a fit of passion bent on suicide : «« I lay In my namalook ; Ihe air wau hoavy And hot and threatoniog; tbo very hoavon Was holding ita broath; and beoe la a bovy Bid under my thatch; and birds wore (Wron Ia cloud» to the rooks In a hurried whirr, AB I poor'd down by the path for her. "be stood Uko a bronze bont over tho river, The proud eyes Ilxod, tho pastlon unspokon, When the heavens broko like a great dyke broken : Thon oro I fairly bud limo to glvo her A Ebout of warning, a rushing of wind And the rolling ol clouds with a doafeniug din, And a daiknete that hid boen black to the blinda Carno down aa I shouted ' Come In 1 oome In I Come nedor tbo root, oome up from the river, Aa up from a gravo-como now, or come nover I' > Tbe tassel'd topa of the pinos were as woods, Tho red wonda rockod Uko to Uko aide roods, And tho world neem'd darken d aud drown'd for eve ODO time In tho night as tho black wind shifted, And a flash of lightning strotoh'd over tho stream, 1 soem'd to seo bor wlih her brown hands lifted Only teom'd to soo, as ono sees in a dream, With her oyoa wide wild and her palo Ups presa'd. And the blood from lier brow and the flood to hi bronst; When the flood caught hor hair aa tbo flax la a whee And wheeling and whirling hor round Uko a roo], Lou«h'd loud her despair, thon loapt long Uko a »too« Holding tight to her bair, folding fast to her heel. Laughing floreo, loaplng far, as if spurr'd to 1 tpced-" The flood having subsided, the lovor fine the body of bis mistress in the river, whic gives occasion to an exquisito passago : " Boro In tho Burge whore tho wators mot. And tbe warm ware lifted, and the ninds did fret The wave till it foam'd wltb raga on the land, She lay with tho wave on the warm white sand ; Her rieb hairtrail'd wltb tbo trailing weed«, And hor small brown hands' lay prone or lilted As tho wavo sang strophes In tbo broken reeds. Or paused In pity, and In silence sifted Hands of gold, as upon bor grave. And as sure as you soo yon browsing kin«, And broatho tho broith of your motdows fine, When I went to my waist in the warm whlto wavo And stood all palo In the wavo to my browt, And roach- for hor in her roBt and unro t, Her hands wore llltod and reaoh'd te mine " The miner returns homeward to seok for ti girl to whom he is betrothed, and whom 1 had left behind " I gathered the gold I had laid In the earth, 111U over the door and hld under the hoartb ; Hoarded and hld, a«, the world weit oror, For tbo lovo of a blonde by a sun-brown'd lover. And I stld to myself, as I set my (ace To tho east, uo far from the desolato pltco, 1 She bas braldod lier trcssoa aud through her tea Look'd away to the weat, for years, tho years That 1 liuvo wrought where tbo eua tans brown ; i 8bo has waked by night, «lie has watch'd by day, f Sbo has wept and wondored at my delay, * Alono and In tears, with her head held down, Where the Bhlps sall out and tho soas swirl In, Forgetting to knit and refusing to spin. She shall lift her bold, she shall seo hor lover, She shall heir his volco Ilka a soo, that rushoi, Bho shall hold his gold In hor hands of enow. And down ou hor breast sha shall hide her blush äs, And never a caro shall her true heart know, While tho clods aro below or tho clouds are abo' her." "Walker in Nicaragua" is a poom whic fow could havo boliovod could havo bee written about filibustering, but it is full i imagination and of a fragrance caught froi the tropical forest. It is perhaps the be poem which Mr. Miller has written, thone in partslcrudo and ill-finished, and palpab wanting in Horaco's art of tho "callie junctura." Slovenly and careless as ti versification is, it has a strango luxurioi melody, which is tho author's own. A passai describing the march of a troop of filibuste through the forest is of a quality rare matched in these days : " The trees shook hands high overhead, And bowod and Intertwined across Tho aorrow way, while leaves and moss And luscious fruit, gold-hued and red, Through the cool canopy of croon let not one sun-shaft pass between. Birds hung and swung, green-robed and red, Or droop-in curved Unes dreamily, Kalubows reversed, from tree to tree, Or sang low hanglog overhead Bang low, aa If they sang and «lept,_ * Bongs of tho Sierras. By Joaquín Hiller. Londoi longw-ns, 1871. / BIBB faint. Uko some tar waterfall And took no note of us at all, Though ripe nnts crush- at ever/ step. Wild UUee, tall as maldons are. As aweet of breath, as pearly fair, As fair aa faith, as pure aa truth, Fell thick before our erery tread As in a sacrifice to ruth, And all tho air with perfume flU'd More sweet than ever man distill-, The ripon'd fruit a fragrance shed. And hung in hand reach overhead, In nests of blossoms on the shoot, The bending shoot that bore the fruit. How ran the monkeys thro' the leaves ! How rush'd they thrcngh, brown elad and bin), Uko shuttles hurrlod through and through The threads a hasty weavor woaves." A prophecy of the future of California is a fine piece of description, of which the pro- phetic part may apply to other gold regions with only a trifling change of words : " I stand bosldo the mobllo sea; And sails aro spread, and sails aro f arl'd From farthest cornera of tho world, And fold Uko white wings wearily. Steamships go up, and some go down lu haste, like traders In a town, And seem to soo and beckon all. Afar at sea some white shapes flee, With arms stretoh'd like a ghost to me. And cloud-liko sails far blown and cur, d, Thon alldo down to the undor world. As If blown baro In winter blaits Of loaf and limb, tall naked masts Aro rising from the restless sea, So still and desolate and tall, I seem to see them gloam and illino With clinging drops of dripping brine. Broad still brown winga slide hero and thero, Tbln sea blue wings wheel everywhere, And white wings whistle through the air. I hear a thousand eoagulls call. Afar tho bright Blerras'lle, A swaying Una of snowy white, A fringe uf heaven hung in sight. Against the blue baso of tbo sky. " I look along each gaping gorgo, I heur a thousand Bounding strokes, Like glantB rending giant oaks, Or brawny Vulcan at his forge ; I seo pickaxes ii tin and ahlno And great whools whirling In a mine. Here winds, a thick and yellow thread, A moss'il and silver stream lnstotd ; And trout that loap'd Its rippled tide Have turn'd npon thoir sides and died. " Ii-> ! when the last pick in the min« Is rusting red wltb idleness, And rot yon cabins in tbo mould, And wheolB no more oroak In distress, And tall pines reassert command, Sweet bards along this sunset Bhore Tbelr mollow melodies will ponr, Will charmas charmers very wiso, Will strlko the harp with master hand, Will aound until the vaulted skies The valour of those men of old The mighty men of 'Forty nine Will sweetly ting and proud'y say, Long, long sgono there was a day When there wero glantB in the land." In his lyrical pieces-the cnu of the'true poet-the evidence of the singing faculty, which after all is at the bottom of all poetry and the best title to tho poet's name, Mr. Miller is no less happy. We might fill several columns with quotations, but onomore shall suffice " Again ehe lifts her whito arms high. Far flashing In their banda of gold And precious stones, rare, rich and old. Was ever mortal halt ao fall ? Was ever such a wealth of hair 7 Waa over such a plaintive air 7 Waa ever such a sweet despair 7 *'Still humblor now her form «ho bends, Still higher now the flame ascends. Bho baroB hor bosom io the sun. Again hor jewell'd fingers run In signs and stored form and prayer. She bowB with awe and holy air lu lowly wnrtblp to the sun, Then riting, calls her lover'« name, And leaps Into tbo leaping flime. " I do not hoar tho faintest moan, Or sound, or hjllablo, or tone. The red HamcB stoop a moment down, An if to rake her from the ground ; They whirl, tboy swirl tbey sweep around Wltb Ught'nlag feet and tlory crown ; Then stand up, tall, tip-toed, as one Would band a soul up to the sun." Of isolated passages and lines which live in the memory of the reader, there aro plenty dispersed throughout the volume-metaphors liko this : ''For love. Uko Lagani', can only «loop; But breathed upon by love and hope, will rite Bise up a loftier and a holler love." -single lines such as " Long leaves of sunshine la; over tho fl )or," The defects are Buch as arise naturally from Mr, Miller's life and associations. There is hero and there a touch of coarseness and vulgarity, of Blanginess meant for humour, but which is not humorous-lines like "Ho was a brick, and bravo u a bear." But the reader will acknowledge that wo havo in Mr. Joaquín Miller one with a real gift of verse, from whom far greater things are due a poet with tho true ring of genius in him, who is destined, unless spoilt by Euiopoan ciwlisation, to carry very high the fame of his native country, and to add fresh lustre to the young and vigorous school of Californian literature. 