THAT THE GENERAL TENDENCY OF PERIODICAL LITERATURE IS ADVERSE TO INTELLECTUAL PRO- GRESS. A Paper Read Before the Kapunda Literary Club by the Rev. J. Medway Day. I am almost afraid from remarks in an article in a recent number of the Herald, that I ought to offer some apology for bringing before you the subject I have chosen for this evening. I am certainly anxious to defend the Club in general and myself in particular from the charge of being a 'dilettante talking shop.' I cannot refrain from saying that the two subjects selected in that article for special condemnation, show on the part of the writer, great ignorance of their im- portance, or, what is scarcely so excusable, great indifference to it. If this were the fitting time, I should be prepared to maintain this position by quotations from authors whose pursuits would be a sufficient guarantee that their opinion was given upon the merits of the question alone. I refer to such students of science as Professors Huxley and Tyndall, and to such a student of mental and ethical philosophy as J. S. Mill. I have been induced to select this subject partly from a consideration of the objects aimed at by the Club, so far as Iunderstand them ; and partly with a view of making a change from the subjects which have recently occupied our attention. My own conviction is that we cannot aim at propagandism. This hardly comes within the scope of our plans. Nor is our object simply to bring before the members such subjects as can be better studied at home. I once heard an examiner of London University define as the true purpose and advantage of classes, that they compel those attending them to arrange their ideas in marching order and to have them always ready for immediate use; and I venture to express it as my opinion, that it is the mental discipline rather than the particular subject which is the occasion of that discipline which we do well to keep before as. If this is attained by us, I do not think we are a 'dilettante talking shop.' It is no doubt true that we only know so much as we can remember'. It is equally true for all purposes of utility, we only know so much as we are able to command and to use at a moment's notice. In asking you to affirm the proposition with which I have headed my paper, I am afraid I shall have to swim against the stream of generally received opinion; but I hope to be able to convince you before I have done that in this particular instance it is not only the most healthy exercise, but the truest course to take. The question is narrower than at first sight it may appear to be. By periodical literature I mean all literature which is published regularly at stated intervals, and which must contain at least a certain given amount of letter press. I include, of course, news- papers, magazines, and reviews, whether weekly, monthly, or quarterly. By intellectual advance- ment I mean, not so much the acquiring of know- ledge which is widely diffused, as the develop- ment and strengthening and right training of the faculty by which knowledge is acquired and turned to account. Furthermore, in saying periodical literature does not promote intellectual advancement, I am not saying it is therefore bad or useless. It can serve many purposes, and in the main I believe does serve them well. The advertisement of a lecture is a very useful document, and I am in no sense disparaging it when I say it is not useful in the same direction as the lecture itself. Most of our periodical literature from the very nature of the case is only an advertisement, more or less explicit and accu- rate, of what is moving on in the literary, scientific, social, political, commercial, or religious world. And since to know something about a subject and to know the subject itself are two very different things, I am justified in asserting that the general tendency of periodical litera- ture is adverse to intellectual progress. It need not always be adverse, but in fact upon the whole it becomes so, because the tendency is to reason about it much in the same way in which Dr. Johnson reasoned of his friend Harvey. ' Harvey, sir, was a man of good principles. I am afraid he was seldom inside a church, but he never passed one without taking his hat off.' The reading of periodical literature is like taking the hat off to the temple of know- ledge as we pass by. If any good is to be attained by going inside, we certainly miss that by making the lifting of our hat a substitute for it. The style of periodical literature is for the most part bad, and therefore mischievous in its results. I am quite aware that in advancing this I may be met with many facts which rather favour the opposite conclusion. But adopting the plan which Bacon recommends of ranging the facts and reasons for and against iu parallel columns, I think the weight of evidence is in favour of the position I have assumed. I admit the ' Spectator' was a periodical, and that it is deservedly ranked as one of the British classics ; but it had a host of imitators, the names of many of which are now scarcely known even in literary circles. DeQuincey says in one of his articles that some of the papers he wrote in a hurry, because the day of publication was at hand, were often equal to other productions over which he took more time. On the other hand, in the same article (which is in fact the preface to the seventh volume of his collected works) there are about half a dozen explanations of the articles contained in the volume, rendered necessary solely by the haste with which the papers had been written, and their consequent defectiveness. Lord Macaulay, in the preface to the edition of his essays contributed to the ' Edinburgh Review,' states that he was so sen- sible of the many defects in them that they would never have been published by him in a permanent form but that such a step was ren- dered necessary in self-defence, in consequence of the defective edition printed in America and introduced into England. When we come to those periodicals which are issued weekly or daily, the case is much worse; and if we call to mind the special conditions under which these publications take place, we shall be at no loss to account for the extent of the mischief they produce or for its nature. Nearly all our periodical literature is representa- tive. It is carried on as a business, and is exposed to the worst evils of competition; and the sub- jects of which it treats are subjects which for the most part are unfavourable to the development of real intellectual power on the part of the writer, or to the strengthening of the intellectual faculty of the reader. Nearly all our periodical literature, I say, is representative. Even the apparent exceptions— such as the ' Contemporary Review' amongst Reviews and ' Public Opinion' amongst the weekly papers—are not exceptions. Nearly every shade of political opinion, every kind of religious creed, every trade, every separate interest of commerce, every shibboleth of so-called philo- sophy, has its chosen organ. The object of these publications is confessedly not to further the in terests of truth, but to become the means of disseminating certain opinions. Once ascertain the purpose and character of any particular pub- lication, and you may tell, even before reading its various articles, what train of thought they will follow. Take for example three of the quarterlies —' The Quarterly,' ' The Edinburgh,' and 'The Westminster Review.' Whether the subject be philosophical, political, or religious, it is a fore- gone conclusion what view will be taken. The object is not so much to produce a faithful portrait of the subject in hand as to caricature certain prominent traits which are easily distinguishable, and which can be represented by the most unskil- ful artist. If the countenance is distinguished by marked peculiarity, the veriest tyro in drawing can reproduce this with sufficient accuracy to make it a striking likeness. But to paint two portraits, each of which shall be distinguished and readily recognised, where the form and the features are almost exactly similar, requires skill and genius of the highest kind. Most of our re- view writers appear to act npon the former plan. The features easily caricatured are copied—a striking, likeness undoubtedly is produced—and the work is forthwith heralded far and wide as a most accurate portrait and a consummate work of art. If in ' Chambers' Journal' a reporter pro- poses to give a sketch of his experiences in the pursuit of his profession, does any one doubt for a moment the kind of article that will be pro duced ? If he describes his experience in the 'well' of Exeter Hall, he will tell of speakers who drop their h's, and of the pegs which are there ready to catch them—the dropping of the h being to each a class of writers one of the strongest evidences of personal Christianity. He will- describe the impassioned utterances of pious who received a special call of Providence to sell out, just on the eye of some engagement in which their services were likely to be required, and to devote themselves to works of philanthropy and religion, instead of to the cultivation of the arts of war. If the ' Fortnightly' wishes to show the fallacy of regarding prayer as a curative or moral agency, you can easily mark out the broad lines of argument before reading. Anything that is called prayer is selected. Experiments made under the most unfavourable circumstances, and with the greatest disregard of its true laws. aa laid down in the only book which treats of the subject! are chosen. These experiments are shown to be almost always failures, and of course the triumphant conclusion is drawn. Suppose 100 persons, selected out of this town at random, should be appointed to made six pumps each, I venture to say the majority of the pumps would not work, I know my six would not be worth much. Reasoning according to the * Fortnightly,' we should say that the supposed law of nature upon which pumps are made has no existence.. Nay, this does not fully represent the absurdity of the argument. The true scientific progress of ac counting for certain results is this— There is a certain result produced ; magnetism is absent; therefore magnetism does not produce, and so on. This, you will easily see, is a kind of process that cannot be applied to the case in question. If the ' Westminster Review' wishes to write an article on the denomination, for instance, to which I belong, what do you find ? The representative character maintained, and another feature which is scarcely ever absent from such productions—a total ignoring (more probably a total ignorance) of the past and contemporary history of the subject about which they write. The origin of a learned ministry among Dissenters is ascribed to R. Hall's age—quite ignoring the fact that very soon after the passing of the Toleration Act the Dissenting Academies became so famous for their learning that the sons of noblemen, and even foreign divines, sought their culture. The reviewer admits that 'one tutor at least is a pro- found scholar, and that the theological lecturers in nearly all the Baptist Colleges are, for the most part, men of attainments.' He says, 'Our Baptist friends . . . are dead to ideas that are moving the time and forming the mould of the future.' Then, in striking contrast to this, he says, ' Into theological colleges, as into every centre of activity, the modern spirit has entered; doubt, which is the shadow of thought, darkens the faith of the students precisely in proportion to their intellectual energy, and some- times it is found that a course of training de- signed to prepare men for the ministry has fitted them for almost anything but that.' If the 'Edinburgh Review,' with Sydney Smith as the writer, wished to exalt the gentlemanly religion as against the more vulgar, it classes systems as wide asunder as possible under the general opprobrious epithet of ' Methodist.' If a publi- cation like our defunct local 'Pasquin' wants to follow in the same strain it selects as the type of Methodism, Morley Punshon, a man who is as unlike the supposed ideal of Methodism as can be well conceived. Then it gets praised as being intellectual, on the same principle, I suppose, on which an ugly, sensual, shameless woman who elopes with some scoundrel is described as beau- tiful and fascinating. These instances, taken at random and chiefly from the higher class of periodical literature, sufficiently indicate what I mean by the mischief resulting from its representative character. It is sworn to certain opinions, or no opinions; and facts, figures, and arguments have to be distorted in order to justify the foregone conclusion. What the result must be so far as the writer is concerned, I do not venture to say. So far as the reader is concerned it is as little likely to lead to intellectual advancement, as the constant gazing upon the most hideous deformities in nature would be to cultivate the idea and the love of beauty. I do not think it worth while to say anything of the numberless American journals started in the immediate interest of some can- didate for the Senate or for the Presidentship; because I suppose about them there will be only one opinion. Another condition of periodical literature which works evil is, that it is conducted to pay, and is exposed to all the evils of competition. Up to a certain point, competition in literature is good as in everything else. But the real productiveness of literature is something like the real productive- ness of land. Up to a certain point you can in- crease it by labor and manure. Beyond that you cannot. By additional labor you may go on man- ufacturing chairs or tables to an indefinite extent, but it is not so with land or literature. Now, the inevitable result when literature is carried on as a business—that is, to pay, and when it is exposed to all the evils of competition—is, that if the bulk is increased, the quality is deteriorated. If a smoker expectorates much there is no doubt in his case more saliva excited than in the case of the non-smoker; but it is equally certain the quality is inferior. I should hardly be prepared to go to the full length with Burns in the feeling which he cherished, that there was something contemptible in taking money for literary work. But I think among the many strong reasons which might be urged in favour of Coleridge's recommendation to literary men that they should have a trade or profession by which they might obtain a livelihood and regard literature as a recreation, this deserves a prominent place—that it would place them above the temptation to write to order simply to make money. It would be an easy matter to give many instances in support of the position that the commercial element in periodical literature is a source of great evil. The periodical literature spoils the appetite for that which is in reality for more interesting and far more profitable. It is so much easier to be wise from reading a review, than to purchase the wisdom by reading the book itself. Arthur Helps, in his 'Friends in Council,' tells of an author who was obliged to keep con- tributing to periodical literature in order to maintain life until he could publish his great work. In fact, periodical literature necessitates among literary men what often takes place among the poorer laboring men and women—they have to kill themselves in order to procure the means of livelihood. I may perhaps be told that but for our periodical literature some of our noblest standard works would never have been published. I may be told of ' Sartor Resartus,' which after lying inarticulate in manuscript for seven years found utterance at last by being cut up into chapters and published in ' Fraser's.' I admit it; but I reply that periodical literature is to blame for the result. An exciting religious tea- meeting or a fashionable charity dinner is, no doubt, the means of raising a large sum of money. But it is the dinner which makes it impossible to raise the money in any other way. If a person, buys a dinner ticket, knowing that under the influence of wine and speeches he will be made to promise a large subscription, of course he takes care not to give anything before. In literature, as in physics, modern taste—that taste to which periodical literature especially panders—requires that both our food and our medicine should be in the form of a sugar plum. That periodical literature is written to order and is written so as to pay, accounts also I suppose for another feature, viz., those articles which are written for the delectation of that remarkable individual ' the general reader.' Gossipy ghost stories are rewritten for the general reader. A little science and theology, with a spice of scandal and profanity, is boiled down into a stew for the general reader. An article, in reality as filthy as Sterne's ' Senti mental Journey,' is covered with a thin veil of decency almost more suggestive than naked lewd- ness, and receiving the dignified title of 'A Study,' is published for the benefit of the general reader. We sometimes get a truer idea of an evil by supposing what is happily an impossible com- bination. Try to imagine a publisher going to John Milton and ordering a ' Paradise Lost,' to be published in successive numbers of ' The Cromwellian;' or another publisher going to John Bunyan and ordering a 'Pilgrim's Pro- gress,' to be published in the popular serial called 'Cheerful Thoughts.' - Imagine these works written under the influence of flaming advertisements and a large sum paid to secure the author's co-operation, and - But we can not imagine it. I can, however, imagine periodical literature becoming so entirely a pay- ing business (speaking according to the spirit of the age) that true literature will in disgust take its flight to more genial climates than are to be found on our earth. Another characteristic of periodical literature is, that the class of subjects with which it is concerned is not favourable to a good style of writing. DeQuincey, in his article on Style, says that matters of objective knowledge are not so conducive to good style as matters of sub jective speculation. In the latter, the style is everything; in the former, the subject is para- mount, and the style nothing. If the passing events are of an exciting character, it matters but little how they are chronicled. Hence that 'periodic style of writing' so characteristic of our newspapers. A dozen sentences begin with "if," the mind is held in suspense for some moments until the real point to be brought out is reached. Under the artificial character of the newspaper style each separate period, becomes a monster arch, which not receiving the key- stone until nearly finished, imposes upon the unlucky reader the onus of its ponderous weight during the process of construction. The in- evitable result is shorthand reading, or what a writer in 'All the Year Round' calls skipping as mischievous an intellectual habit as can be acquired; a habit, too, the knowledge of which must react upon the writer, so that there is some force in Sir W. Scott's recommendation to place a preface that is intended to be read at the end of a book rather than at the beginning. The practical object I have aimed at in these remarks is this : We hear much in these days of the need of diffusing knowledge, and of creating a literary taste among the people. It is main- tained among us that the opening of the reading room free is desirable, because it would lead to such a result. My own impression is that this is a mistake. There are different ways by which we may acquire knowledge—by observation, ex- periment, and reasoning. For this knowledge to be really serviceable to us, it must be reached by the old method—hard toil. "He who seeks," says a modern writer, "to divorce toil from knowledge, robs knowledge of its most valuable property." In the same strain says Ruskin, " People will at last discover that royal roads to anything can no more be laid in iron than they can in dust. . . . To be wise, we must look and think." "The mental discipline involved in the study of science is almost lost to those who read it in books,' says Tyndall. The patient, confident, trusting spirit which experiment after experiment, begets, is unknown to those who simply read of results without following processes. Even where the experiments are made, there is still large scope for the exercise of the logical faculty. This faoulty should be, as Huxley remarks, a mill in thorough working order. It is the cultivation and training of this which specially makes a man intellectually progressive. The student of science knows there is a certain road to truth and to definite results, by experiments and observation. Every man needs to know there is an equally well defined and certain road to truth by reasoning. Those subjects in which the conclusions must be arrived at by the purely logical process are the subjects best fitted to train the mind. But each must travel the road for himself. The man who has ascended the " Matterhorn has received im pressions which he will never forget. The man who simply sees a panorama of it in the Poly- technic or elsewhere may talk learnedly about it; but to him the discipline is worth nothing. We must climb the Matterhorn of knowledge for our selves by the old rough road. We shall assuredly! find that the panorama which periodical litera- ture gives us is no substitute for it. If we try to make it a substitute, then it comes to be actually, adverse to intellectual progress. Since the pano- rama can be removed at pleasure, we shall remove it when it suits our purpose. Like a recent writer in an Australian paper, when pressed home with the legitimate conclusion of his logic, we shall ex tinguish the difficulty by saying we did not at all intend to air our logic. Intellectual progress means that we regard logic as being as inexorable as destiny, and that we regard it as an arduous, but safe and sure road to certainty and truths I do not believe in the arrogant assertion of Hobbes, a self-educated and a late educated man, that if he had read as many books as others he would have been as ignorant as they. But I am strongly inclined to apply with increased emphasis to periodical literature, what Dr. Chalmers once said of novels—that while many of them were good, and in a sense useful, yet a man might have read none and be intellectually and morally none the worse. I can almost conceive of a man who has read so much periodical literature that his intellectual faculties have become rheumatic, and his logical mill broken and spoiled by the grit and stones which have been substituted for pure grain. 