SPIRITUALISM AS A RELIGION. P, — Well, Inquirer, we have to conclude to day, and there is much to be said, so that the more concise we are the better. Put your ques tions briefly. X. — G-reat stress is "laid upon the circumstance that the mediums, ii 1 all instances, aver, while under the influence, t'nat the communications are from spirits. This testimony coines from all lands. P. — And you should have added, from all be lievers, and from beli evers only. You get your own thoughts writte n c ut, and if you imagine spirits are at work you will be told they are; if you imagine demons, you will be told demonB ; if dogs, you will be told dogs. I shall put the Rev. J. Wataford in the box again, his testimony being unimpeachable. Mr. Wafcsford says 41 Some time ago I read a paper on the subject befere a number of ministers ©f different denominations, and we together tried to test it. I asked one to place his fingers very lightly on the planchette near none, and on no account to move the board in the least. X then ssid. 4 If I were a spiritist, I would ask if there are spirits here, what are their names, etc. ; but as I believe there is nothing nitra-mnndane about it, let me ask you to think of some name— a name that 1 am net likely to think of/ He said, 4 1 am now thinking ofaiiam«. Telling him to be careful Eiot to meve the plan- 1 chette, I directed it to write the name, and it at once wrote Eva, which the minister said was the name of Ids little girl, and the enehe thought of. On the same a number of us stood at a table, and at our request-it begau to turn round. We asked it to_ rap the ages, < of all present, and it did so, correctly in every case but one. The gentleman said, 'Try again.' We did so, and the correct answer was given, and the te a tie man told us that in the first trial he had willed the table to rap the number it did." 1 1 can name you a circle of inquirers where it was found that if there was a division of opinion the table would answer according to which side had the strongest or most cultivated intelligences, or were most in earnest. Whichever side had the will, power prevailed. But the evidence that communications merely reflect the creeds and opinions of those who receive them is simply overwhelming. You may commence with the ancients, and go on to Mr. Tyerman. Marcellinus, the old Roman historian, who refers to table- revelations which are perfect counterparts of those of the seances , says that the people of Rome were expecting that Theodorus would become the em peror; and, of course, when the tables were con sulted, they gave the letters of that name ; whereas it .proved that Theodosius became the emperor. Again, Pagans, Greek and Roman philosophers, Buddhists, Brahmists, Chinese followers of Fohi and Lootse, all have received communications in accordance with their own beliefs. Nay, mytho logy gods have appeared to mythologists. To come down to Mr. Tyerman, I heard him state that his prayers and preaching while he was a Christian minister were in vain. When he was | a devoted Wesleyan missionary, when he was a ; Swedenborgian, when he was officiating as an Independent, when he was a candidate for Church of England orders, we may suppose lit waB the same. He could not, he said | in St, George's -hall, stifle his doubts as to eternal punishment, as to the Godhead of I Christ, as to the authority of the Bible. He | consulted the spirits, and lo ! the answers came just as Mr. Tyerman had expected. The spirits 'and Mr. Tyerman were perfectly of one mind ! The creed Tyerman held in secret, the angels professed openly ! He learned that alter deatn we are all translated to happy spheres, that our Christ is an imposition, and the real Christ is just a very worthy man in his way j that the less said about .the Bible the better. One does not know whether to laugh or weep at the palpable pbsurdity of the proceedings. The unconscious fraud lies on the surface. I. — And then, Philo, as regards the physical phenomena. You deny Mrs. Guppy's flight a mile and a half through the air, but on the same ground— so the spiritualists argue — you may deny all the miracles of the Bible. You are a materi alist, and an infidel, and a positivist, and a rationalist ; or an insidious enemy to your Christian church, any way, for that rests on a miracle. i p.— My dear fellow, you may as well leave us klone. There is nothing to be made out of us, for if Christianity were a delusion, spiritualism would still be nothing but a sham. However, let US have no mistake. W e Christians do not deny the power of our God to perform your feats. We only say that in these instances He has not ope rated. When He has desired to manifest His will by miracles He has done so ; perhaps He will do so again ; but as there were false miracle- inongers from the first, so we believe there will be to the end. The church, remember, rejected more false miracles than it received proved ones ; it put aside far more apocryphal lives of Jesus than it admitted gospels to the canon as genuine. Compare also, for an instant, the miracles we accept in the person of the Saviour, the feeding of the multitude, the raising of the dead, the restoration of the bliud man's sight, With the wonders of the spiritualists. What are they when summed up ? The elonga tion of the body of Mr. Home and its contraction again, the playing of guitars ti the dark, the fastening and unfastening of knots — and performed, moreover, at dark Seances, for admission to which a charge is i\iade. In the one ease, we see evidence of a God, in the. other of a trickster. In the Banner of Light we read of mere objectless prodigies, mere juggler's feats ; in the Biole we find proofs of a Divine and tender and personal love. Besides, as you know, Inquirer, the spiritual ists do not really class iiy their manifesta tions with the miracles ; but, oa the contrary, virulently contend against the latter, and print specific revelations that the multitude was not fed that Lazarus was not restored, and that the body of Jesus did not rise from the tomb, but was stolen. There is war, open and undis guised between the manifestations. Note, also, this fundamental. , distinction. - The biblical events are claimed to' be suspenr sions of prevailing laws for Diyine purposes, i.e.t nliiracles. The ethers are manifestations ob tained according to laws, and -therefore not miracles at all. You can purchase . pgihted instructions how to form a circle, and. elicit the phenomena, for 25 cents, and a score of " inspirationalists " advertise in the Bait'- iter of Light their willingness to develope mediums at one dollar the lesson. Now we violate Christ's own command if we believe in theBe absurdities. The Saviour told his disciples t> be wise as serpents, which, translated into i&odern; phraseology, means that we are not to be made fools of— not to gulp down every bare faced lie wliichTias only its effrontery to recom mend it. j I. — One thing is to be said, however; a medium gets no harm, according to your own showing, by attending the seances. The morals they are taught are their own, and their physical faculties are exalted. j P. — I would grieve greatly if I had led you to that conclusion. A distinction is to be drawn, however, between a man who is a passive believer, and the man who is a medium. The former will suffer by the corruption of his faith, but for tbe latter the practice is equally per nicious to body and soul. Sometimes certain pf the faculties are exalted in tbe mediumistic reverie, but it is the exaltation of disease — the congestion of one portion of the brain, say pathologists, and the unnatural irritation of another. Too often there is a complete lesion. The very object of all mental training is to develope and strengthen the mind, and place it completely under the con trol of the will, so that we may have it in all its power at our beck and call, ready, like the elephant's trunk, to pick up a pin or grapple With an oak, and the primary result of medium- ship mast be to undo all this — to dissever the mind from the will. Use your eyes and look at the general run of mediums, and you cannot help being struck by the dreamy expression of their faceB during their periods of influence. The same listless vacancy is Been in precisely the same way on the countenances of.indulgers in the per nicious habit of morbid reverie, and, says Dis- reli, with equal force, and truth, iuhis Gotta- ; nni Fleming," " there is but one step between his state who deeply indulges ir imaginative meditation and insanity." One of the saddest sights I have seen anywhere has been that of a young girl in one of the suburbs of Melbourne. Her parents have encouraged her in her "medium- ship " until die can see visions by simply laying her head upon her hand and closing her eyes, but she carries with her all the marks of idiocy. My opinion is that the parents of that child should be proceeded against criminally. I. — You have been unfortunate in your ex perience. P. — By no means. Professor W. X). Gunning, of New York, is an ardent spiritualist, and has written a work to prove that disembodied intelli gences do visit this earth, and that they often are those who, to use his own words, have " passed within the vail." As he is not a medium, how ever, his hallucination on the subject has not deprived him of his senses, and he sumB up as follows : — 44 That the difference between their state (the spirits) and ours is so great, and tbeir power of communicating with us so feeble, that a great part of that which comes to us in their name is vague, sounding, and worthless. And, finally, that the condition called mediumship, subjecting the person to all kinds of influx, bad as well as good, is not congenial to mental or moral health, and should not be cultivated." I. — Well, I was about saying that we were safe — that our morals would not be corrupted by spiritualism. Listen to what " J. S." declares of the doctrines of spiritualism : — " They instruct us to live for others, aad not for our selves. They admonish, us io study and obey the laws of nature, and remind us that man is tbe only animal, excepting those he has domesticated, that v olates those laws. They inform us that he who possesses a key to these possesses also a key to the laws ef the whole universe. They point out to us that the on'y true sources of happiness oa earth are to be found in the happiness we confer on others. They present to us the Almighty Father as a being infinitely wise, powerful, just, and beneficent, who has predestinated all mankind to be 4 saved, in the theological sense of the word, but leaves each of us free to accelerate or retard our progress, both here and hereafter, by our own conduct j that every violation of one ©f Sis laws inevitably brings with it its appropriate punishment ; that there is no place of eternal torture, bus that if we do not expiate our errors in this life we shall do so in the next ; and the mode of expiation, as described by the spirits, is one which commends itself entirely to our reason and to onr sense of justice. Finally, spirit ualism assures us of the immortality of the soul by the strongest of all testimony, that of those who are in its actual enjoyment, and whose elevation in that worla is governed a d determined by the amount of good they can effect in thia upon which they have lived and moved and had their- earthly being. 44 Will any sane man venture to affirm that there is anything degrading and superstitious in th s belief or in these doctrines ? P.— The ideas of " J. S." may do great credit to his heart, as their neat expression does to his head. They are what his friends would expect from him as his ideal, which, of ; course, they are — and nothing more. " J. S." is not the great High Priest of the Order. He is at liberty to take the creed of the advanced Unitarians and father it on the spiritualists, which is exactly what he has done ; but the next spiritualist you will meet will laugh at the advanced Unitarians. His assumption that he can dogmatically lay down the creed of Spiritualism, merely shows that his Spiritualism is evolved out of his own consciousness — that he knows very little of the belief as it is pro pounded in the writings of the recognised seers of the society, and nothing dtf it in practice, not only in America and England, but in Mel bourne itself. Now I do, and I claim to speak with a great deal more authority than " J. S." If I had not read the licentious passages in the one case, and seen the degrading pro ceedings in the other, yon would" not have indnced me to make this attempt to warn you and others of the dangers you run. To take the latter first. You remember the evidence given recently in the Supreme Court in a libel action founded on the assertions that im moral doctrines were preached and prac tised by a sect at Oakleigh. A good many witnesses swore that those doctrines were practised, and the Judge, who sided strongly with the accused, thus described them and their fraternity : — " It would not have escaped the attention of the jury that they held very peculiar views. Their very phraseology was peculiar. They talked ef very astound ing matters, of visions having been seen, and altogether it was evident that a very strange state of circum stances must have existed. How any person could have listened for a moment to the suggestion that a mau could take the wife of another person and live with her as his wife appeared very strange indeed. That there was some foundation for such a thing they could not doubt/ The reference of the Judge was to a painful episode, admitted by the persons concerned, of the woman's children " seeing a vision" of their mother's degradation, and father and mother, and the promised paramour, constituting them selves a " church" to discuss the subject ! I shall say nothing more than the Judge did, but the public has a right to know that this sect was initiated in spiritualism. First came table-rapping and table-turning, then visions, then the prophet, and them the Church of the Firstborn of the new Jerusalem sprang into being. I. — That might be a mere local- perversion. The spiritualists would and did disown those people. P. — Denial is useless. Believe the worst of the Church of the New Jerusalem and you will find thev only carried cut what spiritualists a great deal higher in repute than " J. 8." have taught. I can give you extracts from their own writings which inculcate like principles to those attributed to that wretched sect. I had a passage from the "Arcana" of the Rev. Mr. Harris, the leading con tributor to the Spiritualist Magazine, to read to you, but it is too filthy. It describes the sexual freedom of the spheres and the increase and prolongation of certain earthly pleasures that are generally supposed to link man with the animal. Gridley, on " Celestial Marriages," has equally immoral chapters. His heaven is anti cipated in Little Bourke street, and he declares that "ere long the same liberty will ' be given to men on earth." Mr. Harris is rather a change able medium, or " progressive," as the spiritual ists say, and I am glad to perceive that he is pro gressing backwards to Christianity. Hs has not only abandoned bis idea of universalism and swung clean over to believe in the perdition of the wicked, but he has reproached the advanced spiritualists bitterly for their teachings. -In 1868 he specifically condemns these, amongst other circles, who taught as follows : — "First, that the Scriptures are not the word of God, and that the Divine Spirit never vouchsafed -utterance to man. Second, that the Messiah. our Redeemer,is . not, in .any sense, a Saviour of the soul from sin, death, and hell. Third, that he never met in combat our spiritual foe; that he never overcame or cast out destroying spirits from their human slaves; that he never made an atonement off expiation for sin ; that he never rose in his re-assumed humanity from the grave ; that he never ascended, glorified, to Heaven ; that he never communicated the Holy Ghost. of naturai affinity, and that where two are legally .con- j -iued, and the wandering inclinations of either rove to another object, tbe, new attraction lie comes the law ful husband or the lawful wife." Now this latter is the precise teaching attributed to the Church of the New Jerusalem,' and if 'it was not set forth at Oakleigh, we .hay© the indis putable word of the Rev. Mr. Harris that it is. " broadly put forth" at head-quarters. And sup posing the doctrine of " giving to men their proper mates " was preached at Oakleigh, as it was sworn to have been, why should I take " J. S." in preference to the local prophet ? The Pro phet's authority is as good as any "J.S." can have. He and his had trances and saw visions. He and his conversed with the angels. His church was completely spiritualistic. Doubt less some spiritualists in Melbourne have not reached so purely a spiritual stage as to see their wives sitting on mediums' knees and reclining on mediums' bosoms with unqualified approval, but others in Melbourne have, just as Mr. Harris says they have in England and America. I. — But Mr. Harris disapproves of these proceedings. P. — And Mr. Harris, like "J. S.," is power less. That is the curse of the system. His medium has no more authority than any one else's medium. My counter assertion to his plea of morality is, therefore, that though his communications may be moral, and his practice may be perfect, yet the teachings of many of his persuasion are immoral in theory and pernicious in practice. Good men and women are among the believers in Spi ritualism, no doubt. Smitten fathers and mothers, and husbands and- wives, seek in it communion with the sainted dead. . Restless inquirers search it for a new revelation of the relations of God to man ; but after all allowances are made, the set of such a system must be to immorality. No other result can be expected when you leave sinfnl men to be guided by their own impulses ; when, without check, every man makes his own com mandments ; when he ignores Sinai for a planchette. Remember this appalling fact, that Spiritualism stands nearly alone in one terrible particular. It lias no God ! Its adherents may prattle about a Divinity, but they necessarily set Him aside ia practice. Man asks, and man speaks back to man. The corrupt hearken to the voice of corruption, the doubters to tbe voice of doubt, and they fall on their knees, saying, " Lo, it is the voice of a God !" The French infidels enthroned reason, but the first step of the spiritualists is to " deaden their brains" in the reveries — or, in other words, to dethrone reason They instal insanity or folly instead. I. — Before we finish, although is is going back, let me remind you that " J. S." lays great stress upon the circumstance that the medium he sees is capable of changing the form and expression of her face, and the tone of her voice, and the style and subject cf her conversation, so as to make these consistent with the character and teaching of the particular spirit — unnamed — whom she professes to represent for the time being. P. — I really could laugh at that. It is the precise phenomenon upon which the students of hypnotism dwell. If you bowed their heads, they assumed an air of humility, and spoke in subdued tones. If you placed their hands to their foreheads, they were haughty and arrogant. Dr. Carpenter speaks of a lady who was assured she was an elderly valetudinarian in the neigh bourhood. She lost all sense of her ewn identity at once. I think she had only seen the gentleman once, but her imitation was inimitable. The air with which, on marriage being proposed to her, she said, " A wife for a dying man, doctor!" was, says Dr. Carpenter, not to be forgotten. So much for the artificial somnambulist. The lady " clair voyant" in Melbourne, who, you know, narrated the death of the Queen some months ag'o, dis plays the same powers of expression. Her accents and gestures, when relating the scene in /the sick G lamber at Windsor Castle, were described to by a gentleman, who had just left her, as i ir above any acting. He was induced to believe by her force of expression that the scene she I escribed was real. You' perceive that the more " J. S." gets from , vague generalities to particulars, the more readily we identify his phenomena with that of hypnotism, or somnam bulism, or mesmeric sleep, or j whatever term you like to apply to the condition. I. — And you refuse to believe in spiritualism at all? P.— Yes, on four grounds. 1. Because all the proved phenomena are paralleled in our everyday life. . . 2. Because with-regard to their higher claims, the spiritualists only venture to put forward tests that are shams, thereby confessing the falsity ©f those claims. 3. Because, if God had willed that spirits should communicate with man, it is incre dible "that he should have doubly misled us, by first choosing the channel through which derange ment runB, and secondly, causing the spirits to rave like the insane. 4. Because the outcome of the system must be and is immorality. I. — But what is spiritualism ? P.— It is not religion, fer it knows no standard of morals— no principles of belief ; but a? regards the nature of God and the future of nan, and even his obligations in this world, one seer point-blank contradicts the othe1 _ and having a new revelation to-morrow will Contradict his own teaching of to-day. , It is not science, which flouts its pretensions, and which it assumes to supersede. It is not reason, which revolts at its absurdities, and which it deposes as a preliminary from its throne. I. — Then what, is it ? P.— My premises, I submit, show very clearly what iis namely, a mixture of artificial som nambulism, of fraud, and of delusion, with, per haps, in the physical phenomena, a dash of " psychic force." The verdict of Chatnellard, a doctor of the Sorboune in the seventeenth cen tury, on Mesmer's experiments applies to spiri tualism. Malta ficta. pauca vera, a dcemone nulla. Many things fictitious, tew true, from a demon none. And . -one last word. If - you inust believe. Still avoid thn m orl in m ial.i'a Mvanoa HThttf -T— MAWMIUUMUW4V avivuyii; way lies madness. H. W. 