THE WAUGHEt MYSTERY. It will be remembered that some time since we published an account of certain proceedings the police had undertaken for the purpose of investi gating the circumstances surrounding the myste rious disappearance of a man named Waugh, who used to reside in a house at the corner of Bourke street west and William street. These inquiries . have been pushed to what appears at pre sent to be their limit, and a history of the cue, will - doubtless be read with interest. The investiations have been carried on by Detective Hartney, for the most part, and it would seem that both Heaven and earth have been searched for proofs and facto that, could throw light upon the mystery. The fact that Waugh had been missing since about 1851 was first communicated to the police early in Decem ber last, and it was then hinted that murder had been committed. A resident at Hotham visited the Detective-office with what was said to be a spiritual communication, and it was to the following effect (the ghost of the defunct Wangh, of course, was the communicator): "My death was caused by a hit on the head from a poker when I was asleep and lying down on the sofa in Big Bourke street, opposite St. James's Church, and there you will find me down by the chimney, about 4ft. underground, and there I am, so you will soon find me ; bo good-bye ; no more at present. 1 was murdered hy Liz about twenty-one years ago. Go to the Detective- office, and Bhow them what I have wrote this morning. Show them this paper, and tell them. That is all yon have to do at present. Good-bye." Of course the members of the force were too materialistic in their beliefs to commence a troublesome inquiiy into circum stances that happened twenty-one years ago and during an unsettled epoch in colonial history on the mere strength of a crack-brained note of the kind presented to them. Bnt it was in ferred that the information sent them might have some truth in it, and that those who wished to furnish data pf the foul deed chose to adopt the spiritualistic dodge as an excuse for opening up a subject they desired to have in vestigated. Inquiries were made in other directions, and it was found that Waugh had lived in the house pointed out, and that he was a man of property. About the time named he had returned from the diggings, and had ex pressed considerable anger because his daughter, though very young at the time, had married a German shoemaker. He was reconciled to this proceeding, however, and made an appointment to pee her next day, when he would draw some money from tne bank, and set her and her husband up in business. He did not tarn up at the appointed time, and the presumption was that he had been murdered. On the night before his sudden disappearance it was found that he had slept in the house of his sister, Mrs. Spencer, who lived in the house mentioned, opposite Mr. Goldsbrough's store, and belonging to that gentleman. One witness, who seems to be more succinct in her recollection, says that the daughter was married to the German on the 28th (fuly, 1.852 On the night prior to Waugh's dis? Appearance he elppt iu his sifter's house, on the sofa ; and next day Mrs. Spencer sold the horse, dray, and harness that he had come down to town with. 'tNo inquiries were made as to the sudden disappearance of Waugh, even when it was found that he did not keep his appointment with his daughter after the reconciliation, but it was observed that Mrs. Spencer was always annoyed and excited when any inquiries were made concerning her brother. On one occasion shortly after his disappearance, she returned hurriedly to the house and asked Wither the police had been there, a&d; whep pskpd why Bbe expected a visit (ropi them, she said that the watercloset was over flowing, when such was not the case. From her strange conduct Waugh's daughter BUBpected that her father had been made away with, and that the body had been thrown into the water-closet. Mrs. Spencer had euph a terror of sleeping by herself at this time that she in duced her nieoe to sleep with her. Neither could sleep on one particular night, and Mrs. Spencer put her hand out to feel whether her niece was by her side. On ascertaining that she was there, she ejaculated " I will settle you," and then got ; out of the bed and left the room. The niece was so terrified that she hid amongst the boxes beneath the bed, and presently saw Mrs. Spencer return with a dagger in her hand. | jrs. Spencer on not finding her, went to bed Again, and at daylight the niece escaped into the next house. About eighteen months after laugh's diflaDDflarancfi. IVTra. Snannar marriad a. man r r f r — - "vf.-: — — " T: named Miller, and the daughter does not know what became of him. The daughter, after the incidents just related, was much troubled in her mind, another witness says, and was heard to say jn her sleep, "The police are ceming. What shall I do P They will be sure to find him 1" Further inquiries revealed thp fqct that Mr. Spencer cut his throat, and Mrs. Spenoer twice attempted to end her life by the same means, but her attempts were ineffec tual. Mrs. Spencer's version of Waugh's death, as related by a witness now resident at Dande- nong, is that he was employed at Dineford's station, Lancefield, and was killed by a fall from his horse. No trace of Waugh's name or pos sessions can he traced in official records. On Monday and Tuesday the police, having obtained permission from the owners of the property, tore up the floors of the old honBeB in Bourke street, and dug for about 4ft. beneath the floor, but could meet with no other bones than those that had evidently been carried there by jiats. ' Qther witnesses considered to be in the possession 'of valuable ipformatiop are wanted hy the police, but cannot bs found, and so the mystery rests still to be cleared up. The police deserve great credit for the way in which they have during the last few months accumulated evidence in the matter. 