THE EAST MELBOURNE ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-Your correspondent "B.," in this day's issue coarsely states an untruth. He tells us that the Catholic electors of East Melbourne are " under orders from their clergy to vote against Mr. Cohen. Permit me to inform your correspondent that the government of our church is not a government of arbitrary will, but a government of law. The church has true legislative power, not in matters of faith or morals indeed, bat in matters of government or discipline, and the canons enacted and promulgated by councils, approved by the sovereign Pontiff, and edicts formally published by the Pope, are for allows which we are bound to obey, but they must be promulgated and known to us before they can bind us in conscience. They must come to us in the form and with the solemni- ties of law, not as the arbitrary will or caprice of a spiritual person. The law defines the rights and powers of my bishop or my pastor, to govern me, and it is only so long as he keeps within the law, and commands me according to, and by virtue of the canons of the church, that I am bound to obey him. I can assure your correspondent that Catholic lay society is not a monastery, and cannot be governed on the monastic principle of obedience. In the religious life, the pos- talent, when admitted to his vows, voluntarily pledges himself to be governed by the will of his superior, for he seeks to obtain the merit of the virtue of obedience itself. But in Catholic lay society we are not except in the case of children and the very weak and ignorant-held to this sort of obedience, which is of counsel, not of law and we have the right to demand and to receive a good and sufficient reason for the order that is given us. Such is the will of the superior, is not a sufficient reason. The reason must be, Such is the law, which the bishop or priest is appointed by the Holy Ghost to administer. We are held to obey not man, but God the law, not the person and hence it is that obedience is not servile nor incompatible with just self-respect and true manly dignity and the government of the church is in accordance with the truest freedom's government of law, therefore a moral government, not a government of mere will of brute force. To forgot this-to regard every spiritual person as the superior of a convent, or to attempt to govern general Catholic society on the monastic principle of obedience, to which those not under vows are not bound would only lead to a practical spiritual despotism, as repugnant to spiritual welfare as to secular freedom. Every Catholic, who deserves the name of one, knows this I am, Sir, yours. &c.;, J. BARTLE Y. Melbourne Hospital, June 20. 