ST. JOHN'S, RICHMOND. The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, hold a confirmation at St John s Church, Richmond, on Sunday, the 10th inst., the festival of the B.V.M. The ceremonies of the day commenced at 11 o'clock, am., by a procession from the school-room, which as it wound its way round the crescent to the church presented a most striking and pleasing appearance. A cross-bearer between two acolytes led the way. Then came the girls to be confirmed, each wearing a tuBtoful wreath over a white veil, and bearing a wax taper in her hand. The boys followed, also bearing wax tapers in their hands, and silk crosses on their breasts. The procession was closed by His Lordship the Bishop who was attended by the pastor of Richmond church, the Rev. J. J. McKernan. On entering the church the children sang a hymn appropriate to the occasion. Father McKernan then proceeded to celebrate the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, at the conclusion of which the Bishop addressed at some * length the candidates about to be presented for confirmation, and earnestly impressed upon them the necessity of complying with the duties their Christian profession entailed upon them, and the great graces that would attend a worthy reception of the sacrament of Confirmation in which by the " laying on of hands they were about to receive the Holy Ghost. The candidates were then severally presented to His Lordship, who, after marking the forehead of each with the christ of salvation," performed the ceremony proscribed to denote that they were ever thence- forth to be true and valiant soldiers of Jesus Christ. The number confirmed was forty-seven, 24 boys and 23 girls. After the administration of the sacrament, His Lordship again addressed those who had been confirmed, and exhorted them to persevere courageously in their holy resolutions. Before he concluded he impressed upon the parents of the children, and the congregation generally, their obligation to strictly fulfil the commandments of God and His Church and especially to keep holy the Sabbath day, by attending Mass and seeing that all under their charge when the same; and by punctually fulfilling their duties as true and sincere Catholics. His Lord ship then took occasion to refer in terms of. congratulation to the Catholic school connected with St. John's Church, and complimented their good pastor on his care and exertions in J»8*"1"»' up so valuable a means of educating the Catholic rising generation of the district as good Catholics -a training they could only get in purely Catholic schools. Advantage was taken of the solemn occasion to admit twenty of the children to their first communion. When the ceremonies at the Church had been concluded, the children were re conducted in procession to the school- room, where they were regaled with a feast, provided for them by their worthy pastor, and prepared under the direction of their teacher, Miss McGowan. The church had been beautifully decorated for the ceremony, and the school room also had been decked in holiday attire. His Lordship expressed himself as very much gratified indeed by the whole proceedings of W df»y,-Comtnunkat ed. 