Cricket Notes ONCK moro,to put in my little word about Intercolonial pre liminaries, in thu hopo that" tho association committee may ' his time no ablo to get together a Koort team for Melbourne ; (tho boJt I fear is quito out of tho question). Tho other week, I mudo a selection of eight, picking most for Holding, with four good bowers; my belief hoing that want of Holding loses most matches thaï aro lost everywhere. I'm fearful, DOW, that some of my chosen ones may iiot bo able to go ; but we must hope for thu best. It. is good to feo that tho aRsooUtiün havo in my hurobb- opinion gono tho light way to work, by picking a g-od thirteen to go into regular practice at onco ; an t now if this practice is properly carried on under a good captain, our men wM not only work up their fielding to its proper fo'/n, but they will also go-, used to their places und to ea-.'h other, and not bec.mo demoralized in thu match, if tho howling getu pasted now and again. This ii tho truu mid correct plan to ei.stiic success ; because, in u mouth from BOW, should thero bu a v.unk point1 in the field, it may and most likely will be w thin ihe power of tho committee, as it is within their province, to m..ki HU alteration, willie there is yot limo for the ntwly found player to got some practice, and havo his good and bad pointe discovcro<l. I think tho preliminary pick of tho committee vory^good, so far us I know tho mon, v.ith U.innurman, Coites, A. Ducker, Faithful, tho three Gregtirys, Hand, Sid. Jones, and Nat. Thompion, ns what I take to bo tho host tun : for I havo seen neither 0. Rollick, Oatley, nor Sheridan piny this season, and Hand I tnko on account of tho general verdict in his favour nud without having myself ocular demonstration, ls is very doubtful, however, whether these ten will bo able to go, and I'm aorry to think that tho most likely to stay away is Faithful, whose bowling we shall ill afford to loso. Somo pooplo Hiiy also that Coates is un unucrtuiu starter, wh'ch will bu a great pity, us I should consider wo wero very strong in bawling with him, Fuithful. Docker, Dave and Wed Giogory, amt lint Thompson ; though as i raid iu my last, if wo ? were (¡tire of tho otlmrB 1 should lilto to seo Nut behind tho wickets. Bannerman is in good butting form this seaäou, so uro tho Gregorys, besides being a:\vays in con dition.. Sid. Jones will bo up tu tho murk ; Coates us a rule puts together n good »eure ; Hand is said to bo a remarkably lino b.it, and so thoro scorns every probability o( our having a good average ti am to hundió tho willow. Tho association aro, cs I am aware, doing everything necessary for getting tho very best ' men to i;o down ; ami if they succeed, I shall certainly expect the laarei to como back with them from Melbourne on their re.urn. I should hnvo lined to soo young fowell with a plnuti iu tho ijruetic* iuuni ; but lw tells me ".bore's no ehuueo of his hoing ablo to go, oven wero ho chosen ; and so it would be useless for him to practice. From this out I will give you week by week an insight into tho practice that is tiono, and how thoy do it, sn that your renders will bo ablo to judge whether thu men give proper attention, and if so, whether the pructico docs them any good. At present 1 have little) to add, not having aa yet suun thc representatives at I work ? but. hv lilia rlnv wnnlr T KIIIIII Viavn hi>p.ii uhnut. HOUND AHM. Nr.w SOUTH VALUS CUICKIÍT ASSOCIATION.-Tho Com inittco ruet on Monday evening at Tattersalls, Mr. J. J. Calvert lu tho chair, to arrange preliminaries for tito inter colonial practice ; and nftor the hon. sec., Mr. W. Clark, had stated that the days of tho match wore fixed for Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday, tho 30th of March and 1st and 2nd of April, a list of candidates for places in tho team was read, l u tito motion of Mr. 15. Do Lissa, it was determined that thirteen players should bc chostujat onco to go into praciicu, from w)iom tho devon should bu finally taken, unless it appeared to the committee that nomo alterations wero after waroa necessary; and tho following wero picked :-C. ßannor mau, J. Coates, A. Docker, M. Faithful, C. Gregory, D. Urcgory, E. Grogory, W. C.' Hand, S. Jones. C. Kellick. J. Oatley, J3. Shorldau, and N. Thompson. Tho only other business was to arrango for practico, which, having been dono, thu meeting closed. Touching tho, Intorco'onial Crickot Match, ' Longstop,' of tho Australasian writes :-Tho mutch committoo will havo no diilieulty in getting a very good team toguthor, but whether lt will bo tho best in the colony I am not so sure. Allen is away up eountrj, and nobody knows what form ho ia in. Wills is nt Geelong. It is said he is tho Wills of old. but wo must provo that in Melbourne bulolo we tako it for granted. Tho weak spot in ouroleven this > ear, if weak spot thore is, will bu tho bowling; and as that is thu moat important department in a match, wo will negin by considering what bowliug wo havo. ¡Sam Cosstick is ns good as ever ho wa«, and if ho gets a blt of a spell shortly, so us not to become stalo, ho will no doubt bu as effectivo as over against tho Sydney batsmen. 'Allon isa bowler that can quickly get into harness ; rt few days' practice will put him to rights, ann I hope that, if wanted, as warned ho will most assuredly bo, ho will como down ami play. Wills wo will tako for granted, and uss nine he will play in tho match. Then I hour Conway lins so fnr'recovoicd* from his accident that ho has boen bowling during tho last week If his knee will stand work he will ba of great service, if ho cm get into his old form, and ho will he frosh again after his long spell. After taking stock of most of tho othor bowlers ho onging to tho various clubs, I have as yet seen nothing that I consiacr quite good enough for an intercolonial match. There ave Darno, Alloo, Curtis, lieid, Mooro, lt. Wunttll, Patterson, liaran, Ahv»an¿er, Muan, Williams, the Jameses. All sorts and sizes and 6tyles iu tho above list aro to ba'found. Dorke's bowling li of that peculiar kind, médium paco with high delivery, i li lt comes vory useful with a good hold to back it up as a chango from such bowltra as Cosstick or Conway. Of itself I hardly think it is good enoudi for an Intercolonial Match \- that is, to start with. Cartis ltoid is a bowler with high dollvery, good paco, and well on the wicket, Wardill is ut times it good Chango with his high bumpy delivery. Of tho rest, I prefer Puttt-räon ; in fact, from what I havo seen, I inn not sure, if I had to diooso from tho iot, that I would not tako Patterson before any of thom, ho bowls so straight. Mooro came with a rush in thu Cup match, btu 1 cannot see vory much in his bowling, though it is left- handed, and lins a little bl eak, A Ileo is by no means a bad bowler ; ho ls also a plucky bat (with practice, and less hanky-panky, ho might becomo a very «oo;t ono), and ls a good field. Horan may bo a bowler in time Alexander his almost the paco of a Follows, but is too random and uncertain. M'Gan, Williams, and t io Jamemos aro not good enough for tho cracks. I have omitted Osborne from the above lot ; business has provontcd him from playing as yo;, 3i> we cannot tell what ho is like. In form ho is equal to most of tho nbovo, putting Darke on ono side as un exceptional bowlor, on» itepoudiug so much on tho held ho is backed up by. Thon supposing Allan could not play, that Conway's knuo glvo« way. and thal Wills U not up to the nntrit, what bowling have wo for tho Intercolonial ..i at eli, to sot bciore tho aydnoy olevon, including tho Gregorys, who aro lo play tho Graces? They aro Hying at high game In Sydney, so wo must look alivo this timo. For if tho throe Gregoryscan pl .y t,,o thruo Grac s at tinglo wicket, 1 should liko to know how many of tho Victorian ?.leven they will be gumo to play, at may bo said, ' Oh, tho G. aces cmnot bowl liku Conway, Coss tick, and Wills,'and very imo it may bo; yet, if they are really rea y to play tho traces, including tho greifest bats man tho ime has ever .^con, ii man whom the Gregorys might go to langland and bowl against for a month, and re tm u to Sydney without havim; gol Iiis wicket, why, then I say tho Gregorys must antldpato giving sumo of our bowlers this year particular fits, or I am much mistakon ; and tho<o are Nat Thompson, Sheridan Hewitt, Faithfull, Bulcher, Coates-so thty won't havo such iv bad team, I'm thinking, to back up tho Gregorys. Wo heard the remark mado : ' Well, auyhow, if our bowling i't ii tiiilo shy tins year, wu aro no worso off than tho Sydncyites. They havo only Nat Thompson, Coates, Faithful, and Dave Gregory, and some of our men will got a hundred ugainst that l t. Our bowling is not very good, excepting Allen and Sam Costtick, and Sidney may get U60 runs against it ; Wrt shall get 300 against their's ; thorn will hoover 10J0 nins seoro.l iu tho match; it will boa bat:>muu's match, an i wo shall win as usual' This is avery s mg.¡ino w.tv of putting tho caso. I fancy, however, that unless Me can m .ko «uro i f Allen, and can get Conway into form, S'dney will havo the pull in the bowling. Cosstick cannot do' everything ; Darl.o, if playod, might not como off. aud excepting llandilold wu have not a ghost of a slow bowler sineu Dan Will; u has Tallou off, and Kolly bowls four hops I am ignoring liallar.it, Bendigo, «nd Sandhurst ; for I know nothing nf the bowling thuro, and 1 think ibo nut'ch committee .i e not much wiser. If thoro is anything very good lt has notyot turned up. AuiEitTrt v N BWTOWN - . The third contest for tito Challongo Cup was initiated on Saturday last., on iho Albert Ground, between tho nbovo clubs, but «wing lo the unpropitious stnto of tho weather, it was ucarty i o'clock bi.foru tho g' ino com menced. As will bo seen hy tho appended scores Tho New town team ftcoretl 91 in their drat innings, of which nu ':bcr S. Jones contributed no lisa tumi fiú runs ; thu next highest scorar being V. Day, run out, who put together 17. Goddard mid Thompson wero the Urse to nppcar nt tho wickuts on behalf of thu Alborls. The former had made a very good staud, and had put together 20 runs when thu stumps woro drawn, turca wickets by that timo having füllen for aû ruus. Tn tho Bowling department the principal features were the bowling of rho brothers Docker, who we?e very effective ; and for tho Nowtowns Fowler did gooit'sorvico, taking two wickets and catching Oliver out from a ball trundled by Jones. The following are the scores : , NEWTOWN C C. First Innings. AV. Fowler, o T. Docrer, b S. Jones, o Thompson, b Th'mpson .. ..8 C. Docker .. ... ¡50 F. M'Kern, c Goddard, b J. Capp, o and b W. Doc AV. Doctor ... .. -I ker ... ... .. 1 W. Web.-ter, b AV. Docker .2 Rmidmoro, run out .. 6 AV. Dunnott, c and b E. ^-pofforth, h A. Dockor 0 Thompson ... ... 3 ÏÎ Furlong, not out ... 3 F. Spofforth, o Goddard, b T. Day, rna out.. .. 17 AV. Docker 04 . ALBERT CC. Goddard, not our. .. .. ..20 Thompson, o S. Jones, b Fowler .. 1 Airey, c M. Spoffortb, b Fowler .. .. 4 Oliver, c Fowl, r, b ». Jones .. ..1 Allan, .not out .. .. .. .. 8 AVidos . ..1 Throe wickets for .. .. .. 35 Tho match will he continued to-day (Saturday), and wo understand tho wiekots .will bo pitched ut a quarter to 2 o'clock. A match was played at Manly on Saturday last, botwoen the Caxton CC. and .M *nly CC, which rf suited in a victory fori tho latter by 22 runs. The batting mid bowling on both sides j were very good, especially of C.Pitt for tho Manly club, whoso bowling was vory effective. Appended aro thejscores : MANIA'. I CAXTON. i. Lloyd, b Swift .. 2 Chapman c Peyton, b C. C. Peyton, lbw b Kelly .. 2 Pitt .. ... (5 A. «mithors, 1 b w b Swift .. 1 Lucas, runout.. .. 9 C. Pitt, c Davis, bM'Govcny 22 M'Goveny, b C. Pitt .. 2 lt. Pitt, b Swift .. 0 Davis, run out .. 0 C. B. Pitt, b Thomson ... 8 Kelly, c C. B. Pitt, b ll. Pitt, b Thomson ... 1 C Pitt .. .. 0 II. smith, b Thomson .. 0 Griffith, c Yeomans, b C. J. Yeomans, not ovit .. 1 Pitt .. ..0 A. Blackmore, bliiloy .. 4 Swift, b C. Pitt .. 0 F. Madoe, run out ... 0 Tooker. 1 b w b Peyton 1 Byes .. ..7 Thomson, c H. Pitt, b Wides .. ..2 O.Pitt .. C O. Loughlan, st C. B. Pitt, b Peyton .. 1 Stafford, not oit .. 0 Byes ... ..2 Wides ... ..1 A match was played on tho St. Leonards' Reserve on Saturday, the 3rd, botwoen tho St. James' CC and the St. Leonards United CC, which resulted! in an easy victory for tho latter by 07 runs and two wickets to spare. Tho scores were us follows :-The St. James' first innings 23, and the United's first inniDgs 120. On Saturday last a match was played between Hie Argylo CC and the Young Albert CO., on Moore Park, which re sulted in an easy victory for tho former in one innings and 18 runs. Tho bowling of [Milford for tho Argyle, and of Cleeland for tho Young Alberts was greatly admired. The wicket-keeping of S King was very good. A match was played on Saturday last on tho Alliance ground, betwenn tho Carlton CC and the Cambridge C C., which resulted in a victory for tho former by 50 runs. Carl ton making 105 and Cambridge 40. Messrs Turner, Hayman, and Smith contributing 19, 17, and 10 respectively to the Carl ton score, and Mr. AVjlkinson ll to the Cambridge, being tho only double figure made hy thom. Dunno v. GOLOONO.-A cricket match was played on Monday last at Dubbo, between two olevens representing the towns, and which resulted in a victory for tho Dubbo team by ono wicket. Tho scores wore-Dubbo, first innings, 72 ; second innings, 03 ; total, 135. Gulgong, first innings, 70 ; socond innings, (¡4 ; total, 134. AwtiON Ci.un v. LII.LYWHITE'S (NEWCASTLE) -A cricket match was played on Saturday Inst, on thu Albion Ground, AVestMaitland, between eleven players of tho Albion Club and eleven of tho I-illywhite Club (Newcastle). Tho result was a victory for tho Albions by 34 rous, tho scores being Albion, first innings, 35 ; second innings, 52 ; total, 87. Lil ly white, first innings, 29 ; second innings, 24 ; total, 53. 