l*j!i Yourself in hi* Place' 1A~ CKiRLES 1JKADK, Ktg CHArrEE SI. — Continued. The clock struck tin? first quarter— dead j silence : the second — the third— d-?ad sil- j ence. But at the fourth, and with the first stroke of midnight, ont burst the fall organ aud fifty voices with the ' Gloria in ercelsis Deo :' au .', as that divine hymn surged on, the lighters ran along the walls and lighted the eighty caudles, aud for the first time, the twelve waxen pillars so that, as the hymn concluded, the room was in a Maze, and it was Christmas Day. , Instantly tin enormous janch-bowl was brought to the host. He put his lips to it and said, ' Friends, neighbours, I wish you all ?a merry Christmas.' Then there was a cheer that made the whole house echo; aud, by this time, the tears were running down Grace Carden's cheeks. She turned aside to hide her pious emotion, and found herself right opposite the picture, with this inscription, large and phiin. in the blaze of light, — ' Gone into Tba.de. If, in the middle of the pious harmony, th. c had stirred her soul some blaring trumpet had playei a polka, iu another key, it could hardly have jarred more upon her devotional frame, than did this earthly line, that glared out between two gigantic Yule candles, just lighted in honour of tfim, whose mother was in trade when he was born. She turned from it with deep repugnance, and seated herself in silence at the table. Very 'early in the supper shejmade an oxcuse, and retired to her room : and, as she went out her last glance was at the mysterious pic ture. She saw it again next morning at breakfast irre; but, it mutt be owned, with different eyes. It was no longer contrasted with a religious ceremony, and with the sentiments of gratitude and humility proper to that j][reat occasion, when we commemorate His birth, whose mother had gone into trade. The world, and society, whose child she was, seemed now to speak with authority from the canvas, and, to warn her how vain and hopelessly were certain regrets, which lay secretly, I might say clandestinely, at her heart. She revered her godfather, and it was no small nor irrelevant discovery to find that he had actually turned a picture in disgrace to the wall, because its owner iiad descended to the level, or probably not quite to the level, of Henry Little. Jael Dence came up from the farm on Christ mas afternoon, and almost the first word Grace spoke was to ask her if she knew whose picture that was in the dining-room. This vague description, was enough for JaeL She said she oould not tell for certain, but she had once heard her father say it was the Sauire'8 own sister ; but, when Bhe had pressed him on the subject, the old man had rebuked her — told her not to meddle too much with other folks' buisness. ' And to be sure, Squire has his own reasons, no doubt,' said Jael, rather drily. ' The reason that is written on the back ?' ' Ay : aud a very poor reason too, to my mind.' ; ' You are not the best judge of that — ex - ! cuse me for saying so. Oh dear, I wish I could see it.' ? 'Don't think of 6uch a thing, Miss. You can't however, for its padlocked down that way you could never loose it without being found out. No longer agone than kst Yule-time 'twas only turned, and not fastened, But they say in the kitchen, that one day last ? month Squire had them all up, and said the picture had been tampered with while he was i at Hillsboro' ; and he scolded, and had it strap ped and padlocked down as 'tis,' The reader can imagine the effect of these fresh revelations. And a lover was at hand, of good birth, good manners, and approved by her godfather. That lover saw her inclining towards him, and omitted nothing to compli ment and please her- To be sure, that was no uphill work, for he loved her better than he had ever loved a woman in his life, which was a good deal to say in liis case. They spent Christmas-day very happily together, Church in the morning; then luncheon ; !then thick boota, a warmer shawl, and a little walk all together ; for Mr. Raby took a middle course ; since no positive en gagement existed, he would not allow his fair guest to go about with Mr. Coventry alone, and so be compromised, even in village eyes ; but, on the other hand, by stopping now and then to give an order, or exchange a word, he gave Coventry many opportunities, and that gentleman availed himself of them with his usual tact. In the evening they eat round the great fire, and Mr. Raby mulled and spiced red wine by a family receipt, in a large silver saucepan ; and they sipped the hot and genevous beverage, and told stories and legends, the custom of the house on Christmas night. Mr. Raby was an lnexnaustiDie repertory of ghost stories and popular legende. But I select one that was told by Mr. Coventry, and told with a certain easy grace that gave it no little interest. Me. Coventry's Tale. ' When I was quite a child, there was a very old woman living in our village, that used to frighten me with her goggle eyes, and mutter ing. She passed for a witch, I think : and -when she died — I was eight years old then ? old people put their heads together, and told strauge stories about her early life. It 6eems .that this Molly Slater was away iu service at LBollington, a village half way between our place and Hillsbof ough, and her fellow servants used to quiz her because she had uo sweetheart. At last, she told them to wait till nert Hills boro' fair, and they should see. And just before the fair, she reminded them of their sneers, and said she should not come home without a sweetheart, though she took the Evil One himself. For all that, she did leave the , fair alone. But, as she trudged home in the dark, a man overtook her, and made ac quaintance witH her. He was a'pleasant fellow, and told 'her his name as William Eastern. Of course she could not see his face very well, but he had a wonderfully g we: t voice. After that night, he used to court her, and sing to her, but always in the dark. He never would face a candle, though he was challenged to ; more than once. One night there was a terrjble t noise heard— it is described as if a number of men were threshing out corn upon the roof— and Molly Slater was found wedged in between the bed and the wall, in a place where there ' was scarcely room to put your hand. Several strong men tried to extricate her by force; but both the bed and the woman's body resisted so strangely that, at last, they thought it best to send for, the parson. He was a great scholar, and himself under some suspicion of knowing more than it would be good for any less pious person to kuow. Well, the paraon came, and look a candle that was burning and held it to the place where' poor Molly was imprisoned, and Jmoanini? and they say he turned pale, and shivered for all his learning. I forgot what he said or did , next ; but hy-and-by there was a colloquy in a whisper between him and some parson unseen and they say they say that this unseen whisper was very sweet, and something like the chords oi ;i harp, only low and articulate. The par son whiMpcrcd, ' God give a sinner time.' The sweet voice answered, ' He can afford to ? he'is the stronger.' _Then the parson adjured the unseen one to wait a year and a day. But he 1 refused, still in the genllest voice. Then the 1 parson said the words : ' By all we love and I ? fear, ky ;ill you fear and hate, I adjure you to J loo si her. or wait till next Cliristmas-eve.' 5 *? I suppose the evil spirit saw some trap in tkat proposal, for he is said to have laughed most musically. He answered. ' By all I fear aud hate, [I'll loose her never; but, but I'll wait for her — till the candle's burnt out ;' and he chuckled most musically again. ' Theu wait till all eternity,' the parson roared ; and blew the candlejout directly, and held it, with his hands crossed over it,' Grace Carden's eyes sparkled in the fire light. ' Go ou,' she cried, excitedly. ' The girl was loosed easily enough after that; but she was found to be in a swoon; and not the least bruised, though ten villagers had boen pulling at her one after another. ' Aud what became other afterwards?' ' She lived to ninety-six, and died in my time. I think she had money left her. But she never married ; and, when she was old, she wandered about the lanes, muttering, and frightening little boys, myself among the number, But now my little story follows another actor of the t.-CV* ?Oh, I'm so glad it is not over.' 'No. The parson took the candle away, and it was never seen again. But. somehow, it got wind that he had built it into the wall of the church ; perhaps he didn't say so, but was only understood to say so. However, people used to look round the church for the place. And now comes the most remarkable thing of all ; three yeare ago the present rector repaired the floor of the chancel; intending to put down encaustic tiles. Much to his surprise, the workmen found plenty of old encaustic tiles : they had been interred as rubbish at some period, when antiquity and beauty were less respected than they are now I suppose.' Mr. Raby broke in, ' The Puritans. Barbarians ! beasts ! It was just like them. Well sir ? F' ' When the rector found that, he excavated more than was absolutely necessary for his purpose, and the deeper he went, the more encaustic tiles. In one place they got down to the foundation, and they found an oak chest fast in the rock, — a sort of channel had been cut in the rock for this chest, or rather box (for it was only about eighteen inches long), to lie in. The master mason was there luckily, and would not move it till the rector liad Eeen it. He was sent for, but half the parish was there before him : and he tells me there were three theories firmly established, and proved, before he could finish his breakfest and get to the spot. Theory of Wilder the village grocer : ' It is treasure hidden by them there sly old monks.' Mr. Wilder is a miser, and is known to lay up money. He is, I believe, the only man left in the North country who can show you a hundred spade guineas.' Mr. Raby replied, energetically. I respect him. Wilder for ever, What was the next theory V ' The skeleton of a child. I forgot who pro pounded this ; but I believe it carried the ma jority. But the old sexton gave it a blow. Nay, nay,' said he; them's the notions of strangers, I was born here, and my father afore me. It will be Molly Slater's candle, and nought else. Then poor Molly's whole 6tory came up again over the suspected box. But I am very tedious.' [TO BE CONTINUBD.l 