WHO CAUSED THE RUSH,, (From tho Courw?'.) i The editor of tho ( Cleveland Bay Express' is evidently a cool-'ciiutomor. In a coupl© 6f load ing articles ill his issuo of September 28, ho takes credit to himself for tho warninga that tho Tr-Z.... 7-T. .' .. ? i * i i- ' ' ' '.'- - - .'77' i I TJTrt^Ttr^i * ,*Tf f * *^* '**? '??', Express.' has constantly given agailia't ly ni«h t\\- ;? .'' Charters Tdwors', 'and laying the cliief 'bbi'mo :''or ,;:v the rush upon tho' niotropolitahprosB^.if Ujo colony. ',VVo certainly /cannot look, iijjo n th .j public telegrama,, which haVo appoarediti H..4 motropolitan.journals, convoying fasciriating ,'i'j-r*'-' . fluonceB and hopeful 'expectations, - with uiVv reproaching faith (says'onr ooil'tomporarr) ; 'buV:, it-cannot bo doniod that thore is as mucn/pl&itiA;,' to be attached to tho oVer-estimation of their,' valuo ;as there :iB to tho indiscretion which 'dic- tated the exodus from other for these goldfiolds. . Miners should take all heed, and sKou'ld know ? that all is. not gold tiiat, glitters'^ Wo regret thaf.^ our papers could not arrive in town to'dolay, ii', not stop, the exodviB from the South, and wo f.eel;' grieved that news 'of, such large Arrivals should'' come upon ub bo suddenly as to take us by Bur-' . ? prise. The fact/js .there was.' .-nioi'o news about Charters Towbrs' in Brisbano and Sydney, than we- had:oognisimcoof horo.' . And again, 'when, wo first saw ;tlto largo crowds arriving hero we '?' Httturttlly fplt'sonie interest in 'the ftiattor, and.. sought thoroupon for;;tho. cause. 'Tlfere waa',, not much difliculty :in discovoring tha't, as it was ' fully explained in, a -telegram to the Soutliern. papers which exhausted the wires spreading the , report that a now Bpndigo had boen discoyered. ' ' Now it so\ happens that the only tolegrdtns re;, specting the discovery of alluvial deposits 'o£ gold at Chartors' Towers, which 'appeared in tho '. lnotropolitoii press ajipoaredin tlie Courier:, and U ovoryono of tlieso telegrams 'were sent to us from tho oflico of the ''Cleveland Bay Express*, and bore the signature of tho editor and proprio tor. of that' paper. 'We hud doubts, ai to the porf oct . aceuraoy ;of the telegrams at tlip . tinio, but had np_ means of .testing 'thorn, -'iy'-, independent testimony, besides which wo. woro ? loath to believe that a rospectabe ..journalist, s6 near to tho scene of the new discovery, would misload us by false or oXaggpi'ated reports when ? - ho must have known how mischievous ilio coil1 sequences would be. Nevertholess, wo Stated! in a paragraph in the same issue in 'which the first news of the discovery appdiired that it was ? exceedingly unlikely that any ' 'vsocond Be'ndigo'' , had boon discovered, because, although Austra^ - lian geologists and mineralogists ,hadl Ween mis taken on, many ''.points [ respecting Vpur gold , deposits, they had hitherto been found to ' be wonderfully correct in asserting that no dpop ! and .extensive deposits of alluvial gold could bo 1 anticipated in this colony, and we added that -. in all .probability the rich pateh ? which niight have been found Would be worked out in a fow, dayB or woeks by the inon then on tho 'ground. Wo ropeate.d ? this warning each, time we , re- , cievod one of those glowing 'telograriis, 'and at length our warnings proved1 to bo well founded ; the now ground, was worked put. bp'foro tho 'first batch of now comers roached Townsville, and ? :-nr contemporary was uttorly at a loss to know ivhat could have induced them to comp. : Tjih .Peoddotion of Golt-. — Mr. Thomas Hankoy, writing in tho ' Economist,' oxpressos ? his opinion that the time has arrived for taking stock of the largely increased production 'of gold in tho world. I believe (he says) that during tho'kst ten years tho export of gold (exclusive of gold coin) from tho Australian colonies' has not been loss than about 17,000,000 oz., or equal to £08,000,000, and gold coin exported from the same colonies would add about £20,000,000, making a total of not far shott of £90,000,000. . Nor do I believe it would be disputed that the : export from tho Australian], colonies during tho ' previous ton yearR— say from . 1853 to 1802— . was at least equal to that during tho past ton years onding tho 31st December last ?; if so tho total export of gold from the Australian colonies si nee tho first dipo veries of gold cannot have been ; much less than £170,000,000 to £l'80,00O,000) and if tho export froiri California ?during the ? like period has boen only £120,000,000, we have a gross total-^of not less* than £300,000,000. of gold addod to the stock of gold in the world sinco 1852-53. I have only reckoned the gold .produced in Australia and California') the pro iiiiui.it/ji ui,£^ifiii in Kuut.1. jitu to ,vi liiiu n uuu piu VioUS to 3852 was 'considered, I believe, to be oqiml to from £3,000,000 to £5,000,000. value annually ; if wo only reckon it at; three millions-, thero will have been a further addition of £(50,000,000, so as'' to make a ;grand total of at least £300,000)000, and. possibly considerably1 more, to tho gold already in tho world before the discoveries of gold .in California and Austra lia. Now what ciin 'liaVO 'becio'me 'of all .this gold ? Tho use of gold coin in England has considerably incrcase'd-, but I doubt much , whether tho gold coin in 'Circulation elsewhere'' than in Groat Britain 'or the British colonies and dependencies, was materially lai'gpr at the begim niiig of this year than it 'was in 1853. I havo » very littlo doubt but that you have the Tnato riala fot ascertaining how mucli gold has boon coined at tho principal mints of the 'world dur ing the last twenty years, and if you would give us this information wo might bo the better able to judge whether it is possible that such a large addition can haVo bcofi mado to tho 'stock of gold in tho world during twenty years without' having materially loworod its value, or, in other words, augmontod the price of Ml articles Which have usually been valued 'on a gold basis. I .bolieve I am correct in saying that Mr, De Huuiboldt considered tho quantity of gold which was poured into tho European hiarlnots in 318 years; from the discovery of Hispaniola to the revolution iii Mexico, (it somewhat undef £300,000,000. Is it possible, romemboring the 6ffbet produced on prices by this enormous ih croaso in tlio production, of gold during those 300 years, 'that a groat effect must not now bo' oxporionco'd by tlio additional production of an equally large amount during so comparatively a shorttimo as twontyyearB ]' A. Haunted House at the Thames, New ZKALAND.^-Forsome daj's past (says the Thames 'Evoning Star') rumours have reached us that certain vory strange occun-enccs, or manifes tations (as tho Spiritists call thorn), have been going on during woeks- and ovon months past, in a house on the Hapo Creok. Of course we havo ' a certain delicacy about mentioning the exact situation of tho house in questionj but a3 it is probablo that tho whole all'air will become a matter of public talk-iind comment in a short space of time -nowj dolay in actual names and particulars cannot mako mucli difibrence-. This much wo may say, however — that any one visit ing Grcenaway^s battery' will not bp'.maiiy minutes walk from this exact spot which the ghost delight to honour. The manner in which tho ghosts, or spirits, or media, or whatever 'they riiiiv lio. make thoir nresonco known is di the most approved modern typo. At tho niost unscasonablo hoiu's, particularly at niglit, they *; indulgo in rappings of the loudest and most varied character. Cups and saucors are dislodgod from tho shelf and flnngviolontly about and across tho room.; tho furnituro— chairs aiid 'tables abovo all — commit antics, and indi'ilgo in Vagaries, threatening jto dislocate their evory .-joint. ? And ovon'' bods, in which pooplo haro boon slooping, or ondeavouring to sloep, aro hauled about without any apparent oflbr't^ on tho part of tha hauler. Efforts havo not boon want ing to 'discover tho meaning of . all this. Men have sat up at niglit with loaded pistols, but without attaining any definite or satisfactory results, tlvough the knockings have been plainly heard by thorn on ovory side-, aiid oven in the ?short space which intervened been the places thev Were sittinir iii. — Tom (Jmeeting Bob at ton o'clock in tne nlorrt ing) : '' I say, Bob, is it too eni'ly for a drink 1' Bob ?: *' Yob, my boy, far too early ; besides^ I have just had a drink-.' STtiANOE But Tnun. — When agodd.nhot firea &l; a let of partridges ho hiokej thorn all quaiK 