MIL A KG. May 31. Thinking you might be short of news, I have been trying lo ihiuk of sonelhing to tell you, true or not; but as I have not a very fertile imagination, it is rather hard work, especially as there are no ghost stories, not even a fight to chronicle. It seemed hardly worth while to write to tell you there was nothing new asiir this ?week ; but my dear old grandmother came to my assistance, and putting on her 'specs' to make fure the words are spelt right, she says, ' Mr. ? , just you tell the editor what kind of weather we have in Milang, and how we are getting on, for I am sure he must wantgto know,' Well we have very seasonable weather, only I heard a farmer the other day say he would like a little moie of the aqueous fluid. Thinking he wanted manure, or something of that description to make the crops grow, 1 ventured to recommend bone dust. He did not look pleased at the idea ; but after telliujr him that was what granny used to make her cabbages grow-, he said thera was something in it, and it certainly was worth a trial. Now, really it is hard work to write to a news paper when there is nothing worth, writing about ; but soon there will be plenty of news, for as soon as there is a rise in the Darling we will have a whole fleet of steamers down with ore from the celebrated Cobar copper mines. The wool season will also soon be on, and of course wool will be sent via Milang, being the cheapest as well as the quickest way of get1 ing it to market. - As the steamers will be fully em ployed, it will also give employment to a good many hands, in the way of carting, &c.; I heard the other day that a truck load of passengers, truck and all, had been lost in the scrub between Strathalbyn and Go ?lwa, on their way home irom the cricket match, .Black v. White. I am sorry to say there is a deal of sickness in the neighbourhood at present. A Young Mens1 Improvement Society lias been started some time now, and I have been expect ing to see some notice taken of it by some of your own correspondents. I am not posted up in the matter, so I cannot tell who are the officers, or, indeed, anything at all about it, exceptt hat there is such a thing, and that we are likely to have entertainments, concerts, &c;, ad libitum. Several improvements are also going on, in the way of building, &c;, Mr. Pavey having converted the ruins of his mill, which was burnt some two years ago, into very neat cottages, also a portion is to be a butcher's shop. Horses are much wanted here. It would be a great convenience too if we could have a medical man resident among us, as we have none nearer than Strathalbyn. June 5. Milang used to be considered the most healthy township in the South, but that was in bygone days, for now there is scarcely a family iu the township that can say with truth — *?' We are all quite well, thank you.' One poor widow has no less than four out of her family of sis ill — some of them dangerously so — with fever. It is a great pity we have to seud so far when medical advice is required. There is no doctor nearer than Strathalbyn, and we are never sure of find ing them at home when we do send. Surely a doctor couli make a very good living out of the sick and afflictei in Milang. The weather is almost more than can be desired by the most fastidious. There is not the shadow of an excuse for the farmers to grumble in respect to the weather this year. Most ot the seed is in the ground now — how it will prosper remains to be seen. We must hope for an abundant harvest which will put us all right again. 