NEWS FROM FRANCE. [By our Paris Correspondent.! Paris, June 15. The Military Service Bill may now be considered the law of the land, and so every'-flt citizen is - obliged to become a soldier at 20, remain -on activeydutv for five years according to ■' special circum stances,-then tojoindhe reserve untilAO years - of age.: : :Men intended for the Church, for the, office of schoolmaster^ are, like .College professors, exempted from going'under fire, except as ambu lancier3. Gambetta opposed all exemp tions as a privilege and leading to abuses, and as .it is necessary that a_ door should be either closed or open—the concession in favor, of candidates for the Church ; or the profession, of schoolmaster, "opens a door very wide for- evasions of the law. The real fight Was over the article fixing the .period of service for active duty. Therewere high authorities in favor ot three, four, and five.years.' .The shorter period is the Prussian plan, . makes excellent soldiers, and: allows them to return earUer Jo'civil duties'. ItJ^was illustrious General. Thiers who carried, or "rather forced, the Assembly to adopt the term of fiyei years. Prince Frederick .Charles/ the highest of authorities on modern war, observes,' relative! to -.the three years' service—:Some men with thick,skulls must be kept1 longer than others to be made a soldier, .but it is an error to think th e longer a man is kept the better soldier he .becomes.. The first year thereof uit passes his time crying in the hospital, thinking of his gretchen, and dreaming of his'Home! The second yekr he is a: gobd' pupil,, knows his, drill, exer cises, with taste." - TfieVthhd year he'com mences Jo be a drunkard, thinks he knows enough of his profession; chaffs the young recruits; 'this is the moment to send him home, save to recall him when wanted. ' / The French say that if they had not-a Government they would have nothing to laugh at.- M., Thiers, in again menacing to resign, if the Assembly did not accept his.doxy of five years' service for recruits, assumed a' position painfully ridiculous. There was no justification for Jove.tube angry; the majority was with him—a fact which he well-knew. But he desired to break: his butterfly on. the • wheel. Every journal in: France condemns him ; the Assembly,will, tolerate him/till the Prussian loan be" raised, for it does not . intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and .has had enough of . autocrats. Be sides, M.Thiers promised to remain Chief of. the State, and not degenerate into a mere Cabinet Minister. He has proved to be the most ''absolute of masters, op posed,, as he liasever been, to every national -reform,-, .from cheap postage and railways up "to non-inter mention and free trade.- ' •" : -• As M; Thief3 :pale3,'-Gambetta rises; because the latter is the only candidate who,has a fixed end and a-vigorous pro gramme—Napoleon excepted ; but Sedan is as-deeply down -among- the dead ;men as: Henry V. and Louis-Phillippe II. The return-to-power of Gambetta Would ;be: ad unfortunate asT the restora tion of ahy of Jhe three pretenders ; yet he might :b'e .the least' of the. evils. Ho leads' ah active, disciplined party, as united in the Assembly a3 inthe country. M. Thiers is killing the "moderate" re public, whose .advent and success conld regenerate France without-compellmgher to..pass .,once;<mpre. through a fiery fur nace. But M. Thiers has no fixed policy; ho aim beyond ah obstinate determina tion to carry-but'his personal views/play ing with and. using all parties in turn— running with the hare, and holding with the hounds. It is'to castigate such a dissolving mode of government that three of the'richesi and most conservative elec ! toral districts of France have, just chosen, ! by, monster majorities,; three ^vowed disciples of Gambetta. -.;01d.age jcannot govern France, nor a feeble policy brace her -up. As -M. Thiers -becomes more tyrannical, and- narrpwrminded; Gambetta becornes more violent,and Judical.-' Iago was nothing, if not critical"; >Gambetfo is :nothing, if not volcanic. . :•••" .t-.-i r- The " Women's Bights", question:has once more come,.'forward. The' Society for Jlie civil emancipation of woman has fits ^journal, and' recently. opened prpceed ;ipgs with a banquet, Victor Hhgo sending " health, and apostolic benediction" to the movement.' France is" about -the last place in -the world Jo discuss the woman .question ; first, because. wpmeti-arb the men in-this countryj and-, - sebondly, .the petrpZetjs&s.haye; rather prejudiced the ac cording, of unlimited liberty to. the;,fair gex.'/"..Loujs;\Blanc -protests, against/the law which compels the wife to. follow Jhe husband, as barbarous. Of two: things, ohe-4-eit'her the wife must obey the-hus band, /or. .the . husband the 'wife. -The scaffoldipg of ages-i3;not likely fo be over thrown, even in France, where iconoclasm is so, general, ivhiclv protects tbe -family •from disorganization. It is. moral, not legal force the;wife ought to wield ; it is the head, and not the heart that; the Legi.sla^ure';consult's. The child clings to the mother without ever demanding is she slave or citizeness, and that maternal fpower;-is gre.ater,:asit restsupon.no law, as it springs from the heart and goes right to the soul. Aisociety to induce husbands to fulfiltheir* obligations towards their wives "might dor more good than an association; to endow wives with votes. Where hus band,and: wife understand each other, thet woman quesiSoh is ever shown5 the door. :1 After7.the. ";discus3ion on thA Army Bill is ended, the financial state of the country .will be" debated. • 1 The. freetraders are; determined-iiot-to allow -'-Ms- Thiers to have his rray iri favor of protection. The additional revenue required is' to be raised by an income: tax—r-very slight ^ the object is to get inth£i41pniend of the4 wedge. . Some of the new sources of tax ation are proving: productive, ••but much economy is required in. their, mode of collection. - There-are too many civil servants—more -than ever existed under the ex-Fnipire, when favoritism and ex travagance were so rampant. The Due de Cjxoiseul was" Minister of' Finance under Louis XV.; on one occasion he informed that monarch in con-' fidence* that he had saved five millions in one month in the national expenses, and desired to know what he was ;to do with it. " Give me three millionsand keep two yo.urself," was the reply of Louis the Well-beloved. The "Republic has changed. alTthis kind of book-keeping, which has been peculiar to all dynasties in France. The convict ships have at last set sail! for New Caledonia with the tritons and the minnows of the Commune. Rochefort "Will likely remain a prisoner in France.' .It .is only a voyage for' .the condemned—! nothing more—as a general amnesty i$ certain to -be proclaimed by whateveij patty succeeds M. Thiers. Two or three years , at most, and the'. over-ardent patriots will -be brought back, and perhaps the agents who conduct .them now to the Pacific Ocean will themselves be sentenced to take their place.; The possibility of such an event may explain why the authorities bestow great kindness on the transported—making friends of the mammon of unrighteousness.™ ..The lady members of the Commune—some SjOpefro leuses—mistresses or soiled dovesby pror fession—are, by a curious coincidence, to sail for New Caledonia in the Virginia.!' T i v th er, a showman announces that in a few weeks he will have six of the natives rlmt penal settlement for exhibition, m-.-ranteed feathers and war paint. *%Jsi.uis will he anxious to make tnp acq uaintance of their relatives'new neigh bors : but decency forbids cannibalism, j The statistics of Paris, so far as the vesults of the census are known, eonhrm ' the opinion that thepopulation has .not diminished, hut Is abontthesameasit .was' six years ago—nearly two millions. A marked social change has taken place., the wealthy portions of the city kavebeen . deserted for quarters wherehouse-renfeis moderate; consequently there are^im " mense palaces tmd blocks oh splendid : dwellings tenahtless. . The French; in. '"Hife reject; display one oh the most sensible phases of their character—a con ■ tempt for keeping up appearances. " " the purse is: consumptive. 'Living is most expensive in Paris. ; - the local. taxes_ are r .'crashing ; the empire bequeathed^ fright ful debt to Paris, which the siege and the Commune increased." _ By economy, loans, and fresh taxes, the Municipal Council is . bringing matters into order, at, tne ' central market where the imP?sts levied on the food supplies, the • dpty being ad valorem, and at present dopblrn ' One hundred weight oi butter will have ' - io pay, on an average, 9 francs in .taxa 1 tton, game 20, barn-door fowl 9, and eggs 2 francs. The price of each com modity increases like a snowball, in pro-, portion to the number, of hands it passes J -through, which may account for • -suicides of purchasers, or sudden deaths produced by shocks. Fish is divided into \- -three classes—salmon and turbot, &<?., " eav 8 to 10; soles, eels, &c.;, 5; and. herrings, sardines, &c.;, 3 per cent. Then the cook levies her _ market penny. .. so outrageously that the .Russian Ambassador indicted his_ fcaia " mander for robbery; one item m the accounts was 25 sous for a bundle of raSishes, which can be bought anywhere : for three ! Business is not very strong,^ - ;-as the phrase is; Paris does_ a. fair. export trade, but local transactions are ; next to dead, bo the small traders are \- rapidly suspending cash paymmts, with no prospect of aresumption. Even- the • qamins that at this season shook the heavy 1\. May-flies from the trees in the Ghamps; ..Elysdes, sticking a pin in their", backgr.. " : And so attaching them to^a. string,-; setting' fy ■ the finished article for- one sous .each .to \- infant entomologists, have ;got no ipore T work to do—the cold wet wsatkernaving 1 destroyed the insects, and; with: them a • J: petit commerce. The newspaper-trade = is 1 most., prosperous., Paris has .now- bo ' daily journals, and the- cry .is ^still they come. The tendency is to bring . : out morning, rather thah evening, \- editions. : The proprietors have . no V great. anxiety to provide early mews. ' The "latest intelligence" is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon: The Latins, here thv-find that'" treatises on abstract politics. ^ and snch fustian, pays, because Franco giill believes she writesnob f or* French . men, but for mankind. ; -The-defeat -of-the -" favorite - at. pur :; Derby last Sunday has not cast a gloom over the capital ; ■ one sporting jpurnal • ■ proves that the French, racing studs are. only English ones in disguise, and hencey Cremorne has only beaten a companion from his own stable. On the evening of the race,, quite an international fight, took place' in. the Mobille gardens, be tween the horsey interests of France and England, The police jcarried off the. belligerents before the Waterloo struggle was fought. ; The; number of persons at the Derby in the Bois de Boulonge, the display of wealth and luxury made one forget the second Empire. _ "• Accompanied with -a friend and two hired detectives, I visited a few nights ago the rue Haxo, where 50 hostages priests, soldiere,. journalists, and police. men—-were barbaroiisly shot by the Comr \- " mune during the "last days of its Reign of Terror. The bodies were thrown | into a common cellar close by. It was,| said the ghosts of the victims appeared ... every night as phosphorescent .figures. "We took up position before midnight, and remained till: 2 in the morning, when churchyards are supposed to cease to , .vawn. WP saw nothing but sentinel, and heard only the falling rain. The police who were on the loolc-out for the : persons who "do "the spirits," were also disappointed, although at" one time they believed "they were on the eve of .success.. " V on seeing us arrive. It is lilcely the stories of' figures on the houses and window^ panes of Alsace are on ;a par'with; the Haxo ghosts. , Marshal Bazaine's trial it is now said will commence oh the 1st July, as the plans of the battle-fields will then be ready for the Court. There: are 30 persons em ployed preparing and arranging the neces sary documents, and the expenses of the 'trial are expected ■ to amount to 200,000 francs—a payment which, the . rich pri soner must make if convicted!-. But in this matter the " people will have no "ifs they are glad to hear the Marshal enjoys good health, and hope nothing will, alter it till the moment arrives when lie shall have no more interest in its preser vation. The press is unanimous in claiming a fair trial, and abstain, from' prejudging "the greatest traitor of modern times." Strange neutrality ! 