ExtbaobdinabT Sdictde — An extraordinary reason for committing suicide was assigned by a young niau who drowned himself to the liver Kdes, at Carlisle, on Hovember Ut Previous to jumping into the river he nve 5s to an old man to pay him for taking a parcel to the chief constable ; and when the paroel was opened it ma found to contain a written statement to the effect that Mr. Darwin having proved men to be descended from monkeys, the writer did not desire to live any longer. Me. ahd Mbb. Gill at the School of Abts — Night after night Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Gill produce neir and amusing outbursts of their 'nights of fancy.' L?aL evening, after the appearance of a ghost and other iccnei, including a Dutch dance, Mrs. Gill delivered, with great spirit, a speech on 'Woman's Eights,' fol byssoDS, 'Bother them en;' and having personated to tbe life a maiden lady . of stitme-miud and rather advanced years, next appeared as a laughing school girL Mr. GUI'* ' Oald Irish Gentleman' was performed with admirable art and humour; and h» 'Gilei Ixir Hn»,' in courtship, was even more laughable. It will be «een that for this evening fresh novelties are forth epming. ? MARAVHiLA. OOOOA.-No beakfast table is complete without this delicious beverage. — The Olabt says, ' Various importers and manufacturers have attempted to attain a reputation (or their prepared Cocoas, bot we doubt whether any ifaorongh success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor, Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of 'Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species f the Theo broma, they ha™ produced an article which super sedes every other Ooeaa in the market. Entire solu bility, a delicate aroma, and a rare oonoentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For bomoepaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage.' Sold in packets only by all Grocers, of whom also ma; ba had Taylor. Brothers1 Original Homoeopathic Cocoa and RolnWo Chocolate, Steam Uflls Brick Lane, London. Ejiport Chicory Mills, B i?**, Belgium.— Advt. 