BURIED ALIVE. Yes, 1 am buried alive—buried alive. Fearful thought! bad enough in imagination, but how awful in reality! Fortunately, however, I am not buried in a coffin, for on waking up I find I can move my body and limbs about. It must be some horrible vault they have laid me in. Perhaps been put in here to torture me. A hundred suggestions rush into my brain at once. In trying to think I find 1 cannot. I can remember nothing. 1 don't know who I am, or what I am. Perhaps I am the walls of the vault trying to think. As soon as this thought occurs to me I immediately begin building the vault. Now they are building me higher, higher, higher. I suddenly begin to grow giddy with the height, winch is too much for my nerves, and I fall—a crash, and I am nothing, as before. 1 find myself again awake, and trying to think. I am now sufficiently recovered from my nothingness to know for certain I am buried alive. The smell, such a fearful death-smell—a tomb-smell. I can compare it to nothing save the stench (in a condensed form) that exists in galleries in cro*vded buildings at night—a mixture of stale breath and burnt gas. A singular feature in this smell is that I can taste it rather than smell it. As my senses seem returning, the silence and dense blackness become oppressive and unbearable; I am therefore induced to move myself. Being so faint I can scarcely succeed in lifting my head even a little, when I stun myself by striking it against some hard substance. I now feel as small as a pea, and as if I were attached by a thread to some spot in the heavens, and dangling and swimming about in space. I gradually swell, and now feel as big as an elephant. Waving to and fro between these two extremes, I by degrees become clearer as to my torturing doom. I can now detect the squeaking of rats. They are upon me. Six, twelve, hundreds seem crawling over me, and squeaking away as if consulting among themselves whether they shall begin their meal by sucking out my eyes, or by jumping down my throat and commencing a repast on my still warm vitals. I have just strength enough to temporarily frighten them off. And now I can hear the death-watch tick, ticking away; but how different from what they used to call the death-watch when 1 was among my friends. This was the real death-watch. Instead of a rapid fidgetty tick, tick, tick, tick, it is a slow and solemn tick—tick—tick, which echoes among the tombs in a ghastly manner. I feel so far recovered as to venture moving again. I at length succeed in extricating myself from a complication of woodwork of some kind. Though I am on my legs I can scarcely tell who 1 am. I begin to fancy I am the death-watch. I try to leave off ticking, but can't. No sooner on my feet than I find I can see; and oh! horror of horrors! What! A row of corpses before me, all in the act of supplication with their uplifted folded hands, as if they, like myself, implored some one to take them from this living tomb. I try to speak to them, but the horrible death-taste paralyses my tongue. They begin grinning at me in a fiendish style, which so terrifies me as to quite drive away the little pewer of thinking which I was regaining. 1 am induced to rush past them when my strength fails me, and I fall against a door, which opens into a room filled with a ghastly greenish glare, and here I behold three wretched ghosts hanging. The conclusion I am able to make, namely, that they have been hung alive, makes me sicken, and I swoon again into nonentity. The next time I begin to recover I am again in the blackest darkness; but a ray of delicious hope starts within me as I hear— dong—dong^dong, goes the passing belL Another poor mortal to be placed here. They will then open the doors, and I shall be liberated after all. I wait in patience for the next three bells, when to my intense perplexity they strike twelve times. What can it mean? 1 am more perplexed than ever, and, the death-taste getting stronger than before, I give myself up in despair to decay, rats, worms, and "Halloa there! We have caught the thief now. Bring in a policeman. Ah! so you are the old rascal that stole the hymnbooks and cushions, are you? You won't steal anymore just yet, I'll warrant." I am still speechless, and know not where I am. A ferocious policeman seizes me by the collar, and drags me out into the streets. " Come along, you scoundrel. Why don't you speak?" I try to, but cannot. I am now hissed, hooted, and pelted along the street in a manner which is fast restoring consciousness. We pass a lovely-looking girl with deliriously bewitching eyes, and a mass of golden hair blowing playfully about her shoulders. In an instant I recognise mv beloved Maria Angelica, and oh! horrible"! she recognises me. She is tripping gaily along, with her prayer- book in her hand, evidently going to morning-service. " Now, then; you are surely not going to insult that lady. Two months ought to satisfy you -without making it transportation," says the policeman. I am locked up, half starved, tried—condemned. Half starved another week, tried again, and acquitted. And now to finish my painful story. Maria Angelica had for many months been my adored sweetheart (I don't say I was hers). She was, however, so pert and coquettish as to prevent my gaining sufficient courage to make a declaration for fear of a downright refusal. However, one Sunday night 1 determined to settle matters, and so followed her to church, and by dint of giving the pew- opener a new shilling, obtained a seat in her pew, determining to propose the fatal question during prayer time. Fearing, lest at the last my courage should fail me, I had provided myself with a small vial of brandy, and a straw, through which I meant to take a little courage just before the crisis. To avoid its exciting me too much, I dissolved a little opium in the spirit. Having during prayer indulged rather freely in my proposing mixture, I had fallen fast asleep (doubtless also induced by the moaning of a very dull sermon, of which, to the present day, I firmly believe the text was, "My dear friends, nothing like brandy and opium"). Maria Angelica had not noticed my absence. I had fallen noiselessly and unobserved under the pew at the close of the service, she being engaged in exchanging nods with various (detestably handsome, of course) gentlemen. And now, in conclusion, let me entreat my dear young fair friends not to be too severe on their admirers, lest, as in my unfortunate case, you drive them to having resort to brandy and opium; and, young men, whatever courage you require, try and get on without this compound, lest (in an opium slumber) you get locked up all night in a church, and have yeur hair turned white with fright, as the parson's surplices hanging up in the vestry and the effigies of the sacred dead did mine. H. R. C. A ] money-lender serves you in the present tenee, he lends you in the conditional mood, keeps you in the subjective, and ruins you in tbe future. 