STon- THOUGITHO ON POITICrte INTEGORTY ADtt RIDncLs.--It is a bad symptom of the times when personal motives for public conduct are judged of in a tolerant manner-when it is taken almost as a mat ter of coarse that public men should in certain cir cumstances act corruptly. We may sometimes hear such motives calmly or joncularly spoken of as if they reflected little or no discredit on those who are actu ated by them. Of this fashionable kind of candour it was wittily said that "if the Ervil One were to come amongst us in human shape, we should clap him on the back, and say, poor misguided angel." We may hear it calmly said that, bemuse salary is an object to such a man, he msst aim at office, or retain it at what ever cost of consistency, self-respect, and reputation ; or, that asuch an one is obiged to act in snoh and such a manner, because he is the follower of each a man, or belongs to suchnob a party; or, that such a measure most have been brought forward because the interests of the party, not of the country, required it; or, that such a measure, however desirable, eannotbe brought forward, as it weaould damage the interests of the party; or no wonder that So-and-So, being piqued at esslasion from office, opposes those by whom he has been passed over. That public men are actuated by such motives is, no doubt, but too true; but why should this conduct be glossed over as natural and pardonable, and spoken of as a matter of necessity, which could not be "helped ?" Such comments on corrupt conduct surely encourage it; and, as men are very much influenced by the praise or blame attached to their doings, can only tend to the deterioration of public action. When personal motives in public conduct become the rule rather then the exception, as we have lately seen to be the ease in France and Spain, then woo to the public interests, to the security, peace, and social welfare of the nation ! All the interests of a nation depend on the integrity of its leading men. Their lofty virtues are the public safeguard. Like Chsar's wife, they must not only be pure but above suspicion. A nation has a rightto the best qualities of its chief men. Hence these men should be judged of by the true standard of integrity, and their comings short of it either passed over in silence, or, if mentioned, mentioned with disapprobation. People who deal in ridicule will sometimes be as tonished at its exacerbating effects. Often it is not so much the merit of the jest which hurts as the animus which prompted it. The jest itself may be pointless, but it wounds as it is the expression of dis like or contempt. Hence many a man has sacrificed a valuable friend to a pointless jest. More friend shlips hIave been broken by petulant ridicule than per haps by any other cause. A man is more likely to par don another who has over-reached him thlan one who has laughed at him, for ridicule injures self- esteam, which is a more tender feeling than that of self interest; and the man who has once been ridiculed by another will always distrust him, because he can at any time repeat the offence, whereas he may not have another opportunity of over-reaching conduct. No material services rendered can compensate for wanton ridicule. Thoughyou may obtain for a man a'coveted place, or sare lois life, yet, if you laugh at him, you will not make him your friend. No personal faculty makes a man so much fcared as that of ridicule. Great is its power in debate. Even Pitt learnt to fear the ridicule of Sheridan. Caneing's ridicule was a more powerful weapon in debate than Biroogham's invective. The man who possesses the power of making other men ridiculous, is under a great responsibility to employ his power only to expose folly, or refute sophistry, to abash impudence, and to humble insolence, arrogant pretension, and self-conceit. Some of thebo most eood-natured men are prone to the wanton use of ridicule, as one of our poets was called a "good untured man with the worst-natured muse." Of one of the best-natured moen of my acquaintance, whoI wasa indiserineinate in his ridicule, it was said, iu days before duelllng was extinuct, tlhat "iL was a wonder that hle hIad noet been lshot."-Colturn'o Peer .Monlhly Malage ier. Too Tu.--lThe study of law has a sad tendcncy to pervert thle intellect and destroy the capability of distinguilshing between right and wrong. A lawyer (unless, indeed, his mind be of a hIighl order, and soars ebovr te olthe o ing technicalities of his profession) can never try a case upon its absolute merit, but must have resource to some legal precedent. In fact, the tendency of hIis studies is to unihilate the sense of natural justice and propriety, and substitute an artill cial system in their place. If we wanted an arbitrator to decide on a point where nothing but common sense was required, a lawyer is the very last person we would employ; we should prefer the first country bumpkin we met with. CITHEE--No educated talent is more commonly productive of cheek than fluency in speaking. One of the peculiar propensities of thlis intellectual age seems to be that of all classes for speaking in public. ten are no more generally fitted to become public speakers than authors and artists, yet how many thousnandshave wasted lives in fruitless efforts to be one or the other! There is an innate faith,no doubt, in some natures, whichl failure only strengthens and neglect only stimulates, impelling to persistence and often to success; but has not every scribbler who could persuade his words to rhyme, and every aspi rant who could deface a foot of canvass with his empti ness, imagined the "divine afflatus" to have been specially vouchsafed to him ? True, our first efforts must be immature, and first failures ought to be an incentive to persoverance, or the world will retro grade; but more than half the failures in every liter ary sphere have their origin in a disregard of the study of first principles, and of the faithfulreiteration of lee sons tliat may be dull, but which the finest genius cannot naford to contemn. In the matter of public speaking, it is so common to suppose that facility of expression should be the chief aim of those whoso ambition it is to address an audience, or to utter their thoughts in print, that many come to regard the man who can say the most words in a breath, even if he has to ghsp for very lifo at the end, and the writer who can spin out the longest yarn on any given subject (such, for instance, as the savoant men tioned by Moore in his diary, who wrote several folio volumes on the "Digestion of a Flea"), as the men who have mastered their subject and are amply quali Bfied to teach. One woho has a superabundance of cheek, and the accompanying contempt for his audience, may soon learn to be fluent, though he may never learn to be wise. It is a modern fanaticism to believe that it is an object in life to be fluent in publie speech, and that in many circles--such as the numeroeus literary societies in the country-persons who have made no preparation whatever should be indiscriminately en eouraged to stand up and " say something." Admit ting that a man gains dignity and showe power who can stand on his feet and face an audience with his opinions, when his opinions are worth hearing, I think be is proportionately ridiculous if his opinions are worth nothing. This is not said to discourage our efforte to form opinions, and to express them as well as we can, but to discourage the idea that, because John Jones hlas overcome the usual impediments to public opeech, he should jump up at every, opportunity to ex preshisvioews on any subjectunder thesuon, particularly wbhen he has not given itany previous reflection. The spontaneoun opinion of Jones on a question concern ing hiis everyday buseiness, or concerning some special subject, is likely to be worth hearing at any time ; but it is abesrd to think that because his opinions on these points are sound, his ideas on any other are sound too. And if unsound, why encourage him to bore us by making us wade through a stream of words in hope of picking up an opinion on the way P The worst of mere fluency is just this-that it is sure to create in a man's mind the oppressive conceit that the sound of his voice is mausic to his listeners' ears, and that anything he says is worth hearing. You might ne well transfer human brains to acoconaqut shell and expect them to reason, as place some educated men before an audience and command them to speak; but every sane man has a special constitutional aptitude for a certain line of public usefulness, and to fore him outside of this line, into a sphere which nature clearly designed he should not occupy, mnst either tend to dwarf his energies or to develop his cheekl- Canadian JMlonthly. T?H I?S-TINCT OF ?tTS.-If some moistened sugar he placed near the nest of the small black garden ant, a solitary straggler will soon aecidentally discover it; he imbibes his own load, and finds his way to the nest with information ; speedily a number of others emerge, make straight for the sugar, and continue to pass to and fro in the most sedate and business-like manner till the whole of the provender is conveyed to the nest. Their behaviour is very different in the case of lirve prey. If a small caterpillar is placed in their way, one or two will at once attask it; but if they find they are not strong enough, one will sometimes run away into the nest and give the alarm. Numbers of them then come rushing out to the rescue in greatanger and excitement, which subsides the moment their prey is slaughtered, of which the majority take no further heed, but leave only one or two to drag the carease homewards. I once emptied out a sac of spider's eggs (taken from a neighbouring roseo-bush) near to an ants' nest. These were speedily discovered, but were evi dently a kind of provision that they had never been accustomed to, for many, in endeavouring to carry them away, grasped them so hard as to break the shell, and they had to stop to devour the contents then and there. This accident frequently happened at first, but they speedily learned to handle them carefully and carry them without breaking them; and many times afterwards I fed this colony with spider's eggs, which were emoved without a single ease of break. age, as they perfectly well remembered the nature of the provision they had to deal with. But the staple food of this species of ant is "honey0 dew,"' which is a secretion forcibly ejected from the two tubes on the backs of numerous species of aphides. The ants lickthis off the surface ofthe leavres where it has been cast, but they mostly prefer obtain ing it direct from the aphides themselves, which they cherish and protect with the most zeulous care, enl dently considering them as their flocks and herds. This is a well-known fant. But on one coasion I happened to observe, under the curled-up leaves at the top of the twig of a currant.bush, an immense number of aphides as usual under their charge, and 'guarded by a dozen or so of ants. The common "lady-birds" were also there, devouring the aphides in spite of the efforts of the ants to prevent it, who displayed the greatest anger by springing on the backs of the robbers and trying to get hold of their legs on either side. At every attempt the lady-birds coolly tilted their impenetrable elhyra from side to side, so as to leave no room beneath for the assault, and, with antennae drawn in, continued their meal withperfect im punity. While watching this amusingscene, aprowl ing earwig spade its way up the stalk (earwigs are great destroyers of aphides). It thrust half its body under the leaves, and, after eating one or two, was speedily discovered, but proved no match for the ants, who, attacking its legs and antenna, soon compelled it to beat an inglorious retreat, hotly pursued by several of the ants. During the night there came a heavy shower of rain, and a day or so afterwards I stepped out of the path to see how the ants and their charge were progressing. Much to my surprise, I found that they had carried up particles of wet loa-h, and plastered and built up every external opening between the leaves in a most substantial manner, leaving only a small entrancebeneath : in this manner keeping out all intruders, and inclosing the aphides entirely for their own benefit. The twig in question was near a yard high from the ground, and, as if the colony retained some recollection of their clever pice of work, exactly the same thing was done on this currant- bush the succeeding year. It might perhaps be argued that there was no special design or iuten tion in this, considering the building instincts of ants; but this year I observed an incident relating to thlem that surprised me still more :-In an enclosed orchard, at the root of a small plum-tree partly decayed in the trunk, there was a nest or colony of ants, which evidently mostly depended upon the tree for pro visions, as there were abundance of aphides amongest the leaves. A string of ante constantly passed up and down, the ascending ones empty, and the descend ing ones so inflated that their bodies appeared trans parent. A few sheep were then turned into the orclhard to eat down the grass. These animals sadly disturbed the poor ante by making a rubbing-post of the tree, coating the bark with filaments of wool, which interfered with the passage of theante, many of which were also probably destroypd, and but few had the courage to venture up. Some time after this I looked again, without seeing a single ant on the stem of tlhe tree. Observing a fissure halfway down, I noticed a large quantity of fine particles of rotten wood, looking like snuff, had been thrown out, and at the bottom of the cavity I perceived a regiment of ants passing up and down. I then found that in the fork of the tree, where a small branch had been sawn off and got rotten at the core, they had made s passage through, having thrown out more particles of toucha.wood. They had no risible exit at the bark of the tree, but made their way to the nest throughl some unseen channel in tlhe root.-HardwoicTe's Science.gosaip. SlntarVIG.-TheIre can be little doubt but that the practice of shaving at all is unnatural. Besides the dignity the hair imparts to the face, and the protec tion it affords against cold, the beard also plays the part of an efljiient respirator. With a good beard and moustachle, a man may fairly disdain to plug up his nostrils with cotton-wool, Professor Tyndal's dictum notwithlstanding. Among the Sheflield grinders, the high mortality which is so terrible a characteristic of their trade is much lower amongst those who do not shave. The lungs of a Sheffield grinder after death are as black as though they had been saturated with ink, and when cut through present a consistency and texture similar to thoseof India.rubber. This isowing to the presence of innumerable and minute particles of steel, of which the greater part at least might have been excluded had not shaving left the mouth and nostrils unprotected. Many of the ingenious appli ances that have been inoented to protect the grinder are nothing more than substitutes for a beard. Crape masks, magnetic wire screens to cover the month, to., are all merely attempts to imitate nature's own nespi roator. By a singular coincidence, razor.grinding is the most deadly branch of this sad employment. Any very urgent apology for the heard, however, is scearcely required nowadays. Since the extension of the Volunteer movement, shaving, as a national custom, may be said to have fallen into desuetude. In this instance, at least, "Mrs. Grundy" has been fairly set at defiance. A man may wear his moustache now without incurring the suspicion of wishing to pas for a military officer or of being a Montague Tigg. The clergy have naturally clung longest to the ortho dox fashion; but a spirit of liberty is abroad in the Church as elsewhere, andthe epectacleofa High Church divine with a heard extending to his waist is not an uncommon one. Clergymen and lawyers have per haps some excuse for sharing, since men whose pro fession is oratory cannot afford to dispense with any adjutant to their aid; and a full beard, although unquestionably adding to the dignity of a man's appearance, does somewhat detract from the vivacity of facial expression. Shaving, however, as a general custom is in a fair way of becoming-if indeed it is not already-a matter of history. Indeed, the tide of fashion seems now to have ast strongly the other way, if any judgment may be formed from the advertise ments in the newspapers. The New Zealander (the shade of Macaulay forgive us n1) may well be pardoned if, when he comes to peruse a worm-eaten copy of btho Times, and reads the long list of infallible nostrums and celebrated "formulw," he forms the conclusion that the one absorbing ambition (of the male portion, at least) of nineteenth-century society was to be blessed with "luxuriant whiskers" and a generally magnifi cently truculent appearance. Could the ghost of Seume, the German writer, revisit this esahb, he would look with curious feelings on a certain passage in his diary, wherein he wrote: "To-day I throw the powder apparatus out of window. When will come the blessed day when I shall send the shaving apparatns after it P"-Rtcetera. ToATs.--Women have long since ceased to be "toasts," but the sex is still honoured collectively as "The Ladies." Taking a limited view of his aubjet, a benighted man at a bachelor's supper took the liberty of giving," Our Future Wives?isitance lends enchantment to the view I" The addenda at least would have been appreciated by the old fogy who, having escaped being caught by the "sweetbriers in bthe garden of life'," when asked for a toast, proposed "Woman-the morning star of infancy, the day star of manhood, the evening-star of age ; bless one star, and may they always be kept at stelescopie distance !" He would probably have made a very wry face at the old SeBotche toast "??May we a' be canty and coy, And 'ilk hea a wife in his bos"' although he might not have dared to decline the in' vitation, for in deep-drinking days it was held a great affront to refunse to accept a toast. Two yonog noble* men were staying at Brechin Castle, and Lord Pan mure invited his tenant Panlathie to meet them at dinner, telling him to be sure and bring some money with him. As soon as the cloth was removed, Lord Panmure led off with the fIrat toast: "All eeotte in the ire, or twenty pounds on the table," and four oats went off their owner's backs. The next toast was: " All boots inthe fire, or a hundred pounds on the table." Then came Panlathie's turn; crying out: "Two fore-teeth in the fire, or two hundred pounds on the table,'and pullitnhts teeth out--- fate ones, of eourse--he threw them into the fire. The nample was not followed; so Paulathie went home uinus his hat, coat, and boots, but with his poikete richr bysix hundred pounds. Thestory may be true,lthtigh we have read of a very similar performance in wiich Pan lathie's part was played by witty Sir O. Bedley, for such treaks jumped with our grandoires' notion of bujonr. A writer in the Connoieasur betrays his nativity in a curious way. Aeguing against the folly of trusting one's friends with secrets, the eenssayist says: "Happy to have been thought worthy the confidense of one friend, they are impatient to manifesttheir importaoe to another; till between them and their friend, and their father's friend, the whole'matterisperfectly well known to all our friends round tAhe WIrekin." Only a proud B?alopian could have thus dragged in the county toast. The ancient city of Lichield has its penuliar toast, " Wealeand worship," alwayhgiven immediately after the health of the sovereign has beendrunk. "St. Dunstan" in a standing togst at the dinners of the Goldsmiths' Company. Tatliereall, the founder of that famous institution, "The Corner," had a special toast of his own, which he loved to hear given with all the honours by the Newmarket jockeys at the end of every racing season; this was "Hammer and HigBfyer," two H's that had won him fame on the torft and for tune in the rostrum. Tattereal's ulliteration reminds us of two toasts called The Four H's and the' Eight H's, one running "Happy are we met, Happy have we been, Happy my we part, and SHappy meet again " and the other- andoome Husband, Handsome House, Health and Happiness, Here and Hereafter. The Duke of Buckingham, who bowled time away in Marylebone Gardens, used, at the end of the season, to give a dinner to the sharpers who made that once popular resort their hunting-ground, and always gave the last toast of the evening himself ; this was a very suggestive alteration of the old formula, "Toour next merry meeting"-" Hay as many of us as remain un hanged next spring meet here again!" "UHorses sound, dogs hearty, earths stopped, and foxe plenty," was a toast old fox-hunters always honoured with pint bumpers. The South Highland couplet- "Green bills and waters blue, Grey plaids and tarry woo' " is still a favourite at agricultural gatherings, at which no better toast could be proposed than old Tasser's quatrain: "Good lack to the hoof and the horn Good luck to the flBook and the flBeeoe Good luck to the growers of corn, With blessings of plenty and peace l" The mining tonast in Yorkshire is, "May all our labours be in vein." Punning toasts are rarer than would be supposed. Here are three old ones--"May our com manders have the eye of a Hawke and the heart of a Wolfe ;" "May we never have a Foxr too conning nor a Pitt too deep ;" " May our liberty nbver be swallowed in a Pitt." The etateosman whose name is thus played upon is credited with the authorship of "May the trade of Kidderminster be trodded under foot by all the world;" but accordingtoanotherstory, Sheridan, when solieiting the votes of the shoemakers of Stafford, mightily offended the obtnse sons of Crispin by proposing at a dinner, "May the trade of Stafford be trampled under foot by all the world !" A quicker witted company welcomed Judge Story's toast at the dinner in celebration of Everett's appointment as Ambassador to the Court of St. James's: "Genios sure to be welcome where Everett goes " a compli' meet responded to by the new-made enrvoy with "Law, Equity, gnd Jurisprudence-no efforts can raise them above one BStory."-Chamber'.s Journal. Ten UNowe RsEiroN.-In 1853, Dr. Kane, an American, in a small brig, the Advance, inadequately provided with food and equipments for the voyage, penetrated, euffering almost incredible hardships, to about the 79th parallel of latitude, beyond which he was unable to reach, and left hisship in Advance Bay. In the following yearanother expedition reached about 160 miles farther, and traced the west coast of Green land and the opposite shore of the sound, to which the name of Griunel Land was given. On the Greenland side, marking the bold curve of Peabody Bay, is the great Humboldt Glacier, and the extreme of Greenland reached was a point seen by Dr. Kane, and supposed by him to be the termination of Greenland. This point is a bold promontory just beyond the stupendous tongue of the greatglacier, and named Cape Coonstitu tion. One man only, a sailor named Morton, has reached this point. He could not get round the pro montory because of water existing at the base, and he could not scale the cliff because it was too steep; but hle contrived to scramble up it to a height of 3001t. to 400ft., and looked out into the unknown region. COrlai SherPrd Osborn, in Cassel's eMgaziee. essar oN TtE Cow.-The jokers are not all dead yet. A Hampshire wag put the following advertise. ment in a weekly paper:-" Who wants to buy a new milch cow, that is in every way kind, only five years old, and gives fifteen quarts of milk to a milking ? Jack Rogers."-The next week Mr. Rogers received not less than fifty applications through the paper for the cow, which were answered thus:--" If I bear of any such cow, I will let you know immediately. Yours truly, J. Rogers." Iraswlron: Printed and published by the proprietors, Knon Pan.IesoN, J. BOWatne SoxAIo, and Fanuse EnIDNoB, at the QeenalaPd 2risee Oilloe, Ellenborough-street. 