. MIDDLEMAECH* A STUDY OF PROVINCIAL LIFE. Br GEOBGB ELIOC. VOL. L BOOK JX '' OLD AND TODNG, CHAPTER XV. (CONTINUED). We are not afraid of telling over and over aeaiB how a man comes to fall in love with a woman and be wedded to her, or else be ^Atally parted from her. Is it due to excess of poetry or of stupidity that wo are never weary of describing what King James called a woman's " makdom and her fairnesse," never weary of listening to the twanging of the old Troubadour strings* and are comparatively Uninterested in that other kind of " makdom and fairnesse" which must be wooed with indusmous thought and patient renunciation of small desires ? In the story of this passion, too the development varies: sometimes it is the'glorious marriage, sometimes frustration «nd inal parting. And not seldom the catas tropke is wound up with the other passion, sung by the Troubadours. For in the multi tude of middle-aged men who go about their vocations in a daily course determined for <tben much in the same way as the tie of their cravats, there is always a good number who once meant to Bhape their own deeds and alter the world a little. The story of their coming to to shapen after the average and fit to be sacked by the gross, is hardly ever told even in their consciousness; for perhaps their ardour for generous unpaid toil cooled as. imperceptibly as the ardour of other youthful lovei, till one day their earlier self walked like a ghost in its old home and made the new furniture ghastly. Nothing in the world mon subtle than the process of their gradual <cbfu%e! In the beginning they inhaled it unknowingly: you and I may have sent some of oir breath towards infecting them, when we uttered our conforming falsities or drew oar silly conclusions: or perhaps it came with the vibrations from a woman's glance. Lydgate did not mean to be one of those failures, and there was the better hope of him fepaflim his scientific interest soon took the form of a professional enthusiasm: he had a youthful belief in his bread-winning work, not to b9 stifled by that initiation in make shift called his 'prentice days; and he carried to his studies m London, Edinburgh, and Paris, the conviction that the medical pro fession as it might be was the finest in the world; presenting the most perfect inter* change between science and art; offering the most direct alliance between intellectual conquest and the social good. Lydgate's nature demanded this combination: he was an emotional creature, with a fiesh-and-blood sense of fellowship which withstood all the abstractions of special study. He cared notonly for "cases," but for John and Elizabeth, especially Elizabeth. There was another attraction in his profes -.V7.4 it wanted reform, and gave a man an Opportunity for Borne indignant resolve to reject its venal decorations and other humbug, and to be the possessor of genuine though undemanded qualifications, fie went to study in Paris with the determination that when he came home again he would settle in some provincial to wn as a general practitioner, and resist the irrational sever&nce; between medical and surgical knowledge in the interest of bis own scientific pnrauits, as well as of the general advance: he would keep away from the range of London intrigues, jealousies, and social truckling, and win celebrity, however slowly, as Jenner had done, bf the independent value of his work. For it must be remembered that this was a dark period; and in spite of venerable colleges which used great efforts to secure parity of knowledge by making it scarce, and to exclude error by a rigid ezclusiveness in re lation to fees and appointments, it happened that very ignorant young gentlemen were promoted in town, and many mare got a legal right to practise over, large areas in the country. _ Also, the high standard held opto the public mind by the College of Physicians, which gave its peculiar sanction to the expensive and highly-rarified medical instruc tion obtained by graduates of Oxford and Cambridge did not hinder qutckery from "t'-S an excellent _time of it; for sinoe professional practice chiefly consisted in giving f great many drugs, the public inferred that u might be better off with more drags still, if the; could only be got cheaply, and hence swallowed large cubic measures of physio Prescribed by unscrupulous ignorance which had taken no degrees. Considering that statistics had not yet embraced a calculation 7 f° the number of ignorant or canting tiu 1 "jbich absolutely must exist in the teeth of all changes, it seemed to Lydgate that a change in the units was the most direct node of changing the numbers. He meant 5 b? a unit who would make a certain amount «w£ereno£.toWM^ th»t spreading change wnich would one day tell appreciably upon we averages, and in the meantime have the making an advantageous differ t®6 yiscaraof his own patients. Bat «f *1 S B10?,p*y 8,01 * »>ot« genaiae kind c was flowmoo. He was wider effect: he was fired with y J ? ®igkt work oat the *°4 G"ke HwSiij' 8uem tocongraous to you that a self it rCj- 8<uB®°n «hoald dream of him £ discoverer? Host of ns, indeed. nfe? SS* farther his thought as an instrument of larger inquiry. Was not this the typical pre. eminence of his profession ? He would bo a good MiddlemaTch doctor, and by that very means keep himself in the track of far reaching investigation. On one point he may fairhr claim approval at this particular stage of his career: he did not mean to imitate those philanthropic models who make a profit put of poisonous pickles to support themselves while they are exposing adulters toon, or hold shares iu a gambling-hell that they may have leisure to represent the cause of public morality. He intended to begin In his own .case some particular reforms which were quite certainly within his reach, and mtichless of a problem than the demonstrate ing of an anatomical conception. One of thfese reforms was to act Btoutly on the strength of a recent legal decision, and simply prescribe, without dispensing drags or taking percentage from druggists. This was an innovation for one who had chosen to adopt the style of general practitioner in a country town, and would be felt as offensive criticism by his professional brethren. But Lydgate meant to innovate in his treatment also, and hewas wise enough to see that ihe best security for his practising honestly according to his belief was to get rid of systematic temptations to the contrary. Perhaps that was a more cheerful time for observers and theorisers than the present; we are apt to think it the finest era of the world when America was beginning to be discovered, when a bold sailor, even if he were wrecked, might alight on a new kingdom; and about 1829 the dark territories of Pathology were a fine America for a spirited young adventurer. Lydgate was ambitious above all to contribute towards en larging the scientific, rational basis of his profession. The _more he became interested in special questions of disease, such as the nature of fever or fevers, the more keenly he felt the need for that fundamental knowledge of structure which just at the beginning of the century had been illuminated by the btief and glorious career of Bichat, who died when he was only one-and-tturty,v but, liiT another Alexander, left a realm large enough for mally heirs. That great Frenchman first carried out the conception that living bodies, fundamentally considered, are not associa> tions of organs which can be understood by studying them first apart, and then as it were federally ; bat must be regarded as consisting of certain primary webs or tissues, out of which the various organs-brain, hearty lungs, and so on-are compacted, as the various accommodations of a house are built up in various proportions of wood, iron, stone, brick, zinc, and the rest, each material having its peculiar composition and propor tions. No man, one sees, can nndqrafrwl and estimate the entire structure or its parts -what are its frailties and what its repairs, without knowing the nature of the materials. And the conception wrought out by Bichat, with his detailed study of the different tissues, acted necessarily on medical questions as the turning of gas-light would act on a dim, oil lit ; street, showing new connexions and hitherto hidden facts of structure which must be taken into account in considering the symptoms of maladies and the action of medicaments. But results which depend on human conscience and intelligence work slowly, and now at the end of 1829, most medical practice was still strutting or shambling along the old patbs, and there was still scientific work to bis done which might have seemed to be a direct sequence of Bichat's. This great seer did not go beyond the consideration of the tissues as ultimate facte in the living organism, marking the limit of anatomical analysis; but it was open to another mind to say, have not these struc tures some common basis from which they have all started, asyoorsarsnet, gauze, net, satin and velvet from the raw cocoon ? Here would be another light, as of oxy-hydrogen, showing the very grain of things, and revising all former explanations. Of this sequence to Bichat's work, 'already vibrating along many currents of the European mind, Lydgate was ena moured ; be longed to demonstrate the more intimate relations of living structure, and help to define men's thought more accurately after the true order. The work had not yet been done, but only prepared for those who knew how to use the preparation. What was the primitive tissue? In that way Lydgate put the question-not quite in the way required by the Awaiting answer; but snch missing of the right word befalls many seekers. And he counted oh quiet intervals to be watchfully seized, for taking up the threads of investigation- on many hints to be won from diligent application, not only of the scalpel, but of the microscope, which research had begun to use again with new enthusiasm of reliance. Such was Lydgate's plan of his future: to do good small work for' Middlemarch, and great work for the world. He has certainly a happy fellow at this time: to be seven-and-twenty, without any fired vices, with a generous resolution that bis action should be beneficent, and with ideas in his brain that made life interesting quite apart from the culttis of horse-flash and other mystic rites of costly observance, which theieiithc hundred pounds left him after bnytng his practice would'certainly not have gonfe far in paying for. He was at a starting point which makes many a man's career a fine] subject for betting, if there were any gentlemen given to that amusement who could appreciate the complicated probabili ties* of an arduous purpose, with all the ponfble thwartiugs and furthering* of circumstance, all the niceties of inward balance, by which a man swims and makes his point or else is carried headlong. The risk, would remain, even with close know ledge of Lydgate's character; for character too is aprocess and ah unfolding. The man was lstUl in the making, as much as the Mid&lemarch; doctor and immortal disoo verer, and [there were both virtues and faults capable of shrinking or expanding. The faults wUl not; I hope, be a reason; for the withdrawal of your interest In him. Among our valued friends!* there not some one or othe* who is a little too self-confident and disdainful ; whose distinguished mind it a little spotted with commonness; who is a littld pinched here and protaberant there with native prejudices; or whose better energies ate liable tt> lapse-down Hie wrong channel under the influence of transient solicitations? All these things might be alleged against Lydgate but then, they are the periphrases* of * polite preacher, who talks of Adara, and would not like to men* tionj anything painful to the Mir renters. ^The particular faults^ bom diction.aooeint,andgrfmaws' SStegwpaiS inve 7 various dramas. Ov vanines differ as oi raoses do: all coooeit isnot the same oono it. hut varies In correspondence with the mutatis of mental make in which one of as differs from smother. Lydgate's oono it was of the arrogtnt sort, never .imp rihg, never imperttnent bttt ina* dve n its claims and benevolently <x>n temp nous. He would do a grig}! mat for noodles, being sorry for them, and feeling quite sure that they could have no power over him : be had thought of joining the Saint Simonians when he was in Paris, in order to tnrn them against some of their own doctrines. All his faults were marked by kindred traits, and were those of a man who had a fine baritone, whose clothes hang well upon him, and who even in his_ ordinary gestures had an air of inbred distinction. Where then lay the spots of commonness ? says a young lady enamoured of that careless grace. How could there be any commonness in a man so well-bred, so ambitious of social distinction, so generous and unusual in his views of social duty? As easily as there may be Btupidity in a man of genius if you take him unawares on the wrong subject, or as many a man who has the brat will to advance the social millennium might be ill-inspired in imagining its lighter pleasures; unable to go beyond Offenbach's music, or the brilliant punning in the last burlesque. Lydgate's spots of commonness lay in the complexion of bis prejudices which, in spite of noble in tention and sympathy, were half of them such as are found in ordinary men of the world: that distinction of mind which be longed to his intellectual ardour, did not penetrate his feeling and judgment about furniture, or women, or the desirability of its being known (without his telling) that he was better bom than other country surgeons. He did not mean to think of furniture at present; but whenever he did so, it was to be feared that neither biology nor schemes of reform would lift him above the vulgarity of feeling that there would be an incompatibility in his' furniture not being of the best. As to women, he had once already been drawn headlong by impetuous folly, which he meant to be final, since marriage at some distant period would of course not be im petuous. For those who want to be ac quainted with Lydgate it will be good to know what was that case of impetuous folly, for it may stand as an example of the fitful swerving of passion to which he was prone, together with the chivalrous kindness which helped to make him morally loveable. The story can be told without many words. It happened when he was studying in Paris, and just at the time when, over and above his other work, he was occupied with some gal vanic experiments. One evening, tired with his experimenting, and not being able to elicit the facts he needed, he left his frogs and rabbits to some repose under their trying and mysterious dispensation of unexplained shocks, and went to finish his evening at the theatre of the Porte Saint Martin, were there was a melodrama which he had already seen several times: attracted, not by the ingenious work of the collaborating authors, bnt by an actress whose part it was to stab her lover, mistaking him for the evil-design ing duke of the piece. Lydjgate was in love with this actress, as a man is in love with a woman whom he never expects to speak to. She was a Proven9ale, with dark eyes, a Greek profile, and rounded majestic form, having that sort of beauty which carries a sweet matronliness even in youth, and her voice was a soft cooing. She had but lately come to Paris, and bore a virtuous reputation, her husband acting with her as the unfortu nate lover. It was her acting which was " no better than it shonld be," bnt the public was satisfied. Lydgate's only relaxation now was to go and look at this woman, just as he might have thrown himself under tbe breath of the sweet south on a bank of violets for a while, without prejudice to Ms galvanism, to which he would presently return. But this evening the old drama had a new catas trophe. At the moment when the heroine was to act the Btabbing of her lover, and he was to fall gracefully, the wife veritably stabbed her husband, who fell as death willed. A wild shriek pierced the house, and the Proven9ale fell swooning: a shriek and a swoon were demanded by the play, but the swooning too was real this time. Lydgate leaped and climbed, he hardly knew how, on to the stage, and was active in help, making the acquaintance of his heroine by finding a contusion on her head and lifting her gently in his arms. Paris rang with the story of this deathwas it a murder ? Some of the actress's warmest admirers were in clined to believe in her guilt, and liked her the better for it (such was the taste of those times); but Lydgate was not one of these. He vehemently contended for her innocence, and the remote, impersonal passion for her beauty which he had felt before, had passed now into personal devotion,and tender thought of her lot. The notion of murder was absurd; no motive was discoverable, the young couple being understood to dote cm each other; audit was not unprecedented that an accidental slip of the foot should have brought these grave consequences. The legal investigation ended in Madame Laare's releate. Lydgate by this time had had many interviews with her, and found her more and more adorable. She talked little ; but that was an additional charm. She was melancholy, and seemed grateful; her presence was enough, like that of the evening light Lydgate was madly anxious about ner affectum, and jealous lest any other man than himself should win it and ask her to many him. Bat instead of reopening her engagement at the Porte Saint Martin, where she would have bean all tbe more popular for the fatal episode, she left Paris without framing, forsaking her little court of admirers. Perhaps no one carried inqury far except Lydgate, who felt that all science had come to a standstill while he imagined the nnhappy Laura, atricken by ever-wandering sorrow, herself wandering, and finding no faithful comforter. Hidden actresses, however, are not so difficult to find aB some other hidden facts, and it was not long before Lydgate gathered indications that Laura bad taken the route to Lyons. He found her at last acting with great sucoess at Avignon under thesame name, looking more msjeitio than ever as a forsaken wife carrying her child in her arms. Bespoke to her after the play, was received with the usual quietude whioh seemed to him beautiful ai clear depths of water, and obtained leave to visit her the next jday; when he was benton telling her that ihe adored her, and on asking her to f'llm. He knew that this was like the impulse of a madman-incongruous Lth his habitual foibles. Ho matter I the one thing which he was resolved He had two selves within him appa rently, a»d they must learn to accommodate each | other and bear reciprocal impediments. Strange, that some of us, with quick alternate viaiop, see beyond ont infa^oauonvand even while we rave on the heights, behold the wide plain where our persistent aelf pauses and await os. To have approached Laura with any suit that was not reverentially tender would have been simply a oontradicnon of his whole feel ing towaras her.. " v> You have oo^ jwtto way from Paris to 'find per ahe, mm to him,the next day, sit* ting before him with fwded asms, and looking athimwithemNiAtjMbuedtowonderasan untamedruminating imimjdwonders, "Are ill EbgUihmen like that T .' It came betyWM. I.could not live without tryinfc to lee you. Yon, ate lonely; I love you; [I want you to oonsent to be my wife: I will lirait, but I want you-to promise that you #111 many me-HQO one else.1' Laure looked at him in a&enoe; with » melancholy radiance from uade'rher grand eyelide, until he was (all of rapturous cer tainty, and knelt close to her knees. ' I will tell yon something," she said, ia her cooing way, keeping her arms* folded. "My foot really slipped. "I know, I know," said Lydgate, deprecat ingjy. "It was a fatal accident-a dreadful strike of calamity that boaad me to yon the moire." Again Laure paused a little and then said, slowly, "I meant to do it." Lydgate, strong man as he was, turned pale and trembled: moments seemed to pass before he rose and stood at a distance from her. "There was a secret, then," he said at last, even vehemently. "He was bratal to you: you hated him." > "No! he wearied me: he was too fond: he would live in Paris, and not in my country; that was not agreeable to me." "GreatGod!" said Lydgate, in a groan of horror. " And you planned to murder him ?" " I did not plan: it came to me in the play -1 meant to do it." Lydgate stood mute, and unconsciously pressed his hat on while he looked at her. He saw thiB woman-the first to whom he had given his young adoration-amid the throng of stupid criminals. "You are a good young man," she said. "But I do not like husbands. I will never have another." Three days afterwards Lydgate was at his galvanism again in his Paris chambers, be lieving that illusions were at an end for him. He was Baved from hardening effects by the abundant kindness of his heart and his belief that human life might be made better. But he had more reason than ever for trusting his judgment, now that it was so ex perienced; and henceforth he would take a strictly scientific view of woman, entertaining no expectations but such as were justified beforehand. No one in Middlemarch was likely to have such a notion of Lydgate's past as has just been faintly shadowed, and indeed the re spectable townsfolk there were not more given than mortals generally to any eager attempt at exactness in the representation to themselves of what did not come nnder their own senses. Not only young virgins of that town, but grey-bearded men also, were often in haste to conjecture how a new acquaint ance might to wronght into their purposes, contented with very vague knowledge as to the way in which life had been shaping him for that instrumentality. Middlemarch, in fact, counted on swallowing Lydgate and assimilating him very comfortably. 