Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER IX. BEM ANSWERS AN IMPORTANT ADVERTISEMENT. FRANK was taken to the Central Police Court, Mel- bourne the next morning, and charged with feloni- ously assaulting and robbing Mr. Adam Leary. The bruises on the prosecutor's person were direct evidence of tHe assault, and the finding of the purse in Frank's pocket was held to be equally conclusive proof of the robbery. Frank made a straightforward state- ment of the facts of the case. He honestly confessed to the assault; and said he should be ashamed to call himself a man if he had not punished the prosecutor for his wicked behaviour to two helpless women; but he totally denied the charge of robbery. Ben's evi- dence corroborated Frank's statement to a tittle, nevertheless the Bench decided to commit the prisoner for trial; and, as he had no substantial bail to offer, he was forthwith sent to gaol. Poor Ben felt sorely for the misfortunes of his friend, and the concern of Mrs. and Miss Blake was truly pitiable; for one of the daily newspapers had incautiously published that the assault and robbery had taken place in a disorderly house, into which the prosecutor had been inveighled by a girl. If the gen- tleman who reported that case could only have wit- nessed, for a moment, the mental sufferings which his unhappy version of it caused to the widow and her daughter, he would certainly have regretted that he penned those cruelly damaging lines. Many other hearts have winced, and some have been well nigh crushed, by a few lines written by a too hastily hand, to be set up in type for many thousands of eyes to scan. Public writers should use their pens with careful judgment, and also with justice and mercy. The anxiety Ben felt for the condition of his un- lucky shipmate was, in some measure, mixed with concern for his own interests. In the first place it would delay his previously formed plans, as the assizes would not be held for five weeks, and with the utmost economy his money would barely hold out that time, unless he could get employment of some kind. He was bound both by law and conscience to stay to give evidence for Frank's defence; indeed the idea of deserting his friend in distress never once entered his mind. He had confidence in the triumph of justice, in a general way, but in this particular case he had troublesome misgivings, that the testimony of the wealthy prosecutor, together with the train of correla- tive circumstances, would overbalance the evidence of Frank's witnesses. The advisability of procuring learned counsel for his defence also occurred to Ben, but the limited means he had in hand seemed to be an insurmountable obstacle. He had encouraged high expectations of pecuniary advantage in the fulfilment of Dumby's mysterious commission, but how to ac- complish it in the event of his friend Frank's convic- tion he did not know. A living witness to authenti- cate Dumby's death, and other particulars, seemed to him to be essentially necessary; in short, he had scarcely courage enough to attempt to carry out the work by himself, lest his own personal liberty might be involved; for he was wholly ignorant of the ante- cedents of Dumby, and also of the contents of his packet, and the tin box, which he had not yet ven- tured to search for. It was natural enough, under all these circumstances, for Ben to feel dispirited. After pondering the matter over for several days and nights, Ben resolved that he would seek employ- ment of some kind, for a few weeks, and thereby raise enough money to procure counsel for Frank at his approaching trial. But he soon found, as many other men have found, that in the busy city of Melbourne it is not always easy for a stranger to find work, how- ever willing he may be to do it. Ben replied in per- son to many advertisements, but without success; in most cases he was objected to because he could not give references as to character. He was growing more dispirited every day, and the kindness and sympathy of Mrs. Blake and her daughter were powerless to lift him above his present perplexities. His money was gradually diminishing, and he saw no prospect of earning enough to help his friend in trouble. One morning Ben was earlier than usual at the shop where he always went to look over the news- papers. He had glanced through the list headed "Wanted," and had taken down the addresses of two persons who wanted a "sober young man," when his eye caught sight of an advertisement as follows:— "Henry Gordon Marshall. You are affectionately entreated to return to your home, without delay. A death has taken place in the family. No obstacles now exist. A cordial welcome awaits you. A liberal reward will be given to any person furnishing infor- mation of the above named gentleman to Mr. Black- stone, solicitor, Temple Court, Melbourne." "Henry Gordon Marshall!" ejaculated Ben. "It strikes me that is the name written in poor Dumby's Bible. I am almost sure it is, but I will soon see." He hastened back to his lodgings, took the Bible from his box, and sure enough on the fly- leaf was written, "Henry Gordon Marshall. From his loving mother, Emily Marshall, Newby Hall." Ben's countenance was so much brighter than usual when he sat down to breakfast that Mrs. Blake said she hoped he had heard of a situation. "No, Mrs. Blake, I have not; but I have something else in view which I cannot explain to you now; perhaps when I come home to dinner I may be able to tell you some cheering news. I feel more hope- ful at present than I have felt for many days past." Soon after 10 o'clock Ben entered the outer office of Mr. Blackstone, and asked to see the head of the house. "Pray what is the nature of your business?" in- quired a gentleman, whom Ben supposed was the managing clerk. "I wish to see Mr. Blackstone on a private matter, sir." "Please to step into the ante-room, and wait till he is disengaged." Ben accordingly walked into a sort of lobby, where there were two other persons waiting their turn to enter the room with an inscription on the door, "Mr. Blackstone's office." Ben took a seat and waited until those persons had gone into the room, and in the meantime another client came in, a bustling, important looking personage, who, when the door again opened, pressed his way into the office, without deigning to notice Ben's respectful remark, "First come first served." Presently a fresh client stepped into the lobby, a smirky faced old gentleman, with a wheedling voice and a parrot-shaped nose. "It is your turn to go in next, I suppose?" he remarked to Ben, with a look of fatherly affection. "Yes, sir; it was my turn before that last gentle- man went in, and I told him so, but he took no notice of me." "Hah! Pushed in out of his turn did he? Too bad—not fair at all; at any rate he ought to have asked you, civilly, to make way for him, and you would have done it, no doubt. Civility costs nothing. I merely wish to say two words to Mr. Blackstone," he added, edging into the recess of the doorway, "I have only one sentence to say; not more." "Well, I think you ought to wait for your turn, sir," urged Ben, rather sharply. "Don't be vexed," he said, with a mollifying smile. "I'll not be a minute." In he went, and the door closed, leaving Ben to reflect on the etiquette of some men of position, which he thought was not more refined than that of common sailors in the forecastle of a collier. In about twenty minutes the complaisant old gentleman came out again, and laying his hand encouragingly on Ben's shoulder, said, "I have exer- cised your patience, my friend. I am sorry I exceeded my limit, but you can go in now; he is quite disen- gaged." Ben walked in forthwith, and briefly informed the gentleman who was sitting behind an office table that he had called to give information respecting Mr. Henry Gordon Marshall. "O, indeed! Happy to see you; take a seat, please. Pray what information have you to give me of Mr. Marshall? Do you know that gentleman?" "I did know him, sir. I sailed in the same vessel with him to New Zealand." "Are you sure you are not mistaken?" "Quite sure, sir." Ben then made a true statement of all he knew of Mr. Marshall, alias Dumby, during his lifetime, and of his dying request to him; reserv- ing only the matter of the tin box, which he thought he had better not mention at present. "Where is the packet which Mr. Marshall entrusted to your care?" asked Mr. Blackstone, with an eager- ness which he could not wholly conceal. "I have it carefully put away at my lodgings, sir." "You must bring it to me without delay. Perhaps I had better send my clerk with you to your lodgings." "Excuse me, sir, if you please; but I solemnly promised that I would not deliver that packet into any other hands than the person to whom it is addressed, and I would not break that promise for any considera- tion," said Ben, firmly. "Just so. To whom is that parcel addressed, will you tell me?" "I cannot think of the name at present, sir; but I will bring you the name and address, if you wish." "Yes, by all means. Have you any witness of Mr. Marshall's death besides yourself? Do you know where to find any of the crew of the vessel you sailed in?" "Yes, sir; my shipmate, Frank Shouter, sewed Mr. Marshall up in his hammock, and helped to launch him overboard." "Where is this Frank Shouter at the present time?" "He is in Melbourne gaol, I am sorry to say, sir." Ben then gave a faithful account of Frank's mishap; and expressed his anxiety to procure counsel for his defence. After a good deal of cross-questioning, which elicited no further information from Ben, Mr. Blackstone wrote down Frank's name, also Ben's name and address, and bade him call again at the office next day at noon. Punctually to the minute, Ben entered the lawyer's office on the following day. "Good morning to you, Mr. Bruce. I had almost forgotten your appoint- ment. I am very busy—but please to take a chair," said Mr. Blackstone, who was really as anxious as Ben was for the interview. "O, let me tell you, first of all, Mr. Bruce, that I have seen your friend in Melbourne gaol, and he has told me the particulars of his case. Assault and robbery is a very serious charge." "Yes, sir, but he is as innocent of the robbery as I am. It was very kind of you to visit him, sir, and I am very much obliged to you, indeed." "By the bye, he said something to me about a box, as well as a parcel, that the late Mr. Marshall en- trusted to your care." "His box, or sea-chest, was landed at Wellington, sir, by order of the captain of the Wolf. I saw it put into the police boat." "I don't mean his sea-chest, Mr. Bruce; though we must, of course, see after that, and I will make a note of it at once. Your friend in the gaol told me that you have a small tin box in your possession, which belonged to the deceased gentleman." "That is a mistake, sir. I have not got it." "For the discrepancy between your statement and that of your associate, it is very natural that I should begin to suspect you both," said Mr. Blackstone, with a searching look at Ben's face, which certainly did not index a deceitful nature. "I will tell you, honestly and plainly, all I can tell you in the matter, sir; and if you then suspect me I cannot help it. Mr. Marshall told me where I should find a small tin box, but did not even hint to me what it contained. On the very evening my friend got into trouble we were going out to search for it." "O, I see. You have not actually got the box in your possession, but you know where it is. Is that what I am to understand?" "I know somewhere about the spot that Mr. Mar- shall said the box is to be found, but I have not dug for it yet." "Have you any objection to tell me where the spot is?" "I dare not tell you, nor anybody else, sir." "That is strange! You dare not tell! Pray explain, why?" "This is all the explanation I can give, sir; Mr. Marshall, with his dying breath, made me solemnly vow that I would deliver the parcel and the tin box into the hands of a certain gentleman in England, and said that his ghost should haunt me if I broke faith." "Ha, ha!" laughed the lawyer (a professional laugh, not a merry one). "You are afraid of his ghost; and that is why you will not declare all you know about this matter. Is that it?" "I have told you all I actually know at present, sir. I am not sure that I shall find the tin box, but if I do find it I will tell you honestly that I have done so, though I cannot promise to give it up to you. Ghost or no ghost, it is only right and fair for me to keep my solemn promise to a dying man." The lawyer sat for a few minutes, rubbing his chin, as if in perplexing cogitation. Presently he said, "If I procure responsible bail for this man Frank—what's his name—in gaol, will you deposit with me the packet of manuscript and the tin box, as a guarantee of good faith, upon my giving you an assurance that they shall not be opened or tampered with in any way?" "I dare not do that, sir. I have sworn that I will not give the things up to any one but the person to whom they are addressed, and I will faithfully keep my vow, if I live. I would gladly do anything in my power to get my friend out of gaol, for I can hardly fulfil what I have undertaken without his help; but if I cannot get him bailed out by any other means than by breaking my oath, he must stay where he is and take his chance. He would rather stay there, I am sure, than that I should get him but by such means. I have no fear for him, if he gets fair play; and if I can in any way get counsel for his defence I will do it." The decisive tone in which Ben spoke evidently in- fluenced Mr. Blackstone, for he began to look more sympathising than before. He said, in a soft mood, that it was a hard case for an innocent man to be kept in prison for want of a friend to bail him out; and he finally offered, not only to find bail for Frank, but also to find learned counsel for him at his approaching trial. Ben could scarcely express his gratitude to the lawyer for such unexpected generosity; but Mr. Blackstone told him that he should consider it a happy duty to render any assistance he could, either to him or his friend Shouter, for he felt satisfied that they were honest men. To prove the sincerity of his state- ment, he forthwith started with Ben to take the necessary steps for Frank's release from gaol. Two hours afterwards Frank was at liberty; and he and Ben returned to their lodgings, where they re- ceived a real motherly welcome from Mrs. Blake, and a modest, sisterly smile of gladness from her amiable daughter, which was as enlivening to Ben's heart as sunshine to a caged bird. 