The Celebrated Oaptain Kidd. The correspondent of tho New York Tribune who writes the interesting articles entitled 'Summer Haunts,' which occasionally appear in that paper, relates some particulars respecting Captain Kidd which have a certain interest. The paper also con tains other curious details respecting early occurrences in America. The writer says : — I have bcon walking over the hills and through the beautiful valleys of the Narragnnsctts, where tivo cen turieB and a half ago the red men belonging to tho tribe whose name alone is left to tell of their existence were WHS mimui i-hub. *- »'*»»j »»*»««.? *??»* 1*.—_~ ._ — — . romance and tradition, and the inevitable und essen tially requisite ghost story is not wsamug. 1 hare stoodupou tho spot where the 'gimt swamp fight' of 1675'took place, which was a, fatal Tutus for the A.ura gansetts. Canonchet, tte last chief of a brave nation, whose father was Mimilonomi— after whom Mr. Gideon Welles named a monitor -being taken by the whites and- condemned to death, exhibited a grandeur of character which induced a chronicler of cotemporary times lo say that some ' old Bomau ghost possessed the body of this Western pagan liko an Atulius Eegulus.' 'I like it well,' said. Canonchet, when told of the sentence, ' that I shall die before my heart grown soft, and I have said anything unworthy of m IBbJIve stood upon ground which has been pressed by the feet of the pirate Kidd, who was a familiar of this neighbourhood ; his places of resort are sliU shown, and numerous holes in the ground of 'Wilsons. Woods' and elsewhere, dug by credulous searchers after his hid den treasures, arc still visible. Afewyearsagoaswora. hilt was dug up in a field near the pier, on which wag engraved the name of ArtemwGouli who was one of Kidd's lieutenants. Twenty-eight of his crew wore hung on one gaUows at Newport -a three-cornered saUows and two of the carpenters who had helped to Build1 the gallows were afterwards hung, for murdering then wives. Kidd's men were burieaTbelow high-watermark on the beach at Goat Island, and within the memory of the older inhabitants, here some of the coffins wcro cast up by the action oE the sea, and the skeletons exposed. Newport was once a great resort for writes and Blare traders, and it waa to their lawless chieftains that the, famous ballad of Captain Kiod1— a Btrange compound of doggerel and wild, rugged pathos— was addressed :— O ve captains, brave and bold, hear our cries, hear our cries, O ye caplains, brave and bold, hear our cries : Oye captains, brave and bold, though ye seem all uncon Do Hot, lor the sake of gold, lose your soule, lose yonr souls. My name wn« BoUert Kidd, wlien T Bailed, when I soiled. Mv name was Robert Kidd, God's laws I did forlnd, And so wickedly I did, when I sailed. , And further on : M aUildc in my hand, when I wiled, when I 'ile.l. Td a Bible in my Imnd, by tny father sprat cmimana. And I smile it in ll.c Baud, when I sailed. (I .(note from memory, and am not probably per- ' I fectly correct.) Then I've, seen the spot where was I born Gcu. Nathaniel Greene, of Revolutionary me I Jnory. It is about four miles away; and v-iiLu'ri the J same distance was born Gilbert Stuart, whose treat j painting of Washington is historic. 2\ow, it was utter i this manner that Gilbert- Stuart came to be bom in Narragansett. About 125 years ago, n gentleman cauio hither from Scotland, by name Moffatt, and by profes sion a physician. Dr. Moffatt, however, could not make his way among the plain Quakers, who, at that lime, constituted tlie larger portion of the inha bitants. He was learned, but not popular. So, tobacco being a product here. Dr. Moffatt took to its cultivation, »H bethought him to build a Euuif-mill ; bnt he coi.in And no one here competent to construct the building. He, therefore, wrote to Scot land, and procured the services of a millwright, br name Gilbert Stuart, who built the mill according to his desires — tin first in New England. Gilbert soon married Miss lOIizaoeth Anthony, the daughter of a well-to-do farmer; and of this marriage came Gilbert Charles Stuart,*the painter, so christened ; but who, ?however, iu afterlife, wnbseri bed liimself Gilbert Stuart, omitting his middlcuame. The house iu which he w.ir born still stands. Near the summit of Tower Hill, a mile from the pier, stands a little bnilding iu which George Fox, the founder of the sect of Friends, or 'Quakers,'1 has more than once preached. It is upon the old post-road between Boston aud Philadelphia. Formerly this was the chief highway between New England and the South, over which there was once a vast deal of travel ; and it gis not very startling perhaps to observe that this road has been traversed by Wash ington aud Franklin. An'tl there are tombstones in the old; ?tmryiug- ground, near by, which have stood the assaults of time for two centuries and more. And a mile or eo distant from the builaing and burial-place just mentioned, is a stone set in one of ihe fences— nearly all the fences iu this part of Narragan sett are built of ' niggerhead atones'- which beavs iu rude figures the date 1741. Wow this date commemo rates a murder of so curious :i obarsicter. committed at that spot, in that year, that I give you the story ' as 'twjis t.n!ii mp.' About 1740, Carter was captain of a vessel in the coasting trade that sailed out of Newport. He encountered a dreadful stovra off the coast of South Carolina, and his vessel was wrecked. But Carter and his crew escaped with their lives ; and Carter himself started on foot for his home in Newport. After a day or two he was overtaken by Jackson - a North Caro liniau — who was on horseback, with a bundle of furs strapped to the horn of his saddle, bound for Newport, Rhode Islam! , to make sale of his furs, Think of it: 7O0 or 600 miles on horseback to sell 200 dollars, or 300 dollars, worth of furs ! What a journey ! But I won't moralize. Jackson, with genuine hospitality, Fee ing Carter's condition,- and learning his destination, proncsed to make him a companion, and alternate riding and walking with him; to which, of course, Carter gladly consented. So the- two jogged on together, and in mid-winter, in the afternoon, came to the home of Mrs. Coombs, a widow, who entertained them hospitably, and sent them on their way. It was a moonlight night; snow on the ground — for it was an old- fashioned winter - and bitter cold,° when Carter and Jackson reached the summit of Tower Hill, in sight of Newport. Jackson was on horseback, it being his turn to ride. Carter stooped down and picked up a stone. Jackson said, ' I hope you are not going to kill me.' But Car ter [struck him from the horse, and Jackson, though somewhat stunned, started to run. At that point of the stone wall where the date ' 1741' is inscribed, Carter overtook poor Jackson and killed him. Then he dragged the body down Tower Hill to a pond at the foot of it, and finding a hole in the ice, thrust the body of the hapless, generous Jackson through it, into the water beneath ; and, taking the dead man's horse and furs, pursued his way into Newport. This pond is about 300 rods to the north-west of the house in which Gover nor Sprague now lives. Time passed on. The spring opened, nud Rome negroes '.vent to fish in the pond in which Jackson's body was sunk. One of the hookB got entangled in the clothing, and the body was dragged to land. At that time there was a considerable settlement on Tower Hill, and court was in session there, and primitive Bho'de Islanders hod congregated from forty miles around. One of the negroes gave the alarm. The court adjourned, and judges, lawyers, and spectators hastened to sec the dead — among others, Mrs, Coombs. This good lady recognised Jackson by a button she had sewed npon his vest when he and Carter were at her house in the winter. The sheriff went to Newport, uud tu-re&ledtUe; imirderor wliile onrpBsing }i\b Gbild. He j confessed the crime, and described the circumstances of j it, and was hung and gibbetted near the spot where the . cruel murder was committed. But enough. All about j here are nuts for the curious. The locality is full of ! interest, and a visit here may always be amply repaid. [ 