LOCAL NEWS. I\7ow that the Martin Ministry are out of ollice it is to be hoped the new Cabinet will restore the hospitals of the country to their former footing. The late in is try seemed to think that they had done much to economise the expenditure of the country when they re duced Government aid to hospitals by one nail, wmie tne ministry maae new omces ior their friends, and squandered the monies of the colon}' in a variety of ways. It is estimated that they spent £20,0 00 on the Murray Border question, while the ' statistics' gathered in the live years were of iio value 3 3 Amoxg the principal items bv the English mail is the following : — ' English public opinion is totally against the policy of the Sydney Premier, and Lord Belmore's con duct is regarded with grave disapprobation.. The Daily Telegraph treats Sir James Mar tin's discomfiture as a punishment for his disparaging remarks about Mr. Gladstone, as being the arch destroyer of the empire. The Spectator thinks the dispute will hasten colonial federation, and perhaps cost New South Wales a valuable province.' So that Sir James Martin's policy is condemned by political writers of the highest position in the British Empire. The circulation of the Daily Telegraph is 170,000 daily. Unless Sydney governing authorities revise the policy of the late Premier towards Riverina, New South Wales (according to public opinion in Great Britain) is likely to lose a valuable province. Sir James Martin on his fall denounced the nrincinal classes in Biveiina- defied them to separate from New South Wales, and said that ' Riverina was as much a part of New South Wales as George-street, Sydney.' Of course we know this very well to be the case, but it must be born in mind, as we have before stated, that the Sydney Legislature is only the trustee of the public lands of the colony according to the present boundary ; the Crown has reserved to itself to ' alter boundaries,' we believe these are the exact words. Sydney may be able to retain Riverina probably for many years, but only by dealing fairly with the people hereof. If Sir James Martin or any headstrong foolish, overbearing man like him, should, insist on politically strangling us, or socially garrotting us, we shall have a struggle for it by-and-bye. All we ask is fair play to ' live, move, and have our being ' If we are legally as much a part of the colonv as George-street, Sydney, we must be treated as such. We should like to see Sir James Martin try to stop the people of George-street south from dealing with those of George-street north — then let the Knight walk up and down the thoroughfare-— the visit would prove a caution to him, which possibly he would not soon forget. 0 Arbest. — A man named Gray was arrested by the police at Hay last night, on ^suspicion of being one of the murderers of Sergeant Sutherland, at Cowra, about 1st May last. The Rev. S. A. Hamilton acknowledges, with thanks the sum of £25 from Joseph si'Gaw, Esq., of Burrabogie, as his subscrip tion to the building fund of the Presbyterian Church. Ghosts ! — A fail-correspondent sends us the following : — ' I am very fond of ghost stories, and the u coeying ' of Mr. Donohoe to the spirit who so unceremoniously gieeted him with the mystic ' Hie, Hie,' during his lonely drive lately — reminds me of an anec dote, which possibly may interest others nearly as much as it did myself, particularly as I know it to be a fact, and thoroughly well authenticated. As a rule, mj'selfj I am not a believer in Ghosts, but then 1 have never been fortunate enough to see one, still it is evident they exist, and that they are a very un mannerly race, and some pains should be taken to cultivate their friendship, and im prove their general behaviour, or iearn from them their secret grief — but I am diverging from my narrative : — Some years since two friends of mine (squatters) were, returning from their daily occupation to the home station, and on Hearing a dry swamp thev both exclaimed — Here's a traveller coming the wrong road ! The vision they saw re presented a man carrying his blankets on his back, but as he turned from tl;e path into the swamp on their approach, they rode after him with the intention of showing- him the proper direction ; on nearing the supposed traveller, one of my friends spoke to him several times, but not receiving any reply, raised his whip to strike the man — when to the intense horror of both gentlemen, the phantom assumed a cloud-like misty form, and vanished from their view. Many people have since visited the fcpot, but no clue to the. ghost's story has ever yet been discovered. — T. . Hay Beer. — The liquor which is now being brewed at the Hay Brewerv is com manding considerable praise from those who drink it. Mr. Simpson is intent upon pro ducing a first-class article, and does not spare the malt. As an illustration of the opinion of the travelling- public, many of the strangers who were in Hay at the last races, said that t.iey could not get a. glass of ale like it else where in the colony. Mr. Simpson to meet the increased demand has extended his pre mises, and has now capacious cellarage, needful for keeping beer good in hot weather. Auction. — Mr. Buttei-worth will sell a lot of furniture, nearly new, in the Standard Office building on Tuesday next. (See advt.) j 1 he partnership (it any) between Charles Williamson, and Matthew Herve^, in Yanu'a, iala, &c.;, Murrumbidgee district, was dissoved on l?ih ult. I he Murrumbidgee at Wagga was, on May 31, 4ft 9in above summer level and falling. At Hay, June oth, it is falling slowly, but still navigable. Received. — The Aurora, a monthly publi cation, has been forwaj-ded to us from a respec ted correspondent, with the following note : — I send, and beg to place under your notice. ! a little monthly, printed and edited by the j boys at the Brighton Park School. Many of i the articles are composition of the bo}-s, whilst j the selections show no small amount of tact in i editorship.' ' Land Office. — On Thursday last George Bennett selected 40 acres on Woolondool run. T. W. Simpson (a minor) by bis agent, selected 320 acres on Benduck run. James Arthur (a minor) by his father, T. Simpson, selected 168 acres on same run. Elizabeth Ann Simpson, 210 acres same run. Cameron Beaumont, 40 acres on Kerarburv run.' Roman Catholic. — His Lordship, Dr. Lanigan, the bishop of Goulburn, arrived at Hay on Thursday last, he was waited on by several of the notables of the town; and left again on Monday morning-. He celebrated mass every morning during his stay, and twice on .Sunday ,? he confirmed a number of young people. A meeting was held on Sunday after mass of the leading Roman Catholics of this district, when they determined to have a chapel built. A sub scription list was opened and about £150 were put down in the room. A collecting com mittee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. G. C. Loughnan, Wm sr'Evoy, ar. E. Maher, J. P. Curtain, J. F. Blake, Gormley, and Donohoe. Father O'Keefe and Mr Gormley were appointed joint Treasurers, the rev. gentleman to act as hon. sec. ?, the funds to be deposited in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, Hay. List of Unclaimed Letters lying at the Hav Post Office, for the weekending June 4th : — Mrs E. Aspinall, Henry Brook, R. Cassin, John Crisper, Mrs. Davies, W. Daly, W. Gaunt, S. Grant, W. D. Howarth, H. Herbert, F. G. Hawson (2), James Johnston, J. B. Kelly, J. Keating, Mrs. W. Murphy, Rupert Mason, D. M'Cleod, John Page, John Prendergast, James Sydenham, James Sly, J. Shaw, John S. Smith, Allan 'Stewart, Mrs. Tindale, Mrs. Thornton, George Ward, John Williams, S. Waraer. Postage and Duty Stamps on sale, R. S. Arnott, Postmaster. Hat Hospital. — Week ending June 4th. Admitted 2 ; discharged 0 ; died 0 ; remain ing in Hospital 12. 