THE LIFE OF CHARLES DICKENS. (from Ou Pall Mall Oautte.) No biography has ever taken its readers so much by surprise as Mr. Forster's life of Dickens. That early observation mnst have supplied Dickens with a great part of his wonderful knowledge of that struggling poverty trhich, as Mr. Forster truly says, ' is nowhere more vividly Bhown than iu the commoner streets of the ordinary London suburb,' nits plain. That he had intro aucea more recollections oi nu own me into David Qopperfield than into any other of his books was plain also. But the most careful and sympathising reader of this novel could not have guessed that the two most striking chapters ' in it were a mere ex tract from an unfinished autobiography written long before the fancy of David Cop perfield had even ' begun to take shape in his mind.' Considered iu connection witb the first and seoond chapters of Mr. Forster's life, these two chapters stand alone in literature. They are remarkable for the restrained passion which runs through them; for the wonderful keenness of insight which originally stored up the materials ; for the retentivenesa whioh could recall every memorandum made on the mind of a child of ten ; for the passionate self-commiseration .which underlies even the most humorous passages. They supply the foundation of parts of almost every book he has written. They serve to explain the limits by which his genius was marked off on all sides. They show that Diokens was never at his best except when describing scenes and characters which he had seen in his earliest childhood, or on whioh his childish fancy had been exercised. The same experience could not have had the same results if it had oome any earlier or any later in his life. If his father had been in the Marshalsea at the time of his son's birth, Diokens would not have had the same sense of having fallen from something better; and in losing this he would have lost that insight into the poverty he des cribee, whioh, while it requires absolute acquaintance with the thing described, re quires also an external etand point from which to survey it. To men born in rags as to men born in purple their surroundings oome too naturally to make much impres sion on them. If his father had kept out of the Marshalsea two or three years longer Dickens would never have had the same hopelessness of conviction that he was never to rise irom the degradation he so loathed and resented, and so would hare been less open to the impression it made on him. The iron that stamped his memory with every particular of the old house at Hungerford stairs was, and needed to be, an iron that'had first entered into his soul. It is a notioeable feature in tins fragment of autobiography that wherever It differs from the Version of it published ia David Qop perfield it differ* from it by being more wrought up. Most men having thus to deal with a chapter from their own life would have found it neoaseaty to dress it in more vivid colours, to make the feeling more in tense, to strive to excite in the reader's mind a stronger sympathy for tbe hero of the novel than could be created by unvarnished facts. Diokens felt oo such need. Wher ever the autobiography and the novel part company it is by reason of omissions or softenings down m the novel. It is worth while to compare a few passages. This ia David Copperfield speaking : — ' It is a matter of some surprise to me even now that I can hsve been so easily thrown away at inch an age. A child of excellent abilities, and with strong powers of observation, quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt bodily or mentally, it seams wonderful to me that no one should have made any sign in my behalf.' This is the autobiography : — - ' It is wonderful to me how I oould have been so easily cast away at snoh an age. It ia wonderful to me that even after my desoent into the poor little drudge I had been since we came to London, no one had compassion enough ou me— a ohild of singular abilities, quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt, bodily or mentally — to suggest that something might have been spared, as certainly it might have been, to plaoe me at any common school. * * * My father and mother were quite satisfied. They could hardly have been more so if I had been twenty years of -ige, distinguished at a grammar school and going to Cambridge.' Or take the sentence in which David Qop perfield describes his loneliness. 'From Monday morning to Saturday night I had no advloe, no counsel, no enoouragement, no consolation, no assistance, no support of any kind, from anyone that I can call to mind, as I hope to go to heaven. And com pare with it the parallel sentence in tbe autobiography. '£ suppose my lodging was paid for by my father. I oertaialy did not pay it myself; and I certainly had no otber assistance whatever (the making of my clothes, I think, excepted), from Monday morning until Saturday night. No advice, no oounael, no enoouragement, no consola tion, no support, from anyone that I oan call to mind, so help me God.' Again, in David Copperfield, the chapters which deal with hia life at Murdstone and Grimby'B are thus introduced I now approach a period of my life whioh I can never lose the remembranoe of irhile I remember any thing; and the recollection of whioh has often, without my invocation, oome before me like ghost and haunted happier times.' This retainB the purport of tbe correspond ing paragraphs m the autobiography ; but the details given in the latter oonvey a far stronger impression of the extremity of horror wbioh the recolleotion always awakened iu him : — ' Until old Hungerford market was pulled down, until old Hungerford stairs were de stroyed, and tbe very nature of the ground ohanged, I never had the courage to go baok to tbe place where my servitude began. I never saw it. I could not endure to go near it. For many years when I came to Robert Warren's in the Strand [the rival blacking warehouse] I crosse d over to the opposite side of the way to avoid a certain smell of the cement they pat upon the blacking corks, which reminded me of what I was once. It was a very long time before I liked to go up Ohandos-street. My old way home by the borough made me oiy after my eldest ohild oould speak.' [ There is something vindictive about his compassion for his ohildish self, something of that overmastering; sense of injustice which many men feel when they see present wrongs done to others and have no power to help them, but whioh few retain in regard to wrong done to themselves of whioh no traoe has remained by them. One instanos of this is his reference to his mother's wish that he should go back to the blackiug warehouse after his father had quarrelled with the proprietor. ' My mother set her self to aooommodate the quarrel, and did so the next day. * * * My^ father said I should go baok no more, and should go to school. I do not write resentfully or angrily, for I %now how all these things have helped to make me what I am ; but I never after wards forgot, I never shall forget, I never can forget, that my mother was warm for my being sent baok.' To those who look baok at the part played by Mrs. Dickens, it seems not unnatursl that a woman aoons tomed to difficulties of all kinds, having bnt j ust seen her husband set free from a debtor's prison, and probably thinking it quite ou the oards that he might soon return thither, should think it unwise to take a boy of twelve from an employment where he was at least earning 7s. a week. No doubt if she had known the value of the ohild she was dealing witb ehe would have judged differently ; but prophets of twelve are even less honoured in their father's house thau prophets of riper growth, and some allow anoe might have fairly been made for her blindness. Diokens, as ve have seen, make none. His relations to his father are another illustration of the same thing. That the elder Diokens was in any sense of the word a good father no one will believe. H' son probably presented him iu the best pos sible light when he said to Mr. Forster, ' Everything that I can remember of hia conduct to his wife, or children, or friends, in sickness or affliction, is beyond all praise.'1 But the care whioh was present when the objects of it were sick or sorry was wanting when they were wall. His description of his son's education — ' Why, indeed, air, ha ! ha !— he may be sud to have educated him self' — was strictly trua. Still this is hardly enough to explain the use his eon mads of him in fiotion. Mr. Mioawber is not an on amiable person, indeed the reader oontraota by degrees ^ considerable affection for h»«n of a oertain kind. Bat aooording to pre valent ideas, his is scarcely the portrait a son would like to hand down as axlife study of a father. _ Yet this is what Diokens *'»' dona. ' The interval between the sponging-hoUse and the prison,' says Mr. Forster, 'was passed by the sorrovful lad in running errands and carrying messages for the pri soner, delivered with swollen eyes and through shining tears; snd the lost words said to him by his &ther; before lie was finally carried to the Hlsii were to effect that the sun had set upon him foe ever. 'I really believed at the time,* said Diokens to me, - that they had broken my heart* He took afterwards ample revenge for this fobs alarm by tasking all the world laugh at them in Ovtid Oomacfisld. ' Oertaial/ ths rnngttM MBpM{ but ths r=sr- ' . — ? ? 'sorrowful lad' delivering his messages ' with sorrowful eyes and through shining tears,' is a more engaging picture than the same lad sitting down ia his famous and successful manhood to move thousands of expectant readers to laughter by the narra tive of his father's weaknesses. Micawber's reception of David on his first visit to the prison gives one a different impression when we read it in the autobiography thus: — ' My father was waiting forme ia the lodge, and we went up to his room (on the top story but on) and cried very much. And he told me, I remember, to take warning by the Marshalsea, and to observe that if a man had £20 a year, and spent £19 19s. 6d., he would be happy, but that a shilling spent , the otber way would make bim wretched.' If his father had no hand in sending him to J the blacking warehouse, it may be queB- j tioned whether Micawber would ever have been created, except in a few fragmentary touches distributed over various characters. It may seem ungrateful thns to look so ad mirable a gift-horse in the month, but in estimating Dickens' character this side of it cannot be left out of sight. In a much smaller way the reproduction of the Dora of his youth as the Flora of Little Dorritt is another example of the same tendency. 