A WORKING MAN'S VIEW OP THE "CRISIS."—No. 10. To the Editor of the Examiner. SIB,—This letter is also a. digression which I unwillingly make from the main subject of my communications, but find to be necessary in order to do justice not only to Mr Bartley, but to myself. I feel embarrassed how to reply to Mr Bartley's letter, published in your issue of 15tli instant, because it is so illogical, and so full of misrepresentations and misquotations that lean scarcely believe that he allowed himself to tliink. or at all events to reflect, before committing it to the press. Sir Bartley has admitted that "taxes upon aHy consumable commodity—spirits, tobacco, wiiie,&c.;—are paid eventually by those who use them" (see address to electors of Ringwood). In his letter of 15th instant he admits " all that' A Working Man' says as to the supply of tea and sugar by employers to their servants having been originally taken into consideration when arranging the amount of wages to be paid them ;" and then adds—"Yet my (Sir Bartley's) assertion remains untouched, that additional duties on the tea and sugar so supplied to them would be paid bv such employers without such servants wages being affected thereby." It will be observed here :—1. That Sir Bartley entirely shifts Iiis ground. 2. That he inserts the word originally, in the terms of my contention, as if Iliad admitted what he apparently assumes, viz.; that the contract between master and ser- vant is a continuing one, or at least permanently binding on the master. 3. That he ignores the fact that a master can determine the usual contract with his servant by a month's notice. 4. That he makes a new assertion without one particle of proof in support of it, viz., "that additional duties on tea and sugar would be paid by employers." 5. That he makes this assertion in the face of his own statement of an axiom in Social Economy, viz., 'that any tax upon con sumable commodities is paid eventually by those who use them, and in face also of the fact that employers may by a month's notice determine the contracts with their servants, and make new contracts, taking into consideration, when arranging the amount of wages, the additional duties on tea and sugar. 6. That lie ignores what is too notorious, viz., that employers have it in their power to cause the tax to be felt by their servants by supplying them with a lower priced and inferior tea and sugar, and thus escaping payment themselves, while the servants would thus actually pay all the additional revenue derived from the tea and sugar consumed by them. That this would be so in the majority of cases no one can doubt. Mr Bartley does not seem to consider that the supply of labor is not diminished by increased taxation (except in so far as the additional burden tends to drive labor from the colony), and that consequently the actual rate of wages cannot be enhanced thereby ; while it is certain that "a tax upon the necessaries iof life operates in exactly the same manner as a direct tax upon the wages of labour."—(See Adam Smith, Book V., chap ii., art. iv.) Mr Bartley has unintentionally misquoted my correspondent " X," and has thereby done him a great injustice. Mr Bartley's misquota- " X." really said: tio n - "I consume 18 lbs. 'X. asserts afamily of sugar a week, of ten persons, including children, who con sume on an average 20 lbs. of sugar a week, can be clothed. for 10Z each—per -or 11 annum. " It did not take 10/ to clothe my wife and children in the last year If one penny were put extra on'each pound.of sugar, Gd on each pound of tea, and 6d on each pound of coffee, according to my unavoidably large consumption I would be taxed in the year in the sum of 91 18s, which sum would clothe all my children well (boots excepted— they are colonial) for a year." Mr Bartley quietly ignores the fact that " X.,'' writing to me in reply t<b a request for information (from the heads of families as to what they expend annually upon tea and sugar, and what upon imported clothing), had referred in his letter to the cost of imported clothing, and had excepted boots (so large an item in family expenditure). He also ignores the fact that "X." stated he pur aliased the materials and that the clothing was made up in the family.- He also ignores the fact that no very large amount of new-material is required each year to clothe a lamily, as the old clothes are frequently renovated and re-made, so as to serve the turns of several children in succession. I can see nothing in "X's" statement to occasion surprise Mien it is fairly considered. What he reports °i his own household might be true of any other but decent, honest, and industrious family. Moreover','X" writes, that "moleskins have been much in demand for the last twelve ®ontlis, nor,in fact, any heavy imported slops." Ana in striking confirmation of this I would • aU attention to certain facts stated in a leadmg article in the. Mercury of the 19th ult. :— Mr Bartley's errors not only arise from profiling on an erroneous basis, but also from j^tual blunders in his arithmetic. The process y which he makes out a customs charge per »ead on the working classes of 11 5s 6d on their 'filing, is to estimate the cost at 171. per head u r a male and female, then to add 115s 6d to divi v Cd ' S lvm g a Product of 21 lis, and by filing by two a result of 115s 6d. The operam may be ^Senious and simple, but the re- 11 8 not convincing. Only in connection with this matter does Mr Bartley give us any clue to the manner in which he calculates the number of the working classes. He says that the cost of their clothing is 171 per pair, or 8110s per head,and the Package Duty each has to pay 115s 6d. Now as the total value of apparel and slops imported last year was only 14,151/, and the duty only 1,1332 2s, it follows that on the basis of the value of the goods, there are in Tasmania only 1665 people of the working classes, and on the basis of Customs duty, only 888 destined to wo r * for then- living. Happy Tasmania ! " Mr Bartley proceeds to make the following extraordinary assertion—"It must not,however, tten that if the revenue x«ii°n?n were increased ±-14,000 per annum by the suggested increased duties on tea and sugar, the working classes, so far as that amount would extend, would be relieved from any additional taxation." Here we are again in the Devonshire lanes, going round and round and round upon the old footmarks. I am glad to see that Mr Bartley withdraws his suggestions to increase the duties on tea and sugar, and honor him for his manliness in doing so. He grounds his withdrawal upon the disfavor with which any suggested increase of duties is regarded by the working classes ; but the -working classes base their opposition to any such increased duties upon the principles of eternal justice. They ask no favor, but they demand justice—equality of taxation. Sir Bartley is prepared to recommend that, should any additional taxation be required, it should be derived from an increase of fixed duties upon spirits, tobacco, and -wine only; supplemented, if absolutely necessary, upon the abolition of Package Duties by an ad valorem, duty upon imports which would not then be subject to any duty. In this he approximates to the advanced opinions of those great statesmen who in a measure control the Imperial fisc. In a paragraph in your issue of the 1st inst., under the heading "Doom of the Customs in England," it was stated in an extract from The Grocer that "The Lords of the Treasury are said to have come to the conclusion that, in a year or two, no duties will be levied upon anything save tobacco, wine, and spirits." When this occurs there will be accomplished what Bright has long striven to effect, viz., that every man in England shall have a free breakfast table. And if they are to have this even in heavily taxed England, should we not have it also in Tasmania 1 Sir Bartley's approach to what the working classes want almost tempts them to cry out, " Come over and help us ;" for they feel that his sympathies are with the cause of justice, although they see that by erroneous reasoning he has sometimes been led to advocate a system opposed to their political rights. Mr Bartley says—"'A Working Stan' reproaches me with not endeavoring to get the duties payable upon imported sheep and cattle abolished." Let me state that " A Working Man " uttered no such reproach, unless indeed it could be conveyed in these words—"'X.' would probably feel more grateful to Sir Bartley if the latter would address himself to the task of getting the taxes on imported sheep and cattle abolished, rather than those on slop clothing." What I added might properly be construed to mean that Mr Bartley had been passive, and deriving advantage from the imposition of the taxes mentioned ; and I deeply regret that I should have done him an injustice even in this respect; for his solitary and emphatic remonstrance, to which he lias called attention (see Launeeston Examiner, August, 1871), against these faxes, is alike honorable to him as a politician as well as a lover of justice. Nothing can be added to the force of his remarks on this subject, and I am only sorry that I should have forgotten the appearance of his letter, which possibly suggested the very views and reasons in support of them which I have been advancing. Sir Bartley says, following - up the quotation from the letter of August, 1871, "I hope this denouncement will tend to convince even "A Working Stan," that I am not that contemptibly selfish individual he represents me to be—who would retain for my own benefit a tax upon meat," &c.; Now this is too hard upon me, for I did not so represent Sir Bartley either in express or implied terms. He might have said so with some appearance of justice if he had shown that I had put forth that he knew what was right but had not practised it. 1 assumed, but, as it turns out, erroneously, that he did not know what was right and had consequently been passive ; while he shows clearly that he not only knew what was right, but did all in his power, and more than any other man in the community, to prevent a wrong. I hope I have now made the amende honorable. Sir Bartley again contends that in paying local police rates the inhabitants of Launeeston and the country contribute indirectly to the general revenue, and pronounces any assertion or argument to the contrary an absurdity ; and further in support of such dictum, introduces an imaginary poll of the inhabitants, showing a clear majority of 10,357 against me, the supposed single representative of the absurdity. I must repeat my answer to this, almost in the words of J. S. Still—" Besides the general taxes of the State, there are in all or most countries local taxes to defray any expenses of a public nature which it is thought best to place under the control or management of a local authority." May I ask whether it has not been thought best , to place the Launeeston police under the control or management of a local authority? and whether, therefore, the-tax for_ its maintenance should not be local 1 It boots not, therefore, for Sir Bartley to say that " the whole cost of police protection must otherwise be paid for from the general revenue." There is no must about it, unless in the other direction for if the expenditure is properly a subject for local administration, as I have proved, the tax must be local also. I am content to go to the poll on this as well as on the tea and sugar question, with tliis reservation— that 1shall object to Sir Bartley being returning officer. Mr^Bal n Iey mis( l u °tes me as follows :— «<<f«r " A Working Man" '"A WorkingSlan' wrote— says I assume laurels "Sir Bartley conto myself for the intro- eludes by falling back auction of the Real upon the laurels he Property Act, and, earned in obtainingthc mirabile dict.u, denies introduction of the that it has conferred Real Property Act any boon upon the that great boon to the poorer classes." poor man, &c.; I do not know_ what the poor man in particular has .„ , gained by that act." You will observe that I do not say that Sir Bartley has assumed laurels to himself. I said nothing so undeserved or impertinent. He is one of the last men I would accuse of assumption of any kind. I honestly think that he deserved the good opinion of the colonists for his earnest and unselfish advocacy of the Real Property Act, and that he may fairly take the credit whic.i a large number of persons unhesitatingly give him for the introduction of the act. Yet I do not hww what the poor man IN PARTICULAR has gained by that act; and I cannot help following in the wake of Staine and others, whose opinions are entitled to weight, and regarding any such measure as a spurious and not a radical reform—as an empirical and superficial treatment of a disease in our system of land tenure, which has its roots far deeper than those would-be reformers have dreaint who, in ignorance of the real nature of the complaint, have thought they were effecting a cure, while they were only treating the symptoms. Unfortunately, however, there are qaucks m legislation as well as in the healing art. Again, Mr Bartley says that on a former occasion I advocated Succession Duties. This is a mistake : I have never throughout these letters advocated Succession Duties, although I consider them a less objectionable means of raising a revenue than duties on tea and sugar. Lastly, Mr Bartley is confirmed in his opinion that I am no real 'working man.' What does he think I. am, then ? A ghost of a working man ? Even though I be, I shall not haunt him. But perhaps you can assure him that I am not a spectre, that I am real, in the sense of having < flesh and bones,' and also, that I am, as I subscribe myself, A WORKING MAN. Launeeston, October 16. [This letter has been unavoidably held over some little time from the pressure of other matter.] 