Soas interest and doubtless some amuse ment has boon created by attempts to classify the members returned to the now parlia ment. The two most notable instances are oontained in lotters signed "An Eloctor" and" Another Elector" which will he found elsewhere in to-day's issue of this paper. Another communication signelod "A Third Party" objects to arbitrary olassificstions.,of this nature, and points out that the promises ..giyen by candidates ought not to be taklen ::as a gulde to thoir course, in parliament, because the intordsts of the country may demand that thoes promises should not be Sobservied. These several letters are geonerally at;' trbited to three of our leading'poli tioians, Mr. Parkes being sot down as An Elector, Sir James 'Martin as Another Elec tor, and Mr. Forstor as A Third Party. Whether the supjsositiona as to th6 iuthor : eli of'these letters tire or are not correct is of litte imrportanco% .Disoualsionslike those iniul?o ius may amuse and porh rps on Slightaen and i. bout a month's time it will be ,-plain enough pSpw;.honorable members will Srange thlomsbelves at the outset. Midantime ,: -itwould certainly appear that the ministers , have had ell the worst of tl?ielootions. They . say to thoe Assembly in effect, " we, not you, represent thb opinion of the public; an?,wo and you 'alike shall test this by an actual appeal to the country;" whereupon to the sountry they go, and only one-half of thoeru selves are re-olocted. They mightbo excused perhaps for hoping that if here and there a supporter woro rejected they might gain esupportin other quarters; but how does the matter stand whoh they are rejected them selves ? The ministry goones to the country; and the ministry never comes back-for surely the ministry consists of the whole, niofjo f Ih half, of its members. +Oon se?inJ?y at the proesnt moment, living under a government supposod to be reospoisn sible and where the ministers are supposed ' to consist of members of one or other house : of parliament, we actuially have three out of -a' the seven ministerial offices filled by gentleo e?n who do not hold seats in parliament at ' all, and who-the elections being over c .:annot possibly now gain seats in the Srepresentative branch. The proper course would have beeoon for these gentlemen to .have resigned on being defeated-unless "n-deed their colleagues had chosen to ap .. point them.all.to seats in the Upper House -an extreme stop no doubt, but one less nnconstitutional, than the alternative that seems to havoeheen adopted of our having Sministers who-do not belong to parliament at all. One or two ' extraordinary things crop tiup during the correspondence above referred to. It' seems that one honorable member is counted oni by one party as being a sulp porter of the ministry. Now this hlonorable member said in the plainest manuer and with an emphasis which could not be smis taken that he was an opponent of the pro .. sent ministry and would support a vote of censure if such were moved. If it be from snobh expressions as these that men are taklen to be supporters of the ministry, it appiears to us that a new system of reasoning must have been lately invented, with the workig, of which we are as yet happily unacquainted. If it be admitted that this now method is the oorroect one, then doubtless the ministry will be found to have a majority. B3ut in the ' absence of instruction in this noew mnlthod of reasoning, when an honorable member says he is an opponent of the ministry we profer Sto believe that he cannot properly be classed as a supporter; and whou he tells his constituents that hie will support a vote of censure upon them, we prefer to bolieve that She will not be found particularly anxious to retain them in power. But hero the ingenious theory of A Third Party comes to the aid of the ministry. According to this writer "no political promise is binding upon any public man to whom it is ascribed against (or otherwise than is consistent with the public interest." The word "ascribed" seems to be hIere used in error, andi it is desirable to point this out lest the meaning of the wiitur ohould be mistaken. No ono.can ie bound by under takings " asoribed" to him; they must actually be mado. The rest of A Third Party's letter however leaves it perf.ctly clear that the use of the word was but a slip of the pen. According to his theory then it may ie quite possible for a man to d-latro himself to be an opponent of the mitistry and yet becomno their warm esupportor, cdl to promise to ilo his best to unseat them and yet afterwards by his votoe keep the:a in their plinces. We aciknrowledge that a man may be mis taken; bitt when lie ihas prolperly studlied politics-and no man who bihas niot hlas a right to enter public lifo--it will be but seldom that he will change his opinion, and theno lie will be able to show satisfactory reasons for having done so. VWhoiu such a change lies really conscienttiously taken place, it may become a question with some lwhethler they hiould vote, as they uimlistikabsly and with out sliclitation promised to vote, in a manner which they now believo to be contrary to the interests of the country, or lwhether they should break their promises and vote in accordance with what they now believe to be the interests of the country. But the qcjues tion will not arise at all with a rightly constituted mind. Our contemporary the Empiire thus puts the case: If a candidate hts been elected because the electors relied on his diliberats and express promiso to pur sue a certain line of conduct, san he finds that he cannot ptreuo that coaurse without injury to his country, thie only honourablo path for him is to resign a trust wlich he caniot fulfll. In consider ing the public good, a representatlive of the piople is bound to consider not only the expedioncy of each proposed course in relation to a question on which nclion is to be taken, but the influence of his own conduct.on public soutiment. The rsnuneilation or neglect of a promise is in itself an evil; snd an example of disregard for a plodge may hbe in its ulti mate conasequences much more hurtful to tho com munity than a vote contrary to sound reasons of public economy. It may therefore happen a mornm her of parliament to he in a position in which the fulailment of his promise would te a publio injury, and the non-fulfilmont of it a still groseter injury, In such a casO his only honest course is to acknow ledge that he has mnade an imprudent promise, and that, as he cannot retain his position in honour with out fulfilling it, he is bound to resign his seat. There can be no doubt that this view of the matter will be endorsed by every honorable minded man who gives the suaject consider ation. But we are afraid we have not beeoon quite so clear in our argument as we could have wished. We have spokeln of "the ministry." But havo we a ministry at the present time ? Constitutionally we fear not: We may have the miserable moiety of a ministry perhaps; but as half a horse is not a horse at all, as half a committee is not a committee at all, so the moiety of a ministry is not a mninistry at all. We are supposed to have seven ministers: but three of them are politically defunct. If therofore we admit that we have ministers at all, we are forced to the con clusion that tthey are dead ones-that the country now is ruled by a gliostly conclave who to a few admiring mediums appear to wear the somblauco of a minister fe or works, a minister for lands, and a solbitor-genoeral; but who nevertheless are dead to all politi cal intents ahd purposes. SPi-rhlaps the admiring mediums as afore eaid will toll us that the gentlemen alluded to will by-and-by show us that they are not do 1. WVell, resurgai is written over many a tomb, though thie present occupant is as dead as a door-nail. The aforesaid ghostly conclave dug their own graves; their con stituents buried them with hilldue glee and rejoicingse and appointed successors to their vacant eabate in the Assembly. That they may ariseo.again is possible; ,but meantimo they aieo abeqlutely dead. The strangest thing-and it'would be veryfunny if it were not rather cbstly--is that these dead men somehow or other continue to driiwealaries from the public purse just as when they were alibe. 'This is all that distinguishes them from-the ghosts we read of in many a tale and istdry';:and we must confess that thi. distinction is in favour of the poor ghosts who give us their services gratuit ,ojslhy :rthe?y t.liquin favour of those who insist on being paid for performing functions that dead tionii have no right to attempt. 