PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP OF ' ADELAIDE. On Friday evening,' June 28, being the eve of St. Peter's Day, a full choral service, in com memoration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the consecration of Dr. Short'to the Enisconate of Adelaide, was; held in Christchurch, .North Adelaide. The harmonium from St. Paul's Church was placed between the north and south transepts, and the two front pews in each tran sept were set apart for the Choir. The service, which consisted of the ordinary evensong, with an anthem 'and special psalms and lessons, commenced at 7.30 with a voluntary, during which the St. Paul's Church choir in surplices, entering at the west door, walked in procession up the north aisle, and took their places, while the following clergymen in surplices .and academic hoods entered at the north door, and proceeded to the chancel:— Revs. Hartley Wil liams and J. C. Haynes (Deacons), Revs. F. Williams, M.A., W. Scott, R. B. Webb, M.A., C. W. Morse, B.A., J. M. Donaldson, J. L. Smith, B.A., W. H. Mudie, A. Honner, H. M. Pollitt, T. J. Smyth, M.A., Richardson Reid, Thomas Field, M.A., J. Pollitt, S. Green, W. W. Ewbank, and Caaon Dove, the Yery Rev. Dean Russell, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., and the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Canon Farr intoned the service, and the Choir led the responses— the Confession and the Lord's Prayer being in vocal and the Creed in instrumental harmonies by Hopkias. The versicles were by Tallis, and the canticles by Ebdon in C. The 'Magnificat' and 'Nunc Dimittis' were also from Ebdon in C. Tho Choir, which led the congregation throughout in a devout capable manner, reflected great credit upon their organist and leader, Mr. Geo. Oughton. The Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M.A., read the fiist lesson, and the Rev. S. Green the second. The special psalms selected were the 132nd, 133rd, 134th, and 13Sth. The anthem, Clarke Whitfield's, 'In Jewry is God known,' was well sung by the Choir, especially the quintette and the final chorus, 'There brake He.' Before the sermon Hymn 323, Hymns Ancient and Modern (Appendix), was sung, and after the sermon Hymn 325 from the same collection. Archdeacon Marryat proached tho sermon on Psalm exxii. 6th and following verses: — 'Pray f«r the peace of Jerusalem; they shall prosper that love thee. Peace be within thy walls, and plenteousness within thy palaces. For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, peace be within thee. Yea, because of the Lord our God, I will seek to do thee good.' He said — It is a great blessing to be capable of a high and holy impulse; to act for the time as the spirit prompts in kindness and liberality and self-denial, without any appeal to reason, and on no other grounds than the instantaneous flash of an approving conscience. It was thus that saints of old in many cases showed their devotion. There was that in them that responded at once to the touch of the Spirit of God. They acted rightly, and did good spontaneously. Not less is the blessing derived from the retrospect of what is thus done when we find our reason agrees with, our conscience approves of, the impulse, and is grateful for the inspiration which has perhaps carried us beyond our ordinary selves. It is, I would hope, with some such feelings as these that we are now met together. Following a good impulse, we have resolved to commemorate the 25tb anniversary of the consecration of tho first Bishop of the Diocese. Let us hope that on reflection we shall find that what we have done is, in God's providence, more than we intended; that in thinking of the past we are providing for the future; that by our progress and action on this Eve of St. Peter's the hands of our Bishop may be strengthened to rule, and feed the sheep and lambs of the fold; and that the pastoral staff which is to be pre sented to him may be like the rod in the hands of Moses — the symbol of that divine power which released God's people from slavery. Certainly this anniversary, small comparatively as it may be in itself, is significant of great thought both in the past and future tor the Bishop and for ourselves. The preacher then alluded to the state of the Church in the colonies at the time of the consecration of the first four colonial bishops in Westminster Abbey 25 years ago, and to its growth in South, Australia since that time. The Church had, thanks to the efforts of that noble Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, aided by the liberality of that lady whose name was in all the Churches, fairly entered \ipon the foundation of those numerous colonial bishoprics iu all parts of the world. She had, to use the language of DolHnger, ' as much outwardly extended as inwardly strengthened herself.' To be. the chief pastor of a diocese numbering thousand?, who, while they respected authority, claimed the utmost freedom of conscience, was no doubt a high honour. To be in its full sense the founder of this diocesan Church was no doubt a still higher honour. The Saxon Church had many eminent Bishops, but only one St. Augustine. The Archdeacon then addressed himself more particularly to the clergy, stating this was a daj of deep rejoicing, and praying that it might be one of special outpouring of the Spirit upon them. They should feel joyful at the occasion, but not make it a subject for idle boast. They should rather let their thoughts nerve them to increased diligence, more earnest study, and more frequent prayer, that by Christian grace they might be enabled to carry on more effectually the work of Christ's Gospel. Laymen, too, should feel stirred up by this solemn occasion, for they, too, had a vocation and ministry. The Church was a body in which no one member was useless. Let one and all see that they fulfilled their part, bearing their share of the burden. In conclusion he observed that all present on that occasion should strive earnestly to take an active and prayerful part in the joint labour which belonged to the Bishop, clergy, and laity in common. At the conclusion of the sermon an offertory was made, which willbe devoted to the Cathedral Building Fund. The Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M.. Lieutenant J. A. FereTisson. and Mr. F. Wicksteed, Registrar of the Diocese (the Presentation Committee), then took up positions at the altar rail, the Rev. Hartley Williams bore the new staff from the vestry, and the Very Rev. Dean Russell, stepping forth before the Bishop, said — My Lord, I am desired by the clergy and laity of this diocese to pre sent to your Lordship the following address: — 'To the Right Rev. Augustus, by divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. 'We your faithful clergy and laity desire, on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your Lordship's consecration to the Episcopal office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the mercy which has spared you so long to occupy your place as chief pastor of this diocese. During a quarter of a century you have maintained in the midst of your flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of various and most unwearied labour; the contrast between the present condition of our Church in South Australia and what it was in 18i7 affords abundant and substantial proof that your labour has not been in vain in the Lord. Instead of the four clergy of 1847 we have now 35, and instead of the five original churches there rare now 67, besides school rooms and temporary buildings for worship. But you have survived many of your best fellow workers. You now miss from your side many men by whose affectionate spirit your own was often cheered, and in whose ready co-operation you found your heart lightened of its constant burden of care. In the roll of our clergy some, names will no longer be found which were most highly honoured in the earlier as' welf as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding of a Divine Voice which called them to 'Come up higher.' And amon£ the laity in our various assemblies yourf eye will now seek in vain ..for' some trusty comrades, and advisers, especially of those belonging to tha energetic band of early colonists — they have gone before, as we trust to make ready to welcome us when our turn comes ' to go hence.' Thus during your Episcopate new and holy links hafebeea formed between, the members of the Church here on earth and .the blessed company of the faithful in heaven. It is with feelings of deep solemnity, as well as of fervent gratitude concerning them that have * fallen asleep,' that we believe you will join with us in the retrospect of a history so full of sacred meaning and interest. : : ,. ; ' Congratulating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts naturally revert to your diligent fulfilment in the midst of tho congregation of the ministrations specially appertaining to the office of Christ's pastor.. But above all we con- . template you as the head of the whole diocese— as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how per severingly you have laboured to assign to them, their proper sphere of influence and duty. You have not Deen content to be ' a lord over us,' but have called us to take our proper part in the general work of helping you * to set in order' all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, long survive as the best monument of yourEpiscopate. It has already created parochial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission ana Home Mission Funds, and led to the establish ment on a satisfactory basis of a Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund. Your Lordship was called to the charge of the diocese, in which you had to contend with peculiar and what must have seemed at the time unexampled difficulties. But you have effec tually vindicated the Church from the reproach of being unable to*do its work except in depen dence on State support. Above all, we rejoice that in this diocese you have been enabled to show to us all so clearly that in all matters affecting the regular ministration of religion the interests of the clergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised this thty have practically shown in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which is likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its attempts to give permanency to existing ministrations. As another evidence of the spirit of co-operation thus created, it has been your Lordship's happiness to live to see the walls of your Cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be completed by your being permitted ere long to consecrate some portion of it to the holy uses for which it is designed. This review of your Episcopate cannot properly close without adverting to the interest you have always shown in behalf of an education at once Christian in its spirit and duly respecting the consciences of others. The noblest of this is the Collegiate School of St. Peter, which under the present principal and able staff of masters hai taken the foremost place among the educational institutions of the colony. Last of all, suffer us to say that the Church over which you preside has ^ mainly through your efforts attained a singular privilege, inasmuch as it has formed an institution, now self supporting, for the Christianization of the native population, whilst among our settlers it alone has extended its ministrations to the remotest places of the bush. Such ministrations have extended in the south-east to the Victorian border, in the west to Streaky Bay, and in the north to the districts lying within communication with Mount Re markable and Port Augusta. In long and fatiguing journeys your Lordship not only pre pared tho way for such sustained efforts, but again and again supplied the place of the mis sionary clergy when some stress of circumstances had occasioned their temporary withdrawal. In the same spirit in dealing with the vice and misery which are unhappily incident to life in our larger towns, you in the work of the Female Refuge and other benevolent institutions set an example which good Christians of different com munions have gladly followed. 'But not any loDger to dwell on particulars, it must be a matter of deep thankfulness to every member of our Church that in our first Bishop we have had ono to whora has been granted so long a term of life, an«i who through his whole Episcopate has so constantly fulfilled the Apos tolic injunction, 'Feed the flock of God as much as in you lies, taking the oversight, not by constraint, but willingly.' ' It docs not become us to criticise or praise your Lordship's public and official proceedings; but the act in which we arc now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have f ulniled. your vocation in the spirit of those words of St. Peter. We thank God for you, and with you that your assembled clergy and laity can thus, on the eve of a feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind and with grateful feelings in such a declaration. We trust you may still bo spared for a long time to maintain your place under the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God. ' And we pray you to accept from us, as a sign of our filial reverence, and as a symbol of your office, this pastoral staff. ' We are y.our Lordship's faithful and dutiful clergy and laity. 'For the subscribers, 'A. Russell, ' Chairman of the Committee.' When he had read the address, the Dean said— The persons taking part in this act of reverence and affection include members of our Church in all parts of the diocese. Their names are not hero appended, because daily new names are being forwarded from distant places; but so soon as a complete list of the signatures has been obtained it will bo forwarded to your Lordship. In the meantime I have to ask you to regard myself, as Chairman of the Com mittee, as representing the subscribers. The Bishop then, holding the staff aloft, said — This pastoral staff, with which you, my brethren of the clergy and laity, have been pleased to honour my services of 25 years in the Episcopate, is an emblem of the office and duties of a Bishop not less expressive than appropriate. It is at once the symbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts the thoughts from earth to Heaven; and thence carries them back to the wilderness of this world, in which the flock of Christ, purchased with His own biood, the special objects of God's oare, is still wander ing. It speaks, therefore, ' to the inner ear devout' of faithfulness t® the Chief Shepherd; of self-sacrifice; of love and tender care; of vigilance and boldnes in defence of His sheep, for whom He laid down His life; of the 'ready mind' to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy lucre, or that more suble sin, the love of power, and dominion over God's heritage. Thia staff, then, is the symbol of a responsibility awful in its nature, and vast in its extent. It is a teacher, not of mide. but humility : not of boasting, but self-abasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of self reliance, but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dire I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that 'it is a small thing to be judged of man's judgment.' I accept it never theless as a token of your good-will. If, to use the language of our Ordination Service, I have been among you as 'a shepherd, not a wolf ;' if I have fed and not devoured the flock; if I have in any measure 'holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken ; if I have brought again the outcast, and sought the lost,' I thank God in this behalf; and I pray that ' the blood of souls,' perhaps, through my negligence, .' .„ 'Lost to be found no more,', may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is difficult:: indeed to be ' so merciful as not to be too remiss; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of mercy.' It only remains, therefore, that I should ask your prayers and the prayers of this congregation, as well as of the ' brethren' in the diocese at large, that ' our merciful Father may so endue' me to the end of my days ' with the Holy Spirit,' that preaching His word I may be earnest to reprove, beseech, and rebuke, with all patience and doctrine ; and also be to such as believe a wholesome example in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. That so fulfilling my course, I may at the latter day receive the crown of righteousness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the' Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. . , This reply was delivered with deliberate arid impressive emphasis. It 'was evident that the Bishop spoke under feelings of deep emotion, and in more than one passage he rose to an. eloquence' almost passionate— notably in that portion of his reply which bore reference to the circumstances under which he accepted the token of reneration from his flock. At the close of the address the congregation united in the ' Te Deum,' which had been ex cellently arranged by Mr. George* Oughton, and was sung to the 8th Gregorian Tone, 1st ending. The service was brought to a close by a short prayer, and the benediction pronounced by the Bishop. During the collection of the offertory Mr. Oughton played as a voluntary an Arietta from H&ydn;'i Op. '37, and closed with the ' Gloria in Excekis,' from Mozart His Ixcellencj the Qovoroor and tha Private Secretary occupied ft.fisat ia the chancel, *ni the church was crowded to excess, seaU having to be arranged along the aisles. \- The staff, which is the workmanship of Mr. Steiner, of Rundle-street,is made of South Aus tralian blackwood, and is Sfoefr 7 inches long. At the top of thestaffis anetabbratelychased hook of Gothic design, in which is the figure of St. Peter holding the proverbial keys. Both the figure and the crook are of colonial silver, and are studded with amethysts, topazes, and garnets, rich in colour and brilliant in effect. In the centre of the staff there is a handsome silver band, chased and beautifully set with precious stones. It: can be taken to pieces (for conve nience in travelling) and enclosed in a cedar case, on the lid of which is a silver cross under a silver, plate bearing an inscription. The out line of the design was by Mr. Yfoods. 