A VICTORIA!? SELECTOR'S TROUBLES. ? Our Victorian correspondent Las on several occasions drawn attention to. the hard case of, Mr. John Egari, a farmer near Merino. He has now himself pub lished a narrative of his troubles addressed to his " fellow land selectors" which has been sent to us with a request for publication. It runs as follows: "I suppose it will be in the memory of the whole of you what I suffered from i the decision of the Bench of Magistrates at Digby (for impounding Mr. Henty's sheep)-how they decided against me and in favor of Mr. F. Henty because I did not bave a sheep-proof fence all round my paddocks, although, at the time, I had no sheep. - You all know that the poundlreeper's fees alone came to £92, and that I got nothing for Henty's sheep repeatedly and yearly destroying corn crops. You all know I had to pay the Digby Police Court costs (£5). You all know how F. Henty summoned me to the Hamilton County Court, and how Judge Clarke decided that I must pay back Henty his £92,,and also tlie-costs of the County Court, which were £42. Besides my own lawyer'B.costs and my own expenses, the appeal to Melbourne cost me some £500. So much for a poor selector impounding a wealthy squatter's sheep said sheep left half of their time without a shepherd, and trespassing on my cultivated land. It will be in the memory of the whole of-you that Mr. Eobert Yagg impounded some of my sheep not very long ago in : the Merino Pound, and laid 6d. per head trespass on them. How/as Vagg's fence was much, worse on the average than mine, I summoned him to the Police Court-same as Henty summoned me for illegally impounding, he not having a substantial sheep-proof fence. But lo and behold you! our worthy Police Magistrates, Messrs. J. P. Hamilton and Silvester, decided that Va£g did not require a sheep-proof fence-that two rails were quite enough; so I had to pay Court costs again and impounding fees. Now, Mr. Editor,'I leave it to you and the public at large. Which of these two Police Magistrates gave a wrong or right decision against me P It is evident that' one of them was wrong. Time passed on until the lltli and 12th of June, 1871, when a large flock of P. Henty's weaners-some 4,300 in number -was left without a shepherd (the shep hord getting drunk). The sheep came into my cultivation paddock, got mixed with my few sheep, and I had to keep them in my paddock for 24 hours on that account. Of course, all my grass and corn was trampled down. When Mr. Henty came and claimed the sheep, rather than impound them we came to the understanding that they were to be driven to his home station, and there counted out, and that I was to make a demand of 6d. per head trespass-same as the Bench compelled me to pay Vagg. But when the sheep were counted out, and payment demanded, Mr. F. Henty refused to pay anything. I went to Casterton next Court day to obtain a summons, but our worthy Police Magistrate-Mr. J. P. Hamilton-would not grant me one, as the amount was over £20, and so, on the recommendation of this P.M., I took the case to the County Court. In due time the case came on for hearing, but lo and behold I Judge Hackett would not take the case without a jury, and so it was postponed till the nest sitting of the Court. Ifext Court day duly came round and my case was again postponed (Mr. Henty being engaged elsewhere prosecut ing the wool stealers.) Last Court day my case was : again brought* on for hearing, and I was nonsuited (with costs, of course) because-I brought the case into the wrong Court. - The costs (omitting my own and my lawyer's) amounted to some £25, which I had to pay. iNow, I ask you, Mr. Editor, and the public, who is to blame for that £25 costs P Certainly, only the P.M. who refuse'd me a summons in the first in stance. After being nonsuited at the. County Conrt, Hamilton, I applied again to our worthy P.M. for another summons against Henty, for I was at a loss to conceive why it was I could get pro tection nowhere. Our P.M. promised me a summons when- at Merino hut distinctly told me that bo would not hold himself or his clerk responsible for" the wording of it-that if there was a word wroag in the wording of the summons he \tduld dismiss my case; so a gentleman came and 'watched the filling in of the summons. Through some delay in Grarton's office, the summons was not served. on Mr.'Henty in time, and Mr Meek, who appeared for Mr. Henty, asked to have the' case postponed on that account. His request, however was not granted, and the case was opened. But another point was then raised by the opposing counsel, viz., who struck the Merino . Pound rates ? To get this information the case had to be postponed. The case came on again, and was again postponed-this time, to the; 11th, of July, 1872-in order to. ascertain by what authority I charged Mr; Henty 6d. per head on his sheep. On the 11th of July, the case was once more'brought on for hearing. All my- witnesseswere present; proved that I had a £<J.od sheep-proof fence bp.tween'xny.land and Mr. Henty's, as.well as a gdod substantial cattlo-proot fence all-round my other pndtlocksi All. through' the case our worthy M.P. tried liard to make light of my witnesses' evidence, .'ltovrever, Mr. Editoiv our play ended \vith the case -being dis missed-dismissed, because. tlfe. word " sixpence" was- not embodied in the wording of .the summons. Now, why did not those worthy magistrates give Mr. .Vagg all this . troujile ;before they compelled, mo. to pay Him^Sd.per h,ead . for ; my .sheep ? ; Tlie^^was question .there :who struck the1; pQijind rates;only Egan you; must; pay and.Court costs; 6d.;*per heactjs little enough. So much for our paid. Police, Magistrate. :, ;'. lSTo\Y, Mr. Editor, what am I to doHvith: this "wealthy man's sheep ? ' They'" have been.destroying my crops for the last ten years-; they are Iialf of their time without a shepherd-; the fence is. broken down and the sheep are driven in. To im-, pound this wealthy" man's sheep is»wK crime ; to drive them home, like poor McMason, is a crime; if I give the sheep to old Henty, his son, or his oyerseeiy , and demand trespass, I commit a crime. ,What am I to do? Must I take the mur derer's bludgeon and become an outlaw because our paid",magistrate will not grant me the ,same protection as they grant my more wealthy, neighbours ? Devour, im pound, do' anything you can, ti> the poor .selector's steep, but oh ! never, never ;.meddle with a wealthy squatter's sheep, even though, you fipd them trampling down your crops, more especially should the squatter be a J.P. and in the habit of entertaining P.M.s and their ladies, for you have not the ghost of a chance with him.. But if you are a poor selector, andv have a few sheep, you can impound, and that too without a s"heep-proof fence but, take warning by your persecuted neighbor." 