THIS DEVIL IN BRISBANE. . - TlTE following umtiain; ooso was tried at ths law sessions, Brisbxno :— DBsMOND T vitTS. T itj«»s nn action for £15 of personal injuries Tub piiiintiu' was Jeremuh U^sinuud labourer^ residing in Lower Qlashoen, and the .defendant was Mr. B itty the propriutor of the. oirous performing in Grront Georgs-atre't. The process stated t— ' Tlio plaintiff oluiins £15 damages for Io3i», injuries, nnd damages susluinod by the plaintiff through caroleasueis, negligenoo and mismanagement of tlie defendant, he having in hia circus in Grout Goorg,-straet a oartain animal oulled a camel, hia .property,- which ?niinil h*, in tha inunth of Onoein'mr, 1S71 negligently and etrel-aaly permitted and suffered to eaoapa and brsuk from the. said oirous, ? and wander about the streets and up to lower. GHisheon rond, where said Ilia pumel di I foroe its way into pininlifTs liousn, RnH there injure, knock down, and b'uiso pnintiff by which injustice ho hai boon put to expeiia.and loss of time. ... ? i Mr. H-t-e« for tho plaintiff, and Mr. J.T. O'Ojnnell for the defeiidant. Ths plaintiff, on being examined, deposed ? tin* ui. a.* i o.Mj' uoti.ia vuuiuiia, .id nun diiiiiik at the door of his house-on t-ia Glaaheen road,' mfnrliniEf, some pig's food.;:.Hi- wife was at work within the hous'. Ho and his wifu had been tmking about gnoits Bti'J about.' tha devil, ati'J about hulf-past sit' o'filock, 'while they wore so talking, a 'queer tiling'- eame' ^ up to lllo door. Hf- acres.ched, for he-did 'hot :know what it was -^he thought i) was Ihrtduvil— (laughter).. Il had a long.neok, biff ;.l.egs,: and a bump ever so big on hisbick: He'screamed but hn oould not stir— ho was »o frigbioneoV—It put its long neok and ils two fore paws in, and orushect him. against, the aiiio of tlio ct6br With its shoulders, got a oouplo of ? font ini'ido'thV threshold, and left the print of it paws I hero. '' Mr. iiityes : Why didn't in go in further? Dmnion I : Oh, sir, the hump— (laughter)— the hump was 80 big he oould not get' in the door. (Bonnwed laugiitsr}.- I got suoh a fright £ was not able to out a) muoh in three days as in o-ie day h-foro. (Muoh laugliior). How did ho get out? Ho booked out again the way ha oumn in. I could Ho nothincr tn, him. Croes sx«mined by Mr; O'Oonnoll : What do you think \--iu had before you, asw it? The devil.' (lauglt tor).' I b-lieve you had hnen talking about the devil. . May bo I wor. (Litughtor). But Were you? I wor. (Much laughter). What put the davit inlo your head, that you hid been talking about him ? F.iith, I uould not tell you. But what sort of a tiling was it ? Oh, sir, his neot wai as long ss from I his to that box (pointing, nmidst rours of laughter, to a jury-box about 15ft from him). Hud lie. anything but this nenk 1 TlVtith. Itn \\\Ati A luimn nn \Am Unnlr ,v.. so big, and hs had long l«gs, and eyes, and a big mouth. (More Intighter). Do you see any thing iii court that you would compare him to ? I don't limn, I'm nuro. Wbnn he came iii the door I would give all the world. to got him out of my sight. ((Jreat laught«r). Did you g«t off' the obair t Ind-od I Hi Int— a 'better mtti'i than me could not doit. (Renewed luughtor). Diljou uttsinpt to shove him out? I did not try Iii aliovo him out. I did nothing at all lo him, fur I wus afraid of my life of him. Failli, if you httd haynnets you could do nothing at nil to him. (Great luuglile'r). I was not' able to go to work for four du.vr after, fur [ got a pain in mv lieiirt from him. ? (Roars of Inu^hler). Mrs. Desmond, wife of the plnintilK raid i My Imibaiid on Ihs night iu question was mixing aomo pig's food nt thu door, nnd I was Bt work inaiile. All at once I heard a biller sor'eebh out of him. I looked diwn and snw the thing ' ablow ' me with hia neck etretclied in ns far u* hn could airotch it, 'Oh,' says'I, 'pray to Almighty Go I, fur its nothing gooil,' (Liugh ter.) ' May tne L'inl receive one «oul,\ suys I, and I full. down on Ot tuie.es in a I!', ( Roars' ol laughter.) Did ynu ever are ihn like of it h-fore? Oh, iik. air. What happened then P Tho hnta about, the plno.nlook it nwny. Oro»a examined by Mr. O'Couiiell i Whut were ynu talking nbout when' tho animal came to tlio door I M.v hnshmid iv'ai blaming me for being eut so Ions, and he waa . taUing nbout ghosts und the devil; ' Wnjs). I.. looked and -Saw tho miimil, Buys I. ' It ia tho. devil is thora now, anrel.v.' (tanghter). '.. . '' Mr. iruye«; I'nut Ta.Oie dofenoe at the oHur aiilo, your Worship— (.hat it waa. tho devil was them, nnd not ihe cuinel, . .(Luifliler). Mr. Gregg i Didn'|.'ji)ur liiiabitnd say to you just titsfore, ? The devil take you 1' ' Witness! He did,' sir. ' i Mr. O'OonueU: li he iu the Imliit of talking Hhout the devil ? Well, he wa-, he was too tiftflii in his m ulh, ns I often told him. (Laiigli ler). Didn't you think, it « juat judgment on him that tho devil should make his appearance t ? sen after him under those circumstances ? Wialiu, I suppose it- wai, sir. He was calling after hi-n too often, -and it was serving him right, (laughter). Hue he been talking about the devil sinoa ? He has' not, sir. (Laughter). Hia Worship co.-miilorod- the plaintiff hud re ceived dumuge on the occu«ion, and gave a de cioofur£3* — Queensland Times. A CltlKRSB SWINDLB.— Ahput 11 o'olook On Tueaduy, a lleitlieu Ohinoe, with a 'smile that wue ohildlika nud blajjd,'. entered the Union Bink, nnrl tendnrod a , parcel of gold, which ho ?n id was' ths produoo of New Zealand Gully Mr, Darrnok, the teller, turned tlio sample into the gold scoop, and .then into thn seule. Its weight , was loz lodivt* 4»rs, and the seller re ceived I's presumed value, £5 Si 6d, after duly signing the piirohaie book. Meanwhile the gold, liuviua a suspicions look, Imd boon under ex nmina'ion, and just after John had left the bunk, Mr. Darror.li followed him, a messenger being also despatched fur ihe police. Orermking his nun in Eait-slreet, Mr, Durrnoh. nsked him. to aomn back to the bmk,. whioh he did. On reach' ing there one of the. nuggets war out in two, and John found lihniolf trumped 'in the game he did not understand |' for Sergeant Judge. was in attendanon. and, with auoh ovlilenca of oriminal intoii', did not heoilate.to place him beyond the reach of fiirthnr miioluof. The mechanical part of the fraud waa very,'.olover.l'y ' perpetrated, ss tha spurious nuggets had all Ihe nppoiranoe of water* worn .gold. ,3V/* tare, sorry to learn that other pn reels of ..the same eharaoter hava been purchased by unauspsoling buyrs, and some Hiixioiy is felt hy .thosW'in'tsrrstsd for their next mint returns from Sydney. Mr, IraUnd, a store keepsr at Ifow Z«a!andt Oulij, ia. one of tho vic tims | and, -h« was. guito ^unoonseioua of tha swindle until frpm a parcel of 4iz offered hy him to Mr. H Boerl, tliat'^eutleman smelted nonrly hulf on ounce of drois,!^and' 17dwts ofs metal resembling lead in'appvaranoo, but harder and much inors.bfittis. Tlie offender, whose name is Ah Sue, was brought .up at the poiioo court, yesterday, and duly -oommitted for trial at the next sittings of the Distriot Court on ths charge of obtaining money under fnlne pretenaes, 'We learn thut fur some months past the mint returns have boon becoming less and less satisfactory, and this lisa heen cim»»d, it ia suspected,' by an admixture of the Chinese metal with each parcel forwarded. ? It is, therefore, a matter for oon gratulalion that one, at lots', of tho, scoundrels has ' heen oaught -'» flagrant* delielo.—MocJc Hampton Bulletin.- ?? WALLABY HUNTING IN THE BOOROOMBA MOUNTAINS.— Mr. William Davis, ofGoongar line [Gungahlin], Gininderra, and party, have retured from their annual expndition on ths Murrumbidgee ranges for the purpose of Wallaby shooting, Our correapondent says:— As you like to learn the result of our aiinunl trip to the mountains I en close a report of our success. 'We returned on Thursday last, having been camped under the mountains for ten days, out of which we had only four fine enough to have any good shooting. In spite of the bad weather, what with a good tent and commissariat, not forgetting a first-rate cook, with » littlo old Jamaica to keep tho effects of the wet weather off. we onjoynd ourselves, very much, and bagged 305 skina. Witli fine weather we could have doubled that numbor, having atrunk sumo fresli groflnd, which we hopo to take advantage of ni'it yenr, if we lire to that time.' ?'-Deniliquin Chronielo. You will slwus notis one thing i tho dev never otfera tnw go into partnership. with a blzzy uiau : but yu would often eoo hiin offer toj'no the lazy aud furnish all tlio capital,— Josh Billiugi. Cultivation op Opium. — Two enterprising young-men, Messrs. Gray and Cozclnr, have backed up their experimental success of last season of ha'f un ncre of the true opiuin. poppy, by this year plntting two acres which, says the Tweed Kiver correspondent of ' the Clarence JExaminer, wilt give them occupation enough ; but over and above have undertake^ to plant twenty acres of cane. Such are the men we want ; they can never stick fast. Opium will givo £fiO an acre. Our climate is suitable too for tobacco, cotton, jute, and other fibres. Silk has been produced here from the outdoor alinn thus worm, and we have almost every variety of the mulberry, and silk on a large scale will ere long he tried— it is preparing for. Vine yards arc also ghnrinu; attention, and the Messrs. Guilfoyle, of Sydney, have n, splendid collection of tropical and semi- tropical plants of raro value thriving luxuriantly at Cudgen, facing the sea. We are truly only in' our leading strings yet, nnd want time to get on our pedal motives, and then we shall know ere long what the tweed is really capable of. Till' thcu we will he modest, and just speak of what wo hope for, and not faint by the way. ' : In an ai.ver liHrnmit by a railway company of some unoulled-for goods, the letter ' I ' had by an accident been droppe ( from tne work, 'lawful,' and it reads now— ? I'ooplo to whom these paokagea are dir--otod urn requcs'eil toonmo forward und pay the awful charges, on the ?ame.' . , - ' ? . ?. ??.-.-?,' ' ? ' .. - ? ; . ' : 