MY FIRST SEANCE. (BY AN OLD CONTRIBUTOR.) With a few other friends I was invited, a day or two ago, to go to the house of a common acquaintance to “reverently endeavor” to obtain some communica tions from the spirits of the departed. Our host and hostess welcomed us with well-proven hospitality, : and we were soon joined by other guests. A certain pro gramme of preliminary matter had: been propounded, and we therefore knew what was referred to when, our host greeted us with the announcement, that he had been busy with his pen all day, and. had just stopped on our. arrival. This, meant that ho had been at work preparing the prospectus of “ A Universal Redemption and Social Reconstruction Society." Or, in other'words, our host had written a discourse which lie,was to deliver to our little circle in support of the formation of the abovementioned association.. It was, understood that discussion • would be allowed, but as the time was short; and our host ex ;pansive, possibly also the subject a little knotty, there was no discussion. :The flow of our friend’s oratory was interrupted more than once, for we were all , unconventional and free in ourselves and our surroundings. At one pause-point an auditor told the orator he would have to be away directly to conduct his coming wife through the bush from her place of deposit by the coach, and the benedict went away. Presently the discourse was temporarily stopped by the arrival of a lady who had been set down from a car at some distance in another direction, and now came in dripping with the rain. The hostess went away to comfort the new arrival, and then our philo sophic host pursued the theme, of universal social redemption arid re-construction. I need not burden your readers with details of his magnificent proposals for the benefit of society. He proposed eight plat forms, representing as many gradations of progression, the eighth being the sumtnum bonum of communal perfection and the practical realisation of absolute Christianity. One or two of us, reeking with the base fumes of tobacco, objected to our friend’s classification in some particulars, to wit, that our platform of redemption was next to that set apart for the redemption of prostitutes and thieves. But he was inexorable as the fates, and as absolute. At least ho was" so as to the order of location. We of the weed could not escape our vicinage but by being redeemed to a higher platform. So far our guide, philosopher, and friend was absolute, but his proposals were tem pered with a benignant and reminiscent consideration for human weakness in the matter of cutty-pipes. We might be admitted, pipes and all, within the Universal Redemption and Social Reconstruction Association, but subject to discipline. The conditions are that we do not smoke before children, nor in the streets, nor in public vehicles; that, in short, our ob scene rites be always performed ns secretly as possible. This mollified our feelings, nnd as we went out to Bmoke our pipes anew in the verandah, we argued that if our host had been severe he was less offensively personal than he seemed at first sight of the location allotted to us in the order of universal redemption. For myself, I felt that the proposals made were just, and that their necessity is a melancholy instance of the littleness and weakness of our many-sided nature. By the time our host had finished his discourse the daylight was far spent, and we all gathered in a little parlor to form a “circle,” or have a “seance" as it is called. The window looked out upon a wide landscape of slope and gully, and flat and hill, with Ballarat spread out in all its great length and breadth in the background. The clouds were weeping and all outside nature looked sad, only that the fresh greenness of the young grass and the beauty and grace of the young trees around lent a charm of assurance that life was all around us. Our circle comprised exactly ten per sons, half being of one sex and half of the other. Two of the ladies were mediums, but neither of a very pronounced sort. All the others were more or less novices, and some of us, it may be, a little uncon vinced, but open to the reasonableness of respectable facts. At our host’s invitation we gathered round the table, an ordinary mahogany round table with a three clawed leg. Our host marshalled us, for we consented to be os clay in the hands of the potter. The masculine and the feminine was to sit in regular alternation. I was placed between the two mediums, and nominated president, with power to ask questioris of the expected spirits, but this hazardous honor I declined in favor of a gentleman who had already passed his circling novi tiate. Even with the presidential incubus removed, my position was sufficiently solemn, for I was between the two mediums, neither of whom I had ever seen before in my life. One was a blooming widow, and the other a maiden. The widow might have sat to Rubens for brilliance of color, and the maiden to Mu rillo for a lady of Andalusia, and Raphael might have compounded of the two a Madonna del Seggiolo. I could not tell what they might not have seen and heard in their mysterious dealings with spirits, but I could easily imagine both of them going off in seraphic ecstasies beyond even the eighth platform of our host’s earth-heaven of Universal Reconstruction. Picture, then, the solemnly electric condition of my apprehensive mind. But now to the business. Tho. table was cleared of the cloth, and we closed in around the awful mahogany. Our host, on his right his wife, on her right the president, on his right the widow-medium, on her right your humble servant, on his right the maiden-medium, on her right a benedict, on his right his wife, on her right another benedict, on bis right a female guest, and on her right our ho3t. I cannot say with Thompson:— ’Twas silence all, and pleading expectation. Our host, who is an Admirable Crichton, is musical and has a fiddle, and the happy thought came to him that music might be good as an initial rite. “Let us,” said he, “have a little music to compose our minds to a proper frame.” A heap of little books entitled “Hymns and Melodies” was placed upon the table, and our host began to tune his fiddle and then to give a symphony. To be honest, I must say that, if the damned spirits in hell ever heard anything more ex cruciating, then I wonder at Orphic aux Enfers being able to keep his seven senses during his expedition to the depths; for, taking Mr Lascelles as my warrant, Orpheus himself was a very tolerable performer, and if the infernal regions were much punished phonically it must have been by other instruments than his. But this horror of mine was the process of violinic subju gation. Gradually, our friend brought the fiddle nearer to reason and the concord of sweet sounds, though at its best I doubted if it would do for the presumably high-wrought choral music of the eighth platform our host wot of in the Society of Redemption. In fact, I began to be terribly afraid of both me diums under the ordeal, and to wonder what sort of spirits were likely to visit us under such horrible auspices. By-and-by—so sweetly does mercy temper’ the severity of facts —vocal music was proposed, and we all sang to the violin accompaniment ons of the hymns in the little books. It was that beautiful hymn, composed by a Unitarian heretic, “Nearer my God, nearer to Thee." I did not know the tune, but felt my way along as best. I could, and by the time we had finished I liked the increasing swell of sound, for the melody was pretty, and the voices blended well enough together, and the fiddle had got more human ised.- Then the fiddle was laid upon the table with the hymn-books, and we spread out our hands .upon the table, thumb to thumb and little finger to little finger,.making an unbroken chain o£ flesh, and blood. ' I felt that a crisis of some sort .ought to be not far off, and I was prepared-to wait in reverent 'but critical silence for what might happen. Presently one of the circle Baid, “ May we speak ?” “ Oh, yes,” replied both mediums, “we always find that lively social conversation makes it better.” I was, I confess, a little taken aback, fori was looking for wonderful things to be bom of silence and the sad twilight. “ Are your thumbs touching ?” said the president to me; “it seems to me the nails only touch. “They should be well joined.” We closeda little more, widow, and maiden, and I, till I had nearly as much of mediumistic flesh under or upon my finger ends as I had noted that my benedict friends on either side had secured before, and my thumbs too were now well lapped. Meanwhile the circlars chatted and chaffed, and one of the benedicts told us how he remembered an elder of the Glassito sect in Scotland used to give the kiss of peace to the Bisters, and how affectionately osculative he was when the sister was-fair to look upon. Our host soon got restless, and oncb 'or twice broke the manual chain and made for the fiddle, with suggestions of a little more music, just as in Wesleyan revivals they propose a hymn for a change. Several of the novices were almost paralysed with horror at the proposition, and the breaking of the chain, but the mediums were un concerned, though they quietly said it would be better not to break the chain. Ten, fifteen minutes passed .by, and my arms and hands were getting benumbed with cold and want of motion. I could feel no mag netism nor anything else about, but only a confounded sensation that the whole affair seemed likely to' turn out a regular duffer. As the pins and needles were being stuck all about my fingers and the affair altogether began to be dismal, I gently submitted to the widow that temperature might have some thing to do with the absence of rotatory or other tabular phenomena. “ Oh, yes, no doubt,” Bhe replied, “ indeed we used sometimes to warm the table before we formed the circle.” Alas, we had riot done so, and if the spirits, whom we wanted were in thick ribbed ice, it stood to reason that they would rather have comriierce with a warmed table than a cold one. And if imprisoned in the viewless winds, stillj heat would be likely to be cloud-compelling.- But we had not warmed the table. “The table is moving,” says the president. “Yes, I really think it is,” said, the lady of Andalusia. “I thought I felt it .move a little,” said another. “I feel a little tingling in my fingers," added my maiden link.. Mine are awfully cold, I said, but I can’t see the table move a bit. In fact, I have a mathematical criterion to go by. The bow of the fiddle lies straight between me and the knob of the door lock, and there has been no change. Our host, whoi had begun to fancy something was moving, admitted that the evidence of the fiddle-bow was de cisive. “Sometimes we have bid the table rise, and it has done so,” said the maiden. I suggested that it ought to bo requested to make an obeisance to the president. “ I don’t believe that table mov ing has anything to do with Spiritism proper,” the president. “Nor I,” replied two or three. Our host grew restless again, and the blooming widow beamed with an imperturbable insouciance upon the circle. Doubts were hinted, and the spirits at last were chaffed. “Who is the Jonah that we must cast out?” asked our host. I felt a quiver, of horror and said to myself,'“ Will they think it is my hard unbelief arid offer me up to the offended .spirits who wouldn’t come?” In a moment of inspir ation the maiden exclaimed, “Table, rise; rise, table.” The table didn’t rise. The president called upon the table to rise, but even he was not heeded. Our host shouted, “Rise table, rise table if you please,” and he raised his extended hands as if to encourago the table, but the table was deaf to all entreaties. Then the thing was a real duffer, arid the manual chain was riven in pieces, the circle broke up and our host rushed to the fiddle, the maiden riiediurii was com pelled, to go away to church, and one of the benedicts went to see her safe away.' Our hostesß went away on hospitable thoughts intent, and the widow, a wife, and two benedicts made a fresh circle round a little work-table in hope of bettor luck. The president and I faced each other at the fire-place, and our host called forth the agonised ghosts of old Scotch melo dies from the fiddle. “Bonnie Dundee,” “Barley Riggs,” and reels were mixed, with- occasional essays in a soberer Btrain. -Need I say that the new circle was as unsuccessful'as the older one, the little table as blind or deaf as the larger one ? The wholo affair was a dead failure, except the fiddle, whose success was most potent, and actually magnetised a cow, drawing her close to the front door ot the mansion. Pardon ! There was another success, and a notable. That was our host and hostess’ hospitality. They spread us a table of various viands, and we all ate, drank, and were merry till our cabman summoned ub from the gloom of the dripping trees, and with a hearty hand-shaking wo bade our entertainers fare well. Your readers can do the moralising. The. examination of the female students in the classes for instruction in telegraphy, established at the Melbourne Industrial and Technological Museum, was held on the 9th and 11th of July. The examiners were Mr Robert J. Ellery, the Government Astrono mer, and Mr S. IV. M'Gowan, the Inspector of Tele graph Service. Out of a, class .of twenty-three, twenty-one students presented themselves for exami nation, and eleven passed:—Mrs Kelly, Miss A. Pohlman, Mrs Roberts, Mrs K. Mooney, Miss Belling, Miss J. Andrews, Mrs Pearson, Miss E. Pohlman, Mrs W. G. Landells, Mrs Kinahan, and Miss Palmer. Miss Palmer was selected by the examiners for special commendation. New Zealand. —By the Rangitoto wo have files of ,New Zealand papers up to the 10th inst. Mrßrogden has signed a contract for eight miles of the Hutt Railway; cost, including rails and rolling stock, is under £5OOO per- mile. Mr Cassius’ claim at Ross yields an average of 160 oz of gold per week. The Ohinimuri natives are being vaccinated. The Daily Tima suggests that the Canterbury and Otago cricket clubs should unite in asking the Melbourne committee to make arrangements for the All England Eleven to visit New Zealand. At Auckland the Harbor Board has resolved cot to allow foreign vessels to anchor until boarded by the health-officer. It has also re solved to include Wellington in the list of infected ports. A member of the board stated that the man who recently died of variola was never on board the Nebraska, and he believed that the disease was intro duced through goods from the ship England. At Wellington, one of the armed constabulary attending the small-pox patients on Soames Island has been attacked with the disease. Mr Kaye, the original patient, is convalescent. A company is being formed at the Rangitata to purchase the pneumatic ap paratus used for sinking the bridge cylinders, for the purpose of prospecting the bed of the Moly neux River. The Customs revenue at Dunedin dur ing the last financial year was £212,923, showing an increase of £21,129 on the previous year. Mr Cassius has given a donation of £2OO towards the reward of £lOOO for the discovery of gold-bearing reefs south of the Teramakau. .At Auckland, on 3rd July, another' case of Bmall-pox occurred. Thomas Seymour, a waiter at the restaurant where Thompson lodged, be ing attacked. Excitement has been caused by this case, and every one is getting vaccinated. The case is a mild one. It is ascertained that Thompson, the man who died in hospital from small-pox, worked as a butcher on board the Nebraska on her last voyage to the South. On 6th July another case was found in the hospital.' Crowds are being vaccinated. Before dying, Thompson told Dr Philson that there were two cases of small-pox oh board the Nebraska besides his own. Dr'Philson published his declaration. The Tauranga natives have preferred a request to the Go vernment that they might be vaccinated. At Wel lington Mr Brogden’s tender for 34 miles 55'chairis of trio Clutha line, and two miles of siding, exclusive of raila and'rolling stock, for £142,000, has been ac cepted. 