TEE WIN MSB. OF THE VIOTORUUT DEBBT. "Rcncx" in tho AtafrafaiUtn write? the fol lowing on this subject:-I cannot understand how any doubt whatever could havo been en* tcrtainod respecting the issue of the 'raco for the Victorian Derby, or how those who havo made it their business to report the doings of the hones in training could have supposed that any horse in tho Derby lrnd the ghost of a I chance with Loup Gafou, fit and well at tho post. It is not os if he ran in our Derby un tried, and only his gallops on tho training ground had boon seen. He had won the Band wick Derby, and all tho press representees, I | suppoeo had boqd him "race." I havo seen a great number of first-class "racehorses" in my day, from West Australian, the Flying Dutch man, and Sir Tatton Sykos downwards; but I novcr saw a horse get over the ground in bettor style than Loup Garou. Had the Barb, Fish hook, Firework, and all the othqr good horses of Airstrnlift, been in tho Dorby on Saturday, lie would have spread-eagled tho lot. King of tho Ring is a game, good colt, but he is not in the same class as Loup Ganra- ho is a more pony; nnd how tho touts could over hnvo dream od that tho King could boat Loup, both fit and well, is post comprehension. And tho cutting down £amo that was to como off! Why, tho Lord of Lxnne colt could havo given a stone to the lot, lot them fill get awar 60 yards, and thou have won "hands down,'* his poor foot and all given.in. I notice that tho turf writer in your contemporary alludos to this cutting down game, ana nays-"If they (that is Bol phogor and Sunshine) micceod, the King may win tho race, but should they fail, what an tgnominous defeat they will sustain." Further on he remarks that if the Derby were a match between Loup aud the King, it*would be 3 to 1 on Loup. So he formed a tolerably good opinion of Loup; but, like manv of the touts, ho could not quite Bee the absurdity of all that was written about "catting Loup down." When there are two or three norses almost on a par, tho cutting-down game tnav mean some thing, if the best horse of the lot. iioppons to be a slow beginner, like the King: but for the Derby lot of 1872 to think of cutting- down a horse like Loup is absurd. 