STOW CHURCH. The anniversary services were held in this church on Sunday, the 21st ApriL In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe discoursed from Acts is. 31 —" Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified, and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied." At night the pastor, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., took his test from Peter, chap. iL 3—" According as His divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of Him that hath called us to glory and virtue." The anniversary services of the Stow Memorial Church were continued on Tuesday, April 23, when the usual tea and public meetings took place. The attendance was good; and over the evening meeting the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., the pastor, presided. After singing the 414th hymn, the Rev. Jas. Jefferis, LL.B., offered prayer. The Rev. Mr. Stmeb, in opening the proceed ings, said he had been amongst them for three or four weeks, which had just given him an insight into the kind of work which laid before him and the fellow-helpers he might expect to have, and he was sure they would be pleased to hear their new pastor's first impressions as to his people and his labour. (Applause.) He had become acquainted with the circumstances under which they had existed for some time past, apd had been impressed with the cohesion with which they had held together, and their strong determination to stand by those walls, sacred with associations of the past, and to keep together until God should send them a minister to lead them on in the Christian life and work. He. had also been further impressed with the readiness evinced by all classes at the church to rally together for common Christian effort, simply waiting for an indication of the direction in which a sphere of usefulness might open. The actual truth of this would be seen when some new work came before them. He had had. to wait to get acquainted with the opera tions in which other Churches were engaged, and he hoped it would not be long before they would have some particular sphere of labour which they could specially enter upon in bringing souls to Christ in some part of the town where such a field opened. He trusted there would grow up amongst the member^ of their Church a still stronger cohesiveness in spiritual life, a union altogether as one body joined together with one Saviour, and uniting their labours altogether for the Saviour's glory. Whilst there was diversity of mind and cha racter there should be true Christian fellowship. A small piece of gravel by a slight blow might be crushed into dust; but they might take a stone and strike it a hard blow, and the different particles would not become separated so easily, because of the cohesion which bound every particle closely together. They .did not want the cohesion ' amongst the congregation to - be destroyed by trials and disappointments, under the ' effects of 'which they would break up and crumble away. They wanted it to be like the particles of stone, bound so closely together that it would require a tremendous blow to part them. (Applause.) And then they must be bound altogether in -theirvarious diversities of character and social position. The old granite rock, the strongest they had, was not- composed of one kind of stone, but of two or three, which cemented together by intense heat formed that rock which made their world's foundations: So' it was with Churches bound into one by the common heat of common love to Christ. So he wanted them to be bound together in the spiritual life and -in God's work. (Applause.) For the welfare of the Church they needed it. In conclusion the rev. gentleman expressed^ a hope that every facility would be afforded him to make his. people, and especially his young people, feel that he was not .only their pastor, but a Christian friend and a brother. Mr. M. GOODE, in presenting the balance sheet, stated that the amount received during the "year from pew-rents and monthly collections wis £833. The gross income for the year was £1,980, and, to meet the ensuing year's expenses, including, interest, £1,423 would be needed. in order to 1"°^° their income what it should be ! • be suggested that those who were able should double their pew-rents, which was not a new idea. The Rev. Mr. Stubs, referring to the diffi culty which many persons , felt in believing in end acting upon the maxim, " It is more blessed to give than to receive," said they had the purest and noblest example of benevolence placed before them in the person of Christ him self. He wished that all would adopt his own plan, which he believed to be scriptural, and which never left him in want of money for benevolent or religious purposes. The secret of it was this —that from all the money he received be set apart at onee_ a portion for these objects. Having done this, he regarded that amount as no longer his own, but devoted to God, and the result was that when a call was made upon him he always had the means at hand to meet it,, and giving was to him a pleasant thing. (Applause.) If they could only carry out tins idea, they would at the year's end not only find every sixpence paid, but would be astonished at their enormous treasury. The choir, with Mr. Shakespeare at the har monium, havinggiven Mozart's Et Resurexit," The Re v. S. Mr ad offeredafew suggestions upon " The best mode of developing the energies of the Church." Taking it for granted that those present belonged to Christ, it was clear to him that every member of Christ's Church should work for the Master. Each one had a talent for labour of some' kind, a power of labour in suspense capable of development. It was equally clear that working Christians were the best Christians, so that they gathered this truth, that working for the Master exerted a reflex influence upon the worker, and. tended to make him more Christlike. Having' referred to the necessity for more complete organization in their particular Churches to ■ effect this, he said he considered that deacons should make it their earnest consideration to see that every member of the Church was set to work, and not leave it all to the pastor. The Christian was bound to take notice, not only of the ministay of the Church, but also of that outside the Church. Each bona fide member of Christ's Church should feel it to be his or her duty and privilege to bring some wanderer to a knowledge of the GospeL He did not ignore the influence of God's Spirit upon the unregenerate heart, but the humblest Christian had work and responsibility which could not be denied.' It should not be so much left to the power of the preacher as an orator to draw people to the house of God,, but effort should be made by them in this direction. He could tell them the names of persons who for many years until recently had never been in a place of worship, and to meet these cases he suggested a systematic house-to house visitation for prayer and explanation of the Scriptures. Then he thought they' as Christians neglected too much the use of that simple literature which was constantly emanating from the press; such books, for instance, as. Bonar's "God's Way of Peace," which, with other kindred works, set forth the Gospel of Christ in clear, positive, and un mistakable manner, so that the humblest might understand and profit. What there was good let them use. There were glorious heights of joy far beyond what Christians had dreamt of, and to enter upon them they bad not far to go. He hoped they would realize the privileges that were theirs, and that they ought be instrumental in leading souls to a living union with Christ. (Applause.) Duet—" Ruth and Naomi"—by two ladies of \ the choir. The Rev. T. James, in an eloquent and able address, spoke upon "The intellect and the emotions, and their mutual relations in. the life of the believer." He alluded to the prejudicial and fatal mistake which many made in laying too much stress upon simple: religious emotional feeling, and imagining them selves to be blessed just in proportion to the deptb of emotion they experienced, whilst the intellectual faculties were ignored. He pointed out that there was not a single thing of beauty or utility in this world which had not its correla tive in the mind of God, and to speak of reli gious feeling as something purely emotional was but going the right way to destroy it altogether. If we took a right course the emotional part of our nature would take care of itself, and would develop in proper order and in due form. To say, as some did, that the intellect was nothing, but that the emotional was everything m relation to the work of God in tha heart, was to say that the root of the tree was nothing, but the branches and the fruit were everything. He demurred to the notion that Christianity was unable to find a place for the best and noblest, the truest and purest in every department of life. There was a place in the Kingdom of God for everything of this kind. (Applause.) In every department of art and province of science they never could go beyoDd the kingdom which was righteous ness and peace. There was a place in religion for the best which men could produce—for the crown and flower of all that men's minds could bring forth or their ingenuity might be able to devise. The mistake men too often made was in gauging their religious Hfo by the intensity of their feeling3. They found comfort to themselves in the thought that at such a time they had goed feelings—that at such a prayer they were greatly moved—that at another time when before God they wept freely. There might he a great deal of devout feeling with scarcely any religion at all. The highest. ~ type of human life was certainly shown in the Lord Jesus Christ. He shared their common, humanity—had the same hopes and fears, the same weaknesses ; He laboured, and lived, and. loved, and suffered, and died; and certainly in Hi™ there was no defect in intellectual culture. The more a man knew the larger his sympathies became. In conclusion, he ex pressed the hope that the Church under their - new pastor might attain to the highest point of spiritual life. The Chairman" here announced that Mr. G. F. Angas had given them a donation of £50 towards the erection of a new schoolroom, and that a friend had handed in a cheque for £30 - towards the Church funds, as part of an amount ■ left by a deceased member of the Church. (Applause.) The choir having given "Gloriain Exeelsis,"" a collection was made, and the Chairman having tendered thanks to those who had contributed to the success of the meeting, the proceedings - closed in the usual way. The total proceeds of the anniversary, exclu sive of the special donations named above, were - —Sunday services, £25; tea, £20; and collec- - tion, £12. Roman Catholic Items.—The Veiy Rev. F. Byrne, late of Salisbury, has been appointed' senior priest- at West-terrace; the Rev. Theo- - dore Bongaerts has taken charge of the North Adelaide Mission; the Rev. R. Cleary has gone to Mount Gambier as assistant priest to Dean. Fitzgibbon; and the Rev. P. Moore has been removed from Marrabel to West-terrace. The . Harp, which states the foregoing, also writes : —"It would seem that a certain portion of the - -Catholic public of Adelaide have lately been seized with a mania for memorializing. Besides - the memorials addressed to the Archbishop in, re Fathers Horan and Nowlan, of which notices - have appeared in the daily papers, we are credibly informed _ that certain persons, with more zeal than discretion, have recently been canvassing for signatures to a document addressed to the Very Rev. Father Reynolds, requesting him to withdraw his - patronage from the Irish Harp and the Catholic Book Depot, and to remove Mr. Hewett from the lucrative post of collector at the door of the Cathedral. The memorial, we understand, was presented at West-terrace on Wednesday evening, but with what result has not transpired. If the domestics should happen to be in want of fire paper, its arrival will doubtless be welcomed by them, whatever the Administrator may think of its contents as opportune." The Ovardian of Eapunda tells that on account of the action taken by the Irish Harp in op position to the Rev. Father Horan, on Saturday night week " a number of Irishmen assembled on the top of the Bald Hill, and gave expression to their indignation by consigning an effigy of the Editor to the flames; and with a good supply of inflammable matter, amidst the by no means ■ good wishes of those assembled, the imitation ef Mr. Fox was speedily reduced to ashes." Th& same provincial paper says—"We hear that during the week the Rev. J. J. Roche tendered. liiq resignation of this mission and his diocesan faculties to the Administrator of the diocese, which Father Reynolds declined to receive. Our Rbman Catholic friends will be glad to learn, therefore, that thejr will not also be deprived of" Father Roche's ministry. We are also informed that the large number of signatures obtained to the memorial to Archbishop Folding, asking for the restoration of Father Horan to this mission, were obtained in two days, and that had more time been available it would have been mvtcli more extensively signed." Entertainment.—On Thursday evening am entertainment took place at the Lower North: Adelaide Branch Congregational Chapel; the> Rev. J. Jefferis. in "the chair. There was a. large attendance. Recitations were given by the members of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, and pieces. of music by other friends. The proceeds of the affair, with pro mised contributions, amounted to about £20. Sailors' Home.—We learn that Mr- W. Townsend; M.P., has consented to deliver a lecture in the Town Hall, Port Ad«lnid«, at an early date, in aid of the funds of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home. 