Exciting Discussion at i-tome. Eecently a public discussion took place in Home, between three Protestant clergymen- and three Roman Catholic prieBts, as to whether Peter was ever in Borne atall. The subjoined account of the disputation is from the pen of tne Bev. H. J. Pbott, B.A., . general Italy, and oneof the acting presidents fori heProtestant party during the controversy. Mr. Pigott in hiB letter, published in a London journal, justly speaks of the above discussion as constituting 'one of She most marvellous incidents of modern eeeicsiasncai nismry . Dear Sir,— I write you o few hasty lines on ^he Bnbiect of what I cannot forbear from designating one of the most marvellous events of modern ecclesiastical history. Here in this city of Borne, under the shadow of the great Basilica- which contains the famous i,mn™ ch,h,» nmi co-collod trophy of St. Peter, in the seat and capital of .that system which derives its pretensiona to authority from the supposed pontificate of Peter within its walk, within a few months of the world-bronzed miracle which was de clared to have prolonged fee years of tho reimins Pope beyond the fatal twenty-five of the first holder of the keys it has been freely and publicly discussed between Catholics and Protestants, by chosen champions on both sides, wlielher Peter was ever mSomc. Tho affair was brought about suddenly ; hence in this first notice I am able to give you of the matter, 1 have to speak of it as an occompusnea lacj. Last Thursday week Sig. Sciarrelh, onr own Methodist Italian Minister in Borne, delivered a discourse in the hall in Via de'Barbien to prove, 'with arguments drawn from tha Bible and the Fathers, that St. Peter had never been in Eome.' Thus tke lecture was announced the day previously in one of the most widely circulated of the Eoman journals, and together with the announcement a challenge was thrown out to any priest who might j.n;~. «,.u;ni« in Cannes the Hubiect. Many sucn invi tations to public discussion had been Previously given by the Italian evangelists in Rome; but hitherto the sub jects proposed had, I imagine, been of such a nature as to dotcr the priests '-im the venture. Or it may be that the taunts of toe liberal press had at length goaded tbem to save their honour by taking up the |love that had so long lain under their eyes in the arena It was determined that on Friday evening, February 9th, at the hour of 7, the dis. cussion should commence, that the disputants sLould be three on cither side, that the dis cussson should Be regumBju uj *«-' ™™,a», «..- from each party, that the audience should be admitted by ticket in equal numbers, according to the capacity of the hall, that the debate (should be rigorously limited to the question propounded by Sciarrelh' that stenogra, pliers should be admitted on either Bide, and when all was finished should draw up and consign to each party a full report in exact duplicate, duly signed and authenticated. i These determinations were zealously and speedily carried into effect. The hall selected was that of a certain Catholic Literary Society called the Academia Tikmnt ™™He at accommodating about 330 persons. The presidents elected by our opponents were the Prince Chwi, of Campagnano, brother of the well-known Papal Nuncio at Paris, and a distinguished Eoman advocate, the- Commendatore de Domemcis Tosti; the Protestants were represented by Dr. Herman Philip, missionary to the Jews, and myself The champions on our side were Sig. Sciarrelh, Kibelti, the Waldensian minister in Borne, and Wavazzi. ihe names of the CathoUc disputants were kept secret up to the evening of the discussion. Meantime, as was natura enough, tho affair got wind, and the interest excited was immense. Allowing space for the presidents, the disputants, and the reporters, the hall did not admit of theissue of more than 130 tickeis on either side. If there had been, instead, a thousand, tho demand would not have been mot. It was the high tide of Carnival : there was a masked ball that night at two of the principle theatres ; isaivmi, m-J Braunan. u.a gedian of modern Italy, was performing at another ; ; yet the palm of pnblic interest was earned ott by the ' Evangelico-Catholic controversy. On Friday evening the : hall filled rapidly and to overflowing ; not a ticket was i wasted. On the side of the Catholics, for the audience sat to the right or left of the hall, according as they ; entered with yellow tickets of the Papal party, or the red ones of the Evangelicals, were many distinguished members of the clergy and aristocracy of Borne. It had been agreed that Sciarrelli should read his ,™,,;,,o- twia ond Mien dcuosit the manuscript on the. president's table, to provide against all possible mis understanding of his words. The production did hun great credit, and set forth lucidly and convincingly the arguments against the presence of Jeter in Eome to be derived from the silence of Scripture, from the life of Peter, as far as traceable in the Acts, from the respective commis- j sions of Paul and Peter, the one to the Gentiles, the other to the Circumcision, and from the silence and implicit counter-evidence of the apostolic fathers, while it anticipated the reasoning of the opposite side by estimating at their trus value the patristic authorities oi a ii«*r uijuuu. iuciuaw^,™ was well written and well read, and made an evident impression on the audience. The faces of the Evangeli cals were radiant with triumph; while the Komanists sat with knit brows and looked anxiously towards their champions.' But iheir turn came next. In replyjto Sciarrelh' rose a priest of abmit sixty years of age, o{ name not unknown in Europe. A' profound arch mnlorist-. and orientalist, whose life has been spent in Erubbinc amonget the monuments of Bome and the records of the early Church, and withal a man of robust intellect, and a powerful Lent preacher, the Bomauists could hardly have found through all their ranks an abler protagonist on Buch a ques tion than Don Fabiani. He has moreover, written recently on the very subject in hand, and had, therefore, all his arguments at his fingers ends. I believe that no better cause could have been made out on the Romanist side of the question than that set forth , bv Fabiani that night in his long and eloquent speech o£ ' nearly nn hour and a half. Yet it was no r'vly lo Sciarrelli. The scriptural arguments and those i from the apostolic fathers, which formed the strength of Sciarrelli's reasoning, were passed lightly over as le ? solitecose.' the old story; and we were overwhelmed with citations from a later antiquity, with the consent oi tradition, and with the great fact oE the cxxstetice of the Eomish Church, which as an effect presnpposed its only . adequate cause, the presence, the pontificate, aud the martyrdom of Peter in Eome. Between the discourse of the two protagonists nearly three hours had elapsed, so that tho other speakers of tho evening were taken somewhat at disadvantage, owing to the lateness of the hour and the_ weariness of the nndience. There were on our side Signor Bibetti on that of the Catholics a certain Monsignor Cipolla, a parish priestof Eome,_and, if report speaks showed very good fight. It was no easy matter to reply to Fabiani's powerful speech, without tame for premeditation, and Bibetti, therefore, took refuge in 'eneralities, and hi generalities now and then a little oo pungent for the occasion. As for Monsignor CipoUa being afflicted with a great thickness of utterance he so chewed and mumbled his own words that the very stenographers gave him up in despair. It was already 11 o'clock, and neither. Govazzi nor the corresponding third pn the other side had spoken, so it was agreed that the discussion Bhould be resumed on the following evening. I confess that I re: tired from the meeting a little downcast and discon ented ? not tuat 1 inougni our ujiyuiusmo u«u i™j had the best of the argument, but the last profound im pression had been made by one of their disputants, and t had not met with any adequate reply. But all was redeemed by the result of the second evening. The audience was as large as before, and pretty much identical in , its con stituents. GavaEzi commenced his discourse. Beturning upon the arguments of Sciarrelli, he gave them fresh point and force, turned inside out the sophisms of his opponents, met erudition with counter erudition, while the wonderful vitality of tho man infused itself into the driest facts and hardest lope, making attention a necessity and a delight. Many had feared that Govazzi's vehemence might betray liim into a ? .~~ ? :~«r. :«Anneicfsinf vitli flip, nrlutfiitv desirable in such a debate ; but these fears were proved by the event to be utterly without foundation. Nothing could have been more Christainly courteous than his treatment of his opponents personally, though nothing could have been more unsparing than his demolition of then: argu-1 ments. All Protestants the world over owe a debt of gratitude to 3avazzi for his speech of this evening, for t was a great triumph -won for them on a great occasion. ' The replicant on the Catholic side was a young priest of the name of Guidi— a fluent and able speaker, but not the man to follow Gavazzu Nor were his arguments of anyintrinsic value. Indeed it was plain that they were intended not Jor tne rroicswnzs, out jut u*- i CaUwlics; to fare the sheep from seduction, not to bring the heretic goats into -he fold. Tho main point was a reiteration of tho reasoning of _ the previous even ing. TheBomUh Church exists; exists as a stupendous fact ; it must have had its origin in a cause equal to so vast an effect; that cause, as attested by all antiquity, is tho pontficate and martyrdom of St. Peter in Some. a™A mri,it« fnr those who admit the underlying assumption of Peter's 'primacy; but for the Protes taht a petUio prindpii. With this reply tho discus sion came to a close. The stenographical report will he published as quickly as possible, and, if I can find time, I hope to enable your readers to peruse it in on English version. This event has been the talk of the city for the last few days, and the public journals hare not failed to note the significance of the fact. If my letter has occupied too largo a Bpace in your columns, let this significance be my justification. Think of all that is implied in it, and you will feel with me. That a Boman prince and a Methodist preacher should sit ride by, side to preside over a religious discussion m the city of Home — a discussion between elected digni iariesof lie- Papal -Church and Italian imtire evango afttfi— a 'discussion sanctioned 'bj ihe express authorial;. Ition of the reigning Pontiff (for suchThave heart to be the case since I began this letter)— a discussion to prove the yes or no of St. Peter's very presence in Borne; that such a discussion should have been conducted with the utmost amity and decorum, for so- it was-; that it should have terminated in a very demonstrative shaking of hands on the part of presidents and disputants, for so it did; that its results, caught verbatim by stenography, Bhould be committed to the press for free circulation through out Christendom, is an event so passing strange that, had a prophet from God foretold it ten years ago, Tie would have had to make his credentials yery plainly out indeed before the most sanguine amongst us arald have ' received his report.'— I am, yours very truly, Henby J. Piqgott. Borne, February 11th, 1872. Haik at. GuiiOONG. — To the joy of owners of largo paddocks of wash-dirt, and of pnddlers, and in fact of every body, a welcome rain fell steadily and heavily on Monday, filHtig all dams wherever situate. The next fortnightly escort will attain highly res pactable dimensions.— Guardian. ' COBEENT OFF POET STEPHENS.— Tile re port of the barque Iolnni, from Newcastle, New Sonth Wales, to Honolulu appears in the Swwamin Gosetteo! the 3rd instant. One sentence in the^report reads as follows :—' Captain Eopes considers it advisable for shipmasters to keep well to the northward in making Cape Stevens (the light on which can be seen at night a distance of fifteen miles) as there is a strong current running the southward. MATEIMONIAIiLT INCLINED. — The following advertisement appeared in a country newspaper re cently : — The advertiser, a young man residing in Bega, of not more than twenty-four summers, wishes to cor respond with a lady between the ages of seventeen and twenty-two, with a view to matrimony. Good looks not so necessary as a good housekeeper. Carto-de-visite ex changed if necessary. Address ' Alfred,' Standard Office, Bega. Exportation of Sheep from Victoria. — Wo have of late bad occasion, more than once, to mention the exportation of sheep from this province to the United States of America. This week twenty Lei cester lambs have arrived in town, en route per mail steamer to San Francisco, thence to Oregon— and per hapsabetterorpurer lot hive never left the colony. They were selected from the. New Zealand Land Company's flock, on the Clydevale Station, by Sir. Allan Cameron, who has been manager on that station for the past four years, bat who has now left and goes to America, where -he intends to commence sheep- breeding. — OIoqo ?? Times. . ' ^Cannibalism. — On Thursday last a man named John Dillon applied for a warrant against a man named James M'Eiran, charging him with having bitten his left ear nearly off. It appears that there had been a dispute over a game at cards in a house at the Canadian, and in order to convince Dillon, his antagonist, M'Ewan, indulged in the above Fijian amusement. Dr. Eamsay attended to the chawed organ, and has hopes of saving the whole of it. The case will come before the police court, when the details will illustrate the civilisation of the 19th century. — Gulgong Guardian. A Ghost Stok?.— A correspondent writing to the Hay Standard says ; — ' Some years since two friends of mine (squatters) were returning from their daily occupation to the home station, and on ncaringa dry swamp they both exclaimed— Here's a traveller coming the .wrong road i The vision they saw repre sented a man carrying his blankets on bis back, but as he turned from the path into the swamp on their approach, they rode after him with the intention of showing him tho proper direction ; on nearing the sup posed traveller, one of my friends spoke to him several times, but not receiving any reply, .raised his whip to strike the man — when to the intense- hurror of both gentlemen, the phantom assumed a cloud-like misty form, and vanished from their view. Many people have since visited the spot, but no clue to the ghost's story has ever yet been discovered.' Cheap Railways. — The Queenslander says : — ' It would almost seem as though the French could outdo us in the construction of light railways for agri nnlf.nrnl mrrnnROS. TIifiPA is tinTO- nnnn niir £n.b?ft ft diagram taken from a French jonrnal illustrating a light railway used upon beetroot plantations. It shows a train of small trucks, each with its basket of roots, and one man is pushing eight of the trucks before him into the boiling house. By hooking the back port of each truck to the front of the one coming immediately behind, two wheels are made to answer for each ; the hist truck only having four wheels. The contrivance is very neat, compact, and looks serviceable. The railway is move able and complete, and costs less than 2s a yard.' A Fishy Story. — Last week, while the men on board the Murray snagging boat Melbourne wore engaged clearing a portion of the river near Swan Hill, they saw what they at first believed to be some hitherto unknown amphibious monster floating down tne stream. The small boat was lowered, and one of the snaggers jumpod into it, armed with a boat-hook, and in a few minutes had succeeded in harpooning the monster, and , was not a little surprised to find, on bringing the captive ', to land, that he had made a good haul of three Murray, I cod, all fast to each other, and weighing in the aggregate 851b. A fish of 301b had swallowed (or nearly so) one of 81b ; and another 471b weight had the tail end of the 301b fish down its throat, and could not disgorge it. This may appear strange to many who are not acquainted with (he voracious habits of the Murray cod, but is nevertheless a fact. — Riverine Herald. Stock Intelligence. — Messrs. Richard Gibson nnd Co. yesterday sold to Mr. William Eobert son, of Colac, for Mb FF herd, Mr. Eichard Morton's bull, Duke of Brunswick, for the sum of j£800, being, we believe, the highest price ever given for any single nnimal in the Australian colonies. Duke of Brunswick is now four and a half ycavs old, a rich roan, and before leaving England was the winner of seveu first prizes. He was purchased in Englasd by the partners of the late welj-known firm of Morton, Brothers, and Leach, and landed here in January, 1869, consigned to Mr. Eichard Morton, Mount Derrimut. Since his arrival in this colony he has been exhibited on three occasions at the shows of our leading societies, and in every instance . obtained first honours. As a sire lie has been equally successful, bis stock having invariably (excepfc once), when exhibited, taken first prizes. — Argus. * Suburban Improvements. — By direction of tho Mayor of Sydney (Michael Chapman, Esq.), the Elizabeth Bay-road, which turns off at the ton of William-street, thence passing the junction of Mncleay street, and continuing to Elizabeth Bay, has been so far improved as to form one of the finest carriage drives in the colony. The west side of the Elizabeth Bay-road, fronting Mr. Street's property, has been considerably improved ; and a Band bank, which at one time impeded the traffic, has been bevelled off and covered with the silt from the streets, the whole being sown with couch mass.' Previous to this work being commenced the fences of the property to the westward, as well as the plantations, were in imminent danger of being washed away. It is stated that on the grass sown in this embankment once taking root, the bank will be thereby strengthened and rendered firm. Borne portions of the bank ore covered fully eighteen inches deep, and as the bank rises, a greater depth of silt has been deposited. Although . this undertaking was only commenced five weeks ago, it has been completed fully a week, and the gross is already springing up luxuriantly. The- embankment measures 180 yards, and is en closed by a substantial three- railed fence ; its height will average about twenty feet, and operations are to be continued until the whole is bronght to a level surface. Tho entire length of the road leading to the bayis to be put in order by the corporation ; in fact, a portion of it is at present undergoing the procesB of pitching and metalling, by order of the Mayor. When this work is finished the property in (he vicinity Oi Elizabeth Bay will be enhanced materially, and serve to show the interest which his Worship ths Mayor takes, not only in beautifying our suburban carriage drives, but in pro tecting investors in landed property from loss, and affording easy access to tho various residences on the road. . 