HosrBa W .roLB.-W alpole is almost the first modern Englishman who found out that our old cathedrale were really beautiful. He discoved that a moat charming toy might be made of medi?tralism. Srawberry Hill, with all its gimeracks, its pasteboard battlements, and staiaedpaper.cearriane, was the lineal ancestor of the new law courts. The restorers of churches, the manufacturers of stained glass, the modern decorators and architects of all ranities-per haps we may venture to add, the Rlitualists and the High Church party-should think of him with Mind. nes. It cannot be said that they should give him a place in their calendar, for he was not of the staff of whirhb saints are made. It asw.u:very thin veneering of mediaeralism which covered his modern creed; and the mixture is not particularly edifying.. Still he un doubtedly found out that charoming plaything which, in other hands, has been elaborated and industriously constructed till it is all but indistinguishable from the genuine article. Some persons hold it to be merely a plaything when all has been said and done, and main. tain that when the root has been severed, the tree can never again be made to grow. However that may be, Walpole's friing was the first foreruaner of inech that has occupied the minds of much greater artists ever since. And thus his initiative in literastprs has been as fruitful as his initiative in art. The "Castle of Otranto" and the "Mysterious Mother" were the progenitors of Mrs. leadeliffe's romances, and prmbably had a strong intfuence upon the author of "Ivanhoe.' Frowning castles and gloomy monasteries, knights in armour, and ladies in distress, and monks and nuns and hermits, all the scenery and the characters that have peopled the imagination of the romantic school, may be said to have had their origin on the night when Walpole lay down to sleep, his head crammed full of Wardour- street curiosities, and dreamt that he saw a gigantie hand in armour resting on the banister of his staircase. In three months from that time he had elaborated a story, the object of whiob, as defined by himself, was to combine the charms of.the old romance and the modern novel, and which, to asy the least, strikes us now like an exaggerated caricature of the later school. SBoott criticisee thle "Castle of Otranto" seriously, and even Macualay speaks of it with a oer tain respect. Absurd as the burlesque seems, our ancestors found it amusing, and, what is stranger, awe ipsPriag. Excitable readers shuddered when a hel met of more than gigantic asie fell from the clouds, in the first chapter, and crushed the young baron to atoms on the eve of his wedding, asa trap smashes a mouse. This, however, was merely a foretaste of a series of unprecedented phenomena. At one, moment theld portrait of Manfred's grandfather, without the least premonitory warning, utters a deep sigh, and lheaves its breast, after which it descends to the floor with aI grave and melaneholy air. Presently the meniuls catch sight of a leg and foot in armour to match the helmet, and apparently. belonging to a ghost which has Fain down promiscuaously in the picture gallery. Most appalling, however, of all is the adventunre which hal ppened-to Conch Frederick in the oratory. Kneeling before the altar was a tall figure ina long cloak. & lse approached it rose, and, turning round, disclosed to him the fleah less jaws and empty eyesockets of a skeleton. The ghost disappeared as ghosts generally do after giving a perfectly unnecessary warning, and the catastrophe is soon reached by the final appearance of tise whole suit of armour with the ghost inside it, who bursts the castle into bits like an eggshell, and towering to warde the shy exclaims, "Theodore is the true heir of Alfolaso I" This proceeding fortunately made a lawnsuit unnenssary, and if the castle was ruined at once, it is not quite impossible that the same result might have been attained more slowly by litigation. The whole machinery strikes us as simply babyish, and sometimes we suspect Waloole of laughing in ris sleeve ; as, for example, in the solemn scene in the chapel, which closes thus :-"As he speaks these words, three drops of blood fell from the nose of Alphoaso'sa statue" (Alphonso is the aceptre in armour). "M.anfred turned pale, and the princess sank on her knees. 'Behold!' said the friar, *mark this miruc lous indication that the blood of Alfonso will never mix with that of Manfred!' " Nor can we think that the story is rendered much more interesting by Walpole'e simple expedient of introducing into the midst of these portents a set of waiting-maids and peasants, whlo talk in the familiar style of the smart valets in Congrose's or Sheridan's comedies.-Cornshill fagaczine. The uops and downe of life are exemplified (says the Herald) in reference to two of England's most famous d.ensenue in the following extrant from a letter lately receied from Paris:-" Tifa Grand Hotel is crowded, and its American as well as English visitors are in ec tasies of delight as they are under the same roof which shelters a king. The fur that warms a monareb warms a bear. The King of Portugal is lodging on the first floor with his wife. His Majesty is not the king reg nant; the king regnant's father. His consort is an amiable elderly lady. The last ocesion I had the honour of seeing her was on the boards of Mr. Lumley's opera-house in London. She was then attired in a white satin coat and doublet and hose, dancing a minuet with Taclioni. The latter is said to have lost count less thlousands which she had amassed, and to be now reduced to great poverty. Her partner, Fanny Eller, is wife to the Portuguese King. The once oelebrated duanseuse is called Countess of Elda ; her husbandcalls himself the Coude de Villarosa." A FsHnsa?nic SWnaLWED UP Bo QnUCESeeDS. The other day a young maln named Thompson was in mid-channel of the Solway, which at present runs not far from the Scotch coast, fishing his nets. Several other fishermen were engaged near him half-net fish ing, all being nearly opposite to Carlisle. While flsh' ing Thompson had occasion to step over a small bank into a pool of water, but no sooner had he touched the surface of the sand than hlie sank overhead among quicksand covered by a couple of feet of water. The rapidity of the terrible accident prevented the poor man's companions from saving him, and he was buioned alive among the sand. As the tide Bflowed shortly after the horrible occurrence the fishermen were pre' rented from making any efectual efforts to recover the body. 