T.W' t -s ? k'r E wE, TOU, ', t`ABsITS' OF. the dis5poa;: of te -?:ti b.'.nv ?bi oa'C ir.: r FuIloi baes an in'trqut4iigacctronflt tilsp vOiik,. . Il i i, c?hntiCes :ainsi and giv a iu ut nu. Io I r t . pi a . . . -n h 'r.' die pe" i :.. -' he dli:ue .Ld t ca. .iO ` sd upint , it 1 i'bbush li 'a u.Id? m mouhsu?owajsy h hiin p 'i y all crmi ing of hzidt '(1''r in ba st 4L t1reu gdo' n , bau4 h : p shrke schoone tooe o al'i fint -ign'tiuveweray 'iu ?tli' a xih.? m'm hanos b mr n 4i'utu'iia ani i,. L ic'y and t'h if etey 'sid; - that ne iii' anotheri the mih b of the younun s we m iitricnt paks .' the sleepimg .acex't tho }iiii en, f' a schooner ia1d.s:4ug the omiri _abliet sursetnthe natyies wvill poiti " 0 sand up into the a .iron aud w loy wi oitihir mouths towardsither sir in oijke' nerix ike the sun go down qastidkly, rind thicin ei pel the schooner to come to iiu asnchtiqo'se i the night in the chann el tiare th iiltins and enable them to get Lc Ii bar'nd aid obi tain tobacco, biscuits, &c.;, hicsi tlheuue i p tains generally tsupply tleirt e m i.th. w i'A man cannot marry a woman ui a tuh F his own tribe, and the children t.ir. stirl posed to belong to the m" other's tribe As a rule the nadtives will not teay phci k but I cannot get anv of them to give ;--' definite reason why they will not elit~i It seems a custom handed down to' thetien by their forefathers, and like nearly their customs and superstitious notions,~i they can merely say it is so, or, such is rthe the case, &c.; They are firm believers ain ghosts, and they assure me thati there 'are plenty in this islaBhd and thati- they can be seen at certain times. As a.rule they warte frightened to go down to the creek: at night-time. They believe that Sthere ib a devil (melloig), but theyi have' no idea of a God. To give you an idea ? how the natives have decreased in numbers, since they. haeo come in,contact with 'Europeans, Ir may justsay:-That on this island, wliich 'is about 85 miles long ,by 12.broad, there I are I think, not: more than 300 blacks; r? and yet there ire no less than ninee?en Sdistinct tribes. But stroig drink and disease, introduced among them by un goildly white people, have made suchhavoc Sanimong'them that the tribal bond; inniany instances, is alimost obliterated. Anrd like ia fewv sheep left from- many floedss, Sheiyy amam lgamate as a last resource.. And as .regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man, or the great. Sest hbully; takes. upon himself"-, to be` No.1 Although the aboirigines were.not ' diii f"tleio" habit of smoking before the arrivnl of the wvhite man, yet now sinced tobacro haiis been it roduced among. thaem, they.atre geat- smokers-men, Iwo Smen, and children. :' ,:.little girl ore boy, about two or itliiree years old may be seen: with a pipe il its mouth smoking.tobac co; yea, they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the bleast out i of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We db~ not suplily themn with tobacco, but they manage toget it at the town- I ships, alnti fomn vessels passinig . Thei -pipe is scarce over oiit .of their. mouths when they ire awake . . Ard 'argain, the .Europeans;not onuly_ supply- them ,with ricks of ciiras, but rlso take the. troubleo to teach them how. to play, so that we riot only have t; pIrealch Jesus.to;:thlen, but also' to preach; agavinst caidplaying,, for 'they.get so eongrosed iti playinggthem that they.wil lnot.leiave them to come to school, land snosetilmes nglect. their: food: 'There are parts or portions ofý the laIud. Wliieli' they -look.i upon, isis dividually theirs, on the ddath of, the fath'ieit des-, Sends to the sons. They ire cannibals; tlihjyeatithe young men when they die, and tle young wo imen, if they are fat .;:But cainnihalism is not so privalent among themr now' as?sit wiys before the vwhite nisur camine.;· When ti person dies, they skin himu(old ' maen :and women excepted) ;_the skin is dried imd ?eirried a'bout. by one of thie relatives as a sort of charum. i The bones and otliiher' ;parts ofthe- body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn.the?body And i:ai'ry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blickslo?me up; and" sometiines kill their enemics. : They generally shift their cump' when ,one dies aienoug.them. We have a native here ivhr,othey positively assert, ha.s eox tracted rope, stones, pieced of glass, &c.;, fromi. nai?ivdes ithat -were sick, they also affirmi that he can fly up like a bird, and thant he can go in the earth here, and coime out ag?nin at some considerable dis tance off, they 'also say 'that thejy cannot kill him ;nd thati he will uever'die. 