PRIMITLVIE IMETHODIST lIIAPrL ANNI. VERBARY, OR01KWELL, ON Sunday lnst two ourmone woro proeaohd in the above chapel by the ltov. D, Koney. Oollcotions at thle cloo of oeach servioo were made on behalf of tho chapol fund. The coogregatione wore largo, and listoned with tnoh attoention to the Improosive dis coursoe dolivorod, On Tuosday aftornoon n publio tea-monting wns hold. The tables, whioh worn provided in the usuac sumptuoll Imannor by the Orookwoll ladios, woro twioe curroundod by a numerous oompany. 'L'Ther were conlidorably over one0 hundrod persons presunt Afor' the tiblos were cloared, i? publio meetinlltg nOllmmonlnd. T'he RItv. II. IColny gave out a hymn, and the Re1v. J. ])olntm!n nllgaged in prt'veor. After whlich, oi the motion of ht Rev. it. I( Kenny, eHooondod by Mr. Franoii, Mr. Whiting junior toonic the chair. The Clhairlnlal il nlpprltpriato te urs introduced the hueinlsn oIf tho mettintlg, Iand callOd uplon Mr. David (ilby, who said hI Ihad nit oimpl du(ly to plrforml-vi.,i to imaol It flnancial Iltatlloont of Ithe fiuind of the chapll;. At the opellningl servioUI twulveu lontllhs It o th0orn wayi a duht1 rolmt iing on the building of £87 16,. 8d.; to which lind anut laddod unlndry expenou amountinhg to £7 1,d, AgainiH thiH lain of 6£95 d. 8d., thero hs11 hoon rn. coivud an income for Iho 0your of the oat1 of £11 Si.; tlH lavinug tan Intnlld debtt that day of £84 4d, 8t. '('hey Ilpol tihalt by tih eoluooti ons on Sunday, thei plroc dlll o the Il n uotoling, lan1d I ite o ol 11ion0 at thai moolintl to rollino thie sum of L14 4e. 8d., thus oleving oI round ulnm of £70 for lnllueing your3 . 11i wats very happy to moot no imany pronntl, nlnd iltO wan gIld to find uch largo eongrlglations on the Sunday n1simblod to h1cr the word of GodI. Mr. John Ilowalrd rmolmborod wull his first visit to O(rouokwoll a few yoUara ago, when thoro wIIA but on n prlOohing plllOul' with fow ntlonllnitnt, It was lthin altid thtt (0orn was rool nlough for tll ii tlit pllact of worhlip, and that the Prilnitive litlthoditH L ought to have jlitnd nl with oIlhors. The'y, how over, lovoed their own commllnion, and inow rt:joiced in i cruditbilo bulilding and a prosporolle church, iI) had booe a Primltive Motbodist thirty years, owed ill he had to theml, and rejoieod in their B0OOOO, 0, Mn r.. ilily thought money mattors had brought them thorn that dlay. Six or eoven youra ago they had no plaon of worship in Orookwell. Now there weor thtroo commIodioa, . reespoltbllo builditugo. They had built and they must ptay for it; and ho oonnidorod that they v50ro the man to do it. United effort would neoumplish much. In the soft rands, wheon he imd his brethren faetoned their x(lo0 to tile mud, they moaeod their power, and th1us pllnsntly ran tlrough thoir difficulty. This caus0 , whioh is your o01n11, i also our 11aue, and if we all hboartily unito i stmust go on. It did him good on the Sail. blth to find so many fathers and mothere with their children uniting in theo Ilralae of od, i Mr. ]i, Franoi haId hoard thcuo dobts comparod to n ghost, Coraintly roesponsibility reoted olnowhure, and it wise our duty to exert ov0ry power to remove the illnOtllIln alln poodily its po1siblo. 110 wa0 glad that so mu1 h good folling existed in Oroolcwell, and trustod that all thio hapols would be regularly filleod with devout worhlipprs, ''ilhe Oliran horn introduooced the quoction of the £6 188. 8d,, which it appoared was necosalry. in ad. dttion to proeooed of too to moot the expootation of the seoorotry. An animated and litoral flow of donitlonn, vary. ing from 208, to 2?a. Od,, spoodily oomploted thi1 desirablo arrangement. ' Mr. S. Gilby briefly addressed the meeting on the evil of debt, and urged a practical and continued sympathy with the objects of the church. The Rev. J. Penman had attended a large number of tea meetings and had observed one uniform result. Persons have entered with solid counte- nances, and have left the " cup which cheers but not inebriates " with those of plonluro ,r IHe would IlIt to have some of those meltings without money. sooking-all thie bonuty', the happinoss, and uono of the talk of debt. Il? tlhoulghlt that for such n now and small town is Orookwlil to havo throee ohurchoe aud a publio iohool in immoditeo prospoot, bespoko its reildents to bo a an enblo puoplo. tIIo Olway felt it oheortng to proeach in Orookwoll, thle ongrogations wore 0o largo nod attentlvo. Thero is lt the presont day cmuch roligious effort; thit is vigoroeu and con. etant, yet if more OChristlilo how voator would be our trlumphe, O, for the ploty dnd zeal of apostoilo times I He had no sympathy, however, with those who say that Chrietianity does not progress with the .ago. Never did tho Ohristian church mlak more rapid strldes, Within .her there nro giants in the moral world prnoahing the go0pol .Rellglous ordi nt1100IOe woro never more honoerod, iMon have prayed, !Lord mrnOho our great mon good mon," and signal anewera are shown ia the inoroesing number of good mon among the nobility of Greot Britain. Thero ida brlgljtor nod b1tter doy for the churoh yet. Walt until Asio reachos her meridian eplendour beforo nntiollpatig iny deoay. He thought that the members of the church ought to be well satilefed with the position of their flnnnoes, and conaldroed 1that groat credit wnl duo to them for the oxoollent structure they .had Or0titd., Thle RIlv. It. innlllly enlt very plonsud at the pro. gruns nl t11 motingilg, 1lo hd not to n1lt Ilhem for n fractlon, but ,imply to pril io the0 m for what Ilto) had dollO, 'Thert wits work for atll ollons of the church in Orookwoll, nos tonwher; i and good popldi 1an findopunleing for nsefulness il orory direlion, HIo must say that 1ie nover proohlod to 1i 11oro att(n hive peoplo than his Oroolktwll congroegltlon, and hae nove0r 1) belottor.nooeductod yount g mran and womenu in any pirt of the world. All that is nooded to 101lo them good and hllppy is vital Ohrlanleltly. 'Thu rev. geUtliuman rOlllld an anecdote appropriate to the cectloitan, and olntinuod to dwell on the Interest Ilng topuic of tho dlly. Votet of thonis w0ro neoorded to thio lnd1ln who had fulornihod tho(taules, to Itheo-chirmnl, and to Icuveral Irlande who had oigynlly neslatod ins the labour of thie meeting, ll Alter singing tie` doxology, nod the pronounlcin of the boaudiotiot, the mooltlng oloseod, Tui GrovntNon's Vts ' - 'The committeo 'rip pointed ut thu laeto pltllo meeting for the purpono of errangingafor a: diuuer to his Ipuletuoy met on Thubrsday evoning and determined to resign their appointment. A publio meeting has been called for Monday next at lour o'cloctk to consider what steps haull e toaken to welcome bi Exlcelloncy. It will hie teIn by the advrrtisnemnt that country residents are invitled to attend. At the former nmeetin not a single country resident 5w5a present, although the time was fixed in the allernoon specially to suit their onventc nllnctL DEATH OF MR. G. C. ALLMAN OF YASS. — We regret to hear of the death of Mr. George Cimitiere Allman, solicitor of Yass. Mr. Allman had for a long time been in delicate health, and lately re moved to Sydney, in the hope that change of air and scenery might he productive of some benefit. There was however no improvement; and telegrams re ceived on Wednesday and Thursday by his brother, the police-magistrate of Goulburn, gave reason to fear that he could not live much longer. This fear has unhappily been early realised, Mr. Allman having died yesterday about midday. The deceased gentleman was but of middle age, being we believe about fifty. He was the third son of the late Cap tain Allman, who many years ago filled the offices of police-magistrate at Wollongong, Goulburn, and Berrima. He was articled to Mr. George Cooper Turner, at that time civil crown solicitor; and after his admission to the profession practiced for a short time at Berrima, but soon removed to Yass, where he has over since re sided, securing the warm friendship of all his acquaintances and the general esteem of the inhabi tants of the entire district. Mr. Allman mar ried one of the daughters of the late Mr. North, formerly police-magistrate of Windsor and Berrima, and afterwards water-police-magistrate in Sydney. He leaves several children. The writer of this brief notice knew Mr. Allman well in his earlier years, and at one time was on the point of being articled to him; and he now feels it no more then his sad duty to bear testimony to the high honorable feeling that always characterised his conduct and to the great profeassional ability by which he was dis tinguished. The ranks of the profession contain few better lawyers, and no better man or sincerer Christian than Mr. George Allman. Timli GOounucON VsOLut.nrsse.-It is reported in town thaiit a 'bord to inquire into the vssrious dis puies that have occurred butwoon Captain Reel iand members of the G.oulbsren company of volunteors has beonn ppointed, aind that the hoard consists of Major Iatymond iand Captains Wells and Compton. From the circumstantiality of this report, giving the nalmos, theore soems resoun to belllvo tha it is correctt; but we huve assortained that the committee appointed sst ithe lato publlc meoting and who sent to the government i request for an inquiry, have not heard anything of the mutter. It may be r0snom5t borod that the publio meeting slsed, not for t board of inquiry but for ia pacial commission, and that the request was rtedo upon the ground that if a hoard woere ppointed consisting of olloeers, they would be under tihe control of Lioutonant.oolonol Riohardson, whoseo conduct was as much omplained of ls tshat of Captain Rossi himself -rightly considered, perhaps more so. COoUTaY MBAILt C0oMeuNslorr o.'-Mr. do Milhnu, postal inepeetor, is nowt on a tour to Tutnn, Crool(. well, and Whooe, with the view of:inqulirlig into corlain suggested alterations as to the course of the post to heose lilioos. Fuen.-On Tlhursday during the absence from home of iMr. John Doherty, farmer of Kingedale, his hoseo was burned to the ground and its contents untirely destroyed. AIrs. Doherty also waes absunt froml hsmo sit tihe time. Duhorty is as froo.seloctor, and this loss hflls with grout seoverity upon him. O'rsnoLto LIresrnlY AssooATrioN. - The usual weulily meeting of this asouelation on Wsdnosday evetning was largely attendesd, theo hair tseing taken hy tihe prsidont. One gentleman wall nominated for admissiaon to mlemberbhip. The presidont briefly introduand the business of the ovening its i cornmpoli. tlive reciltatiol for prizes given by the loev. Fathor Slittory, and announced tlllt the intending coem polilors wsre Messrs. J. (Gilleapio, T. O'Brion, Il. Mto U neuoll, sndt Piard. The pieceo selotod by the doeor of Iho prizes for reciltaton wes COmnr do Lion et the iBier of his l'lther. Places having bhen takenl by lot, the four compeitors delivered theo rool ttion in the ordelr in which their numes are given above; and ait the eeonclusion th adjudiloantors, thrno of whom Iid buen selotedl for thI oconsion, pro. nouneed unanimously in favour of lIr. ''. (O' Brisn as the winner of the first prizs, aind of Mr. Gillespie us the wilnert of thrheeoond, T it Rlov, Fiather S61tlery then awarded theI prIle,s, handing Io. Ilr. O'3reun, twelve volumes oof BIitler's Livesn of the Saints, and to M r. Gtileslni. as volumn of Grsttane's Speoehus. A vest of thlnksl was ouncordod to Father Sletisttry by aschlmation for his gUIerosIty, in giving thoe priess; andt in.ackllnowisldginli tule omplliment the reverend gontleman explained that. he hI d sso looted tie piooe for roeitation as it waes a truly Cu= tholio one n sd howd themllo that ceremonie unidl ia the church now wore used in it nine centuries sgo. A vote of tthanl( wnes leo accorded to the ad judicaturs. The Rov. Fatlher Moa Crthy thln nn nounsod that he would be happy. to give i prize for s competitive reoitation sit any time thebo ounil of thile seloty should think fit. The regular businoess lovingg boon conolloded before the usual elosing time, at the request of the president,; Mr. Jamos Me Go. yorn junior recited the poem of Mary Quoeen of Seols. The two successful competitors of thebo oven ing wore also called upon, and Mr. Gillosple roeitod lltingo oe tlse Rlhino, rand iMr. O'lIrlsn,the rOonllir's Child. The busineoss for next Wedneosday eveoning having ben announceod ats the reading of oosays, thi mooting terminateod .r Suaks or Laosse or Onows LANos,-Tiie loose of the portions of lahind in the nneoxod schedulo, swhich have Iooe applieod fort will Ibe put iup Ito nue tion it oloven o'olook on Tuousday Iho lthl Novonem. bur next, at Goulburn. Thoe upset price of each lot is at the rate of toen ahillings per suetion of 040 nors for theo hnlfyear coommonucing let July,.1872. The full price bid for 'each lot mtslt be paid down at the time ofsalo, in failuro of which the lot shall there. upon be again offered for salo ast auotion., Any lots not bid for will become opeon to selection without competition. Tracings hbowing these lands may be sooeen at the plaoo of sles,. The rent for the your 1873 must be paid on the day of eaels, and will be sat the minimum rate of £i per section of 040 nores pier annum:--bot 1, 640 notre, upset prioe 10s., county of Argyle, parish of Mrulu ni; lots 2, 3, and 4, l40 noroaeoolh, upaot price 10s, per lot, courty of Argyle, parlHh of Norong; lot 6, 700 nerea, upset prico lie,, county of Argylh, parish of Bunnahby; lots 0 and 7, 1140 orces ieoh, uposet prioe 10s, per lot, county of Argyle, parish of Blunnaby. MA.st.caLoutrtnt OAt?s?-The following cirOular has boon forwarded to the varions honeohs of nmagisc trates, respecting the coonmittail for trial of prisoners charged with manolsughtoe t--" Atlornny.Gaeneral's Doprlitment, sydnley, 1n h Merh, 11872. Oentlo. mon,-I am dirooted by the honorable the attornoy. general to elanlo, that In his opinion it la improper to ncommit for trihl ast qarlor.eoosslone persone ncoused of mnasshughtr I and I Tam therefore to Invito you to bhave the goodness to osend all sch oansos in future for trial to the oIroauit courts, or court of gaol delivery in Sydney, I have the honor to bhe, gentlemon, your obodient sorveant, W. O. PLVUv(ETn, under octror tlry," CHARGE OF MURDER.—At the Albury circuit court on Wednesday last, before Mr. Justice Cheeke, John Richard Poole was charged with murdering one David Pitcairn Hendry. It appeared that the accusted, who is a medical man, had been treating the deceased for delirium tremens, and during the time he was under prisoner's care, Hendry died. The jury, after hearing a great deal of contradictory evidence, returned a verdict of not guilty. 1lo01R SutOO0KS OPs'ItATIIQUARIxn,-Wo re informed that at shout half-poet one on Saturday morning lust and on Monday night at a quaroter to twelveo, ehoolre of eanrthquake wore felt by sveral of the inhabitants of Bathllurst, On the first mentioned day the vlibratllons were very salight; but on the second oceasion they were violent enough to siakulo thi fnrnilure in difforont housan und to awasien persons who were lying in bed esloep. WVo miy stto tlhaut the weanther has bosn excoedingly close wltlhis thie isast two or threo 'dlys and yesterday evening there was cvery uppearaunoo of heavy rain. IhUthllrat Tineso, Tlu Y'?Aso PARtIo0nsA AND OAemOUrTlle A SooUtnrv's Mnlta',.--'Th'e design supplied by a friend of the prneloont of the seseolstion ind npprovd by the commllio, )lles boon yore boaslieully photo. graphad y iMr, It. Isxlter of Yness, a copy of whish has leoon toelteously (forwardod to us by lMr. Shaws, the hn, secrotary, 'Th'l desorlptlion of the mdesign hls alrundty hioens publishbod. PIhotogrlphAs of the mnedil were forwarded th his MEnsclloney the Govornori who:ls patron of the nssoolhtlon, snd the other day worn noknowleoldgd by tihe following nioto s-" 10th Oetober, 1872.-.1r-.i am direoted Iy htle. EJxoaullonoy the Govornor to convoy to you lie thenlts for thoe phtogroph of ithe Yuss Agrl. ostiursl Saoutoly'n now modil sent In your letter of yeosterduy, in well ts for the description of the design, which nobmpnnied it;.: I have the honor toi be, eir, your very obedient servant, G. II, do Robaok. John Shaw, Esq., hon. seo. Yess Agricultural and Pastoral Associationi."-Yals Courier. Gaorarow.-Monday.-The lion. John Sutherland returned from an inspection of the Newton Bloyd Road on Friday. lie con.iders the road the greatest picea of Ongineering work of tho kind in tho colony. lie visited the Australian Most- Preserving Works and Upper Clarence on S aturday, by teomer. The.r waH a publi picnic on the onrsoion. lie loft crlly to-day for Sollerino guld-flnhle, and intends to return about Thursday) , tlnd to leave for Sydney ohout S.turday. The oddfollows-Stair of the EaIst Division-presonted him with an uddress on Satur day,-Telogrim to S, . lIerald. 'ITAtirteo -Mr, Gotllhr K. MIann, government engineer at the Dry Dockt, Cocltktoo lahind, in a letter, states the following mothods of preparing bloste will be found safound expoditiout:-Firstly Insert a length of patent or 13ickford's fuse in the junmpor-hol snfumiointly low to be well in contact with the charge, loading the other and to thebo sutrfaco the requisite distanco for time,. Secondly carefully lodge the charge, making aore that the lower end of the fuse is in porlot contact withit. Thirdly-pack with a wooden rammer on the top of the charge a wad of paper or other suitable materill, taking care not to disturb or injuro the fuse. Lastly-Fill up the surfino by pouring in carefully dry oven sand, the finer and more unilorm the better, when the blast will bh reody to eo fired. It is requisite that the uand filled in should be compact, but it it is riot requisite to ren it. AontLatuu.-lMonedy.-A lbarge numborof epplona tions have buoo sent in from persons in the locality for shares inl Wdtiamtn' Gold-litinitg Compuny (Limited). This result is coneequent upon the suo cossful crushing of Saturday, whon from 130 tons of stunt the yield was 1048 oza. of aomasn. Thorn are yet 300 tones of this parool.--Telogrnm to Empire. AittntounsE.--Monday.-Mr. Francis has tloe tgrphoed to-day to Sir Jomos Mo Oullouh, who is in Sootlhnd, to the effeoot tht t he is ppointod agent geneural,.-The text of, the decision Ip the Pontal nlaund oone was received by the mail.-Tuoeday. It is advertised that the Thootro IRoyal will ho opened on the Oth of Novomnlihr.,-Tho congregation of the Soots' Churchollir, Cllineltr, inted to erect a now building it a cost of £20,000,-Oorroepondenco relating to the border customne duties hBe boon laid before parlimtoent. Mr. Francis, in a loiter dated 12th instant to Sydney, says the objection to the troaty is that the government will lose all control over the duties on morobandiso nnaseig up the Murray from South Australia, Unless those re quiroementools re.conceded or provided for atilnfao tirily, negotiations must coase. This government will not allow iunrostrained trade from South Aue. tralia without n stipulaition for payment of dolloti. Mr. Franois regrets that we oannot obtain uniform oecise laws with regard to tobnoco and spirits. The last Intter of Mr. Franies is dated 16th.--A despatch roeltiveo to tio mail service has boon road by the treasurer. It is stated that under an offer by tho imperial government the colonies may obtain a fort nightly service for less than they now pay for a four wooekly servioe. The government contomplated intimating its willingness to acquiesce in the ar. rangemnot, and that, in view of the expooted onady acquiescence of the other colonies, Victoria would tito the responsibility of entering into a contrato Meulbourno tobe the tortminus.of the route. It is proposed to inform the imporial government and the other colonies to this effeot. If any other colonies hold back it is rocomuuietndd still to advise parlia mont to enter into the arrtngemont as the best, and expros ait willingnoess to contribute a roeonablo pro portion of the eoot of theI Onliforian routo, but not to incur any lilability on account of the apeo route. Proposals are also to be made to the other colonioes in view of subsidising the iulogrnph line, for the por pose of heapoening English messagees.-Telegrams to hydney daily paprers. A Ttomtlloln Wro n -t.--Mr. O ox; who will go down to posterity with even a smaller volume, in the shapo of the historioal pooltut-booln, tunder his arm than did the poet Gray, hle brought baokl with him from Englind ia few moentooes of the claimant, andt amnonrg themn it very hianlsomo and valuablo gold ntop-wtloh, originallly the property of Sir Alfred Tiohborne, the youngor brother of Sir Roger Tioh. btrnte, Upon the death of the former the watch came into the possession of the Dowager Ldly Tioh hiorn, whoso initials it bears, nnd by whom It wasn given to the eolimant, whenco it passed to its pro. nitt possessor. Apart' from .it interesting nesoeli tions, in tho. filto of the many, fqroovs v aieteotl.t pnooketsiin which?it has reposed, the witlo is of high intrinale vlue, lbeing jewelled in inonumi'rbloe lioso with very lino stones, posoeni,,g a doublo dial by which tlh'timn of two meridians may be Itepi; the ordinary double stop, markte the quarter secoonds, the days of the tmotb,.auld does it variety of other use ful wtloh-work. It wats mado by Hlarry Emtanuel, and originnlly cost, we bolive, oighty-live guineas, -WoggR Wogga Exproess S'r. PAvuLo UCttvuon, RoocntATrro?,.-Tho hand. some manner in whichll tile Rev. Mr. Loigh'e purishioncor responded to his eloquent appeal for nhaurliptions to build a church suitable for tbohre quiruments of the pliac, plinrly shows that hitherto we have never buhad theright man in tile right place, or one who know so thoroughly well how to go shout his businese in ai real workmanlilto manner. The sum collootod for the above purpose amounts to nearly £060; and from what may be oonelderod t very linuited body of ohurhmeon, is no creditable to thoemselves no is complimentary to their olergymann. Such it genoroue response to tho.ur'gont require. monte of church nacommodatlon, taking the state of the thimu into anoouont, we cornfoes toolik us by our prise. Mr, Luigh loeertainly quocood'd in orenting an enthusiasin in ohitrol mutters whichl is coitnin to be aIttendd with thet heat `re~oit) moroioovOr, hli is not one likely to lbt the grass grow under his foot-in puihirg forward tbo dtesirod object.: Another uhob eollectiotn, tind we think the now, church .may be oenmuninood, The town hno boon tcitivoly canivasoel during tho lhialt week for churobh purposeso by the lmayor and Mr. Boddkl, and, we air happy to add, with marked eoosse.-DBlletll in, Atmonun iltotwoA Rloniuoit.--eoorgo BDrming. haim ain Jamoa Kelly wore brought up on romand it the Wagig polioti court on Tuesday lcharged with highway robbehory. Mr. Fitzhardinlto appeared for the prisoners, and applied that the 'portlio of Sergeant Carroll's deposition relatting to a previous conviction of one Georgo Birmingham for highway robhory be expunged. The henoh took a note of the eljootion, and the onease proooeded, Peter Mo Donald, a cook reooently employed at Korarbury station, dleoloned that ho.had known the former prisonor for about five months, and the laltoer for throe monthsbe, land full In with them on Saturday last at Stratfull's notil, Nrandrdnr, where witness changed it ohequao and shouted for the two prisduner several times,' Whenwitness loft, he wont up the river in company with thrnem and another man whom he did not.ktnow. HIe got intoxioated about lthroo miles outsiede Nirano durn, and found himoself, when he recoverood his senses, lying on the road, and all his money gone, and Ilis swng turned over; VWitness went bnokr to Narandera and gavoiforomatlon to the police, Ho Idost betwoeen £3 and £4, he believed, In oroes.oxamnlatlon by Mtr. Filshanrdingeo,witnos neid that tho obequo was for over £ Os, IIo elarted out of Narandera at ablout eleven o'olook enm, In oompany with the prloners?, and tookl a bottle of brandy with hIlm. Prisonerse wore diasobharged.-Wagga Woggo Exproess , 