THE DIPHTHERIA COMMISSION. (From the Daily Telegraph.) To the great value of the report of the Diphtheria Commission we have borne willing witness, and the portance of its main conclusion grows upon consideration. There does not appear to be a flaw in the evidence which has been collected in favour of the inhalation of sulphur fumes, and the boldness of the commission in announcing it as the specific against the mysterious malady, which haunts men as a bpxfot, would appear to be fully justi fied. And the sneers of the pinned pro- fessionals who shut themselves out of the honours of the discovery in their haste, and are repenting at their leisure, may be set down at their true value also, which will be very small. After the event, everybody Is remarkably wise. All the courtiers could make the egg stand on end after Colon of Genoa had performed the feat; all the medical critics, it seems, were aware of the value of sulphur, now that the commission has reported—though up to date the majority of them have fought with their little victims in order to burn their throats with caustic, and have witnessed as unavoidable the child losing vitality with its screams, and too often giving up the ghost, exhausted with its struggles. In none of the recognised treatises does the sulphur course appear to be recommended or mentioned. Individual practitioners have experimented with it successfully, but to the commis sion 'is due the honour of bringing their experience together, contrasting it with that of others, and presenting the outcome in an available form. The ancient character of the disease is admitted. Under general names it seems to have been known to all the races, like their general gods, and this circumstance makes the promulgation of a specific all the more noteworthy. Of course, it was led up to by the currency of events, but so was Jenner's discovery of vaccination. There is a great deal of honour to be claimed for our commission. What we desire to point out here, however, is the amount of work that remains to be done. The jealous doctors need not despair of yet winning fame and honour in this field as great as that which now attaches to Messrs. M'Crea, Gunst, Reid, and Lloyd. Important as it is to obtain a knowledge of the best and most available antidote, which is what this commission has given UP, it is equally important to ascertain the cause of the disorder, and this remains to be discovered. As long as diphtheria exists, it must carry off its victims by the thousands in the world, for it will steal into a household unawares; and yet, if we knew the cause, we might control the epidemic as small-pox and typhoid fever can be controlled. But here all is mystery still, and a wide field is left open to the intelligent individual observer. THE commission are strongly of opiiuon that the disease is zymotic, that is, it is of a fermentative character, due to some living germ which acts like the live yeast does in dough ; but then all the other zymotic disorders are traceable to malaria and filth, and they take their rise in places which are foul by nature, like the delta of the Ganges, or in localities which are rendered loathsome by man, like the bed of the Yarra. Diphtheria appears to defy this rule. Important English evidence has been quoted in these columns on the subject, and now the commission says :—" It attacks indiscriminately the rich and the poor, the well fed and the poorly nourished; those who live in the best houses, under the most advantageous hygienic conditions, as well as those who live iu badly- situated, ill-drained, andill-ventilated hovels. Very often, as in Richmond, the inhabitants of the wealthy, class situated onhighground, are mroe liable to the disease than the poorer classes living on the badly drained flats below them." The conditions under which typhoid fever strikes high and strikes low—levelling the prince and the groom—are familiar to all, and all can guard against the danger; but here wc are ignorant, and are the more amazed and the more frightened on that very account. The results of drainage, and of ventilation, and of situation, have been carefully considered, but there is no word of the effects of light. Two of the worst cases referred to in the report of the board occurred in rooms which it is evident must have been half darkened, but we only learn this fact incidentally. And we know the dangers of gloom and the value of sunlight in other instances. In the deep and narrow Alpine valleys, where the direct rays of the sun are little felt, the hideous goitre prevails as an epidemic, and rickets or deformities, crookedness, or swelling of the bones, are very common in England among children who are kept in dark alleys, cellars, or mines; and a still more suggestive circumstance is the well-known fact that the animalcule which eat up decaying organic solutions do not appear in the darkness, but are readily organised when light is admitted. " Those who live in the best houses, under the most advantageous hygienic conditions," to use the words of the commissioners, have generally one room shaded from the sun, surrounded on three sides, and very often on three and a half, by other apartments, and this is the room which is often used as a nursery. Its delicious coolness and darkness recommend it, and yet there is the suspicion that the " well" room—for these apartmeptsare like wells —may be a lurking place for the poison germs. AH accident which occurred to a person liring in Little Bourke street, named Benjamin Elliott, on the 19th ult., apon whom a horse fell, has terminated fatally. Elliott died on Monday in the Melbourne Hospital, and an int^uert wm bel4?. 