ROME AU REVO IB. ? « ? (Special Correspondent of the Boston Pilot.) ' from lands of sun to lands of snows.' 1\. Buchanan Read's Poem 'Drifting.' Out through the walls of Rome, within a few yards of the Porta Maggiore, the iron horse, whose breath burns, and the palpitations of whose heart are heard afar off, brings the traveller away from the Eternal City. I re member so well that dull cloudy morning two years ago, wnen every iresn prospeuo oi me home of our hearts vras greeted with a fresh hurrah and with moistened eyes. To-day, the parting from it was silent and sorrowful. Such a farewell was becoming to the time and to the occasion. When sorrows are deepest they are dumb, for language halts when it attempts to embody the higher emotions of the heart, and the moat beautiful of our thoughts always seem to be that portion whiph we cannot convey to others. The affections are strung to a certain, pitch, and seem to be ineapable of being touched except in that same key to which they have so long been accustomed. Thus, then, when the Tomb of the Baker Eurysacea flew rapidly past in its qualntness of form, the emo tion it awaked was of brilliant scenes in its neigbourhood where the Artists held their feasts, and came around its base to proceed to fcheir fair at Cervaro. It was soon passed, and its memories went with it. A numbness came over one's feelings, and, although looking out at the rapidly flying landscape, there was but little speculation in the gaze. The campagna spread its level sameness away to the base of the Alban Hills that rose purple against the pale light of the young day. A tomb in reticuc lated brickwork, built by nobody knows who, and to the memory of nobody knows whom, comes into view for a brief moment and is gone into the land of shadows and of memory like its tenant. The sGenery around is like the people who dwell here — now smiling and beautiful, and anon frowning and rugged. Fields fair as poets' dreams break on your vision, and immediately after the sideB of the hills are seamed with water courses that show where torrents have poured with an almost human rage, and which remind you of the withered and wrinkled faces you sometimes meet with among the peasantry of the Campagna, that show, in the brownness of their colour, and in the lines that time or passion has marked upon them, the traces of sunshine and storm. There are groups of holm oaks with the few leaves lefb on them, brown and dried and dead, oaly waiting the next breath of wind to whirl them away to the grave. Even now the motion of the train seems to sweep them circling down to the earth, and the trees look more pitiful and deserted than heretofore. They are swirled helplessly through the air, and last spring they trembled with de light at the breath of the zephyr, and whispered joyously togeach other till the whole air was ( tilled with their delicate murmurings. But I they will come again, and the sad, naked trees shall again be clothed in glory, and the rigors of the winter shall pass by as they have before. There are trees, however, that have no leaves to shed, and that will not be renewed. Their summer is past, and they dwell in perpetual winter, i have seen them to-day almost branch less, wholly leafless. They have had their day, and they have outlived their time. No peasant takes shelter near them, no herds seek them in the summer. Rude, rugged, blasted by light nings, beaten on by the rains and winds, black ened by age, they stand lonely remnants of a past for ever gone ; and they are their own monuments — monuments that are decaying. It is difficult, under tke circumstances, to help drawing comparisons ; and instinctively we re gard the vigorous tree, that is despoiled by the winter s wind, but which cherishes wishin it the renovating sap that will bring leaf and blos som in the coming day, as a picture of the city we are leaving, which now is sad in the mourn ing and spoliation of winter ; and the other lonely and blasted tree, that stands darkly out against the sky, without hope of rejuvenation, without expectation of a spring, as the powers — Ohurches and States — which have risen up against Truth, and which are now their own sepulchres . What wealth of color in the landscape ! The earth is brown, while here and there a rock of snowy whiteness rises like a swan amid the waters. By tho side of a stagnant pond, or near a river which reflects the blue heaven and the brown earth, as the soul reflects the heavenly aud the earthly, grow long red reeds that are twice told in a mirror, and which add an inde scribable charm to the scene. Sometimes we come upon a portion of water, greenish in color, ? — — ? — ? '»^i ? | and again pale white. The hue of the land I around is ever varying, and the inhabitants have t a peculiar interest of their own, either from their - occupations or from their picturesque costumes I Indeed, the only living thing seen from time to ^ time is a hapless and unfortunate ass, which haa ' been turned out to gather what he may in a field ? whose greenness has been transformed into a i dreary brownness, and which seems to be as bare ' in the way of grass, a3 an anticipated billiard ' table. The hapless animal turns a piteous look ' upon the passing train, and meekly bends down I again to his Barmecide feast. The cows appear to have forgotten their natural habits, and have taken to the rocks like goats, seeking something to stay their evident hunger. The fields are deso late, and seem to have been sown with stones at an early period of their formation, and produce an excellent crop of this undesirable character There are pebbles numerous aa poppieB in a* cornfield when the land is unkindly ; there are boulders rounded like those which border a rocky coast, and which the dash of the waves haa rendered smooth. There are great masses of stone such as were heaved from the bosom of i volcanoes in the ages when History was silent of I all that was done on the earth. As we near Terni the characteristics of the scene all merge in one, which may be described as craggy; The river— the Velino, so cele. brated by Byron — daBhes along at a rapid pace and makes itself heard above the din of the railway. A bridge, or rather the ruins of what was once a bridge, are now visible and repeat to you again the superiority of the ancient Roman architecture. Time seems to have no effect on. the remains of Roman greatness, and one wonders much less at seeing them still standing, than at finding them in ruins at all. Near here there is an excellent bridge of the Middle Ages with a tower on it vrhere toll was demanded* C«*JIV4 1VUU1D IfilD OUVIEUJ Iff Cl O UUU JJ Cl ililb UCU ' DUb all thia sinks into insignificance in presence of the grand pillars and noble arches that remain of the ancient bridge. But the simpler and less noble is the more useful in the case of these two bridges, as in many other eases. Terni is full of memories to me, and there is' probably none more salient than that of the guide Angelo who conducts foreigners to the celebrated cascade, and describes its beauty with an artistic manner and a hearty good-will, al though he has been telling the same story over and over again for the last forty years, sometimes even twice or thrice on the same day. He apparently neglects nothing, and brings you, with the same freshness as if he had just learned the fiction, and as if he believed it too, to the place where Napoleon I. stood to contemplate the roaring mass of waters. Un« fortunately, half what Angelo says must be taken with a grain of . salt. 1 had seen the fall aa the laet rays of a summer's sun lit it up with a golden glory, and when the full moon rose above the descent a rounded globe of mellow silver, tinting the tops of the trees with its solemn light, and turning the valley into a scene of enchantment such aa the sweetest visions can scarcely realize. And Angelo pointed out the points for seeing the view at its best, conducted our footsteps over the slippery rocks, and brought us safely through almost ht terminable mazes of overshadowed pathways, where stray moonbeams played en the leavw that trembled with the breadth of the Vesper breeze. No wonder that poets have sung his praises. He merits it all. An English poet, whose works are aa well known in America as in England, has made him the theme of a pecu« liar stanza, which for its wit deserves a record. Along the Lake of Thrasimene day was dying out, and the red glare in the skies told of storm for the morning. Florence was reached, and the snow was everywhere, except in the streets, where the feet of the passers-by had trampled it into mud and slush. I had left the land of the sun, and the. land of the snow, of which this was the beginning, was opening out before me. At the Church of St. Maria Novella the wor shippers were shivering as they heard Mass, and across that Piazza where Savonarola was buraed they threaded their way with difficulty, striving to avoid the melted snow which had gathered into tiny lakes. What a peculiar place thia ia ; the facade of the church is crumbling away, and the Piazza in front looks dreary. Perhaps it was tho memory of the place, perhaps it was the effect of the weather, but, whatever it waa, there was a deadness about the quarter. Go vernments don't burn disobedient priests nowa days — they make them professors. If Savona« rola was more subservient to the lords of Flor ence, he might have waited long enough before he should be tortured. The people say that Florence has become cheap as a place of residence since the capital went to Rome. But if the capital has gone, the King comes here. I saw him soon after my arrival. He had come to visit what ought to be his son in-law, the Marchese Spinola, who was ill, and who is since dead. This late Marchese was the husband of the King's daughter. The mother of this lady was Rosina, the Countess Minafiori — the only lady who ha3 been able to retain the affections of the King, and she has succeeded for about sixteen or eightsen years. She lives a retired sort of life in the neighbourhood of Pisa, and it is quite a common remark among the Italianiasimi in Rome to say : ' Victor Em manuel has gone off to Rosina.' They are a fa miliar and indulgent people ! From Florence to Tuiin we had rain— a bodi less rain, like the ghost of a heavy shower — and this permeated everywhere, and seemed to come up as well as come down. It was an Italian inu- tation of a Scotch mist, and was as blinding as that, for objects were uudistinguishable a few yards off, and those that you did see appeared like bodiless shadows. Fogs or mists are very rare in Italy, so that this was somewhat of a novelty. Mount Vesuvius occasionally presents a real cloudy miat, and in ascending it; you pass through solid clouds, which drench .you, and on which shadows are cast with as much distinct ness as on a wall. When the mist finally cleared away, the pros ^nTnot comforting, -was picturesque. The Shad much snow upon them, and there was b £ of winter generally about. The little a? Or»a that trickle down the mountain sides 8trea?aueht by the frost and fixed into solidity. Kv formed spires with the points disjointed from the rocks, and as the light ahone on them, fw were pale green, blue, or brilliant white. ThJv were nature's spires, and more beautiful i /the dome of Milan, and more varied. At S2na thHnow had it all its own way. The Be country round was wrapped up m snow ; ^nvered houses like furs ; trees glistened all I with it, as it rested on every branch, the tinient ; fields looked Jike large sheets *Vrnnk to bleach ; and there was a hush upon Ia movement. In Turin the statue of Vin evern rtioberti, which is usually bareheaded, had S utiS jaunty-looking cap of snow, and the I I in bis hand had grown larger through the b00 Lencv I* was, indeed, a flight to the Thc regions. A few days before leaving Rome SI ; thermometer, when placed in the sun, regis 1 ! Tfi9 decrees Fahrenheit, and 40 in the shade. 1 *?Sd._S,of son to lands of snows,' physi I J\v and metaphorically, is the journey that I I S £n making. The track of the usurper 1 S the destroyer w deeper in Florence and m I Sn than it is m Rome and the coldness of 1 -religion nieefc you m a hundred signs. In Turin 1 Ua fa periodical called 'Antichrist,' which 1 tme(j n om the title of itself and its articles, i rend'er itself worthy tke name it takes. The m Lol, of the Unita Cattolica is termed Satan ; p and others, who are known to be Catholics are i treated in like manner. Eg.' i. J-i. L-. S- ? _. 