A SEANCE IN A FASHIONABLE NEW YORK CHURCH. THE New York Herald reports what it gravely calls " one of the most extra ordinary and interesting manifestations of psychic force which has ever ap pealed to the credulity of intelligent men and women," and gives the fol lowing relation as the "faithful and serious statement of an eye witness, who intends simply to tell the truth " : — " Sunday after Sunday last summer a table, standing immediately under the little desk from which is weekly announced the Gospel according to Beecher, in New York, showed une quivocal symptoms of being thrilled by the fervid oratory of the 'Young Men's Apostle.' As everyone knows who has attended Plymouth Church, the preacher and the audience usually settle down to serious business at about the middle of the ' pre-sermon' prayer. It is Mr. Beecher's custom at this point of the service to ' let himself out' with that good earnestness which is the chief secret of his success as an orator, and after a few sentences of passionate rhetoric, the congregation willingly abandon themselves to his magic spell. At times, indeed, the audience seem enchanted ; they sit motionless as the men in that Eastern tale who had been turned into stone by the wand of a wicked magician. It was at this juncture that the disembodied spirits who, viewless to the gross vision of mortals, delighted to haunt the pre cincts of the temple, were wont to betray symptoms of agitation. And they ' manifested' their excitement after the customary fashion of modern ghosts by an attack upon a table that 'middle reporters' table.' which is one of the most conspicuous objects in the church. The table began to move to and fro, slowly at first and then faster, with a weird, tremulous, sliding motion that stirred the souls of those who looked on with solemn awe. As 'Amen ' closed the invocation to the Deity for wisdom to know the right and strength to hold fast to it, the dumb furniture, which thus be trayed the sympathetic energy of the dead with these grand aspirations of the living, tipped up and down — so violently, indeed, as to throw the pencils of the scribes upon the floor. Through the sermon the manifestations were even more marked. Those things, wonderful as they are, occurred not once or twice, but many times. They were only stayed by the dispersal of this set of reporters to other tables. Yielding to a mistaken fear of Mrs. Grundy, a vigorous effort has been made to hush up these interesting and instructive illustrations of an unex plored force of nature. We are assured by eye-witnesses that there was no possible concert among the reporters to move the table, and that its gambols continued in a more demonstrative form than before after every human being near by bad drawn back their chairs several feet from it. These movements, also, which at times as sumed almost a saltatory earnestness, curiously corresponded with the out flow of the currents of Beecher theology. Whenever the preacher made an effec tive peroration, he thrilled the table as well as his hearers, while in seasons of merely ordinary interest the table had scarcely a perceptible motion." 