THE STORY-TELLER. HOW ONE GHOST WAS LAID. By Shirley Brooks. (From the Christmas number of London Society.) I did not particularly want to b e mar ried. I had managed to live, more or less comfortably, for thirty years without ever once getting married. I had not given any distinct consideration to the question of marriage, and I have always held the conviction that it is a matter demanding i a great deal of consideration. I have read this in books, good and bad (espe- cially the latter), many of which were in the French tongue. At all events, when I went off to Marrow-gate for some weeks of my long vacation, I had no more idea that I should return to Tanfield Court, Temple, E.G., an engaged man, than that I should return the owner of Fountians Abbey; of which sacred but ruined edifice I should be exceedingly sorry to deprive a nobleman who keeps a noble place in such noble order, and whose menials bring you such clean knives and plates for your pic-nic with his afiable peacocks. I went to Marrow-gate to rest myself after a good deal of hard work, and harder pleasure, and not with the slightest intention of changing the position in life in which it had pleased my guardians to place me, that of occupant of the chambers in the Court I have mentioned. But you cannot do just what you like in Yorkshire, or in any other English county with which I am at present ac- gquainted. I find though a great number of per- sons go to Marrow-gate, the most part do not volunteer the information they have been there, and are rather inclined to pass over the narrative of their sojourn on the moor, Or else they praise the place as it deserves to be praised, but take great pains to impress upon you that they went only to please somebody else. The wife's husband wanted bracing up, or the husband's wife was disinclined to the racket of a fashionable watering place, or a German tour ; the one sister you speak to went because Julia and Ellen had been advised to take the waters, and the brother was merely in attendance on dear old mater and the girls. But, as I have said, that I find a great many personss know Marrow-gate as well as they know Hastings or Scarborough, I propose to save myself the exceeding trouble of describing the locality, Lo cal description is a drudgery which should be performed for a writer who has something else to write about besides rocks and trees. I believe that I should myself, had I been an author and not a lawyer, have composed some very beauti- ful novels, but for my fear of the intro- ductory chapters. I never saw the use of them, for my own part. When you want to know what Lord Charles said to Mrs. Asbestos, and what arguments he used to make her run away with him, what do you, care whether they stood on a moun- tain road commanding a view of eleven counties and seventy-four churches, or whether the objectionable nobleman plea- ded beside a lake round which flourished the fauna of the southern shires ? Did he or she notice the churches and the foliage? The good old novelists, who had plots and characters, we are told, cut all this sort of thing very short indeed. I, also, shall cut it very short. Marrow gate is two hundred miles north of Lon- don, and it is a moor, with a few houses on the upper part, and a great many—in fact, a handsome little town—on the lower. Its chief product is the most beautiful air in England, not negatively but absolutely fresh. There are also sul- phur and other wells of the utmost virture and nastiness. People who like coarse reading may look up the account of Mar- rowgate which is not spelt so, nor yet the right way, in 'Humphrey Clinker,' but I do not advise that study. If you want to go to Marrowgate, you may take a mid- day train. This gives you time for a comfortable breakfast before you go, but then you arrive to late for dinner.—that is, the table-d'hôte dinner. You will perhaps notice, towards the end of the journey, that none of the stations have name-boards, and you may think that the inhabitants of the district are ashamed of something, but I be- lieve this is not the case, and that they are not much worse than other persons. You can choose your hotel in accor- dance with your idea of comfort. Mine turned out to be very comfortable, for I did not select one of the new houses where folks enjoy themselves in London fashion, with much music and dancing, and sit up late into the night. I went to the oldest and quietest and the most aris- tocratic--well, everybody called it so. I do not know how we were more aristocratic than our neighbours, as I never visited the latter. But we were ladies and gentlemen, some of us with inherited titles, and some with titles won with swords, or paint-brushes, or politics, and we made a very pleasant society. The hotel was excellently managed, as is every place from a country to a shop, that is under feminine direction, and, though there were a great many of us, one felt, and it was pleasnt to feel, that one was an entity for one's kind-hearted hostesses, and not a mere No. 87 to be debited with brandies and seltzers. We were good, too, for we dined at 5 o'clock on Sundays, to let the servants go to worship, as I trust they did, for I heard a high character of the episcopalian and sectarian clercial men in those parts. Also we made many excursions, for there are many delightful places within reach of Marrowgate, one of which is Fountians Abbey, already mentioned. We went in large parties, had carriages and waggonettes, and ample stores of refreshment; and such expedi- tions, the expense being divided, cost each of us very little—in money. In money, very little, I repeat, avec in- tention, as the French stage direction I consider, and shall always consider, however much an event, which is likely to take place after Christmas, may seem to contradict me that the conduct of Miss Isabel Laura Grant, in reference to tran- sactions with me at Marrowgate was—I do not wish to use strong words—indefensible. This term can give no offence, because she contends, and will always contend (if I know her character), that her conduct needed no defence. Bella—it has come to that, and the name is easy to write—knew that I had no wish to be married, for I myself told her so in Marrowgate Pump eroom, within a few days of our meeting. Moreover if she had made up her mind, ps proved to be the case, that the non-ex- istence of this wish should be utterly for gotten, she ought to have satisfied self, by some kind of inquiry, that no person had a claim upon my affections. But about this she took no sort of trouble in the world. Then, when she had one way or another brought matters to a crisis, at which it became necessary for me to speak plainly, and proceed from a hy- pothetical cottage of love to a statement of income, a young lady of an exalted. nature would have pointed out that I ought to consider well what I was doing, that there were other young ladies, even at the hotel, with personal and pecuniary advantages equal to her own (and she knew at least three of them to be disen- gaged—I say she knew that), and would, had she acted like a true friend, as a girl who aspires to the sacred duties of wifehood ought to be able to act, have done anything but precipitate a result of which neither of us had dreamed that day month. There was no such considera- tion shown; and so resolved was this young lady to give me no chance of re- weighing consequences, that as we walked over the fields, from the Mont- pelier Spring (her sisters, Maria and Lousia preferred riding back with the rest of the waggonette party to break- fast, and I believe had been incited so to do by Bella), she actually told me that I had made her so happy. I will do her the justice to say that she had the grace to blush in making this statement—at least I think so—but the road goes through a long railway tunnel, which is rather dark. Anyhow, she figetted a good deal to get her veil right as we emerged. Well, the thing was, done, and though I was not prepared to express regret that it was so, I repeat that I was not allowed fair play. That expedition to Fountains Abbey had clenched the nail that was to unite Bella Grant's fate with mine. The box- seat of the waggonette held three, and somehow Miss Grant managed to be be- tween me and the driver, who was deaf, or as I suspect was deaf when he chose to be, for I did not find him at all hard of hearing, one morning before St. Leger, when I read him a little bit of advice sent to me by a sporting friend. Yet per- haps the word 'race' works a miracle on Yorkshire ears, and I may wrong him. At all events he gave ho sign of heeding anything that passed between Miss Bella and myself, and had to be poked at and shouted at when we wished to know anything about the places on the road, BeIlla said that he was deaf, but this evidence, under the circumstances, does not seem to me altogether decisive She behaved very artfully when we got to the park in which the abbey is, and during our pic-nic sat by somebody else, and scarcely spoke to me, although I took'the greatest pains to see that she was helped to chicken-wing and ice in her champagne. But I think it was borne in upon her, as the Quakers say, that I might be going to walk to the ruins with a very pretty girl who had been telling me all that was known about the abbey, and a great deal more; for Miss Bella contrived to be standing very near me, when the order to march was given, and to admire my cigar-case so pertina- ciously, that we were well on the way together before she had nearly finished questioning me as to how I came by it. Looked at from her own point of view, her behaviour in this matter was lady like, and from mine it was woman-like, by which I mean artful. She had avoided a'continued flirtation, but she had not lost her flsh. After this, she had every- thing her own way, and Nature conspired with her, for the day was lovely, and so hot that it was necessary to walk slowly, and to rest in shady places. Finally, in the cool cloisters of the Catholic abbey that was said which will have to be re- affirmed, with appropriate theological expressions, before the altar of a Pro- testant place of worship. I admit and vow that I felt no par- ticular grievance in the arrangement we had made. Bella's family was good, she had very few brothers and sisters, and her father had a good deal of money. Also she was very charming, and I had every reason to believe that her affection for me, if of rapid growth, was healthy, and not like some loves that outgrow their strength and go into consumptions. I could afford to marry a sensible girl 'with a soul above 'Le Follet.' But I could not help feeling that I had been rather surprised into the match, and that it was due to myself not to- display any exuberant satisfaction with, my lot. If I ever went beyond this negation of exalta- tion, and seemed indifferent or inattentive —as Bella more than once asserted was the case, making absurd poutings with her lips, and letting ridiculous films come over her eyes—it was accidental, and showed my sincerity of disposition. Really, I was growing very fond indeed of Bella; but one does not parade one's feelings before the nobility, gentry, and clergy of a county, in hotel assembled. I be- lieve that we conversed together a good deal more than would have been possible anywhere but at an hotel, and I could not have been a very secret lover, for three or four ladies praised Bella Grant to me, in a way which would have had no meaning if they had not perceived my regard for the young lady. In fact, they would have been officious and imperti- nent. Still, I was conscious that Miss Bella often look wistful, and as if she were not entirely satisfied that I was en tirely satisfied. This thought ought to have dictated a different line from that which it pleased her to adopt. It should have been her business to convince me of her extreme eligibility. However, one day I gave her an op- portunity not only of assuring herself of my devotion, but of letting other people know it, which I suppose is the chief thing with a woman. We had a dance at our hotel. Not, of course, a fast affair, to which Thomas, Richard, and Henry might come. It is still told as one of the terrible traditions of Marrowgate, that at some hotel ball (not at our place) there came two shopmen in human form—yes, shopmen from ****, and somehow contrived to dance—I hardly like to write this in a periodical intended for young persons, but the moral redeems the in- famy of the story—to dance with the daughter of a county member, and with the great-niece of a dowager marchioness. The tale is told in a low voice, and with befitting horror, but it is true. Such a thing could not have occurred at our house, where we all knew one another, and where any visitor, must be vouched for. Our ball was everything that was social and decorous. It occured to me that.Bella should have a bouquet. Now there are no flowers in Marromwgate, ex- cept flowers of sulphur, and I telegraphed to my old friend Mrs. Buck, of Govent Garden, to forward me a very handsome bouquet. It duly arrived, and I sent the box to Bella's mamma's apartment, When it was about time for me to dress, I was making my way along a passage leading to my room, when Bella, who had been on the watch for me, glided from another passage, and was by my side, with the flowers in her hand. They are simply lovely, Charles dear,' she said; ' but you-you mustn't be of- fended.' ' Because they are lovely ?' I asked. ' No; but because I cannot take them into the room. Not one girl in twenty will have any flowers, and not one will have anything so splend as this. It would be so remarked, dear.' ' I am sorry, Bella. I thought to have pleased you.' ' So you have, very much. I am very, very much pleased indeed, and I will keep the flowers as. long as they live, perhaps as long as I live—there. But you will not mind my not taking them into the room to-night. If yon had thought of giving the same to Maria and Louisa, it would not have-come, you are not to look displeased. I must go, and I am engaged to you for the first waltz.' She touched my hand as she went away, and of course the touch meant that if we had not been on the landing of an hotel, and so forth. But I do not think that wherever we had been, in my then tem- per, and so forth. (To be continued.. ) 