THE V.R.C. AUTUMN MEETING. BY ORANGE BLOSSOM. What a glorious day for enjoying tne most popular of our pastimes. How different to the baking, melting, days that have preceded it. True, the clouds are lowering, and the sky looks threatening, but the cool breeze from the southward, and those bits of blue sky not bigger than pocket-handkerchiefs reassure one, and the light silk coat, so admirably adapted to the climate, is donned for the occasion. Town doesn't bear that busy aspect that it does on a Cup day-a Melbourne Cup day-when everybody, from the Governor to the Bourke- Street shoe-black, makes a pil- grimage to the head-quarters of Australian racing, to witness the most exciting and interesting of all our turf events. There's no crowd at the Albion, nor at Goyder's, and we don't see our country cousins who have just taken a run up to town to " to see the Cup," parading the principal streets of the city previous to taking their departure for the scene of action. Yes, it's a dull day, and no mistake; little or no interest is evinced by the public, the prospects of good sport are the reverse of a roseate hue; and with a heavy heart one takes his seat in the 'bus which conveys passengers to the train, preferring the rail to the road as a means of reaching our destination. Carriages dusty and dirty, carriages dirty and dusty, meet the eye as the platform is reached, and with a disagreeable, gritty sort of feeling you take your seat in a compart- ment which would disgrace even the Hobson's Bay Railway Company. 'Tis the first train, asd conveys few passengers excepting the officials of the course, who, like myself, are on business intent, and therefore prefer to reach head-quarters with as little delay as possible. A solitary individual occupies the hill, the flat is almost tenantless, and the inclosure contains nobody but those who are engaged in the bars, &c.; How different from the great day of the spring, -when, from an early hour vehicles may be counted by hundreds, and pedestrians by thousands. Verily, 'tis a dull day, and you have fore- bodings of a miserable attendance as the second train arrives with but very few pas- sengers. Whiling away an hour in the saddling paddock and on the running track, enables you to discover that the straight is in anything but tip-top condition; and you leave it with the idea that a little top-dressing and a plentiful distribution of English and other grass seeds would not be thrown upon barren ground during the winter. Yonder, de- vouring a sandwich of Brobdignagian pro- portions is the "indefatigable" himself, explaining the dimensions and position of the proposed grand stand to the gentleman who brought us The Marquis. The "indefatigable" is never so happy nor so eloquent as when entering a lucid description of some improvement in prospective; it is his hobby, and he rides it like an artist. No man works harder, no man more deserves! to t>e«u< miJ faif nf tfirmp *hat.'>*Ter sar difi," he invariably opposed to his views or not. There,too, his books of office under his area, andioo larimfnl of importance, is our old friend It who bfcs grown white in the service. snow-like hair and 1 beard ire' Sufficient ?; evidence that be has . entered the »ere ihehas passed the " still with an, Dtted to man, , preforms his dn' toty. The other 8r rte<?pn the vifinajht bay, which hb is ppflotiag towards the weighing-room,'isefithe eamft gehgpL Qhserfie 'tfae^«poU£ss ^rlefc the tors, die Increase of *Ui r,ho waver, keep< ' ~ ~~'ten, sfcntorUnriumt« rfthelialdOTdeL^ men powessed of Jumping hone., hurdle raoesandeteeplechases would be much more popular than they are at prawnt A glance at the card tells ob th&t; tbo Iie&er; in i|ia next to be decided; and the crowd round the box nearest the bill gives an indication^! Hamlet's thereabouts; and having aeon him doing work in the Park, and expressed iS opinion that he was not cherry ripe, one anxious to get a peep at him before he leave* the paddock. I am not kept long in suspense for Mr. Dowling Boon sends him oat, and m he freely perspires, no farther substantiation of my assertion that he was short of work fa required; yet be is gay enough, and there fa a total absence of the soreness he exhibited at the Spring Meeting. Tom Enderaon. wasted to a skeleton to ride him in the COD is there in the maroon and gold, and though as weak as water, looks confident of victory The pony Miss Jessie soon emerges from her box with her breeder's son upon her back, and everybody "wonders how so' diudinutivea . filly parries weight so welL Mr. Filgate has Contessfc looking fit enough, but she's son and moves tenderly, though when warmed up in .her preliminary she goes as well as any. thing. Hamleta high fighting action stampg him a non- stayer you would think, fat his wonderful turn of speed is undeniable; and though Jessie's friends field vigorously in her behalf, the colt is too fresh to-day to hope for a Derby surprise. Bluejgown, though as fit as natty Sam. can make him, harno business ia such , a crowd, for he is not. quality enough, and nobody is surprised to see him tailing off before they have gone a mile.. The crack fa pulling double, and going likea steam-engine * and as Gontessa makes a'mistake, by running inside a post, she is pulled off, and Jessie alone is left to battle with the Prince .of Denmark who, however, wins cleverly enough by a couple of lengths; still he lathers so freely after his exertions as to convince the moat sceptical that he is not so fit as he can be made; Jrat, in the face of his apparent want of form, his friends continue to support him for the Australian Cup, and his victory gives increased confidence to those who have backed his stable companion (Blue Peter) for the Ascot Vale Stakes; but when the St Alban's stable makes its sign, Argus Scandal is evidently the selected one, and even money is taken that he wins, a declaration from his owner helping to bring him into increased favour. But great colt though Argus Scandal undoubtedly is, those suspicions forelegs have given his trainer no end of trouble, and his preparation has been a light one accordingly. There's too much beef on thy carcase, Argus, and your stable companion looks so blooming that his victory appears to be quite within the bonnds df probability. Working vigorously as ever, there's the St. Alban's trainer preparing them for their task, his eagle glance being directed hither and thither at every movement of the boys lending a helping hand. Though on the other side of 40. he is still as lithe and active as most men half his age, and thework he accomplishes ina short space of time would put many a younger man to the bliuh.' The tali, well-dressed individual, with the beautif al rose in hiB buttonhole, is lie of the pencil who so plackily bid 900 guineas for King of of the Ring at the Maribymong sale, and procured Argos Scandal at 330. That 'he fa on intimate terms with his trainer is (jlainly evident, as he familiarly addresses him as "Jim," and wittily expresses a hope, that one of Ins colts will make the other ''devils" look " blue" after its over. Notwithstanding the fbndness of the stable for Argus Scandal, there are those present who liave noted down the superior conditioQudf the King, and also the fact of 11 young jjiih having the mount; and as many rnjtitfm* point to back the boy, no matter what"fc#tn&y; be on. the high-priced colt is notfr&njness; at 2 to 1, a pace which the followers otlhp* table think good enough to lay: Blufijfyter, one of the best-shaped colts in tnwwagi « being attended .to by Mr. Dowling; 'and the good-looking gentle man wi^m»4opfg beard,-pho is the prin cipal tappertfcf if the Caumeld stable, and one of the jtaunchest and best patrons the Viotorian twf has, looks npon the race as good as lihded; * The -rollicking powerful man, with hair and'whiskers inclined to be of that colour which the oomicSiDger Rich ards is so proud of vrhen Amfidng his audience, is another good sport, and one time owned the horse thai wpp two§h*iapion races. The filly which be is' paying* so much attention to is Vin OidinaireyBUd amore symmetrical youn*»^er there 4s not in tbe crowd, but she is far fromftefagfiVai the superfluous flesh upon harfc^ipwe plainly ehowa; but sanguine Pat«og« Nil wespe randnm," and his taU djjtft maocl who owns the filly, is so satisfied with her that he expresses a desire to aeoept Stolsbe beats Blue Peter first past the post" tMiss Walton, as nut and handsome* filly as ever strode turf, is also backward in oOndltio& anu her owner hu no hope of (he AraMj|hiighw of his old pet Fisherman 4>nogtng the white with bine spots 7 homt in <«u. > The summons for saddling hasgonefo"* the quintette «taite»'. |e**# H»e^ to take thelrpw' " youth on Aigns energedb of Vtj be bestrffliesis a . threw leg over, anu mount a* he feeds hi« judgeVbo*.«<*Mng Peter, thought' in the nattcfr before the traininpgnttwVM but the ondiatft " ~ upsides wil for a Lt:, withbut ah advantage to day, be i baa a slight advantage tion. After parading \- - - r, to the o| the the away, is vigor laid him rOhl ion of .front nil the ttto and im the slow at into jitlng .Ttw 5P»» the in obs & .JW ipHat fata pedigree. His breeding therefore, though uot quite what oertain scientific turf students would consider Al. is of very high class,'and very similar to that of his distinguished English relative, Violetta, who is by The Puke (a son of Stock well) out of La Tra viata, full-sister to Rosede Florence; arid it is not 1,000 to 1 against Violetta winning the English Oaks, and King of the Ring the ? Australian Derby, By his victory of to-day he brings back £540 of the ptirchase-money expended by his owu&r; ana so go6d a I colt has so many pickings before him, that, in the long run, he is almost certain to prove a cheap bargain, after all. The approach of the great event creates some bustle and excitement, the appearance of the favourites being eagerly scanned in all parts of the paddock. That excited knot of men whose lungs are in such a high state of preservation consists of members of the ring, and the ? welkin rings again with theif stentorian shouts in their desire " to lay agin any* thintf." There's the Leviathan, who is going for Mermaid, his voice £uite husky from repeated shouting, and his flushed and ex cited. countenance denotes that he is working hard The gentlemanly man with the dark curly hair is a leading member of the Sydney ring. " Mully " his friends call him. See how quietly he does his business; and the big man near him is one of the same stamp. Tfaeyoall hinl "Ben." He tiomes from the golden city, and deals in shares. The metal lician with the prominent olfactory organ was once the leading member of the Victorian ring, but he now resides in Tasmania, and * seldom make8a big bookin these times, though he invariably pays us a visit when there's any thing doing in the way of racing. Old Slack is "theer,"too, but he's not doing much to day, because he thinks of going home again at an early period. The dapper little man with the moustache, who is just pencilling something down, and answers to the name of . Jimmy, is the owner of Irish King. There's Barney, of the Thompson family, looking as if he had just been turned out of a bandbox, so nattily iB he got up, his silk-velvet coat adorned with a rose of crimson hue. Goyder, Oough, Gienister, and all the other members of the fraternity are there, too. Johnny,. of Geelong fame, is as busy as any of them, and his well-known " By cripes!" is heard every now and then as he meets with a customer.' Leaning on the fence, gazing listlessly at what is going on, is the gallant captain who once took an active part in all our racing festivities. Few better judges are on the ground. The tall man whose appearance has more of the military bearing than of the civilian is another of our turf celebrities; yet he is not a military man, and never was. Quiet and unassuming, he listens, with one hand to his ear, to something that falls from one of the two brothers in deep mourning. He is the handicapper, and his companions two of the hardest men across country that we have. There's quiet "Beacon" and " Playboy" copying the names of the jockeys into their note-books, and the podgy indi- vidual close by is " Augur," taking sweet counsel with a well-known sporting butcher, who to-day does not plunge into the vortex as he once did, but acts cantiously-a wise resolution upon his part. The sporting .editor of the leading journal is conversing with a friend, whose hobby is shooting, and the former grows eloquent on the capabilities of his favourites Rap and Scamp, two of the best dogs he ever shot over. " Cartridge's " success at Phillip Island, where he bagged :86 brace of quail in no time, is descanted upon, and reminiscences of " the days when we went shooting" are brought back to the memory of the listener, who expresses a desire to obtain a footing on Phillip Island, so that he may-slay the feathered tribe in a -similar manner. Bat the nags are saddling, so let us stroll down the paddock, and see how they are looking. Hamlet since his victory in the iLeger has been carefully ?attended to by Joe Carter, and looking bone, the worse for his previous encounter, leaves his box as fresh as a daisy, but nevertheless there is still-that softness abont him which I do not tike.- The mysterious Dutchman, who has been kept -in lavender for this particular 'item, attracts a large and admiring crowd, and, though one of his feet bas baen slightly injured by a nail in his shoe-pressing npon that -portion of his foot which was ' injured at Majorca^ there is no abatement in the confidence of Us -friends, they de termine to ran the little horse barefooted. He looks wall notwithstanding the easing lie' had to undergo oonssfue&t; ontheinjary refeiTed to (-and though he limps a!Mtftejafter taking his preliminary, no serious conse quences are thought of." Mermaid, as fine as a star, receives Mr. "Wilson's undivided At tention, and though some doubt her ability to carry the weight, her admirers were never more sanguine. - 'What's the Wahtif&l; jjrey, yonder?" asks a stringer plosei by, aVidlo˚ in the djrectiqnjmSlcated, the , hijJf^Arab ' _?lft^ia " few^khag stock Jh him. The < individual with s the [ old-1 ?? fashioned traioer'sclaret-ooloarttd coat and. t"haVel>een jnade: ,a#och taller mftn, is - 1 the quiet yjoung' le owner. Hejwith" lanoe fit ifairt (contia a disciple ; idwvm gofiie by*ras one of !-J ;|»titoni«kbeturf; and thbugh. *mmentic for him tw; Utttraidei gentleman the {rot to tbe chesnut satisfactorily enough b ifow eaving Gaelong, Lang doesn't make m'mv 1 mistakes, and be j> very confident about 'the ? littlebrown son of Peter Walking. Ajvay they go to the starting-post, and Mr. Wafeoa quickly a despatches (them to a good BtiarL Lapdog immediately rushing to the front bad doing the amiable for Mermaid. Entering the straight they are all close together, ithe 'Dog still with a slight advantage, which he., increases as they pass the stand, Hamlet's fine tarn of speed enabling him to follow clow in his wake, and at the old stand np he goes and passes him. . Salad in, who has stumbled |wd , lost ground, now begins to draw upon jthe , leading division, and at the abattoir* amongst them, bat still Hamlet leads, and his friends loudly proclaim his victory -, I bat Mermaid has a tarn pt him, and then: the Dutchman and Saladin make their effort by which time the colt's condition has tola its tale, and he dies away to nothing., Merohaid straggles gamely with the other two, bat! she falters under the weight, and slowly but/surely they draw away from her. At the distant it it is a match between them; the excitement is intense as, locked together, they approach the goaL The brown has . the: advantage of the inside running, and appears to have, a little the best of it as the pair sweep bast tbe press box, bat Saladin sticks to aim most gallantly, and, amidst an indescribable scene of wild excitement, passes the post so evenly with his opponent that the judge can not do otherwise than declare it a dead heat, though nine people oat of every ten present | imagined that Flying Dutchman had won by more than a head. Still the judge is the Only person! competent to advance an opinion respecting the position of the two horses, and as his decision is final, the disappointed backers of tbe brown mast bottle ap their wrath, and take the matter kindly. Accord- < injg to racing custom, the " Who shall?" does | not come off until half an hoar after the; last race, and as the Dutchman returns to scale, odds of 20 to 1- are offered and taken that the i grey wins ; bat when Lailg discovers that nothing seriooB has happened, and adtniuis- 1 ters remedies chat are likely to assist the horse in the next encounter, the odds on the prey rapidly decrease, and after tbe seasatioual hero of Geelong (Flying Scud) has cleverly disposed of those opposed to him in the Half mile Plate, as little as 4 to 1 is accepted. With his shoes on this time, the Dutchman goes sounder than most people expected, and both he and the grey are received with loud cheers as they emerge from the paddock. Side hy side they go again, first one and then the other having a trifling advantage, and at ? the distance not more than a neck separates them. Another glorious straggle ensues,!and rushing past the judge's box strictly level, he has no alternative but to announce another dead heat, though some confusion is caused' by Saladin's number being placed abov$ the Datcbman'a. Such cheering, sach uproarious demonstrations of delight were never]wit nessed at any festive gathering upon the : Melbourne Racecourse. Before this heat had been run, the owner of Saladin | had received most liberal offers to divide,' bat having fall confidence in the endurance of his pett-he listened not to the proposals,; and determined to see it oat. Dutchman's run ning, however, revives the drooping hopes o! his friends, and they now lay 5 and 6 to 4 that he settles the grey this time, but their calculations are based upon an unsound foundation, and they are doomed to disap pointment, for the boy on Saladin' gives his opponent no peace throughout, and taking well hold of his head coming op the straight, tbe grey appears to go better, and, despite the gameness of the brown and the talent of his jockey, he Btalls him off-at the finish ;by a neck. The result is greeted with load cheers from all sides, and sach a glorious finale to ibe day's doings sends everybody away in good' humour after thoroughly enjoying the Tbest" day's sport ever witnessed on tbe Fleming ton coarse. Nearly all the same faces assemble again on the following day, and to the no small gratification of the sterner sex,; the ladies show oat in strong force, and reader the picture much more pleasing than on the previous day. There's our sport-loving; Go vernor again in the. paddock, taking stopk of the nags, and he evidently enjoys himself thorooghly as first one and then another comes under his cotioe. Warrior, looking' as well as ever he did in his life, attracts a numerous' crowd, and as only Mermaid i and, Patrie are brought oat to oppose him, odjUpf* 3 to i are freely offered on the son of pftw. Warrior. That young man with th'eorjihodox: t jockey whisker Is the jockey that steered him to victory injthe Melbourne Cup, and to-dfty he has aonne<t the silver and black jacket ng«iV. Notibdy knows Warrior, better than he does, and nfij»dy c&n; handle him mortr artistically. too, from he? fine.sigd and &ppear;&nce;, attracts a fair share of gape-.; seed; Thecal 8^*1 man speakingta her1 trainer has-tbe management of"-the Franbh* bred filly, and Once *as onpof tl^e leading sportsmen of Victoria.; Indication of old ager are apparent, but ne is as vigorous and sjrphg' as'most men.W years his junipivaod Jb^w. very little older jthan. he did when 1 e-jpo' pace. As wa* the case yesterday, Bine Pater and Argus Scandal are on the extreme right, and.adopting the tome tactics as In die A*iw«. " Vale St&kes.both; go at it hammer and tongs,, the Kingston colt having a trifle the best 4f it up to half a mile, hot he (hen shoots his Uolt. and Sunshine, who up to this has held jher own, also beginato compound. Miss Walton* whose jockey brings her;frpm the left sidb of ? the coarse to the centre, now shows a bold front, and for a moment looks exceedingly ; dangerous, and Belphegor, upon whom yoking Wilson has been watching his opportunity, likewise draws to the front, and Suss Walton dropping astern, Belphegor tackles his stable companion, who, after a most determined resistance, is obliged to anccnmb by a neck. Such an unlooked-for result is received With" disgust by those who went for Argus Scandal, and they look unutterable things as the Ma-. ner returns to scale. All who nave gone for Argus Scandal iumL. laid against Belphegor of course have lost tjieir money, and excepting theownerof Juamta, who takes the majttar. philosophically, they to a man remonstrate with the owner and trainer of the colt for not letting them into the secret; but the' St/; Mlbans trainer .reminds them of the terrible too ess that was made of the commissiod he went into the market to back ITlying Scud for kbe Geelong handicaps; wishes to khow /whether the Scandal was not beaten o4 its I merits, and receiving a reply in the affiema* itive, informs his friends that he had worked I hard epough for them, and thought "it was : I time to deal a hand for himself," especially as I the Flying Scud business had been worked so | badly by those to whom he had entrusted the secret Mr. Wilson ,owns Belphegor himself, and nobody blames him for sending the colt on his merits; in fact, there seems to be a kind of joyful feeling that he should so cleverly spoil the Egyptians. This little episode, how ever, is soon forgotten in the excitement Over the Autumn Handicap, for which Foam is a decided favourite j but Detective Btrips as well as ever he did in his life, and though not supported with that spirit which generally attends Mr. Test's horses, be wins cleverly from Clqolite by three quarters of a length, Lapdog half a length behind the daughter of Angler/ Hamlet is brought out to do battle . against Warrior-in -the -Town Plate, and Contessa also puts in an appearance; but the colt's softness will not allow him to come home, and Morrison knowing his weak point, - takes his old horse along a rattler, which settles .the colt half a mile from home', and though Contessa struggles gamely, she hasn't the ghost of a shauoe with the ancient, Who wins easily by two lengths. The Steeplechase attracts but a field of five, and proves, a somewhat tame affair, as Babbler has just got into form, and having all the advantage in the weights, he disposes of The Monk as they enter tne straight, and wins in a walk;' The Helter Skelter brings out Rambler in his trae colours, and his running on the previously Is "referred to in terms the reverse of compli mentary. One or two who backed the Scud to-day,' feeling aggrieved at his running, determine to buy him, and offer to (run 1 Rambler the same distance for a century { he is claimed, but his admirers will not advance beyond a hundred, and another pound sends him back to his former owner. Rambler Ming also bought in at £72. Thus the curtain falls on the legitimate racing season of the metro polis; and though the public did not show out in force to witness the sport provided, they missed the greatest treat of the season, for every event on the first day was so well contested, that a unanimous opinion !was expressed that it was the most exciting and interesting day's sport that had ever taken place on the Flemington course. 