SPIRITUALISM PUBLICLY DISCUS3ED. |From£he-Arou4.1 . The discussion of spiritualism by Mr. David Blair on the one handj and Mr. John Tyerman on the other, was finished last evening, July 29, at the Independent Hall, Russell-street. Some DOuy saia av me oegiumiig vuat uio v«u vom mittees of three were at the close to meet together and form a. conclusion upon the sub ject. In justice to persons who may think they have [a claim upon tLe time of the Committee men for the next few years, it should be stated that the six gentlemen have no intention of even entering upon the performance of the task. The attendance last evening did not number more than 200 or 360. Of spirits of the sort Mr. Tyerman believes in, who might have been wanning or cooling themselves at the gaslights, or of the ardent spirits that Mr. Blair doea not disbelieve in, which, if anywhere, would of course be concealed in the cellar, we did not take any account. But Mr. Janes McEean took the chair, and inasmuch as it was an unusually tall chair — ene that would have brought even Tom Thumb into prominence — it may be supposed that he from the outset made a great impres sion upon the audience, and commanded no small share of their attention, if not their admi ration. Mr. McKean, in explaining that he had been asked to preside, said he liked the position much better than the one he occupied on the first evening, when he was said to have filled up a doorway. Several persons cheered Mr. Tyer man as he mounted tie platform ; Mr. Blair'* reception was even more enthusiastic. Mr. Blair began, and undertook in the brief space of twe half hours to leave no point in the investigation of spiritualism untouched, nothing unexplained, and nothing unanswered, and to this simple and easily accomplished duty he at once confidently devoted himself. He went back to the speeches of the former evening, and quoted Professor De Morgan in full, to show that his opponent had misquoted him, by giving only part of a sentence. A private letter from Mr. William Howitt, another supporter of spiritism, was read to show that he had parted company with the whole of the English spiritists. The reports of the Committees of the London Dialeo tical Society, five out of six of which denied the manifestations of spiritual phenomena in the enquiries they made, were referred to. Mr. Horace Greely had been put forward on behalf of spiritualism. Why, he had challenged th« spiritists to supply the New York Tribune with English news of the day previous to publica tion, and for twenty years his offer of £500 had been unclaimed. Not one scientific man in Engluid, not one literary man of any eminence, no man who had any reputation for intelligence, believed in spiritism or did not scout it as an imposture. (This brought forth cheers and hisses in profusion.) Tyndall, Huxley, Faraday, Lytton, Crookes, Radcliffe, and a French philosopher named Arago, who examined one case thoroughly, were aU hurled at the believers in spiritualism. They did not seem to mind any of these great names much, and the name of Sir John Herschel, of which Mr. Blair had made extensive use on farmer evenings, was not received with respect. Latent electricity in the human body, present to a greater extent in some than in others, more than accounted for all the table-turning and rapping in the world. Books which Mr. Blair had not only read but reviewed— 'Buckle's Civilization' and works of that kind — were recommended to all who did not glory in benighted ignorance and savage fanaticism. To go behind science and common sense and sound reasoning was to go in the direction of the Yarra Bend Asylum. 'Now for your believers 'in spiritism.' Mr. Blair, who, in order to give out the last few sen tences with full effect, was obliged to bend forward and jerk a littie, now drew himself up to, an erect position, adjusted his spectacles. closed his eyes, and complacently waited until the audience had become composed and attentive. Home, who had seen the ghost of a dog and the ghost of a water bottle, in bis last work, just come out by the mail, testified that he had swindled Mrs. Jane Lyon of £30,000. (A storm of 'noes.') Mrs. Lyon, at any rate, said, 'You swindled nee of £30,000.' (Cheors and hisses.) The book of Bmmq, flardin^e, the American prophetess, was the greatest piece of imposture he had ever met with. (This strong language set the whole audience iu motion, and while some were stamping and others hissing one spectacled listener, who had been tossing about a good deal in bis seat, concentrated a whole volume of negatives into one brief Beries of gesticulations.) Nothing new, nothing beautiful, had been given to us by spiritism. If he (Mr. Blair} hod not convinced them of tho absurdity of spiritism let us burn down our public library, our schools, and our university; let all learning, philosophy, and science, which we were spending thousands of pounds to scatter abroad for the benefit oi the rising and the adult population, be counted aa sheer waste; and lot us all go into darkened parlours and listen to the wonderful revelations that the spirits would not furnish us with. Mr. Tyerman rose with promptitude, and was greeted with applause. Those who pre ferred declamation to reasoning, unsupported assertions to well authenticated facts, might thank his friend for doiD^ something for the cause of spiritualism. Mr. Tyerman then went back to the Colonial Monthly for the second time, to show that five years ago Mr. Blair was either on the road to spiritualism or was writing something which led people to suppose he meant one thing when he really meant another. He then, in Mr. Blair's ownwordB, asked, 'I3 it genuine philosophy, or is it only self- confessed and arrogant ignorance that turns away ftom the consideration of such facts and phenomena with the supercilious explanation of imposture and delusion?' Spiritualists contended that there was no such thing in the manifestations they witnessed as the supernatural— the phe nomena were governed by natural laws. Then reasons were i?iven to show that the 'gospel of the deadened brain' had been misunderstood. No purely mundane law would account for half tke facts of which we had un doubted testimony. They did not claim to teach new doctrines so much as to press good doctrines oa the attention of the world. Five or ten minutes were employed in show ing that the cardinal doctrines had not been stolen : they were as much common property as the sunlight or tho atmosphere. Butthe'questioHwasnot whether immortality, the redemption of all men, &c;, had originated with spiritualism, but whether they were true. As for the 'contradictions,' spirtualism did not claim to be infallible. (Mr. Blair arched his brows, turned half round towards the speaker, and then looked expressively towards tho audience.) A good deal of Mr. Blair's own argument had been 'prigged.' He then chal lenged Mr. Blair to prove, by fair quotations from spiritualistic works, that spiritualists had put forth one-half the so-called contradictions quoted the other night; and -to help him enumerated only 40 volumes of 400 pages each. If these would not be enough Mr. Blair could have the names of 100 more. (Mr. Blair dis played no wish for more. ) One of the work3 was by Emma Hardinge, and had been commended by critics who would put Mr. Blair to the blush any day and everywhere. He (Mr. Tyerman) at the same time undertook to prove far more contradictions in the works on theology or in the works published by any church in Christen dom. (Cheers.) The question was raised before Mr. _ Blair opened his second speech, whether, as thi3 was to be the last night of the debate, there should be two more rounds or only one. Half-a-dozen weak voices declared for two rounds; but one emphatic 'No' was sufficient to decide the question the other way. Mr. Blair, in a few words, disposed of the Colonial Monthly branch of the discussion. He had simply stated what other people were believing, and challenged frnestig&tioQ;, He had by this time investigated tho subject— had gone to the bottom of it, and the conclusion was that the rphjfiical phenomena were the effects of mechanical causes. The usa of the phrase ' gospel of the deadened bnip,' and much that had been already said about it, waa again justi fied. Where did spiritualism begin, how did it begin, and wea there anything; in it? It began in credulity, was carried on and fostered bjr deliberate imposture, and waa now sus tained by ignorant and wilcl fanaticismi It first broke out in a ' huddle' in America, amongst a family most appropriately named Foz. How it spread from tne Foxes, and waa taken up by various classes, for each of whom Mr. Blair had a severe epithet handy, was explained with as much clearness as to audtbemkmiptwns which sounded like the escape of steam in puffs from ft leaky boiler would permit. Among some who took up the new religion were people who /were uneasy in their domestic relations, and grasped at any means That would set them free. (A voice— 'Where did you get that?' From ' Clarke's Plain Guide to Spiritism. (The voice —'You did not') 'Cute Yankee printers last of all swamped the market with ' Banners of Light,' and 'Spiritual Trumpets,' and the works that were printed by Andrew Jackson Davis were the greatest rubbish ever printed. A book which had lately appeared here was a piece of indecency and blasphemy from beginning to end. A pamphlet issued by Peebles had a title so blasphemous that he would not Btain bis lipa by reading it out. This, of course, excited considerable curiosity amongst the audience, and there were loud calls tor tho title, Some suggested that if Mir. Blair would not read it out the Chairman might. The Chairman looked at it, and said ho should prefer to transfer the duty to Mr. Tyerman. Mr. Blair then gave out the second part of the title, ' Popular Theology and Positive Religion Contrasted.' Portion of the audience was far from satisfied withthk meagre piece of information, but Mr. Blair was determined not to stain his lips. He made a quotation or two to show that spiritualisiB,' accordingto Peebles, was opDosedtoCnristianityj showed that some ef the now doctrines com municated to ' J.S.' by the t pints were very old, and concluded with a fervid peroration. Mr. Tyerman contended that Mr. Blair had not advanced a tittle of evidence to show that the physical phenomena had been produced by mechanical causes. The scientific men Mr. Blair had quoted had never fairly investigated the phenomena ; the few scientific men who had investigated them had come to the conclu sion that the phenomena were genuine, and that the spiritual hypothesis as to their origin was the only one that covered the whole of the facts of the case. William Howitt, so far from having left the spiritists, was the author of the first article in a June magazine which gave Dr. Carpenter and his school a slashing castration. It was not correct that five out of six of the Committees of the London Dialectical Society reported against the appearance of spiritual phenomena. Here Mr. Blair's right hand dived into the recesses of his garment, and in another instant a printed document was thrust triumphantly before the ChairmaB, who examined it with some curiosity. Meantimo Mr. Tyerman, heedless of the pantomime, went on to say that two of the Committees reported that phenomena were produoed independently of mechanical agency. Mr. Blair had spoken of latent electricity. Would he ascribe intelligence to a mere force ? Who was the most credulous now ? (Cheers.) Trustworthy witnesses had borne testimony to the remarkable things done by Home. From first to last Mr. Blair had not given one well-authenticated fact, n»t one tittle of evidence to support the charges which he had hurled at spiritualism with such' ?? unblushing audacity. Granted that spiritualism was not a perfect system; the system was no more to be charged with the delinquencies of some who supported it than Christianity with the immoralities of some of its professors. (The audience seemed to be getting tired, and hisses were not unfrequent. Amid some interruptions one man near the doer said, ' Mr. Chairman— Ii there any provision for turning out a gentleman who has swallowed spirits?' Spiritualism wa& essentially Christian,* and was hostile only to the dogmas which had been foisted on Christianity. They honoured, they loved God, thev believed in a Jbeing of un bounded benevolence. Mr. Blair would not1 accept tie testimony of witnesses to events of the present day, but would believe that a whale ?wallowed Jonah on Jonah's simple statement, and that Philip was transported 30 miles because 8omo one said so to whom the fact was reported. Spiritualism taught that all Ood's childrehi : however degraded, would be finally restored, and had been the means of rescuing thousands from atheism. Scurrilous scribblers might try to write spiritualism down in the newspapers, but time was against them, and spirituahan would never be destroyed. A vote of thanks was given to the two dfi putants, on the motion of Dr. Richardson. A vote of thanks was also piven to the Chairman. The audience thun rose to depart; one or two persons mounted on the forms with the intention of saying something, but the Chairman declared the proceedings at an end. Nobody wanted to hear any more, but the conversation as the people went out was about Beances where half crowns were likely to be forthcoming in abund aoce, wken spirits got into better practice and, a little more used to the work that was expected of them. [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] Thb New Iksoltekct Bill.— We have been desired to publish the substance of a memorial which is in course of signature by the merchants of Adelaide, and which it is proposed to present to the House of Assembly : — 'That your memorialists have observed with satisfaction the recent passing by the Legislative Council of a Bill for the amendment of the laws relating to insolvency. That your memorialists believe that the BUI thus passed, with some minor alteratiens, will be very generally accep table to the trading community of this province. * That your memorialists especially believe that' it is very desirf ble that the insolvency business1 of the colony should not be put into the hands of the Supreme Court. That your memorialists observe that notice has been given for such amendments ef the Bill a» ' would, if passed, have the effect of throwingf, ' the insolvency business into the bands of that ' Court, and your memorialists are convinced that with these proposed amendments the Bill would ' be of less benefit to the trading community generally than the statutes at present existing. : Your memorialists therefore pray that your Honourable House will be pleased to reject the amendments referred to, and pass the Bill in , such a form as may leave the business in the hands of the Insolvent Court.' Northern Mining.— The Qulong Advtrtim of July 29 writes:— 'The following telegram! received by Mr. A. C. Macdonald on Saturday, shows that he, Mr. Longden, and others, have been very successful in floating the South Australian Copper and Bismuth Mining and Smelting Company:— 'Stop issuing certificates; you may continue receiving applications; but do net commit yourself to absolute sale. All - future applicants must be content with mo rota * allotment. (Signed) E. W. Spain/ Mr. - Macdonald has been appointed the General Manager of the Company's affairs, and will reside at the mine until smelting fiirnaces are built, and the Company is in a dividend-paving- ? ? position. Ho will probably be absent from ? Geelong for two years.' It will be remembered that Mr. Macdonald was here lately Inspecting - Far North properties, and we presume from the above paragraph that he may be expected back at an early date. ; The Wheal James Mine.— Captain Beckeen, writing on August 1, says :— ' We have cut the lode in the drive at the foot of Cowling's Winse with good payable work in it as far as can be seen. I had a blast put in which threw out some fine work. I shall not be able to do anything more with the lode for two or three days, in con sequence of having to clear away the deads from it.' The Secretary has also received some fine-looking specimer-s of stone taken from the lode. C&* Dr. Bright's Phosphodike.— Multi- tudes of People arc hopelessly suffering from Nervous and Liver Complaint*), Depression of Spirits, Delusions, T^nfitno^s ior Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, &c.;, whose cases admit of aperma menfc cure by the new remedy Phosphodtfb (Ozonic Oxygen), which at onco allays all irrita tion and excitement, imparts new energy and life to tie enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladie3. IH* Caution.— Bo particular to ask for D/# Bright's Phosphodthe, and avoid purchasing siugle bottles, as the genuine article is sold in cases only, and imitations are abroad. 208-98vtl8 & Notice to Case: Purchasers op Wihter Dbapery AtfD Clothing.— Tho AmjAL Salb is now on at T. Lo5EB3an's, 62, Hindi ey-street. Bargains, together with Discount on Purchases of ONE POUND and upwards. rjle Celebrated GeeloDg Tweed Suits to order, at most moderate prices. A large Stock -rf Men's and Bovs' Ready made Clothing, &c.;, &c;, &c;, 2wmwfcY 