TALIS. TO THE BITTER END. by thk lutholi of " lady audlky's secret," & o. Chatter XXVIIL— ' "But O, the heavy Change now tiiou art Gone !" Riohard Redmayno sat in the old rooms, and psoed the old garden, or lay smoking bis pipe on the grass under tho cedar day after day, and made no attempt to ooonpy himself, physically or mentally, but lot the tlnunselMS Sartfc tlAW fKflV w/llllll They were very slow to pass, yet so empty, that when gone they seemed to have travelled swiftly, like the dayB in a workhouse or a jail, where there is no greater event to mark the passage of time than the monotonously recurring honrs for meals. He shrank from being seen in his old haunts, and from being greeted by his old companions. If he had himself com mitted some unpardonable crime against so ciety, ho oouid hardly have avoided his fellow-men more persistently than he now avoided all the friends of his yonth and man hood. He rarely went beyond his own gar den and orchard in the daytime ; bat at night sometimes, when tho rover's restlessness was strong upon him, he wonld set out long after dark, walk fifteen imiles or so aoroas-cooutry, in a reckless mood whioh took no head of distance or direction, and come baok to Brierwood in the dewy dawn, worn out and haggard. "I try to walk the devil down, you ser, Mrs. Bush," hd said to his housekeeper, on returning from one of these rambles, a speech which filled the honest woman with consternation. " There's something unked about Riohard Redmayne," she told her husband. " I don't think he's over been quite right in his head, poor soul, since he lost his daughter. " He was in England, and he had oome back to find his ohild's destroyer, yet he did so little. Ho went np to Mr. Smoothey's office, made an appointment with Mr. Rendel, the private inquirer, and offered that gentleman any terms he ohoBe to demand if he would only find the mkn who had oalled himself "Walgry" on one oooasien, and "Walsh" on another. He pressed the business with suoh a feverish eagerness, that Mr. Rendel, who did not by any means see his way to making the required disoovery, affected a kind of hopefulness for very charity. " It is rather a difficult matter," he said. "You see, I have positively no olae. The man takes n famished house at Highgate, gives it up, pays every one in oasb, no cheques or anything of that kind, and vanishes. I have no photograph of tbe man, no knowledge of his profession, ante cedents, anything ; and yet yen ask me to piak him out from the entire population of this city supposing him to be an inhabitant of this eity, whioh we are by no means sure he is." Riohard Redmayne sat with his back to the dusty window of the dusty office, listen ing to these arguments with a gloomy eonn- tenanoe. " Never mind tho diffioulty," he said abruptly, " it'b your trade to get over that. II it was easy to find him, I should have found him long ago. Find him, Mr. Rendel, and I'll pay you what you like for your difficulty." " But; my good Redmayne," said Mr. Smoothey, in his comfortable family solicitor- like way, " supposing the man found, what then ? Yon have no redress. The law whioh makeB abduotion a crime wonld not tell here, slnoe your daughter was nineteen years of age. Nor oan you prove that any wrong was done her, or that any wrong was intended. To what end, then, would you trseethe offender?" "Nevermind what end. Find him for me, that's all I ask yon to do. I may have my own manner of reokoning with him. I want to see him faoe to face. I want to be able to say, 'Yon killed mydanghter.' " " Upon my honor, Mr. Redmayne, I think you look at this business from a very false and fatal point of view. Granted that a great wrong was done in tempting your poor child to leave her home ; but remember that it is a kind of wrong committed almost every day, and a kind of temptation to whioh every good-looking young woman of the middle class is more or (less Bubjoot, The fatal result was not a part of the wrong, not contemplated by the wrong-doer. Had your daughter lived, who knows that this gentle man might not have married her ? Even if it wore not his immediate intention to do so, he might have done so ultimately, prompted by conscience and affection." " Don't try to hnmbng me by that see-saw kind of argument — if he didn't aud if he did.'' oried Riok Redmayne roughly. "I only know that he stole my daughter away from her home, and that she died of the shame he brought upon her, and that I hold him her murderor." There was no nse talking to suoh a man. Tho words of wisdom were wasted on this passionate undisciplined souL Mr. Smoothey shut his speotacle-oase with rather an im patient snap. " You must do as you please, Mr. Red mayne," he said. " I have no donbt Rendel will do his best with your business, and of eourse any legal advice you may want from me is at your servioe ; but I really cannot see your motive." "That man's in a bad way," said the astste Rendel, when the farmer had left tho office. "The sort of man who wonld scarcely surprise me if he did something desperate. I aha'n't help him to find the sednoer. In the first plaoe I consider the thing beyond the limits of possibility ; and in the second place, even if I could find the man, it would go against my oonsoienoe to have any hand in bringing those two together. Yet you know, Smoothey, that my consoienoe is rather elastic." " Toughish, certainly," answered the lawyer ; " and warranted to stretch. How ever, I quite agree with yon abont this poor fellow Redmayne. The man has brooded on this spbjcet until ithas beoomoa mono mania." Richard Redmayne went baok to Brier-- wood soon afterthia interview, believing that he had done his uttermost, but not till ho had been to look at tho cottage where his daughter died, and the grave in whioh she my. The pretty little gothio bandbox on Highgate Hul was let. He conld only prow; up and down by the railings for a little, screened by the laurel ledge, listening to the fresh voices of ehildren in the tiny garden. There were guolder roses in bloom, and a bed of standard roseB in the oentro of the miniature lawn, bird-cages in the open win dow, the whole aspeot of the plaoe bright sad joyous. He looked np a t the window of that room whore they had laid her iu the tat solemn slumber, looked at it, and thought of the day when she had lain there, dull November day, with the rain beating fftast tho window-panes, perhaps, and all ature gloomy. It wounded him to see the house under this oloudless June sky, to hear »ppy voloes from the room where she had j broken-hearted. He walked all the way to Hetheridgo— soven miles along the dnsty north read ; then away westward, by a quiet cross-road, to the qnietest village within twenty miles of London. . He passed the village green, and the pond where the ducks wore floating lazily in the sunshine, and went on beneath the shelter of chesnnt and lime to the churchyard where Grace was buried. This sixth of Jane was her birthday, and he had chosen this day of all others for his pilgrim age to her grave. " I might have brought some flowers or somothing," he said to himself as he opened the low wooden gate. "What a hard hearted wretoh I must be not to bave thought of it 1 Did I ever go to aee her empty-handed when ahe was at school ?" The ohurchyard was not a particularly proity one, only very solemn and tranquil, with a great yew-tree making a wide oirole of shadow above tho quiet green hillooks. There were no splendid monuments of modern date, but here and there a ponderous tomb within a raBty railing, a mouldering stone saroophagns, with sinuona ivy creep ing in and out among the oracks in the atone, and a dank moBB thiok npon tho time- worn inscriptions. The charm of the scene was its nttor tranquillity. A village ohurch yard on a hill, with a wide stretoh ot land scape below it, aud only the faintest indica tion of a city in the far distanoe. Richard Redmayne found his way to the gravestone. Was not every detail of the quiet scene burnt in npon his brain ? The ohnrohyard was empty of all human kind, yet on the granite slab there lay a wreath of waxon-petalled exotics, all purest white, and as fresh as if it had been that minute laid there. Riok Redmayne went baok to the gate, striding over the low graves recklessly. Who was there to bring votive wreaths to her grave — who, in all her little world — except the man who had destroyed her ? " He has been here," the farmer said to himself; "is here still, perhaps, loitering somewhere. O God, if I oouid only meet him, in this plaoe, by her grave ! It seems the fittest spot for us two to oome faoe to face ; and if we do meet here, I think I shall strangle him." The muscular hand closed with a tighter grip upon the oak sapling whioh Mr. Red mayno carried as a walking-stick. Ho planted himself by the churchyard- gate and waited, listening for a footstep on tho gravel-path, "I wonder that he can have the heart to stand beBide her grave, knowing that he killed her,? He was not softened in any degree by tbis indication that his lost ohild was still held in loving remembrance. His only sentiment was wonder that her destroyer could pre sume to lay his wreath upon her grave — that he dared approaoh the scene whioh must needs remind him of his oriufe. He waited an hour with a dogged patience, but no ono came. Then he made a careful round of the churchyard, and meeting no one, knelt down and said a short prayer by his daughter's tombstone ; not suoh a prayer as Christianity inspires — reverent, submissive, . confiding ; but tinctured rather with tha fiery spirit whioh might have breathed in the anpplioatlons of some outraged father In th6 old Greek days, when men's gods were of the sternest mould ; an appeal to the Enmenidea — a blind wild cry for retribution. He took the wreath in bis strong hand when that prayer was ended — took it, in tending to Baatter those frail blossoms to tbe summer windB. The delicate petals Beemed almost to shrink and shiver in his rough grasp ; but after looking at it for a few moments with a moody countenance, he laid it gently on the stone where it had lain when he found it, enoircling his daughter's name. "She was so fond of flowers, and these to himself. "No; I won't spoil it, even though he put it there." He rose at last and left the ohnrohyard, meaning to moke inquiries in the village as to the appearance of any Btranger who might have been observed by the innkeeper or his gossips. In so small and primitive a plaoe a stranger oonld hardly escape observation ; bat at the gate Riohard Redmayne en countered the sexton, who had espied him from his cottage a few paoeB off, and had oome out to see whether there might not be a sixpenoe to be earned in this direction. "Wonld you like to see the ehurch, sir ?' he inquired. " No ; I don't oare about ohnrohea. Havo you been abont here all tho morning ?" "Yes, sir ; in and out, on and off." "There's been a man here; a man who bronght some flowers to lay upon one of the graves." "Like enough, Bir. There's many a brings flowors ; that's the beanty of this plaoe ; nobody ever interferes with 'em ; the ohildren never lays a finger on 'em." " You haven't seen any stranger then, this morning ?" " Well, yes ; there was a gentleman I met, coming out of this here gate, like as I might meet you now this minute, above an hour ago. " " Yon didn't know him ?" "Not to call to mind his name; but I know his face well enough. He's got somebody buried with ns, I make no doubt." ' ' Does he oome here often ? " "Not as I know of. I took th| liberty to wish him good morning ; but he only made answer by a nod, and walked off before I oouid ask him if he'd like to see the ohuroh." "Look here," said Riohard Redmayne, with his hand in his pocket. " Here's half- a-orown for yon. Tell me what the man was like, as elose as you oan, and I'll make it five shillings." He tossed the coin to the sexton, whose shrivelled old oountenanee wrinkled into a rapturous grin. "Lor-a-mussy, sir, I wish I were abettor hand at that sort o' work. The gentleman were tall and dark, with his eyebrows marked very strong, like, glvin' him rather a fierce look. His faoe looked to me as if it were made of wronght iron ; bat he was a personable sort of man for all that, and quite the gentleman." " That will do," said Riohard Redmayne, throwing him a second half-crown. "If ever that man oomes this way again, you get some one to follow him, and if yon find out where he goes, and where he lives, I'll give yon a five-pound note. Remember that." "Lor, air, it's a thing as I never did in all my born days," oried the sexton, gazing at Rick Redmayne with an awe-strioken countenance ; " you hain't one of these here perlice oroifera in plain clothes, be ye ?" " Never mind what I am ; you do what I tell you, and earn a five-pound note. Yon oan telograph to me at this address when yon' find out what I want to know, and you shall have your money by return of post." Rick Redmayne wrote his address oa a page of his pooket-book and tore out the leaf, whioh ho handed to the sexton. "I am as willing as any one in Hethe' ridge to oarn an honest penny, sir ; bnt fol- lerin' any one do seem so out o' the way and undor'and-like. Certlngly, there's my grand son Thomas, aa sharp a lad as any one nsed wish to see, and as fleet-footed, he might foller any gentleman afoot or a horaebaok, and I don't believe as he'd be left behind ; and a rare artfnl lad too, and an unoommon favorite with our par son ! Lor, how he do give ont the responses in the psalma ; you might a'moat hear him out here — that aharp and shrill 1" "Find out where this man livea, and earn yonr money," aaid Mr. Redmayne. " Don't lose that bit ot paper with the ad dress. Good day." He walked away rapidly, leaving the aexton pondering, and aoratohing his head with a puzzled air. " Aa to artfulness," he mattered to him self with an inward ehnckle; "if it eomes to that, our Tbomaa might get his livin' by follerin'; but I don't know what paraon wonid say to it. Howsuindevcr, there's no call for him to know." Chafter XXIX. — A Recovered Treasure. Riohard Redmayne went back to Brier, wood after bis. visit to Hetheridge ohnroh yard, and the dreary daya went on. A ghost paoing those garden walks, or loiter ing under the old oedar, oonld hardly have beenamoredismalfigure thanthefarmer, with his listless gait and haggard faoe, nnshaven chin and slovenly attire. He was waiting idly for bis agents in London to do some thing ; speculating on tho possibility of dis covering his enemy by the intervention of the sexton — a dreary bnainess altogether ; his land in otherhands, no work to be done, no interest in the young green corn, no oare, no hope; his whole being eonsnmed by one fatal passion — more constant than love, more bitter than jealousy. He had not spoken to John Wort since that night when he burst in upon the agent In his little offioe, sudden and violont as a thunderbolt. The two men avoided eaoh other. Mr. Wort had his own reasons for that Favoidance, and Riohard Redmayno shrank from all companionship. He smoked all day long, drank more than he had been used to drink In the old days, and paced the weedy gravel path, or lay at full length nnder the oedar, lost in gloomy thought. If he had needed any ex- ternal influence to sharpen his sense of loss, the familiar home, onae so happy, and now so desolate, wonld have furnished that in- fiaenoe ; every flower in the garden, every petty trifle in the house, where all things were old and familiar, wbb in some wise as sociated with hiB daughter. He oouid not have felt her death more intensely if he had spent his days and nights beside her grave. The longest day had dragged its slow length along, and the corn was beginning to ohange color when, aftor some weeks, of sultry and oppressive weather, there came a great storm — one of those tempests which spread consternation over all the oonntry side, fill ing the souls of farmers with hideous visions of beaten oorn and lightning- strnek oattle, and which people talk of and remember for the rest of the year. It was on a Sunday evening, .just after ohuroh-time, when the first thunder-peal roared hoarsely among the distant hills, and the first vivid flash of forked lightning zigzagged across the low leaden sky. Riohard Redmayne was sitting nnder tho oedar, smoking, as nsnal, with an unread Sunday paper lying on hiB knee, and his eyes fixed dreamily on the line of poplars that rose above the garden walk He was not afraid of a little than, der and lightning, and sat for a couple of hours, after this first swelling chord in the tempestuous symphony, watching tho pro gress of the storm with a gloomy delight in its awful grandeur, with almost a sense of relief in this Bndden awakening of earth and. sky from their Bummer silence, as if his own sluggish heart were stirred and lightened a little by the storm. It was only when the rain began to fall in torrontB, and Mrs Bush eame out, dripping like a rastlo naiad, ander a dilapidated eot. ton umbrella, to entreat him piteonsly to oome indoors, that he roused himself from that morbid sympathy with the elemental and rose from his bench under the oedari stretohing himself, and looking round him half bewildered. " It's that dark as yon oan't see your band before yon, Mr. Redmayne, between whiles,' and that vivid when it lightens as you oan distinguish every loaf on the trees, and to think of your sitting here all the time ! My good man says as how you must have gone to Kingsbury village. I've been that fidgety about you, I did'nt know what to do; so at last I says to my William, 'H I gets wet to the bone, I'll go and see if he's Id the garden ;' and as soon as I came to'the edge of the grass, whioh is like a bog, it lightened jast in my eyes like, and I see yon sitting here like a statter. You'll bo a lucky man, Mr. Redmayne, if yon're not laid up with the rheumatioks along of this night's work." "A few drops of rain won't hnrtjme, Mrs. Bush ; bnt I'll oomo indoors, if you like. Tho Btorm is worth watohing ; but I reckon it'll be bad for Davis's corn. It's lucky the hops are no forwarder." Davis was the tenant, for whom Mr. Redmayno had some natural oompasslon, as became a man whosb interests and desires bad once been bounded by those hedgerows. He went indoors to oblige Mrs. Bash, bat would not allow the garden door to be barred that night, and sat up long after the housekeeper and her husband had gone to their roost in their garret — till the tempest was over, and the snn was shining on tho sodden trees and beaten flower beds, and the birds were twittering in the calm morning air, as in tbe over ture to William Tell. Ho walked round the garden, looking idly at the ruin of roses and jasmine, oaraations and lavender bushes, before he went upstairs to his room. It I was late when he oame down to hi solitary breakfast, and the oountenanee of Mrs. BuBh was solemn with the weight of a startling communication when she brought him his dish of eggs and baoon. " Suoh a calaminty, Mr. Redmayne 1 " she exolalmed ; J' I felt certain sure aa the storm would do some damage ; and it have. Mr. Davis have had a fine young heifer struok dead, and the pollard beeoh in Mar tinmas field is blown down." " The old pollard beeoh !" oried Riohard ; " the tree my mother was so fond of, — and Graoe too. I'm sorry for that." Mrs. Bash shook her head in a dismal way, and Blghed plaintively. He so rarely mentioned his daughter, althongb she was bursting with sympathy. "And so Bhe was, Mr. Redmayne — poor dear love — uncommon fond of Martinmas field and that old tree. I've seen her take her book or her fanoy work np there many an afternoon, when yon was in foreign parts. ' I'm tired of the garden, Mrs. Bush,' she'd say ; ' I think I'll go np to Martinmas field, and ait a-bit.' And I nsed to say, 'Do Miss Graoey ; yon look to want a blow of fresh air f far she was very pale that lost antnma before we lost her, poor dear. And when the hop-ploklng waa abont, she'd ait nader tbe pollard beeoh talking to the children, no matter how dirty nor how ragged, ahe was that gentle with 'em ! Itwas enough to bring the teara into yonr eyea to aee her." " I'm sorry the eld bseoh is gone," aaid Riohard thonghtfolly. He remembered a tea-drinking they bad had by that tree one mild afternoon in the bop harvest, and Graoe singing her simple ballads to them after- wards by the light of the hunter's moon. What a changod world it waa without her ! He made short wotk_ of his breakfasti whioh was as flavorless aa all the rest of his dismal moals ; and act out immediately after wards to inspeot the fallen beeoh in Martin mas field. Very rarely had he trodden the land tenanted by Farmer Davis, but to-day he waa bent on seeing the nature of the ac cident whioh bad robbed him of one of his favorite landmarks, the tree that had been anoient in the time of his great-grandfather The rain was oompleto ; the massive trunk snapped like tho Bpar of a atorm-drivon vessel, broken short off within three feet from tho roots. A conple of farm laborers — men who bad worked for Riohard Redmayne when he farmed his own land — were already hard at work digging out tbe roots, whioh spread wide about the baso of the fallen tree. Farmer Davis was a smart man, in the Trans atlantic sense of the word, aud did net suffer the grass to grow under his feet. " Gettin' rid of this here old beeoh will give him a rood of land moreatthlB corner," aaid ono of the men, when Mr. Redmayno had surveyed the scene, and aaid a word or two about the storm. "He alius did grumble about this tree, tbo grasB was that sour under it ; so now he'll be happy." " I'm sorry it's gone, for all that," replied Riok, contemplating it gloomily. Ho seated himself on a gate elose by, and watched the men at their work, idly and hopelessly, thinking of the daya that were gone. He sat for nearly an hour without speaking a word ; and the men glanced at him now and thon furtively, won dering at tho ohange that had eoiue upon him since the old time when they had called him master. He took bia pipe from hia pocket, and solaced himself with that silent oomforter. He was sitting thns, with blB eyes fixed on tho distant horizon, when one of the men, who had been digging ont a ragged arm of the root from a little hollow into which tho dead leaves had drifted, toaaed some glittering object away with the leaves npon hia spade, and uttered a ory of anrprise, as ho stooped to piok it np. " Why, what's this here ?" he exclaimed, taming it over in his broad band. "A gold broooh !" It was not a brooch, bnt a large oval looket. Richard Redmayne roused himself from his reverie to see what tbis stir was about ; and at sight of that golden toy broke ont with a load oath, that startled th men more than tho finding of tho treasure, " It's Grace's locket, "heorisd ; "the looket my daughter lost three? years ago ! See if there isn't a bunch of blue flowers painted inside." He had heard tbe history of the looket from Mrs. James, and had forgotten no detail of the one gift which the fatal stranger had sent his child. " It's unoommon hard to open," said the man, operating upon the trinket with his clumsy thumb. "Yes, here's the blue flowers, sure enough, and I suppose there ain't no dosbt about the looket being yonr property, sir, so here it is." " And here's a sovereign for you and your mate," replied Riohard Redmayne, tossing theeoin into the man's band. He took the looket, and sat for some time looking at it thoughtfully aa it lay in the palm of his hand— poor relie of the dead She had worn it ronnd her neck every day, Mrs. James hsd told him ; had loved it for the sake of the treaoherous giver. " I ought to have thought of hunting for it about here," he said to himself, "knowing she waa fond of Bitting nnder the beech. I sup pose it dropped from her ribbon and fell into the hollow, and so got buried among the dead leaves. And she grieved for the loss of it, Hannah told mo. Poor child, poor ohild ; she was no more than a child to be tempted by suoh toys." He pnt the trinket into his pooket, and walked slowly homewards; and from that time forward he carried it abont him, with his keys aud Ioobb money, in an indis criminate heap. The spring, which was made to defy the eye of jealousy, was not proof against this rough usage, and became loosened from oonstant friotion. Thus it happened that, when Mr. Redmayne dropped the looket one day, the false baok flew open( and the miniature stood revealed. He swooped upon it as a kite npon its pre; Yes, this was the face he had heard of ; but how mnoh handsomer and yonnger than Mrs. James's description had led him lo sup pose 1 He sat for an hour gazing at it, and thinking of the time when he should come face to faoe with its owner, shonld look into the eyes of the living man as he now looked into the eyes of the pioture. Nemesis had put this portrait in his way. "It'll be hard if I don't find him now,1' he said to himself. He went up to London, took the minia ture to a photographer, and had it copied oarefully, painted in as finished a manner aa the original ; and the copy he gave to Mr. Kendel, the private inquirer. "Yon told me yon could do something if you had a pioture of the man I want to find," he said ; " and here is bisminiatnre." " An uncommonly good-looking fellow,'' remarked Mr. Kendel, as he examined the photograph. " I'll do my beat, of course, Mr. Redmayne, and the portrait may be of some nse ; but if I were you, I wouldn't bnildtoo mnoh on finding the man." 