OUR FRENCH ,LETTER: PAnIs, Dec. 30. The Assembly, during its daily average sit= ting of four hours,-costs the country-in sala rioe.to 'deputies and offilials-the sum of one hundred frapos per minuto. It has been asked to boar this fact in mind, as well as another one, that Germany has to be paid t'iree' mil liards, so as to econoniise time in legislating foi the national welfale. Week' after week pro. drices its silly debates on puerile matters, over which the factions composing the Chamber lash .themselves into fury, exclaiming mea culpa, after. sobriety ensues, at the loss of time.' The admission of the Orloanist princes to the Assembly occupied in negotiation and discus. sion as much attention as would have sufficed to make the excellent bill for public and compul. sory education tho'law of the land, but which ppeoars'to be as forgotten as the princes them. solves. The time consumed to deotermine whether a M. Rano was or was not a criminal Communist would have been ample to discuss the projnct of army' reform,, and enable the people to know if military service was hence. fortli to be obligatory. ' Having been so octivd ihr minor matters, the deputies might afford a little industry to those of moment ; it is their back-sliding in this respect that is giving force tohe deonmand of the ultra;republicans for the election of a new Assembly. Paris is in a sulky mood because the Representatiies, the "country party" in the Assembly will not consent to resume their deliberations in the city. 'It i a struggle between thi capital and the npro neps i- be wpo~t -ho head mndl the 0 bxt r itio- Fn novo bo / than qui 1whll.Parlisis, dt! ronton cd, and soc?peh to to calcnlntion of All rot ners H. rders cani be poverfyl oeioniug to ct tho firoposal \ for' nr isnaonsotat' ;but" lio cannot brilg the legislature back to Paris. The moans for raising tho increased revenue are not yet clearly defined. The Prosident true to odonouio' views which have never changed since 1828, repels free-trade I but protection is losing ground, and conmmercial isolation is re garded uas the "happy despatch" for France. D1. Thlors has opposed to his protectionist ideas the soundest heads and clearest minds in the country-the same phalanx that las boon do feated on the income-tax. Victories like this will be more fatal than discomfiture. In 1700 Itoussau said of French taxation-h-e cwho has little pays much; he who ihas much pays littlb ; but'provided the,great be content it matters little.. howltho poor live... Matters are not in such a state at' present, but there are ih equalities thlt' tihe taxation of incoins would remnovo. Hf. Theirs holds that the rich. are over-taxed':already, . and the wealtlh bf Sthe Assemblynituralll y repels a. project to 0e' further squeezed. Tlcre.is somethling wroflg wvhbn a muan hlid to pay the amnoe dues for sellipg aunrtae.of an acro of alnd'as if he disposed ofia thbi'sniid erores and if pboplo have to be addi tionally taxed it is to mooeet exceptional demands. A speech frontm ., Thiors is now an eovent: to condemn him tb silence 'would be to kill him. It is said thlat rarely does a parliamentary orator !win 'vbtea. by his eoloquence, but H. Thiers captures ,them ct ,masse. He has 'a wheedling imnnior for plucking a majority ouit of an irresolute Assoslbly. . He has no out Sburstas of eloquence whereosound might do the I duty of sense ;Ihe is very small in stature, and no one over accused nlim of possessing' stdntorianc Silungs; but hisgostures, thoolearponotrating style of lis .argumonts addressed, alko to the rea son, pruejdices, pride and humor of his Sihrors, oears down resistance, though con v oyed in a childislh, treblo. '.. He' never itit provisos a speech-rho ,;,ropares; his dicourses ik pages of Iihis stori rs. Ho understands his'ani, acd be 'It''right br' wrong ina'clies to it. He has thought out 'h6" means, 'londo therelis' no. difilculty' oranmbiguity obf"?rek sion. For nearly half a ceontury he h]as-'Illd the' publi oeyeo; 'there is no Vicar of Brayisr. in ,his, past; .hoe' bows to oxpodioney; bit tcherishes his personal, views the more, His 'srivato 'life' is witloitt a 'stain, liis ptbllic character without reproacli. "Ho is a patriot to the backbone, and never parades his patriotisris. He is plucky, for'he has fought his diol. .Io is rich withot' ostentation ; ' has' no;aembition for titles; his desire is tohbo king anmoiig," r6t ofi-,mon. Such a charactor has consequently immense weight, and Iis' political heresies are pardoned, for ho mcuch loves France. \- ( Tlhe Minister of Finanic-Pdoiyer-Questler is a very popular and able moan.' As a mill owner, ho is a millionnairo. His jolly rustle look is sufficient to inspirolconfidence. It is t said ' hl lives onily" on claret and soup, with. i statistics for dessert. After his chief informed .. theoA?sdmbly that 'the' finances' of the nation occupiod 70,000 clerks, and the adoption of the income tax would entail somiething like a similir' corps, tile Minister of Financo bogged the depu-; ties would not deal with -figures, theyonly cofi fused a debate-nothing, observed Canning, Is t more deceptive than facts, except figures--and theno he colnmencdd to dcal'wltls tholit by'the' fathom. It was a mercy to finish, especially is. the lady spectators Wero becoming inpatient, eand the young' deputieswere 'fidgotty to'foen the hedge, as at a theatre, to see tie clogalit fair sex depart.' M. Pouyer-Questior h?ia offered, the "prise for virtue,"' or will give his - influence -to secure a vacant arm-cihair in the Academy, or secure a .nomination as minister at a foreign court, with the lprivi lego to never quit Paris as is now the fashion to 'any patriot who''can point-out 'm,'i article that has oescaped untaxed his Argus-oyes. 'M. Lachaud; 'the ceolebrated lawyer, who do fended Torinolet, on the charge of killing 'a German soldier, and which produced the recent imnpolitie despatch from ,?rince Bismarck, states evidence was adduced that his client used the. knife when ~tli soldier. drow-hi bayonot-it was a case.of self-defence. All this is, however, secondary; IBismark has produced ans eflect contrary to what he expected. Excitable as the French are, they have resolved to: nurse their' wraih. They will not allow their hand to boe forced, will assist the tax- gatherer to collect the baknco of the indemnity-will turn the other chodk to be smnitten if necessary-will bow to' the seizing of hostages, but will organise the con?itry, and whoen this time comes--when the blhut of wisr will again blow in our car?-thoy cwil-imitato the action of the tiger. "itiffon the sinews,, summon up the blood." Tlia remarkable change in the French chia t ractor ought to make oven Germany reflect. There' ap~pears to be a'fresh panic setting in about the barnk, and: the silver coin which was reappearing is again retiring to its 'hiding ground.. The cause results front the govern mental demands on the national bank, not from any commercial pressure. The, bank lwasnoarly reached the limit of its legal circulation of 'poer, and if not empowieered by. the Assombly to extend it, must draw on its gold which is being treasured for 'Berlin; The auxiliary notes, front one to five francs, are gone r rally received-the railway companioes excepted,;, beeauso ,they tradeo in the premium on the precious metals. The notes in question got very soiled, filthy, after a little wear and tear. , Homo politics are calmer;, the prospects of royalty and imperialism are getting small by f degrees. The Logitimists have thrown up the game, and the Orlcanists have lost it. The D Duo d' Aumalo Is drily great in Ihis chitbeau at r Chantilly, whiere thePrince do Joinvillo shares I an honorable 'iitignificanco, and following his e nautical habits, prefors a' hammock to a bed of 1 down. , .The Comte do Paris is believed to be s someowhere in Franco. . As for the Bonapartists, I their stnlggles for public life are'visibly syeaker. a The country has concluded they represent no political principle, have only been a sad fact \- and an adventure 'ii'history. 'Bonapartiasm is viewed as rdvolutionaiyi Icas nothing conserved i -not even, its own existence, whichi was ship wrecked in full calm Y Liko shlips that have gone downi at san, When heaIen criws all tranquillity," and very nearly punk,.France with it.,. The countryl vill Ihaveo., more governmonts of e'ipbldiguhts, Iaa'rd'orocdcasio.n Thb Republic is taking' rdot; 'acnd thce'"nation is feelifig' the advantage of directly'mnnaging its own affairs. .M. Thliors devotes "oiglitoee. hours daily to Slaboring at the good work. \- There are several vacancies for the Asseomlly 'tobb' llld'iedp in a fewr days. Tlihe 'candidates so farar nre molodorato Ropblicans. Paris hals a r deputy to:nominate, and tIle struggle between t. Ihe Radicals and Conservatives is fierce. The r latter invited M[arshal Mi'Mahons to stand, It but with his accetomod honesty sni good sonsoe lie has ducluced, assorting not only his position as Commander a in-Chief las an objection, but that a soldier bost performs Isis dutoy cy eshowing politics, Thisd tiidicals heve' hold a series of cucus I. meeotings, where thi old elements of the Comn s muno reappeared. ?Victor Huigeo'semsna to be thie idol.: .He subscribes to ial the conditions a required, oven to submitting to a proposed im 1 prisoncont if Ie breaks faith... It is obljected Sthait le is a Viscount, that Ihe once sang tihe Spraises of thait "child of ai miracle," the Comto ad Chambord, and might do so again. As he is i "a man of genius tihat illuminates thle uni Sverso," observed a speaker, it was presump. r tion to discuss hie. Ex-Geoneral Cromemor wat proposed; Ie, too, rwould' snbsdribo to any a tlingrequired, and among hIis phlnse for savlng the country were the immnediato renewal of tlh cwar with' GeOrmany, acid tihe brigading of all thi clergy 'as 'soldioers-to bh cbmnianded by Garibaldi, as an elector snggoestod. "Inlciddntally Sit was mooted'that theworld would bh deliglted Sto seoM. Thiers imprisoned for life,and thie Com muno rovonead. An oator wo on e hobsioHli Jtito, England hald more "h cattile ta.nn h ? e ri w 6 voe out ef oret an Uted eq es rtiarolto a lunati.... T. a jorl ,' arwmb d n. .ot jDeiocted to .i hi tin broken his word of honor e wet the Prusi ns. but it was regarded as i spot on the suoln, that tvowed in 1170 to t"alcoa isot l and holart" over at the servico of the Empire Thausl aris is not devoid of hmusomontl;_ authorities allow these patriots to have t llitr without lot or, hindronce, and thoe ?llio escaped from being sot on fire. \- Toe army is grumbling at thlo'slownesi t t whioh the cornmission for revising the proe, tiotos, monado 'by Goambetta, is ; working, si desires '?hilh to see lazaino's trial conclude against whom tle proofs of not doing has duth at 'Mote becomo .blacker. The soldelon t t sltado'moro comfortablo in the camps, th0ugh they undoubtedly, long after theo fiesh.pots Egypt, the barrack life of the cities. On Chr mas eve theoykept high revel, plenty to eat mni drink in Ihotnor of the time, and felt they we not" only. glorlouset, but" o'er a'tlohe ills' of lit, victorious; ' . 'It is currently belioeve? the courte-martlnl?i still sitting, buth so fiatiguod is tld publi oii?t tlibr proceedings that the journahs dnly'ria: notice them, Howover ,tlbo Government, tofr credit, is freely libeiating, after, alight insahl gation, numbers of prisoners on the lulks,' p official journal corroborates the discovery otu in. Now Caledonia,; a'that thoe patriots are to leave their country' for their count?t, good for the "fortiihto" isles are to he envi?s T'herd'is an intentioni to 'std Rosiibl's farther i dopu ty to'rthe 'Ao sotnbily hie wd atteouptedil thie aso of Baudin'e brother." It is sAd'poliy trode do thoe dead,, but in France there notaing., ik t having, a. "body" to t Banqoo's ghost. , . u lhrlstmas was never mre observed as a h1 day .by toe . ronclhtha on ithis ocasn -ordinarily dren's feast. It i one's heart good to . witnes, old timi come, back ' again., Tlihe churches c eh i rell-filled With' worsplippeii-s.l-l ty, o ot fasbl, droew'many.":" ThO', 'lnirdntght" maessb 'of i Eve wiore "ibow'm'onos'n'theoGovbrnlhent o0 to a trnings orowd-f so tlro shourc ld te , musical ponml. The' redtao rants and toye.?, remained open- al'the night": it istheofashiono L"sup intfloristmda Duy-oysters and sausea oniolt soup,-and trufllod delicacies being the ir of fare. As the A hildroenexpeot levpett N?sit dopesit in their, tiny shoes, ranged before t0 churoneyi solme present, tile toy-shops did ar?e. ing tdo.''e Therd 'nover'' ~itd taken 'tip d ti drunken peoplo,and those who wereableto sta hlmo;e: savedl fron..drinkinklng, their 'g;o 'i earnings of a few sons, to purchasO the pocted ratidication for,,sleir httlo ones, ond doubt.felt"rtisfiod they lid done thoeir dut. Theo ano al fair oun. the. Boulevards is e patronlised. The terrible' weatl r' h ode. -anto'de nd therO is nb'16tigbbr'sibciii eithoher o sledges'or boats to pass along th 'streets. it "Ptssinn - soldier," looting' the goods aft o. chattels' of, the'Gauls, forns-thle popular isi, I Nowoveryono isi oc1pplod in sending a card ? 1n friends .and acquantanes. inmtonpr , of ?he an 'yeas, wiiclh for many its tho tonly,ovidote'sto' Syou )ave lived duringo the hoist 365 day's:" eoursoa present is''antieipate bytheo youngsien if fyou desire to be reoardod as 'a friend, and i tiso rwh Iavo ominitore d to your tomforts 1 discomfort -during 1871, expect you are note 3 sufuorr 'by' any monotary' crisid ;'*they ado$t . Danton's naxim-Audacity, 'audacity, alwae audacity. ' T ?bo post oflic.:elerks ,work nigt and day to send off the mountains of cartedf visite to every part of.. thie world.- One -othe \- favorite dodges to demand a gift, is adopted 3by some claractei s 'who ' assert thei rsaved your house and property I?o Sbeing burned under tUe Commune. 'N. Thier will recognise the sovereignty of the Atsombly by first paying a visit to its President, when the latter will drop in on the' chief of 'the stare royal fashion--by the tihb he hasroabched home It is thle custem is commnercla houses to adolt Ssome emblem in, honor' of'thn ' season(e whid pt urchasers tako, awayr l ith them I,, This yo the "etiquette" is a photograph of M. TEiern. 'o Theore is-- ''neongrotlhitory, "address botb tsigned by tlhe citizens to :be 'presentod to the Princeof.Wales on his recovery.' ,. The Prins tis popular in this country, as he is believed to Ishtsro in the sorrows of Franco, as lie did in the rgood works to relieve her distreoss.. S Tihe snow-white beasrd of the Emperord 7 Brazil is to be met with everywhere. Nest r week heo can bid at the sale of the Imperil r kitchen utensils. Twoclhambor-maids-negresas 3 -of his suite are stars in Paris.:",. 