THE EDUCATION QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABOVE. Sir,-Would you allow me space for a few words on the question of public education, which I offer, partly because it is an immense mistake to suppose that politicians only are entitled to a say in it, partly because no class has during the discussion been subjected to such merciless criticism as the class to which I belonged criticism, let me say, which has been often as grossly uni' Jr in substance as it has been in particular cases violent and abusive in form. I am warned by the pressure on your columns to be brief, and I will condense what I have to say within the narrowest limits. First, I do not write as an out-and-out opponent of the bills c, I do not object to free education for rudimentary branches, nor to compulsory education if practicable, upto secular education during particular hours; but I do object in the most emphatic manner to these things in the bill 34. Its centralisa- tion of all power over public education in a board nominated by a political chief. This '. will aggravate a mischief already in this country sufficiently great, viz., the manipula- tion of great permanent interests by persons who have no guaranteed competency for the task but their connexion with a dominant political party. 2 Its exclusion of parents from all choice in the selection of teachers. May not a Government nominee be able to come up to a particular standard of examination, and yet labour under intellectual and moral defects not to be gauged by examination, which might prevent a whole district from having any confidence in him 3, Its non-recognition in the faintest degree of the moral and religious nature of the subjects of the state. There is not the ghost of an argument by which the intellectual culture of the citizens can be proved to be a duty binding on the state, which would not be a fortiori (in all the degree by which moral life is a thing more important than intellectual) an argument that it is equally bound to care for their moral and religious welfare. Without amendment of these faults and defects, I will regard the passing of the bill as a retrograde step in politics and a social disaster. Having defined how far I am, or am not, opposed to the present measure, I beg to call the attention of your readers and of the public to one or two considerations bearing most vitally on all educational legislation which have not been mooted, so far as I am aware, by any person who has taken part in the discussion, whether from church or state. L What is the state? One of the com- monest fallacies floating about is that the state is the Government that the state and the people are absolutely distinct entities that duties may be binding upon the people which are not binding on the state, and that certain questions may have a deep and deathless interest for every man, woman, and child in the country, without the state having any share in that interest or any right to give it political expression. Now, I combat this as a philosophical error of the gravest character. Nothing has any right to call itself a state which is not the aggregate of the organised social life of the entire society of men living within given geographical boundaries. The state is the visible point at which that totality of life finds expression. Hence there is no interest common to every man which does not by necessity become a social interest, and if a social, then also a political. How can it be argued, then, with any philosophical accuracy that theoretically a state has nothing to do with the religious education of its people? If religion is a necessity and not an accident of man's nature of it is a force of enormous power and influence where it is a reality at all-if society has not despaired of reaching truth about God altogether, then the state has simply a fearful interest in what creeds its citizens accept. Not by any exercise of political ingenuity eau it escape interpenetration with the religious influences operating on the minds of the people, whilst by artificially restraining itself from all active interference, it either breaks the unity of the national life, setting the individual into collision at points with political and universal interests, or gives the weight of its authority to the extinction of the religious force. In short, whatever interests man as man interests the aggregate of men, i.e., the state; and the logical alternative for politicians is either prove that under no circumstances can the country ever have a common religious life, or admit that religious life into the closest connexion with every human relation, the political included. ' 2\. Where creeds differ, what is the state's duty ? If creeds differ so essentially that no element common to them all Can be erected into the religion of the state, it must either be-1st. Because the data are difficult to examine ; religious truth is reached by slow processes, and manifold channels of experience ; the best of men may find it hard to see what their relations totheEternalare; or, 2nd, BecauBereligion is an impossibility, there being no certain knowledge about God, eternity, infinity, We, reachable by man. Now, I know that a class of thinkers Spencer, Huxley, and so on-accept this latter alternative ; worship, as they say, at the shrine of the unknowable ; but if I know anything of my fellowmen, I feel certain that they have not yet settled down into any such despair. Irreconcilable differences of creeds must come then from the first cause, the difficulty of the subject. What is the state's duty in relation to religious education mean- while? Most certainly not to ignore it, nor to neglect it. If religious truth is reachable, it will be reached and the state is simply acting in its character' as the exponent of the total life of the community when it gives every facility for ex- pediting the process. The very least that in transition periods of belief a state should do is to offer its citizens legal facilities for pro- pagating what at present they believe to be true religion. The very conception of a tolerant state allows its citizens to educate their children in what belief they please. 3\. Can the clergy undertake the religious education of children? I answer that the expectation is absurd, unjust, and cruel. Absurd, because it is in itself work, for another profession ; unjust and cruel because the clergy are not the solo curators of man's spiritual welfare, but only office-bearers, whose duty, as defined by ages of history, is mainly to preach to adults, to tend the sick, and to stir up and sustain an interest in all beneficent organisations whatever. 'Hence they cannot by any distribution of time or any exertion of strength, accept a new and extremely difficult class of duties. And now, finally, a word or two in answer to some arguments used by prominent men in the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Langton denies that the anxiety of the churches to obtain an hour for the special inculcation of religion can be anything, else than a hypocritical pretence. For what reason ? Because the duty has been neglected in the past. This is a strange argument to be used by a man of undoubted calibre like Mr. Langton. What ' has the state to do with the motives of the clergy in demanding a particular concession, if that concession is right in itself? And by what moral logic can it be maintained that men who have neglected their duty; in the past ought to be precluded from the chance of doing it in time to come-nay, not only they, but that everybody else must be precluded equally ? Mr. Wrixon affirms that the widespread intellectual scepticism which he deplores is the fruit of clerical folly or ignorance in putting forward theological dogmas in such a form that the heart and conscience of the people recoil from accepting them. The clergy have much to answer for, but it is really dreadful to be accused of killing the faith out of a nation. I deny the fact that the clergy are the rear guard of intellectual society in England. I challenge Mr, Wrixon to name a single great ethical or theological doctrine accepted by any considerable school of thinking laymen which is not known to, and either advocated or intelligently, and appreciatively opposed by, schools of clergymen in any country he chooses to name. Surely, if the dogmas of the clergy, are incredible, that is hardly a reason for an intellectual man despairing of all religions truth. is not the wide universe open to the laity as well as the clergy? Can nothing be done by the former because the latter are beaten 1 The truth is, that English scepticism is not due to the clergy at all, but to the enormous growth of physical science, to the further development of historical criticism, and to other secular movements of civilisa- tion for which the clergy are as little responsible as they are for the overgrowth of London, On the annroarriinrí pertinacious of the gold-fields. -I am, Sir, yours, c, PETER S. MENZIES. THE German Emperor has given the celebrated military library of Metz to the general staff at Berlin. The library comprises 40,000 volumes, many of them exceedingly rare, and a great number of valuable manuscripts and drawings. It is the result of 300 years' collecting. FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE NEWS AND ADVERTISEMENTS SEE THE SUPPLEMENT, TO THE: ARGUS OF THIS DAY' 