THE OOHING COMET. (From (he Saturday Beriew.} NEETOUS people, as is credibly stated, bave been put to great anxiety by the aanouncement, which recently appeared ip the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards -tts with amazing rapidity from the remoteabysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possi- bility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no comet coming ; that, if it were coming, it would be a very welcome visitor ;., and that we have already passed through a comet, and found if less obnoxious than a°31ondon fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood-for even astronomers have been boys snatched a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish imagination loves lo people the dim borders of ita little world ? Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station? Astronomers have already taken terrible liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the sky with a deatb-di-aling tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were a mathematical book put in h¡8 jaws, till his impressiveness bas departed from him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our infancy were unmistakable proofs of a graminivorous nature. Eren so the estimation lill our skies have become CB empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure as that some time or other the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan junction. Of course, his fellow-philosophers found fault with some of his details, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. Let us, however, for a brief period "dally with false surmise," and en- deavour to return to the simple faith of 1 a child. Let us imagine that the I astronomer has really prophesied our ! approaching fate, and that tho prophecy j is correct. Within a few weeks we shall i be able, without the help of telescopes, I to see the little cloud, no bigger than a ; man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have ever before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost perceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than any- thing that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath.' But the time during which we shall be conscious of excessive heat will bo brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not have time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of insects that crawls amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. (In the other side of the world we shall, perhaps, have just oue flash of sensation. We Bhall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skip- ping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as the dust-to indulge in a humble simile-is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows on its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it -so we shall remember on the faith of a President of the British Association some minute germs to bo planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again tbat end- less process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss the sueleas of the comet, comet has been lowered but are wrapped in bis fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of tho poles, and singe the world into the likeness nf an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alas! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice tosuchtremendouscalastrophes. Milton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming, might, possibly, be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world ; but nature is not prodigal ; she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to note this last condition, for it is highly probable that we should resolutely decline to believe anything so unpleasant. There are are limits to one's faith even in mathe- matics, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things, even if they had to twist a few laws of nature for the purpose. But let us imagine that this difficulty is sur- mounted. If we were all really con- vinced that at 4 o'clock p.m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th nf AugUBt, the whole human race and its dwelling place would be summarily knocked to atoms, what would be the effect on our minds? The most natural supposition is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and we should be reduced to ' the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons -of strong religious feeling would either go. into retirement, or would endeavour to awaken thc consciences of the sinners around them ; whilst thé sinners would become utterly reckless and would remember that there waano use in keeping a cellar of wineto be consumed by a comet. Some such tendency would, of course, be manifest ; but the question remains, how far it would be overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simple til« inertia: in our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less accustomed to the prospect. One would feel that it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employments which have become neces- sary parts of our existence. There are innumerable stories, such as that of the man who insisted on taking his accus- tomed pill an hour before he was hanged ; and,' if we were all . under sentence of execution - as, indeed, sermons are apt to remind us thal wo are, even without the intervention of a comet - it is, perhaps, reasonable to suppose that we should act in thc same spirit. The great bulk of mankind would say, " It's all very well ; we shall not want anything more after the 12th of AugUBt ; but that is no reason why we should not have our regular meals end enjoy our newspapers at breakfast." 