TASMANIA.-From the Tasmanian papers wc lum that a strike on a small scale has occurred on tho Ln line of railway, near the Tamar bridge Tho men P, ¡gea engaged without any definite wagos being stated, ladwnen pay-day oame the labourers were paid at the nteof only 4s. Cd per day, and the carpenter*! 6s. The ¡oitHctore, it I« supposed, will have to mcriAso the wanes. ?be Helft Town Mercury mentions the death of Mr. trflbam Flctchor, doputy coiumiesary- gonoral, at the ago el 76 He entered the service as a clerk m the commissariat ifrarlwcnt of the Duko of Wellington's army in the »Lpful», and carne out to Tasmania in 1824, being en ' ttd »¡ih responsible duties in connection with the conniifsaTiat department at Hobart Town. NEW ZEALAND----From the papers received by the Hero, we take the following items -Mr. Stafford has made a further statement to the House with respect to the formation of the new Ministry. Mr. Sewell is to be Colonial Secretary, Mr Curtis , Postmaster-General and Commisioner of Stamps and Customs Mr. Fitzberbert's position does not seem to be defined . It is stated that he is to special charge of the immigration department while at the same time , Mr Sewell is declared to be "the only medium of communication with the Agent- General ' The Thames Advertiser says -" We regret to hear again from the interior, statements of a disquieting character. For the last day or two it has been reported here among the natives that the Hanhau section of Ngatibans, with the concurrence of King Tawhiao, had determined to drive Mr. Firth's cattle and sheep off the run at Matamata, and we understand that natives arrived here yesterday with letters for Mr Puckey, definitely stating the fact. We believe the movement has arsin amongst the Hanhau section of the Ngatihauebau --Te Pakaroa and his followers--who some time since took up their residence at Maungatautari, and who, It is said, have obtained the co-operation of the King. We do not know whether the message has been sent direct to Mr Firth, or to the Queanites who protect him and re- ceive the rents, but its terms are, that all the sheep and cattle must be removed or they will be driven off.. It would be most unfortunate if any disturbance, were to arise at this juncture . We do not anticipate anything of the kind, and have little doubt that Mr. Firth will himself be able to arrange the matter without troubling the Government, as he has done on previous occasions." It is stated that a quicksilver mine has been discovered at the Bay of islands .The discovery was made at a place about twenty miles north of the Bay of Islands, near an old crater The explorers sank a shaft near the crater, until they came to water, and they then carried in an open cutting from a small creek. In this they found two sand veins, each about 9 inches thick, containing mercury in large quantities. They took out about 1½ cwt. of the stuff. EXPORT OF WOOL FROM NEW ZEALAND -A cacptmliTO return «f wool exports from Mew Zealand ibov« a srand total for the year ending 30th June last, of to 69123a lbs , valued at £2,374,312. During the previous jeir the exports were 35,904,271 lb« A HAUNTED HOUSE AT TnE THAMES, NEW ZBAUMJ -For some days past (says the Thames Evening Star) i am ours have reached us that certain very strango octurence», or manifestations (as tho Spiritists oatl them), have been going on during woeks and even months pul, in a house on the Hape Creek. Of oourso wo have a «rinn dtlicacy about mentioning tho oxaot situation of the borne m question, bnt, aa it is prob ¿Die that the whale affair «ill become a matter of public talk and oomment m a abort space of time now, delay in actual names and partiou Un cannot make much difference This muoh we may say. however-that any one visiting Oroena tray's battery will not be man\ minutes' walk from tho oxaot spot whioh the glotis delight to honour. The marmor in which tho ghosts, or spirits, or media, or whatever they may bo, make their presence known is of the most approved modern type. At the most unseasonable hours, particularly at night, they indulge in rappings of the loudest and most varied chiracter Cups and aawcers are dislodged from shelf and Dong violently about and across the room , the fourniture chura and tables, above alt-commit antics, and indulge in Tiganes, threatening to dislocate their every joint And tvm beds, m which people have been sleeping, or endoa Touring to sleep, aro haulod about without any apparent effort on the part of the hauler. Efforts have not been «anting to discover the meaning of all this Mon have aat np st night with loaded pistols, bnt without attaining any definite or iattefaotory results, though the kcockiuga have been plainly heard by them on every sid», and avon in the thort space whioh Intervened been the plates they were fitting in. CAPTURE OF A BUSHRANGER. - A correspon tddent of the Inverell Cturier gives the following rather kuy particulars ot the capture of a robber :-" On Friday momlnp, 13th August, a messenger arrived from Stoney fidler, in great haste, for senior, constable Scott to prooeed to that puce, as a bushranger, armed to the teeth, had ifook-up Mr. Baldwin, of the Loopanda Hotel, and stolen t hone, saddle, and bridle. The senior-constable lost no time in starting, accompanied by oonatable Sharp, bath veil mounted. They accomplished the distanos (thirty miles) in one horn and thirty minutes. The bushranger, tho gives his name as James M'Phersom, carne to Mr, Baldwin's hotel about 8 o'clock on the evening of the Uih instant, without either swag or horse, and, hiring ordered tea, ho remained in the honso until bed tims, occasionally having a glass of grog. He asked for i bed, and was shown it by Mr. Baldwin. About half-an hour after Mr. Baldwin had retired, he thought he heard tome ene trying to «pen a bedroom door off the parlour, »here a lady passenger by the coach was sleeping. Ho got np, went to the parlour, and, seeing H'Phereon, he (Mr. Baldwin) told him to go to his own room. M'Fherson left for that purpose, and Mr. Baldwin having faatoned all the dcors, again retired, thinking all was right ; bat, to his as- tonishment, after a short time, he heard a noise, as if a horse were walking in front of the hotel. He got up, and, looking out of the window, saw a horse-with saddle and liidlo on, tied to one of the verandah posts. Ho know the horse belonged to a man named Edwards, from Bandemeer, «bo was at his hotel that night. Ho next heard a shot, and then went to tho back to rouse tho groom np, whom be told to go round to the front, and, if possible, secura the horse, and put him in tho efnblo, and lock the door. During this timo, it leons M'Pberson went again to the door of the room whore the lady was sleeping, and, with revolver in hand, threat» ened to blow her brains out if sbo did not admit him into the room. Mr. Baldwin and the groom, hearing some one talking, went into the parlour, and saw the bushranger standing at the bedroom door. The bushranger then said to the groom, " You wretch, you have put my horse away ; go and get him, or I'll blow your brains out;" and at the same time made Mr. Baldwin and tho groom go in front of him to where the horse waa. The horse was brought to bim, and he led it to the front of the hotel, fastened it, and then shouted to Mr. Baldwin to open tho door and give him a nobbler, and if ho did not he would burn the house over ali head. The bushranger was, of course, admitted, had bia grog, aftor which he demanded powder, caps, and ballots, whioh wore refused. Ho then said be would have to bail him up for some ; however, ho got none, end he went away. The honse was again shut up, but Mr, Baldwin and his groom remained up for somo time, thinking the bushranger might como back, and bring his mate with him. They had not long to wait ; and, for the thiid time, they heard him in the parlour. Mr. Baldwin «as determined to have him this time, or die in the attempt. The groom was told te go outside and secure ¡be boree. Mr. B. then wont into the parlour, and, nee ing tho scoundrel undressed, with revolver in hand, Mr. B , who has known him tor years, said, " Jemmy, I did not expect this from you," and requested him to leave the henee. The bushranger replied, " Well, Baldwin, I will go," laying the revolver on the table, to dress himself, end, alter so doing, Mr, Baldwin eoized the revolver, and stepped back. Tho bushranger then made a rush pist Mr. B., for the purpose of getting on hie horse, which the proem was then lending round to the stable, and, whilst in the act of putting his foot in the stirrup, Mr. B., who had followed him ont, struck him on the back of the hoad, and felled him to the ground. He was then secured until the police arrived, when he was delivered over to them. THE GOULBURN VOLUNTEERS.—The Herald states that Sergeant Sproule has been appointed quarter master-sergeant, vice M'Kean, resigned.—Mr. George Martyr, who was lately discharged from the force, and who has appealed to the Governor, has been summoned by Cap- tain Rossi for refusing to deliver up his accoutrements and the books of the committee which were in his custody as secretary. THE CAT.-Tlic Riverine Herald states that the punishment of Hogging has for the first time been a« aided by the Echuca Bench of magistrates, A millan calling himself Franklin was yesterday erdered to be im- prisoned for six months in Sandhurst gaol, and to receive two Hoggings of twenty-five lashes each, for indecent be- haviour. It was sworn in evidence that this maa had twice before been guilty of similar misoonduot, but escaped justice, and it most be gratifying to the publio to know that at last he has got his deserta. ROBINSON CBUSOB'S ISLAND.-In the course of his explorations in the Facifio, Professor Agassi«, oom inimioned by the American Government, visited the Island of Juan Fernanden, more celebrated from Defoe's notion than from Selkirk's history. The wild goats (says the Profe sor) are still numerous here, and flocks of hundreds of them may be seen upon the mountains. The island is about ten or twelve miles long by four in breadth ; the shoreB moat precipitous, and tbe mountain ridges 3000 feet ia height. The water around the island is deep, and ?ne «hole appearanoe is as if there had once been an ex- tensive idand with a splendid rugged mountain chain upon i> ; that suddenly the bottom bad been knocked from under alsxcept this patch ten miles by four, and all but this latch, had sunk into the sea. Valleys and mountain spurs and gentle sir pea are all cutoff by this precipitous edge, and there are but tsw places on the island where yon can oftoct a i?«T8' ^hero **. to-day twelve persons, including several ?children, living on the island. They have good poultry «nd vegetables, splendid beef and milk, and oan get goats by climbing after them. Other things they purohaso with we proceeds ef their beef, milk, and poultry, for whioh .noy find a market in passing ships, especially in American »balers. We spent May-day in rambling on the island and about its shores, gunning, fishing, herborizing, and collecting generally. Sharks, lampreys, cod, soulpins, and other fish ; lobsters, oraba, oray-fish, shrimps, mollu'k« of various sorts, starfish and sea-urchins of divers kinds, a lew insects, some anmuing-birds, 4a, were amona; the traits of our labour. The plants of the island boro a great Jjwml resemblance to those of the oontínant 400 mila* to «he eastward, which surprised me, as both the .revailing juws and "©em current* «re opposed to any tauaainigratioa «om the southern part ol the continent, ' 