1 - '...-.; ? ,? ? 1, ..-J.lt. j ^ ^ ; ,tl_. j -' t ' Domestic servants, in- this country are fast J ? changing, and the old relation between master . and servant is dying out. Of course there are many exceptions, but the rule is that of growing ambrdon and selfishness excluding all interests beyond their own. .They are asking in large households the rate of colonial wages, for which they refuse to do more than their own especial work, and as little of that as they can get.' This is a grievous prospect, truly, and J feel a pang of sorrow— in fact-- 'drops of [com passion tremble on my eyelids -—when I think of the bitter disappointment .these warning words will bring to many a colonial matron who has long awaited the coining of that wished-fpr shipload of emigrant 'girls. At the same time I need scarcely remind you, my Public, that in my solitary, bachelor's life in the Bush I am exempt from all! such, troubles. My man Simon- and bis wife have lived with me for more . .than twenty years, and although good Mrs. Scroggins is some what eccentric in her ways, and rules her master with an unyielding willj I ani; bound to say that hers is a truly affectionate and maternal government, and that she on her side can boast of a devoutly loyal .subject. There was nothing' she would not do for me — except let me have my own way, when she thinks my inclinations detrimental to my welfare; arid in my absence she watches over my interests with the sleepless activity of a tomcat on the tiles. She has no more con ception of a joke than a dingo has of the differential calculus, or Mr. Uarr of com pound division; . She reads the Echoes regu larly with an unmoved countenance, but woe betide the kitchen critic who ventures to think them' 'not quite up to the mark this week.' If she doe3 not comb his head for him with a three-legged stool, he may thank bis stars for getting let off so easily. For myself I cannot say that I have done anything very special to earn such faithful and zealous service, beyond a systematic recognition of the fast that servants are not pieces of clockwork war ranted never to rundown or get out of order, but human beings with little weaknesses, tempers, capacities for ease and enjoy ment, and special idiosyncrasies of their own, very much in fact like you and me, my Public, who happen to be masters and mistresses. Consequently when I hire new servants I don't make it essential to the bargain that they should leave their human nature behind them, but rather look upon it as part of my business to find out what it is like, and as far as I can to adapt myself to its peculiarities. Don't suppose, though, that I do this out of any sentimental regard for. the oldfangled rule about doing as I would be done by, for it is generally admitted that that rule was never intended to apply to the relations of master and servant. No ! I do it simply because it pays. You only try it, my good Public, just by way of a change, and see what a power of work you will get out of Betsy Jane in return ! But, to go back to the 'growing ambition and selfishness' of the modern household servant, and the ' dying out of that old relation' between employer and employed, it is a wonder to me that this 'old relation.' has not given up the ghost ages ago, seeing that it was looked upon as a thing of the past even in the days of one William Shakspeare, who I take it was as well posted up about 'those troublesome servants' as was the most bustling house wife of bis day. I call him into Court therefore, and here is his evidence : — Orlando (to Adam)—Q good old man, how well in thee appears The constant service of the antique world When service sweat for duty, not for meed! Thou art not for the fashion of these times Where none will sweat but for promotion, And, having that, do choke their service up Even with the having.' So that you see the ' growing ambition and selfishness' of servants, not to mention their discreditable craving for ' as little work as they can get,' had made a fair start even in the golden days of good Queen Bess, and must have got to a terrible height by this time if they have gone on growing ever since. My neighbour, Major Martinet, who owns the next run, has a wife who has had a long experience in servants, and who often kindly favours me with, her views thereupon. The following is a brief summary of. a few of the narratives I have from time to time patiently listened to in her dismal drawing-room : — Domestic Difficulties. Oh, dear ! what a plague are these servants ! You'd never imagine, I'm sure, Through the whole of my life, Since I first was a wife, How much I have had to endure. I have never been mean about wages; I hare even sometimes allowed beer; Yet it's grievous indeed, I could never succeed In keeping a servant a year. The men are as bad as the females; They all seem above their condition; Cook, nursemaid, or 'general,' Women and men are all ; Alike in their selfish ambition. ? There was Martha, when first I was marrapi, I thought her the best of all girls; But her first Sunday out Caused a terrible rout, For the minx had her hair done in curls. The next was a useful old soul, Though she didn't like climbing the attics; But she soon went away, ' ; For one morning she lay ' \ In bed groaning o'er ' them rheumatic.' : Lavinia had seen better days, ' Yet I found her an excellent cook; But think of her coming One night and presuming ' 'To beg for the loan of a book. ' Jane had served in the best London families (So she said), but found out very soon wu3 ; For one night (I'm not joking) When my husband was smoking, She didn't know what a spittoon was. _ Mary Ann was a regular jewel, Every day some new virtue unfolded ; But she soon had to flit, ; For I cannot submit To a servant who answers when scolded, i Bosa nursed my poor Jim through his fever, Of her kindness I'll never stop talking ; ? But of course I dismissed her, ? For she spoke to her sister, * ? TVhen one day with the children out walking. Then came Alice, Anne, Betsy, and Bridget— In short I could reckon by dozeas ? The girls I have had . ; Who Ye half driven me mad. I By encouraging calls from their ' cousins. ' All I want is a smart, active servant, , ! Plainin dress, quick at work, and clear-hekded, Who won't gad about, ? .1 ? Who is never put out, [ ? , And without any wish to be wedded. ' \ But nowadays girls are so spoiled ; , They won't know their proper position As humble inferiors, But serve their superiors . ' ' To promote their own selfish ambition.- - ! ? .; As a student of ethnology I was much interested in the Register's recent account of a new method of swearing a » Heathen Ghinee' in the Adelaide Ponce; Courtf It seems that his highest conception 'of the virtue of an oath' lay in extinguishing a taper, and at the same time solemnly! de sinng to be blown out like that'candle if he spoken untruly. Observe, my Public, tie contrast between the Mongolian and the Australasian, and recognise the truth of! the ?old proverb that 'what killed the shoe maker cured the tailor.' The awful warning ,o a Chinaman becomes a subtle temptation » an aboriginal 1 suppose you could get a riackfellow to perjure himself till he was ivhite in the face if you only promised him 'a good blow out' afterwards. The Provincial Gas Company in its. recent Mrrespcidence with the Government evi lently shrinks from the* tender overtures of the Commissioner of Public Works, and ilmost frets itself into a gastric fever; over ids shortcomings. Whatever -the Commis sioner may hint as to the incompetency of the Company to1 supply all the Government Offices with gas, it is plain that the Company has retorts ad libitum at his service. After a rather unprofitable experience in the'; pro vinces it is not unnatural that the Company should lay its mains down in the city, no doubt hoping in the end to recoup itself by this ingenious coup de main* -. . ? ? ECHOES FBOM THE BUSH. By Geofiry CRABTHony. Every day the Overland Telejjraph sup plies new matter for amusement, to the disciple of Democritus, 'A South. Aus tralian,' I see, writes to' the Register to suggest tnat air. Toad snouia nave a warm welcome when he comes back, and that the day should 'wind up with, a, grand banquet;' so that 'we should then have something to remind us of what; pluck and perseverance can do,' It is to the glory of the British race that they have never shrunk from displaying their 'pluck and perse verance' at.a banquet.' Even, as the poet has it— J ' E'en amid the noisy glee Of a revelling company, Bated servant, greeted guest, Health exchanged, and sparkling jest, Flow of wine, and flight of oork, ? Stroke of knife, and thrust of fork.' Even amid these, the indomitable Briton sits calm and resolute as Nelson ai Aboukir, heedless even of the dead ' marines' that gather thickly round him. Still I am at a loss to know what we 'shall have to remind us' of our pluck and perseverance after the banquet is all over. Surely our anonymous enthusiast would not eat himself into a chronic state of indigestion for a memento. If every one who assists in the winding-up is to have ' something to remind him of it afterwards,' it will be surely necessary for the waiters to look pretty sharp after the spoons. Apropos of the same subject, I observe that Messrs. Faulding & Co. nave presented he Government with some 2-lb. rockets to be let off from the top of the Victoria Tower upon the reconnecting of the cable. But who shall say what race of men may be inhabiting this sublunary sphere when thoBe promised rockets shall at length burst in all their long-pent-up glory through the deep serenity of our South Australian sky? I rather recommend Messrs. Fauldiag & Co, bo let them off at once, thereby following the £ood example of their Geofiry, who has ilready discharged two of his most brilliant squibs in honour of the achievements of his triumphant Todd. I deeply sympathize with those good ladies of Adelaide who experience such diffi culty in getting, and so much more in keeping, good servants ; and my compassion ior them waa naturally heightened when I read that melancholy letter from England, published in last Tuesday's Register, caution ing us that it is no use looking to the mother- country to help us out of the iomestic difficulty. It is lamentable to note the degeneracy of the rising generation as de*; picted in the following extract :— 