DIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. LENTEN SERVICES. The preachers at the Lenten Services during the past week have been—in the Cathedral, the Rev. J. P. O'Sullivan, and in St. Francis', the Rev. D. Lordan. We are glad to announce that before the termination of the Lenten season, a mission for men exclusively will be given in St. Francis' Church. The practice pursued by some of the missionaries in Ireland, notably the Redemptionists, of devoting special services to fathers and mothers, young men and young women, has been productive of excellent results, and if followed here will assuredly be attended with much benefit to families and individuals. FATHER o'MALLET, S.J., ON DRUNKENNESS. On Sunday evening last the Rev. J. O'Malley, S.J., preached a powerful and impressive sermon in the Cathedral on the vice of drunkenness. The eloquent preacher depicted in vivid language the lamentable effects produced by drunkenness on the physical and moral character of him who succumbs to the -vice, and the misery which he is unhappily powerful to bring upon other persons. He reminded his auditors that St. Paul, although he addressed a wine-drinking and comparatively temperate people, impressed upon them the truth that " no drunkard shall possess the kingdom of God." The preacher remarking upon the numerous sudden deaths resulting from drunkenness, called attention to the commonness of deaths by the railway train and drowning in the Yarra, traceable to intoxication. THE EMERALD HILL ORPHANAGE. On Sunday last, at 11 o'clock Mass, the Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., preached in St. Francis' Church in aid of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, Emerald Hil), under the care of the Sisters of Mercy. Father Kelly made a powerful appeal on behalf of the orphans, and the collection realised nearly £60. EPI8COPA& VISITATIONS. His Lordship the Bishop on Tuesday, 27thult., left Beech worth forYackandandab, where he was to administer the Sacrament of Confirmation. He was to visit the church of Wodonga on Wednesday^ last, and on Thursday ' evening and Friday morning wis to be at Rutherglen: He was to hold a visitation at Chiltern last evening and this morning, and it was expected that he would dedicate the new church at Chiltern on Sunday, 3rd March, Myrtleford will be visited on Tuesday, 5th March, and Morse's Creek on Wednesday, the 6th March. DEPARTURE OF NUNS FOB NEW ZEALAND. The five sisters of the Order of Our Lady of the Miqpion, who arrived from London in the ship Star of Peaae a few dayB since left Melbourne on Monday for New Zealand, by the steamship Albion. The names in religion of the nuns are Marie St Jude, Marie du Saint Esprit, Marie de l'Eucharistie, Marie de Bon Posteur, and Marie de l'Annonciation. The sisters will be located at Christchurch, where they wiil be engaged in charitable and religious works. The Rev. Fathers McGuinness and McCaughey, who came out in the ship with the nuns, proceeded on Monday to Wellington in the Albion. The whole party came to Australia in charge of the Rev. Father Le Forestier, who leaves for Sydney' soon. The Sisters of the Mission have come out from the parent society in Europe. ST. JOHN'S, NUNAWADING. The new chapel, dedicated to St. John, which has just been completed at Air Hill, Nunawading, will be opened on Sunday, the 10th March. The Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., will preach on the occasion. The building, which is 38 x 16ft., will be a great boon to the district, and will serve both for a chapel and a schoolroom. Up to the present time the Catholics of this neighbourhood seldom had an opportunity of hearing Mass, or worshipping God as their hearts would desire, owing to the great distance of a Catholic place of worship, nor conld they •'obtain, no matter how anxiously they desired it, a Catholic education for their children—the schools in the neighbourhood being hitherto exclusively Protestant ones. The present building has been got up by local subscription, under the auspices of the Rev. Fathers Dalton, S.J., and Kranewitter, S.J.; and indeed the indefatigable exertions of those rev. gentlemen in watch-, ing over and advancing the interests of this little building never can be forgotten by their Catholic flock in Nunawading. The local committee of management consists of Mr. John McGlone (chairman), and Messrs. John Quintan, John Brenock, James Barry, Wm. Grace, and James Malloy, all of whom have shown a commendable zeal in co-operation with their Catholic neighbours to have so desirable a building erected. Their Protestant friends have also generously assisted with their donations. Great praise is due to Mr. John Danehy, the builder, for the creditable and painstaking manner in which he has done his work. The school will be opened in the building immediately by a very competent teacher, Miss Brenock. THE GEBLONG ORPHANAGES. A charity sermon in behalf of the Catholic Orphanages was preached at St, Mary's Church on Sunday last, by the Rev. J. F. Corbett, of St. Kilda, who delivered a very eloquent address, taking for his text the words " Suffer little children to come unto Me, for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." In the course of his remarks, Father Corbett made a powerful and impressive appeal on behalf of the two orphanages, which at present support 180 children. The attendance in the church was very numerous. ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, BEECHWORTH. The ceremony of the dedication of this church was performed on Saturday, the 24th ult., by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne, assisted by Fathers Tierney and Moran. On Sunday morning, the 25th ult., the church was crowded, and the congregation included members of other denominations. Mass was celebrated by Father Tierney, an efficient choir, under the direction of Herr Schluter, rendering the musical service. After Mass the Bishop addressed the congregation, and his Lordship is thus reported by the Ooens and Murray Advertiser:— He said that on the previous day he had fulfilled the pleasing duty of dedicating the completed portion of the church to the worship of Almighty God, under the patronage of St. Joseph. Their presence there was significant, inasmuch as it was an avowal of God's right'to worship, a right to which men in all ages arid of all nations had testified. In all times altars had. been raised for the purpose of offering to God acceptable sacrifice. The bishop alluded to the sacrifice of Abel, with which God was well pleased, and to Abraham's willingness to offer up his only son at God's command. This last, he said was a type of the one great sacrifice which Christ offered up on Calvary, and which his priests still offer up from Sunday to Sunday in the Holy Eucharist. God would also have men give of their best to do Him honour. He directed Moses to prepare a tabernacle, of which He himself gave the divine design. He inspired workmen with the requisite knowledge to make a building perfect in material, and; exquisitely beautiful in design. It was by thus giving our most /precious things that we could properly show homage to God, and have our offerings accepted by Him. The Bishop then administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to nearly 200 children, and subsequently addressed them in suitable language. The collections of the day amounted to £200. Vespers and Benediction were given in the evening, his Lordship.presiding. CHURCH OF ST. AUGUSTINE, MARYBOROUGH. The new Catholic Church of St. Augustine, Maryborough, was on Sunday, the 18th ult., solemnly opened by the RiJ* Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne.^ we take the following particulars of the ceremony from the Maryborough Adver. titer :— There was a very large number of permm present, including many belonging to Prow tant denominations. The corner stone dl the new church was laid and blessed on Sat day, September 19, 1869. It occupies an elevated position on the Roman Catholic reserve, near the intersection of Russell and Bonrke streets. The building is both ant. stantial and handsome. The superstructure is in the style of modern Gothic. The w&Ui; are built of square bluestone rubble, and are neatly pointed. There are two entrances to the mam building, one in front and one at the side. At the north-east corner there i» a square bell tower, 32 feet high, composed of squared large rubble, surmounted by» fine octagonal spire in bluestone ashlar, 37 feet high from spring to cap. The roof Is of slate, and more than ordinary provision an. pears to have been made for ventilation! Internally the dimensions are—length of nave 58 feet 6 inches, with a breadth of 24 feet. The height from floor to roof is 18 feet and the walls, which are pierced on each side with five windows of cathedral glass, as well as with three at each end—front and back—have been very neatly plastered, and have a chaste appearance. A gallery 12 feet 6 inches in depth extends across the end of the ediSce. At the south end is the chance] of the dimensions of 14 feet by 12 feet C inches, and the adjoining sacristy of 10 feet 0 inches by 10 feet, both proportionate in height. The roof of the nave is composed of Oregon timber, and is divided into six bays, by segmental ribs, springing from stone corbels. The roof of the chancel consists of clear pine, divided into four ribs, with moulded ribs and panelling. All the wood work throughout has been stained, and varnished with a light tint. The building will accommodate about 450 persons comfortably. The outlay on the building amouuts to £2150. The prescribed forms were observed in the consecration of the church. On Sunday morning it was filled to overflowing. Mass was celebrated at the hour of 9 o'clock, and at 11 o'clock a Missa cantata was chanted by Dean Moore (celebrant of St. Patrick's, Ballarat), assisted by Father Moore. The choir—six in number—comprised a portion of that of St. Patrick's, Ballarat. The Rev. Father T. A. Moore, of Heathcote, delivered a sermon appropriate to the occasion. He selected for his discourse the 12th chapter of Deuteronomy, verses 5 and 6\. After the sermon £57 was collected. The Bishop then administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to twenty-four boys and twenty-nine girls. He then addressed the children on the importance of co-operation with the graces they had received, and of showing by their lives they possessed the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. He conjured them to avoid places dangerous to their faith and morals, and specially charged their parents to watch over their offspring. WOOD'S POINT.—A correspondent writes: —" The Rev. Fathers Barrett and McNamara, on Friday, arrived at Wood's Point, whence Rev. Mr. McNamara proceeded to Jericho. Father Barrett preached at both Masses on Sunday, and again at evening devotions. He spoke in the strongest condemnation of the parents of some children who are attending Protestant schools. His Lordship the Bishop's Pastoral wasread at both Masses, as well as the Lenten regulations. Father Barrett remains here through the week, and will give Mass at haif-past eight o'clock each day, to which he invited the people to come and make Paschal Communion. 