THE PRINCE AND THE PRAYIER. X:'B? TIHE ?UTTHOIR OF ENOLIBHI HIAnTO AND 'NOLISU HANDB, &C.; Ai_? L??E was trembling in the balance--the life of a man in his early prime; an idolized · husband, a tender father, a kind and sym ..p.athizing friend, the heir of an empire on :'which the sun never sete. A.. 'widowed Queen, with well-nigh break uingheart, sat listening to her son's laboured :'breathing in the fight between life and ::death. A young, lovely, and beloved Prin .cess, a.d a brave, tender sister, watched by t fheir'.rinoely husband and. brother with the ceaseless tension and anguish of alarm, yet ?U';omforted by the sympathy and aid of nffoc *" 9ionate brothers, who refused to give up Ssope; and supported by their own faith in the power of an unseen, yet Almighty -Friend. Beyond the sacred precinots of that sick room and the circle most immediately con neotedwith the sufferer, a nation waited in breathlee ieuspense for every word of the physicians' bulletins, as they passed along qthe telegraphic wires-alternately lighting up glimmering hopes in the hearts of mil lions,' or casting over them the gloom of . despondency and dread. :"No news during the Crimean war, or Indian mutiny, were ever scanned with any t thing like the painful anxiety" w with which ,tidings from that one sick room--of that s::.ingle sufferer, lying at the gate of death were read and passed on to outer circles of multitudes hungering and thirsting for one .word:of hope. The pulses of all England beat together as in a mighty heart. ..... Nor was the terrible suspense endured by •this nation alone. The loyalty of Scotland 'and the chivalry of Ireland blended in the • same stream of pleading for that precious life; and America remembered her relation ship, and lovingly poured forth her sym 'paathy and prayer. Far away, the electric 'telegraph bore tidings of the Prince's danger " to'the-shores of India, and the fire-worship /per arose and called upon his god. And nearer:home, in the 'Hebrews' sacred land, a.s in: their synagogues in England, at the bidding of the telegram of a patriarchal ;chief, broke forth the deep melody of Israel's -voioes; pleading with Jehovah to spare the C Christian Prince. ?. But the fight for life raged pitilessly, ,and •h;signd was given that even a truce was to "be granted in this war. ; ':By· the night of Saturday, the 9th of •Deoember, hope failed-all hope save in Gtd:: Then there came an intense yearning for tin expression of the national feeling in ·piiblio worship, to be pleaded at the same momeit in all the churches; so that when, •on that sorrowful Sunday, the electric wires fleshed forth to every church throughout the lad :the call to prayer, as beacon fires once called- to arms,' the command was thrice .welcome, bringing, as it did, the assurance -that'our Prince still lived-and that there -wae? yet time for more prayer on his behalf, 'to'the Prince of Life. The prayer was one to pervade every •sonl with. a fresh glow of love and trust the utterance of a warm Christian heart, pleading as with earnest lips beside every worshipper'; t and the 'eager listeners felt as they' followed each' petition, read in tones trembling with emotion, as if it bore with iit a pledge of an 'answer of peace. Thousands and hundreds of thousands must stiiely have seen by the eye of faith the bow of promise spanning the darkstorm-cloud that was threatening to break over England, Atilling 'her troubled forebodings with the words,' "go thy,way, thy son liveth l " The heart that of all others was the most deeply'wiung' 'vith the agony of suspense andidrhad,'was :the first to respond to the ea llo.for prayer. Early on that Sunday meniifig the Princess of Wales wrote the following note to the Rev. W.Lake" Onslow, reotdr of. Sandringham: 'My 'hiiihtband being, thank God, somewhat better, I. am coming to' church. I must leave I tear before the servicr is.concludedithat I may watch beside his bedside.s: Can you not say a few words in prayer in the early part of the servieo that I may join with you in prayer for my -husband before I return to him P Words thatnidovd every heart in England, and with all the more of reverence because thaityoung wife in the depth of her tender woe8 had dropped all allusion to the rank of the oyal sufferer as heir to the British em pire, and only thought and wrote of him who lay' in dan'ger 'of death before her as "my ]husband."' Thea': it'h ot f 'the, royal watchers and of those( admitted to their friendship, as .well as of 'the nation at large, was yot again to be putupon its trial. Would it hold out? Or t iitibifi e besiid of the Almighty One, in Eng 1 land as in Nazareth,' "He could there do no mighty work;" "and He marvelled becanse df their'iiiibelief ?" Thefaiont encouragement afforded by the tidings of Snnday.morning "seemed to make the despairing !words of the public and private' bulletins and letters, during the three following days, the harder to bear. The flickering flame of hope that had arisen died':owrd, and left our hearts in darkness. ., On !Monday, it became known that three timeis diiring the later hours of that Sunday of'prayer, the royal family had been all sum moned 'rbund the bed, where their loved one lay, 'to see him die. But in earthly ex 'tremitj-' s: The.Lord to his delireranco flew, ..-When snak in mortal pangs he lay; 'Pale'death his anoicnt Conqueror know, ''"nd trembled, and ungsreped his prey. Still- it ieemed 'scarcely passible' that the "'great prostration," constantly telegraphed, couild be construed into anything lees mourn ful-than that-notwithstanding their con slinixnte skill 'and devoted care-the phy Bioiane foresaw that the oud was rapidly approaching. It was felt by many to he but a question of hours. "During four nights the ringers were on duty at St. Paul's, ready to toll the great hell that would announce to the city of London that 'tho hope and ex pectancy of this fair nation had become as tijo clod of the valley.' "'. Never did the tide of national anxiety and grief run so high. All thoughts and feelings were gathered, like an unseen presence, around the royal family, who wore watching with yearning eyes each hard-drawn breath. "It wao, in fact, that very common and beautiful, though painful sight --an English home, in which a sick man is walking through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, with kind hands to minister to him, kind voices to soothe him, and loving hearts breaking at the prospect of his loss." t Engagements for pleasure in every rank, and even attention to all hut necessary buse ness, were by general consent relinquished. The nonconformists postponed their conven tion, the woricing men their meetings. An address was in process of almost universal eignature amongst the republicans of Lon don expressive of their deep and respectful sympathy with the Queen and the Princess of Wales, and concluding, with a generous inconsistency worthy of the noluloet thing on earth-the heart of an Englishman--that " whilst they still retained their preference for a republican form of government, they warmly wished and prayed that His Boyul Highness the Prince of Wales might long live to fulfil his high destinies." : The strange coincidence of dates, and eimilarity of symptoms in the Prince of Wales's illness,' with those of the fever which bore away the loved life of his father, the Prince Consort, had so impressed all minds with a sense of some mysterious con nection between the two, that men unused to give the rein to imagination, yielded to an almost superstitious dread that the mourn ful parallel would be completed. Thus, the etrain of anxiety deepened and concentrated around one fatal day, the tenth anniversary of the Prince Consort's death. But, amidst the general gloom, there were hearts that refused to despair. A. little child in a royal palace§ was pleading for his father's life. "I thought of' God," he said, "all through my prayer and now the telegrams will be better."H Whilset one, whose personal friendship added fervour to devoted loyalty, wrote when all was darkest, " as long as he lives, I will not despair. The Lord Jesus is ever the same as when Martha said to Him, 'even now, whatsoever thou wilt ask of God, God will give it thee;" and ceaselessly to-day have I been saying those words to Him Worlds on worlds are hanging on His haed, Life and doath are waiting His command. So, in spite of all outward evidence to the contrary, I feel a confident hope that 'this sickness is not unto death, but for the glory of God, that the Son of God may be glorified thereby ;' for when believing prayer is made in the name of Jesue, it is as good as granted.n It was not until the afternoon of the 13th of December that the thought was given that a watch-night of prayer should be kept on the eve of the dreaded day-to be fol lowed by continuous prayer from day-dawn to sunset; and this proposal was made known as widely as the short time would permit. It was entreated that all who believed in the power of Almighty God yet to raise up our Prince from that which seemed about to become his death-bed, would plead that the very day which had darkened the life of our beloved Queen, and had deprived the nation of one of its choicest blessings, should be the day for "the Lord and Giver of Life," in His tender mercy to the widowed mother, our gracious Queen, and to the devoted wife, our Princess of Wales, to the royali family, and the loving nation-to "make. His mighty power to be known," by renew ing the precious lifo of the Prince of \Veleeo.I The dreaded day lost half.its terrors after that night of watching and prayer. The promise, " said I not nato thee, that if thou wouldest believe thou shouldest see the glory of God," came like a voice from heaven with the soft dawn of the morning; for, by the kind providence of our God, the cold and snow of the past wintry days wos then exchanged for the mildness of the early spring. It was "heaven-soot weather for our eufforing Prince," were tie words that came naturally to many lips. Yet the post brought letters bearing heavy tidings: " He is worse; he is sinking." But, during the pressing anxiety and often-repeated alarms of the three days suc ceeding the Sunday of prayer, the plea--" if these prayers of millions in all parts of the world are not to receive an evident answer, 'what wilt Thou do unto Thy great name' "' -lhed been ventured upon in reverence and in faith ; and in tihe strength of this plea a pastor in tihe West of Englaend sent mes sengers throughout his scattered parish with tihe following invitation to Ihis flock :? "Uave faith in God." " Whatsoevor things yo askl is prayer, heliering, yo shell reroive." " And the prayer of faith shahll soa the sick, and lhb Lard shall raise him up." A short soreino for specoil prayer for His Royal Higthnes the Priho of Wales will ho ield in Sheriff Hlale' Church at four o'clock this afternoon, Deosmbhr 1iith. All wois cra Ices nibly sticnd ore requested to coms. As the earnest worshippers who thank fully responded to this appeal woere on their way to the church, a telegram arrived with the messagoe- the Prince has slept a little, and is passing tie morning tranquilly." The joy- giving tidings were read before the service, and immediately afterwards a hymn was sung which seemed as if it had been written for the day And lihes he yet by power divine P And has he still his course to run P Again brought beck in its decline, The shadow of his porting sun P The prayer ended, the preacher drew still further encouragement from the promise in John xiv, 13th verse: "Whatsoever ye shall ask in My name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son;" and with one more fervent prayer the ser vice was concluded. During the afternoon, heavy rain-clouds had been gathering; but now the setting sun had broken through them, and was shedding a flood of amber light over the fields and woods. As group after group of the congregation passed through the church yard, they could scarcely refrain from con gratulating each other, so deep was the im pression amongst them that prayer had already prevailed. Lord what a change within us one short hour, Spent in Thy presence, will arail to male; Whet haeny hurdens from our bosoms talas; What parched ground refresh, as with a shower. We kneel, how weak l we rise, how full of power I We kneel, and all around us seems to lour; We rise, and all the distant and the near Stand forth in sunny outline, brees and clear. Doubtless the praying hearts of Eagland had rallied all their strength to take the kingdom of heaven by force t on behalf of their Prince, in this day of his extremity and God inclined His ear, and stretched out His hand to save. Throughout that evening and on each of the remaining days of that never-to-bc forgotten week, the news from Sandriegham told of steadily increasing improvement in our Prince's state. Each succeeding tele gram as it was posted up in the streets was seen with shouts of gladness by crowds of poor and ragged London boys; whilst strong men, unused to tears, read the good news with glistening eyes, and short deep thanksgivings were often heard as they turned away to continue their daily work with lightened hearts. And was the earthly life of our beloved Prince all that we sought for? Did there not rise above every petition for the pro longing of his days a yet more fervent cry to the Father in heaven to give to the Prince, living or dying, a revelation of the love of Him, whom to know is life eternal? A dying Saniour seen by faith ; A sense of pardoning loes; A hope that triumphs over death. Were not these pleaded for on his behalf, asn a man pleads for his lifo ? Nor, amidst our praises and thanksgiving, is the call for prayer less urgent now. Prayer, that the lifo so marvelloisly given back, in answer to intercessions perhaps unparalleled in number and earnestness, may be in a most especial manner dedicated to the service and glory of the King of kings, so that in the day-it may not be far distant-when the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord and of His Christ, and He shall reign on the earth, crowned with many crowns, we may see with joyful hearts, the Prince so loved, and wept and prayed for, having over come through the grace of Jesus Ohrist, sitting down with Him on His throne, and wearing a crown of glory that fadeth not away. Yes, life eternal, with all its countless bles sings, was the only limit to all that we asked for our Prince. .And the promise of that life is given to everyone who truly seeks it; to be secured to him at his first trusting look to Jesus. t "Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world." The sins of every one of us are in that mighty contract; for " the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquity of us all." Is there one who dares not believe his interest in that great transaction ? One who despairs for himself, as a lost soul? " Take courage! lost means loced. We never speak of losing what we do not value. Do not hesitate to accept the inference-if you are lost you are dearly loved still."§ An in finite ransom was paid for an infiuito prize -thy one lost soul ! The Son of Man is come from heaven to earth, from glory to shame, from lifo to death, from the worship of the universe to be despised and rejected of men, for thy lost loved soul. Tho joy of all is plunged in grief, the light of all is wosieg, The bread of lifo needs nourishing, the strength of all suesiining ; The fount at whirh all heasen is flled, the foust of lifs is thireting What heart such wonders can behold, and not be nigh to bursting P 0 faithful Suviour, wondorful Thy grocious con doaconeion, The dopths otf Thy most tender love ercol all compre honsionn SpotloRs art Thou, no sin in Thoo, that now Thou thee shouldet lasseujih, I am the ouuso--0 Jesus, II-of this Thy bitter noguilh.. He comes not chisy with His Fother's love to thee from a past eternity, and to give thsee right to claim Him os.thine,-" j.jl Father and yoor Father." He waits but for one word of thino to seal the rovenant between Himself and thee. Wilt thou not spoak the word He asek for? "o has waited for it at thy heart's door all thy lifetimo. It is trust in thsat covenant alone, bccauseo it is made by God Himself, " wviths whom is no variableness neither shadow of turisieg," which can moire a man truly ready to die or rightly ready to live. A soldier, mortally wounded in a recent battle, was carried to the rear; and lshortly after, all effort to save him having failed, he was left for dead. But the army surgeon was suddenly re-called to his aide by the .word " hero." ' Did you want me?" he asked, listening eagerly by the dying lips. "No!" re ;plied "th soldior, with a lost effort, ''I hoard my name road oat in the roll-call of heaven, and I was answering to it;" and even as he spoke the words, his spirit passed away. Nor is it only the brave heart of a soldier that can thus moot the last enemy with saur cheerful courage. A fair girl, in thle bloom of her youth and in tihe home of hier hIappihsso-thso darlinsg ot her parents, her brothers, and hier sisters-was about to he taken from them. On the last morning of her life, she loolted like a young queen on hier coronation *day, crowned with her own golden hair, and radiant with dignified hlappiness. To a friend whio entered her room else said, "I am eo glad yos have come early, for, before the sun sets, I shall see the King in his beauty." Throughout the day, we watched her lingering on tise sunny margin of the river. We had dreaded its cold waters for her; but when her feet reached the brink, those waters had parted and rolled away. "There is no river," she said, "there are no floods here." The tender and beloved mother, who within one short year followed her elsild into tile presence of their Saviour, repeated to her the Psalmist's words of comfort: "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for Thou art with me." " He is with me," she replied, exultingly; "but there are no shadows here, dearest mother; it is all sun shsine." And the same implicit trust in the same Saviour which made the strong man and the gentle girl alike ready to die and fearless in the hour of death, filled the heart of an aged saint with gladness when he recognized that it was the will of his God that hie should return again to earth from the very gates of heaven, towards whiels hie had been rap turously gazing. "It will be delighstful," he said, " to serve my Master and Saviour for a little longer on eartlh, and to make my beloved ones Isoppy again." Yes l doubtless lifo given hack is indeed a blessing to one who Irnows the Father's love, the Saviour's grace, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost. A life, by that Holy Spirit dwelling withsin us, made one with tise life of Ohrist ; and thus a life full of power and persuasiveness to win others to Him. A lifo full of energy, nobleness, and soef saorifce, in following in the blessed steps of His most holy life; and lull of sweetness in setting at His feet and hearing His words. A life of perpetual purity, by the perpetual exchange of osir sens for His Iholiness, our weakness for His streongth, our turmoil for His calm, our cares for His peace, our sor rows for His joy. Lst us rest satisfied with no lower condi tion of life than this-a ripening into nsn br lken " fellowship with the Father, and with His Son, Jesus Ohrist;" aud then to pass ?throughs the doorway of death into the life immortal, in His presence, whore there is futlness of joy, anti where "there are pleasures for evermore." Surely this day of our thanulsgiving for the wonderful answer to our prayers is the oppor "tunity for every believing heart to plead with tle Father of spirits for a great out pouring of His own Spirit upon the souls of men. Now, whilst millions of hearts are soft with sympathies, of sorrow and of joy, so that not alone to British subjects, far and near, whio have felt in rare fulloess tise moot genorous and disintorested of all e~aotions a true and devoted loyslty-foreshadowing to mansltind tice loving fealties and rolation ships of the great human family, under a coming thseocracy; hut that, also, wherever our Prince has been cared for and prayed for throughout the world, the blessing may be freely granted. We boliece the time draws near, when the ancient people of the Lord--the royal nation so bountiful to us, in this day of our troubles, of their sympathy and prayer will say, to their long- unclaimed Messiah, "our God, we know Thee;" and the gene rous Parsee shall look beyond the sun and stars, to see the brightness of the Father's glory in the face of Jesus Ohrist. For when he comes to reign, " the knowledge of tise Lord shsall cover the earth, as the waters cover time seas." ..ThoaTimee., IDoom?bor 14th. t The Arohbishop of Caeterbury's Form of Prayor. :0' Ao?ilnhty God nod MIerciful Fathor, to whom alono bolong the issues of lifo and death; look down from hoaven, we humbly -heseeoh- Thee, with the eyos of moroy upon Albert Edward, Prineo of Wales, now lying upon the bed of siokness. Thou Father of meorios and God of all comfort, our only.help in time of hood, we fly unto Thee for ofceour in behalf of Thy sereant. Graont O Lord, that oll the olns of his life past may he dono away, and his soul washed in the precious.blood of Christ, that it may he pore and without spot before Thee. If it shall be Thy pleteure, prolong, we bosceeti Thee, his days tiero r,lodarth, ahd grant that ho may lire to Thee, and he an instrument of Thy glory, and a blessing to our church and notion. Prepare him, O most loving Father, by Thy Holy Spirit for all that lioe before him in lifo or in death, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Almighty and Everlastiog God, who guideet the hearts of kingse, end who host blessed and sunotiied the bonds of-lone to knit together the members of all Christian families, look down, wo beseech thee, on Thy servnot Viotoria, our Queen, and IhoPrincoss of WValos in thioday of their great trouble, and on ill thoigqyal family. Comfort and sotpport them in their preornt trial, ande grant that their hearts may he-tdlye'd oelyenpo nThno, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. * Tho Timeo.of Dceomber 14th. \- The Echo, December 12th. - ~ The Gaulois stas:--" Hero we have the spet tolo of a real nation knoeting to the Almighty and praying that the days of their future sovereign may ho prolonged. Family meetings ore intorruptod, the home is darkened, lifeo tsin some degree suspended; Iess attention is gives to business, newspapers have dropped politics, and fore woek the Times has had but one or two leaders, and the subject of all was the same-the Prince of Wales. P For the lost two nights, despite the intense cold, crowds have gath ered at Marlborough House to obtain the latest as counts from Sandringham. The police wore obliged to arrange a qeroer, that all might in their tare be ablo to read the latest bulletins. In these crowds, ,omposod of persons of all ranbs, only expressions of sorrow and regard wore to he heard. It ssomed ns if it wert a part of England itself that was about to ho violently snatched away. This England which we wore told was ready to become a republic, which woo accused of despising its princes, and of having got rid df all its old-fashioned ideas of loyalty,- r0me and see it to-day, note its grief, and bh in trisctod." And La France says:-" Political life is suspended in England. One stlo anxiety absorbs all minds- the health of the Princt of Wales. An entire nation, which is still impressed with strong convic tions, turns to God and partakes of the grief which ofictn its sovereign, whoso son is perhaps aout to die. .What a spectacle and what a lesson! The Prince of Wales is dying, and yet upon the other sids of tho ohannolno ons laughs, no one insults the high-placed pvrsonagostruclk down by oicknoss. The Princess of "Valos quits the bedside of the dying man, not to soco nocoessnary repose, but to hasten to the church to pray and to listen to prayers-and no non laughs. The Queen oneels boside the probable danth-hed of her first-horn-and no one laughs. The cooncilt--o ssre. Gladstone, Bruos, Forster, the Lord President and Lord Ohancellor, all whom Eng land holds in highest esteem for talent, or positions, or' for ago, which is also a dignity-address them -elves to the Arshbishop of Cantorbury and call upcn him to prepare 'new forms of prayer to appeal ts the Almighty on behalf of his Royal Highness the Prince ni Vales.' And the people, instead of mock iog at this, rush to obtain copies of these prayers, andrepeot them in their places of worship. Luther ans, Calvinists, Methodists, Anglicans, Catholics, Jews, all implore the Deity to prolong the dpys of the future sovereign of Eogladd. This people has the courage, the .good sense, not to disown either its history, its past, its government, or its God, and yet it is a tree people among all--who will dispute that ' Such a spectaclo affects us greatly, and we lsoic osround us with bitterness. In vain, alas! do we look for ons of these powerful bonds of unoiol upon which wo might rely in a moment of trial, and which might unite a nation in a common sentiment. WVo have no greater faith in men than we have in God. Sr 0 0. o in our disasters and misfortunes could think of nothing but mutual recrimination, and blush to addross a prayer to Rod. Is that an adsontcst? We may ho ollowed to doubt it. Faith has never derogated from man's dlgnity,it has never rendered him less desirous of liberty. Who would dare to say that Esgland had abased itself because it partalces of the grief which afficts ths family that governs it, becauso it oopys its natural chiefs who dii-ct it to pray ao it would obey them if they called upon it to light, and to snocrilice itself for the presor nation of its old liberties P" The oldest son of thie Prince of Wales. " Lot us tales courage," said Luther to Ilelnoc thon, after a day of despondency, whoe their eneonies were strongest, and heaven's help seemed to ho mith drawn. But through a thin partition they had just hoard their children's voices rioilog up it trOstful prayer to Odd for ths victory of His truth and the trongtheoning of their fathers for the fight. "Lot us take courage--the giants are praying for usn " JoshuiL vii 0. t Mattbow xi 12. $ John iii 14--16. §Rov. James Vrughan'a aermon on'" Hna?wn 1ns? and Iound."-Oot. 20, 1871, 