WATER POLICE COURT. FRIDAY. BEFORE the Water Police Magistrate and Messrs. Charlton and Smart Seven drunkards were fined. Patrick M'Cabe, charged with threatening to take the life of John W. Smart, J.P., was bound over to keep the peace for twelve months, himself in £100 and two sureties in £50 each, in default, to go to gaol for six months. SUMMONS FAHEY-The summons sheet contained thirty cases, several of which were either withdrawn or postponed. Thomas Kellar, for allowing the contents of a water closet to seek from premises in Kent-street, was fined 40s. and 5s. costs of Court. A number of cab and omnibus drivers were fined 5s. and 5s, costs of Court, for various breaches of the by-laws. i LICENSING BUSINESS.- The license of the Half-way House, Randwick, was transferred from the executors of the late Mr. Dillon to Mary Dillon. Min nAV PnAVpn -A social meeting, In connection with the "InitcdMid day Prnj cr Meeting," was held on Friday, the 27th ultimo, at the Temperance nail, which was numerously attended After partaking of tea, a public meeting took place After singing and prayer, the chairman, Mr I) UHlpinc, stated the objects of the meeting, and made a few apposite remarks thereon The of allow ing report was then presented to the meeting, and read by the secretary (not report cyclonic) -1st resolution-" The adoption of the report by this meeting was moved by the Rev. W. Bradley, 01 W Waterloo Congregational Church, seconded by Mr S Glassop 2nd revolution, moved by Rev J Glassop. of Brisbane- street Baptist Church, seconded by Rev Daniel Allen, of Ca'tkrc High-street Baptist Church, That this meeting re- recognises the desirability of hcaUily sustaining the United Mid-day Prayer Meeting" in this city on the Monday in each week, at the hour of 7 to 2 o'clock, as a means for bringing together God's people of all denominations, and affording them the opportunity of uniting in earnest supplication at the Throne of Grace" 3rd resolution, moved by iUv J S Kirby, of Ocean street Congregational Church, seconded by Mr Druce, city miss onnry,-' That this meeting desires to record Its dev out the usefulness to God that He has enabled the United Mid day Trover Meeting to be continued for the past two years, week by week, prays that the divine blessing may largely attend- it, and that by the spent of believing prayer abundantly vouchsafed to his people, it may prove a humble instrument in the Lord. s bands of promoting a revival of His work in this city. and colony especially, to the spiritual prosperity of our several Churches, i ml to the conversion of souls to God " This resolution was supported by Mr How maker, city missionary, who gave some gratifying instances of his personal knowledge of the good which had resulted from the United Prayer Meetings" After a vote of thanks to the chairman for kindly presiding, the meeting was closed by singing the doxology. The secretary announced that in future the Mid-day Prayer Meeting would be held each Monday, in the reading-room of the Young Men's Christian Association, Temperance Hall, Pitt-street The following is the report -In presenting this report of the United Mid-day Prayer Meeting, in respect to which we are assembled here this evening, we deem it desirable, for the information of our friends, to refer, In the first instance, to the commencement of themdday prayer meetings in this city In the month of June, 1875, a public announcement was made of daily mid-day prayer meetings, to be held at the Temperance Hall, for one week at which clergymen of the several denomina- tions presided These meetings were numerously attended, and the spirit of prayer evidently prevailed They were continued through the second week, and being then about to be brought to a close, a great desire was manifested that an effort should be made to continue them At a special meeting called for the purpose it was resolved to hold the mid-day prayer meeting twice the week, viz on Monday and Thursday, from 1 to 2 o'clock It was intended to meet in the upper room of the Temperance Hall, but an obstacle arising to their being held there, they were for a short time carried on in the Starr- Bowkett Society's room, in Pitt street, and since that time have been regularly held in the room adjoining the Pitt Street Congregational Church on each Monday, which, although not the most suitable place for the purpose, was the only central one that could then be procured, and we have to acknowledge, with thanks, the use of the room kindly granted us by the Pitt street Congregational Sunday-school committee The object of the. midday prayer meeting is to afford an opportunity for all denominate one of the Church of Christ to unite in earnest prayer as fellow members of our one glorious Head our one common Master, the Lord Jesus Christ, that they may thus, without any sectarian bias, meet together around a Throne of Grace-may strive and plead with one heart and one mind, in the unity of the faith, and of Christian love and fellowship for a larger outpouring of the Holy Spirit that there may be an increase of true vital religion in the Church of Christ, greater love and brotherhood among its several mc n bears, a revival of God's work in this city and this land, the awakening and arousing those of our fellow create ree yet dead in trespasses and Mrs., and their conversion to God , also, for the Lord's blessing to attend the public ministry of His Word, and in all the efforts and agencies for the spread of His truth and the extention of His kingdom on earth I have no objects which surely must call forth the story rigs of all God's people, and induce them to meet and plead together in supplica- tion to the Most High, that He would abund intly v vouchsafe such blessings We desire to record our devout thankfulness to God for He has enabled us to continue these meetings for united prayer week by week for more than two years, past, the results of which who can possibly tell, and which the last great day only will reveal If all God's people would now seriously lay these things to heart, should we not have larger numbers making an effort to come and unite together in these special prayer meetings ' would they not find it a pleasure to make some little self denial of their time, and of mere provision for their bodily wants, and be enabled to give one half or quarter of an hour once in the week ! Would it be any detriment to their worldly bus rise to a match, if not able, a few moments to devote to God's service' Would it not rather tend to call down His blessing upon their daily labours ' Are we to give to God only that which costs us nothing? Should it be BEktd, Why love and duty player meetings t Is it not an unreasonable hour' To this it may be replied, If so, does it not help us to exercise that self-denial which God requires of his people, and does it not evidence to others around us, that we are willing to do so 1 Does not that hour of the day give it a greater speciality? And further, it is the only time at which a united prayer meeting can be held so as not to interfere with the ordinary meetings of the differ cut sections of the Churches, as also the house in which there is a cessation of business Then as to the necessity for such special prayer meetings Are our several Churches in such a state of spiritual health and growth as they should be Our week-night services attended by goodly numbers! Our several places of worship crowded by earnest worshippers on the Sabbath-day Dowe and the Church of Christ thoroughly earnest and active everywhere for the reclaiming the perishing, the conversion of the ungodly, the salvation of souls, and thus enlarging the borders of our Lord's kingdom on earth ' lb there no need for a higher Christian life, and a deeper tone of purity among Christ's people! Must it not be admitted that there is an apparent absence of such spiritual life and energy as ought to prevail ! Is there not therefore urgent need for strenuous and united effort on the part of believers, to rouse up from spiritual torpor, and gird on the whole armour of God ! How is such a result to be obtained but by supplication to that Almighty Being, who alone, by His Spirit, can work in us, that we may work for His glory! Is it not by union in prayer among Christ's Church that we may expect specially to receive HIS blessing and have an abundant outpouring of His sport I How are we better to have our souls quickened and stirred up than by uniting with one accord in importunate believing prayer and supplication to the God of all grace, who giveth liberally and upbraided not! Our God will have His people seek from, and entreat of Him earnestly, those hie sings which they need What does his own Word say tous' 'Ask what I shall give thee" (161 Kings, 3 e , 5 v ) " Thus saith the Lord, ' Ask me of things to come, and concerning the work of my hands command j once'" (Isaiah, 45 c 12 v ) " Then shall ye call upon mc, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and ye shall seek me and find me when we shall search for me with all your heart " " VI whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive " " If two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven " (Matthew, 18 c , 19 v ) " Before they call I will answer, and while they are speaking I will bear " vi of find that the early Christian Church " continued daily with one accord in the temple, and the result was " The Lord added to the Church daily such as should be saved " Again, when they were assembled praying " that signs and wonders might be done in tho name of thy holy child Jesus," it is said "When they had prayed the place was shaken where they were assembled together, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost " If such were the results then, may we not ask, "Is the Lord's area now shortened that He cannot save, or His ear heavy that He cannot hear 1" or, is it not rather that we are straitened in ourselves, and the Church is not fully alive to her duty in besieging a Throne of Grace Numerous instances are given in the Word of God of the power of prayer and to refer to our own times, what instances and was but a few years ago, in the United Kingdom and America, in the great religious awakening which then took place from united prayer, when thousands could meet together at the midday hour in the busiest cities in the world 1 Then in regard to answers to prayer should we not have a believing expectancy of the fulfilment of God's promise thereto ! Are we not very prone to overlook the fact that the Almighty is really granting the request of His people while they seem tobeuaawvrooflt, and do not acknowledge the blessings He is bestowing liberally upon us It is a significant fact that the midday prayer meetings were particularly called forth by the great and wide spread distress which existed in the year 1870 throughout this colony, occasioned by the disastrous floods which had so generally prevailed, causing great commercial embarrassment, with anxious forebodings as to the future, in the minds of the whole community. Has there not, in this respect alone, been a manifest answer to the supplication thee put up to the Most High! And has not He vouchsafed to this land a very signal and marked return of prosperity ! Are we not much like the Israelites of old I In their distress they cried onto the Lord, and He heard them , but when their requests had been granted, how soon did they forget His mercies and the wonders he had wrought for them, and rebelled against him ! Might it not equally be said so of an ! As in the day of adversity we are ready and earnest to call upon the Lord, is it not also our duty, and equally needful to do so, in the day of prosperity, when we are especially apt to forget God, and be unmindful of the mercies He IS granting us ! Is there not room to fear lest we thus provoke him to anger by our ingratitude and forgetfulness, and bring down deserved judgments upon UB In conclusion, we would beg of our Christian brethren and sisters to make an endeavour effectively to sustain and promote by their attendance at the United Pray cr Meeting on the Monday of each week, the efforts being made to advance the spiritual prosperity of our several Churches in this city, and join their supplications to Him (whose it is to work in us both to will and do J, that He would open the windows of heaven and pour down upon us such on Huuiiuxin i> ? » an air H. Vokins;«, as shall " him the wilder reFs into a fruitful land, and make it blossom as the rose," and experience the fulfilment of God's promise. " I will pour out my spirit upon you " by a great revival of His work in our midst May the hon d thus dispose the hearts of his people for his mercy Mkc -"1 Bay own glory. 