' GREAT BRITAIN. DR. MANNING ON CATHOLIC EDUCATION. ? ? ? On Sunday, September 15, Archbishop. ManniBgpreachedin St. Chad's Cathedral, Bir jjiingharn, in aid of the Catholic schools of the ?parish. The large building was crowded. j£e said the subject of education was one in tlie minds of all men at the present time. '_ ? . ? _n ? 1.1 ? *x ..1 j ? J-1_ _ J-_ -1.1. — -£*j/I ? rjjjj.jstisn euut-ui/iuu w cia viiai 10 uuu i;uiu ui iuu English people, vital to the prosperity of the faithful of the Catholic Church. The present fl-asa time when Catholics and Christians, what soever their belief, should give themselves with their whole heart and soul to stand firm and inflexible for the maintenance of Christian education. They were told in these days that the right to educate the people belonged to the civil power. He denied it. They were told that education should be separated from Teligion. He denied it. He hoped to make good these two denials. And yefc he should not treat the subject controversially, nor polemically, nmch less politically. He gliould treat it in the light of the Incarnation, in the light of the Holy Ghost, in the light of the Word of God. ' As many as receive Jesus Christ by Faith, to them He gives power to remain sons of God.' That was the foundation of Christian education ; nothing lower, nothing less. In treating the subject the speaker would make three inquiries : Hirst, what were the state and the dignity of Christian children ? Second, what were the rights of Christian children? Third, who were the guardians of Christian children? *The answer to the first was that the Christian child was the son of God. The child was not so by nature. He was born in wrath. But le might be changed into the likeness of our Divine Redeemer by the Holy Ghost. Second, the rights of the Christian child. He was an heir of God ; an heir of the king dom of God. The son of the rich man had a light to his father's inheritance, and the law of man jealously protects an infant in succes '[' sionto that right. Every baptised child had an inheritance far beyond those earthly ' things. The little child might not be treated j by human law as a chattel. It was not a ' thing to be disposed of by human law at the I ttUJ o£ the legislator. Every Christian child Lad the right to an explicit and com plete explanation of every Christian doctrine and dogma. And. the man that came be- I ftveen that child and the light of Christian ; truth, and who deprived him of doctrinal and \ dogmatic religio,n, was a robber ! The right of the Christian child included an explicit, full, and complete knowledge of his baptis [ mal creed not only in the letter but in the I suhstance and meaning of it, and his educa I tion was imposible unless it was founded on I this knowledge. Third, who were the guar- , 1 dians of fho Christian child ? He replied 1 that the fathers and mothers, by a double 1 right — by the right of nature and the right I of grace — were the guardians of the child, 1 aud no authority on earth, howsoever impe- . I rial in human strength, could come between I the parent and the child. But parents were I' not left unassisted in this. Instruction in I the faith, instruction in the law of God 1 aid the holy sacraments, were all a part 1 of Christian education. For these they 1 required the ministry of their pastors, and I to their pastors it was a duty as well as a I right to assist fathers and mothers in the I education of their children. The question I had been asked, 'Has not the civil author I ity in this world power to shape and form I the mind, arid to determine the faith and I moral character, the intellectual tendency, I and the will of the child?' He replied, I 'God forbid.' The word of God declared I that education was the shaping, moulding, I training, and forming of those who by regene i ration were made sops of God. Were this H charge and this commission given to any rulers i of this world? No. Even then pagan state, I which gave the parent an absolute despotic 9 jower over the child, did not attempt the ' 9 york of educating the 'offspring of its sub- , 9 jects. It had been reserved for a world H withered by revolutions to claim power over B flic soul of man and over the education of , Bv the people. The archbishop alluded to the ?*? Went congress of the International, a !| 'social society., which 'had devastated a M neighbouring capital.' One of the articles H o5 that society was that children did not be H long to their fathers and mothers — that they U belonged to the state ; that they were, in fact, §1 chattels of the state. His hearers, as Eng II Hsknien and Irishmen, had always pitied the Si fforlchouse boy. Might God have mercy m ip&n; the children of the commune ! The M revolution had already devastated some M countries, and it was filtering its venom a & other lands where as yet it had M jjet attained an ascendancy. It was gra h dually sapping and undermining the Christian m instincts of the people, and was seeking to If claim that the civil power might take .the M control of the education of children. He 1 'would make a frank admission. If a father H or mother neglected to educate their child, ffl and suffered it to become a thief or a prosti M 'ftp, then he admitted, yea affirmed, that the jjl j^il power had a right to interfere to pro H Jpt society, as it would against a pestilence. H »o also against an ignorant and immoral I filiation. Compulsory education, like a quarantine law, or like the law against dan gerous weapons being permitted to malicious persons, fulfilled the first law of society, ' self-preservation.' But outside of that the education of Christian children was commit ted by God to the authority of their fathprs and mothers, and to the supreme direction of his church. The right reverend preacher alluded to the National Education League as a body of upright and honourable men who, shocked by the sight of masses of chil dren growing up in ignorance, sought to pro vide a kind of education which would ofiend the religious opinions of nobody, and at the same time secure the instruction of the children. He regarded the attempt as im practicable, and the half-hour's .religious teaching before the school work and 'the half-hour after;, which it was proposed to give under such a systen, as utterly failing, in any sense to supply what was the great necessity. Dr. Manning also preached in the evening to a large congregation. 