(MOFG FROMFTTJE BY GEOFFRY CRABTHORN. Every day the Overland Telegraph supplies new matter for amusement to the disciple of Democritus. "A South Australian," I see, writes to the Register to suggest that Mr. Todd should have a warm welcome when he comes back,, and that the day should "wind up with a grand banquet;" so that "we should then have something to remind us of what pluck and perseverance can do." It is to the glory of the British race that they have never shrunk from displaying their "pluck and perseverance" at a banquet." Even, as the poet has it— " E'en amid the noisy glee Of a revelling company, Rated servant, greeted guest, ' Health exchanged, and sparkling jest, Flow of wine, and flight of cork, Stroke of knife, and thrust of fork,"— even amid these; the indomitable Briton sits calm and resolute as Nelson at AbouHr, heedless even- of the dead " marines" that gather thickly round him. Still I am at' a loss to know what we shall "have to remind us" of our pluck and perseverance after the banquet is all over. Surely our anonymous enthusiast would not eat himself into! a chronic state of indigestion for a memento. If every one who assists in the winding-up is to have something to remind him of : it afterwards, I fear it will be necessary for the waiters to look pretty sharp after the spoons. Apropos of the same subject, I observe that Messrs. Faulding & Co. have presented the Government with some 2-lb. rockets to be let off from the top of the Victoria Tower upon the reconnecting of the cable. But who shall say what race of men may be inhabiting this sublunary sphere when those promised rockets shall at length burst in tdl their long-pent-up glory through the deep serenity of our South Australian sky? I rather recommend Messrs. Faulding & Co. to let them off at once, thereby following the good example of their Geoffry, who has already discharged two of his most brilliant squibs in honour of the achievements of his triumphant Todd. I deeply sympathize with those good ladies of Adelaide who experience such difficulty in getting, and so much more in keeping, good servants; and my compassion for them was naturally heightened when I read that melancholy letter from England, published in last Tuesday's Register, cautioning us that it is no use looking to the mother-country to help us out of the domestic difficulty. It is lamentable to note the degeneracy of the rising generation as depicted in the following extract:— "Domestic servants in this country are fast changing, and the old relation between master and servant is -dying out. Of course there are many exceptions, but the rule is that of growing ambition and selfishness excluding all interests beyond their own. They are asking in large households the rate of colonial wages, for which they refuse to do more than their own especial work, and as little of that as they can get." This is a grievous prospect, truly, and I feel a pang of sorrow—in fact "drops of compassion tremble on my eyelids"—when I think of the bitter disappointment these warning words will bring to many a colonial matron who has long awaited the coming of that wished-for shipload of emigrant girls. At the same time I need scarcely remind you, my Public, that in my solitary bachelor's life in the Bush I am exempt from all such troubles. My man Simon and his wife have lived with me for more than twenty years, and although good Mrs. Scroggins is somewhat eccentric in her ways, and rules her master with an unyielding will, I am bound to say that hers is a truly affectionate and maternal government, and that she on her side can boast of a devoutly loyal subject. There is nothing she would not do for me —except let me have my own way when she thinks my inclinations detrimental to my welfare; and in my absence she watches over my interests with the sleepless activity of a tomcat on the tiles. She has no more conception of a joke than a dingo has of the differential calculus, or Mr. Carr of compound division. She reads the Echoes regularly with an unmoved countenance, but woe betide the kitchen critic who ventures to think them "not quite up to the mark this week." If she does not comb his head for him with a three-legged stool, he may thank his stars for getting let off so ^asily. For myself I cannot say that I have done anything very special to earn such faithful and zealous service, beyond a systematic recognition of the fact that servants are not pieces of clockwork warranted never to rundown or get out of order, but human beings with little weaknesses, tempers, capacities for ease and enjoyment, and special idiosyncrasies of their own, very much in fact like you and me, my Public, who happen to be masters and mistresses. Consequently when I hire new servants I don't make it essential to the bargain that they should leave their human nature behind them, but rather look upon it as part of my business to find out what it is like, and as far as I can to adapt myself to its peculiarities. Don't suppose, though, that I do this out of any sentimental regard for the old fangled rule about doing as I would be done by, for it is generally admitted that that rule was never intended to apply to the relations of master and servant. No! I do it simply because it pays. You only try it, my good Public, just by way of® a change, and see what a power of work you will get out of Betsy Jane in return ! But, to go back to the "growing ambition and selfishness" <Jf the modern household servant, and the "dying out of that old relation" between employer and employed—it is a wonder to me that this "old relation" has not given up the ghost ages ago, seeing that it was looked upon as a thing of the past even in the days of one William Shakspeare, who I take it was as well posted up about "those troublesome servants" as was the most bustling housewife of his day. I call him into Court therefore, and here is his evidence:— Orlando (to Adam,)—O good old man, how well in thee appears The constant service of the antique world When service sweat for duty, not for meed! Thou art not for the fashion of these times Where none will sweat but for promotion, And, having that, do choke their service up Even with the having." So that you see the "growing ambition and selfishness" of servants, not to mention their discreditable craving for "as little work as they can get," had made a fair start even in the golden days of good Queen Bess, and must Jbave got to a terrible height by this time if they have gone - on growing ever since. My neighbour, Major Martinet, who owns the next run, has a wife who has had a long experience in servants, and who often kindly favours me with her views thereupon. The following is a brief summary of a few of the narratives I have from time to time patiently listened to in her d' gTna -l drawing-room:— DOMESTIC DIFFICULTIES. Oh, dear! what a plague are these servants! you'd never imagine, I'm sure, Through the whole of my life, Since I first was a wife, How much I have had to endure. I havtf never been mean about wages; I have >even sometimes allowed beer; Yet S&* s grievous indeed, I coulii never succeed ' In keeping a servant a year. The men are as bad as the females; They all-seem-above their condition; Cook, nursemaid, or "general," Women and men are all Alike in their selfish ambition. There was Martha, when first I was married, I thought her the best ef all girls; But her first Sunday out Caused a terrible rout, For the minx had her hair done in curls. The next was a useful old soul, Though she didn't like climbing the attics; But she soon went away, For one morning she lay In bed groaningo'er " them rheumatics." Lavinia had seen better days, And I found her an excellent cook; But think of her coming One night and-presuming To beg for the loan .of a book. Jane had served in the best London families, (So she said), but found out very soon was ;, For one night (I'm sot joking) Whenmy huBband was smoking, She didn't know what a spittoon was.. Mary Ann was a' regular jewel, Every day some new-virtue unfolded; But she soon had to flit,. For I cannot submit To a servant who answers when scolded. Rosa nursed my poor Jim through his fever, Of her kindness he'll never stop talking; But of course I dismissed her, For she spoke to her sister When one day with the children out walking. Then came Alice, Anne, Betsy, and Bridget— In short I could reckon by dozens The girls I have had Who've half driven me mad By encouraging calls from their " cousins." All I want is a smart, active servant, Plain in dress, quick at work, and clear-headed, Who won't gad about, . Who is never put out, And without any wish to be wedded. But nowadays girls are so spoiled They won't know their proper position As humble inferiors, But serve their superiors To promote their own selfish ambition. As a student of ethnology I was much interested in the Register's recent account of a new method of swearing a " Heathen Chinee" in the Adelaide Police Court. It seems that his highest conception of "the virtue of an oath" lay in extinguishing a taper, and at the same time solemnly desiring to be blown out like that candle if he spoke untruly. Observe, my Public, the contrast between the Mongolian and the Australasian, and recognise the truth of the old proverb that "what killed the shoemaker cured the tailor." The awful warning to a Chinaman becomes a subtle temptation to an aboriginal. 1 suppose you could get a blackfellow to,perjure himself till he was white in the face if you only promised him "a good blow out"*afterwards. The Provincial Gas Company in its recent correspondence with the Government evidently shrinks from the tender overtures of the Commissioner of Public Works, and almost frets itself into a gastric fever over his shortcomings. Whatever the Commissioner may hint as to the incompetency of the Company to supply all the Government Offices with gas, it is plain that the Company has retorts ad Vbitum at his service. After a rather unprofitable experience in the provinces it is not unnatural that the Company should lay its mains down in the city, no doubt hoping in the end to recoup itself by this ingenious coup de main. 