DIVINE CARE AND KEEPING. My Dear Young Friends — I am very anxious to be instru mental, in the hands of God, of leading you to see the great need of divine protection, day by day and moment by moment. Whether you feel it or not, I do assure you we are never safe, any more than really happy, only as watched over, and pre served, and blessed of God. There is scarcely a day passes without our attention being called to some case, far or near, in which this great need of God's providential care and keeping is proved. Apart from the very many diseases and sicknesses which especially of late have prevailed, there have been numerous disasters and calamities of a most painful and destructive description. Nor are they less real because far away ; nor ought we to be regardless of them because such is the case. A very painful famine has prevailed for a long time in Persia, by which the people have been reduced to the most distressing want and privation, resorting, in consequence, to means for maintaining life that are dreadful to think of— mothers eating their own children, and such like. Can anything be more agonising to think of? If you, my dear young friends, had witnessed the dreadful effects of famine as I did, in the years '46 and '47 in Ireland, you would be the better able to judge of the awful state oi mmgs resulting inereirom. v_m, tiiab v*uu may, m gret mercy, continue to preserve our own dear England from such hapless circumstances ! But not only has famine thus prevailed ; but we hear like wise of earthquakes by which entire villages have been swallowed up, and the ground left in such an agitated state that survivors have been afraid to go and bury such of the dead as the earth had left uncovered. Again, the papers have teemed of late with the wide-spread destruction that has prevailed near the city of Naples, in con-^ sequence of the eruption of Vesuvius. The same paper contained a painful account of three dis tressing calamities which have just occurred nearer home : the one off Cornwall, where two young ladies and a gentleman, comprising part of a wedding party, were drowned by the upsetting of a boat in which they had embarked for a little sail round the coast. Another was the death by drowning of a most promising young Oxford student. A third sudden death from the same cause was that of a young person of fifteen years of age, who, whilst witnessing some dogs sport ing in the water, slipped in herself, and was drowned. This young person was much respected as a regular and attentive attendant upon her Sunday-school. Another most distressing calamity is thus recorded by the same journal: — 'Yesterday morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, a fatal and most heart-rending accident occurred at the Weston-super- Mare junction, by which Mr. William Corfield, a well-known and highly- respected inhabi tant of Banwell, lost his only son, under the most sorrowful circumstances. The lad, who was a fine bright boy, about ; fourteen years of age. was returning home for the Easter holi days from school, in the neighbourhood of Taunton, and had got out at the Weston Junction, where a conveyance was awaiting him to take him to Banwell. Seeing a cousin of his,, who had driven the gig down, on the opposite side, young Corfield, with a sudden pleasurable impulse to greet one from home, and without looking up or down the line, jumped off the platform, with his box in his hand, to run across. A train was at that moment sweeping up, and the station porter cried out, ' Take care, sir, the train is at hand;' but the warn ing was too late, the boy had crossed the line and placed his box on the platform, but had not time to climb up after it, when he was struck by the in- coming train, drawn under the wheels, and literally cut to pieces; so that, but that he was seen by his cousin a moment before, it would have been impossible to recognise him. The shock to all who witnessed this fearful incident cannot be described. Anything more terrible, and at the same time more touching, cannot be imagined. Here was a fine youth, the only son of his parents, returning for his Easter holidays, with heart full of glee and anticipated pleasure, killed suddenly and in the most awful manner, just (so to speak) as he had got within sight of the home where he was at that very moment so eagerly and lovingly expected. We can hardly fancy anything more mournfully affecting. The greatest sympathy is felt for Mr. Corfield in his dreadful bereavement, for he is deservedly held by his neighbours in the highest esteem.' Now, my dear young friends, what can more clearly show our need of the ever-constant care of God than the facts just recorded? and. mark vou. these facts are of continual occur rence. You can scarcely take up a newspaper, published in anyone town in the kingdom, wherein you do not meet, in their every issue, of similar facts occurring in .their own immediate localities. A young friend, who had just returned from a visit to a neighbouring country, said to me very recently, that so many painful circumstances had occurred in the neighbourhood during her visit as quite to cast a gloom over the place. My prayer, therefore, dear young friends,1 is, that these simple facts may be a means, in the hands of the Holy Ghost, of stirring you up to seek the Lord as your Protector, Preserver, and Friend. Then, come what may— sickness or health, life or death — all is well. Aye, and then, be assured, you shall find that he or she, whose Friend and whose portion is the Lord God of hosts, is not only safe for death 'and eternity, but satisfied, and peaceful, and happy, even amid the sufferings and sorrows which are inseparable from this poor, sinful, dying world. God in mercy grant you to realise it ! So prays, my dear young friends, your affectionate friend and well-wisher, Old Jonathan. 