Laying the Foundation-stone of St. James' Church, Wickham. The ceremony of layjhg Ithfe foniislafion stone of St. James' Church, 'Wlckhaih, tdok place on Saturday: last, j .? The; site.- as is ;.we)l . known, -li'iai naHf-kcres. allotmeni bt'thUi neir corner of Mr. A. Dangar's paddock, and is in every way most suitable, being, as nearly centrally situated in the parish as possible. A raised and roofed in platform had been pre pared, and was gaily decorated with flagbv The attendance was numerous, including all leadiner Inhabitants of Wickhajsii. the Mavor of the municipality, aSdJn^y ^spqifs! '{ Shortly after four 'o'clock, his Lordship the Bishop of the dibc^e'[cpintneij[6ed, proceedings; by calling upoii- CWe -alsArfbl'age tcf-fcingithW 140th hymn, which, it will be remembered is especially! dbeo'ted ko eucn'ser'vitei ^b'eihymri was sung by memberiOf the choirs of St. John'«%n£ ChVfcfcKdfofc, tbef byfifa^iAilS j&fcs; ingin,-and the -aoooffipafiioaent was- given- on an harmonium, specially provided. The 132nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, com mencing, 'In those' days' came,' succeeded, and the RovT H.S; MiHajrd then read certain, appropriaEe collects. '.'..','.''' ' The Mayor' of' Wickham; 'Jaines Hannell, Esq.. .then advanced tq the fi;ont of the plat fornt/£kndJ re«* \\\«i diJcdraeci wlncff- waa; tocbe placed in the foundation-stone, and of which 'the. following' is acopy|: — ' : '. . Wickham, Parish' of St. John, Newcastle, colony 1 ? of New South Wales. ' To the glory of God and in memory . of St The foundation stone of this church was laid by the Lord Bishop of the: Diocese, on Saturday, tfie 17th day of February, a.d. 1872, and in the thirty- fifth year of the reien of her .M_aiesty Queen 'Victoria of Great Britain, and Irclonc MM &K;'il...,:.i:.;-:j:'.'. '-'? ', '::, „'.'?. .' . Gbvernor-in-Chiof of the colony bt Ncvr South WtJe^TlfeliiahtiHono^lllo^oaitfrafctBk-hfltd, ^BsaMBolmb'rci;;! ;.5J UirtJff^K Bishop of the Diocese of Newcastle — The Eight Bcv. William Tyrrell, D.D. Incumbent of St. John's Parish— Ilex. Frnncis Dashwood Bode, of St. Augustine's College, Canterbury, England. Curate of St. John's and Cliristchurch, Eev. [ John Dixon. Architect — J. Backhouse, Esq. Contractor — T. Smith, Esq. x-uuuujg -juu.iui..^ -auJr. u. axiue, ncv.. J. Dixon, Messrs. J. Hannell, II. B. Cotton, J. D. Langley, W. A. Hutchinson, J. Hubbard, J. Chirifonj YJT. HolmcsjTi Elliott^ J. Gordons J. Hollnes, \Q. CtXkh','1^._ frindle, \T.! Frouhaji?, y . Holmes, F. Norman. The document having been duly deposited,! the foundation-stone was lowered, and his! Lordship having had the square and level handed to him, declared it to be well and truly! laidjM a ?foundationrstone of,, a jcbutch to bei erS^toUhWp^ge-'and gliij Woa?iV the' name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. His Lordship then prayed that the work they were that day en gaged in might prosper. The Belief was read, all present joining in; prayer was! again engaged in, and .then -his Lordship .de-- liVered his atldreW 'He commenced by srat-j ing the pleasure he felt in joining in their' little service usual on such occasions, and how happy he was to meet the gentlemen he saw around him, who had shown so much earnest ness in their work of love. They could not! bo accused of delay j. they had, .beenjeai-ly in' the Md/a|diadofm)iicncil Wtbk Jhorough' godjdWifl ; tie* hArfilyl thafeeM tlfow. ?. CTliey had shown cieat iudement and wisdom in tlioir arrangement and planning of their church ; he approved of their design to elect a portion: only, to which they could add hereafter. It was different to the plan pursued in the case of St. John's Church, where a large edifice had been built at oncft,' though even there the congregation and the number of parishioner! had increased more quickly than he had anti cipated. It was wiser to build the smallei one at first, and to enlarge it as the popula. tion increased. Fair contributions had already been made, and more were promised ; and h- tttottrtngtfcttfc^gjfe W||f oCaWipttfib on the liberality they had shown. He hoped all the funds required would soon be forthcoming^ and that in a few weeks their church wouk be ready for them to commence their Lord'i day service)!. He would say a word for thai good member of their church, Mr. Alberl P«pg»r^bo;ha4epadiejMi|iJ» gtvtnLtWtjhi site. No sooner had Be (fife Ebi dshipjf applied to him for the site than he replied at once; granting it, and subsequently, when informec that the quarter-acre was but too limited i space, he at once gave another quarter. They owed that gentleman a deep debt of gratitude* the thankaipf all; jwerqedue^toihim. Ho rel joiced, as bishop or overseer of his clergy committed by the Lord to his care, to find that the clergy of that parish were adding ye: another church to those already in his diocesel They must look forward to additional clergyi man' .being,, -brought there to perform th£ regular services; that they would find the means to do this he found sure proof iu what they had that '.day' dona. V. He; felt bound t6 speak most highly ofthe clergy of the diocese; Nowhere did he know of better in the colony^ or who more faithfully performed their dutiea He need only refer to the confirmation services and the preparation.: those ministers had made for them ; thus in 1869 he , kid his hands oil '860' members of his flock, whereas in1 187J he ,had the pleasure . of admitting to the altar of the liord no fewer than 1290, or an fj crease of over fifty per cent. -He rejoiced ii see the clergy doing their real work. with sucB earnestness, and that this was well known to the laity1. He had never'known such t»n effect before as lie had since .his last confirmation I it had led to 'a thorough awakening' of faith hroufijhout the church, and this ho attributed to his -Jw]ri, . his' olurgy's, /a'n'd Tiis peoples; prayeis having b^eri so uinted, he had cause to' balieve that they -bad '? been heardJ'^Jrle'ex horted his hearers to be incessant ia prayer and. regular in their attendancci-n the- serviccs. of the church, that they might grow in grace and ,d raw down on . themselves- all spiritual blessing, -and 'then' when the1 appointed time Pame J!igy^ould_a]ljiave. reas.Qu.to Jthank^God,. who had brought them into his haven of rest. . 'Xhe. iipv. V. JU, ±5ode, ^thiyKp,.- Uanon Self yn,i;and' tBe B/v. H. S^Mlard|hen/ad dreSsed*the nleetfng ; the 150th iiy'mn' was song; bis .Lordship pronounced the bene diction; a collection was made and deposited on t£e_f4*Bn|la£ij-n stspnoj '|nd tb^e meeting dis persecf.' *' * ? 