BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. Fourth Day.—Saturday, March 2. Sittings recommenced shortly after 9 a.m. Rev. H. Mason offered the opening prayer. The meeting at an early stage went into Committee to discuss the relations of chapel trusts and Sabbath-schools to funds that are raised for the support of the ministry, and the liquidation of liabilities incurred in working the district. Revs. J. Trewin, O. Lake, R. Lang, and Mr. W. Taylor were appointed a Sub-Committee to prepare a resolution bearing on this question. Rev. J. Ridclift was appointed to fill the vacancy caused in the Stationing Committee by the death of the Rev. Samuel Seen. It was arranged that the Stationing Committee should meet on Saturday at 3 p.m. to prepare a draft of the preachers' stations to be submitted early in the coming week for ratification. The appointment of laymen in certain proportions, together with ministers on the Stationing Committee, was affirmed to be a fundamental question, and Rev. O. Lake gave notice of motion on the point at the proper time. The times and occasions for giving invitations from circuits to particular preachers were fixed, with the necessity of a guarantee from the quarterly meeting for the minimum salary to the preacher invited, and the meeting then adjourned till Monday, March 4, at 10 a.m. Fifth Day.—Monday March 4. The sittings recommenced at 10. Rev. C. Tretize offered the opening prayer. The Secre tary read for the first time the list of stations, as prepared by the Stationing Committee, sub ject to appeals and the modifications they might produce. The Chapel Secretary, Rev. R. Lang, brought in the annual report, showing a reduc tion of 5 per cent, on last year's aggregate Chapel debt. The resolution remitted on Satur day to a Committee consisting of Revs. J. Trewin, R. Lang, O. Lake, and Mr. W. Taylor -was passed. The Beneficent and Chapel Funds were voted in the various directions in which there seemed to be the most pressing claims. SUNDAY SERVICES. The Rev. R. Lang officiated at 11 a.m., and took for his text 1st Corinth, x. 9. He contended that the Church of Christ never had a more eloquent advocate or more earnest worker than the .Apostle Paul. It was no dishonour to be connected with such a cause, for it was worthy of his splendid abilities, his ardent love, and un quenchable zeaL Paul had a clear head and a right royal heart. He was enraptured with the beauty of Christ's life, and the fulness and blessedness of Christ's GospeL He believed in the brotherhood of the human race, and toiled for the benefit of the Gentiles as well as the Jews. The preacher dwelt on the magnitude of the field' which opened before the earnest Apostle. The harvest was great then, and is so now, for all men needed to know God to become acquainted with the truths of the Bible. Men were low, and needed to be educated up to a higher manhood. 2. The door opened to the A.postIe was effectual. Paul was successful in bis work. He planted the cross and told the divine story; andthoughthe people hadbeenlong neglected and were nearly disheartened, they took heart again, and thanked God tw. the Saviour of the Jews was also the Saviour of the Gentiles. 3. Paul was withstood by adver sir 'es. The divinity of the Gospel might be doubted if it did not meet with opposition on earth. Some men would oppose the Gospel because it cut off their unholy gains, others because it interfered with their unholy plea sures, others because it tore in pieces their narrow bigoted creed. There were opposers now. The ungodly hindered it by their indif ference. Some who professed to love it hin dered it by their inconsistencies. Yet, the Gospel Jived and triumphed, shedding-light on fhepith of the just, and opening np before them a' prospect ot unutterable blessedness.' In the afternoon Rev. J. Bode discoursed from " Rev. v-H 25- In his introduction he dwelt on Scripture references to a fdture state, remark ing that they were negative and positive. This was one referring to the negative aspects. He then announced the following divisions:—1. There shall be no_ natural night. Night is a blessing on earth, bringing rest for the weary, &c.; The evils night is designed to mitigate exist not in heaven: there will be " no night there." 2. No intellectual night. Great as man's grasp of mind is, there is on earth much that he cannot fully know; but there shall be no such " night" there. 3. No moral night. Once for a very short time the clouds of that night obscured the celestial horizon, but was soon dispersed, never to return. There shall be no more " curse." 4. No providential night. Mysteries in life, Providences dark and inscrut able, all become luminous there. 5. No night of suffering and death. The preacher then exhorted all to become children of light and of the day here, that they might i he prepared for an immortal state. In the evening Rev. J. Ashton, Chairman of the District, preached on Heb. xL 5. He spoke of the contrasts between the moral and social condition of the world in the days of Enoch and the age we live in. Architecture, ! statuary, and literature had scarcely an ex- I istence. The germs of all that we have now : were there, but very little had been developed. In that distant age there were, however, advantages as well 'as disadvantages. There was not that keen competition j with which we are' so familiar. It is earth, earth, earth with us. On the other hand Enoch bad no background as we have. He could not j be inspired with many bright examples amongst | those who had lived before him. For 300 years i he walked with God. Through all the changes j of that period he communed with his Maker, and then was translated to Heaven. The speaker observed:—1. That Enoch's piety was not hereditary. 2. It was not necessarily the product of education or example, but supposed first of all a revelation. 3. Belief thereof. 4. Love thereto. 5. Practice thereof, enjoyment therein, and the testimony that he pleased God. " He walked with God." It was sup- : posed that the first 65 years of Enoch's life were only characterized by an ordinary degree of piety. Later in life the love deepened as the result of solemn thought about God, eternity, the soul, and the whence and whither of his being leading to full consecra tion of every faculty to God and sweetest com munion with Him. Enoch was translated :— i 1\. His translation did not destroy his personal identity; it only changed his relational state. It is not said he was not, but simply he was not found. His removal was (1) sudden, (2) miraculous, {3} glorious, (4) designed to teach the reality of the spiritual world. The preacher j concluded by observing—1. We cannot serve God too soon. Enoch began early in bis day, 2\. Nor too much. Enoch walked with God. 3\. Nor for naught. Enoch "by faith was translated that he should not see death, and was not found, for before this translation he obtained this testimony, that he pleased God." At 5.30 p.m. there was a well-attended tea j succeeded by a public meeting; Mr. W. Taylor, the representative of Auburn Circuit, presided. The Rev. J. Ashton, the Chairman of the District, read the report in a humorous and forcible manner. The Rev. J. Foster then said the subject assigned him was "The Holy Ghost." How should he treat a theme so vast He dwelt on the personality, being, and func tions of the Spirit, combating what he re garded as the anti-Christian notion that He was only an attribute or title of Deity, and traced the work ef the Spirit in the rations aspects of human redemption. The Rev. O. Lake spoke on " The Holy Catholic Church." He trusted that portions of the grand old creed were not held simply as theologic formulas, but as living realities. Holiness was the true doc trine of a standing or falling Church. In this point Methodism was an improvement upon Lutheranism. Luther was content with justification as his standard, but Wesley improved on that watchword. His programme was to " spread scriptural holiness through the land." The consequence was that while Lutheranism had lost much of its vitality, Methodism flourished. He feared that one reason why so little visible success now crowned the efforts of Christ's Church was that men were not encouraged as formerly to bear testimony that "the blood of Jesus Christ. God's son, cleanseth from all sin." This holiness consti tuted the Church, the pillar and ground of the truth. It were to be doubted if even God's truth could stand in such a world as ours without holiness. The early triumphs of the Church were due to this—that the primitive Christians were holy; hence they were forceful and attractive. They were never neutral. Sometimes their works were revolutionary; sometimes pacificatory, but alway influential. Their holiness was their foree, and they were powerful in proportion as they were holy. There were other powers ; numbers, for in stance ; but sometimes these were a source of weakness instead of strength. Let them re member what the Lord had said to Gideon, " These men are ' too many' for me," and not trust in numbers. There were also wealth and social influence. Voltaire said once to Frederick of Prussia, " I am glad the princes and philo sophers of the time are believing my teachings; I don't care who gets the tentmaker and fisher men." But Voltaire forgot history and misread human nature when he said that God's word declared "not many mighty, not many noble are called." The speaker did not believe in the wealthy Church, or the learned, the socially high, nor the numerically strong, but in the Holy Church. It was catholic or universal as comprehending all men. 2. As comprehending all time. 3. As comprehending all truth. After enlarging on these points he concluded by saying, " It all depends how we believe these facts. If we bold them, not as the mummy holds in its withered hand the seed corn which might have blessed the ages, butas living realities, we shall have union, earnest prayer, abundant confidence in the Church's high destiny. We believe in the glorious future. There are no poets and prophets of despair. There is light on the face of all that look towards the future, and this is especially the case with the seers of the Holy Catholic Church." Rev. J. Trewin in a few sentences referred to " Communion of Saints," but expressed regret that he had not more time to deal with the topic fully. Certain things were essentially necessary to secure com munion. 1. Love in the heart. 2. Confidence in one another. 3. Confidence in Christ, the centre of hope and joy. We had need of these things. Even the apostles felt the deep craving for human sympathy; even Christ longed and prayed for it mightily. Jesus promised to hallow it, and there were many bright Scripture examples of its blessed effects. This communion was to be promoted by various means, and when realized it presented the most perfect foreshadowing of Heaven that could be seen on earth. Tfie Rev. T. Allen said it seemed that his subject—the "Life Everlasting"—was too deep, sacred, important to be entered upon at that late hour. One must live through a whole eternity to be able to talk fully and profitably about everlasting life. There was an instinctive craving in every human breast for the everlasting. This was more than endlees existence. Fallen angels and lost souls had that. It was independent of externals entirely, began and continued in tightness of heart. He could not enter upon all the aspects of the subject, as it was so vast. The choir sang very creditably, and the pro ceedings closed with the benediction. Sixth Day.—Tuesday, March 5. Sittimgs recommenced at 9 a.m. Rev. J. Ridclift offered the opening prayer, after which the Statiomug Committee sat to hear apeals. These appeals having been duly considered, tlie following stations were submitted and passed:— Adelaide—O. Lake, J. Way. Kooringa—J. Rock. Gawler—J. Ashton, R. Lang. Clarendon—J. Trewin. Auburn—T. Piper, C. Tresize. Mount Torrens—H. Mason. Kapunda—W. Richards. Yankalilla—J. Foster. Port Elliot—To be supplied. Monnt Lofty—J. Ridcuft. Bowden—T.Allen, J. Roberts (supernumerary). Riverton—R. O. Bandt. Kadina—J. Hancock, another. Port Augusta—J. StoyeL Robe—T. Hill man. Mount Gambier—J. Dingle. Wellington—Another. Port Wakefield—T. McNeil. 