TO TI .d RESOUEI TO THE EDITOR OF .THE OIPPSLAND TIMES. Sta.-The lazy publia must be muech obliged to the disinterested unselfish spirit of " Anti.{nmbhug' for coming forward so nobly and generously on their behalf, and striving to acquit himself as purger, in general or particular, of all that is wicked and dreadful in the acts of dwellers in this district, which seems in his virtuous eyes to be specially favoured as the )uale of designing and evil dis. posed persons. Poor Mr West, aecord. ing to A. H., stands publicly charged with "slander, deceit, and falsehood," and the unhappy man lies on a "bed of torture," and "Anti" is no thoroughly im hoed with the true christian spirit of bnevolenceo and human kindness that he " sincerely trusts no one will disturb his repose." Unlucky Mr West, the .ut bIas gone forth, and, so far as "Anti a good wishes go, you are a dead man. I wonder if " Anti" is not afraid of West's ghost, when he hss so summarily dis posed of his body. But " Anti" is not to allow Mr West to lio undisturbed after all, for if he cannot "purge Mfalfra of his presence," hae thinks it would be the heat thing to "get West made an elder." Pray "Anti," did you ever have any thing to do either with malting or un making elders? You think West would pssn with credit. Really, after describ ing Mr ?Vest in such forcible terms, it is' very becoming and cbaritnbll towards the church to think so highly of the chlraeter required in an elder. I have no wish to include " Anti" eitlher in the " slanderera" or the " most virtuous persons" in Upper Maffrn. I leave a discerning publio to place him in the list his merits so well deserve. I could tell " A. II." a little fible ahol ut elders and parsons, from which, if hie chose, lie could draw a moral. I amn afraid if Mr West, who " Anli" infers, " has been treacherous without art," &c..; were to be made an elder, " Anti" would lave to he parson, ruling elder, congregation and all. Such a billet might suit him; who knows? Not I, OI NO INDEED. Upper Maifra, 3rd Feb., 1872. 