RAVENSWOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 4. THE weather continues so broken that we are inclined to think it an early Act season, Our Northern bugbear, the Burdekin, have. been up and down lately, just as an intimation of what can behave in that way, and we are nearing the season which annually leaves its tracks in drowned travellers. They give us London statistics of the victims to furious driving ; what about the "found drowned" and drowned while attempting to cross " I'OTIB which might be got hoped from the various local papers ? It would be a startling list. Now, should any of the law-abiding citizens of Ravenswood be time came I away bodily in attempting to reach, Bay, the Post Office, Court-house, or other buildings which are separated from the principal business portion of the town by Elphinstone Creek, on whose chest would their ghosts sit heavily the Government or the Townsville mon P It really does seem hold that a place which has returned such a handsome revenue us this, and with so little expense in collecting, should have a dangerous and unsightly gap left in the main street, after so many promises But it will be doubtless there some day, thisGovornmontbridgo, and even a water reserve, and some other blessings which full to the lot of pot places At present many are our wants Now, there is the cemetery I do not pretend to say whose duty it is to look after it, fence it, and make it decent, but there can be no doubt of its present very disgraceful state. The graves are scattered broadcast or in irregular lines, and the rude ironbark fenced of the sainted Celoslials elbow the few white failed enclosures of our towns- people, while the whole are informed, the newly turned earth being a favorite breeding-place for stray cows and occasionally this "God'saero" has resounded with the yells of the blacks in their midnight orgies There has been some what of a jog-trot irreverence in the style of of some of our funeral, too, which might be mended. Men do not trouble us much more when it comes to this, and we might " lay them down tenderly." One poor fellow named James Britton, this week left his work well at night and was next morning found dead in his bed, and that evening covered over. He was a hatter, and out of reach of help in his lost hours Disease of the heart is supposed to have been the cause [A "sailor," in mining phraseology, Bigmfios a man who works by himself, without masses JB 17] The District Court, or rather the constant miscarriage of justice for want of it, is another thing which cannot be too earnestly growled about. I see the coast papers are very severe on the subject, and well they may be, for certainly since Judge Innes left there has been nothing but hurry and scramble and general dissatisfaction, Just a few hours' rush, and jurymen, witnesses, and litigants, after weeks of patient waiting, were sent off about their business. Bills were not filed in COBOS where everybody on the spot felt certain of the guilt | cases postponed till next session on technical grounds ; the jury snubbed, and nobody I satisfied except the criminals, who unexpectedly found themselves at large, and no doubt appreciated the " liberty of the subject" thus accorded them. But if this is felt in the ports, what about two islanders, who add to those sorrows a long journey, and total and expensive absence from business, and in some cases for a month ? Surely a Resident District Judge might be allowed for the Kennedy. With a Court sitting here he would find enough work, from Port Mackay northwards, to keep him going, and the losers of horses, and people otherwise robbed, would be relieved from the obligation to put up with their losses, and the " liberty of the subject" would cease to be liberty to commit crime with impunity. Some of our townsfolk are to-night feasting Mr. Hishon on the occasion of his leaving for the Towers. AS It rule, those affairs nYo clap- traps, but in the present instance the recipient of the honor deserved it well ; not only as one of the first on the field in business and Co having been liberal and public- spirited, but as a persevering plucky digger himself in other fields j one who has gone through the vicissitudes of diggings life, and made many Monds. I need say nothing of the Towers, as I see you have a correspondent there. In mining matters there is but little to report here, except that some of our good reefs still hold their own, OF you will see by the crushings of the Donnybrook the Trieste also promising well by their report. There has been a small rush to the Kirk River, and some gold has come in, nothing startling as yet, but enough to cause a thorough overhaul of a likely locality, except in such rushes, and some few reefs which may be taken up after the wet season, we do not look for much change till the pans are fully at work, or some company started. We have a few quiet, comfortable-looking Victorians on the (told who will be heard of yet, and if a prospect out of some casks of burnt mundie blanketings I saw the other day at the Vulcan machine be any guide as to Holiness, there will be fortunes made in quiet going Huvouawood yet. Bishop Quinn left here on Monday, several members of the Roman Catholic Church accompanying him a few miles on the road. I am told that he made a severe onslaught against shanties, miscalled " hotels ; " and expressed not only his distaste for public-house keeping which went beyond the real requirements of town and country, but his willingness to practically helping any who wished to emancipate themselves from what he called a " degrading occupation." I heard of a Protestant Boniface who was present going home in quite on excited state of mind at such uncompromising truth. More power to the bishop, Buy 1 ยก follow any one walk our streets, and not only will be see the supply of publics far in excess of the demand, but that more than one should be stamped out to make the trade respectable. But not being a bishop, I won't preach. 