INDIA AND INDIAN MISSIONS. Last evening, the Rev. J. Hutcheon, M.A., of Mysore, India, delivered a lecture at the Town Hall, on " India and Indian Missions," to a numerous audience, in which there was a large preponderance of the female sex. Among the gentlemen present were the Very Rev. the Dean of St. David's, Revs. Dr. Nicolson, J. H Elvins, G. B. Smith, J. Long, J. Stone, Stephenson, Ogilvie, Dr. Agnew, Messrs. T. Giblin, J. Davies, M.H.A., Bilton, Brownell, Jas. Smith, Ayton, Tapfield, R. Young, Crouce, Arnold, Rothwell, Darling, Napier, Johnson, &c;, &c.; The Hon. Mr. Fysh, M.L.C., who took the chair on the occasion, said that meeting forcibly reminded him of one of a similar character at which he made a great mistake, which he had taken care to guard against over since. He had once taken on himself to infer that the lecturer he had to introduce might possibly expect him to occupy some time in an opening speech, and that he was perhaps not dis- posed to take up so large a portion of the meeting as others anticipated, However he (Mr. Fysh) found out that the lecturer was one from whose lips flowed eloquence in something like a liquid stream which caused regret on his part that he (the Chair- man) had not limited himself to merely introducing him to the audience. On the present occasion he should avoid a similar mistake, and in introducing the Rev. Mr. Hutcheon he knew sufficient of him to believe that he was able to interest and instruct the meeting so long as they would listen to him. He would therefore cull upon them to have some forbearance, and not expect him to occupy too long a time in addressing them on the subject announced. He had great pleasure in introducing the rev. gentleman to lecture on " India, and Indian Missions." (Applause.) Tho Rev. Mr. Hutcheon, on rising, was enthu- siastically greeted. He began by saying that he ought perhaps to make an apology. He had been requested by a number of their excellont ministers and other friends, to re-deliver a lecture he gave some time ago in tho Mechanics' Institute. He was sorry not to be able exactly to do that to night, and they would excuse him for not using a manuscript ; he had done that many years ago, and he thought it was a great falure and had never since adopted the same method in his public speeches. He how- ever, trusted he could vouch for his facts, but to give tho exact lecture which he gave a few weeks ago he would find impossible. India was his subject, and it was one of the most interesting countries in the world. It professed great attractions to the linguist, for its thirty languages, some of them very elaborate and perfect, formed a fine field of study. It possessed resources worthy of the most complete attention of the historian and the antiquary, for much still remained to be discovered and known respecting it. It presented an arona for developing the talents and character, and holding out the best career in the world for the highest class of civilians and statesman. (Applause) It had been pouring its wealth into the laps of our commercial men for hundred years ; and it had been the training school for our greatest warriors : Clive, Welliington, Napier, Lake, Gough, Hardinge, Outram, Havelock, and Lord Clyde, had all had their genius developed there. (Applause). But to the Christian philanthropist India had a peculiar and superlative interest. It was the great battle-field in which was now being fought out the contest between the conservatism of the East, and the progress of the West, and it was the great scene and arena on which was now being fought out the contest between the power of Christianity, and the united power of all the old systems of superstition, idolatory, false religion, and false philosophy, which had been produced and conserved in Asia for nearly four thousand years. (Applause.) They might say at oneo that if this life had any meaning and design it was that nations as well as individuals should have a religious pro- bation. The business of the world, social institutions, and civil governments were only the scaffolding and platform for developing character, and testing principle to fit man for a noble destiny beyond the grave. (Applause.) Hence he affirmed that God's great design in connecting the Anglo-Saxon race with India was a religious one; and with their permission he would address himself chiefly to the religious aspect of India. (Applause.) Let him first, therefore, turn their attention to Hinduism, the great system of religion that had been developing in that marvellous country for so many ages, and, perhaps, to give a better idea of it, he might divide it into different ages. First, there was the Vedic age, far back amid the hoary mists of antiquity, at least 1400 years before our era began ; the Hindus, a branch of the great Aryan race, which gave the Pelasgians to Greece and Italy ; and the Teutonic families to Northern Europe, who came from the valleys of India and Bac- tria, crossed the Hindu Koosh, and conquered a part of Northern India. The Brahmins, either as a priestly class, followed in the time of some great conqueror, or at a very early period assumed that character among the original Aryans. Then began the great Vedic age of the Hindu religion, and how prolific it was in power and resources ; a grand priesthood was consolidated, and a collection of sacred hymns, prayers and precepts, was produced, which formed the great Vedas, or eleven huge folio volumes. There they found some imperfect fragments of patriarchal truth, and some crude notions of the unity of God. Mention was also made of some other divinities, and the personification of the elements, but not as objects of worship. Image worship had not yet been introduced. Those old Vedas were written in the Sanscrit, the language of the gods, and the most finished language in the world; they had been secluded from vulgar eyes for two thousand years, and strange to say, were now imper fectly understood by the most learned Brahmins. There they found one of the most striking religious inconsistencies in the world ; for all classes believed that the Vedas contained the essence of wisdom and religion ; yet the modes of worship which they enjoined, and many of the doctrines inculcated, had been obsolete for many ages. The Vedic age was followed by the age of Manu. The great Rishu, or sage, Manu, about nine hundred years before the Christian era, prepared a code of religious and secular rules and precepts, which he presented in the form of institutes. Here they best discovered the origin of caste, and the exaggerted assumptions of the Brahmins. The worship of the Supreme God under the name of Brahma, was still obscurely retained, and the elements, and the heavenly bodies became objects of adoration, and the way was fully prepared for the introduction of idolatry. The next was the Heroic age, and during that period popular idolatry was fully developed. During the period great warriors and heroes became the grand objects of admiration and homage; wandering bards, like the Noprodists, in the heroic age of Greece, sang their praises, and by and by, many of them were deified. Rama, a king of Gods, about 1,200 years before Christ, the hero of the Ramayana, in his exploits with the great giant Ravanu, and Kristnu, the hero of tho Mahabharata, and the great battle fought between the Randus and Kurus at Knuksheha, had fixed the germs of poetry for a hundred generations, and had sup- plied a fund of figure, story, and character to Hindu writers of every age. The Ramayana, and Mahabharata were two magnificent epic poems, The former contained 100,000 lines, and the latter 400,000. For grandeur of conception, for flights of imagination, for elaborations of fascinating and exciting hero-worship, and for mythology in its most gigantic proportions they stood alone in the history of all religions. For example, Hammamunta, the monkey god, in searching for the divine herb to raise the god Rama from the dead, tore up the Himalaya mountains, and put them under one arm, and as he did not wish the sun to rise before he returned, he seized him, and put him under the other arm. (A laugh.) The mountain Maru, with which the gods and giants churned the milk sea in search of ambrosia, was 264,000 miles high, and they churned for a thousand years. (Laughter.) The next age was that of tho Rise of Budd- hism. It would appear that during the heroic age, a great re-action was setting in against the assumption of the pride of the Brahmins and a system of Atheism was spreading among the people. Gontama or Buddha, a person of royal descent, born at Capilu in the seventh century be- fore Christ, became a great ascetic ; took up his abode at Gya in Behar, reduced this atheistic philo- sophy to a certain form or system, and became the patron and idol of his sect. Supported and encouraged by most of the powerful princes and Rajahs of Hindustan, he and his successors soon propagated Buddhism through tho greater part of India, as the inscriptions on the ancient pillars of Delhi in the north, Gejerat in the West, and Kut- tack in the East clearly prove. But now began the grand contest between Buddhism and Hinduism, the rival religions, which lasted for more than a thousand years, until at last Buddhism in the 10th century of our era, was vanquished, and driven out of India. But during the mighty struggle, and in its defeat, it retained so much of its inherent power, that it propagated itself through Ceylon, Burmah, Siam, Thibet, Tartary, Japan, and the great Chinese Empire. And at this day it numbered more than 300,000,000 of votaries, and was the largest religious sect in tho world. He now came to the last development of Hinduism, the Puranic age. The Brahmins, gathering power from the long contest, produced a most gigantic system of popular idolatry, and completed a Pantheon of 333 millions of gods. In the eighteen great Puranas, the oldest written a thousand, and the last about four hundred and fifty years ago, we had 1,600,000 lines of Sanscrit poetry. In those amazing Puranas, the various castes of Brahmins had elaborated a system of mythology, polytheism, superstition, and idolatry of most gigantic pro- portions, such as the world had never seen any- where else. It contained a Pantheon of gods, goddesses, demi-gods, giants, heroes, and devils, which confounded memory, and imagination. Heaven, earth, hell, tho sea, the sky, the mountains, the rivers, the forests, and every object in the universe were swarming with divinities. Every vice, and every human passion was either deified, or sanctioned by the example of the gods; nearly every error, and false dogma that has ever existed in our world might be found ; and there was an infinite variety of gods, and ceremonials to suit every state. The polluting stories in those great Puranas had been the chief food of the Hindu mind, and those abominable gods had been the object of their worship for more than a thousand years. But besides the four ancient Vedas, the wise Shastros or sacred sciences, the two magnificent epic poems, and those eighteen Puranas, the Hindus had also a vast written system of astrology, and a great variety of popular literature of a more local character. Such a mighty system of literature was at once a proof of the power of the Brahminical intellect, and an evidence of the extraordinary extent to which great and mighty nations may wander from truth, happiness, and God. (Applause ) Then they had the proudest priesthood the world had ever seen, the Brahminical priesthood. The Brahmins are a hereditary priesthood, which admitted of no accessions from the laity ; for every member of that priesthood by birth, by caste, and by education, occupies a position in society to which no other human being can climb. The intellectual culture of ages has given them a vast superiority to all other classes, and they are a great, learned, and exclusive aristocracy. They have enjoyed a mono- poly of all the learning in the country ; they have been the religious guides of the people for three thousand years ; they have been the political counsellors of Hindu kings and rajahs for centuries ; they have received all the highest civil and roligious honours and distinctions ; and the wealth of mighty kingdoms has been laid at their feet. The great Gurus of India, or the high priests of the various religions sects, occupy the central position, and com- plete this magnificent priesthood. They are the great interpreters of the religious books ; they hold the keys of Paradise and their decisions are final. In social life, and in all great public processions they take precedence of kings and princes ( their disciples are counted by hundreds of thousands; and the revenues of their temples and lands, and their taxes and offerings, are astonishing. There never has existed a priesthood so successful. Neither the Jewish priesthood, with its divine appointment, divine sanctions, divine revelation, and power of miracles, nor the Romish priesthood with its infinite pretensions, and its infallible Pope, have ever been able to grasp the hopes, fears, and destiny of so many millions of human beings, and infuse their power into the religious and social life and every-day acts of the people, as the Brahmins of India have done. Such was a bird's-eye view of the great system of Hinduism, which every missionary had to meet, and which every Christian desired to see overturned before they submitted to God, in whom he believed, and the Saviour whom he loved. (Applause.) The rev. lecturer next directed at- tention to the character of the Hindus; the people developed under such a system. Here he might say that every new comer to India on landing found himself in a peculiar difficulty. Most persons who went to India were gentlemen, and they had no sooner landed than they went to school to learn new etiquette (a laugh), for they were in danger of treading on tho toes of the Hindus. Hindu etiquette was peculiar. For example.a Hindu friend calls to see you, aud you are so polite as to ask jhm how his wife is? (A laugh.) He returns you no reply. Why? Because you asked what no Hindu gentleman would do. You are invited to meet a Hindu family, As soon as you enter of course you bow to the lady of the house, but she turns away and remains silent. Why? Because she dare not speak in the presence of her husband or mother in-law. (A laugh.) In order to gratify tho fond mother, and perhaps to compensate for tho mistake, you look to her baby in arms, and try to excite the goodwill of the mother by praising it, but she appears distressed, and by-and-by rushes to another room and ties a charm round the baby's arm lest it should be destroyed by some great disease caused by the evil eye cast upon it. (A, laugh. ) You ask a young Hindu in a friendly way if he loves his newly married wife. He answers, if he does he could never say so, for if she only knew that he loved her he should have no more peace. (Laughter). It took the greatest possible care, and a year of careful study to understand etiquette, and they had to fight against prejudice, so as to induoe them to open their hearts to receive tho truth. (Applause). The rev. gentleman next proposed to mention a few traits in the character of the Hindu, such as the following: they were temperate, and polite; there was a certain religiousness in their character ; they were a patient and persevering people ; and owing to the patriarchal system they were ready to take care of relatives. But he would not be doing justice to the subject, were he not to draw aside the curtain and give a full portrait. The Hindus had some fearful and extraordinary vices of character, such as deceit, which was a fearful ami extraordinary charge, yet it was a true one, for the Hindus are known as a nation of liars, and deceit was practised in public courts of justice in evading the ends of the law, in the school-room, in business, and in the family. You ask a boy at school if it were right to tell lies, he says Yes. You asked why ? He says, because every one tells lies. (A laugh.) Another feature was that they are wanting in individuality of character, They would only move in the mass ; and it was a rare thing to find a Hindu taking a step by himself. They had not, as a rule, the moral courage to think for themselves, and they were almost always un faithful to their convictions. Their caste has produced a want of sympathy and kindness, they are a selfish people. That was brought out and exemplified by meanness, and flattery, to gain an end. But the most striking trait was their moral degradation, and how could he (Mr. Hutcheon) present that in its true aspect ? What else could be expected under such a system of religion ? When every possible means were adopted to deprive con science of its power, and take away from men their sense of responsibility to God, Pantheism, which made God and the soul one, and nearly two-thirds of the people in his (Mr. Hutcheon's) own parish in the Mysore country were real Pantheists. Then there were transmigration, infanticide, the Thug gism of Bengal, fatalism, the abominations of Juggernaut, the devil worship of Travancore, human sacrifices of Konds, feasts of God of lust, shrines dedicated to the Singa, songs, temples, and the people degraded to the lowest depths of immor ality. Heathenism could only be seen in heathendom, where all the restrictions of true religion were removed. It was necessary to leave the Hindus to wallow in their mire, worshipping their gods of lusts and every unhuman passion, inheriting the accumulated guilt of ages to see how successfully, universally, and thoroughly they have been led captive by the devil. For his own part he had often thought of the devil bofore going to that country, but he had never seen or imagined how he could make them writhe under his influence, as he had seen them do in his parish at Mysore, during the festival to the god of lust. Another phase of the difficulties which missioneries had to contend with, was their indifference to things spiritual. The general indifference and apathy of the Hindu character were proverbial. They are intensely indifferent, The missioner may be giving the most earnest and impressive on the majesty and purity of God, the love of Christ, as he had preached, and seen others preach to the Hindus, who, though, appearing to listen with the utmost attention, would after the discourse greet the preacher with the most vulgar expressions, or a laugh of perfect indifference; or reply what a foolish thing it would be for God to create a devil and hell if he did not ntend to send some of thesm there. Such was indeed often a polite expression with them, as they would often at the conclusion of the discourse join in the most horrid blasphemy and polluted expressions. Let them look at such people as he had described, worshipping such horrid objects ; yet such were the people the missionary had to try and reclaim to Christ. He would now introduce to their notice the Christian agencies employed to bring them back to Christ from Hinduism. What were these agencies ? The system of vernacular preaching was one. There are about 580 foreign missionaries labouring in lndia among 200,000,000 of people. About perhaps two thirds of those missionaries devote most of their time and labour to preaching the Gospol to the people in their own tongue. Look, too, at some of the difficulties with which the missionary has to contend. Before ho can preach to thom there is the great difficulty to explain himself - there is this great Eastern language to learn. The missionary goes to India with the consciousness of a great work before him, with a desire to convert souls, and with a hearty love for the work. A great wall separates him from the people. He cannot utter a single syllable to them. This language is before him. He now recognises what and how great was the curse of Babel. One of these languages is considered five times more difficult to learn than French. One may after years of careful study acquire a copious vooabulary, but still there are difficulties of accentuation and idiom to be mastered, and few missionaries can acquire such a thorough com mand of accent and idiom as to speak with such fluency and power as to be able to express the doctrines of salvation with power and clearness in one of these Eastern languages. When he has acquired the language he is met with another diffi- culty. He thinks he has got a language rich in inflexions and expressions, an idiom that can clearly express any doctrine of his holy religion. He goes out into the great field before him to commence his work. By and by he finds that he is misunderstood. He is describing the Glory of God or Paramashuram, and he is understood to be speaking of Crishna or Brahma. He is describing the Omnipresence of God, and they think he is preaching of their own final purification ; or, when speaking of the resurrection he is supposed to be treating of the transmigration of souls. He may be trying to get them to think of eternal life, and they think he is treating of absorp- tion into the nature of God. Thus though he has acquired a very material power over the language, he finds that he is in danger of having the doctrines he wishes to inculcate appropriated among some 333,000,000 of gods, and that consequently.it is very difficult to convey a correct idea of the pure doctrines of Christianity to the Hindu mind. Then look at the power of idolatry which every mission- ary has to combat. He has to study it in all its greatness.. His own parish in Mysore has as many people as are in four Australian Colonies, altogether about one and a half millions. The fort of Mysore, only a few hundred yards square, contains 14 heathen temples : then coming out to the native town they had 45 more, or for a population of 60,000 people, 59 great temples. Then looking around within a radius of thirty miles they had six or seven idols ; one being a stone god 70ft. high, greater than the idol god erected by Nebudchadnezzar. Thus they had a power of pagodas, temples, and gods that made the very heart quake, besides which there were from 20 to 30 thousand priests with endowments of offerings and money amounting to £16,000 every year. Then the missionary finds ho]e has to fight against vast ages of history, before he can make headway against the vast power of Hinduism. Take, for example , the old Rajah of Mysore. He received a pension of more than £100,000 per annum from the British Government, and he spent nearly half of that sum on objects of idolatry. He had known him to spend £5,000 to £6,000 to perform a ceremony to purify one of his concubines. Then take the climate of India. This was another poworful drawback against which the missionary had to contend. It always pulls down and never builds up. How many noble persons, civilians, military officers, and mis- sionaries have been laid by it in a foreign grave ? During 10 years 73 missionaries died, and 125 more were invalided and sent home. It is now found that 50 per cent of new missionaries are required every 10 years to maintain the ordinary staff. In his own special field of labour, Mysore, the case was worse. In seven years they had buried nine of their missionary party - six missionaries' wives and three noble missionaries. One, just as he stepped on the threshold of usefulness ; another, as he was about to enter on a career of usefulness ; another, his (the lecturer's) immediate predecessor, after spending 14 years in that country, having buried every child but one, and laid his beloved wife in the gravo, determined that he would not leave India ; saying now that God had taken his family, he would spend his life in itinerating through the country. With a heavy heart, he started on his horse to do this, and it was after he had proclaimed the doctrines of Christianity with much power and attractiveness to great congregations, he preached one night to a numerous audience, and the next night his companion missionary laid him a lonely gravo near tho great waterfalls. One night he was holding up Christ to win attention on earth, and Christ next night was presenting him with a crown. Instead of Christian charity and zeal being discouraged by these drawbacks, every true- hearted missionary, like Abraham, when he bought the Cave of Macheolah, takes possession of the country in the name of his God. Again, look at the difficul- ties the missionary experiences in attracting a congregation and in coming near the people. To one he talks of his farm affairs, to another of some interesting topic, with a third he tries to en- counter favour, and having collected them ho takes them to a shady seat under the spreading branches of a tree. He finds, however, that when addressing them he meets with the greatest indifference. He is anxious to tell them the way of happiness, and he asks somo what is happiness? The person interrogated will look wise, and his reply, pro- bably will be ; " A full stomach, and nothing to do." He speaks to them about the parable of the Rich Man and Lazarus, or the Prodigal Son, or the Sermon on the Mount, and in a familiar way tries to explain and apply the subject. He may then ask the most attentive-looking man in the company whether he has understood him. The reply, most probably, will be: " We know a little about our wives and families, our fields, and our money, and care for nothing else." Very great difficulty is thus experienced in preaching to agricultural congregations, a difficulty which can never be felt out of such a country as India. The missionary meets with a different diffi- culty in the towns. One morning he has perhaps a mixed congregation of Hindus and Mahometans, who meet him with questions or ply him with difficulties. On such occasions like Paul he may have to say something which will set them against one another ; then at the end they will probably calm down and he will immediately get a bearing. Occasionally he will meet with a few intellectual men who will tell him that the mysterious doc- trines of Christianity present greater difficulties than their Pantheism, and who will puzzle him with questions about tho nature of God, the essence of the soul, the devil, or such matters. Often on such occasions instead of wasting time venturing into these discussions, the best, and frequently only method is to assault them with similar difficulties, and thus bring them back and induce them to listen. At another time he will be met with a noisy, angry, and troublesome congregation. One is heard 100 yards off, exclaiming, "How much does Govern ment pay you for preaching this ?" Another, " How much do you get for it ?" A third, "What's the use of this preaching ?" Another exclaims, " Before your country and religion had an existence, we had our God, our Vedas, and great books of our own." The missionary requires to resort to all sorts of methods, and to have his wits about him to calm such a crowd. Then when he has done this he requires to meet them on their own ground, answering them as the wise man recommends, ''answer a fool according to his folly," using some of their own proverbs, and then som sonsiblo man may see the allusion and cause a feeling in your favour by exclaiming, " You have hit him now." Thoy had to go to a pooplo stoopod in moral degradation, to deal with a pooplo in diflbrout to the Gospol mossago. As Dr. Judson said, with rogard to the Hindus, "You must take their full vossola and empty thom boforo you can boat tho doctrino of salvation into their intellects Now, ho would notice tho cduc ittoinl system which was ono of tho gicat ngoncios omployed by tho missionary llio Anglo vernacular system of odttcation was liitioduced by the great Di Dtifl, 40 years ago Tho importance of tho mattoi was at once booh by tho Go\ornment, and it was generally adopted by tho missionaries It had now boon m operation for neatly 40 yoars When ho went to India thoro wot o three Uimorsitioa m existence which had been formed to on coinage the development of Eistornoducitton, and smco thon the gioatest inducement had been olleicd to tncourago Hindus to become acquainted with tho Eiiglislilangu igo The Hindus saw tit it it opottpd up to thom a menus of ad\ ancomont, and so tho system soon became popnl ir As a result thoy had now tho Anglo Vernacular schools foi boys windi wot o most BUtccssf ul I ho study of TngliBli basas a coiiscquoiico'supoi sailed tho study of Sauset it, and tho puto histoiy, tho pin o suotieo, and noble pnotty of the West, togothei with tho gioit Christian Bihlo now foulis the studv of noarlv 00,000 of tho finest youths ni India (Ohonis ) Tilka tho female hi auch of this education Thoy had causo to t ojoito that thoy liadbeoiibniiuiirnsmann tit the Attsti altin colonies or iiiaiiyChiistlaiilatid, foi Indian fomales aro of all woroon probably tho most ilogt aded She must not address her husband except m the honni ifio |ilui al Sho cannot tako bia at in, but must walk behind linn Sho must hu his houso dmdgo Sho cannot mairy the mau of hot choice lu India tho wife ia hot husband s di migo, and tho widow ib still a stop low at Of all tho widows m tina w drill ono fifth uro in this dogi adod position of Hindu widows It ia not poimittod to woman theto to poifnim tho noble pai t of hot good and gloitoiiH cat toi in tho pingicsa of humanity , abo is not allowed to occupy it position of intimacy ot of moray, or as a mother or sinter to show huraolf worthy of tho nanto No , sho ia made a ¡mhn, or do\ il Hor w ai m sy nipatluos are not allow od thoir ptopot vunt, and so thoy aro dtrootod to idolatry and pilgrimages , sho di aga hor children far away on pilgrimages, and thus becomes a great power for the support and propagation of idolatry. Nearly 'all the great pilgrimages are undertakon to fulfil tho vows of women. At Mysore, an old grand- mother dragged two children away on a pilgrimage, and spent 6000 rupees. Anothor dragged her liusband out of aGovornmont office in the Treasury, nnd'two young men out of their own class, taking thom on a pilgrimage some 250 miles. How diificnlt was it under these circumstances to introduce female education amongst the Hindus. When ho and his wifo went to'Mysore, the people laughed at them when they talked of educating females, and said that to educate a woman waa Tiko putting a knife into tho hand of a monkey. It was stated that as thoy were, they woro diificnlt to control ; and if thoy gave thom education, they would bo unable to control thom. Now, howovor, they had carried female education, and established it' as a great institution of tho country. During tho first year ho resided at Mysore thoy could only get soven of tho lowest Parah girls which his wife taught for some years. Ho tried to purchase a piece of land to build a girls' school, but could not got it. At last ho rented a shop when he commenced a book shop. The house fortunately had an upper story aud in that his wifo commenced with one scholar, but at last sho got from 20 to 30 girls. The scheme went on developing itself and efore they left there were two fine schools in the centre of the populace,- and they had also the pleasure of seeing a female school commenced in the palace of Mysore itself. This was an example of what the missionaries had effected. There were now somo 30,000 Hindu girls studying in tho schools, He would now givo a little of the brighter side of the question, and state what were the results of their labours. The missionaries' hearts wore, ha regretted to say, often saddened at the want of charity dis- played towards the cause. Ho hail been told by a clergyman in England, that they should give up tho mission in India as thoro were no results obtainable, and thattheyshouldtry someothcrfjeld of action. The somo idea hod becnexpresscdtohimbyagentlemanin Melbourne, and perhaps some of his auditors enter- tained similar opinions. Looking at thoir genoral suc- cess thoy felt that God had been paving tho way for them, by tho tempest they had the year after ho landed in India. The heroes and noble Christians who took a prominent placo in the great struggle ho need not recall. That led tho British Govern- ment and Parliament to interfere, and remove the old Government which had become too consérvate of the old state of things, and of tho Hindu idolatry. The British soldiers proved themselves a noble sot of men. They wero unequalled by any body of men ¡i( any part of t)io work). He could never think of the great and good men amongst them without speaking well of their name, The fumino and cholera in the N.W., tho English bcnevolenco and forgiveness, the contribution of £815,000 to relio ve the famine, then the groat cyclone, followed by the famine in Orisso, judg- ments which had destroyed nearly 3,000,000 of people, hod done much to open up a way for them by touching tho hearts of the people, thus strengthening the British Government. Thoy found in all tho great centres that Hinduism was effete ; its very life was gone, and it was .now ineroly a great dead ceremonial. The power of the great Brahminical prjesthood lind been undermined, and was moro nominal than real. The Bible had been translated into thirty languagos,/and three million copies circulated, in addition to more than tau million tracts and other publications. Looking at the simple preparatory work done-at the prim oval forests bown down, the fallow ground turned up, and tho seed sown-if nothing else had been accomplished, the Church bad no reason to bo dis- satisfied or discouraged. But there was great progress, great spiritual and intellectual progress, going on through tho educational system ! 120,000 of the most promising of the youth of India had been brought under the most thorough Christian education. Day after day those thousands wero summoned round tho missionaries' feet, when the groat truths of tho Divino records wero explained to them, and thoy were introduced to the sciences and appliances of western education, and these thousands of the best youth of India wero carrying a now essence into tho Hindu life. Not only wore these yr.iiths earnest in the pursuit of their studies, but thoy east asido tile heathen Hindu works, refusing to read tho nativo opie poems. Their sympathy, thoir belief, and their conscience were on tho side of Christianity, and they were only waiting for that opportunity and that crisis which would enable thom to take that final step into "the glorious liberty of the children of God." And the way was preparing for this, especially through tho agency of their great educational system. The light was spreading amongst the higher classes, and this was exhibited in various ways, particularly in tho Brahma Soinaj, which was a great reaction against Hiiiditisni produood by t')P spread, of Chris- tian light. The «tombera qf the B,rahn)a Somaj, or society of tho worshippers of the ono true God under the name of Brahma, had given up idolatry ' and declared against it. There was this difference I between Hindu deists and English dciats-the former wore approaching the light, and the latter were going from it; and now, when thia educational 8ystetn was developing and assisting in clearing | away tho rubbish of three thousand years, tho greatest possible responsibility rested on the Church to bo faithful to that crisis., If the Church did not send men of tho right stamp, with sufficient brains, and education, anti breadth of sympathy and power to guido mid control it, Hindu deism might pass the i light, and go back jnto darkness and settle down in another phase of character. (Applause. ) They had not only had a great spiritual awakening, but also a i great number of converts, who had come out from w10 mags and avowed their attachment to Christian- ity, mid many missionaries in India, in the north- west provinces and in the south, had had tho happiness of baptising numbers of converts. The rov. lecturer thou instanced one or two touching illustrations of the strength of the attachment of soiiio of the Hindu students to Christianity and their instructors, tho missionaries. Ho said that before leaving Bangalore, in 1861, after four years in tho educational work as the principal of the Affiliated College there, he was much attached to a class, tho students of which hail, tinder his instruc- tion, prosecuted very earnestly their studies of tho Bible. When he was leaving they would como to his houso day after day, and he could see what was in thoir heart to say. Some of them had burst into tears and said, " Wo ought to become Christians, but if wo do wo shall brille our fathers' groy hairs to tho gr.wo, mid what shall wo do?" Ottostudeut, who had originally como to bim a wild, troublesome Hindu boy, became aorioua under the instruction he received, and was evoutually one of tho most successful students in his class. Ha had one of tho worst fathers ho (tho speaker) hod ever known. Because of his attachment to Christianity tho young man was turned out of his father's house, and had to livo in a public charitable institution until tho lecturer gave him a scholarship in connection with the college Tho cruelty of his father brought on a fever, when the Hindu priests were called in to charm it away. He lay on his sick bed with his Biblo under his pillow, and Mr. Hitteheon heard that tho young man died praying to Jesus. There wore hundreds of Hindu youths who wero crushed beforo thoy could confesa Christ, and they passed away to tho skies undeclared disciples of Jesus. Tho rev. gentleman related auothor instance in which a Hindu youth evidenced almost to the death _ his great and sincere attachment to his Christian cateoltist, and he was now boing educated tn minister in holy things amongst his own people. With respect to mission success in India he nood only Bay that in Ceylon, Burmah, and India, forming tho great Eastern Empire, thoy had succeeded in taking out of the mossed of Hinduism no fowor than 280,000 of a Christian community. (Applause,) During his first ten yoars' stay in India five societios alono baptised and introduced into tho Christian Church moro than 30,000 now converts, and they said that no part of the mission field could present moro tangible, moro glorious, or perhaps greater success in the aggrogate than that ho hail mentioned. (Cheers.) But thoy had still a 'higher fiold for thoir labour. Thoy hail thou- sands in their schools who might becomo alda men in the Christian service ; thoy had 2,000 ovangoliats, and catcchiats aiding the mission work by standing i\p in tho streets, and lanes, and market places and declaring in their own tonguo " The truth, as it is in Jostts," and thoy had a noblo army of about 230 of porhaps tho best native ministers to bo found in any country. He had tho pleasure soon after ho wont to India of beginning tho training of one who became one of their most promising ministers, and never did he (tho speaker) fool mora satisfied that ho hod dono something for ludia than when ho heard that young man preach to his own people. Thoy romaiitcd apparently spell- bound by his eloquence, and when ho had concluded thoy said in thoir native tonguo (which the rev. gentleman repeated), "You take our breath away ; wo cannot get a word in." He should never forgot a meeting hold two days bofore ho caine away, when the speakers were a nativo minister and threo nativo catcchists. Never did bo liston to more beautiful, more intelligent, or more appropriate addresses than woro delivered by those mon ou that occasion, whon advocating, tho cause of Christ amidst their own people, to tho number of 500,000, congregated in tho groat city of Madras. (Applause.) Tho rov. lecturer observed that ho would say ono or two words boforo concluding. Hu hod, ho said, only ono object in coming to speak to thom to-iiight.aud it was this. Ho could not impose the task upon him- self simply to gratify thom by giving information about India which thoy might gloan olsowhci-o. His simulo objoct to-night was a direct missionary | ono. lie would say that Christianity was a groat j missionary work, and Jesus wob tho world's great I' missionary. Christianity was a roligion for tho world-it was designed for ovory nation and ovory kingdom, and tho great missionary causo was | necessary to tho existence mid the spiritual lifo of ovory Christian Church. (Hear, hoar.) Ho did not at all wonder that Christ lookod down from his immortal throno, and lifted his rod in anger, and swept Christian nations and Churches from tho face of tho earth, bocauso thoy had allowed thoir spiritual life and powor to dio out by forgetting the missionary obaraotor of tho Church. Nothing but tho grout missionary coubo presented an object sufficiently grand to call forth tho energies of tho Christian Church ; nothing elsa was sufficient in inognitiido and in glory to awaken gonulue, universal sympathy ann charity, to crush and keep down human selfishness, and lead mon to a noble career and noble action. Ho would say that the Church which was wanting in mis- sionary spirit was wanting in spiritual lifo, and was wanting in its highest and truest sympathy with Christianity. Another idea ho would like to leave was this-that the great missionary work was still necessary to keep before the Church the divine character of Christianity. She was still the little Israel going up to toko possession of the promised land ; and her forces, looked at from the human sido, must look small in proportion to tho conquests to bo secured. But Joshua and Calob must go and spy out tho land, and the battle would require to bo directed against tho Amontes, and Og, king of Bashan, would haye to bo subdued. Thoy would liavo to smite the waters of Joidan with the mantle of Elijah, and bring down the walls of Joricho. Tho missionary cause was necessary to koop the 'great career of tho Church boforo lier ; and nothing would keep it beforo her like the missionary work, and the triumph of Christ's cause in the midst of great heathen nations. India had a special claim on every part of the British Empire. God took it out of the hands of the Mahometans, the Portuguese, the Dutch, and the French, and gave it to Great Britain, not for the selfish purpose that the East may pour her grand, accumulating wealth into the lap of Great Britain, that she may sit down in easo and luxury and enjoy them, but that she may deliver the nation from the anarohy, superstition, and idolatry which have existed for three thousand years, and" bring it back to God, fit it for self government,'and leave it in the hands of Christ. (Cheers.) God never bestowed a greater gift on any nation than to carry out a design in pure benevolence, arid in love to Christ, and to do this would be a urowning glory in the pages of English history. When he saw Great Britain rising up in majesty and in Christian .sympathy tp liberate, the thousands of heathens in the West Indies, ho saw her copying tho true spirit of the Church in- augurated whon the Holy Ghost said at Antioch, "Separate mo Barnabas and Saul." (Cheers.) Ho was humbled, and they would excuso his saying so, when he looked over the contributions to tho mission fund, and saw tho small amount of support given it in these colonies. He found that the mission cause was losing its popularity in these coloides ; the meetings were empty, and the missionaries were discouraged. If thoy hod any regard for Christian lifo and Christian growth ; if they had any regard for the development of their new country, thoy should not forget tho mission cause. It was Christ's cause, and whilst the wail of nearly nine hundred millions of heathens was rising up, tho man pr Woman who refused to, give, nqt morely thq pittance of a shilling or half-a-crown a year, but who wore not satisfied to make a sacrifice of personal comfort, to aid in bringing these heathens to Christ, how could thoy appear before tho feet of Christ at the day of judgment ? Ho would loavo thoso remarks before them, and trusted that in Hobart Town, and in all tho colonies, the truo missionary spirit would never die, but would be porpetuated to the lost generation. The rev. gentleman then resumed his soat amidst loud long and continued applause. The Rev. J. S ron IK moved a vote of thanks to tho lecturer for tho address to which thoy had just listened, which was so vivid, so powerful, so full, and at tho same time so truthful, so hopeful and cheering. The rev. gentleman referred to the re- sponsibility which rested on the people of tho British Empire in respect tq India, which had heel) the scone of labour of many of the most able missionaries of tho various Christian denominations. The Very Rev. tho Dean- of Sr. Dayw'* in seconding tho motion, would merely ronpnd thom of the burning remarks with whioh the rev. lecturer closed his address, reminding them of their respon- sibility. The motion was carried by'acclamation. Tho Rev. Mr. Uutciieok in acknowledging the compliment conveyed to him by tho chairmau, said he felt that tho vote of thanks was an expression of true sympathy, not with himself only, but with those noble men in India, representatives of the Churches of England and Scotland, who were worthy of their confidence and of their sym- pathy. Ho thcrcforo gladly accepted this ex {iression of their confidence in the great cause, te had been trying feebly to represent, and he sin ooroly hopqd that when l¡e went baak te these great masses of people, gratified with his visit to Tasmania, ho should sec by the records of tho Missionary Society, that from the Baptists, Inde- pendents, Wesleyans, and other denominations in Hobart Town, gifte worthy of such a cause, and of which he should not be ashamed. On tho motion of the Rev. C. A. Ogilvie, a voto of thanks was passed to tho chairman, and tho proceedings terminated. 