: -i\l\\\ Ml&GMLLANEOtis;^ ?'.?''? CniCEBi!;;H:.3i.s.a;.GBio;V.; UifivEBsiDr; iEniiv^if'. -r— A ccickJifc match ; was 'played on] thesAssociatioa's ground-; Hobart Tdwnvi ijhle.'iJt&rctn;'y,' says; on: Monday: betwdea qlevea 'officers. aS'i H.MJ.SjS-. ? Clio: and an eleven',1.) composed- almost, exolusisely of sraduates.of iTniTeraities. The weather was very/ unsettledi: throughout, the days' and; as; a! consoquenoe the: attendanco- wais mbteuially affected;, although, a aiumber: of l'adios- viaited tKej'groundidnringtho1 after-r noon;. The ? Utrivbusitys men were very niuohiOPeB-matohod, and-thoigame rosultedi in.an:easyivictor.yin'onoi innings- fbri tho naval officers.! Tho former went -first). 'to - theiwickets,:butthe^ bowling of Leo'1 and Smythev-togBther! with- Trery smart, fiold ingiofiithdiGlibi eleven; generally; proved? tooimutihifortlieTilniYbrsitygontlomen1; and thcirilast wicketi foil- for- the smalli total of 44,1 His Bxeelloncy. the ? Governor1 made1, thoitop. score! witihj 13-- noi other playea reached.:doublec: figures. ; The Clio eleven, thenvcommencod their innings, whichlter:-1 minated'ft-r,'ll'3, of w«hich- Mackenzie,mado 30\. The University men displayed; great want- ofi practicodn fielding;, but tbs bow ling/ of SkinneB,i Lyoa,. and Shcpli'ard- Tpas: remarkably : good:; In. their 2nd! innings th'a;' University men: were - equally unforj tunate as*in thbi first, scoring1 only 5.6, r6fi whioh! the KeM. Mu'Euirley made 19, Mr Lyom liil (with) excellent ?play), and! the Eev. Mri'H-ndspeth,10i. The total score oEb'oth innings! was thus 100,; heinghl» less'than the- CliO'eleveii: scored in onam-i nings.i Th». return: match, will be played on. Monday inoxt. ' SirAGS anB Pishes .—On- Saturday la,st as Mr &. Gfl'erjn of Entally nursery' was on- the hanks', of the Soiith Esk,: he; saw: a~ bird in the net of swallowinc; a largb. fish. Ho 'shot tie; bird, and when tho fishy which -wa's three-fourths' iiitlie capa'cibiis swallow of the bird, which is call'eii; a-' shag; v;-as taken out; it proved to-be a'fino, tonplV' measluWiVg, twolvo inches^ in-length,' girfliing' seven iiibhes, and weighiiig. iwp' ; porincls. As tllere are a; great' numocSr of t^iese- birds botwebri Hadsperi1 arid; the1; Catarafci;, it^Sliows ; ho^v destrtiotive1 they' ?' must bo tir'tM fishim'ffie'se'r'it'ets. : Tflffi I(AUNGfi*ro'N AurivtMw^i Cmi ' t-EKGE-Ovr— 'This' beautiful' silfor trophy, .valued at £36varrived tioiit, Melbotirnb by^ i the-s.s» Tamnron- 18tli- iustiy and was.eic liibitod.ini one1 of the wind&wS1; of Messrs. Walch Brothors andi Blrchall on- Saturday oroning, where it was admired by all nssosi The cup is in tho form ; of two thirds of an egg, with cover. It is- sup ported on a tripod of rifles, bound by a uu'oli wreath, trndbrneathisapileioffshot. Thocov.or is surmounted by a- breech loading Armstrong field gun in. frosted silver. The cup is beautifully but. not aborately chased, and bears on.th-*sidds; three shields. On- ono the following in scription/ is engraved1 :— Launcoston Artillery1 Challeniro Cup: Gth Junej 1871. That _- is- tho. date on ' which, the club or associatioiii was formed' by Captain Har-: rap,i commandmg; the-' Launcoston Artil lery Corps; for the purpose. of 'keeping the corps frbmf disbandingy in1 order- that they might form; the nucleusof a strong, volun teorfbrcowlicnroquircd; Tho chairengo cup fundiwa? raised, by donations ani monthly subscriptions paid byi tho competitors. Tho: other two shields aro left plmii'- fbr! tho namds 06 those* wltpmay;1 from time- to time,: be winners; Q/he'cupiis mountcd-oiv ai round ebony stand,. and: is covered' with ai glass : shade- about- two foot- in- height.1 It i is nclily gilt' insido; and weighs- 36' ounces oE solid silver. The cup was ? manu factured; to !tho order'and1' im aecord'anae witli tho design of Captain Harrap by Mi'1 Edwards, ? silvorsmith, of GoUibs-stroet, Melbourne; Uieutbrianfc ? Eoid: was- tlio: first winner- of tho cupinj the'riflo^matoh, attlicibuits,' on tho Mtli.; ©ctob'eri Sbrgt; lyTafor Martini was the -niexfr' winner 'on the 18tii 'November, and againy though handi^ capped' by tori points, briJ the -16 tit' Doeem bbr; Thotooxt match comes off oiSatur dayv 3rd'iPbbrudrj-, but as.Sbrgeant-KIajor; Martipi will then be' handicapped 'to the extent of ' 15 -poiritsi it) ii» alinost impoSsiblie that'h'e sholildibeco'ni^ the; winner ' of the : cup^'thirdtimc. If 'he- sKouldv' tha^ will' docidei'the;! fate1 of tho' cup..' It will1 become^ his' boriA-'Jlde' property, 'and1 1 richly 'lib1 will deserve1' tho ? valuable' ; ilvoirlboTni ;; As'dnlliinstnictpr, ;Sergiaant7; Tajor Mai'tini* : ^by,- the'' conditionsi ??'? of': the' firineV was! handicai»pbdj 'five1 ' p&ints; ' 1 against alicorhorsj1 andi each! time lie won addodf'fivbippints mprei against1 liis:cliancb' ; of winning;.' ? The '? . contbst ' ! on- ? Saturdhy ' next i vrill,':e'onsoqueutly, bea'mostlintor; esting:pnei ?TlieiCJovernmeht'liOTing'wfth^ drawn ;all-'.aid to1 ' the i volunteers; '? Captain-1 ;lHarrap=' found!' it jiinpo'ssible,' ''undbp* thei 1 dissouragetneiit; : without-resortin^-to such'' an-inducement as' thisV to' keep', the-mo'm-' bers'i of I tho ''artillery corjis^ tog6lih.ev- ? andi banso'them -ito'-1 regularly, :; attend'! 'the! drills'; /| Ithasi answerbd' the 'bbjeoti invjew- admirabjyi ' Tho' litoiiiber'si ?' 66 : tlio- li'ann!ceston: 'Volunteer; Corps attend' 'diill1' vcry'rogularly; : andi tllpirrihstouotoic who; unclor; Captaia ? ^Kainrap;' has ? ' obarge ' iof field-iguns!,; ': liowilzbrs, small! arnisy ? awd; !ie-Vbl uttteer-BuildingsV is- indefatigb.blifli 'in instructing - them' thoroughly iiav 'the1; ;scionce pf'gtinriei'y. ; -: ' . ' ; '?' ; I'HE'MoliE'HiST^'THE^WoBSE&PKKili; ?^Oii^l^lih'inst. ai'ti'a'sson'aoir'bv'tlib b'arqub' Fugitive, from' London^ was in; suph hasto ' tb ;reaclv tb vrn.: and: transact '? some ibusiuessi ait'the' ban'lcsiitliatlheileffcithe' bdrque'i went! ashore atiNative: Point ohJthei Tamar; and came-'up'to'Launbeston byland-; ?& fine nbr«' therly breeze sprang iup shoiitly after-andi lie- b'arqub arrived; 'at the: bar;a,s: soon as1 eripassenger-reaohedltbwn. Whonhb did arrive he drew £]M-' out. oE ai bank; though', lib1 hadt ; somoi ifoUrtoett' or: fiftebri sbvereigns1 in'his1 possessibniat the tim©.' l'hon;he' tested 'tho' 'quality of! tlibCCiauni qestoii-i'lieonsed' viotuallors' liquors and1 Lrifted? 'into : dangerous company.; Abou* - o';cl6ckvad! night! hei charged Bliroe.giuls; f tho town with stealing. his: money;, hi* gold1: w-a'tohi chain,, 'andi gold pinl' Th'e irbmise^i where' the: main niissod! his' money, and' -all tho women1 theue,; were! seai^chpdiby the* poKoe, bub no-trdeb 'of :the nioneyicouldbemadie-out.' As thoiloser was-: not ?? conipeteri'ti to', maikfe'a'dafinite'. cliargo ??? against) -' any i of; the woinon they ? were released. He left his; pHrsbj con* taining. a bnn'te draft- fort £60; at' the Bolicc Station ;'btft!h«'.sen.t' for;- iii- oni Saturday;: and'in all probability: the proceeds' wouldi gb ; the'J way'; of-' the ! other- £115i: If; iilioi police : had- pow-en to dbtaihimenin c-us-1 tody: for 24' or' 4S- hours when^evideatly.' laboring1 under ' fenvporar-yr inshlniiyi as1 iii'. thiscatei the-y'coEldlisaire many fromnfuin! and'deSpair. . Accident !to- the l?AnEAiLi.a!TA.- €1jkw?s ? Bo^T;-1— An aeeidbnt'-happen'od ito' thei Ear^ ramatta JBiv-er- Growls ' boat on 17'thiiust;; ? says1 the Moreirry; by wbiah, it was1 broken right across antidshipsv where : the eedar planking* ofwhich th&shbll; of the boat is composed, was' joined.; The ? Ear ramatta Gr&whttVesineetheii;' aiiriral: here* been regarded as formidable opponents, and the- accident has called forth ' univer sal- expressions of regret. It' Pccurred as follotTse-The crew on' Tuesday roWedup to New Norfolk, and were ?? returriiugi to tovra' on the above afternooB'in company with tliei pad'dle l'iv-er stdatrier Monareh. In order to- try their/ speed1 they raiccd' with the steamer -for sWne' distance, but as they' were- turriing off in- order' to- let the steamier1 pass, the bo-w' and1 slorn; of th'e!boat1 vrerb both caught by ' tho waves castup by the stedn'ier'; and-ih this posi tion the frail c-raftiwa's- unable- to ?with- stand the; siraita;.- whielv was1 spgrbiit that she parted right across midships; only about six' ifi'oRes* of ^^ planking2 on^ onb sidfet holding together.' The crew: jumped into ; the river, and swam about till ;t-hby wero picked up hj those ou ? boards -tlic Mon arch; Captain Wise immediatel j stopping his vessel and 'ronderfrvsr prompt- assis taiiee. The crew nhd their boat; wore, safely picked up and brought' onto ? town; where the nows'of the accident causod. .general ? rogret. The boat was taken.' Irouiid to; Mr- Chandler's sKod to^ be ?re- paired, and willibb ready't^i relaunch1 in w day 6r:t-V^o-.: Tko' ore*:iiavo also tele igrapj»edv-tb' Sy.dtfeyto bW«!a-' spiro': :boa'tf Ifotiyarded' here : %; ttie -Most trip of: tho? lOityOr^ Rooatfc., -Dfeef' a*bident ;6ccurr«dt betweea New Norfolk aud Bridgewater.. ' : tP^E8pvr^iAJfi-CH.VBc.H(-1v,Eyi».ifp^i(K^ri;t* ' Accordingj tp- aanoutf ppmeflt ,-tU-h .annual ;-?? fete.totho. pupils ;o'f; tho'-. .Sabbjitlj, S.pUwl, iu ? conacction. ^ijli. thei Pr:esbytoria»j Ghurch.of Evandalo wasi given, oa IJuupst day, tho1 18th January. Tho children,;, with; their jmronts and; many stfrancer^,,, musterediin groat, numbers' m- theilit.tlo1 church, which was well filled. The Bp.v., . John' Fawns (recontly from England) presided; After- an- admirable and pointe.d ? address, well calculated,1 tQ aprcjst tho ? attention of both old and young,, Mr; JRuflri , sell requested the superintendent, (jbjiv... Kidd) to give in his report.; It was sta^cl by tho 'Warden, in the abspnqc of Mr-: ICidd;.tliat the number. on: tlio books VtraS; , 72,, that tho average attendnnca \ vfasfbori tweon 50iand GO, and that there wore. 1-- teachers. Mr Eussoll thereafter: distil- , , buted the honorary books, , whi^h;, hwibjas been in tho. habit of gi,ving to/thevtqaqliers/ ? and the dovotional sen'ices. (cpnduoljedi-by; Mr Fa was) wore concluded witli) prayer ? and praise. Tho children1,: wit& their teachers, thon- adjourned to thepgidou1 tural buildings, vrhcre au ample spread, liad; been provided for- them by thp lady, residents of the distriot; 'VVhonit'.i.s statotl , that the arrangements wero Uiftdoc the ? superintendence! of: Me Councillo-r. Bryrtu, ' 'it is needless to say that they, could- no^fc - , fail to bo successful. The nurabor q.ii, tho- ground could nob Jiave beomlcss thaii 300- ? After, indulging inj the usual : outrdopr amusompnts, tho childi'on wer-!,rorass,6Mf, bled, and; the prizes, up wards- o£CQ,we.rff.. presented- to them by Mr Puusseli in the; ^presence of tho 'Warden, the supqrintpn-, , dentofthc.school, and, the yisitprsi A, - impstenjpyablo day was spent, apd/inauy,.; wishes expressed., that : such pleasant) re- ' unions! might, bo more froq,uon.tf\i . Thet . teaehoDs of tlio Sabbath. Sciippl, tajf B.tiiiSr -. opportunity of returning their s^coifp, an4( , cordial' thanks to tho! -ladies- pfi tho,, :dis7; trict- who have soj Icindly and, libflrally. ? ;providedffor, tho;present.enter.tniamen,t.i: ?. , ; Clbmicm Changbs'. — In. consoquonpeii .; ?of the Very Boy;. W. J. Dunge . lifrvinff :rbtu»nod.tp, England iby thp -E thei,,, iaTCOtniT . ipany, with the Yccy Eev-: Bean JaagruiKe1,; ?(. [the.- Merouny says that, thsr ^ei\erabrp;; ; 'Archdenoon; Marum; of; BriglKjtoii,-, , has,; ; ?bbenJ appointed; YicarrlS- oneral,, . and' ., the, v; .'lte.v..C. iP'. 'Woods has,, bpen, appoinited,.. 'Adminiij-tratoe of St, 'Joseph's,. .itpbarfi; , .Town.. The- MosfciBev, p. J^urp.hy, U,:I-y,. , iBishop of Hobart To,w,n,.,.hfi,y;in^| b,ejeu/; ; ' chlled/su'ddenly- Jv'way,,|left for,, ^yjduBvSi.p.n.. ?i:6th,insfc.' ?:by-.tllo. City, of Hobart.H .BisJioj^, ? , .!MurphyrW:illi.pBq,baib/ly-i;etu'5ii by -the; [tripr, . laftor- noxt,..arriyiiig,at- HqbartTiOYrn.ttbput- , i thelOth. of VFebrimriy1. , ; ; ' , : ; . ,, ; ? , . / The QEBiiGiNa- Eegatta, QaEW.-tr'.. .?M'ossrs.E..'Moh^lls,fC;, Shannon, ;^ S.tea- , , 5chani, Jv, Gullin-, ther gQ«tlcr^en.'fpr:ariu^, ..\ -thc,no,w;cel«braftpd G.eelpngisegfttta.GrewV, ... i *ith Mr ? A. , Ar,thur - qmerj?o,ncy.,- . map.; 'ana? iMftsteri Si C. E'dwards-their coxsw,ain,!ajq:- ,. :riv;ed heroi.by ffib' stoa,mer! Dcuwqrtt pa ! Saturday,; en, route for Hobart., T-Qiv,n. Tijer -Ati8tralusiftii- ? states; of the : (Je.(flq.ii(gt gig. )crow! fih'at ''some, gppdi j.udgps, wiho. saw; , I them row, at- the late G-eelong[ regit^a . . prpn-ouacodi their,rpwi?ig as. unequalled ]b^; iany foiir in- Australia. Ill; fact,, it,-was; i tioldW stated by men who ought to know that wq- had! neyen seen, anythiu'g-.heriflijto, ? apptpaoh the foiun. displayed.by MB.S.irar ? ohaUi andi his/inon. Thoro Gan;bc-- no.' , doubt, whatever, abpufc it but: ijha,t the, crew are.-all they were reprasqn^ed-itp be , — sq far.iiit any rate, as rtpRoarancps/.gp. Their' swing,. is i^sfect ;, tJiere a-ro-np,bpnt «rms,-no:mfie.ting of {the; oar ;witliuthe-,bpd|y; ' ? before the stroke- is fiaished ;; the/Boadfei arothSroWH well up, and' ea?o.aud|gja.c}P: 'ff' thebackward.swiiigj are thei'ehy, pbjtaiaed, indeed, it. is/refreshing to throw. aici?itJLCp|l:,; oye over this , powerful' crp;W,, afterrall th'g:-: mqngrol- roSring, onp, se.esi.on.thfi^OTra,!' . Tho, Gieohnf Advarti&en;, s,ttys— ?-,' ThBy, row thirby-iq.uji strokes-' a-iuiniutq,;, and,: .. thoy- tucneqV'; --'outi ! for a spia; andfiKullpd ,. thi!ee: miles, w.ith the'tllerinoraeter, at oyqrtf : 90,'iaithoishadq,; atj a. grpat,p.heey , Tl'^oiju formi and: styles ha-yie been.^wTC;: anq, 'iar ?-, fbrmied by the- Atfsi'i'tvla&Iair;, tlje leading. ilopio1 of- conversatiqa, for some itina^* past.' ' Tho ^j/esitates-r-r'-' After havin:g s^pn.the Goelpng, crew,. itris; c^itRpult -tft ioiiiainq the existence p£ a biebter qncjiu, tb,o fiqlo niesi. Ctf CO.UC30-. it; is- imflos5i,&l;^'tp,,say, what. soit ;o£- mpa thp- Hbbldrt,l)ow,nJ1lpt are; but ifl they arc-bqtter than.tao, Qeqlonsr,., ?men, thev are' fi(Jf6r:an, intornatiwyit rqpp;.'' : THE-: ''YiAWMABT ISlJ^'ft ^^NTBtf ance C^vse.— Mr John Eidclte*, agedv8;V years, wlio- decided qa gpu?gj- to* gao'» on tho litlb instant,,. iaprefeBen.Ga';to..p,ayr. ing- 2eis par week for the sapwqrb of, his. yoiang wife, aged 18 years* aui son,. .was liberattfd pnJ?ridayi,'19thicfit., M»I)OTiglas: gave, notice of appeal! ae^st.the_Jemsioii. of tliejustiees, Messrs Mason and-Wpbster*. oijj the gKJuttds that it was- not inaccprdr anee with tho. ovidonqo-. and- thai; thpi suny awarded for nmintqnanpe. was , eiseessiyei, Mr Mason, 'bpuad' B ifMle in . his. . ,awn,-; :rp,- -; cognizances ? 00 £50 and. twq; sureties,-: in.-. £25 each to appear a.ud.prpseeutp^the1 :-apw_ peal at the next Cour-t: of ^qnepal Ses sioas. Ho yf.as then disohargedijfrgims cuss- -. tody,.-;. . ' '. ? -:V-. ;. . .-. ClUGEET-. — BilLA'n^T: V. T^Sja^^IA.rr-v Tho lcin&talked; of oijibkebinatch, ?Bftllarat . v. Tasmania,: sayst tho :C'W:«'». is.^My -t'S- botomo. an. aceomplished. fact at-;th,Q e,nd.of this and tho bogiunin?., of; next. . monwi. TKe.oo.mmitte«'of-the'B, C: C. have:'d-., ter-mined'to devote avOer,tniusunirtDwards defraying the' expenses of a -.-t%-. across, tho, Straits, and as certain mombprs. of tho ? clubhnvevqlunteerod. tq pay «iip«: wn,, expenses,: tho matter may b,p regarded, as-; decided upon. The first match wilVcom,- ? mence at Hobart Town, tho- day a,ftw; the ' grand regatta, aud tho second- at: Laun^, cestonjust before tho race meeting, The orioketers will have the full benefit of,the= carnival week in Tasmania. T-herevis, also.a-notibn. amongst such of the oricketr : ers as ,are also rowing- men to enter ,ai fojor.-, for ono of theracos at tho Hobart. Qfqwn ' B«gatta.' Thore-is. spmo ]-luck left in the - iold-plaeo after all. ' MESSE3. OWEBEND ANJ-- JKOBB- AT MW.I.MSBOBT.— ^fosBr- si Ovqrqnd,,. and; i.Bobb. have oqmmqrteedi theijn oont?ahfc fop: I tlio. cons,'tr.uqtiou - ofi'tho, r,etainvng;Vwal:li at the Malmsburj;' reservoir eastern.,I-j-wasttu Shebifp's Sale. — At noon on Monday, George Smith, Esq., deputy sheriff, pnr- ? suant to notice, attended at tho Court House, ?Launceston, and offered for sale' 25 acres of land in tho parish of Egremorit, and near Cullenswood. Tho land being mortgaged was hought for £5 by the plaintiff, Mr Thomas Abrahams of Frtl mouth. The Theatbe Eoyal. — Mr Bayless and Mrs Gladstano, we are informed, have engaged the Theatre Royal for a dramatic season, and may he expected to arrive with a talented company shortly. The Inteecolonial Pigeon Shooing Match at Pebth. — As this grand handi cap sweepstake match is to come off on Monday, tho 5th February, tho com mencement of tho carnival wept, tho de tails of tho arrangements for it are looked for with great interest. The assemblage at Perth to witness tho match will be larger than any other gathering there since H.E.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh, passed through. Tho handicaps for the above have been completed and can be seen on reference to our advertising columns. Acceptances are to be made good on Saturday, 3rd February. Anotheb If aval Cbicket Match. — An interesting match will be played to day, says tho Mercury o£ Monday, be tween a 'University eleven,' and an el even of the officers of H.M. 8. Clio, wickets to be pitched at 11 o'clock punc tually. We understand thatHis Excel lency the Governor has consented to play with the ' University eleven,' who 'will consist of : — His Excellency the Go vernor (Oxford), Eev. Lloyd Williams, Eev- F. Hudspeth, Bev. H. Bromby, Bev. C. H. Cope, Eev. — Furley, and Messrs. Warner, Howell, Shephard,! Jack- son, andonenotnamed. The names of the Clio eleven have not been furnished. Another list of tho 'University', eleven .,' Las been furnished us, in which the names of Messrs Eitchie, J.A. Travers, and Lyon are named, with Mr T. Sheehy umpire. . Mdlle. Coea de Lamond, the Fe male Magician. — This accomplished lady, assisted by her sister, Miss Chris tina, and by Master Walter, appeared for the first time at the Odd Fellows' Hall, Hobart Town, in her magical entertain ment on Monday evening. The Mercury says she 'has but recently arrived in the colonies from the United States, where her performances were very highly spo ken of, and .during a late engagement at the Prince of Wales Theatre, Sydney, her ability 'in the art of necromancy se cured for her general popularity. Judg i . ing from what we had read of her performances, -she is extremely dexterous m ? the execution of her varied feats of legerdemain, and in addition to the ma gical growth; of flowers, and other aston ishing performances, she introduces to her audience a very clever aerial suspension feat, in which -a beautiful young lady, resting merely on a staff, assumes differ ent attitudes in mid air, with apparent disregard to all laws of gravitation. Mdlle. de Lamond' s season will extend over six ' nights only, and will no doubt prove highly successfuL The Hobaet Town Eegatta. — At a meeting of the Regatta Committee, held ... on 19thinst., the Mercury says, the Flotilla Committee reported that they had been on . . board H.M.S. Clio, and had an interview with Commodore Stirling with a view to obtain the vessel as a flag ship, and that the Commodore had kindly acceded to the request, and had volunteered to afford the committee every assistance in his power to promote the regatta. The hon. secretary reported that he had received ? a letter from Mr A. S. Murray, of Dun robin, Casterton, Victoria, enclosing a subscription of 30s towards the regatta fund, and he was instructed to acknow ledge -it with thanks. The secretary road a letter from Mr Walter, hon. secretary of ( ' the Huon regatta, stating that subscrip tions which had been promised for that regattaihad been received after the event, and that the Huon committee had a ba lance in liand of £9 5s. .which they wished to handio the Hobart Town. Committee as a prize for a Ladies' Parse, which had lapsed when their regatta toofcplace. The honl secretary was instructed to^reply, in forming theKuon committee thatohemon ey . would be accepted on condition that it be \- .-added to tbwifirst prize in the All Comers jRace, boing a similar race to the Huon (Ladies' Purse. ' Examinations foe Law and 'Liteba ?TfUBE. — The examiners completed their Uabours on the1 ZStik instant, and the result -nsae made known, die Mercury says, next day. Messrs. Morris, Eoope, and Dodds passed in \a.v, and Messrs. Featherstone ' .andSVodshamin general literature. The1 two former served their articles with Messrs. Allport ana Eoberts, and Mr Dodds with Mr J'. W. Graves. Mr Peatherstone is under articles to.Messrs. ?Crisp -and Gill, and Mr Frodsham to Mr S. W. Westbrook. , ' ? Bicycle Eide Extraobdinaby. — Mr , Clarkson, of Mortlake, Vietoria, left Laun -ceston onfriday, 19th inert., on his bicycle the ' Wandering Star,' and, the Mereury says, arrived in Hobart Town on Slatur 4ay, having accompli shed a hundred and twenty miles' ride. When »ear the h&'lf- way house he rode over a Mack snak e, which was basking beneath tlhe rays of the setting sun, nearly severing the rep tile's head from his body. The bicycle, , with valise, weighed 46 lbs, the bicycle : alone weighs 421bs. Mr Clarkson felt no fatigue worth mentioning after his long Journey. Suicide at Hobaet Town. — On Fri day, 19thiii8t., says the Mercury, a shoe maker named James Ba&er;, aged about 30, put an end to his life by taking a dose of strychnine, obtained from Dr. Cams' dispensary under pretence that he wanted to kill a dog. The man had been living for about n fortnight in Murrry-streot, near Melville-street, but for some months previously he had been hanging about ?Green Ponds and Bagdad,' addicted to intemperance. The body was removed to the General Hospital to await the inquost, whi6h was to be held at the Bird-in-Harid, Argyle-street, on Monday morning. ?--..'.? The .' Passengee Tbaffic by the T.S.N. Company's Steamebs.— Wo are glad to find that tho Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company have mado arrange monts for running their fine steam vessels between this port and Melbourne more frequently while tho passenger traffic continues so great. The Tamar, which arrived on |Friday, loaves again at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning. Tho Der wenfc will leave Melbourne on Mon day, arrive here on Tuesday, and leave again with the English, mail at 4i o'clock on . Wednesday next, and she will leave Melbourne again Saturday, 3rd February. The Tamar will return on tho 1st and leave here on Friday, the 2nd February. She will leave Melbourne again on Monday, the 5th, and hero on Wednesday tho 7th, leaving Melbourne again on the 10th February. This will be quick work, and as great speed as it is possible for the steamers to make ; 'but it is to bo re gretted . that the rapid system was not adopted earlier in the season. If it had, the facilities for crossing tho Straits 'would have been so much increased that wo should have had a much larger num bor of Victorian visitors amongst us than wo have. People desirous of escaping from, tho heat of the land of gold are fre quently deterred from crossing to the island of rest when they find the trip must ho made in a steamer densely crowded with passengers. The greater the facilities and the lower tho fares, the larger would bo the traffic, and just in that proportion would be the advantages to the travelling public, the Steam Com pany, and the colonies. The benefits would be mutual all round. Sale op the Club Hotel. — At noon on Monday next, Messrs. Bell and West brook will sell on the premises, Brisbane street, that splendid property known as the Club Hotel. Those spacious pre mises were specially built to the order of Mr A. Thompson, on his return from California, for a first class family hotel, and for many years was the leading hotel in Launceston. Though in a central it is placed in a salubrious airy situation commanding a splendid panoramic view of the river Tamar, its banks, and the country north-eastward to Ben Lo mond. Tho Hobort Town Eoyal Mail and day coaches have run to and from tho Club Hotel for the last twelve years. When His Eoyal Highness the Dnke of Edinburgh visited Launceston in 1868, the Club Hotel was magnificently fitted up as the ' Eoyal Eesidence' of the Prince. The whole building was reno vated for that purpose and no expense was spared to make the residence fit for the reception of the sailor Prince, and his suite. The hotel is approached by a magnificent flight of steps, with a car riage-way inside the footpath, and the front is rendered very attractive by a verandah to each story, and tho shade of trees and ornamental shrubs. The Club Hotel, Club Tap, and adjoining house and land have been for convenience of purchasers divided into four lots; full particulars can be ascertained on application to Messrs. Bell and Westbrook. The splendid fur niture supplied for the reception of the Prince will be sold after the sale of the real property. It would be difficult to name a safer investment in Launceston than the purchase of tho premises known as the. Launceston Club Hotel. It is so situated that it must increase annually in value with the progress of the town. It was the favorite hotel with visitors from Victoria while it remained open, and they would flock to it again if re-opened for business. The facilities it affords to visitors travelling to and from Hobart Town on the coaches, still starting from and stopping at the Club Hotel, gives it a great advantage over other hotels. The Eace Ball. — A committee of gen tlemen has been formed for carrying out the arrangements for a race ball on Fri day, the 9th February, the day after the Tasmanian Turf Club races. The Town Hall has been engaged for the purpose, . and the arrangements have been placed in excellent hands. The Theatbe Royal.: — The new dra matic season will be commenced on Mon day week, the 5th February, when the Launceston Amateur Dramatic Club will re-produce, under distinguished patrohape, the ever-popular drama, ? ' Eoy Eoy,' with nearly the same cast of character as on the previous performance. The amateurs are also rehearsing an excellent farce for that occasion. Mr Bayless having se cured the Theatre, he will arrive here on Tuesday next with Mrs Gladstone. The company, under the management of Mr Lacnlan McGowan, will arrive here on Thursday, 1st February, and Mrs Glad stane will make her first appearance in Tasmania on Tuesday, the 6th, the Laun ceston Cup day. WU.TEEHOUSE Gold Mining Co. (Ee gistesed). — A general meeting of the shareholders in this company will be held on Monday evening at half- past 7 o'clock, in the class room. Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of receiving the balance sheet and periodical report of the di rectors and for general business. Madame Cabandini's Company. — Madame Cacandini since her last visit to (this, her native land, has made a suc cessful tour through the Sandwich and 1 Fiji Islands and California. The com pany will make their first appearance in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Thursday next, the 1st February. It comprises Madame Carandini, Miss Rosrna, Miss , Fannie, and Miss Lizzie Carandini, who have become very accom plished singers ; Mr Walter Sherwin, another well-known and highly-popular vocalist ; and Mr Henry Gordon, the great basso and descriptive vocalist, com plete tho company. Wo believe no basso who over -visited this colony was so deservedly popular as Mr Gordon. His voice is as flexible as it is powerful. Launceston Benevolent Society. — Eoturn of the number of persons relieved during the week ending Janua^' 24-tfi, 1872: — 23 men, 08 wo.men, and 194 chii. dren. ? — . ^..^ ? .__/ The ' A.U3TEALIAN Mechanic.'— We have received from MessrsWalohBrothors and Birchall a copy of tho first number of the Australian Mechanic, published at Melbourne, The number treats of ' In vention,' ' Gossiping Chapters on Spec trum Analysis,' ' The Industrial and Technological Museum,' 'Intercolonial Copyright,' ' Eider's Double-Acting Stonebreaking Machine,' ' Douglas's Apparatus for Disengaging Ships' Boats,'' ' Victorian Patent Saw,' ' The London Jcurnnl of Science on Patents,' 'Price List of Iron, Building Materials,' &c.; This is an attempt to revive the journal of the same title, commenced and edited by the late Mr Wright about twelvo years ago, and which failed, as the colony was not then iu a settled condition. The proprietors of tho resuscitated journal have determined to make this attempt to lay the foundation of a permanent mechanic and scientific journal for tho Australias, and judging from tho number before us, we believe their efforts will bo crowned with success. In their compre hensive programme they say: — 'Every possible effort will be mado to oncourago the establishment of schools of design throughout tho Australian colonies ; and it will bo the aim of the promoters of this journal to assist in creating a community of skilled, thoughtful, and intellectual art-workmen in contradistinction to tho mere human mechanical drudge.' Feee Sittings in Eeality. — A cor respondent of the Argus mentions as a fact not generally known to the crowds that assemble at the doors of some of our fashionable Anglican churches, ' in waiting to be shown to a scat,' that, directly tho clergyman pro nounces the first word of the ser vice, but not until then, every unoccupied sitting in the building is absolutely free, and may be entered upon by any person who pleases to take possession of them, and may be lawfully occupied by them without let or hindrance during the re mainder of the service, provided they conduct themselves with propriety. This freedom of sittings (says tho Australa sian) is provided in clause 39 of tho Trus tees and Vestries Act, passed by tho Church Assembly at its last session in October, 1871. Copies of tho Act, which came into operation on the first Decem ber last, can be obtained at the Bishop's Eegistry. Baptist Chapel, Constitution Hill. — On Sunday morning, the 14th instant, the friends who usually meet at the above mentioned chapel met at the sheep-wasa belonging to John Palmer, sen., Esq., for the purpose of witnessing the administra tion of baptism by immersion. The pro ceedings commenced by singing a hymn. Mr Hodgman then read Acts viii. and engaged in prayer. After singing another hymn, Mr Jones of Hobart Town preached from John i. 25. ' Why baptisest thou then?' The preacher touched upon the points of infant baptism, which he denied had any scriptural authority ; of belie vers baptism which he contended was en joined by scripture, and of tho exclusive right of ordained ministers to baptise, arguing that from the fact of Peter com manding those, who had received the Holy Ghost, to be baptised Acts x. 47. & 48., there was no scriptural authority for the exclusive right of ordained ministers to administer the rite. The sermon ended, a hymn was given out, and \vhilo the con gregation wero singing it, Mr G-. H. Wing summoned tho candidates to prepare themselves for entering the water. Two tents were . improvised — one for the molesand one for the females. All being ready, Mr Jones then addressed the candidates in a short speech ; after which he asked each if he or she believed in Jesus Christ, and was answered in tho affirmative. Ho then ongaged in prayer and entered the pool, and as each can didate went into the water he said — ' Upon your profession of faith, my sister (or brother), I baptise thee in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost — Amen,' and plunged him (her) just beneath1 the surface. There wore two male and two female candidates. The united ages of the two men and one of the females amounted to 217 years, all three of them being over 70 years of age. The other was a young woman of not more than 30. There must have been about two hundred persons present to witness the solemn scene. The adminis tration of the ordinance itself occupied but a very few minutes. The benediction having been pronounced, Mr Hodgman expressed, publicly, the thanks of himself and friends to John Palmer, sen.,- Esq., for his kindness in granting tho use of the pool, and permission to cross his land to get to it. Mr Palmer also lent one, and Mr Atkins one, of the cloths of which the tents were made. Mr Hodgman also : publicly thanked the assemblage for the ordely way in wliich they had conducted them selves. Ho had been told that some in tended to disturb them, but he was very glad to be able to say that he never saw a more orderly assemblage anywhere. — Communicated. Launceston and Westebn Eailway, Speical Tbains. — During the three days' races of the TasmaDian Turf Club on the 6th, 7th, and 8th February, tho usual mid-day trains which now leave Deloraine at 12.10 and Launceston at 12.30 will not run, but in lieu of these a special train will leave Deloraine daily, at 9.30 arriv ing at Launceston afc 11.40 a.m. The down special train in the evening, will leave Launceston at 7 and arrive at Delo raine at 9.25 p.m. The morning and evening mail trains will continue as usual. BlBD AND TAYLOE's AmEE.TCAN ClBCUS. — This company are now performing at Ballarat, and we understand tlit? managers intend to make another tour thnough_ the interior of the continent prior to re- -visiting Launceston. The Ballaeat Cbicket Club Te.au.— The gentlemen forming tho cripkoting team from the Ballarat Club arrived' by the Tamar on Thursday and were received hr a deputation of Launceston cricketers. Tho Ballarat men proceeded on to Hobart ( iTown by the mail the same night. Intkbcolonial Pigeon Shooting— Gkand Handicap Sweepstake Match. — A meeting of the,, committee; was held on Saturday evening, at Mr. Russell's, Perth, for the purpose of receiving tho nominations for tho above match, when 19 entries wore recoived, including only one from Victoria, viz., that of Mr Thomas Grimwood, which, however, was unani mously rejected by tho committee in consequonco of sevoral of tho shooters declining to nominato if either of tho seven competitors in the lato intercolonial match wore allowed to enter, unless the dispute about stakes was first . cleared up. We append a list of tho entries, from which it will bo seen that all tho cracks intend put ting in an appearance. We, howovor, regret to miss such names as those of Messrs. Moore, Swift, Tattcrsall, Binney, Tabart, Lord, Snookes, and Eobortson, as also many shooters from tho south (Mr Eeid, of Bothwell, being tho only southern repi'esentativo) ; butas the committee have wisely determined to admit any nomina tion bearing tho post-mark of 20th Janu ary, wo aro yet in hopes of seeing some, if not all, of these gentlemen amongst the shooters. It was also determiried by tho committeo to admit a post entry on the day of shooting, provided that all the shooters then agreed, and that such entry stand at scratch, viz., 26 yards. We understand that Mr Eusscll is making great preparations for ensuring every com fort to tho shooters and visitors, and also making every convenient arrangement for tho shooting. Cards of the entry and handicap will bo printed and sold on the ground, so that every one will have a chance of recognising the shooter by his name and number. Definito and special conditions for the match were also arranged, which will bo read over before the match is commenced, and which will be strictly carried out. The birds pro vided aro of the best quality, and a very interesting match may bo confidently anticipated. The entries are to be sub- , nutted to the handicapper, Mr S. A. Hall, to-day, and the result of his handiwork will be published on Wednesday, 24th instant. The following are tho entries: — Gerald Griffin, Deloraine ; Thos. Giblin, Cleveland; W. Eussell, Perth; John Nixon, Hagley : Samuel Taylor, West bury ; George Cox. Longford ; Alex. Reid, Bothwell ; Thos. B. Clarke, Camp bell Town; W. H. Vallentine, Fingal; Richard Chugg, Brcadalbano ; Philip Davis, Fingal; David Whitchurch, Perth ; Daniel Smith, Campbell Town ; Thomas Tuek, Nile ; Geo. Gaylor, Macquarie ; Jas. Eose, Corra Linn ; Henry Hume, Evandale ; W. Harris, Longford ; Thos. Grimwood (rejected), Melbourne. The Public Libeaey. — A meeting was held in the old committee-room, Town. Hall, Hobart Town, the Mercury says, on Tuesday evening of persons who habitu ally- frequent tho Public Library, to con sider what steps should be taken to secure the augmentation of the Librarian's sa lary, and the increased efficiency of the library. Mr P. Turner was called upon to preside, and after the Eev. J. Stories on the part of tho conveners, had stated the reasons for the meeting, which had reference to the salary of the Librarian, the convenience of the reading room, and the means of keeping the books in order, ilso certain information as to the money ivailablo for the library, and what was actually required, a number of resolutions were passed to the effect that the City Council should be petitioned to undertake the expense of a provision for the porma nent supply of newspapers and periodi cals for the reading room ; that the Go vernment should be applied to for a grant for the purchase of books for the library, and the preserving of books in proper re pair, as the library was not municipal but public property ; and also to provide for an increase of salary to tho Librarian. A. deputation was appointed to wait on the Colonial ? Treasurer and other mem bers of the Government, and also on the Mayor and Aldermen, to submit the re solutions, and with authority to prepare and submit any necessary memorial or memorials. The deputation to consist of Messrs Turner, Castray, J.McC. Browne, Coionel Bell, E. Ivey, Mitchell, and the Rev. J. Storie. The Tasmanian ' Catholic Standabd.' — We hayo received tho. January num ber of this monthly publication. It con tains much interesting matter, including a denial on high authority that tho cele brated speech of Bishop Strossmayer was ever delivered, or anything like it in the Vatican Council. The Eight Eev. Dr. Croke on this subject, writing to the New Zealand Eveninq Star, says : — ' I sat in the Council as Bishop for a short time, and acted as' theologian in the Council during all its liveliest discussions, and I do hereby most unequivocally declare, on my word of honour, that Bishop Stross mayer never delivered flic speech, nor anything like it, to which the anti-Catholic Press of these coloniesis striving to give currency. So far as he is concerned, it is a tissue of injurious falsehoods ; theolo gically speaking, it contains a series of propositions long since formally con dem?ied ; and were Bishop Strossmayer known to hold anyone, or all of them, he would not be suffered to sit for even an hour amongst the assembled Prelates of the Church. The Church of Eome admits of no compromises, fears no opposition, never lowers her standard in front of any foe ; and if Bishop Strossmayer had dared to say in Council what your paper reports him to have said, his See would now bo in possession of another, and himself reckoned amongst those who had made shipwreck of the faith.' The Suicide at Hobaet Town. — Mr Tarleton held an inquest on Monday, the Mercury says, on the shoemaker, James Baker, whoso death was caused by taking strychnine on the 19th inst. Dr Cams and other witnesses were examined, and the jury returned a verdict of died by strych nine-poisoning, .while in a state of tempo rary insanity. ... ' ' ' '! ?', Anoth.ee Bubglaby in Livebpool- j Stbeet.— On Tuesday morning, at about j half-past two o'clock, says the Mercury, private watchman Johnson saw a man issue from tho cellar grating in front of Mr Henry Ward's shop, Liverpool- street, I between Elizabeth and Market-streets. ) and run away. Mr Johnson rang the belT ; at Mr Ward's to giyo the alarm, and just . j at tho time one of the city constables, and | shortly afterwards a second, appeared, - and gave chase to tho man, who ran up the i street and turned into Watch'orn- street, j where ho was lost sight of. On Mr Ward' being called he came downstairs, and dis covered that the burglar had made his way through tho grating to the cellar, and' j thence upstairs to tho shop, tho till of which had been wrenched open with a chisel,_ and nearly £35 stoleD in money,, including a lot of silver put away for an, intended payment on Tuesday. It is sup posed tho thief expected to be ablo to get out by the shop door, but Mr Ward had | taken tho key of that with him upstairs the previous night; but for this probably ho would have got off unobserved. In the i pursuit the constables nearly got hold of tho man, who tripped, and dropped a quantity of tho silver from his pocket. Yesterday morninga chisel, evidently also dropped by tho runaway, was found in. i the street, and taken to tho detectives. ', It is said several other gratings wero tried i during tho night. It was by the grating that some one entered the premises of Mr G. Arnold, the baker, on the opposite side of Liverpool-street, a week or ten days i ago. Shopkeepers will no doubt takej|tho- !. precaution to have their gratings pad- j locked inside, and bo extra watchful \ against tho bad characters who are ready ? to victimise tho unwary. ; The Melboubne Gas Company.— A general meeting of the shareholders of tho City of Melbourne Gas and. Coko Company was held on Tuesday for the- ! purpose of receiving the report of tho directors and the financial statement for the half year ending 31st December, 1871. Mr Thomas Moubroy, chairman of direc tors, presided. The chairman, in moving tho adoption of tho report and balance sheet, said he thought ho might fairly congratulate tho shareholders upon what he might call a moderately successful half-year's work. They did not profess to have done anything wonderful. The- - ordinary work of the manufacture of gas had been carried on as economically as possible, consistently with supplying a ; superior light, a light superior m quality ; to that supplied by any gas company in almost any part of the world. The share- I holders would see by the report that it had been considered advisable to reduce : the price of gas to 10s per 1,000ft. The company were not so selfish as to wish j to make an undue profit out of the public, but 8 per cent.- dividend was not out of the way when it was remembered that for several years the shareholders had: received nothing for the capital they had' ^ invested. T'EimiNATION OF THE P. & O. CojM pany's Mail Conteact. — The English, mail which arrived here, says the Argus,. per s.s. Bangalore has brought a despatch to His Excellency the Governor from Lord Kimberley, Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to the intimation given by - the Victorian Government in. September last that it proposed to retire from its mail contract with the P. and O.. Company at the en_d of two years from that time. Accordingly, Lord Kimber ley wrote, on November -30,. 1871, to state , that the Imperial postal authorities have notified to the P. and O. Company that, their contract for Victorian mails will terminate on September 31, 1873. The Chief Justiceship. — Letters have been received from Sir Valentine Flem ing, says the Mercury, intimating that he proposes leaving London for Hobarb Town by tho March mail. He may accordingly bo expected here in May, immediately after wliich it is likely Sir Francis Smith . will depart for England on the leave of absence obtained. Madame Escott and Me Squiees in Italy. — Letters have been received by tho mail just arrived from Madame Es cott and Mr Squires. They were travel-. ? ling in Italy, says the Argus, and in a letter dated Villa d'Este, on the Lake of Como, Madame Escott, describing the; loveliness of the. situation, says, — 'It is Sunday morning, and I hear the bells, scent the breezes, and for the moment my eyes dwell on a luxurious landscape of purple and gold, lakes and mountains.' The travellers had passed through. Hol land, Germany, and Switzerland, and were contemplating spending Christmas in Eome. Madame Escott always speaks of Victoria in terms of affection. Fish in the Deewent. — All doubt of the thorough acclimatisatioruof the brown trout is at end (the Mercury says). On Monday night there were to be seen in the shop of that ardent disciple of Izaak Walton, Mr Weaver, such a basket of ' fish, the produce of his own hook, as has never before been seen in Hobart Town.. Besides some smaller trout there were six weighing together upwards of 301bs — as one of these weighed onljr 2pbs the other five weighed 281bs. Of these one, in most beautiful condition, weighed 8lb- IOqzs. These trout were the produce of one day's fishing in the Derwent from 11 a.m., and of the next day's up to that hour. Change in Time of Closing the: English Mail.— In consequence of an alteration in the time of sailing of the E.M.S.S. Nubia from Sydney, the closing, of the outgoing English Mail has been postponed from 6 p.m. to-day, to 1*30 p.m. on Wednesday next. Me Chisholm Anstey at Calcutta. — ? We understand that Mr Chisholm Anstey has arrived in this city to conduct tho appeal case of Ameer Khan which will be heard on Wednesday next before the Chief Justice, the Hon. Mr Louis Jack son and another Judge, not yet named, a the. Appelate High Court.— Indian ? Jkirror, JSfov. 27. ']' . .'..'. 