CHAPTER IV. AN IDOL BBOKEN. Welly Frere was married in September, and for six months her life was a dream of happi ness. She was one of those women who are given to lean implicitly on the judgment and strength of the men they love. It was not natural for her to argue about anything that Harry did. Given a particular line of con duct on his part, she followed it—ergo, it must he right. She was not a strong minded woman nor a very clever woman; hut she was warm-hearted and affectionate, seeking in all things to know her duty, and to do it as thoroughly as lay in her power. And one of the wifely duties she most firmly believed in was unquestioning obe dience—or, to give it a milder name, acqui escence in her husband's will. The well known lines of Milton found an echo in her heart— " He was for God, and she for God in him." Yet' withal she had distinct perceptions of the difference between right and wrong, and when her heart began to stir from the blindness of that first dream of love, certain questions began to present themselves to her which gave her great pain. Just because it was her nature to trust so utterly, the dimmest vision of a doubt rising to cloud the horizon of her love was to her a source of exquisite suffering. And as the months crept on she became aware that there were some elements in her household which she could scarcely help doubting the perfect propriety of. She had formed to herself, as girls are apt to do, a pure ideal of the priesthood, no severer perhaps than St. Paul's, but difficult to attain in this the nineteenth century of the Church. Her ideal priest was a man pure almost to severity, given much to high thought, and full of noble purposes—a man who was solitary rather than social in his habits, only admitting her, his other self, to his retirement. I do not think that this ideal priest of Nelly's would have been the most pleasant person in the world to deal with, had she succeeded in finding him. He would have been too cold, too utterly self-contained and self-reliant, too intolerant of the feelings common to poor humanity. And how it was that she managed to idolize Harry Belford as she did before she became his wife, and for the first month of their married life, it is very difficult to understand. It was not, in truth, the real man whom she had loved, full of faults, of virtues, of con tradictions, as he was; but an idol of her own making, more perfect than any man who ever walked on this commonplace earth. It was a long time before she suffered doubt to creep into her heart. She could scarcely help noticing that the man she had married possessed a very peculiar nature— a temperament, perhaps, worse fitted than any other would have been to fill rightly the office of the ministry. For Harry Belford had in his character that blot which has been the ruin of so many noble souls. Above every other earthly thing—better than wife, or profession, or high standing—he loved pleasure. He loved those other things dearly, because they were good in them selves, and so ministered to his happiness; but pleasure was his idol, and for it his soul hungered and thirsted. To be soothed by sweet music, shene on by soft lights, to hear about him the sparkle of brilliant repartee, this was what delighted him more than anything else could, and to this intense yearning of his for happiness much of his sin must be attributed, and not to the grosser elements which lead coarser natures into wrong-doing. To Nelly it was anguish even to imagine that anything could be dearer to her husband than his holy calling, and she put such thoughts from her as treason. But there came a day when her eyes were opened, all too bitterly. She had been ailing for some weeks, and when two or three of her hus band's College friends came to pay him a visit, she made her weak health an excuse for retiring early, and left them to spend the evening together. The manse of Beechton was as sweet a place as any one could wish to live in. It stood at the end of the quaint picturesque village, which nestled among the green bills beside its bright little river. On each side of the road which led to it were great beeches, which spread their branches over the way, making a living arch of greenness. The house faced the road, but was separated from it by a tall, thick, very old yew hedge,' which atoned for its sombre summer colouring by keeping green all winter. The interior of the manse was old-fashioned, but spacious and thoroughly comfortable, with its wide oak staircase and large, rather low-roofed rooms. All its most pleasant windows looked towards the back, into a large garden full of fruit-trees, which doped down till it reached the river side. It was very beautiful in spring, when the -trees were laden with pink and white blossom, and through their branches was seen the river as it glittered in the sun. On this May evening, when Nelly Belford sat at her window in the twilight, and looked at the apple-blossom and the spring flowers, and smelt their faint sweet fragrance, the beanty and peace of everything about her acted on her sensitive temperament like a spell of calm. m "What a beautiful home I have," she thought gratefully; " what a good, true hus band. How happy I am! What have I ever done that God should give me so much glad ness?" And then she whispered a verse out of one of the Psalms to herself— " Unto me verily the lines In pleasant places fell, And the inheritance I got In beauty doth excel." She sat there till the twilight deepened into darkness, and a young crescent moon rose slowly above the hills, and a few stars hung trembling in the blue overhead. Then she shut the window, and, lighting her lamp, she began to read. It was a volume of " Kennilworth" that she was in the middle of. She could never look at the book after wards without a memory of pain stinging her; but for two or three hours the sorrows of poor Amy Bobsart held her so entranced that she failed to notice how the night was wearing on. At last the little clock on the mantelshelf chimed twelve, and she shut the book and leaned wearily back on the sofa. She wished Harry would come. She was tired and lonely, and wanted to be soothed and talked to. She went to the window, and, opening it again, leaned out to breathe the cool air. How calm the'night was; scarcely a breath crept among the apple-blossoms, which were exhaling their fragrance so deliciously, though every now and then a few white petals fluttered down and fell noiselessly on the turf. The pale light of the young moon shone on the garden, where the apple-trees stood like still white-robed ghosts and shimmered faintly on the river beyond, of which she could hear the pleasant gurgle. Suddenly the window of the dining room, which was just below her, was thrown open, and a burst of noisy laughter broke on the stillness. Then there was a sound of voices loud and coarse, then a bit of chorus sung very much out of tune, and stopped abruptly with another burst of noisy laughter. Kelly shivered and drew down her window instantly. Those sounds seemed to her terribly out of harmony with the beauty of night and starlight. She trembled, she scarcely knew why; something had jarred on that sensitive, nervous system of hers and produced a discord. She took up her book again, but it was impossible to fix her atten tion on it any longer. She kept straining her ears to catch those sounds, which she knew would produce a thrill of pain; but the house was a well-built one, and no echo of the voices below reached her ear. Another hour passed slowly away, and then another; and just as the clock struck the quarter-past two the dining - room door opened, and she heard the gentlemen come into the hall. Their tones seemed louder than ever to her ears, made morbidly acute by long watching. Could that be Harry's voice? Surely it had a strange ring in it, which she never remembered to have heard before. It must he because of her hearing it so late at night, she thought, when every thing else about the house was so quiet, and when her hearing was so unnaturally sharp. Then he came into the room, and she started forward to meet him with a glad ex clamation, "Oh, Harry, I am so glad you have come. I have been wearying so much." She stopped suddenly. There was a look on his face which she had never seen there before, and whicb made her heart stand still with terror. He spoke to her, and his words came faster than usual, though the utterance of them was thick and indistinct. A horrible fear that this was not her hus band, but some dreadful creature in his likeness, took possession of her for an instant, and then she knew with a bitter pang that it was indeed he, though an evil thing had entered into him and disfigured his beauty, and made him seem like a stranger to her. How she shrank from his touch, and loathed his caresses! What a wild desire she felt to fly from him out into the quiet night, and hide her anguish in some dark place where she might lie down and die! He was heavy and stupid, and soon sunk into a deep sleep. But Kelly lay with wide wild eyes all night long, till lie sweet spring dawn stole softly into the room. Then she slept; hut her idol was shattered and her dream broken, to he restored to her never, ah! never more. 