CITY POLICE COURT. Friday, 19th January. (Before the Mayor, Mr. Abbott, and Mr. Con- nelly, J.Ps.) MIXOR OFFENCES.- Arthur Petrie whs charged with'furious'drMrig iii Mitchell- street. Ilie pofico dul not wish to press .the charge, and the defendant wis discharged with; a caution. * John- Rainsbury was charged vnth obstructing the street with a fruit-stall, and lie was fined, os. Defendant said he was a , sick man,"alid . could' not paythe money. . Sophia Bircliall was fined 5s., for a similar, offence. Alexander .Munro, Phillip Bowman, and Edward. Frost,:, three young lads, were enlarged with driving on the public footpath; They were discharged with a cautipn as this was their first offence. ..... , .. . FALSE PRETENCES.-William H. C. Bailey was charged vrith iobtaining, money under-' false pre tences.; Mr. Brown appeared for the prisoner anil applied for a remand of the case, as lie had not ?time to get up the defence.., Detective Alexander objected to a remand as lie Had all the witnesses for the Crown in' attendance. The Mayor said the prisoner had already been remanded from "Wednes day, and surely he had. had time to get up his defence. Sir. Brown said he' had' witnesses in Melbourne; who would,lifcv4 tobe summoned to at teud.. -He iissured.the Bench that tliere. was noth ing against the prisoner, and that , when he pro duced the evidence for the defence the charge would all vanish iinto'. thin air.' i Detectiv'e'xUexan dcr withdrew his objection, but be remarked that there were three changes, against the prisoner/.. The : prisonei-JWas then remanded fori'a week; bail" being allowed in two. sureties,,;of.-; £50 each,- and: the -prisoner in £100. .in '.-' ' 'i ALLEGED DISORDERLY, HousE:T-2sMson'A/Gard ner was,charged,.witli .nUowing i disorderly .-persons to assemble on' his licensed premises in William son-street. Mr., Motteram, prosecuted, and rMr. M'Cormick defended: .A' witnessinamed Wallace was c^ed by ilr.- ilptteram. but.he turned out to be an exceptionally, hostije wiIness.'; -He, nevertheless, admitted that on,the.evening in question (12th January) there were some disorderly: characters in' the hotel, ibut thoy were kicked out as soonas pos sible. t in crbss-exaniinatipii by-Mn: Motteram he said there was a'largo. number .of women and young girls'in the house, butthey wore all very respectable, there beiiig aball jield there that night; &Ir; Motteram hinted::.tliat. some of,"Best'sinolf' wero in tlie -hotel;'the witness, however, denied this, and said all present were respectablepersons."Henry "Val Iance was called,;and he"also was'a hostile .witness, and gave similar ,evidence, as" the la'st/' Constable - Bradley deposed thathe visit cd;the.llouseat about . four o'clock in the.morning, and on:entering: one of the rooms he saw,a';uumber .of young girls sitting iu the dart , Tha bench held that the'cUarge had* -not been sustained;a)id dismissed the case. : STIIUDWIC'K ..v. STBUDWICK.-In this case- Mr. -Wrixon applied to have the s are ties-relieved from .their, responsibility as they.,-\vere appreliensivo that "the1 defendant;,would.do violence to'his wife and ithat their rmoney.,would:-be: jeopardised;?- In sup-', port ,of tlie 'application ho cited Addison on h.,.Tbrts,"but, thp;ilayqrheld;Uiat.that law.-dill not' -apply to this c.ise. . 1JIr,iMottrain pointed out' that ? Mr.' M'Xaclilan,r Pi M. ,- had i frequently/refused to: graitsuch MI .application. ! Mr., Wrixonjnsked.-if: ^his^ppliration could not: be grantcd'-Vh'at wiolild: liecome of" the wbll kuown'maxim-of Jawj"«5i \;W' ibi i'djiiet/tii, :: There:..was ,Mremedy> for every i wrong in aUjsases,, jind. surely, tlicro SvivS one iri'this1 where tlie sureties wero afraid the defendant was . .going to violato his'.l)pnd;,ana thus endanger-tlieir! money, andyvherq ros ;a -matter ,of-' course they wanted'to be reiieyed-.of; their responsiljility and ' surrender the defendaut into - the hands of the cwurt.; The Jlayp.r^regrettod the ihabiliiy' of tho bencli'to grant tlio request..; : :; > :, ' ', \--VAGItA^CV.-Alice Kerneglian and' Mary Teagub' w;cre char^ell by, Inspector- Drought with having no lawful visible jheans of:? support. Mr; Motteram appeared for ,thejpiispners; and asked for-'a remand till next week as he;'was not reaily. with his defence.: ..The inspector stated ,that lielhad jseven" witnesses': for the prosecution in court, and lie. objected-to a jremand in consequcnce. Mr. "Motti-am said the ; charges against his clients were very, trumpery ones and as for Mrs. Tcague he did.not.know how the' . charge against her could be sustained as . she was si married woman, and was in receipt of remittances from her husband who was ;in-New-Zealand;! Tlie; defendants,wero remanded for a: week.- ' ; ? ! , SLY GBOC-SELLixciii^-iMaximiliah Cote-was; .ch'argeil, on the information of- Henry .^Vatsori, \\\\-ith' ' selling wino without having: a licence., ''Mr. "Mot?' -teram for. the prosecution,' and 'Mr. ltymerfor the defence... The'informant; de])osedrthatj'oil the' Stli' January, he wentto Benson's A read t:,-'."where tlie defendant kept 'a' shop.He .entered' the shop, ! asked for,wine,"ami was sQrved 'with ifc, for which the iiioney wasipaiiL'i LaSwis.se, a foreigner, gave corroborative1 .evidence. .7 Constable'Barry deposed that tlie defendant had'applied :for a'licence at the licensing mectingjiandi was:refused^ !like all other applicants for licences,-to "sell in the Arciule. Mr. Rymer, for the defence;-sAid: the'liquidsupplied to the informant'was not colonial winc^ but a mixture which was very 'sweetinnd palatable; and a delicious compound. Charles Divers,'in thb defendant's employ, swore that the mixture supplied to the informant was ;not ,\yine.; ;lt did not contain any fermented prspmtuons.liqupr,, nor did it contain : any product 6t;theVgrap,e. .iJIr.: Motteram asked what the liquor.did'contain?Mr.;Rymer objected to the question. :Thai,was a secret which the de fendant wbuld'nof disclose,, as if itbecime known ; others would go and'make^the same thing, and take away his triads "Witness reFused to tell what the article was composed of. . This was, the case for the defenci ,The .Mayor, did not adjudicate in this case. Mr."Abbott said the /3iench were of opinion that tlie defendant had not proved.it was not wine, when'two witnesses iad; sworn that it was. The ''defeiidaut'wai'.therefore 'filled 1.5. ? Henr)- Alljssiii V**' charged with selling beer in liis _premises.,atr Bridge- street without having a licenc(^r M>:|^>;i-ix.ou appeared for the defendant. THpsame'twbjinformers gave evidence that they jha'd been served vrith beer by the defendant. .For ;the'defence it was.1 shown that no nioney was paid !for the drmks.;.;,The,defendant was fined L5, and '^rderedjto pay tho costs.-; Mr. Wrixon gave notice' i'of'appeal." ..-,.1 : : '-' , '"A'SSADM.-Henry Dare was charged ^vith assault . irig J. 'Aniess;. -Sir. Motteram ? appeared for the de fence, and Sir. M'Cormick for the prosecution. Mr. .M'Cormick in opening-1he- case said a most dastardly assault had been committed by tlie defendant, and he asked the bench,to make it a caution to him. The case lyas not likely to rest in this court; in all probability A civil- -act-ion Would bs the ultimatum. Complainant and his wife were called, and their evidence showed that on tlie evening' of .Monday last the defendant came to their house near Quarry Hill,' and because his wife was there he hail a row with Alness, at whom lie rushed, and struck several times in a most, violent manner with some iron in strument. Dr. II. Boyd, who examined the pro.-e outor, pronounced the wounds which he had sus tained as beiiig very s-.-vere. if not dangerous. He had lost a ht'-ge amount of blood; and it was said lie bad been struck with a h.unmer on the head by de fendant. Mr. Motteram addressed the bench for the defence, pointing out the p:-cnliar dilemma in which he and defendant was placed, prevented from calling witnesses, lie mired that there was great provocation 011 the part of the complainant; at the same time he did not menu to say that that was any jusiiticatioii for an assault. In 'face of the fact that tlie complainant intended not to let the case rest here, but to seek damages in -a higher court, be asked the h.-nch to Take a lenient and merciful view of the present charge. Tlie mayor s:it 1 there was no doubt the assault in this case was moscunwarrantable, nothing was more reprehensible than for one man to come to the private bouse of another, and tlu-ie assault him, as the. defendant had in this instance. The defendant was lined i'o, and ordered to pay £'"2 2-. costs. THE BORDER DUTIES.-A strange mistake ap- | pears to have been mado by the New South \\\ ales | Government in the interpretation of one clause of the Chief Secretary's despatch relative to the bor der customs duties, they having forwarded a tele gram to ^r. DulTy inquiring whether tlie collection of the duties was to he left solely to the New South Wales oilicials. A telegram was at once sent l,.uk declining such a piece ef disinterested friend ship. and announcing that the Victorian Customs authorities would also attend at the Murray stations and check the collection. Since that nothing further has passed between the two Governments I 011 the subject.-Age, TRAFFIC MANAGER OF THE Raimvats.-XO suc cessor to Mr. "\V. M. Feholi, Who bus retired from the post of traffic malinger of the Victorian Rail ways iu order to join a private firm, has yet been appointed. The applications from candidates are numerous. It appears to be understood that the appointment will be conferred on Mr. Anderson, who has long filled the position next h: low that of traffic manager.-Argus. RAILWAY EXTENSION.-It has been decided by the Minister of Railways that the whole of the four surveys for the proposed new lines of railways shall bo proceeded with simultaneously, in order that the work may be expedited. In addition to this, so that some definite idea may be obtained of tlie comparative cost of the construction of broad and narrow gauge lines, it lias been decided that tenders slialPbe called for the construction of the Ballarat and Ararat and Castlemaine and Mary borough lines of, Railway on both the broad and narrow gauge systems.-Age. 'r:~SCDDEX. DEATH.- A very sudden death occurred at the Spencer-street Railway Station or.i Thursday. A man who was suffering from disease of the heart was about going to "Williamstown in the train, when he suddenly expired. The body was taken to the hospital, at which institution lie had been a patient, but his name had not been ascertained up to last night. An inquest will be held.-Aiinif. '.TUB DIPHTHERIA COMMISSION.-Appearances in dicate that the Government will have some diffi culty in forming a diphtheria commission. Two prominent members of the proposed board have already declined to act, and rumour mentions the name of another gentleman as being likely to join in the retrograde movement. We decline to believe that the appearance of a homoeopathic physician 011. the scene has had anything to do with the present scare. , To suppose that our medical practitioners are sis, startled by the presence of Dr. Gunst at the commission board us Macbeth was hv lianquo's ' stalwart ghost at the banquet table, is to casta "reflection ttpoli those; gentlemen which we trust is undeserved. 'The probability is that a mi-tako was made in the selection of some of the names in the . first instance. They are those of gentleman who have, written on the subject, arrived at certain con clusions, and acted upon them : and they may naturally feel that they would occupy a false posi tion were theyto prescribe one way as practitioners and recommend another course as Royal Commis sioners!. What the Government, f,«?.. the country, Vant, is a clear-headed body of gentlemen capable "of mastering the subject, and not deeply committed to any particular set of views, who will take the evidence of the experts and sum it up, and let the public know where tlie doctors agree and where they disagree, and what they can all recommend people to do 'in an emergency. A commission of that class ought to be obtainable.-Telcpmph. CENTENARIANS.-There is now living at Lost :witliiel, in Cornwall, of which neighborhood she has been an inhabitant all her life, an old lady named Mary Arthur, who has not only entered on tlie second century of her existence, but had the smallpox T. hundred years ago. She has been all her;life in comparatively comfortable and easy cir cumstances; and her parents before her were well known iu the place. The following extracts from the registers of Lostwithiel l.ave been copied and sent to itis by a clergyman, for the purpose of proving that she was born upwards of a hundred years-since :-(I.) Register of the baptism of Mrs. Mary Arthur, widow, of Lostwithiel, Cornwall; receutly copied by the Incumbent of St. Clements', near Truro and Lostwithiel, from tlie register of that parish,-" Mary, the duaghter of Thomas and Ann Shear, baptized January the '25th, 1772, aged ? II months."' (2.) Marriage certificate, as copied by tho Rev. J. Bower, Vicar of Lostwithiel, from the parish register,-" Nicholas Arthur, of this parish, 'cordwainer, and Mary Shear, of this parish, spinster, were married in this church by bans this twenty sixth day of November, in the year one thousand :seven hundredand ninety two, by me, Jno. Baron, Vicar.-;-.This marriage was solemnized.between us, /Nicholas Arthur and Mary Shear, in tlie presence otiWilliaih \Vestlake and Thomas Hodge." Our correspondent, a Cornisli clergyman, writes : - "My mother, iiow.S2 years of age, remembers Mrs. Arthur as an old married woman when she was her , self a girl of IS. She has retired from business for .many- years. She still is in possession of all her faculties, is able to read, walks about without as sistance, and is scarcely at all deaf; in fact, she considers herself superior in strength and activity ito many of her neighbors who are 10 or 12 years younger than herself. She had smallpox when quite an infant, just a hundred years since." An extraordinary case of longevity is reported from Chesterfield. Mrs. Mary Wheclhouse, relict of a former tradesman belonging to Nottingham, died at Barlborough.near Chesterfield, in the 103rd year of borage. . This age, it is said, can be verified by .the parish records. Although the deceased had 'almost entirely lost her sight- during the last two or three years, her health in other respects was re markably good to the close of her life.-Times. 