THE ENGLISH MAIL. Thebudget of news for this month which " the P. & O. and A. S. N. Companies ' steamers have made such speed to deliver at its destination presents many interesting bat . Sew sensational features. To South Aus tralia by far the most startling item is that So be found in our latetelgramB that copper Ss depressed, and that prices have receded In £98 a ton. So far as we can judge ibis decline is a pure piece of perversity on She part of the market, or of those who bear sole over it, for according to statistics and the prospects of the trade rates instead of 'falling should be on the increase. In one sense the intelligence is not to be regretted, for it will repress that tendency towards unhealthy speculation which uas been in course of 'rapid development in the -colony; but on the other hand it may, ' a greater extent than is at all j ustified by -She foots, have the effect of discouraging legitimate mining enterprise. As a sort ■'•of set-off to the unfavourable news re •Opecting this staple, it will be noted that 4he demand for wool is brisk, and that She private purchases made have all Been at satisfactory prices. Tallow, too, frima been in good request; and although the splendid harvest prospects in England and "France have slightly moderated the tone of ihe bread stuffs market, South Australia wheat is still able to command from 60s. to 61s. a -quarter. . It will be some satisfaction to the. ■ Australian Colonies to learn that the position -t>f the fracture in the cable between Tort Darwin and Java has been discovered. So for from being in the neighbourhood of Ban joe wan gi, as we have been led to sup pose, the breakdown appears to have taken place almost within North Australian Waters—a Circumstance which renders it «11 the more singular that the agents *vf the Company should have neglected So pay the authorities at Palinersten the -compliment of making them acquainted with She nature of the interruption. It is evident Shut the repairers have been seriously ob structed in their operations, if not by the prevalence of monsoons at all eventB by the -character of the sea bottom over which their Search has extended. The idea of the cable Being deposited thioughont its entire length •upon a muddy bed seems to have been •exploded. No hint is given as the time likely to be spent in restoring communica tion, bat poBsrbly the Government may have Special information upon this point. The few facts which we publish elsewhere -go to support the propriety of esta blishing a temporary steam service between Port Darwin and Java rather than other Wise. It will be noticed that the reports of -gold discoveries in tlie Northern Territory, "which must long ere this have reached England, have not perceptibly influenced She Northern Australian Company. The Directors still counsel the prosecution of the Bait against the Government to the bitter •end, and the shareholders upon whose behalf Shey are acting applaud their implacable resolution. The current -history of events in the . United Kingdom furnishes much food for Inflection. The labour movements through out England are as vigorous as ever, and it is difficult to foresee what the end of them vrill.be. A peace has been patched up between She * builders and carpenters and their masters, but the ranks of malcontents are ftieing kept constantly filled. Postmen, cab men, carriers, railway porters, and many -other orders of workmen have joined in the ^Strikes, and interfered more or less seriously with the ordinary relations of employers and -employed. Similar contests in France, .Belgium, and Germany have called forth the interposition of the State, mid recalcitrant labourers have been unceremoniously lirought to reason by the strong arm of the military. But the wages difficulty is (not the only social question that is perplex ing the wise men of Great Britain. The -agitation on the subject of the retail prices of meat is expanding far and wide, and -causing bloodless insurrections in scores of parishes. The stock-breeders and butchers being inexorable in their demands for high rates, a sort of lock-out has in many places been -organized, and Australian beef and mutton is fcemg resorted to to keep up the courage of the greatly aggrieved consumers. Moreover we learn that the coal famine is becoming more and snore formidable, an all-round increase of 10s. \- a ton for coals being reported. One Railway Company has begun to draw its supplies (from Belgium, and several others have resolved upon raising their fares to com pensate them for the increased cost of victualling their steam horses. In politics -one of the most significant movements of the day is the establishment of a new Association having a singularly com prehensive and liberal programme. The -new organization has already brought together various discordant elements of the ^democratic type, and is not unlikely to giecome a power in the State. The Glad stone Government have contrived to -struggle through the session, and (to carry with them at least half a •dozen of their most important measures. Amongst these may be enumerated the Ballot, Mines Regulation, Licensing, Army Reform, Scotch Education, and Health of ITowns Bills. The Ministry have massacred a host of hapless innocents, the ghosts of TVrhich will haunt them during the recess, and give them trouble upon the reassem bling of Parliament. In the Royal Speech -at the prorogation special allusion was made to the tranquil and prosperous State of Ireland—an allusion which, to say the least of it, was premature so far as the tranquillity was concerned, for we -find that before the end of August violent ■disturbances took place in Belfast, resulting 5n a great destruction of property and the loss of Beveral-lives. Later telegrams report She partial restoration of order, bnt the latest makes the ominous and somewhat mysterious announcement that the Riot Act iiad had to be proclaimed in Belfast. These riots appear to have nothing in common Willi the effigy - burning tumults fol lowing upon Judge Keogn's deliverances respecting the Galway election.. It will be observed that the Government have sided with His Honor in reference to that affair, and have ordered the prosecution of twenty-three of the ecclesiastics who par ticipated in the disgraceful proceedings so trenchantly denounced by him. The Alabama affair has now narrowed Itself down into a very small compass. So near to a final settlement has the question 2>een brought that Mr. Gladstone has begun to exult in anticipation over the Geneva judgment as a triumph for international arbitration. It is believed that England will, after all, be let off upon payment of three _ or four - million sterling. On the Continent peace reigns, and there is every prospect of its being con tinuous. A meeting has just taken place fcetween the Emperors of Germany, Russia, and Austria, but the idea of its boding evil to Europe is repudiated. Even France is Satisfied that it has no hostile significance. 