AN INDIANA GHOST- SBS0,1\ [From the Lafayette -for.. Cfcwto'.] Since the advent of the Lafayette spooks, and the ghastly quadrille at the scene of the railroad, slaughter in Laurninio, the people of Shelbw township have been in a high state of excitement, all the more, that George King, a reputable city men, solemnly avers he saw and talked, with, White Wolf one night last winter on the banks of Pine Creek, between Montmorency and Oxford. It has been noticed that people have not been about as much as usual, and they do say that a leading physician of the town, who is matrimonially inclined, and desperately en- amoured of an estimable lady in the neighbourhood, has almost entirely discontinued evening visits to his charmer. He consoles himself with an afternoon call, or an afternoon drive, but never ventures out at night since the ghosts are about One night last week the excitement culminated in a tragedy, which, considered in the light of its unfortunate and fatal termination, is to be deeply regretted. A young man employed on the farm of George W. South worth had been considerably exercised about ghosts, and had very foolishly armed himself with a revolver. His sleeping apartment was an old shop about fifteen rods south of the house. About mid- night the sleeping inmates of the dwelling were aroused by a pistol shot and loud cries for help in the direction of the shop where the hired man slept. Mingled with the cry for help was the meaning of some poor creature in agony. Mr. Southworth fastened in that direction, and was met at the door by the hired man, a picture of horror, who still had his pistol in hand, cocked and ready for another shot. Mr. Southworth I advanced without hesitation, and, confronting the terror-stricken man, asked an explanation of the shot and the disturbance. "I have been a ghost, and shot it," was the response. " I saw it through the window and fired,'' he continued. Mr. Southworth procured a light, and patted behind the house, found the nocturnal visitor shot through the back, and evidently dying. It - was a Greeley calf late genuine Chappaqtift short-horn, sired by Colonel Temple of nine celebrated " Deceiver " (Jack knows "Deceiver is a short-horn, because he saved them tiff him,. self.) Southworth was perfectly enraged, and discharged the man the next day, and made him pay 9d. for the calf ! He didn't care to have a spookist shooting around his house after night in that sort of style. He has made up his mind to vote for Greeley, and, as a Democrat, heavenly little to live for but he don't want to go in that way at least until after the election. The ghost shooting at Southworth's it all the talk in Shelby. 