MEN OF THE AGE. A SERIES OF BIOGRAPHIES WRITTEN EX PRESSLY FOR THIS JOURNAL. Charles Lever. THB) last monthly mail from England brought intelligence of the decease of Mr. Charles James Lever, the author of the tale -which has recently appeared in the columns of this journal, "The Kearneys of Kilgobbin." The end of the tale was presented to our readers since the date at which the author came to the end of his career in this world. The accom panying portrait, and some notice of the life of the writer who has contributed so much to the entertainment of the public, will doubtless be regarded with interest at the present time. Charles James Lever was born m Dublin, in the year 1S09. His father was an architect. He himself having in his early days manifested an inclination and a capacity for scientific pursuits, was induced to choose the Medical profession; and after leaving school entered Trinity College, Cambridge, with a view to qualify himself for that calling. After taking his degree at Cambridge, he went to the Con tinent and studied medicine in the University of Gottingen. There also he succeeded in obtaining a degree in medicine. Shortly after the completion of his studies, when the cholera broke out in Ireland, he obtained an appoint ment under the Government as Medical Super intendent of a large and populous district inclu ding the city of Londonderry, and the towns of Newton, Limavady, and Coleraine. His energy vigilance, and skill, commended him to the high opinion of the authorities ; and after the cholera had passed away he was appointed physician to the British Legation at Brussels. "Whilst enjoying the abundant leisure which this position secured to him, he turned his recollections of Irish life to account by writing his first tale-" Harry Lorrequer." He had observed his countrymen during a period of unusual alarm and distress, amidst which the irrepressible humour, the lively affections, and the laughable weaknesses of Irish character were the more remarkable. He has not spared them. In his earlier tales, one may trace the influence of the painfully exceptional circumstances of his sojourn in the district of Londonderry. Irish eccentricities are exaggerated to suit the purposes of a comic writer. In his late productions he has done more ample justice to those qualities of the Irish soul that lie beneath the surface. The success of "Harry Lorrequer' encouraged him to continue his literary labours m the same direction. His next tale was " Charles O'Malley ;" then at no long intervals followed " Jack Hinton," " Our Mess," " The O'Donog hue," " St. Patrick's Eve," " Roland Cashel," "The Knight of Gwynne," "The Daltons," "The Dodd Family Abroad," and "Arthur O'Leary." He also published anonymously " The Diary of Horace Templeton," " Con Cregan the Irish Gil Blas," " One of them," " Barrington," " Luttrell of Arran," " A Day's Ride," and " Sir Brooke Fosbroke." At a later period he published "Irish Military Life," which was illustrated by Mr. Hablot Browne. In the year 1842 Lever entered upon a new kind of undertaking, the editorship of the Dublin University Magazine. This work he carried on for four yenrs. And the record of his views in that periodical on public questions of historical interest enables us to exhibit the political views of the novelist, of whose in ventive genius our readers have already had ample illustration. As editor of the Dublin University Magazine he ably supported Con servative views on the eventful course of Irish affairs. The chief efforts of the Conservative party were in those days directed against O'Connell, and the Whigs, who, notwith standing a few outbursts of the great orator's passionate denunciation against them, were linked with O'Connell by mutual good services. Lever had no patience, either with O'Connell or his allies, Lord John Rus sell and other leading Whigs. He blamed Sir Robert Peel for being too patient with the agitator. When at last Sir Robert Peel inter posed the authority of the Government to put a stop to the Repeal demonstrations, the Magazine applauded him for his decision, and sarcastically praised the new-born moderation of O'Connell. .' To our minds," wrote Lever, " Mr. O'Connell never in his whole life acted with more consummate prudence and dex terity than he is acting at present. What is his case? He had by a series of energetic demonstrations worked an excitable people up to the very point of insurrection. Whether he commenced with any decided determination to carry matters so very far, it is beside our present object to pronounce. But undoubt edly a spirit had been generated which was rapidly obtaining the mastery over the popular mind, and which, when the proclamation for preventing the Clontarf meeting was issued, was all but uncontrollable. Against that spirit evoked by himself he had to struggle ; and he has as yet been able to remand it to the place from whence it came. He now found that he had calculated erroneously on the passiveness of Government, and, upon the effect of the bullying system upon Sir Robert Peel. The ininister, though quiet, was not unwary ; and whilst to most men he appeared criminally indifferent to the action of the seditious classes whicli were rending the empire asunder, he was only biding his time, with a predetermination to come swoop upon the agitator, when that per onage had clearly passed all limits of consti tutional forbearance, and when the real char CHARLES LEVEJß. acter and objects of the agitation were so manifest that a man who ran might read them. Well, the proper time at length arrived ; the blow was struck; repeal agitation was sud denly brought to a dead lock ; and the incen diary found that he must either retreat from his former position or advance upon hostile bayonets. Can it be doubted that he wisely resolved to adopt the less heroic alterna tive ? . . . . The true play of the great dissembler now was, to assume the char acter of the moderate man, to ap pear under the guise of an apostle of peace; to deprecate all violence, and wrath and eviL speaking against the Government ; and to pre sent, as far as it was possible so to do, an aspect of meek and injured innocence to the nation at large, which might beget further sympathy, instead of blundering ferocity which would only provoke indignation." While taking up decidedly the Tory view of Irish affairs, and thus making himself obnoxi ous to a large proportion of his fellow-country men, Lever showed himself a fair and merciful opponent. He did not disparage the grandeur of the Repeal movement. The following de scription might even be read with pride and gratification by Repealers ; and to all parties is now a record of historic interest :-" Wher ever, for months, Mr. O'Connell moved, the spring tide of population flowed and ebbed with all the regularity of gravitation. It was not a movement of the surface, stormy and therefore transitory; but the stirring of the depths, the very quietness of which indicated tho pervading law,-a law that neutralized in mobs their instinct of riot, and in crowds their impulse of disturbance.The drilled and bannered masses,-which moved with less than regimental regularity, but with more than military subjection, with less than the mechan ism, hut more than the unity of an army, were incapable of committing breaches of thc peace; the display of personal hatred was incompatible with the spirit of combination. The soldier of repeal dared not to fall out of rank to commit an assault or com mence an affray ; a warden with his wand was there to stifle the solitary emotions of transitory anger, or the settled purpose of factious revenge." j One more extract on Irish politics will , show that the Conservative opponent of j O'Connell was not without humane con- ¡ sideration for thc sufferings of his < countrymen. In April, 18-jVi, he wrote in ! favour of generous dealings towards the Irish I people. The patronising generosity of the ! Tory party might well seem more offensive , to Irishmen than the measured concessions in \ the direction of equal rights recommended by j English Whigs and Radicals. And since the : liberal policy of tho Gladstone Administration has become a fact in the history of Irelaud, both the Tory compassion and the Whig con cessions of thirty years ago bear quite an anti quated aspect. But tho sentiments expressed by Lever in 1S-14 must be judged by the standard of the time. By " we" of course he means the Conservative party, then headed by one of the greatest and best statesmen that ever led a party in England, Sir Robert Peel. " Our course" ho then wrote, " is an easy oue, and compromises nothing. Ton hnve been advised to buy the priests ; wo say-buy the people ; the price will not be one-tweiitiefch of the amount ; and the bargain will be an honest one on both sides. There is hunger to be fed, and nakedness to be clothed ;-try to disabuse the sufferer1 of the impression that these things can only he done by pulling down the church or dismembering the Empire. You have want j on every side. Endeavour to show its victims that a Registration Bill, or a Poor Law, or an Appropriation Clause cannot be its remedy. Open the poor man's eyes to the fact that his poverty is the stock-in-trade of selfish politi cians, and that his misery is the standing grievance on which Whiggery and Radicalism assert their claim to power. In any case, you have tried many remedies to relieve the woes of Ireland ; this at least you have not experi mented. If you succeed the victory is a great one. The restoration of the social state of the island to a condition of health is a subject pregnant with hope. Every Irishman must conceive the strongest expectations of national greatness from such a consummation." If the readers of "Harry Lorrequer," " Jack Hinton," and the "Kearneys of Kilgobbin" fail to recognise the author who has entertained them with an endless variety of pictures from Irish life, in the Conservative politician of the Dublin University Magazine, they will soon find that the philosopher of that journal is iden tical with the charming novelist. As a philo sopher-of his own school-he writes of " the Nightmare." He protests against the modern Sadducean belief, that all visions of nightmare are traceable to internal physical disorder. " There is nothing elevated," he says, '' about indigestion ; it is neither saintly, nor in its unsaintliness is it sublime. In general it comes from eating too much, which is not a proceed ing of seraphic tendency, nor the first step to a movement heavenwards. And these affections of the epigastric regions are ordinarily the produce of indigestion ; wherefore the " sleep-waking" state into which they cast us-namely, that sleep of the outward and waking of the inward man, reveals to the eye of the sleeper a base neighbourhood. The nightmare docs not come up into our sphere; but we spiritually descend into his. He is there already, while we are gorging our selves ; but we are not aware of him, until the outward senses are sealed in torpor, and the inward world opens in its dim horror on the troubled eye of the soul." [Then after narra ting, without a sign of doubt, the account of some German who had a wooden peg driven by an invisible hand through his foot, fasten ing him to the floor, the author reasons thus upon the "facts."] " Was that imagination? The power of thought might have produced the hole in thc mau's foot ; but where did the wooden peg come from ? . . . . After all, is it not a frightful thought, that our own soul can people its environments with goblins and demons, than that some such come near it from a sphere of their own? Were it not better for me to be able to say, when moping and mewing fiends or gibbering phantoms surround me-' these subsist apart from mc-Miry have no part in me, nor I in them ;' than t< > be obliged to think, ' These are the projected aspects of my own spirit, multiplied reflections of my inner self ; they are creations of a power within nie over which I have no control ; yea, I myself am the abyss out of which they ascend, and which may yet pour them forth, myriads upon myriads, ever ghastlier, ever loathlier.' Hea- : vous! are wo .strictly speaking nothing more than portals, spiracles of thc infernal pit? . Have we within us thc true " Devil's ladder," '? thc well staircase winding down into bottom- ] less gulfs ¡md the blackness of darkness, by i which all shapes «of night, of hellish spectres, < of monstrous and malignant tilings, come and go between their world and ours ? If we will nob be afraid of ghosts, have we to not be afraid of ourselves ? To this has the March of Intellect brought us ? to come back with this message to us went thc Schoolmaster abroad P Then let such March of Intellect, say we, end in a Russisn retreat ; and as for such a School master,-the reader and I will bar him out !" The talents and services of the editor of the Dublin University Magazine did not pass without recognition by the Conservative party. After 1845 ho went to live at a castle m the Tyrol, and then spent some years in Florence. And having thus added to his other attain ments thc qualifications which residence among the Italians enabled him to cultivate, he was appointed by Earl Derby the Conservative Premier, in 1S5S, to the post of Vice-Consul at Spezzia ; and in 1867 he was transferred from that position to a moro important one at Trieste. 