THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOAH'S ARK. By Marcus Clarke. DoL—" Kay, bat listen to him, coaiin Robin—The fellow bn i homoroos strange collection of oddities. For the laying out of a tetter he will sweetly dUooone jon by the hour together. His' brain-pan iss Tery Noah's Ark—there "re ape dmeos in It of all the birds, beasts, and fishes since the crwtiw I" —The Maid of Bristol. HUMAN BEPETENDS. "Come!" cried Huston, "the story of your embodied ghost! Speak, thoa gloomy Pythagorean T "Moat ■mb," began Pontifex, "however rooghly the world has need them, can recall a period far their lives when they were abso lutely happy, when each night closed with the of new pleasures tasted, when the progress of each day was cheered by the experience of unlooked-for novelties, and when tire awakening to another dawn was a pore physical delight nnmarred by those, cankering anxieties for the fortune of the hoar which axe the burden of the poor, the ambitious, and the intriguing. To most men, also, this golden time comes, when the cares of a mother; or the coquettish attention of j sistere, aid to shield the young and eager soul from the blighting influences of worldly debaucheries. Thrice fortunate is he among us who can look back on a youth spent in -j the innocent enjoyments of the country, or I who possesses a mind moulded in its ado- \ lesoence by the cool fingers of well-man-' noted and pious women. j "My first initiation into the business of living took place under different auspices.. The only son of a rich widower, who lived. but for the gratification of a literary and political ambition, 1 was thrown when still a boy into the society of men thrioe my age, - and was tolerated as a clever impertinent in c all those witty sad wicked circles in which virtuous women, are conspicuous by their absence. My father lived indifferently in : Paris or London, and, patronised by the dandies, artists, and scribblers who form, in > both dties, the male svdrld of fashionable - idleness, I was suffered at 16 to ape the vices of CO, Indeed, so long as I was reported to be moving orfy to that set to which my fathdr chose to ally himself, he never oared, tb inquire bow lepent the extravagant allow ance which his indifference rather than his genbrojfltg permitted me to waste. Toney> frhiTadmirer dMaim WhoSe suc^^injow and play were the theme of common talk- ' six months ; tbe worshipper of artists ' " genius Wat to revoluftonise Eufope jtbey died of late hours and tobacco: the pec < Women wboee fla%gJwrnfy:tfw bdmes famous—for three years; I of " the pkwnridrjpath X had.. .. *ailr ledtoajhoepital or a debtors* that love meant money, friendship aa en dorsement on a bill, and that the rigid exercise of a profound and calculating selfishness alone rendered tolerable a life at once so deceitful and so barren. In this view of the world I was supported by those middle aged Mepbistopheles (survivors of the stormB which bad wrecked so many argosies), those cynical well-bred worshippers of Self who realise in the nineteenth centu:y that notion of the devil which was invented by the early Christians. With these good gentle men I lived, emulating their cynicism, rival ling, their sarcasms, and neutralising the supe riority which their experience gave them, by the exercise of that potentiality for present enjoy ment which is the privilege of youth. _ /'In this society I was progressing ra pidly to destruction, when an event occurred which rndely saved me. My father died suddenly, in London, and, to the astonishment of the world, left nothing. His expenditure had been large, bat as he left no debts, his income must have been proportioned to his expenses. The source of this income, however, was impos sible to discover. An examination of his banker's book showed only that large sums (always in notes or gold) had been lodged and drawn upon, but no record of specu lations or of investments could be found among his papers. My relatives stared, Bhook their heads, and insulted me with their pity. The sale of furniture, books, plate, and horses, brought enough money to pay the necessary expenses of the funeral, and leave me heir to some £800. My friends of the smoking-room and the supper-table philosophised on Monday, cashed my I.O.U.'s on Tuesday, were satirical on Wednesday, and ' cot' me on Thnrsday. My relatives said that 'something must be done, and invited me to stay at their houses until that vague substan tiality should be realised. One suggested a clerkship in the War-office, another a stool in a banking-house, while a third generously offered to use his interest at head-quarters to procure for me a commission in a marching regiment. Their offers were generously made, but then, stunned by the rude shock of sudden poverty, and with a mind debanched by a life of extrava gance and selfishness, I was iucapable of manly action. To all proposals I replied with sullen disdain, and desirous only of avoiding those who had known me in my prosperity, I avowed my resolntion of claim ing my inheritance and vanishing to Aus A young man with money and a taste fox bric-a-brac soon gathers about him a strange collection of cariosities, and at the sale of my possessions I was astonished to find how largely I had been preyed upon by Jews, print-sellers, picturedealers, and vendors of spurious antiques. The ' valuable paintings,' the curious 'relics,' the inlaid and be-jeweiled 'cams,' and the rare 'impressions of old prints were purchased by the ' trade' for a third of the price which I had paid for them, doubtless to be resold to another man of taste as artless and as extravagant as myself. Of the numberless articles which had littered my bachelor-house, I retained but some three of four of the most portable, which might serve as remembrances of a luxury I never hoped to again enjoy. Among these was a copperplate engraving, said to be one of the firat specimens of that art. The print bore the noted name of Tommaso Finiguerra, and was dated 1469. It was apparently a copy of a 'half- length'portrait of a woman dressed in the fashion of that age, and holding in her hand a spray of rue. The name of this grande dame was not given—indeed, as I need hardly Bay, the absence of anght bat the engraver's signature constituted the chief value of the print " I felt constrained to preserve this pur chase for many reasons. Not only had I, one idle day, 'discovered'it, as I imagined, on the back shelves of a print-shop, and regarded it as the prize of my artistic taste; not only had it occupied the place of honour over my mantel shelf, and been a silent witness of many scenes which yet lingered fondly in my memory; not only had I seemed to hold com munion with it when, on some lonely evening, I was left to reflect upon the barrenness of my existence, but the face possessed a charm of expression which, acknowledged by all, had become for me a positive fascination. The original must have been a woman of strange thoughts and (I fancied) of a strange history. The pose of the head was defiant, the compressed lips wore a shadowy smile of disdain, and the eyes—large, full, mid shaded by heavy ladies—seemed to look through yon and away from yon with a glance that was at once proud and timid, as thongh they con templated and dared some vague terror, of whose superior power they were conscious. We have ail, I presume, seen portraits which, by accident or design, bear upon them a startling expression, rarely seen upon the face of the original, bat which is felt to be a more trntbfnl Interpreter of character is the enforced composnre which self-control has rendered habitual. 80 with the portrait of which I speak. The unknown woman—or girl, for she did not seem to be more than tbree- and-twenty—revealed in the wonderful glance with which she had so long looked down upon me, a story of pride, of love, of shame, perhaps of sin. One could imaginn that in another instant the horror would fade from those lovely eyes, the smile return to that disdainful lip, and the delicate bosom, which now swelled with that tenor which catches the breath and quickens the pulse, would sink into its wonted peacefnlness, to rise and fall with accustomed equanimity beneath its con cealing laces. But that instant never came. The work of the artist was un changeable, and the eonl which looked ont of the windows of that lovely body still ahnddered with a foreknowledge ol the horror which it had expected four hundred tried In vain to discover the and history of this strpnge portrait The artiste ortneno! taste to whom I applied nad '"iergeen anotheroopy of the print nor eftedr fastinating^fhde had^belonged to some one, who had carried with her to burdened her" life on earth. At last hopeless of discovering the troth,! amused myself ,by speculating on what might, per hhance,h&ve; been the history of this unknown beauty. I compared her features with the de ; Cotiptionshfft tousof women famous for their sptrows.1 invented a, thousand wild tales Which might" afccount for the look of doom upon her Mr face* and at last my excited * - " induced me to believe that ^woj.akj'wiw utivur Uiverea tnan tui '^^or^re Kwho J* willing to work. I hai gto worfc,Ihayeahsolute _pr days. together.. .The homlliatic . ^^ whiph I was passed must, 1 toe be; familiar <*> many.;, Daring ' month* of my arrival I was an bottom rrrf mber of the Melbourne Clnb, the gnest ot' these officiate to whom I brought letters of in troduction, the temporary lion of South Y&rra; tea parties, and the butt of the local Punch on account of the modish cut of my pantaloons. I met men who ' knew my people," and was surprised to fini that the mention of a titled friend secured for me considerable attention among the leaders of such secondhand fashion as is boasted by the colony. In this genial I recovered my independence. Indeed, bad my social derelictions been worse than those incurred by poverty, I was assured that society conld find it in its colonial heart to forgive them alL I was Hugh Pontifex, who haa supped with the Carabas, and brought letters of introduction from Lord Crabs. Had Judas i3°v«llved auchcredentiaU South Yarra would have aubnrnized his red hair, and had him to dinner. To my surprise, instead of being cast among new faces, ami compelled to win for myself an independent reputation, I found that I was among old foends whom I had long thought dead or in ii* Cplhns'street was like pulling up the Styx. On either side I saw men who had vanished from the Upper World sooner than I. Tomkins was there to explain that queer story of the concealed ace. Jenkins talked to me for an hour concerning the Derby which ruined him. Hopkins had another wife in addition to the one whom ? Florence, while Wilkins assured me on his honour that he had married the lady with whom he bad eloped, and introduced me to her during a dinner-party at a trading magnate a The game was made in the same old fashion, only the stakes were not so high UtUecracked1 °£ the same Pattern, only a "For six months life was vastly pleasant lhen my tenn of honoraiy membership finally expired, and I left the Clnb to live at Scott's.' By and bye my money ran short I drew a bill on England, and the letter which in formed me of its payment contained a stern command to draw no mora. I went on a visit to tbe^ station of an acquaintance, and on returning to town found that my hotel bill was presented weekly I retired into cheaper lodgings, and became affiliated to a less aris tocratac club. Forced to associate with men of another set' I felt that my first friends re membered to forget me. My lampooned trowsers began to wear oat and I wondered how I could have been once so reckless in the purchase of boots. I applied to Wilkins for a loan, then to Tomkins mid to Hopkins. I found that I could not repay them, and so avoided those streets where they were to be met I dis carded gloves, and smoked a short pipe pnblicly at noonday. I removed to a public house, and talking with my creditor-land tord at night not unfrequently drank much brandy. I discovered that it is possible to be drunk before dinner. I applied for a Sl .meS8engership. a "billet" in the Civil Service; I went on the stage as a super, I went up the country as a school master, I scribbled for the newspapers. I wrote verses for the Full and Plenty eating £°J"e- I starved in 'genteel' poverty until fortune Inckily put me in the wayof prosperitv by suggesting Coacbdriving and BiOtard "■Sfcbig. Thanks to an education at a public school, a licensed youth, a taste for aPd fciety of the 'best men about London, I found myself at three-and twcnita master of two professions, driving and !SK»P^S:5 You ^ ttnderatand now that my digression conoenung pictures was necessary to convince you that afi this time I never sold the mysterious print One Sunday evening, towards the end of August, when the windy winter had not yet begun to melt into sudden and dusty spring. I was walking up Bourke-atreet You, Falx, irtio huvemadeastudyofMelboumecity.knowwbat S-SP008 the town presents on nf Sla/«w?Wng' The d.aserted barren ^aU vehicles save a passing cab, serves as a for bundreds*of servant-maids, W?ldle". while the pavement is crowded with young men and women of %e,I°*er middle class, who. under pretence of of going to chnrch, or of smoking a ' contrive to indulge their mutual propensities for social enjoyment. Those sewing-girls, who, at 6 o clock to fche evening, are to be nightly Flinders-lane orLittle Collins-street frequent these Sunday evening ^ Pride of ideau IsiaaftjBsSi melted on my lips, when, iwmfath the i3W*Aa5B,5aa aSSSSBrafasarte Mid bewildered brain, I foltowedthefieeting S2S TO down Bourke^eet Sd info Swanston-street When the corner where the To wn-hS a ?"? suddenly crossed themoon iil.atree^^and joined her. This man was SSRi bi one of those Inverness *tn»ira 1 aa°«bt of him I fancied u2!t those heavy brows, that that thin and treacherous month. The two met evidently by appoint merit, and went onwards *"ffAthf>r ftVu ^^"^d tod went boma. whJ«?1lh^ilt,da^acondIrion of mind whidi it is impossible to describe. Soatmnm oo^iddence as this had surely never h«p ^..^^befora. A woianhwhS In the year 1469; I phr toSJSS Vy J® 40 (iisoover the name of the original, and wm«tw f® ta/i the prosaic Melbourne of 1663. I ^^dfofbight to come that I might Wander fecuwUon ol ItaJS to |2£ In the atotals i cnse a reMtttfonbf I - »fcrnctlon of tiiepoorghiiiomStlu [£^7®teiy;OfMorie Kogefc for a dov or wwi. iwtp implicated to the deefbut^toe friends of the poor outcast knew^TnT^I person, and as my evidence as to summ „ man of snch appearance join th«de was in reality of little value (for I wasuv^T pelled to admit thatl had neverseen the woman before in my life, and that my glimneeS her companion was but momentary), the son. position was treated with contempt and tL * case' dismissed from the memory of ^ public. "It did not fade so easily from my mind To speak truth, indeed, I was haunted by thl, hideous thing which I had been eent ta • view' upon the coarse table of that wretched deadhouBe which then disgraced our citr The obscene and cruel fate of the unhaooi woman whose portraithad solonglookeddown upon me filled me not only with horror but with apprehension. It seemed to da as if I myself was implicated in her fate, and bound to avenge her murder. her f ortuneB, and then having found her but to lose her before a word could pass between us, appeared to give me the right te seek to know more of her. The prond queen of many a fantastic dream-revel; the sad Chatelaine of many an air-built castle;bad this portrait leapt to life beneath tn, dances as bounded to earth the nymrib from beneath the chisel of Pygmalion! Had the lest one who passed ms hi™ - • over ner nameless grave. And the her history. 'Twas no romance. nnW.r old story of a broken home and KS comfort of the stony hearted street* called romantic. She was presumed ml. been well-born—she had been a wife k husband had left her, she was beautiful ufa poor—for the rest ask Mother deals in chickens. She can wfVi0 tertaimng histories of fifty such. " At the inquest I met Wanend—vou w™ old Tom, Manton?—and he sought me o!l and took me home with him. We had twm schoolfellows; but though my taste formS* and pictures had now and then brouehti»A into his company, I had seen but littleof him He was—as we know him-kindly, tendered generous. He offered me his help. He wain good practice, and could afford to give ma shelter beneath his bachelor roof. He wrote for The Argus, knew the editor, would try to procure work for me. That meeting, Noah laid the foundation of such independence as I now claim. Shaken in health by my recent privations, and troubled in mind by the horrible and inexplicable mystery upon which I seemed to have stumbled I was for some weeks seriously ill Winmd saw that something preyed upon my upWh, and pressed me to unbosom myselt I told him the story, and produced the print " I must beg your graoe'forwhat I am about to tell you. You may regard thestory as an. worthy of credit or sneer at it as the result of a' coincidence.' It is siuqriy true, for all that. Warrend became grave. "' I have a copy of that print' said he, in a tone altogether without the pride usual in a collector. 'I think a unique copy. It is the portrait of a woman round whose life a mystery spun itself. See here.' " He opened the portfolio, and took out foe engraving. It was an exact copy of mine, bat was a proof after letters, and bote in foe Juaint characters of the time the name, EHANHE La GaIIXARDK. "I fell back upon the sofa as iflhad been 8truck in the face. The name of foe poor girl whom I had buried was Jenny Gay! 'Warrend,' said I, 'there is something nnboly about this. I met a week ago foe living original of that portrait, and now you* a man whose name re echoes that of foe Italian artist who engraved It, tell me that yon know the mystery of her life. What is it, then?—for before you speak I know I figure in the scene 1' ... .. "Wanend, or Finiguerra, took fro® foe book-shelf a little volume published by Vender Betgben, of Brussels, in 1775. and tanded it to me. It was called Ire G laOaillarde, and appeared fcobe acoUeetjon of letters. In the advertisement was a taet memoir of the woman whose moehadsoung puzzled me. I glanoed at it, and tnmd rick with nameless tenor. Jehanne laGslltede was a woman whose romantic amours mo electrified the Paris of Loufo XL She was murdered by being thrown into 4 Ail attempts to discover the muideter wew vain, bat at length a young man,"®® Hague Grandprgte. who, though to bad never seen the celebrated beauty, hsd ™^n, compelled to fly trim Fori* I shuddered, for a sodden tl^d tion Ughted up the jg^Si'SSSSSH a flash of lightning illumes todatoV thunder doud. The fsoe cloak was recalled *> mo gambling lieutenant who court-martial so notorious lure India and the snows d to Crto"£Tot scarce burned ont Or ooveredto memou his regiment's nickname. ••a. u Atillinls was toe ooi"*",. ailed to life In to wwto f non^M^d complete." 0 ^ - "Bat 'twas a mefecoincidence. afiwsl1.'' saidManton, gently: 'Too doubt thin*to 'I knohr not Buttbereare in dedmw feritbinetfe tgpftited rtpstendss Continue the generfttion of ho®' ben through aU timft yo»h*re tend* lor ever wotxrring. Gan you sjjW" «&■ mystery of numbers? Nix Neither^ I ordain to "mystery ; " %" cried Pontifex, hfolaigecye* W*™ irfto'no healthy ^ *>i fttWHarite*1 woao the leut mif place to egate ttm» It, by accident, in the sbreetS 'I^Jf ~ ~*i~' ^i^aMaSKttii-T hanys*^ 