LITERATURE. G RIP. A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY B. L. FABJEON. y ; : VOLUME IL Caambb I.— 'A Hot Day in Melbourne. "i- ' (COKTrSXJED.) Aliue ;often fed G-rif. But Grif was shrewd CTongh' to perceive that Alice was daily more unable td spare him the food she pressed upon jMid forced him to eat. One evening, when he was <n-$he midst of eating a thick slice of bread sad butter which Alice had given him, he stopped suddenly, and, looking at her, was overcome with remorw»to tfaeh thought that he was eating her meal,0 BDcould not eat any more; he placed the bread unon the table, and said, with his eyes filled with tears, that he was satisfied. From that daryyte never tasted food in her room. Often when he was hungry, often, when he had stood aboutmll the day patiently, without earning six- pen (herefraihed from going to her, and crept aupperlessto sleep. At other times he waited until <hfiknawA&£e had finished her poor meal, - and tHen, in answer to her inquiry as to whether he had -had his tea, would say that he had had a jolly good tuck-out, and would make his mouth crater by particularising what he had eaten. On this afternoon G-rif was particularly miser able. He had suffered much during the day from heat, and although he had plenty of cold water to drink, it must be admitted that that was but poor satisfaction to a hungry bey. He would have gone to his pie-Chop, but the old woman had been gathered to her fbremotheis, and the pie-shop had passed into btaer hands. Grifhad stood behind his boot -stand all the day, broiling in the sun. Ho passer-by had(been - mad enough to stay blister ing a quarter of . ah hour in the heat while his boots were being blackened. And, when evening came, it found Gife feint, and weary,, and unhappy. The tears actually welled into his eyes as the sense of his : forlorn condition came upon him. He conld nqt stand it any longer 1 He looked round, with such a sense of desolation expressed in his face, that if any humane person had noticed it, it must have touched his heart with pity. He thought nf the exhortations he had listened to, and of toegood advice which had been heaped upon' mm." " He thought of the promise he had given Mr. Blemish that he would continue to be moral,_ .Totortek that promise would not pain Grif mobh f bpt there was the pledge he had S'vento AhcfTfhe was about to be false to her.' at he "could not Btarve ; she wouldn't ask him to do that, he knew. " No, she wouldn't arks me to do that," he mutterbd. rt I'd die for her—yes, this minute. If I went" tocher now, she would give me some- thin't to eat— in course she would ! But I writ go to her; Fll starve first! She stinted herself the other night and didn't have enough to eat. beoaupe l was there. I know what I'll do. Fll go to Old Flick's, and sell my stand and brushes. He'll give me A bob for 'em, I dessay. Ally won't like it when she hears it, but I can'thelpit-Em hungry." Then the thought caine upon him that, although ho might have some right not to be moral if he pleased, he had no right to sell the stand and brushes. They were the property of the Re formatory. Bathe was stung to desperation, and he drove the thought from his mind. " I jlqn't care," he said, recklessly. " Fve been zuoraOong enough. It ain'ta bit of good. I ain't agoin3 to starve any more. If they find it out, thdfrp&am; good agubtooft all. SRwy'll we Z 4 jl . give me my grub and a blanket there, at all events, and that's what I can't get here. I s'pose I am a bad lot, and I shall never be no good. How can I be good- when I haven't got nothin' to oat?" a . A Asking this question of himsditnmpk: sternness, Grif put his stand and hrMheah|fef his arm, and wended his way towards Old Flick's Thoroughfare. J - V".U £v 4-1 v v. /4 I CHAprafia li.-— !P(>or Mm®; ' \ i When. Milly walked out; of Old Flitk's store, she walked out with thefedl determination, of re- i turning and pb&eesBing; herkelf of the letter he had received from Jim Fizey/ and which toeweB certain the old .man had not destroyed She had two reasons for her determination. One was a woman's reason — she had made up her mind to have it, and have it she would. A woman's logic is not always logical. The other reason was, that she . was convinced .there was something pe letter concerning herself. She didoptsfep to Consider whether it would be" good forhfer to read it ; it was a letter from Jim ; and read it she would. She felt hurt that he had ten the no word" since his departure. There was nothing strange in her affection for bim. She had no one 'else to love except her baby, . and: he was. its ; fetoer. He had deserted her, and still she clung to him. There is no human being in the world who is so complete an isolation as not to have a love for something1 : and the unfortunate class, to which Milly belonged is no exception to this rule, for it is capable of strong, if misguided affection. To fortify herself for her task, Milly, after she had lulled her baby to sleep, adjourned to the bar of a publichouse, where she told ho w she had " done" Old Flick, and where she spent the greater portion of the two pounds in treating her associates to drink. Having soon made herself most thoroughly and desperately drank, she set off staggering, but very earnest, to wards Old Flick's All-sorts Store. Her mind was in a dangerons state of tension. She was almost blind from the fumes of the spirits she had taken, and everything swam before her ; but she swung on wards, trolling out enatches of songs, and laughing and talking to herself incoherently. She did not ; attract much attention. A woman drunk was no novelty in that neighbourhood — indeed, her state was chronic to the locality ; and she Was allowed to proceed unmolested — some few people turning to look after her, but most avoiding her. She had not far to go, and when she arrived at her destina tion, she etaggered in at the door, and sinking into a seat, gazed confusedly about her. Brushing her hair from her face, she looked round in vain- for Old Flick. , r "Now, then, Flick," Bhe said, almost inarticu lately, " it's no use hiding away. Lord ! how my head swims ! Gome oat and give me the letter!" She waited for an answer, but received none, for Old Flick was deep in hiB drunken swoon upon the floor. , " Are you coming out, old sinner ?" she asked, looking vaguely about her. "I will have the letter — I will ! I will ! I will ! You haven't burnt it. You're not half cunning enough ; I saw your hand go to your pocket when you told me you'd, burnt it. Fll tear your hair out of your head if you don't give it to me!". — - She felt dizzy and C8nfased,and seeing a bucket filled with water in the corner, she etaggered in stinctively towards it, and, tumbling down by its side, plunged her face in it. It was deliciously cool ; she kept her face in it, until she almost lost he:- breath, and then raising the bucket, she poured the water over her head. It refreshed, if it did not sober her. A moment afterwards/ as she. seized her hair to wring the water from it, she shivered, and turned cold as ice ; and then flushed into a burning heat. Wiping her face with her dress, Milly, for the first time, observed Old Flick lying upon the floor. Her eagerness to obtain pos session of the letter appeared to desert her for a time. But presently she crept towards the prostrate . man, and feeling in his pockets, found the letter. The old man murmured some almost incoherent words, among which she heard her own name. She laughed as she heard it, and said, n Oh, you old fox ! Holy's done you, this time. Here's Jim's letter. What does he say in it?" She wiped her face again with her wet dress, and com menced eo read the letter slowly. She read to herself until she came to the last page, when she cried, " What's this ? 4 After what you have told me about Milly, I never want to loek at her face again. I didn't think she would turn informer against Jim Pizey. If ever I come across her, I'll mark her, by G — !' " She read these lines twice over, and then, letting her hands fell idly in her lap, looked before -her, bewildered. — "-He never- thought I would turn informer agiunst him !" she exclaimed, a celd shuddering taking possession of her. "Oh, Lord! What's; this feeling coming over me? Somebody 'e been telling bee to him about me. Who is it? M& split upon Jim!: Who said eo ?" She quite forgot the letter which she held tightly clutched in her hand. She threw the J∓ hair back from her forehead, and looked shudderingly round the room. Her skin was blazing, and there was an awful brilliancy in her eyes. She was burning hot, and shelplaced- her - hand upon her throbbing forehead, trying to presB out Ihe " pain ; in a little while her condition changed, and she sat still, shivering and burnt into a strange, wild laugh. " Wbat's the matter with me ?" she murmured. " I never felt like this before. Get up, Old Flick !" she said, softly, to herself, aud. with no idea of addressing the old man. " Get hp, Old Flick!" She repeated the words almost in a whisper, twenty times at least, in a wondering kind of veioe. Then she sang them over and over again, in a vacant manner. , ' "Oh, my head! my head!" she moaned, and then she commenced again singing softly to her self, her voice breaking occasionally into a kind of waiL She continued in this state for some time, and made no sign of recognition of Old Flick, when, after a series of growls, he sat up on the floor. He gazed at her with stupified amazement, and he growled as he looked down at the pool of water in whibh.he had been lying. As he raised hfe eyes, she caught his look, and introduced Ins name into the meaningless words she was paging. u Milly !" he cried, half frightened ; but she showed no consciousness of him. "She's going mad, I believe," he muttered. "Get up, Milly, ; there's a dear, and go home." But she was deaf to all his entreaties, and pre sently she began to scream. "There, Old Flick!" ahe dried. " Do you see the spiders creeping up the wall ? There they go, creeping, creeping, creeping, and now they're ' on the ceiling, looking down upon ua. Beep away— keep away !" she screamed, clutching at the old man, who, almost scared out of his senses, ' fol lowed her gaze with fear. " They'll drop down upon us! That's right, Jim! Crush '©m—smash 'em! Ugh! You can't kill 'em half qaick enough. Do you see thathig one Jeering down? That's Old Flick. Smash|iito, fim.7 Ugh! keep off ! They're dropping frbm the ceiling upon me . andAlMMWrithed upon the floor, and plucked at her hands, and shuddered and moanedidiresBfully. 4 At tius moment, Grif, with his bootefcand on bla shoulder, and his brushes under his arm, tored Ihestore. Receiving no answer to his taps tinjpbA the counter, he peeped, into the back , room, ; ahd 'saw Milly tearing madly at her dress, and- Old FHck;ipokmg on helplessly, in an. agony|;o terror. /r'-X'-v 4;'-;,:4 /44 " What's up ?" inquired Grif. 4 Old Fiick rose instantly, and he elung to Grif as though the lad were an anchor of hope. " Don't grip so hard, Flick," cried Grif, who, being feint with hunger, scarcely had strength to shake the old man. ." Milly 's mad, I think," said Old Flick. Take ficur liome, Grif— take hlr home.' , " ' " How am I to take Eer home?" Bsked Grif, looking at Milly. She had covered her face wich her hande, and was in a terrible fit of trembling. He went tp- fyer, and tried to; remove - her hands from herface, but he could not succeed. Then, ' .glancing about him, he caught sight nf a- loaf of .bread in the cupboard, the door of which was half open. There it was, the bread for which he was craving. His heart beat painfully as he saw it. ; Not even pity for the girl conld overcome his natural sensations ef hunger. The gnawing with in Was .more powerful than pity " What'll you give me if I take her away ?" fee inquired, eyeing the loaf yearningly.. "i Any thing — anything — that is, anything in reason," quavered Old Flick, qualifying his answer. " And if she ever darkens my door again," he muttered, " Fll have her dragged to the lock-np, as' sure as my name s Flick.' Man is a bargaining animal. Despite his hunger, Grif pretended to consider for a few moments. He knew that if he exhibited too much, eagerness, he'would have less chance of obtaining thefood. " I'll take her away," he said, slowly, " if you'll give me that loaf of bread" — and he moved : wist fully towards the cupboard. — "and, this tin of sardines " ; Yes— yes," assented Old Flick, eagerly, taking - the food from the cupboard. " And five bob for this stand mid set of brushes," concluded Grif, boldly. " They're not yours, '" said the old man, all his cunning intellect on the alert directly the question of barter arose. 4 ' " Never rem. mind that," said Grif; " it's not the first time yeu bought what didn't belong to- parties you bought 'em of. I won't take her away ..for less. I'm hungry now, and I shall be hungry to-morrow. I must have some tin." . "Take two and six, then, Grif," said Flick. "I'll, give you two and six. Grif shook his head. " Say four bob," he said, " and it's a bargain." Old Flick hastily produced four shillings, and gave. them. to Grif, who deposited on the table his vouchers to respectability, feeling, as he did . so/ that he had lost his character as a moral shoe- ', black, and was once more a vagrant and a thief.: The next thing Grif did was to tear a piece on tof the loaf and wolfishly devour it. . Theoretical , philanthropists might have learned a useful lesson if they had witnessed the ravenous eagerness with which Grif swallowed the stale dry bread. Old Flick was neither a theoretical nor a practical philanthropist, and he viewed the proceeding with a feeling of impatience, urging Gnf to take Milly away quickly. It w£s not a difficult task— indeed, it was so easilr accomplished, that Fiick was filled with considerable remorse at the price he had paid for it. Milly's fit was over for a while, and she' rose almost passively as Grif took her hand. She looked at-Qld- Fiick without g£cqgniBing liim ; , but she' instinctively shrank from him. " You've bem frightenin' of her," Grif said to the old man. " Fve a good mind to pitch into yon." Grif was stronger now, and having relapsed into vagrancy, felt himself at liberty to indulge his organ of ombativeness. But Old Flick, in a quavering voice, protested that he had not been saying anything to Milly to frighten her. ".She lookB as if she had been scared out of her lifej" Grif remarked. " She'a been drinking herself mad, Grif," Old Flick said, "that's what she's been doing. She'll be. all right when she's had a good sleep." Grif nodded his head, and led Milly away. She trembled violently as they walked to her poor lodgings.; and when she got to her room, she -threw herself upon the bed, and moaned and cried deliriously. She had placed the letter she stole jErpm Old Flick in the bosom of her dress, and she kept her hand over it as if to guard it. " She's orfie bad," mused Grif seating him- : self on a stool at the foot of the bed, and em ploying himself with the bread and sardines. " I wonder if she knows me. Milly !" The girl made no reply, and tossed about an the bed sobbing piteonsly. Grif. tried the experi ment of placing her baby near her ; but although -he put the child into her arms, she did not notice - it. She was- so restless that he took the baby on I his lap, and offered her a crust of hread, which, much to Gris astonishment, she grasped with her little fists and sucked at vigorously, staring con tentedly at Grif the while. But Milly's distils? drew his attmtion from the study of babv. j " Milly !" he cried again, shaking ner. and at- t tempting to raise her. " Send I may live 1 if she | ain't like a ball of fire ! And she's $ii wet, too. | What did yoa say, Milly ? Say that a?ln." 1 : "iAnd they've got hold of Dick Handheld," sb? f murmured. " Oh! what a wicked plot ' If Gnf ; knew — —but I won't tell, no; though you do j suspect me." _ "If I knew !" exclaimed Grif. " If I knew j what? She said, somethin' about Lick Hand- I fied ! WhaJ, does it all mean ? ' ; " He listened eagerly for her next words, which might give him a clue to her meaning, but Milly's fancies had (hanged. " Go home !" die raid. "Why don't I go home he asked ? What would they think of me ? Dt»ht come near mc, father ! Keep away! 37m notour MUly — she's deadlong ago—dead ! dead I dead! Do you see that sheet of water ?" and she h«Jf wee from the bed, and etolehed Grif by the shoulder. " Father's standing on toe other side. YPBafc an awful way off he a ! He looks like » ghost Does the water stretch into toa n«xt wrndd, I wonder ! There it is — miles, and mifee, and miles of it And look ! just over the hill, it flows out ofthe world, there's father sn«i mother, and they're looking at me, and cryin nnd I am sink ing down, down ! Fm cho&Bgr-take; me out ! take me out! Now Fm in my Coffin. They're nailing the cover ocoie ! DoiV shut out that fight; everything is black : now it's red. And . > Z: .X away! Ugh! I can't breathe!" and she strug gled madly with Grif, who was holding her down. It was as much as his strength could accomplish, and presently she grew calmer. " I can't leave her like this," said Grif. " She's very ill, and she'll do herself a mischief, if she ain't tookcare on. She's quiet now. Fll run and fetch a doctor." , - f Acting bn the impulra/ Grif, fir# taking thb , caiy 'esbop hard-by. happem : that km∨ at toe'Ttiviiig ' ! somejdtions Mgption. BpUna ; teGriFebWy, mid, witoopt a 4tion,ahcompaniefi.Grif lb Milly's lodgxbgs. He looked very grave as he placed his hands upon Molly's burning forehead, and felt her pulse. " How long h<m she been in this condition ?" he asked. ISedi Um|h ! V Df courfle sbe's not. Poor creature ! " So young, too, and pretty. Sad case. Sad case." , He tbokfeia pockefc-bbok fr om iis pocket and mftde a memorandum, and then observed, " If the poor girl haB any friends, tfeey' should be here. Bhc,ivanta care;and nurHing, although even they will not save her, I fear. A female friend should be with her all the night. Come with: me, boy and I will give you medicine. .. 4. In silence, Grif feUowed the doctor to toe apo- theoaiy'Bnhop, and da silence he - received toe ; 'medicine which the doctor himselF made up. ' " You can read ?1' said the doctor. ; , "i I knows some .of the. letters," replied Grif, " when they're stuck upon the wall yery large." " Ah !" mused the doctor, looking attentively at Grif. " Give her a wineglassful of this -medicine every hour ; but don't wake her to give it; if she is sleeping quietly. I will call again in the morn ingjto see how she is getting on." . 4 Is she very bad ?" inquired Grif. Yery," laconically replied the doetor. "WiU she die?' The, -doctor placed bis hands upqu GriFs shoulders, and nofcieed the boy's eyas luminous with tears./ . " Would you be sorry ?" he asked. : . 4 " Yes, sir ; very sorry. " What are you— brother, cousin, aiiy relation?" was the next question, carelessly asked. "No, sir, not as I knows on ; but she's been very kind to me." 4 Dori't stand chattering here," the doetor ex claimed, Abruptly; " go and give .the girl her medicine." 44 4 Grif was on the point of quitting the shop, when too thought occurred to him that the doctor ought to : be paid. Taking from his pocket the four shillings for which he had ssld his boot-Btand and brushes/ he placed them on the counter, imme diately beneath the doctor's nose. " What is this/for, .my lad ?" asked the doctor. . Struck with a sense of the insufficiency of the ruraimer&tion;, Graf raid, apologetically, " I ain't _gof another mag about me, sir. Fll bring you some more when l gets it." . Cunfound you, you young scamp !" exclaimed toe doctor, in a &exy; manner. " Do yon tbink I haveno hutnanifcy ? Take yonr four shillings away, a&b; here are ten more to add to them. Bun off, aba give the girl her medicine, and mind she has some one with her daring toe night;" and -he pushed toe hoy hastily out of the shop. 4 When Grif returned to Milly, he found her still lying on toe bed. He spoke to her, hot ahe did not reply to him. He was the more alarmed at this because Milly was not asleep ; her eyes Wiste staring round the room, and her cheeks were burning with an unnatural fire. He moistened her-' parched lips with water, and tried to make her - take toe medicine, but she pushed him away, fret fully, and turned from him. What's to be done ?" asked Grif ef himself in serious perplexity. " The doctor chap says 4ehe ought to have some one with her. He's a good sort, he is ! I can't get her to take her physic." Then, etruck with a sudden idea, he said, 4< Fll go and arks Ally." Without another thought he hurried to Aliee's lodgings. There was no need to entreat her help Her bonnet and shawl were on before he had concluded his story. " But she ain't a good girl, Ally," said Grif; " miiid that !" . " God help her !" said Alice. " She is in toe- more need of assistance. And the poor baby too! Come, Grif." And very soon (Kir Alice was in toe sick giil'B room, attending on her, and nursing her with a good woman's loving zeal. No thought of the difference in their social positions interfered with toe performance of what Alice deemed to be a duty. She undressed Milly, and placed her in the bed ; and, raising the poor girl'B head on her bosom, she gave her the medicine, which Milly swallowed without -resistance. Then Alice tidied up the room, and hutoed the baby to sleep by the mother's side. Bhe almost forgot her own grief in the sad spectacle before her, and toe tears came to her eves out of very pity, as she sat beside toe sick girl's bed. "Will yoa stop here all night, Ally," asked Grif, who had retired from the room, and who now entered at & signal from Alice. " Yes, until the doctor comes in the mtitoing.'' ' She's a angel, that's what she is," soliloquised Grif; retreating to a corner, and squatting him self upon toe floor, " and I'm her friend. She said so herself. I wonder if there ever any body Tarf so good as her ?" When Alice was undressing Millf observed the letter which lay concealed- to toe bosom of dress; but, unonficious of all else, the sick giri clntcheA'&ie; paper tightly in her hand, and, erabag her desire to retain it, Alice made no i effort to take it from her. Many hours passed, and still Afioe sat patiently by Milly's During torn time Milly was de lirious, and' raved and spoke words which caused Alice to shudder. But pity far toe poor giri's condition overcame every repugnant feeling, and she nuraed Hilly tenderly and gently, as if toe were, indeed, a good and virtuous, inntnarl of an erring, sister. Shortly After midnight, toe moon being nearly at ita full, Milfy. torned her eyes to Alice's face, and asked in a weak/wonder ing voice— , "Who are you?" 4 " lam your friend, Milly," replied Alio. "Do you feel better?" .. fo hetter." The words oame from her band " ' M " Give me your Alioe pfeoedher baud in Milly's, and the sito Sr!0 lt ! and to her fortoead. " Who sent you here ? ' No one, Grif told me you were SL and I ' came to nurse you." J od Qodp IOI, , \- '.j-1 exclaimed, feeling Alice's wedding ring I are married." on | " Yes." I " And you come to nurse me. Do von u. I what I(am ?" and she raised herself in the bedP I her eyes appeared to dilate with horror aJM I looked roundrtoe walls of the room 4%' 1 " Hush, my jr ! Lie down."' 4, > f I "What is BumP'' M511y cried/seizing I Tflfifegrm, andltefefebSni; violeiriiy. V Evera« froih tight. Don't let me go ! 1 dariiold me4|My heart is femting — dynM wild mmm issuing froalfefeiips, as |8E: IteMboerigftMi the bed roused'. Grif hisfT1 »! v/fxo BB emnmnrxD.j :4 