THE STORY-TELLER. THE RUBY RING. Red liue a drop of blood, or a globule of crimsoned dew from the heart of a royal rose, it glowed on Niabel Tressley's finger as the sat in the fixelightofther own curtained room, while the dusk gathered darkly round, and the white wilderness of the wintry storm howling without: only a ruby ring, a plain band of gold, with a red jewel spark!ling in its centre, yet to Mabel Treseley it meant so much-so much! A slender, fragile looking girl, with violet blue eyes ?and hair of a rich red brown, she had blossomed into beauty before she knew it, and when Mrs. 'Vernon wrote the pretty perfumed note asking her to come and spend Christmas at the old Rall, with a merry party of young people there assembled, nobody was more surprized than Mabel herself. I' .m sure I don't know why they should want me !" said the little gill, and then her innocent heart gave a bouid. within her, as she remembered that Mr. Jocclyn was to be a guest the' e also. So she bought a blue silk dress, and re-trimmed the rose-coloured merino, and wrote a note of acceptance to the grand lady at the Hall; and that is how it hap pened that she was sitting in the fire-. h ligtthat stormy December night, w:-ithj the dewy light in her violet blue eyes, and the red ring sparklingo-i hife fo?-e-; : Yes it did seem-- stranigie hat IRaplip Jocelyn should care for her, whe there weine so many rich and lovely ladies sur rounding him,. and she was such an in significant thing.. Yet she cdulid niot& be mistaken. As ithey: stood there ini the. embi asure o6f-tl e' vb1v-%ndo, with the rustle of silketignrmeiti-Midtiad i ith mrmur of manly voices., around theni, he had. slipped the goldent oircleton her finger and whispered - " I cannot say'to you nrow all that is in my heart, Mabel, but you must have seen how dearln 'I have lea ned to 0lve you. And with .this : ring, -:once m, mother's bethrothal jewel goes my heart. If you wvear it, I shall know all is well ; if you return it to me----" And then the soft, iristocratically- mo dulated voice of Genewra St. Earl, the pretty heiress from Hampshire, broke upon there tdte-d-ite, and she could only steal away to her *room, with burning cheeks and throbbing heart, to be alone with her great happiness, her new-born. felicity. She lingered long in the conservatory that evening, when the dim lamps shone like - clouded moons among the wax myitles, roses, and slender stemmed Eastern lilies, half hoping that :Ralph Jocelyn might come to her again, but he did not. Genevra St. Earl kept him at her side all the evening, and even in the fullness of her happiness Mabel Tressley felt a pang of something not unlike jealousy. For Genevra was beautiful, with a dark, glowing type, and moreover she was a finished little coquette, and dearly loved to flirt, and Mabel could not forget how. many hundreds of thousands of dollars she was worth. "What a little goose you are !" she suddenly apostrophized herself. "Mabel Tiessly, I'm ashamed of you !" And so, to banish the uncomfortable thoughts that began to flit through her mind, she busied herself in gathering the tiniest of bouquets-a single cream-. 1-earted rose, a stem of carnations, a few scented sprigs of sweet geranium, and a cluster of delicious white daphnes, and . tying them wi+.h a blue ribbon she had worn round her throat: ".Oharley !" she said to a softly-step. ping, mild-looking man who was hurry ing past the conservatory door, on his way. from the dining-room. "Oharley !" " Yes, Miss." \- Take these flowers-stay a minute until I tie my card to the ribbon-there, take them-to Mr. Jocelyn's room and lay them on his table." " Yes, Miss," said Charley, with a quiet smile, for Charley had not been de prived of the use of his eyes, and Oharley knew perfectly well how much Mr. Jocelyn admired Miss Tressley. And Mabel smiled softly to herself, in the perfumed twilight of the conservatory. to think of Ralph Jocelyn's pleasant sur prise when he should find this lovely memorial of herself in his room. " I won't say anything about it,'' she thought, ".not even if I get a chance .to speak to him again to- night." But she did not get the chance. Once, indeed,, after Genevra St. Earl. had nodded an airy little good evening,, and gone up stairs to bed, Mr. Jocelyn' ap proached the corner where she sat?, pro tending to work worsteds, but, as as she raised her eyelids with a shy, unspokenr welcome in her eyes, he suddenly. turned away and betook himself to quite. a difi ferent quarter of the room. k"hbel was disappointed, for she had beent 7aw~iting this moment with alniost fevcrish""? peic tation, but she went on sorting . theblitui and yellow wools, and listenung, to old Mrs. Parley's ?eak, wandering talk, iwithi patient, smiling martyrdomi Yes, martyrdom, fort it is ?ot in t?e Book of Martyrs that you find ~ll the suffering victims. They pass you ii the street, they sit opposite you at the dinner table, and exchange greetings with you in the public places; but they wear tthe seal of their martyrdom hidden, like Mabel Tressley, in their own hearts; " It's very strange," said. Ralph. Jocelyn to himself, as he went slolyulp stairs to his own room. "Have I been. so utterly in error in reading the langu.e. age of her heart ? Does she not love me, after all? I.spoke with quite 'suffi cient explicitness about the ring, and yet-" He paused suddenly, as he beheld i the softened radiance of the shaded lamp a bunch of delicate hot-house flowers.. lyivg on the table, tied with blue ribbon, to the end of which was attached a little "card. ". Mabel Tressley,'" he read, in lightly penciled Italian character. " 'Se has sent them to me !" .Involuntarily he pressed his lips to the sweet-scented darlings of the hot-house, but as he did so, he'recoiled as suddenly as if a tiny adder, lurking among the blossoms, had stung him with envenomed fangs. For there, caught among the budding stems of the cream-yellow rose, some thing red and translucent had flashed like a fiery eye-the rubby ring. "' Ah !" he muttered, in dry, husky accents, " so the .riddle is solved. She has returned it to me ; she does not lovel me, after all. Well, perhaps it is just as w ell-just-as-well.'.' He spoke slowly and mechanically, as one might speak under the pressure of great physical pain, and the clear,- healthy glow of his cheek had turned to a dull, sickly yellow. Mr. Jocelyn had not spoken the truth-it was not just as well.! Mabel Tressley was gathering up her basket of bright-coloured wools to retire for the night sick at heart, and wearied of the recital of Mrs. Parley's list of ail ments and aches, when, happening to glance downward, she misbed her ring. She uttered a slight exclamation of dismay. Old Mrs. Parley nodded her head. "I don't wonder you're suprised," croaked the old lady. "I was surprised at it myself. Dr. Simpkins said he never had seen so maligant a carbuncle in his. life. Seven days . and seven nights, my dear, I--" "Excuse, me, mia'am,"' altered Mabel. "I--I have lost soiiiething : : And she hurried away to search in all the places whereshe had been that even ing for the missing treasure, whfile the old lady sat very 'upright and offended, with the story of the malignant carbincle' bu't half complete. - Through "" the dining-room rir in the Sduskyseluisio[on•f the curtained ?ay rjwindow-Hbeside Mrs. Verrnon's gold hW red h-u:p,--T.im in --the coosery atory, - cwbded h lights still -biU, hed :'1iki& cloxdedlifoff, aid the varniished i~enri f, t.'~pic leaves - iade -you - think? of Eastera thickets-yet all in vain. The' ruby ring was gone, and Mabel T.essl?y could form no conjecture as to how or :wheii it had slipped f'iom her finger. " 0hall. go to Ra/lph and tell h-i exictly.how it happened ?" she ithonuhtug wvith one h'inid piessed tightly over heci: beating heart "No. thatwbuld scaic-ely be maidenly. Yet-yet-- - And then Mabel sat down on the 10o rustic seat where the starry myrtle blos soms touched her forehead with their cooling fiugers, anrd burst ino toers. - 9 But I will see him the fisst tlhing in the morning," thought poor little Mabel, as she crept up-stairs.to-her room. The resolution was "more easily takenh than carried into execution ,as Malbel found to her grief.. Mr. Jocelynisa greet- ing of the next morning was cold as if the biting chill of the December frdst had permeated his voice, manner, arid nill ture, and the words of explainationi dicd away on the girls lips, Moreovor he devoted himself expressly to Genevia' st. Earl. The flirtation grew and prospfered; so much so, in fact, that on the evening of the next day Mr. Jocolyn proposed to the heiress in due form. " For I'll have no more sentimental nonsense about rings," he said, mentally. " Marry you, indeed !" cried Miss Genevra, with a toss of her jetty ringlets. " Of course I won't-- how can I, when I'm engaged already ?" " But what shall I do ?" " Do? Why go and make love to that little Tressley rose.bud." Anyone with half an eye can see that she is be witched about you." - \- Mr. Jocelyn curled his lip bitterly " You are' mistaken there," he 'said. " She does not love 'me --no, nor ever will." " - '' "ust ask her and see." So'the heiress ran out to get a bunch of holly berries to wreathe in among her blick 'tresses, and. Mr. Jocelyn was left all alone. He was turning slowly away, when a light footstep on the stairway beyond f'll on his ears; it was Mabel Tressley flit ting by, like a pale, downcast ghost. " Mabel," he said. She turned, with a deep red pennon :of color fluttering athwart her cheek. G Good-bye, Mr. Jocelyn," she said, meekly, extending her cold little hand. " I am going home." " Ilome ?" "' Yes. I'm tired of thlis gay life aniid over-merriment,.', anl she tried to smile. "rAnd I think a little quiet would -be good for .me But befofe I go, Mr. Jocelyn, I :'ish to tell you how very, very sorry-I am abiout the ring- that- that it is lost" ' " Lot, Mabel? ' " I don't know how it slipped frpmmy filnger;I can'timagineg how it was that I never- missed it u-til. the end of the evening, but " " It is .notlost, Mabde;- See !" and he drew out his watch- chain with the i ed jewelled ring hangi'g - from its little bunch of charnis. . She clasped her hands together. " Oh O .where did.you find it ?" A' mAnong the 0wei's, iMab el; in the' little bouquet y'ou sent mu, and I fancied, that :you meant to retrirnr it a token that you card nothing'foiinfr'm ove." Oh2 Ralph h never!" ,'iabel- darling-iyou do love ?b, then ?" Low as eik arfewer was, his striained cdar.-ic-?{u ht: t-e sweet mi-i osyll able " Yes."a nd 1ie dreiw .her clolse t his breist with a thmihl of happiness. "Wity did you not tell me this before, Ma bel ?" flow could, WIhen when -you had no e. efs - o iiny one but. Geaovra S. -,Gnevia St. Earl !'- He arched his eyebrows-'" Dioyoru knov, -Mabol,-tha' I h'tve;asked Genevira bt. Earl to be my wife ? . She withdrew herself fiom his- enhci lizng aim, with. a littlo low cry.- - -"Anid " went on Jooelyn, calmly, I " she has refused mie. I'm very glad, of it. Idon't know what would have be eume of me if she had said ' Yes!' " When Miss i'iebeley appeired at the dinner-table'that evening the ruby ring i as once niore on her fore-finger, and Mr. Jocelyn sat, with a sort of proud proprietorship in . his air, beside her. And Geinevra St. Earl, with a mischievous sparkle of the eyes, leaned across the table and whispered, in a tone inaudible to all but Ralph Jocelyn.; -"Didn't I tell you so ?" Behind the Scenes.-(The Bachelor friends of Benediek have just taken their departure.) Benedick (who has married money, and still smarts under some of the consequences) : " Oh, I say., Mary Ann, I wish to goodness you wouldn't pet me in public, I don't so much mind it-when we'realone ; but before a lot of fellows hang it all, you know I" TVMary Ann (who is up in Mr. Anthony Trollope).. " And why not- my Phoebus ? Should not a woman glory in her love ?" Benedick :" O, bother ."- When is a pieman black and white ?-When he' pie bawled. \- When a man wants money or asistance, the world, as a rule," is very obliging and indulgent -nd lets him want it, 