TALK Off 'CHAHGE. I "I will bay with you, sell with you, talk with 700." -SHAK8PEA*e. ?QnamnwMn rldantomdioera rtiasa. Quid vetatT "-Horack. Whilst Sir James Martin and his colleagues .re devising a way oat of the difficulty in which they hare entangled themselves over the border duties, let me suggest to oar own Government $n imposition habitually prac tised upon Victoria. I am assured that a ooasiderable^ttpportion of the inmates of oar hospitals, benevolent institutions, and lanatic asylums should properly be provided for by Ncflr Booth Wales. Old hands, decayed shep herds, and paupers generally find that little or no provision is made for their wants across the river. There is no fanatic asylum nearer than Sydney-some 400 miles from the Murray. On undoubted authority I am told that, despite the restrictive efforts of .local committees, these. undesirable and «Ependve guests from New. Booth Wales «tt numerous in the Beech worth and other (ihalitable institutions-not even the gaols joe spared. Thfcee unwelcome visitors of oonrse report themselves as fiom ds-Murray \- townships, in order to secure theadvantages of ttiellbeiali^qf the Victorian institutions. If 6m Murray is to be sentinelled on either bank by hostile coast-gaards, there should be . prohibitory duty upon the importation of the bait, the lame, and the lunatic, from the of our elder and (In this xcapoct} gene* til the history of this oolbny money was never so abundant and cheap as it Is just now. Government 6 per oent 'debentures only produce to the investor about four per beni, and u fast asthey are Offend they are iaken readily. Money on mort®ige can be liad.lv the bui⪙ it 6 pwcepfc,and I believe on very desirabletociUitiy ft night be jgof at 6. Bank* Which last year were eererely afflicted wifli mining- phobia, can now find It In their hearts to 'finaube a fair mining<shai* operation at 7 per cdnt I have heard of som e euitous exatnplesof the dislike of banks to anythingBavoarlngof mining specula '|i&! A merchant's Mil fcrf *1,000, Whict would be readily disooantedon its merits with j«pk anyoollateral seotnity, has been thrown «at, 'beoanae it had attached to it scrip for a pounds' irorthttf'shares.' Theforce >Jodioeoould soaroelyfiirther go than rbaiildngpodtlofeisquitechanged. We growing wealth of the oommu ip .a. IpiSfinpil "a'r"t»iMl from ftnd the banker has to go out to twayaandlanes eTapffiinderVlane intern tooome in. I have heard iiir^isi-'WWiy^NNlehl ea^other.antlno w fnilte at affaira--#or money newrwas cheaper, nor material intoresta more prnh .its. Wliy can't the day of election, and through their absence 1 Mr. Iteilly won the coveted appointment by a narrow majority. The effect of this was to give au opportunity of exercising further patron age. If Mr. Smith had beaten Mr. Reilly the Corporation offices would have been all filled. But by letting Mr. Reilly win through a.subterfuge, bis previous appoint ment wonld become vacant, and another opportunity be afforded of doing a little Tam many business, for the collectorship of rates, there are only three in the race. The Jewish section of the council have a Jewish candi date ready, and it was probably to make room for him that they threw Smith over. There is a Catholic party working for a Mr. Kelleher, and the narrowly-beaten Smith is entered for this consolation stake. If the City Council published a sham invitation to candidates for a month, and men better qualified than any of the three I have indicated presented themselves, such would not have the ghost of a chance. The point to be settled is not-who is the best man for the office, but which section of the council can work the oracle successfully. There is always some new evidence of the wealth and architectural improvement of the capital city of the leading Australian colony. It is characteristic of Melbourne that her citizens have full faith in her future, which necessarily implies confidence in the well being of the whole country. I am told that Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall, the stationers, who have won the position of the leading firm of the Australian colonies in their own department of business, are about expending £11,000 or £12,000 upon a wholesale ware house and factory in Collins-street west, near £he railway station. The elevation is one which will raise the architectural standard of the street; bong considerably in advance of any building in its neighbourhood. I think I was the first public writer in Viotoria who questioned the safety of the European Assurance Company, and had the local policy-holders taken decisive action then, their position would have been now better. Those who build their hopes upon the chance of funds being invested here for their special security will be disappointed. Some member of the Government might dis tinguish himself deservedly by devoting his attention to the whole question of life assur ance, and the preparation of a measure which wonld provide (as Cave's Act does in England) for a state check upon local companies, and (as n the United' States) for the investment of funds locally in the case of foreign life assur ance companies. The Qoeenalanders don't care to Rive some thing for nothing. They were to give £100 to the Eclipse (eclipsed?) Expedition, and they were to lend the Government steamer Go vernor BlackalL But this liberality was more apparent than reaL For the steamer was to be repaired at the borrowers'expense, and these repairs were very expensive. Asked to defray the cost (£115) of replacing cracked pistons with sound ones, the Govern ment said-"Certainly, we win pay the cost with pleasure; but, of course, under these drenmstances, we won't pay the £100 gratuity we promised yon." Isn't this something like lending a friend, on a wet day, the handle and rite of a dilapidated umbrella, with a condition that he would have it covered with good silk, and return it in the evening. They an having a bad time at Oulgong. A man just arrived from that euphoniously named place tells me that the people are dying there rapidly from the scarcity of pure water. He says that severe skin diseases are prevalent (he was himself highly eruptive), and attributes these evils to the water bong poisoned through treating diseased sheep with poisonous specifics on the Reedy Creek stations. I am taking my informant's geography on trust, not personally knowing the relative positions of the creek and Gulgong. Captain Lidbetter, who IB years ago by his braveiy and seamanship brought safely to port the Swarthmoie, seven months from Ittfb^unie to Liverpool, and given np as lost -who had wxebltol were ilandi BuMm the Itisatftythfct quaker friend Lil oomtnenoed business Melbourne, and as well as being af of tiie lif eboat when the tit U^Tigtoria Tower treating surf of "* .ting in India climate, men like my ongst as. He Iverage-stater in maritime law, oal seaman, he possessed other1 especial qualifications. But by giving effect to ^.conscientious convic tion pi what was just, In some average statements entrusted to him. Captain Lid betterincnned the ill-will of a section of the ittle community. There wasn't suf ficient generosity to regard the matter in any but a' thoroughly selfish light* and Captain JUdbemr, asaii ivetige- stater, was afterwards ignored. He felt the option lay between returningto India, which he didn't love, but wheto he w5 well known, or staying in Vic fcnU; jwbkJi hepreferred, and, to use his own ? jm 'fctt* kanf Kama* m OlielSlrefaratt sauUs], b**, it is said, given English Society unfavoorsble opinion ot Australian fomeii. lt would lie as reasonable. to gatige we virtues pf English matrons by the behavfour of La<ly Xordaunt. Matters of tiiis kind, like brandy-drinking, are diseases, and might be' dealt wi^h from that pointjof ^e<%airnum o{Co|nmittees is not a man who: Aims |t thepiwpect of being <nqr 1, CopgrafcuUtodpubttcly by its on Us lately oontracted Davies No. 1, ft, tp-Mems to haw an eye wpwte<ljta> htmuiAI ve.not taken this ^Stttawdelibera ilookfor late contest for a seat in the Legislative Council with his appointment as an official assume, I may have done the Government and Mr. Halfey an injustice. I am told that the appointmentof the aBsigneesrests with tbe Chief Justice, and that Mr. Halfey had been promised the first vacant asaigneeship some five years ago, when he retired in favour of Mr. Moore. The first intimation Mr. Halfey received of his appointment was the paragraph announcing it in the newspapers. A poor fellow, with broad shoulders and sharp elbows, writes to a newspaper, describe ing his difficulty in getting through the crowd under the Verandah on a rainy day. He travelled on that side of the street because there was shelter, bat objects to any one else similarly seeking to escape a wet jacket I would suggest to the sensitive people who hate a crowd that they might find more room in the streets of Geelong or Castlemaine. There are vacant spaces on the pathways there, but I don't think the well-wishers of either place would at all object to some of the crowd and bustle of Collins-street west. Parlour fins were at a discount last Sunday. People could refrain from luxuries of that kind. There may, perhaps, be one hotter place, but there is no one about who has tried both, and is in a position to give the result of his experience. There may have been warmer days than last Sabbath, but a hotter night never. The nearest approach to bed-clothes, I have heard, was the mosquito-net at an j elevation of six feet, and that was oppressive. 1 The change was one of the good old fashioned kind now becoming rare. Without paying much attention to atmospheric1 phenomena, I think that there is a notice able change in the average run of weather. The old formula was simple. Three days of a fierce norther, succeeded by a strong, cool, southerly breeze and a rain deluge, the wind going round by the west. Of late our changes have been either dry, or we have had heavy thunder-showers, without a lasting change of direction of wind. Then succeeds the moist, seething heat of the tropica. I can't remem ber, in the old times, so frequent a recurrence of disagreeable east winds as of late. Perhaps the meteorologists could explain the reason of these altered weathercharacteris tics. However, there is no doubt that the fine wet westerly burst on Monday morning was more like an old- fashioned weather change than anything experienced for a long time past. And, by the way, can any one remember so many fatal lightning visitations as have occurred this summer ? On that hot Sunday morning a friend set oat from one of the suburbs for a metropolitan place of worship. By a curious process of gravitation he found himself at tha ice factory at Franklin-street instead. Addressing the person in charge, he asked for a Mock of ice without any pretence of wanting it for a sick child. To his dismay, he was informed that the tiling was impossible-the company wouldn't sell on Sunday-" but," added the icemaker, with a significant twinkle of the eye. "I think ye can get a block at the saddler'snaxtdoor." "But, suppose I can't get any there, what am I to do! asked the per spiring ice-seeker. " Ah, weel, ye'd just better try." And be did try, and didn't fail, and was duly gratified with the result, and a fair tap of claret; despite the warmth of the climate.' Bat, like mys$tf, he is puzzled to understand how the tt&Uer; next door can sell ice ! on Sunday, whilst the company is too oorporately pious to be . Sabbath-breaker. Perhaps the saddler next door has a refrigera tor of his own. There is ft growing love for art, and, in J evidence of this, it is said that the Him. Henry Miller has remitted £1,600to London' for the purchase of good pictures. He is right this time. Is there any explicable connexion between Unitarianism ana comic writing! Or is it merely a coincidence that the two services in the Unitarian Church on last Sunday week were conducted by two ex-editors of Punch, each having acquired deserved oelebritv as a witty and humorous writer ? ?ffiGLES. 