? v police. ?:;.;.'::;. A Dbtbbmihki) Vaoa«onk,~A; young ;follow imwc'l TboiiKUi ThornaH wah brouubt up at tho Utyy l'ollce Court, on I'rlday, tho 10th April, on two charge*, onoau a rogue find vagabond, tho other for theft of nidlilrt. ?It.uppoitrod from the ovidoiico of the'dotectives that thoy had appro-' bradod him on ,a -warrant for the theft about i i ? ? ?',,',,' ' ' '.,. ', ?... ? : midnight, in bod, in a brolhol in Bilking-square, and that they* had the greatest dilDoulf.y iu got ting him secured and takon_ to tho watchhouso. Whdn they went to seizo him be got hold of a tomahawk, with -which ho vigorously' de£endo« hioisolf, striking dotoctivo Maiuwuring several tiinqs on tho head with tho back of it. Tho fellow struggled and fought in tho. most deter mined manner all tho way to tho top of Littlo Co|lins-Btreot, a mob of hin ruffianly friends follow ing, and not only instigating him to escape, but assailing and ntriking the detectives. It was Btated that tho prisonor was a vagabond of tho worst description, and leader of a gang of ruffians who wore constantly committing ' assaults and depredations. So daring indood had ho be come that thoro was an impression in the localities frcquohted by him that tho do tectives wero afraid to tackle him. Mr. Sturt, after commenting sovorely on the; behavior of tho prisoner— whoso appearance was rather rcspcotablo than criminal or vngabond ish— said that it would nover do to allow tho law to bo set at defiance in this manner, and tho bench wore determined to make an example of him, and he would bo sentenced to two' years' im prisonment, with hard labor. Samuol King, ono of tho gang who had been instigating Thomas to escape and. interfering with tho polico, was fined £10, with tho alternative of threo months' im prisonmont. ' ? ; A Doppbii Ganger. — 'Ctesar and Pompoy' berry much alike, specially Poropey.' This was in oifoct a vory ingenions' defonco sot up at the East Collingwood Court, on 19th Aprils by Robert Smith, an unlucky cabman, who is haunted by a malicious ghost of himself, that is always going about getting into all sorts of Bcrapes oh purpose to bring poor Bob to grief, by being.' mistook ' for that irreproachable caoby. But ' accord ing to the story told by ' Mr. John Marritt to the Collingwood bench. Bob Smith must be on unmitigated ruffian. That geutloman said that about half-past twolvo on the morning of ? Thurs day, the 11th, he and a friend, Mr. Hood, return ing from a party at flockins'-rooms, got into a' cab, No. .1135, in SwanBton-street, having pre viously asked the driver if his faro was sixpence at ; that hour of the night, to which, the latter nodded assent. Mr. Hood ' got - out ' about half ' way, and Mr. Marritt proceeded to the Bir mingham Hotel, when he tendered a shilling for tho two fares, on which the cabman become most abusive, demanding ono shilling each, and vow ing tbat ho would follow his' passenger five miles but what he would get his proper Fnrn Mr MprriKf. . f/ilii lii*n- \\\t\ ??npmi TiAh tin 'Rrt far, as he lived only at tho end of tho street.. He then made a ''grab' at complainant's umbrella, which ho broke, knocked the pipe, out of his1 mouth, broke his watch-guard, and pelted him with stones from a neighboring heap of broken metal. All this happened in the, darkest part' offthoroadj but ho was propared to. swear posi tively that the defendant then before the court was the man,. and was confirmed by Mr, Hood, who recognised1 his- voice.. The' charge hadjbeoh mode last! week against the owner, of the cab at Fitzroy, but dismissed on his giving up the name of tho driver. Smith-admitted being the driver of No. 1135, but asserted vehemently that he' was in another part of the to we on the night in ques tion. Ho bad subpoenaed Dr. Crooko. under whose core he was at the' time fora cut lip, and several other witnesses, who would prove that he had hia face covered with plaister, and bandaged. But unfortunately, as so often happens, none of these wero to the fore, and as the bench were in credulous about Mr. Smith's doable, who was, constantly being mistaken for him, he wob fined 20s., with 40s. costs, leaving him to get it out of that mythical twin- brother of his when he could catch him. Hia tone now changed considerably, and ho begged ' with bated breath and humble ness'1 for time to pay it, which was granted until Friday next. ' ' - ' Thavblliko wAiroui a Ticket.^ — Henry T, Cooper was charged on summons,' at tio: District Police Court on Monday last, for ; tra velling on tho Hobson's Bay Railway, . between Melbourne and South Yarra, on the 17th inst., without either a ' ticket or pass, with intent to ovado payment. It appeared that on being asked for his namo and address ho had given a wrong address. He had offored sixpence to the guard, but it was refused. Ho had left a cord with his namo as secretary of tbe Licensed Vic tuallers' Association, and inquiries had been mado for him, at several hotels, but tho roply was that bo had left orders not to say whero ho waa to be found. Ho was got accidentally by' constable Sherwood, who served . him with the summons. Tho defence _was that Cooper had given sixpence to the statjonmastor . at South Yarra. but this was not clearly proved, and Mr. Call, P.M., 8aid tbat it did not matter, as thafr point was not before tiio court, the charge being that bo had travelled, without a ticket. Ho was , fined 30s., and 30s. cost*. Warning to Cabmkh.— About throe weeks ago a cabman named Dyson, after having got, oa he put it, ' a couplo of glasses in him,' bad dosed ofTr to sleep in bis cab in Swanston- streot, towards midnight, and was roused by finding a man rifling bia'pockots, and three or four others utahding by. His watch and chain were gono. Ho lot tbe thieves slip through his fingers that ' niqlit, but ho kopt a look-out for the man whom ho found rifling him. Ho got him at last, and on Tuesday bad him up boforo .the city court. Tho , prisonor, a whito-hairod man; named James Little, with a vory dishonest look about him, was stated by tho dotectivcB to boa woll -known thiof. Thoy did not think thoro woh tho smallest chance , of tho watch being get. Mr. Sturt. asked tbo prisoner whothor ho would lik'o tho bench to deal.with tho case, and on hia replying in the affirmative, he wan eontoncod to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. Thkvt pkom L6i)-imauousK8. — Tho man named TLoiuuh or ThoihHon, who was got last week with a quantity of oiiBpcctod wearing ap jjnirol in his posBORaion, wna brought up at tho City Polico Court on Monday last on romaud Ho had not tho appearance of an old' hand and hid looks hadnotoxcitodBiiypiuiou, but liOBComH to hnvo earn bored himself by taking too niuny things at once. Thvco of tho couts bo hud wero provod to havo been taken on the 15th inst. from bo^ rooms in a Jotlging-bouBo iu Lomidalo-utrcet, which the prisoner uceiuod to havoontorcd and 16ft iinohBorvod,. a fact which thoee intcrcntod would do | well to note. Tho prisoner Bcoma to havo jjodo the Bumo'niglit to tho London Hotel, attlio corn or of Littlo Flinders and Market HtrootB, whore ho got a bod in. tho name room an the groom. The groom went to his work early inthe morning ifWvinglbirn in. bed. and on ? returninplfat'ihrcak foHt ' titno found hiro gono, and1 miMiod three pajrfl of trouiicm — ono of thorn new. Ono of tho pairB was produced and identified. Tho landlord of 'Hie botol alno identified mhiio (lcoi.knol)H and other artiolon found inlho piinouur'ii.poHtioBuion oh' liolon(jing to bin houno. ? A nilvor wntch and' chain, evidontly ntolen, Imd aim buon got on tho prJRoiKir, but their ownor bad not boon dinoovorod. Tho priHonor waa Honteucud to threo months' im prisonment on ouch of '?tliroo honarato chnrges of utijaling uloUicii, und remanded for tovou days on the watch cbar«6. ''?'?' - ??. ???'? . JlODIIBItV OV 'THH'KliVK Blil-Ii Ho'TKti. — A yOVtlff man named John M'ftruth, brought up on romnnd at tho ' City l'olioo' Court on Tuesday charged with hounnbrciikinf; and robboryof tho Blue Boll Hotel, Littlo Collinn-Htrcot. wuh com mlttod for trial. Tho liotol IiimI hoan broken into on thn night of the Kith iimt., uhd four boxen of oiKuro, iivo poundBof plug tobacco, aovorul bottloM Of Wrunily,' and r-H. in oiuih Htolon. Tho mtnonor liud ttouii noon about tho Iioubo during tno day, &nfX; won observed hiding Horaotbing about tho' ''?.', -M'.i'' ?? ii, r .Ui.;. l.U.i) ,i ?..',;.-.; , it . i'.;4 'ij .)!? roof of his houso next moruiiift.. ^Tho'qigar^Vcro found in hia hauso, but tho, other things had not ,. boon got. Aw'uoatioh for A WAHRAiiT.-r-In tho District f! Co]ar.t, WednoSday, Mr. J. O. Stewart applied for a .'? warrant to' arrest John Honeyman, an insolvent,; ? ' who had recently filed his schedule in Ballarat, ? and left tho colony in tho Lady Jocolyn, taking ?'?'.' with him, according 'to tho deposition's in tho ' \; caso, effects that ought to have been handed over ' ?' to |the trustees for behoof of the creditors in tho ' estate. Mr. Wrixon appeared for Mr. Honeymnn, '?' and Dr.'.Dobson for one of the witnossoa. Mr. ' ' Malcolm Morrison, formorlv manager or tho' ' ' National Bink of Australasia at Ballarat, and '?i;'1 now manager of the 'Commercial Bank thoro. ' Mr. HoneymaU had purchased from Morrison at ' the Bank of Australasia a draft for £78, to pay ( for his passage to England in tho Lady ' Jocolyn ; but the money was paid by Mrs. '' Hone) man, who stated that sho had drawn ' £220 of her own from tho Savings Bonk. Mr. : Coll said ho could not boo any evidence that - Hqnoyman had taken with him more than his 'i own. Mr. Stewart stated that Honeyman had left under an assumed name, and called at- ' '? tontion to tho fact of his wifo having .. a largo sum of' monoy. Mr. Call, how- ' ovor, said thoro was no evidoncoto Bhow that i that monoy did not belong to Mrs Honoyman in '? nur own riant, .no tiiereioro reiusou to gram a r, warrant, holding that there was no caso npou . I whioh he would Ibo justified in doing bo. It was.' - -'. stated by Mr. Wrixon that Honoyman had gono H ' homo to realise somo house property v;itb tho in- ??. tention of aftorwards paying hia creditors. The^ ' L application wn8 dismissed; . . i ,r . Back AaAiK.— The man. named Jamps Quinn, ?' who waa dismissed on Tuobday for lack of evi- AV donco to prove the theft of, a carriage rug, which ? ?'? thero was overy reason to suspect ho had stoloni ' ' appeared again at tho' 'City Polico Ooilrt;1, 'on '!) the 25th ? April, charged with stealing y a '' pabr of ' trousers. ? He had protonded to'bo'vory'- ?'?' ,miich aggrieved on Tuesday when the bench 're- ' ?'? fused to let him have the rug back, and had beon ? : told that ho might havo it at the end of three. ' ]' months if ho came fdr it.1 Ho said nor^rantea^tb! ;ii'J goiup the country, but be could not do bo at'' this v -'^ : season without' his rug: There is now a greater ; ?'? obstacle ? to his leaving; town in the Bhapo; of . ' three months' imprisonment. !.' '? ;' ' iNaRATiTODH;— Many a poor inebriato has been ''?' indebted to the police for saving him in his helpless ? ??? condition from falling an easy prey to nighteharks, '? ; ? but all are not equaUy grateful for tho kindnesB ' done them. A man namod William Walker,' a ' farmor, \fras fbun- r knocking abqut drunk1 on Wed- !- uosday with a pair of Guspicidus looking fellows ' J hovering about' him.' Ho' was takon in charge, t-l tlY\t\ i.llA *+.riflliifT Clim ftf &/7(\ fminrl '/ill Tiim «.,nn ;? . -' taken care of.- At the City Police Court;: ,,' o'nlThuraday, insttiad of- being thankful to 'the ''-'?'? police, he blamed them for 'taking him up instead — ^ of lapprehending ,the chara^terB'wlio wero watch,-' '?'- ugnim.-'; ;';i;1!'''J ''''?? ?- .??'?-??? ?-.'??i-r- ..'? '-) ALLEaEDLAiioEior.— Awell- dressedrespectablpi ? ;v ?[ looking woman of middle age, 'named Haiinah- '- Baldwin, was brought1 up at the City Police '? Coiirtj. on Thursday, oh : remand, charged '^ with stealing a ''quantity ;of ( wearing' appa-; -'? rel from Elizabeth -WatkinBon, ;a milfinor1 in: ' Bourke-street, for whom she ihau acted for a c6n- ' aidefable period as domestic servant. She had- ' left about three weeks ; ago1 to go to her hus- ' - band at Heidelberg,' and Mrs. Watkinson, on ? .» overhauling .her.1 wardrobe, missed .. a lnrge '? qufintity of wearing apparel, princijlally under- ; clo'thirig. ? Suspecting that Baldwin had taken the ? ?''* thmgsi she had herihouse searched/ and foUnd part f of ja'sheet (a tattered1 fragment shown in,coilrt),r ? '? two ' pillowB,; and 'a pair of ? blankets, whioh she ? ? identifiod as her property. 'The sheet' was- the' '! only thing that had hor name bri it, When inthe ' -, ??'? box Mrs. Watkinson said she did not wish to ' ???'}' press the charge against, the defendant, because sue , ? ha^ long liked and respected her, and had searched ? *? her house simply with, the view of recovering her ' owjn property. 'The bench, however, said that '' haying put the case in the hands of the police it ; was not1 in'her, power'tio withdraw it now.1 Mr. ? '; Read appeared for the defendant; and crosB-'!i; examinea Mw. Watkinson at some length, with ';' the view of bringing out that tho charge rp9ted . ' onlverv'Slerider bviaerice indeed. Ho offerod to _? call , witnesses for the defence, but Mr., Sturt said it Vas vinnecesaory, and dismissed the caso. Mr. ; ; (iillott,-' who 'appeared for the prosecution, Jnti- '???: mated that Ulterior proceedings would probably ' bo taken, and Mr. Read said ho. had expected as ? ; much;: and. had therefore got tho depositions- ? taken fully. . ? . ; . ? s . ? TiiH/i.M'CqHUEx' CAte.-7At-;tho-'S!indri(Jgo;;;''f uourt, on' x^uratiay, , jftmos ;.? M.'1/onkey ytn$J 'h . chargM with', neglecting to maintain liis_jt-vd illo-J'l '?-} gitimato 'children, 'James and Alexander/'' The* ' '?' ? particulars are rather singular. ?About'1. ten ;l' years ago a,Mrs. Thwaiteslofi; hor husband, (and'-: went to live with M'Conkey. They lived lo-i ' ? gother until recently,' and Mrs, Thwaitos' biro ; ?'.] these two boys. W^en bIio deserted M'Conkey, be '''?'?'?' desorted the boyB; 'On; Ihb bohalE if: was urged' f in court that tkore.waa' no' proof of T^waites npb ! ;i ? having' access. ' to ' his -wifo'during' tho- last .: teii years, Sincd 'he1 has been about . '-1 Melbourne most of ':'tho time, ami is » at present driving an omnib'ua; Although it 'did' ' ' uot appear at all probablo that thoro hod been.. ?' any intorcoursq between Thwaitos and his wife' ' : sinco ho loft her,' tho bench said that thoy must- . havo Bomo proof to the contrary boforo making an ' '? order against M'Conkoy, which wouM havo the ?'''' offeot of baBtardising tho childron. Tho informa- ? ' ? tionwaa therofore dismiesodi .' ? ?????: ? i An Inoorhioiblh. — At tho Fitzroy Polioe \ Court, ' on Thursday, Roho Timbury, a giil'of ?''? thirteen, was charged with drunkeuncuB and dis- - '-' orderly conduct. Her mother i8 «aiu \o koop a ' ;* kindkof boardinghouse in Collingwood, and nor ? f father, bo tho girl fiaid; do.iortod his family fivd ' years ago, and is now living with -another woman; ' - Ashorttimo ago tho girl,Vho in tlio habitual ? companion of disorderly Blioomak'or boys, was ' sonfcto gaol for a month for running aftor respect ablo fomalos in tho atroolH _nii4 lifting up their' ,f drchHoa, On Wodnoaday night last «ho wriji ??? ' found drunk by tho polico in tho Bt|roota. Tho ' mdthor, who' Vius prooonti in tlio court, u« id- sho ?' wa« unablo to control tho girl. Sont to the Ro formatory for two years. ? : : ? ,;' Pbiuurv. — The investigation into tbo charge of '? -'? poriury, proforml by a -uiiuj hunted ' I'lannagau: [ ' agiiinBt Sophia OHborno, keener of ti'nbhool,' waa1 ' proceeded with at tho Hoihaui Polico Courts ?''? on1 Thursday.', Tho accused uad proseoutod a' *? son of Klannagan for breaking ono oi! her wh}. i; cIowb, and had BwoniBho saw him doing it. That ' wbb tho alleged tierjury.' ' A girl muncd Margftrot ' O'Donahoo was brought up on hab'ata cqrpiui from ;. caol, whoro nho is (tervlng a nonumcofof drun- ' ' connoae. Sbo bwoto, who horxolf -broko- MrB. ? . O/iborne'ii windows ut ono o'cWck on pastor Sim- ' day morning, and that iio wiii(lo\v''of ;Mr«.' ',; OHborno'H wuh brolcon bct'oro;1 On. tlio : ot-her '- hand, a Misn GriflUtifl, a rolativo of tlio acousod, ? ; ?' avMiroflho Baw young Vlannngaii broak -ho- win-. ;: dOjWB ou Httutor Saturday night. Tho bonohdifl.' imiinod the caso.' , ',' ' ' ' '! '? ''? At tho Iloldolborg Polico Court on Monday, ?; Mr. 0; Fleming, tho toll colloctor at the HgidoU '| bolggato, obarflcd Mr! J.NlokonBonwjtU1 huviug' ~' oofnutittod wilf til' por jury in a caso heard ( n% ?'?? -thp Hoidolbbrg ; court 'on tho 5Jfilh of MaTch.' ' Mr. Kloining now nworo that fit the hearing of tliu ? auun Mr. Nirkoiinon had (lihtinotly awuni tliatho ' had paid tlio toll in (liiipiito to lilmnolf, ft'ad ho. ' ticiw called hia wifo anir daughter, who proved' - thjit at iho tlino uworn to Flomiiig w/ui lu bod. To corroborAto 1'loiniiig'no'viilunco tlmt Nlokpnhinx '; hud uo oworn in court, Mr, Tronowotii, ono of ? tho magistratca boforo wlioin tlio oaHO wiu lioard, - ., i ,:,?... ' 'I ? . . ' .i!i . ? ? ! ' ;t ? .ii.- '.- J \ :?.- ? h' ,.-??..; .liillli; I ; , !--|,i-, 'i ; ? ,.-' '. I',,' was callod, andiJeBaia thataccbrdiri^'to tho boat of his rocolloctiou, Niokonseadid not swoavtbat ho paid, Floming, but that ho paid Fleming's girl. Messrs. Strtitt and 8tudloy from tub' bench cor roborated -Mr. TrenowethV evidenco, and tho oase waa jdismissod. , During Fleming's . cross-, examination, 1iq said that why ho charged, Nick- , enson with perjury was because, at tho hoaringof the oasdjlns voracity* wits' impeached, and' that tho decision of tho .magistrates waa a vindiotivo decision. i Mr. Strutt ordorod.tho wprda, to.bo taken down', and threatened io commit him for contempt, but on Fleming making iv humblb apology, ho was lot off with a reprimand. . ? ? ,0, ? 