THE PLOT AND ITS PURPOSE. LET the public make no mistake as to the hidden purpose of the Parliamentary plotters, who seek to get the reins of Government into their hands and hold them fast for their own ends. These ends are not to be compassed for the the country's good, but for the selfish prjfit of the plotters, to the prejudice of all the country has been for many weary years longing for, but longing for in vain, whilst political power remained within the disastrous -grasp of the greedy schemers who have declared a war of extermination against the only progressive Ministry the countiy has ever had. The present Government has been the first in Victoria that has applied itself resolutely , and without reservation to do justice to the industrious and energetic men—the miners, settlers, and skilled toilers—who have to rely mainly on themselves, and the sympathising support and protection of an honest Administration and wise law- givers, for the attainment of thatself-sustaining position ^f material well-being which is the inherent right, as it is the direct aim, of TVP.TV hard-working man who has come Z make his home here in this haven of Lest adventure. The existence and advancing success and popularity of such a Government has naturally excited the dying enmity of the insatiable crowd of agency-mongers, who have faith only in fat squatting commission-gains, m banking profits squeezed out of needy though pretentious speculators, and in loaning operations at usurious rates. These form the meshes of the net with w]iich the race of go-betweens haul their- -unholy gains from out the gulf of hopelessness wherein they have submerged industry and enterprise, whenever the possession of political power gave them the opportunity, and strengthened their unscrupulous hands. For them the sturdy yeomanry, whose reliance is on thrift, and the toil of their own hands; the adventurous miner, whose dependence is on himself alone; the artisan, whose stronghold is his skill; the small trader whose success comes from wise economy and prudent foresight—offer no attractions. To carry on their game of fleecing, they must thwart the husbandman in his efforts at agricultural settlement; they must beggar the miner by making all private auriferous ground a sanctuary of monopoly ; they must deny to the artisan the protection due to domestic skill and industry ; they must keep the bankingscrew tight on the struggling trader. The far-stretching pastoral possessions of the squatter, the glutted stores of the foreign importer, the large transactions of the loaning agent, present the only field of action they deem worth' their notice. But to command full control over this ground, and make it surely to yield them the vast profits which can alone satisfy their insatiate craving, they know they must have within their ownclutche's the law-administering and law-making power of the State. They held this power hard and long in the days which have barely passed away, and they waxed fat and insolent upon the fruits of their mis-government and mislegislation. The country lay helpless in their grasp. Their prey was wholly at their mercy. And we all but too well know the calamitous result, so disastrous to the great body of , the population. They seek now to recover their lost ground, and once more reckon their gains by the spoils of a misruled people. Will they succeed? They calculate •on their being able to delude the public mind, and blind the popular vision to their plot and its purpose. With diabolical daring, with fiendish ingenuity, they have had recourse to the desperate policy of trying to set class against class, to foment religious discords, to stir up sectarian animosities, to arouse the prejudices of race, to destroy the good accord of this mixed population, and make of our order- loving community a very pandemonium of intestine strife and fierce commotion. This is the fitting means—all nefarious as it is—in their estimation, to effect the sinister purpose they have put before them; and they do not hesitate to reduce it to practice.. It is to this we owe the outrageous personal attacks on the present Chief Secretary. His religious creed, forsooth, should make him an object of aversion to the popular feeling. He is a "Jesuitical trickster," we are told, and must be distrusted. He comes from the land of penniless poverty, and he is sure to fill the public service with his needy countrymen; therefore, suspect him. His colleagues in the Ministry are characterless or hungry adventurers, who would sell their souls for place and pay. Eveu the Israelite of East Melbourne thinks himself entitled to hurl this taunt at them, and spurn them as his forbears would unsaleable " old clo'." Will the people be deceived by all this infuriate clamour? Impossible. They hear it with disgust j they know its meaning; they repel with contempt its vile suggestions. Come what may, the people of thiB country will not make themselveB the tools of bigotry and faction. They clearly see, moreover, that in this case the bigotry and faction are attempted to be galvanised into a ghost-like existence by men, who only worship Mammon, andwho have made a last desperate dash at this chance oT at " once cloaking and accomplishing their wolfish designs upon the great nataral sources of wealth, power, and social importance, which they see this young country abounding with, and which they want to monopolise for themselves, and their accomplices in the plot. The public may not for a time be able to reach them But they will assuredly— and at no distant day—be brought up for judgment and condemnation before the tribunal of popular opinion. The personal composition of the Legislative Assembly may aid the present, or some future development of the plot—but when once the scene is shifted, and the general public comes upon the stage, the schemes and the schemers will be exploded for ever. The Attorney-General, when addressing the Assembly at the opening of this second no-confidence debate, brought his speech to a close with some observations which showed that the real design of the enemies of the Ministry were thoroughly seen through by him and his colleagues, and appreciated in their true light:— " The object of the Opposition," said the hon. gentleman, " was to prevent the Government submitting the measures which they had announced their intention of bringing forward. No such programme as theirs had ever been indicated in a Governor's speech. It included a Royal Mines Bill, an Inspection of Mines Bill, a reduction of mining leases, and cheap railways, none of which, he was aware, the Opposition liked. A Fencing Bill, an Impounding Bill, the completion of public buildings in town and country, water supply, royal mail routes via California and the Cape, the reduction of postage, <5Sc., were also included, and were no doubt nauseous to the Opposition, who knew very well that if once the Government got fairly under weigh with their proposals, the scramble for place and pay would have to be deferred another year." No one who spoke on the Opposition side attempted to controvert this statement. The blow hit home. The plotters were conscious that their design was unveiled to view; and the cowardice of guilt struck them dumb. 