THE "BUS" PAPERS. On the 24th instant a girl was called to give evidence in a provincial police court, and made the following statement : — " My name is Bridget Dalej ; I live at Wombat ; my father and mother live there; I am nine years old; I went to school once for three months ; I cannot read or write ; I never went to church ; I don't say my prayers ; I don't learn catechism ; I wis never told about God ; I don't know the nature of an oath." This is a sample of what comes of leaving religion to be taught by " the parents," and the particulars of the spiritual condition of that Australian Topsy, should delight the soul of the "purely secular" people; and there is some further information given in con nection with the discovery of tbe young white heathen which is worth notice by those who bare every desire to have religion 'taught to children — only it should be done by ministers out side of school hours and schoolhouses. The account says: — "We have here no less than five clergymen of different denominations, having settled congregations. We have besides five or six others not recognised as regulars, bat who hold forth for the edification of erring mortals as occasion offers." It may be concluded, there fore, that if five properly-qualified spiritual prac titioners, and an equal number of irregular quacks, could not catch Bridget Daly, children in less favoured (P) localities would not have the ghost of a chance to have anything more of the Christian about them than the colour of their skins. It may be supposed that this is an exceptional case raked up out of the wilds of the interior, but the girl in question was no worse than the youth who was asked by a town missionary in Melbourne about Jesus Christ, and replied,' " I don't know him, sir, but I think he keeps ft wood-yard in Little Bourke street." Theatrical critioisms are the cause of a gbod deal of " pother," and it is not unfrequently asked by the public privately how|it comes to pass that the indifferent doings of those who profess to amuse the public are allowed to pass free of more severe criticism ; and one solution of the problem comes from Geelong. The Advertiser objected to an assertion made by another paper that It had " pronounced enthusiastically in favour of tbe Kennedys," and remarks: — "Wehavodenenething of the kind. Having regard to the foot thai hostile criticism must affect the pecuniary success of the entertainments, we have leait to the side of mercy." Th" 10 doubt letting the domestic animal escape frwn its prison, and it is at any rate honest of he Advertiser to "own up" to the feet that, to do pfl> fessional people a benefit, it shuts its critical ejes and ears, and there is every probability that he only difference between il and the Press gee- rally is that it admits that it is subject to an #wr- flow of the milk of human kindness, while others refuse to acknowledge that they have anyiucl weakness. These things being so, there refiains the question of their propriety. It mifftt be very stoutly argued that the profession ha been killed by suoh kindness. Through it the s≥ is infested with all sorts of moapaoies, ana in come a sort of refuge for the mentally datitute, and their presence in it cuts two waysboth di rections being against the interests managers and competent performers. I ladies and gentlemen who have no qualificatio for the stage outside of their own presumpbn were criticised on their merits, and not abjeots i of charity, the stage might get relieved /f the dis repute into which it has fallea, an! maaag woilld be able to obtain efficient peprmers, in stead of having to throw their motor 08 people who seek to make a living p way that Nature never intended. j In re matters theatrical, it has bed proved that, with them as with all other affairs , ft1® ® 8 deal in luck, and it has also been pond out that managers may find themselves atibe mercy o circumstances. There is muoh /ok in a lady getting something like £800 j a fortnight's work in a city where 0 bad to be M supported" by gyn®f whioh any number of talented a$«e®f to clear out beoause they could Wt get 'it win be iet duwu by some people that the sins rjfksnanagere have been visited upoo them, and that the high " tevne' which there, has been an Opportunity to . r fro-., »hem is a retributive penalty justly imposed upon them, because they hate not kept those wbo are absent in Melbourne, rphia means that managers should not only starve themselves, but also be the cause of starvation to ; other for there is little to be got by legitimate professionals in the colony. For a long time they have hardly been able to make tucker, and though |fc is the fashion to rail at managers aB the cause &thil; state of things, it has been proved as dis tinctly as possible that the public lead managers, «ad not managers the public. Had it not been IbrBiokards and the gymnasts, the late season at Jt Oeorge's-hall would have been a failure. The public were informed last Saturday that there would be anniversary services held in St. Stephen's Church, Riohmond, on the following dsy, tad the terms of the advertisement suggest that there should be a column of the daily papers beaded "Sunday Amusements." Announcing "Sermons by the incumbent; organist, Mr. Plaisted," is a dear admission that the organ is , of as muoh importance as the pulpit as a " draw, ' and if the " show" business is to be mixed up with sanctuary services, it might as well be made the most of. Theie are always a number of po pular singers disengaged on Sundays, and if those who require some assistance to get their churches attended would do away with their sermons altogether, the change from dry theology to pro fessional melody would no donbt be a paying one, and, as regards the public, it might be an advantageous one. People could be much worse ooeupied than listening to the Carandini family, for instanoe, singing sacred music, but even such an attraction would hardly be sufficient if one of the general ran of sermons had to be endured along with the musical portion of the entertain ment. One of the wealthy lower order got taken down several pegB lately, through her connexion with the last Vice- regal ball, and though that gay and festive soene has passed away tor some little time, the tale to be told is of recent date. A lady had a country friend call to see her, and, as is usual on such occasions, the vanities of life, as manipulated in the latest fashion?, came up for discussion, there being a colonial youth present Whom sporting men would term " aged," he llhq past six years old. After some time had been spent in the usual chat, the lady of the house invited her visitor to inspect a certain dress which she produced, remarking, " There, my dear, I gave £25 for it to go to the Governor's ball jo." " Yes," observed young hepeful, " and Wasn't it a lark, for afte? mamma had paid for it, fllfoy wouldn't let her in." There is more than nue moral to be found in this story, one being ladies should make sure of an invitation to $borak before they prepare to go ; and another is, that people of questionable antecedents should not let juveniles into the secrets of their attempted Odal usurpations. The flower show is one of those vexatious affaire which the Bight Hon. Lord Dundreary would declare " no fellah can enjoy." You go to look at roses and posies," and cannot have the oppor tunity to see any of them, unless of two beauties you are disposed to admire the least. Yon are boosted with the lines of the old song — "By far the sweetest flower there Was the Bose of Allandale." $hs old toper of Eastcheap objected to do anything compulsion," and I have a dislike to pay for foBf amusement "on principle," and therefore thought twice before I paid once, even a shilling, ho sts the show ; but it was about the best-spent have got rid of since I paid 10s. 6d. to 'jgoiitt the first Exhibition, in 1851. The gather- lag Sf people" on Wednesday night was by far fhsbset that was ever got together in the city at lbs prioe, and the ladies seemed to have entered into some compact to " take the sbine" ent of the offspring of Mother Earth. The pre- MOM of so much locomotive loveliness was the part of the show, just as at the original Inhibition the ladies were the moBt observed et all observers. There were two masculine flower- f with me, who would persist at first in informing me " That's a splendid specimen but X managed to elevate their tasteB for the beautiful " ' by as perrietenly replying, "Yes, but Bhe's aot eb handsome as the one behind her," or " beside bflr as the position might be. They were not institute of discernment, and long before the band WVTO the signal to retire they bad abandoned their florieultural fanaticism, and agreed with Pope that " The proper study of mankind is woman." RAMBLER. 