"THE SEER OF THE AGES." SHAK9PE ARE'S MESSAGE. ANOTHER POOR AUDIENCE. The popularity of Mr. Peebles uppcars to be progressing backwards, as only a very limited audieoce attended the Temperance hail, Monday, to hear his second lecture. Tiie platform was deserted altogether by his friends and admirers, there being only himself, " brother" Dunn, and the chairman ; and in future, he said, he would dispense with the services cf anyone in the chair, which is rather an Unpleasant predicament for the committee to have him in. After bringing hitn so far they might have stuck to him a little longer, though, all things considered, it is not to be wondered at that they have had enough of their bad bargain. It is stated that they guranteed him a considerable sum for coming over, and they will make a dead loes if they Cut his acquaintance so soon. Perhaps they prefer putting their hands in their pockets to placing their bodies in the chair, and if this is the case it is some evidence that they have come to their senses since the seer's advent among them. The proceedings were commenced; Monday, by reading a few; verses from . the New Testament, after which Dr. Dunn read " a poem" written by Shakspeare through a medium. The audience were told that as the poem was read . they would perfceive the authenticity of the inspiration. It wa8-a tissue of the most stupid blank verse, with the exception of one or two lines pilfered from St. Paul, and if it is a specimen of what the immortal William csn write now, the sooner he drops poetry the better for his earthly reputation. Some one had evidently tried to parody bits and j scraps of the text, and a pretty mess they made j bf it. It commenced " To be or net to be, that's not the question," j and it went on to say that Shakspoire new knew that " Mortality is swalioWed up in life." He also assured the world (through the medium) that there Are " no Macbeths" prowling about in spirit land. Neither is there any Hamlet, nor even the Ghost of Hamlet's Father. There are no " Desdemonas" to be smothered, and " every Romeo finds his Juliet." Those porticos of the " reading" whch were not rubbish like this, were such alterations as "Thus ignorance makes cowards of ue all and it wound up with some other liberty taken with the "To be, .or not to be" line. The style of the composition was hot" unlike the harangue given by Dr. Dunn the other evening in the Masonic-hal1, and o.h1j that the spiritual authorship was given (name ahd ad dress) it might have bevu imagined that he had written it. Bad 6s it was, it was tht, best part of tne evening's performances. Mr. Peebles took for his text, "Now we see through a glass darkly," and before he had gone very far he proved clearly that the words were re markably applicable to his own pertteptioha of what he was trying to explain. He commenced by saying that " that deity or principle whom we term God!> had created man above the animals, and gave his ideas of " what is real and what is spiritual," there being nothing "real" but " spirit." The body is nothing ; merely " a thin gaseous, immaterial, shapeless nothing." By and bye it will be cast off. but whether it Will be "nothing" or something afterwards was not told. The next portion of the lecture Wss davoted to " personal experiences," but they were merely the old specimen# of spelling out names bv " one rap for fno' and throe raps for 'yes.'" Mr.' Peebles vouched for a lot of miracles, however, which, like the astounding cures performed by patent qaedicLnes, all came off a long way from where they are published. The cures which quacks advertise is Melbourne are generally effected at some other side of the globe, and so with spiritualistic miracles. One Dr. Newton turned a London cripple into a real "Jump Jim Crow" pedestrian, and Dr. Dunn had cured a man with a broken or damaged back — in America. There is an old lady living somewhere in the same locality (America), whom " the angels told to go to the house of one J #hn Williams," who had been confined to his bed for a long time with paralysis, and cure him. When Williams saw her he said " Get away you old hag," and she took bis advice, but called ou "good Elder Harney," who went back with her, and talked to William like a spiritual father. The consequence was he consented t« let the "old hag " try her skill. " She went to him, breathed a prayer, and said arise, Williams, and walk, and he arose and walked. Walked across the room and into the street, and came back bounding with joy. He said, madam, I thank you; but she said stop, don't thank me. It is not my power; it is the power of God." The whole story appeared to be a monstrous parody on the Biblical aooount of the perversity of the Assyrian leper, mixed up with the cure of the lame man at the gate of the Temple by the Apostle Peter, The New Testament statement is that the man commenced "walking and leaping" — the Yankee "came back bounding," like a spriog- heel'd Jaok. Mr. Peebles then explained how the spirits control mediums, the explanat ion of that pheno menon being that the epiriis are merely distill- bodied mesmerists. He guarantees that be can make a trance medium utter the thoughts which are passing in his own mind, he (Mr. Peebles) being yet in the body. In fact, he has done so onoe — in America, When he get# clear of the body it Will make no difference to the spirit which tfiil stlll be able to carry on its old iuuee. ' lecture concluded with some instructions coBceiti- ing "the formation of circles," with particular directions about how to become mediums. Th»imfr depends upon keeping the body clean outwardly and free from "swine's flesh" inwardly; M intoxicating drinks are also to be abandoned n|: tobaoOo ditto. ' ti these matters are attended to, the " medium" business is within anybody reach. 