CREED OE POPE PIUS IY. No. III. ;We iww come to the third article , in the distinctive creed of the Roman Catholic Church. It is as folloAvs : — - " I profess also that there are truly and pro- perly seven sacra nents of the new law insti-: tuted by our Lord Jesus Christ, and necessary) for. salvation," although not all' for every "one,) viz. Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Pen ance, Extreme Unction, Order, and Matrimony, that they confer grace and that of tliese — Baptism, Confirmation, and Order cannot be repeated without sacrilege. Also the received and approved rites of the Catholic Church in the solemn administration of all these afore said sacraments I receive and admit." Now, we will take in hand to say, in reference to this article, that it is not possible for any intelligent, thoughtful man to accept it as part of his belief, unless by shutting his eyes against all reason and evidence. . If a man will say ' that lie believes , all this simply because , he is required to say so, then indeed it may be part of his faith ; but if the belief of anything is not to depend on mere authority— if .it is. to, rest on evi- . clence, no man capable of thought or inves tigation can accept such a creed. The article speaks of seven, sacraments ; but where is the evidence that there are: " seven sacraments 1" If we be referred to Scripture, then the admission is made that Scripture is proof, and that every one. is competent to understand the proof; but when we go to Scripture and examine the passages alleged as proof, and endeavour to understand it, Ave are met by another article of this creed, which forbids us to interpret or understand any text unless as in accordance Avith the sense Avhich the Church gives, whose sole light it is to interpret Scripture ! "What Avill ever be proved by such reasoning as this ? What may not be proved by such preposterous trifling, which is- a splendid specimen of giving with the one hand and of taking away with the other. . " ' ' ! Jliet us, Jhowever, go to the .'Scriptures .with our Roman Catholic friends, and see whether or not this third article of the Creed of Pope Pius is to be found there. The first question then is, Avhat is a sacra- ment t The answer which Roman- Bishops and PripBts give is this : — "A sacrament is an outward sign or visible action, insti tuted by Christ, to give grace." Well, our inquiry is, are there seven such sacra ments to be found in Scripture 1 As to Baptism and the Lord's Supper, there is no question. Both these sacra ments were clearly instituted by Jesus Christ. . The passages in Scripture Avhich prove these two are so plain and un doubted that all Protestants accept them and constanily practice them. Well, the thing now to be done is to produce equally explicit . and undeniable proofs for the other five ; on the authority of Scripture let them be rejected or received. If they are found in Scripture, they are unques tionably true ; if they are not to be found there they ought to be rejected and denounced as false. Take " Confirmation" first. What is the proof that it Avas instituted by Christ 1 There is literally none / and the miserable attempts of the Catholic Avriters to force the belief Avithout jiroof ought to convince every candid and intelligent Roman Catholic that the sacrament is false. For example, the Catechism of the Council of Trent gives this ansAver : — " It was insti tuted by our Lord Jesus Christ ; and as St. Fabian, Bishop of Rome, testifies the chrism used in its administration Avas also appointed by him !" Will any Roman Catholic, Avith a particle of sense, say that this is proof 1 It is not only base and ungrounded assertion, but it is an asser tion which carries falsehood on the face of it. Then Dr. Doyle, in his catechism on Christian doctrine, says : — " The time of its institution is not certain ; but divines most probably hold it Avas instituted at Christ's last supper, or between His resur rection and ascension." Here again there is a practical admission that there is no proof whatever. Surely, if the existence of a depends upon its institution by &y;|jj!i.vwe have a right to demand from ; thji|e'>who allege the existence of the t'saainent the proof of Christ's,) instituting 'Yet, Dr. Doyle, one of the highest "GKtefcors "of the Church, admits that there is no passage in Scripture to prove that Christ instituted it; he knows, notihng about the when'h where, and the how ; all that he can say is, nidsi)probably it Avas instituted by Christ at one time or 'another ! Some Roman Catholic writers and Bishops refer us, in proof that Con firmation was instituted by Jesus Christ, 'to the Apostles laying their hands on cer- 'tain Samaritans, as mentioned in the Acts of the Apostles ! But this is more than trifling, and it is a clear demonstration that there cannot be produced one tittle of proof that- " Confirmation' is a sacra ment instituted by Christ." The Samar itans referred to received, by the laying on of the hands of the Apostles, the Holy Ghost, that is, the miraculous gifts of the Spirit of God ; for Avhen Simon, the sorcerer, saw that by the laying on the hands of the Apostles the Holy Ghost was given, he offered money to have the same power. 'The Samaritans, therefore, on Avliom the Apostles laid their hands, received the miraculous gifts of the Holy Ghost, and this was the favour Avhich the sorcerer coveted.— Acts vin., 14-19. If this, then, was " Confirmation," or, if Con- 'firination be Avhat the Apostle did to. the Samaritans referred to,: jjthen Ave demand the proof, in those miracles and aaronders Avkicli folloAved the laying on of the Apostles' hands. If those boys and girls, on Avhom the Romish Bishop lays his hands, Avill exhibit Avhat the sorcerer srav in the Samaritans referred to, then Aim Avill admit that the action of the Apostles was something like the: action of the Bishops ; but as nothing of the' sort can for a moment be pretended to, the dis honesty of referring to the passage quoted as a , .proof of Confirmation is a decided proof that ' ' Confirmation" is a human invention. The little boys and girls who are " confirmed" are anointed Avith holy oil, they get a slap on the cheek to signify the battlings of the Avorld, they are told that God has forgiven their sin, and then they are assured that they get an " indeli ble character" as soldiers of Christ ; but to pretend that that is the same thing Avhich the Apostles did to the Samaritans of old, when they laid their hands on them, ancl gave them power to work miracles and speak Avith tongues, is so gross an imposi tion that no honest man can possibly believe it. Take next " Penance." The question now is : — Is penance a sacrament instituted by Jesus Christ t It would be sufficient to, deny that the word, the thought, and not only the thing ever occurs in; the Scripture. In the new Testament: the word "Repentance" often happens ; but "Re pentance" is a totally different thing from Romish Penance. In the scripture " Re pentance'.' means, what the word itself explains, " change of mind." When the mind is changed towards God the life will also become changed ; but " repentance" is strictly the change of mind, while change of life is the natural fruit. But "penance" is an entirely different thing. It implies a priest sitting as God to hear confession: it implies a man, or a woman, or a child kneeling before him asking the most abominable and disgusting questions Avhich a priest can invent ; it implies a priest hunting after sin by sug gesting crimes which probably the penitent never heard of before ; it implies the priest appointing prayers and fastings and other penances by Avay of making repara tion for sin ; and then it implies the fear ful blasphemy of the priest pronouncing this absolution as a judicial acquittal. " Ego te absolvo a peccatis tuis, dec." Now, if we ask a Roman Catholic Bishop Avhat proof in Scripture is to be found that tins " Penance" is a sacrament instituted by Jesus Christ, Ave are referred to the passage — John xv., 22 — " He breathed on His disciples saying, Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; Avhose sins soever ye Avill forgive, they are forgiven; and whose sins ye retain, they are retained." But it is gross deceit to quote this passage, since, if Ave begin to inquire as to its meaning and application, Ave are peremptorily told, on pain of mortal sin, that Ave must not understand it in any other sense than as the Church understands it ; and the sense of the Church is briefly this, " that because the Apostles received poAver to bind and loose sin, therefore the Bishops and priests of the Roman Catholic Church- have received the same power ! We appeal to all candid Roman Catholics as to the dis honesty of this procedure. . The passage quoted does not and cannot serve the priest as a proof of " penance it says not one word about their sacrament; it says not one word about their having poAver to absolve from sin ; and therefore, before they Avill alloAv us to read it or consider it, they Avill exact from us the promise, under threat of damnation, that Ave shall understand it only in the sense which they have chosen to give it ! Men Avho Avould compel you thus to read a " Avill" would be denounced as rogues, and probably be committed to prison as intend ing fraud; and on no better ground does this so called sacrament of " Penance" rest ; it has no true ground to rest on at all ! We Avill continue this examination of the sacraments in our next. 