*; i THE COMING COLET. .. (eom the Snturday reiewr.) NERVoous people, as it is creditably stated, hayo been put to great anxioty by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet rushing straight towards us with amaziug rapidity from the remote abysses of space, and yoe pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it were running upon rails. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steood just as itis about to crush the heroine. Good-natured astronomers hlave akeon pains to explain that thero is no such comet coming; that, if it cworo coming, it would be a very welcome visitor; and thalt we have already passed through a comet, and found it loss obnoxious than a London fog. Tihe astronomers mean well; but they are terribly prosaic people. They ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have 'they not in their boyhood-for even astronomers have been boys-snatcheod a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural ldangers withll which a childish imagination loves to people the dim borders of its little world ? Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm and terror of his early years, and have all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? Astronomers have already taklen.terrible liberties with the comet of our ohildhood. The hugeo foiery monster plunging through the sky with a death-doaling tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were, a 'nathlomatical hookl put in its jaws, till his impressiveonoss has departed fromhim. We know the logoend of OCuvior's descent into the infernal regions, and of hIis deolaration that the horns and hoofs which fsrrifiod bur infancy wore unmistakablo proofs of a gramsivorous nature. Even so the comet has boon lowered in popular estimation till our skies have become as empty of horrors as Hyde Park of tigers. Sir W. Thompson, indeed, was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our anciont alarms, and to assure us that, some time or other, the world would be smashed to atoms, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a inotropolitan junction. Of course, hIis fellow-philosophers found fault with some of his dotails, for science is a remorseless enemy to poetry. L?et us, however, for a brief period "dally Tith.false surmise," and endeavour to return o" tho simple fiaith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the prophecy is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able without the help of tole scopes, to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than have over before affrightod tihe human race. It will grow, slowly at first, but afterwards with a rate of increase almost preteptiblo to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiery portent. Night by night we shall watch its terrible growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hottest room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall be conscious of oxcessive heat will be brief indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute *est, will crash into each other with a hideous collisiono. If we happen to be placed between ~o such antagonists, we shall not havo time ev?for an ejaculation. The petty race of "i-nse6 at crawls amongst the little oexcros onces on earth's skin will be instan conces on so ro xit taneouely disid from existence. On the other aside of the orld we shall, perhaps, have just one flash '.ensation. We shall see the mountains, withd6, any metaphor, skipping like rams, and be ourselves sent spinning into space just as thl.. dust-to indulge in a humble simile-is knocead off the under side of a carpet by the blows'u?on its upper surface. For an instant we shaut have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth starting off, each on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it--so we shall remember on the faith of a president of the British Association some minute germs to be planted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over again that endless process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion hero. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the comet, but are wrapped in his fiery tail, Wihich will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the internal ice of the polos, and singo the Tqrld into the likeneuoss of an American prairie after a fire. Nothing will be loft but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually tobe converted into mud as the waters again condense and descend upon the depopulated planoti:.Alash t e canrnot claim the elouennce which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendoilus catastrophes. Mhilton, writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cummingi mightpossibly be equal to the task'of describing the complete and instan taneous ruin of a world; but nature is not prodigal, she only gives one such mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare out lines of a purely imaginary picture, which our readers must fill up for themseelves. It is rather curious to inquire what would be the state of our minds if such a catastrophe could really be predicted on sciontifio grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it is highly probable that we should resolutely deoline to :believe anything so unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in maths. matice, and we should insist upon our prophets prophesying smooth things, even if they hbud to twist afew laws of nature fior the purpose. But let us imagine that this dificulty is sur mounted. If we were all really convinced that at four o'clock p.m., Greenwioh time, on the 12Lth of August, the whole human race and its dwelling-place would be summtorily knocked to atboins, what would be the effect on our minds? The most natural suPlo6sitrid is, perhaps, that the whole course of affairs would be thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of strong religious feeling would either go into retire ment, or would endeavour to awaken the con soiences of the sinners around them; whilst the sinnere would become utterly reckless, and would romember that theor was no uso in keeping a collar of wine to he consomid by a comet. Someeosch tondency would, of courso, he manifest; but the qunasion remains, how far it would he overpowered by the opposite tendency to be carried on by simplo vis inerties in our own grooves, After a little time one would become more or leo neooustomed to the prospect. One would foal that, if it woe not worth while to ndeortkeo anything new, neither was it worth while to give up the old employmunts which have become ncoessary parts of our existence. There are innumerabli storios, such as that of the man who insisted on taking his aooustomod pill an hour before ho was hanged; and, if we were all under sontence of exeoution-as, indeed, eormoni are apt to remind us that we are, even with out the intervention of a comet-it is perhlips reasonable to suppose that we should not in the namo spirit. The great bulk of mnnkind would ay, "it's all very well ; we shall not want any tliing more after, the 12th of August ; bui that is no reason why we should. not: have our regular meals and enjoy our newspapers at breakfast." 