ROME PAGAN AND PAPAL ; OR THE FOURTH EMPIRE OF DANIEL. (Rev, xiii. & xvii.) 11\. We pass on from the Papal Church to consider in the next place the Papal Dominion. Listen to the explanation given lsy the angel of tho beast that carried this mystical woman. " The beast that thou sawest was, and ia not ; and shall "ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition ; and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that was, and is not, and yet is. " This symbolical beast is clearly and evidently the fourth empire or dominion described by Daniel the Prophet ; the empire which succeed that founded by the Greeks, that is to Bay, the Roman Empire. It is the idolatrous Empire of Rome, as consisting of the different Papal nations ; and though under a new name and a different form, upholding and promoting idolatry as surely as it did in its Pagan State. Just as the rider is supported and carried by the beast upon which he sits, so the Church of Rome is supported and borne by this empire. And as the beast is guided and con trolled, curbed in or goaded on, according to the pleasure of him who rides it, bo have the Papal kingdoms submitted implicitly to the guiding hand, the restraining power, or the impetuous rage of the Romish Church. There is a sacred enigma, connected with the Papal dominion, expounded by the angeL Ho declares respecting it : It was, and is not, and yet is. A wild beast 18 always in Scripture the emblem of an idolatrous kingdom. St. John had been shown in vision the whole history of Rome, from her first rise as a pagan dominion to the time of her final destruction, in her Papal form. When this is borne in mind, we shall have no difficulty whatever in solving the apparently dark expression, " was, and is not, and get jV.-,!' are here used. From the foundation of Rome to the conversion of Constantine this empire tons — it existed as an idolatrous dominion ; and nearly for the last three hundred years of this period (since the Kindnm of Heaven was set up ia the days of these kings) it was a cruel and bittor persecutor of the Church of Christ. But when we look for this idolatrous empire after the wonderful revolution commenced by Constantine and eomplotod by Theodosius, it cannot be found. We may safely pronounce, " It hi not." One of its heads— its last pagan head — has been wounded unto death. The supreme upholder of idolatry has fallen ; the great dragon is cast out. The throne of the Ctesars is now occupied by a Christian. By the signal victories of the great Constantine over all his rivals, and by the laws and decrees of the Christian emperors that followed after, paganism has received a deadly wound. These are the words of G'bbon : " The last edict," he says, " of Theodosius, inflicted a deadly wound upon the superstition of the pagan." For seventy years (if we except the short reign of Julian the Apostate) the supreme power is in the hands of a professed Christian, and the empire is ruled by Christian laws. Where then, is the Deinothcrium, the savage and bloodthirsty monster, which was tho fittest emblem of pagan and idolatrous Rome ? It has disappeared and gone. " The beast was,, and is not." But, lo ! the terrible monster revives again. It is restored to life after it seemed to be slain. See, the deadly wound Is healed ; and ail th« world iB wondering after the astonishing domi nion that rises from the ruins of the old Roman empire. Paganism rivives again in Popery. The emperors, who kept the Man of Sin in check as long as they resided in the seven-hilled city, are taken out of the way. They have made Constantinople the royal city ; and now Antichrist is beginning to be re vealed. By the exertion of his deepest craft and most exquisite subtleties, the Old Serpent has transferred to the Popes of Rome the power, and the seat, and the great authority of the an cient masters of the world. Antichrist has got a dominion, witli Rome for its capital, which is the very image, or rather the reproduction, of the empire in its former state. People, and na tions, and tongues submit now to the dictation of tie Pope, and receiove their laws and their orders from him, even as the distant provinces submitted to their imperial masters, and were foverned by the Roman laws in ancient times, 'opery, it has been said by one who speaks most vividly, and ' describes most graphically, " Popery is but the ghost of the old Roman em pire, haunting the graveyard of the seven-hilled city." It is a phantom formidable only to ignorance. In the dust of paganism it picked up the title of Pontifex Maximus, and humbly brought it as a present to the Pope. This title; which belonged to the supreme ruler of pagan ism from the most ancient times, is possessed by the Pope to this very day. What is its incense, and its holy water, and its lighted tapers ; what are all its countless mediators and its votive offerings, its gaudy processions and its splen did shows ; what are all these, and a thou sand such-like things ; what are they all, but shreds and patches of Rome's ancient pagan ism? "lean imagine nothing," said the lato Dr. Arnold, "more wicked than the Papal system. It is just the old heathenism, and I should think a worse systom of deceit. " Then he adds, " I do not know what name of ab horrence can be too strong for a religion, which, holding the very bread of life in its hands, thus feeds tko people with poisou." The Pope's religion, with another name, but scarcely in a different form, is as truly idolatrous, as evi dently blasphemous, and as assuredly opposed to the true Gospel, as paganism itself. when, therefore, we look at the Papal dominion, what do we see?' A savage monster with seven heads and ten crowns, and upon his heads the names of blasphemy. The beast which thou sawest, was, and is not, and yet is. It was from Romulus to Constant, ine. It is not under the Christian emperors. It is under the Popes of Rome, from the beginning of the seventh century to the present time. Both the origin and the destiny of this won derful dominion are also described. As to its origin, it shall ascend out of the bottomless pit. As an empire, Papal Rome rose out of the flood of Gothic invasion ; but as Antichrist's kingdom, and with all the features and properties that make it such, it rose ot of the bottomless pit. Everything peculiar to Popery, as distinct from the Gospel, is the invention of Satan, and comes from him and his false and wicked associates. No one can heartily believe the grand lie of Popery without giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils. Demons are the authors and inventors of a considerable part of the Papal worship, as well as the objects and the subjects of it, The whole system of invoking saints and angels, and employing them as mediators and intercessors is nothing but the revival, under another name, of the ancient demonolatry as it was practised by the Pagans. This is eminently and especially subversive of tlie Gospel, anil ' a departure from the faith.' Then as to the 'destiny' of this false and wicked system. As surely as it rose from the bottomless pit, so certainly it shall go to des truction. . It came from beneath, and it shall go . to its own place. Yes, it must revert to' its original, and to the place from whence it came, thither must it return again. For this is a never failing law established by the moral Governor of the world. Everything that comes from the pit of destruction is conducive to it. And what comes from heaven leads to heaven. If we receive the truth as it comes to us in the Gospel from the God of truth, it will certainly conduct us to the habitation of his holiness and his glory in hesven above. But if we are car ried away by the deceits and inventions of the father, of lies, and prefer the wicked delusions of superstitious vanities to the sanctifying verities of -eternal. truth, that lie which we love and that deceit which we chose, will certainly bring us to that dreadfol prison which is prepared for him that ' lovetli' as well as for him that ' mak- eth a lie. Nothing but that gracious disposition of heart which inclines us meekly and rever ently to receive and obey the pure truth of the Gospel can certainly preserve us from the ' witchcrafts,' and the 'sorceries,' and the de lusions of Antichrist. They that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the Book of Life from the « founda tion of the world, when they behold the beast that .was and is not and yet is.' It is a righteous thing with God that 'they who' re ceive not the truth in the love of it, should be given up ' to strong delusion to believe a lie.' On the other hand, it is the sure mark of Gotl's gracious choice of all those to eternal salvation who meekly and. reverently receive the simple Gospel into their hearts. We remember the re markable contrast drawn by the apostle between believing the lie of Antichrist and receiving the , truth of the Gospel. See what he says to the believing Tliessolonians immediately after he had been describing the delusion of the great apostacy— 2 Tilks.s. ii. 13-14. 