"LAC TOi'TRi' " TV?ST AG AI.Y TO TIMR EDITOR OF THE GIPPSLAND TIMES. Su,--fr. John " Laotometor" West, manager of the Maffra Oheose Factory, is either a much maligned individual, or he is a man who is placed in the unplea. spnt position of being found out. In common with many others, who take an interest in the factory. I fully expected he would have replied to the " specifica charges" brought against him by " urke's Ghost"-for which he himself' expressly asked-but as he has chosen to 'remain silent I am forced to the conclu. sion that there is more in them than meets' thp eye; and that he is unable to say any. thing in refutation of them. When Mr. West first bronght his charge against Mr. Williams, he sarrounded it with such a anlo of circumstantiality that I felt dis pdkgd to regard him as a man fearless in o caxeetion of his duty, but I have sinee had reason to alter my opinion. The first thing that stnggered my belief in him was the admission extracted from him at the public metling that he had actually sent back Mr. Williams' milk as inferior without first havinu tested it, and his extraordinary statement [that he was such an expert judge of the article as to be able to tell by feeling it alone whether or not it was good. A few other matters have since come to light to strengthen my belief that he is not the pure article I at first took him to be, and now his re fusl to reply to the chargesof the "Ghost" confirm me in my opinion that he is notthe " correct Stilton." The more I consider the milk charge the more I am dissatis. .fied with it, and as there are some points which Mr "Lastometer" West dsd not make clear in his very lucid (P) ex planation at the meeting, I will venture to ask for information, even at the risk of being treated as contemptuously as the " Ghost." What I wish to know is this: What was the size of the pan in which Mr Scott set the milk that came from Mr Williams'. and what was the quantity of milk so set P These I take it are very simple questions, and. as Mr West sought to make so much capital'out of the fart of the milk being set by Mr Scott, I think that in justice to the. public he should reply to them. It may not be conrenient for him to do so, and he may shelter himself behind his old plea of not replying to anonymous correspondents, but if he does not vouchsafe the required in(ormation I may find a means ofobtain. ing it elsewhere, when I will assuredly publish it, and' perhaps a few other' matters also he would rather not hearn about. Awaiting his reply,. I am, Sir, Yours obediently,. L&C; Maffra, January 30. The following, from an American paper, are given as a sample of the questions asked of the druggists of New York bythe exam ining commissioners :-Who are you any way? Are you a man or a woman; if so, why? Who invented drug Latin? How do you know? )Vhat is the difference between matterin medica and medical materials? If yon saw a blind dog go mad, would you help him to see bin way out ; if not, why not t Did you ever use Allcock's porous plater ; and, if yes, did you ever get it off? And if yes, didn't it hurt? Was ehloro. dyne invented by Dr. Syntax; and if not, why not? Would you persistently dose infants and adults with ehlorodyne; and if the former, why? What commission do you allow the doctors on their prescriptions ? Can you tell the ingredients of all your stock? If yes, what are peppermint lozenges and red-back tooth brushes made of ? Suppose a man rushes wildly into your stores, tearing his hair, wiping his eyes, groaning severely, with both hands on his stomach, and pallor in his cconteanace,what would you do ? Would you ask him what in thunder he was making all that noise for, or would you endeavour to sell him some hair oil? If not, why not Would you administer Bull's sarsaparilla for the cowpox, if so when ? Would life drops be of any service to an expiring ox; and if so, who? What will you give me if I sign your certiticate ? When will you hand me the money? And if now, how much? " Mary, my love, this apple dampling is not half done."-" Well, finish it the", my dear." 