? gitfRCHOr ENGLAND SYNOD. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. .,,„ following is an abridgment of the address, tred to in our last issue, delivered by his Eghin the Bishop, at the opening of the WSession of the Church of England Dio- Synod, on the 27th Feb. His Lordr having first referred to the fact that Synod [that year met at Hnbart Town by the wish L e Council of Advice, and noticed some 3 which had taken place during the f year in the removal of old incumbents and induction of new ones, the building of new relies, «fcc., went on to refer to the state of Gene'raliChurcli Fund, as follows :— encral Church Fund.—As new cures are pied and more resignations on the part of i scheduled chaplains are probable, and in ie cases desirable by reason of physical innitv or age, it becomes imperative that a. re systematic effort should be made througlit the diocese to meet those calls which are hnning to press heavily upon us. The time [come for a more rigid census, as well as a L perfect system of collecting funds. A fcement, creditable to our northern brethern, Mr Campion in particular, has been made the purpose of enrolling all bona fide jnbers of the Church who desire to be befitted by her ministrations, and to per- flate and extend them. The system of Lrochial Associations," sanctioned by the hod some years ago by my recommendation, fcn organisation ready to hand, and should no jger be allowed, as it has been allowed, to fep. A " General Church Society" should be Jnied ; a nominal roll of members in every [ish with their subscriptions attached, should required ; and a report should be annually blislied. Nothing short of this, as men are btituted, will have the effect, as the ftory of all such societies shows us, exciting and sustaining that combinai of effort which the case demands, grant, also, that such effort is a salutary ication, preparing the way for the time when fte-Aid will be withdrawn from those ishes. But one duty should not stand in the ' of a still higher, and it is most clear that no ly can stand so high, or be so imperative, ^ding upon all those who accidentally have i greater share of the State grant, and are on fc account left freer to discharge it as their by, of contributing to the wants of their own Ihren and the missionary wants of the Irch. It is my pleasure and duty to bear pess to the growing devotion and zeal of the Cgy. My personal knowledge of the diocese Itbles me to say this. The returns, which )w the proportion of churchmen to the popuon, as well as of the clergy to the members of 3 Church, and of candidates for confirmation the number of the clergy, are, especially len compared with neighboring dioceses, very isfactory. We have also no reason to comlin of want of zeal among our foremost and presentative laymen. What we do need is mething, whatever that something may be, for tending that zeal, and diffusing it among that •ge class of apathetic churchmen who do not il the importance of the Church's work, and 10 contribute by their labors, their influence, their money, nothing towards it. Cathedral Chapter.—In my efforts to erect a 11 Cathedral Church in this diocese, my Beet from the first has been riot only to build [edifice, which in its material character might serve the name of a Mother Church, but glit also provide a more settled body of frisers to the Bishop, in his spiritual adminis- Ition of the diocese, furnishing him with Vdjutors in the examination, and, if possible, ;lie preparation of candidates for holy orders, ordmg to the most ancient precedent. There also other questions, which belong to the srnal life of the Church, for the solution of c " ™ e Bishop may properly look to the p and sympathy of experienced and judicious isbyters. I might indeed, by exercise of a (ht secured to me by her Majesty's letters pent have myself nominated all tlie memfs of the Chapter. But in that case there S I e n en a da n S er of my being unduly ttuenced by accidental and private friendship. Q i therefore, the Synod, after the jampie 0t other colonial dioceses, to share with 11 the responsibility of the selection. A corn- Fee was nominated at the session of 1869 L, !+ C ° n eration oftlle subject, and that mmittee recommended the Synod to adopt the . esc ei>t the one which proposed the "S of l a y members as well as clerical. My remains unaltered as to the wisdom of rpmntongigy members, which might consist of, licm nf +r clud ?', tllela y representatives and parisl1 of S t \- Ovid's. But over Lr ,? , tlle ? e of a Cathedral, there are kthedrl SS^portant ' to which the English S sum3 arebem f once more turned. They may i S * U P ^der three heads. They should saLed^?" P0EeS J 0f P ra y er . of preaching, and ore or i^le,and jin all these respects, should be thourrh ui exa mples to the whole diocese, ied not. )V„ Prese . tlt ? services which cannot and hatever LT^* 1 out any parish church. e prone*,? tends to make the Cathedral bscnW of the wliole diocese will make it d CMnentL 1 °^er i ullotion as a uniter and r the Svnnil , .^l 118 end the canons elected tlie wliolp ^ 1C H ltself is the representative ld if thev .^ r' institute the chapter, 'thin it/ w^r J 6 au y P ra «tical duties tation and and bccome preachers by 8uch other functions as ncated, We should, as churchmen, rise WEEKLY higher to the conception of a diocese—not as being a disintegrated number of isolated parishes but as a compact whole, consolidated and strengthened by the Cathedral—as the mainspring of its diocesan life. Christ's College.—The time has come for taking steps for the re-opening of Christ's College. The Synod at its last session passed a resolution requesting me to take steps for the transference of the trust to the Synod trustees. Such transference can only be effected by the authority of an Act of Parliament, and it becomes a question worth discussion whether or not it would not be preferable, if it be thought expedient to appeal to the legislature to carry out the original design of applying for a charter of incoporation. Licensing System.—Last year I drew your attention to one of the most gigantic evils which arrest the progress of the Gospel in every part of the British dominions. You passed a resolution which has not been without a salutary effect. It gave a moral weight to the exertions of Christian men of every denomination, who for their common love to men and to Christ have bound themselves together for the protection of the workingclasses against snares which it requires almost a miracle to escape. If from the fear of temporary inconvenience, arising from the loss of revenue, or from unwillingness to confront any unfair combinations of vested interests (the very magnitude of which bears witness to the magnitude of the evil) the legislature is powerless, and the licensing system is practically a national permission to 6pread moral and physical ruin, then such men ask, on the part of those E who pay the rates, liberty to take the matter into their own hands whenever a preponderating majority desire it. One thing is clear. It is not fair, nor wise, nor Christian, to demand of the publican a large price for his licence, and practically tell him that, since it is wanted for the revenue, he can indemnify himself, amidst the general competition, by encouraging habits of drunkenness, or adulterating the drink of the people. If it be so, no wonder that a population, growing in enlightenment and conscious of the power of co- operation, will rise up and forbid the repetition of scenes, too often reported in our newspapers, under the pa> tronage of a "licensing system." The bold and uncompromising front presented by The United Kingdom Alliance," has induced The Times newspaper to speak the word of warning to the licensed victuallers in the following terms :—" When the Alliance says that the drink trade ' tends to increase crime, waste the national resources, corrupt the social habits, and destrpy the health and lives of the people,' the view is far nearer the truth than the complaceut optimism of the licensed victuallers, as adopted and avowed by Mr Bass. One party is so horrified at the abuses of the liquor traffic that it has become blind to its uses ; but the other shuts its eyes to the most glaring facts, and refuses to recognise any abuses at all. When it is pretended, on behalf of the trade, that the consumption of intoxicating liquors in this country is neither immoderate nor pernicious, the common sense of the public rebels against the assertion. Whatever may be the figures and statistics of the case—and they are, at all events, so prodigious that no two computations come within ten millions of each other—it is certain they tell us a terrible tale. Probably most people would be ready to allow that a good half of all the money spent upon drink is spent to bad purpose—wasted, as regards the outlay, worse than wasted, as regards the result. Irish Church.—To turn to the Church in her work elsewhere. Since we last met, we have watched with intense sympathy the progress of the Irish Church in her critical process of selforganisation. Her course has been fully worthy of her earlier history, directed, as it has been, under the Providence of God, by wise and learned counsels. Her solemn " declaration," drawn up at her great convention, runs in the name of " the Archbishops and Bishops of this, the ancient and Apostolic Church of Ireland, together with the representatives of the clergy and laity." The principal things declared on this very point are so essential, so vital, and so instructive to ourselves, isolated as we are at this end of the world ; in danger, if we are rash, of being drawn " from our moorings by any wind of doctrine," without power of appeal at home, without, as yet, a general provincial Synod in Australia that I will venture to recite them to this Synod. 1\. "The Church of Ireland doth, as hereto fore, accept and unfeignedly believe all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, as given by inspiration of God, and containing all things necessary for salvation ; and doth continue to profess the faith of Christ as professed by the primitive church." 2. "The Church of Ireland will continue to minister tlie doctrine, and sacraments, and the discipline of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded ; find will maintain inviolate the three orders of Bishops, Priests or Presbyters, and Deacons in the sacred ministry." 3. "The Church of Ireland, as a Reformed and Protestant Church, doth hereby reaffirm its constant witness against all these innovations in doctrine and worship, whereby the primitive faith liath been from time to time overlaid and defaced, and which at the Reformation this Church did disown and reject." 4\. " The Church of Ireland doth receive and approve " the Book of Common Prayer and the Thirty-nine Articles ; and " will continue to use the same, subject to such alterations only as may be made therein from time to time by the lawful authority of the Church." 5. "The Church of Ireland will maintain communion with the sister Church of England, and with all other Christian churches agreeing in the principles of this declaration ; and will set forward as far as in it lieth quietness, peace, and love, amongaJlChristian people." 6. "The Church of Ireland, deriving its authority from Christ, who is the Head over all things to the Church, doth declare that a General Synod of the Church of Ireland, consisting of the Archbishops and Bishops, and of representatives of the clergy and laity, shall have chief legislative power therein, and such administrative power as may be necessary for the Church, and consistent with its Episcopal constitution." I think that many of our statutes might be modified after the model of the Irish Church with advantage. I do not doubt that that Church has benefitted greatly by our own colonial experience, and we shall do well to take advantage in turn from its matured counsels. We may, for example, learn much from their statutes upon the mode of electing their Bishops for vacant dioceses, and their Presbyters for vacant cures, as well as for the constitution of our Ecclesiastical Court, in all which particulars experience has shown some radical defects. It will be well, I take the occasion to say, that the Synod should indicate more precisely the method which should be taken for the election of representative members of a General Provincial Synod, which probably will be summoned by tlie Metropolitan within a few months. The same mode of election might also govern the appointment to any vacancy, whenever it occurs, among the members of the Cathedral Chapter. Tlie Church of Ireland, separated from her union with the Church of England by the Legislative Act of Disestablishment, has been wise enough and catholic enough to see her right position. She does not call herself, she does not consider herself " the Church of England in Ireland," but remembering her antiquity and independence, she claims for herself a separate existence, side by side, as a sister. The Australian Church, springing from the Church of England, and deriving her mission more directly from her, stands in the relation of a daughter, and, like a daughter grown up to adult estate, as soon as her appointments are complete, she must also claim for herself an independent existence. The terms of her communion with the Mother Ohurch need not by any means imply a bondage to all her ordinances or canons, but in common with the Irish, the Scotch, and the American Episcopal Churches, the terms must express a simple agreement to abide by those foundation truths of Apostolic doctrines and Apostolic orders, which we have received from Apostolic times. Organic unity with the Mother Church may be more fully secured in two ways, which must soon engage the attention of a General Australian Council. One course will be to require all future Bishops to take a double oath of obedience, an oath to the Archbishop of Canterbury as well as to tlie Metropolitan. The other course will be to require each Bishop to take the single oath of obedience to the Metropolitan, while the Metropolitan on his part may be required to take the oath of obedience to the Archbishop of Canterbury. My own views were expressed in a reply to the Bishop of London, now the Archbishop of Canterbury, and were expressed in the December number of the Church News. Tlie wise course for a Colonial Church is to follow closely the rule of the Mother Church until the fuller organisation of a General Provisional Council shall have had power given to it to control the undue independence of each diocese, and to secure organic unity throughout the whole Australian Church. Without such check, imposed from the earliest age, a solitary diocese would be in danger of becoming nothing more than a sect, conveniently^ perhaps free from the conflict of opinions, but" liable to stagnation in action; some inward lake without indeed a ripple, but without breadth, or depth, or life. Modern Controversy.—Until, therefore, a General Provincial Synod shall have had time to propound its canons for the future discipline of the Australian Church, let us exercise all Christian forbearance, allowing to each other the same liberty in disputed points which we claim for ourselves. Uniformity is possible among lifeless pebbles, but we, as living stones, must look for unity, not uniformity. I am not aware that any change in the mode of conducting divine service has occurred for years past, calculated to offend tlie congregation of worshippers. Certainly no expression of dissatisfaction or personal grievance, on the part of any congregation, or even any member of a congregation, has formally, or informally, reached me, and I earnestly hope, however, that a ready obedience to the law will, as far as posfible, be paid, wherever the law has been clearly and indisputably laid down. Some men object to the court of final appeal in England, upon the ground of its secular character, as an intrusion into the province of the Church, and it may be a question how far its judgments have legal effect here. I do not share the objection to its constitution, inasmuch as its duty is limited to the interpretation and not the promulgation of ecclesiastical law, although in common with most people, I am glad to know that the constitution of the Judicial Committee of Appeal will soon be greatly amended. The decision, in the case, Shepperd versus Purchas, has pronounced certain novelties illegal, and whether or not such judgment can be enforced upon the daughter churches, I am prepared to use all my influence in repressing any effort to introduce them, were there any disposition to do so. On the other hand, when the prohibition extends to customs, which the good sense of English churchmen has never restricted, then the maxim Mos pro lege will be accepted, and a large-hearted charity will at length prevail. The second report of the Royal Commissioners proposes that any three communicant parishioners might appeal against the introduction of novelties in divine service to the Bishop, without the expense and other evils of a suit, the Bishop would be the natural judge how far such customs were innocent, conmctwlinc* landabiles, and how far departure from them were expedient. A Bishop, of all men, should plead for the greatest possible exercise of liberty, but he is bound by his office and by public opinion to restrain such liberty within the limits of the law or the customs of the Church. If in our own diocese there have been so few grounds of complaint, it should not be forgotten that such infrequcncy may be due to tlie personal influence and private admonition of thy liishop, by which he can exercise a far more wholesome effect than through the machinery of a law court. The one disavows, the other provokes opposition. Let us not forget that harmony is quite consistent with variety of sentiment. Great pinciples indeed, such as those for which our forefathers laid down their lives, must be protected by those in authority, but in all details other motives must have room to play. Established custom, diversity of taste and sentiment, prejudices of education, will ever appeal from the law of Ecclesiastical Courts to the higher law of Christian kindness. If any of us, my brethren, ever find a difficulty in tolerating the opinions of other men who we know are as zealous and are influenced by the same love of Christ as we are, let us bear in mind the Apostolic maxim, " overcome evil with good." Some divergencies must be expected in every Church and age, whenever there is seen increasing activity and zeal among the clergy, and so far they are, as well as the hot discussions that accompany them, health}' signs. But I doubt whether any benefit comes from religious controversy at Synodal meetings. Few have the necessaiy patience or logical power to convince their fellow men, and whatever fails to do this can but do harm by exciting passion in our own breasts or the breasts of other. If duty calls upon us to state our opinions, let us honestly state them, and leave them to the force of truth andtheSpirit's power. As it was in the days of the prophets and of the Baptist, God will bring gifted men to the front whenever He sees the necessities of His Church shall need them. In making these remarks in the interests of toleration, I need not repeat to you that with the ultra- ritualistic movement at home I have myself no substantial sympathy whatever. I'll belie my life-long convictions if I had. Had, indeed, that movement confined itself to making more prominent the duty of Holy Communion, or upholding the dignity of the office by which ordained men, chosen of God as representatives of the people, present their sacrifices of praises and thanksgiving, or, "the offering up to Christ of the Gentiles," so far my sympathy would have gone with it. I need not again remind you that there ever have been and ever will be two great schools within the Church, and so long as neither outsteps its proper bounds, they serve as useful checks to each other. There is much ground of congratulation that at home, in spite of great excesses, which had distinguished some Churches before they were condemned as „ unlawful, and in spite of defiant language expressed subsequently by a few excited men, there seems no disposition to push an advantage to an extremity, no threat of fresh prosecution so long as the novelties specially objected, to were discontinued. Indeed, the enforcement of uniformity in detail has ever proved to be simply * impossible. If it was so even in the days of Laud, it is still more so now. In examining the state of the Church at home, we should ever bear in mind that in seasons, when mutual forbearance has been disturbed, it is important to take into account the difficult position %f a Bishop. If he is required, against his judgment, to enforce a literal compliance with the rubrics in one direction, he must, for consistency's sake, do so in another, and his difficulties are greatly increased when, in times of excitement,he appeals,but often in vain, to reason and good feeling. So long as we all preach Christ and Him crucified, and from the Cross evolve the doctrines of human depravation, the atonement, justification by faith in His .merits, the sanctifying influences of the Holy Spirit, and each fundamental evangelic truth ; so long as we abide by Apostolic order and discipline, we may well afford to exercise toleration in matters of subordinate importance. German Catholicism.—To stop short, of the true principles of corporate union, and to substitute expressions of kindly regard or occasional passages of brotherly fellowship, would be largely to compromise ourselves in relation to the great movement of liberal Catholicism in Germany. I hail with satisfaction the adoption, on the part of that national movement, of the very fundamental principle that underlies the English and the Irish, and every other branch of the Anglo-Saxon Church. As a witness against the Roman doctrine of development, it is asserted in the second article of the programme drawn up at Munich, " a dogma, to be valid, must be in accordance with Holy Writ and the old traditions of the Church, such as they have been conveyed to us in the writings of the recognised Fathers and the decrees of the Church—i.e., of the undivided Church." In the third article of the same programme we read—"If these reforms are carried out, and_ the road of science and progressive Christian culture is steadily pursued, we. expect that the time -will come when an understanding will be effected with the various. Protestant Churches as well as with the Episcopal Churches of England and America." Air this, points to a possible and glorious future in which the far-spread English Church, may, in the Providence of God, have yet to sustain a part, a future, which would be rendered much less uncertain, and much more glorious, if we had not to lament our internal divisions and outward schisms. As members of a reformed • church we cannot but feel a deep interest in this Alt-Catholic movement. We can easily understand how the sturdy independence of the ' German character has men in arms against the doctrine of the personal independence or the Pope. Much allowance, however, must be made, and xnucli prayer ifl needed on behalf of a movement in Germany, where that grand scandal of the Reformation, a sceptical rationalism, creates the re-actionary yearning after some historical development of an infallible guide ot faith. . Tn conclusion, allow me to express the hope that no words uttered in the warmth of debate, calculated to irritate or to wound, will be allowed to bring discredit upon ov.r Church or our Synodical institution. For sixteen centuries after Christ no questions were brought before the Synods fov the purposes of eager debate, or for division into majorities and minorities. The object was to obtain public consent, and to deliver authoritative utterance to measures already discussed and approved. The temper and necessities of the age have changed all this, and the fifth century need not necessarily furnish an exact model to the 19tli. But if subjects must be discussed which excite controversy let us at least show ourselves worthy of the -work which the age has given to us, the object of whicli should be the increase of mutual forbearance during the succeeding year, mutual respect,and more active and loving co-operation. Men who live detached from their fellow-men, and have learnt to love the truth which they have received through certain formulas, are naturally apt to identify the truth itself with their mode of stating it. The object of Synodical meetings should tend to counteract this narrowness of our own private views and intolerance of otlier men's. Let us bear in mind that we live in an age of shaken and. unsettled opinions. The discoveries of science and a speculative restlessness are the cause, which it is the office of the Church to control and direct, not impugn or slight. If the Church, great as she has been in the ages past, and great as she is still, shall ever lose her opportunity, and therefore her power, • it will arise from her own disunion and disorganisation, which will give an advantag3 to the forces of schism and unbelief, which no other power would furnish. Let us bear in mind the strict and solemn tribunal before which we all soon must stand. Li the light which beams from that awful tribunal, how trivial will appear our transitory controversies upon profoundest mysteries, how puerile our questions of ephemeral ceremonies ! How all important our faithfulness in .bringing sinners to repentance, and wandering prodigals to their fathers ; and our brotherly kindness one towards another ! If we expect to live in Heaven, and to attain to higher and yet higher degrees of love there, let us avoid all bitterness and wrath, and for this end, let us pray for the gift of the Holy Spirit. It was when tlie i first "disciples were filled with the Holy Ghost)" that with "great power they gave witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and thoinultitudes of them tliat believed . Verc of one heart and of one soul." The Synod then adjourned till seven o'clock. 