THE EDUCATION BILL OF VICTORIA. | From the Argus, December 3.) I THE rejection of the amendment attempted to be made in the 9th clause of the Education Bill by Mr. T T. A'Beckett, in the Legislative Council, with a view to give the head or the authorised representative of each of the religious de- nomination!) a voice in the application of funds arising from the sale or letting of lands held in trust for school purposes, is undoubtedly a matter for congratulation There was something very suspicious in the zeal and per- sistency with which the two gentlemen who are more particularly identified with the prelacy in this colony attempted to carry their object One of those gentlemen drew an affecting pick me of the terrible consequences which had resulted from the misconduct of an unmanageable trusted , but neither Mr O'Shanassy nor Mr A'Beckett seemed to be at all alive to the fact that if the head of their respective j Churches, or of any other religious denomina- tion, were entrusted with the power sought to be conferred upon them, the proceeds of the sins of school lands in one district might be appropriated to Dononnna tional purposes in a locality situated at the other end of the colony. We think, therefore, that the Upper House exercised a sound discretion in refusing to amend the 9th clause in the direction indicated and we hope that the trustees of school lands generally will be found to concur in opinion with Mr. Lyon, whose letter we published yesterday, that " the trustees of that body would indeed be insensible to their duties wire they to refuse the liberal proposal of the Government, and neglect to merge their Denominational schools in those of the State There an bo nodttlluulty in arriving at an agreement as to the nature and amount of the secular instruction to be communicated in the latter and as to the religious teaching, the ministers of the various persuasions may surely come to some amicable arrangement Kr occupying the school buildings on certain evenings in the week. " Little children," as we all know, constitute the special tare of the clergy, and this is so fully recognised by the church of England that, when it bestows the authority of a nation upon its future ministers, the bishop expressly to 5 ins tri so who are ordained " to instruct the youth in Ititi (Jntcihism , " while, in the fabric of that doctrinal abstract which has been always held to be the simplest and most illicneiiuH medium for the conveyance to the young of the truths and due us of the Christian religion, we find the following mandatory paragraph -"The curate of every parish shall diligently upon Sundays and holy days, after the second lesson at evening proyer,optnlv in the church in structed training so many children of his parish sent unto him as he shall think convicts! in some part of the totecbiMi', ' How far this very explicit injunction H obeyed by those who, both when being; ordered as deacon, and when " receiving the Holy Ghost," as prints, roll only promise to be diligent in teaching the people oom invited to their care and charge, in a point upon which we do not on fess to be well-informed. But, doubtless, every one of the clerical members of the Church Assembly) complies with the rubric, and instincts the children of his flock every Sunday evening in the articles of his belief, the liu Commandments, his duty towards God and his huge bear, the Lord's Prayer, and the nature and effected the two Fncramtnts held by the Church to be " necessary to salvation" If so, a purely secular education upon week days may be regarded with diminished misgivings by Dr. Perry and the clergy of his Church. 