MISCELLANEOUS. Rafplk of Pictuiip in Aid of tub, Nkw Catholic Cnuiicn, Wkstdukv. — All who havo road Father Jlogau's pathetic appeal will know what a great and costly work ho and his churchwardens and congregation havo undertaken. Tho church is now complete as to tho walls, which, standing alono and unconnected, lavo a weird look, and seem to say as plainly as walls can speak ' roof us, pro tect us, givo us that unification without which there is no strength.' In such a work as this the smallest offering must not be disregarded or withhold, remember ing thatonce tho smallestgift was specially blessed. A convenient opportunity is now iiQbrdcd to those who have littlo to givo by which they may coutributo to this great purpose. A vory beautiful picture, very favourably spoken of in the English newspapers when exhibited at the Royal Academy, and valued there at £50 is to bo raffled, to provido somo present ready money much needed. The picture re presents a poor monk in his poor cell playing upon his fiddle, perhaps compos ing some music-poem that is to charm the world. His poor surroundings are all forgotten, he has brought fairy hind into that obscure place, and haying denied himself many of tho pleasures of tho outer world, he is rewarded in secret, by the brighter glow of tho spirit light within. It is to bis hoped that tho poor monk will not havo long to wait before tho fortunate winner of the picture conveys him to his new homo. The bazaar in aid of tho church has been put off until next Easier. This will givo everyone time to make full preparations for that important affair. — Communicated. Serious Accident with Boiling Pitch. — On Monday last a boy named Thomas Drury, belonging to the brig Isabella, was employed on board melting pitch, when some of it spurted out on his face burning deeply into the flesh. The lad was removed as speedily as possible to Dr Mason's residence, when it was found that the cyos had fortunately escaped injury. Dr. Mason dressed the burns so as to give the poor boy relief from acute agony, and this had such a beneficial effect that Drury was con sidered fit to proceed with his vessel to Maiden Island. Lauxckston and Wbstehn Railway. The sccrctiiry|has announced the train alte rations for May. Tho morning trains will leave Lsiunceston at 8 and Dclorainc at 7-25 a.m. ; the afternoon trains will leave Luuncoslon at 5 and Deloraino at -1'25 p.m. The mid-day trains will run on Mondays and Fridays only. Town Mission. — The annual meeting of tho Town Mission will bo held in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening next. Chair to be taken at 730 p.m. The committee respectfully invite the public to attend and hear tho reports and take part in the proceedings. Piprk's River Slate Quakiiy. — Another proof of the richness . of the un developed resources of this colony lies be fore us. This is. a fine square of slate, smooch enough for school slates. It has been handed to us by Mr George ? Whit ton, stone-cutter, of Launceston, who states that similar sluto can bo obtained in unlimited quantities in the neighborhood of Turner's Marsh, Piper's River. It is within ten miles of a shipping place on the Tamar, and there is a good road lead ing to it. on which a horse can draw a ton. With slate of such quality so easily available, it is waste of time, labor, and money to roof houses with perishable in flammable shingles, and still worse tocon tinue the practice of importing slates from England when duchess, countess, lady, and other slates from the Piper's River quarries could bo ;raised and delivered here at £S per thousand. The demand for slate in the Australian colonies at so moderate a price fl'ould be very largo for house slates, school slates, slabs for billiard tables, for fishmongers, for confectioners, fov door-steps, footpaths, and a thousand other purposes connected with various branches of trade. While our rich iron mines at Ilfracombe aro allowed to lie un productive for lack of capital and enter prise, a telegram in anotlier column, from Sydney, informs us that the Fitzroy iron mines have been purchased by an English company for £60,000.. Accident. — On Saturday Mr Gbodall, accompanied by Mr Harry Conway, left Launceston in a dog-cart en route for Fingal. When about five miles beyond Perth they heard a sound as if somo part of the vehicle had given way. On exam ining it and shaking oho of the wheels, the body of the vehicle sank between tho wheels, the axle-tree being broken. They lad time to get the dog-cart placed on the clay coach from Hobart Town, and on arriving at Launceslon it was delivered to Mr Easther, who repaired it in time fcr Mr Goodall to recommence his journey at C o'clock on Sunday morning. ^ : The Mayor's Court, Launceston. — This year the Mayor finds tho collection of rates a peculiarly difficult task, and it has- been found necessary to issue more 'summonses to defaulters than in previous years. On Thursday, 18th inst.,His Worshippresided at the Mayor's Court, Town Hall, and disposed of about eighty cases, iii which defaulters had been summoned for non-payment of rates. In those cases where truthful statements wore made by tho defendants of ina bility to pay at once, tho Mayor allowed time to pay ' by instalments. In othor cases immediate payment was ordered. The Alluvial Gold Field — Nine Mile Sfbings. — Tho .Chinese party dig ;ging on tho alluvial ground at the Hit or ?Miss claim, Nile Milo Springs,: having discovered a rich patch on land adjoining, applied . on Monday to Mr Brown, ; Sur ? veyor.'to mark out a claim of ton acres for them. They .were afraid the ground would bo jumped. by others and thoy have, promptly applied ; under ; the Gold - Re gulations Act for a lease. Fresh, Fish from tek Straits.— Tho ? fishing smack Colleou Bawn arrived: at the' Markot Wharf, at, 2 o'clock on Thursday . from a fortnight's cruise in tho straits. Sho had a large number of crayfish, and her wells full . of trumpeter, trovally,. rock codj and a variety- of, othor fish alt alivo. Tho trumpeter were vory fine. One large fellow was purchased, and borno off by the landlord of the Star Hotel. It weighed about 14lbs., and uoing tne uuesc lisu on uoarci it soia ior eight shillings. £2 8s per dozen or 4s, each was demanded for trumpeter of smaller size. Tho cargo was bought up rapidly.. Mails iiy thb L. & W. Railway.-— New arrangements have been made for the dispatch and arrival of mails, by the L. & W. Railway, and the secretary to the post office lias sent us a copy oftho new time-table, which will como into force on 1st proximo. The mail will close at Launcostou for all places along tho line at 7.45 a.m., and 3. do p.m., and will arrivo at Launuoston at 10.30 a.m., and 6.30 p.m. Additional mails, will close at Launcoston. for Perth daily at 5 p.m., and will bo forwarded by the Ho bart Town coach. Mails will nlso be dis patched ' from Perth to Launceston per mail coach, closing at Perth at 9 p.m. daily. The mails for Launceston from post-offices south of Perth will bo sent as usual por mail coach through to Launcestou. The mails which arrivo at Launcostou by the 6.30 p.m. train will bo delivered upon application at the enquiry window of the post-office beforo7 o'clock p.m. ; and such as are not called for will be sent out for delivery'by the letter carriers on the next morning, at 9 o'clock. Letters addressed to places beyond Dcloraine will be de spatched in. tho Deloraiuo mail-bag on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, by the trains leaviug Launcoston at 4,30 p.m. Hekuings.: — Jt is reported by Cap tniu Mauser of tho Ripp, that on Tues day, about 10 a.m., he passed through a very large shoal of herrings, ofl? Five Mile Bluff, and that they appeared to be making for the Heads, CniCKET. — ''ho single wicket cricket matcn between still, Uleary, XJaioy, ana Fuller, and , Arthur, 'W. Collins, Hogg, and Baile}' having been interrupted by the wet weather on Saturday last, will be played over again to-day, weather per mitting. Wickets to be pitched at 10 a.m. Tassianian Turf Clud. — Tho pro-: posal to hold au autumn race meeting, under tho auspices of our juvenile Turf. Club, has created quite a flutter in sport ing circles. One member of commitfoe,. Mr D. W. Barnard, has resigned, and it is reported that Dr Mason has been elected in his stead ; but as there has ? boon no meeting of tho members of the club since, wo hardly think this possible. A correspondent calls attention to thoinatr tor elsewhere. As stated in our last, a; numerously signed requisition has been presented to the committee asking them to call a special general meeting to rer consider tho resolution sanctioning the autumn races, and this meeting is to be held on Tuesday evening next at 7 o'clock. AVo have no doubt what evor that a great mistako was inade when tho Queen's birthday races were sanctioned under club auspices, and shall be glad to hear that tho resolution, has been rescinded. The club is not strong enough yet to interfere in moro than an annual mcetiug. If further racing is thought expedient, it should be managed outside the club, although that institution may properly give its patron age, and, if thought desirable, a club stake to be run for. However, the mem bers will have an opportunity of pronoun cing upon this question on Tuesday. 'Have You Seen the Ghost?' — This question was put by a smart Tas manian youngster to a companion yester day forenoon in Brisbane- street. ' Ghost. No ! What ghost ? ' was the rejoinder. ' What ghost ! Why the ghost of the shillings that weren't subscribed to pajf for the fireworks hist Monday night. ' Smart boy that ! By the way, if those who enjoyed themselves and forgot to subscribe don't want to be haunted by the dread spirit referred to, they had better propitiate the phantom with all speed by leaving their shillings with Messrs. Hudson and Hop.wood. Quail Shootino. — The season having commenced, numerous parties havo been . amusing themselves the last few days. A party of throe succeeded in bagging 50 brace on Tuesday, but we hear tho birds lllKj L1KJU a\J iiuiiiuiuun .uiilo oyusyiA UO, uuuj have been known to be heretofore, and on some lands the sportsmen are looked upon as trespassers, and threatened with prose cution. The owners ot- the lands consider they have the best right to the game fre quenting them. Incendiarisji at BisnopsnouR^E and Vicinitvt. — Much valuable property has recently been, destroyed by fire at farm steads in the vicinity of Bishopsbourne, and Mr George Pearson offers a reward of £20 for such information as will load to the conviction of the incendiary who sot his barn, hay, and straw stacks on fire between 7 and 8 o'clock on Tuesday night last. In addition to tho stacks and barn 29 bags of wheat, a weighing machine, sundries, and a wagon loaded with guano wcroall destroyed. The loss is estimated at £200. The Secretary of the Cornwall Insurance Company also offers £20 reward for such information as will lead to the conviction of the incendiary who sot a quantity of hay on fire at Coolmore, the residence of Mr John Pearcc, on Sunday last. It is to be hoped that the offer of these rewards will lead to tho detection of the guilty parties, and that the actual motives for such wholesale destruction of proporty may bo discovered, as none can ; be assigned at present. The I.ate Accident at Perth.— Tho ?young, man Anderson, of Perth, whose skull was fractured through being thrown from a horse, is steadily progressing1 towards recovery, the very critical opor ation'performed by Dr. Mason of Long -ford, having resulted in tho graduaL ? restoration of all his faculties. Damaging Unoccupied Pbopbety.— In February last the premises known as the Railway Tavern, or Cross Keys, was ?unoccupied, the Licensing Bench having rofused to renew tho license for it. Apparently it was then considered legiti mate prey for the ' larrikins' of Laun ceston to operate upon, and accordingly activo measures wcro commenced upon a store in the rear. Tho shingles were torn oil' to get at tho leaden guttering, ?which was torn away in long sheets,- and about 35 feet of ic carried ofi' in triumph to a painter and plumber, who purchased it, molted some of it down, and gave Tip the remainder to Detective Sergeant 'Wilson when ho called in search of ic. 'Wilson had discovered that a lad named M\»/'I/1«t T?/'\rt ntrrtA n linnf' Qivl'nfln vnnfe 1%'fl C . tho thief, hut Teddy Itoo was non est in ?venlus. A warrant was issued for his .apprehension but he was not traced until some days back when ho was apprehended at Bridgowater. Ho was brought up at t'10 Polieo Court on 19th in*t. beforo the ? 1'oliee Magistrate and Mr Hudson, when the owner of the premises stated on oath that to repair tho damage dono on that occasion would cost £G at least. Damage to more than thrico that sum Tras also dono to tho premises wliilo they remained unoccupied. Tho boy is known to bo an expert in dismantling unoccupied houses and bearing off property which he soils for trifling sums ; the cost of_ repairing the damage thus' dono 'being generally in the proportion of fifty to one. Unfortunately tho number of prenrses t unoccupied is daily on the increase, and those1 in the south-west quarter of tho town are left exposed to depreciation — frequently of a1 purely wanton character— from roving parties of law-defying larrikins. Yet in thefacoofall tlieso facts; Teddy Hoe, a leader amongst roof- wreckers and plun derers of plumbers' materials, was only sentenced to one month's imprisonment! At the same time, it must be admittod, the magistrates -gave the case due con sideration, and were disposed to; commit the boy for a fow years to 'an industrial school ;?, but on reference, to ;tho'In- . dustrial Schools Act, it -was. found that a candidate for admission must Imvo one or more of tlie following qualifications : Ho must be ' found begging or receiving1 alms (whether actually or under the pro text of selling or offering for sale any- : thing), or being in iinv street or public place for the purpose of' so begging or re ceiving alms ; . founcV wandering and not having any home or settled place of abode or.ptfoper guardianship, or visible means of subsistence; found destitute/either being an orphan or having a surviving parent who is undergoing ponal servitude or im prisonment ; found frequenting the com pany of reputed thieves.' = Teddy lloe could have qualified under soveral of these wise provisions, but there was 'another which, excluded him from the privilege of admission to any industrial school. -'Tho' act fixes 14 years as the maximum age for matriculation and Teddy had been a waif a' u*ac nuuu iui iu juura.' -jva tins ? was tho first conviction against him,' however, the Bench decided on making ? the sen tence light ; too light wo fear to deter others from continuing their practice of dismantling every house in town unoccu pied. ? ?? .?.???: ' ? ?'.??:?-'': ?;.;'? - -.' : ?-:'. ''? .. ? The Snakes of CapeBakeen.I'slaxd.' ? — The process of searching the nests of ? mutton birds for their eggs is one which ; nervous people should not ;inctuljio in,; for tho snakes and mutton birds irater-, nize and cohabit in the same under-, ground recesses to .quite an ?- un pleasant extent. At ;Cape Banvn Island the black snakes arc so overfed on mutton bird eggs, and thrive so iu llie luxurious nests that they grow much krger than on the mainland. A half caste, family named Smith residing there, hauk-d out two black snakes when mutton-birding this season, and tho pair measured .fifteen1 feet. About a. month ago one of the young women, aged about 20 years— the family numbers seven or eight — when taking stock in a mutton bird nest, caught a black snake and pulled him out.wlien the reptile bit her onthe ring finger of tho right hand. The. virus took immediate effect, and tho father seeing no other hope of sav ing the girl's life, laid the finger on a ulock and chopped it off with a tomahawk above the bitten part. He applied sixteen drops of ammonia to the wound; arid ad ministered thirty drops, which the girl drank. She recovered, but the amputa tion of the finger had been so roughly ef fected that exfoliation of 'tho bone pro vented the wound from healing, and last ?week the girl was brought up to town. Her father took her to Dr. Mason, who dressed the wounded finger, and it is now 3iealing up. The patient says that soon afterthe snake inflicted the bite she : felt a sinking, 6wnnming, or swooning sensation, which so confused her mind that she felt no pain when her father chopped off the eDd of her finger. ', ?????? ?;?;? The Launcestgn and 'Westeiix Bail-'- way.— We (Mercury of Monday) learn that the notice which the Chairman said had been received by the Board of Direc tors from tho Solicitor-General, is to be promptly followed up. A writ for tho. re-' . covery of £36,000, arrears of interest, will, ?we understand, be issued against the. Company to-day. , The Tasjianian Catholic Standard. — Wo have received the April . number of this religious magazine published on Sa turday. The subject of tho leading arti cle is Education. Tho Standard contains news from Borne, England, Ireland, America, Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, and New Zealand, ?with mail news, country news, and other items interesting to all classes. 'With reference to tho Launceston Con vent Fund the Standard states — In our last number Mr John Ellis's subscription ?was put down as £G, instead of £15. Sub scribers to this fund are reminded that the first instalment becomes due in May. Those who have not yet subscribed will Jje called on during that month. Wkeck of the Sarah Ann Blanche. — In tho ? enrly purt of March ? Mr Gardiner, of Flindur's Island, chartered the schooner Snrah Ann Blancho to take down a horse, anil a cargo of paling and stores to the island. She arrived there safe and landed nil in good order. Mr John Burgess, her muster and owner, then proceeded in her to'Chnppelllsland, where lie took on board a cargo of mutton bird oil, which lie intended to bring up to Launces'on. On Friday, the 5th instant, he had all aboard but one cask, and was ashoro for it when the wind rose, tho little vessel dragged her anchors, and wa? driven out to sea with only a lad, young Kiehard Burgess, on board. Next m'or'n iug she was dashed upon Flindor's Island a total wreck, young Burgess escaping ashore on the bowsprit.' This loss means ruin to Mr Burgess, a very deserving mau. His vessel the 'Sarah Ann Blancho was a staunch little ?; schooner of 16 tons, built by himself, at the lliyer Cam. She was brought up from : thero and registered about this lime last year. Vessel and cargo all belonged to Mr Burgess, and neither were insured; Ho arrived in Liiuncestori on 18th instant, by the cutter Julia, a handsome craft of' about 8 tons burthen, built nfc Flinders Island, and this is her first trip to Launceston. We understand that offers have already been made to aid Mr Burgess in. procuring' another vessel, by raising a subscription for that purpose. : IJe'ntal op Chowx Lands ijv Poul'ic Auction.— Messrs. Bell and Westbrook, by authority of the Minister of Lauds, offered; for rental by public auction at their mart on 19th inst. 73 lots of crown lands, for pastoral purposes, for a period of 14 years from tho 1st instant.' Only a few lots were bid for, tho rental of which amounts to £09 15s 8d. Mr Thos. Dosscter hold a similar sale at Hobart Town, where thirty lots were! taken up at a total rental of -£405 15s lOd. J Supreme Count. — Three undefended cases and one defended case came on at I.ho sitting before Mr ; Justice Dobsonj at Hobart Town, oii 19th inst.' in tho £50 jurisdiction of the Court. Livingston. v. Moriarty was the only case tried/ It was a claim, says tho Mercury, by Mr J. L. Livingston for the balance of damages re covered in the action Livingston v. Foster last year;7' The main question' arose on Mr Moriart.y's right to retain costs as between attorney and client, out of money in. his hands, and the verdict being re turned for the defendant the right was confirmed.- : ? m.. . ' , Mr- Dry's Wood Painting —The Evergreen. — Tho inhabitants _of Hobart Town have taken great interest in Mr J. l&.Dry'.s cle*d'miivrc iu art the wonderful wood painting — The Evergreen. ? The. Mercury, says, , amongst : tho numerous visitors totlrisattractivcexhibition on 19th inst., was His Excellency the. Governor' who spent some time in studying tho wonderful production, and; on leaving entered his name in tho visiting book, with a strong expression ,of the satisfaction he had felt in its inspection. , . Bingwood Election. — Friday; tho 19th instant, being tho final day of. nomi nation, the Returning Officer, TV'.. Gibson, Jisq., attended by the Council Clerk of the municipality of Longford, arrived at the Bingwood Hotel, Cressy, some few min utos beforo 4 o'clock p.m. for the purpose of.opening the nomination p-ipers. After 4 o'clock the Returning Officer presented; himself before the electors assembled and announced that having received only one' . nomination, attested by the consent in .writ-' ingof the candidate, lie had todeclare Frede- rick James Hough ton, Esq., duly elected, as'the representative for the electoral dis trict of Bingwood in the House of Asserii bly of Tasmania. Mr Houghton then came 'forward and in a few brief re marks thanked the electors of the whole district for haying placed liini' again in the honorable position as their member. : He called to mind some few1 years since when he had sat and acted as member for Bingwood, for the' space of three sessions, to tlie satisfaction of thc; electors, watching with qareful interest'ev'tfy movement of the Parlia-' ment.l and recording his vote, without fear or favour, for the good of his constitu ents and the colony generally! He felt proud of his position then; because he re ceived manifest tokens of respect from the electors. A dissolution came which called for'a general election! when the late re spected' and honorable it: Q. ITermode, Esq., then arriving from England; took the vacant' seat. At ^subsequent ejection,' h.e'(MrHoughtou)'liad a closely-contested race with'Mr Alex. Clerke when he was only beaten by the one vote of the tlien return ? ing officer.' Since which time Bingwood -had-.'had many representatives, but. ho was again the chosen one; and lie assured ;tho whole body of 'electors' that hV was resolved fearlessly to fulfil his d iity as their' representative in Parliament ;; for the' honor done liith they' had his hearty thanks. At the conclusion the honorable member1 proposed three cheers, for tlie Queen, which were loyally given. ? Tho same gentleman proposed, cheers for tlie: returning officer. ,Mr Gibson; in return ing thanks, complimented Mr Ilough'to'n' on the position ho was placed.' in. lie trusted that he -would carry but 'all lie: (Mr Houghton)' had spoken to ;!aiicl in conclusion lie thanked the electors, ending' with these hearty and emphatic words— 'I believe Mr Hoiighton will dd'all he ms promised, and may Mr Houghton live many years to represeiit.us;'— (From! our own Correspondent.) ?''' ' '.' ' ' ' ? Vice- Regal. — The' 'Monarch river steamer- left Hobart Town early oh 'the morning of 18th inst., the Mercicri/ says', for Norfolk Bay, whero His Excellency the Governor embarked a little before noon to return, to town after completing his inspection of Port Arthur. His Lordship the Bishop of, Tasmania, His Honor Mr Justice Dobson, the Bev. H. B. Bromby, Miss Bromby, Mr Cliichester, Privato Secretary, and Mr Belstead, Secretary' for tho Penal, Department, also returned by tbo Monarch,, which reached' tho FtanklinTVliarf at 3.40. p.m. : , ?: ., 11 ? ?' ^^^^^^^^^mmmmmm^—*^^^^^^^^-^^^—~- Imtoktantto Staoe Coach Drivers. — An important case was heard at tho Mayor's Court, Hobart Town, on 18th inst., in which tho City Inspector preferred a complaint against Mr John T. Cooley, of Glenorcliy, for plying forhiro without a cab license. Mr D'Emdcn, who ap peared for Ihe defendant, snys the Mer cury, urged that his client was a stage coach driver, starting at stnted hours, and running a fixed oourso, at a determined fare, and that he had a stago coach license authorizing him to run from Glenorchy ? between Hobart Town and Launcrston, and therefore ho maintained thnt liis client, did not require any other license, and certainly not a cab license His Worship intimutod that the Bench considered as the defendant had a stago coach license, and 'as ho did not depart from his regular course; that the case was somewhat doubt ful,- and they therefore dismissed the com plaint. ; His Worship also expressed the opinion that a license should be taken out for Hobart Town. '?'? ' West Tamar Mails.— Tlie residents;at West Taninr aro considerably inconve nienced at;present owing to the manner in which the mails aro delivered. The post offices aro ,so far distant from ccntres:of population that many aro compelled to have their letters and papers addressed to Launceston. and to get lliom when they happen to come to town. Formerly, when the mails were carried by the pedes trian postman, letters for various places along the road wero forwarded loose and loft at. convenient farm liouses on tho road. The plan answerod well, although; wo know it is open to objection, every thing depending on the honesty of. the letter-carrier. ;'?.. Still we can not, see that much, harm could possibly ;accrui! provided the. authorities in town are careful to keep a list of all Jotters and papers enlrnstedto him for, delivery. At all events it would be better to accept the least of two evils, and to incur a littlo risk rather than de prive the residents in theso scattered lo cnlities of .their letters and newspapers. . Wo recommend thoso who arc now com phiining to /address a memorial'; to tho Postmaster-General requesting him to appoint once more a pedestrian postman. . The Williamstown Aktillert in, Danger.— iE^les says :— ' If report bo true the Williamstown artillery ran more risk during the naval attack on the port of Melbourne than Paris under sioge. But for some sweet little clierub, sitting up aloft looking after their safety, they might have sent them as high as a kite.. It is said that the battery they atone peHod occupied, on a high sand-hill, had been mined by the engineers. The .artil lerymen were working their guiis in happy unconsciousness of danger. One of the Torpedo Corps was actuully. signalling to. blow. up. the mine, when: by a fortiinate bungle, it failed to go off. Tlio. rope con necting' the mine was kicked about amongst the artillery men's feet, and was, so soon as ' its usn was suspected, cut. Buti Williamsixiwn's -: gallant defenders escaped annihilation by a miraculous, mis take, and, had wholesale slaughter oc curred the Volunteering. business would liave received a' serious check. Isn't this matier'worth somoenqiiiry p ' ' ' ; Lady Teleorapii Operators.— Tt ap pears thatin 'Victoria thu ?' Civil Service' is to be revolutionized or reformrd by the substitution of ; real' live: civil ladies to posts hitherto filled there by supercilious uncivil public, servants' of the dominant sex. The Evening ?Mailsa.ys :? — 'A class : for instruction in telegraphy -is one of the excellent institutions in the metropolis, and seventeen young girls attend and will soon become qualified operators.: The size of the school might bo greatly enlarged, but there are not, instruments enough to confer the necessary instruction, aud more: cannot readily, be got, so ^that 'daily ap plications from young girls tobe suffered to join the class' are refused. -The em ployment of women in tlie telegraph odices' in England and America have been so successful, the women, as' a rule, owing to delicacy of touch, making smarter ope rators than the men, that their employ ment, in Victorian offices should not be delayed. Tho fact that tlie instruction is being given under tho supervision of the Technological Commission shows that henceforward the path to Government employment, in at least one department, is opeu. to females. There aro other depart ments, the doors cf which should not be kept closed against them. ? A decided gain to the Civil Service would accrue if the steadiness and intelligence of trained and tried women ivere to supplant the supor ciliousness and 'incompetency of a great, many males at presouti. 'under Govern ment.' ' ,?.?..??:????:??,.?.'.??? ? Sudden Death.— Colonel' Bell, who came to Tasmania; spine' few. years ago for the benefit of. his health,, died, the Mer mcry.says, very suddenly, at his. residence, Macquario-street,; on Tuesdav afternoon. The deceased gentleman, had-. , not been .enjoying very, good health:, lately, in con sequence of which;ho, was .attended by :Dr_;; Bright, and' still moro.. recently by Dr. Brereton. .Early on. Tuesday after noon/, however, he was, sufficiently well .to be; removed, in a conveyance tcMrS: ; Boberts' in , Macquaric-strcet, ; -vherej: he' ; had just.., taken, lodgings, , but ;bad not been in tlie, .house more ^than; :a., few/ minutes when he was, .taken: unwell;. and: on tho arrival off Dr. Edwards,' -who , was Kent for' immediately,. and .was ^promptly, in iittendance^ the uafortunate gentleman had expired. . A Game Sapper.-1— On' Monday even ing a select party of gentlemen enjoyed rather a rure: treat; having' been invited by Mr T. \Ooker,!; of .the1 International Hotel, to partake of a supper of giimc selected by hiu.' during his recent visit to Melbourne; Tht^ table groaned under tlie dainty dishes, -whi:oh embraced hare, wild duck of several kin^s, teal, &c;, &c.; The novel repast was .m.ueh enjoyed by all,, and Mr Coker's thori.^htfulness acknow ledged in flowing breakers of the 'rosy.' ; i The First Christian Chinese Church in Melbourne. — The ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of the first Christian Chinese Church in Melbourne was performed on Friday, 19th inst., the .Argus says. Tho sito of tho building is in Littlo Bourkc-street, almost at the roar of tho ruins of tho Theatre Boyal, and consequently in tho centre of tho quarter mostly affected by tho Chinese residents. The Be vs. Mr Quick, Mr Lockliart, and Mr Wuugh assisted in tho religious cere monies suuablo to the occasion. Mr S. G. King laid tho stone, and made a fow remarks on tho interesting nature of tho edifice that was about to bo erected. A. number of Christian Chinese took part iu tho religious ceremonies, and all the windows and doors of the rather un savoury neighbourhood wcro ; crowded with Chinamen, who watched the proceed ings with the greatest curiosity. The animated conversation that was being carried on among them somewhat marred the effect- of tho hymn that was sung. Tlie building is to be a very plain edifice, to Scat about 150 persons. Thero are, besides, class rooms on tho first floor, and other apartments to servo as a residence for the Chinese catechist. The building, which has been designed by Messrs. Crouch and Wilson, is \o cost £G78. Tho builder is Mr Jambs Lee. , Tho material used is brick, with white dressings. Above the ^entrance door will be placed an inscription in Chinese characters, the meaning of which in ^English is ' The house of the sound of peace.' This church will be built principally by the contributions' of tho members of tho Wosleyan body, who have always shown such.au interest in tho work of Christian ising tho Chines j colonists in Vicfcorh. „ Our New Subjects. — Lotters from the Hague hnnouuco the arrival of an onvo.y from tho King of ' St. George of Elmiria,' a sovereignty unknown to Euro pean fame, but which exists all the sumo on the Guinea Coast, and is in process of being ceded to Great Britain. Tho treaty of cession was laid before tho Dutch Senate last December ; but the debate upon it was adjourned, and now, before anything has been concluded, a protest against the meditated sale, on tho part of both King and people of Elmina, has been brought over by the said envoy, and is about to be submitted to tho Dutch Parliament. The Elminians deny the right of Holland to sell them to ' their enemies,' as we are called, and maintain that tho Dutch Government arc bound by treaties to give them, in return for obedience, protection. 'We have kept our part of the agreement,' soys the pro test; ' we have suffered, wo have shed our biood for you ; j'ou ought, also, to keep your word and protect us. If it is a question of money, we offer to pay you aununlly the 100,000, florins . which the coast costs you. But kno.v that if, not withstanding prayers, you abandon us,: we shall tako up arms y we shall kill all tho whites, we shall get killed ourselves. As long, however, as there remains a:D.utoh-. : mau in Elmina we will remain, faithful, to-, tlio. Dutch flag.' The JElminiau envoy . (whose; expenses, wo are in formed, have been paid by public subscription) ought .to continue his. journey to: England, and declare boldly; that his master will not re . spect the. terms of the Guinea CoastTreaty. Seripusly, the term3 of the treaty cannot bo carried out, if the Elminians act as they : threaten;; to: do ; that is, if, they meet every attempt to take possession of the jGuinea.Coast by opposing ? forco to force. ?The; best course for the: Dutch to pursue .with the little kingdom would be either' to levy a tax. upon it, as the inhabitants suggest, ;or give it up altogether to the King:— Pall Mall. Gazette. ,-.'..? . . . Advertising. — An ',- exchange ! has the following words^f wisdom on. the subject of iadvertising, which we commend to the consideration of our readers . and the , general public :— Judicious advertising always pays. If you have a good tiling, advertise it. If you haven't, don't. If you don't mean to mind your own business, -it will notpiiy to advertise. Never run down ? your, opponent's goods in public.: -Let him do his own advertising. It's :as- true i of advertising as ; of anything, else- in. the world, if it. is worth.; doing at all, it is worth doing well. -You can't cat-enough . in one week to last a whole year.and you cannot advertise on that, plan either^ A large advertisement once, ' and then ? dis continued, creates:the:impression that. tho' ? man has.fizzled. , If: you. can arouse curi- 1 psity by an advertisement, itJs a great point gained. The fair sex don't ihold all the curiosity Jn the world. People who advertise^ only; once in :three months forget thatmost folks can't xemetnber' anything longer than rabout seven days. '. Y^ Melbourne: Whalers. — Beferring to a telegram from Sydney, announcing that the barque; Mary Hamil ton1 had .been purchased by a; firm 'in Melbourne for whaling purposes, the! Argus] says, is an indication' that this field' of enterprise,, which, has 'been all but , ?, systeinatically: neglected in this port, is. about to receive some attention. .:; 'The 'Mary, Hamilton will be brought round1 here to have the necessary alterations' made to /fit her for the' whale fishery trade,' and she will be placed in charge of 'Captain Barker, who tookaway. the Japan from this'port some two years ago1 or more. ; Tlie equipment of tho i Mary 'Hamilton in boat's, whaling' gear, &c.;, will be quite equal. t6 that of the Japan; but' it is most likely that fish ing ground will bo' selected nearer the colony, in preference to the more distant' locality where the Japan 'dame to grief. It is believed that this new venturo will be followed up, and other vessels drafted into the whaling trade, and the barque Seagull, of this port, has been mentioned as a likely craft to be fitted out. ' The Bev. N. Bennett.— We under stand that tho Bev. N. Bennett is to pro ceed to Hobart Town, and on Sunday preach the funeral sermon of the late Mr Kipling, builder, who died on Sunday last. The sermon is to be preached in tho Mel ville-street Wesleyau Church. Mr Ben nett and Mr Kipling were formerly on very intimate terms. j ; ,; ' .-??'; ''.,'??' 