Ooloniil Bishops. I The Bight Eev. Dr. Alford, who recently resigned the I Bishopric of Victoria, Houg Eong, has become curate ? of jBowden, Cheshire. The Eight Bev. Dr. Stanley, ? late Bishop of Honolulu, has become curate of Crozhall, ? Tamworth. (tame of the retired colonial bishons have S been more fortunate. The Eight Rev. Dr. Jenner did ? liot give up the living oi 'Preston, in Kent, while he was ? ? Bishop of Dunedin, and still holds it. The Bight Rev. ? r. Beckles, on retiring from the Bishopric of Sierra I Leone, became minister of Berkeley CFwpel, Mayfair, and some iime since was presented to the rectory ot Wootton, near Canterbury. The Bight Ber. Dr. Chapman, on refcringjfrom the Bishopric of Colombo, «' became rector of TWootton Courtenay, Somerset, a Fellow of Eton College, and a Prebendary of Wells Cathedral. The Right Rev, Dr. M'Dougall, on retiring lrom the Bishopric of Labnan, became vicar of Bight Rev. Dr. Claugbton, on retiring from the Bishopric of Colombo, became Archdeacon of London and a Canoa of St. Paul's. The Bight Bcv. Dr. Ryan, on retiring from Hie Bishopric of the Maunfaus, be came an Archdeacon in the diocese of Norwich, then rector of St. Nicholas, Guildford; and then vicar of Bradford. The Right Eev. Dr. Abraham, on resigning the Bishopric of Wellington, New Zealand, became co adjutor Bishop of Lichfield(withDr. Selwyn, formerly Bishop of New Zealand) ; and the Right Rev. Dr. Hob house, formerly Bishop of Mew Zealand, is aiso an asaav ant to Bishop Selwyn, has the living of Edlaston, Derby shire, to which Bishop Selwyn presented him in 1869. The Bight Rev. Dr. Trower, formerly Bishop of Gib raltar, is sub-dean of Exeter Cathedral. The Bight Rjv. Dr. Henry Cotkell, formerly BUhop of Gramhans town, has become coadjutor of Bishop of Edinburgh, ' and more recently Bishop of Edinburgh. The Right Rev. Dr. Anderson, on retiring from the bishopric ol Rupert's Land, became assistant to Dr. Tait, Bishop of London, aud was appointed to the vicarage of Clif ton ; all these gentlemen retain their appointments. The Rev. Dr. Nixon, on retiring from the Bishopric of Tasmania, was presented to the vicarage of Bollon Percy, a rich Yorkshire living, but was obliged to resign it on account of enfeebled health. An Amusing Mistake. — One of our ama teur theatrical performers telegraphed on Monday last to a friend in Sydney as follows:— 'Go to Erbys, Pitt-street, and gat mo Ghost in a Pawnshop,' meaning for him to purchase a book containing a farce known by that mune. In the afternoon the friend replied as follows :— ' Cannot find such a pawnshop j but torwara ticket and money, and I will redeem your coat,' he evidently mistaking the word ' ghost' for ' coat.' The affair has gone the round of the telegraph utanons, and our worthy operator here is often asked 'why he pledged his coat.' — Berrima correspondent of QouWurn Herald. The Najskow-guaqe Railway in Tic tobta,— Tenders were opened on the 29th, by the Board of Lands and Works for the construction of the first sections of the new lines of railway from Ballarat to Ararat, and from Castlemaine to Maryborough and Dunolly, each embracing about fourteen miles. Con siderable interest was attached to the proceedings, and f.ltnra ttroa -i mimamuD n.4d~An(?nnPA nf Rnnfr&CtOrS; 1U tlie board-room. There were sixteen tenders for the section of the Ballarat to Ararat line, and eight tenders for the section of the Castlemaine to Maryborough and Dunolly line, but only the lowest in each instance was announced. The lowest tender for the whole of the works on the Ballarat and Ararat lines, both on the standard or 5ft 3in gauge, and in the 3ft Gin gauge, is by Mr. Neil M'Neil. His tender for the works in the 5ft Sin gauge is L33,794 19s 7d, or at the rate of L2413 18s Gid per mile, and for the 3ft 6in gauge 131,698 2s 8d, or at the rate of L22G4 0s 2d per mile. The works included in this contract compriso everything necessary for the construction of the railway except the 6upply of rails and fastenings, which are the same for both gauges, and station works. The differ ence in cost between the works of this contract on the 5ft 3in and 3ft Gin gauges is, according to these ten ders, L2038 17s Id, or at the rate of L149 18s 4d per mile. For the Castlemaine and Dunolly line the lowest tender for the wlinlfi of the works on the standard, or 5ft 3in gauge, is that of T. Doran for L49.509 3s 5d, or at the rate of L3472 12s 5d per mile. The lowest tender for the whole of the works on the 3ft Gin gauge is that of Messrs. Overend and Bobb for L46.933 13s Si, or at the rate of L3291 19s Cd per mile. The works included in this contract alto comprise everything required for the construction of t is railway, except the supply of rails and fasteningB and station works. The difference in cost between the work of this contract on the 5ft 3in and 3£t Gin gauges is, according to these tenders, L2575 10s, or at the rate of L180 12s lid per mile. The deposits were paid on each of these tenders, and Mr. Longmore intimated that the tenders were accepted, subject to the decision of Parliament on the scheme. — Daily Telegraph. 