ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Breach of Promise. — Wilkinson v. .Kel- sall. — This case was tried on Monday. The plaintiff, Annie Wilkinson, was formerly bar- maid at the White Horse Inn, Wem, Shrop- shire, the inn being kept by her father ; and the defendant, George Kelsall, farmed 320 acres of land at Marton, in the same county. The plaintiff was twenty-five years of age, while the defendant was forty-two, a widower, with several children, his eldest daughter being eighteen, but still, as counsel remarked, "a hale, hearty man, such as any young woman would like for a husband." The fami- lies of each were on intimate terms, and ex- changed frequent visits. Last June the plain- tiff was staying at Marton, and one day the defendant asked her to go and see a mowing machine. She, nothing loth, consented, and as they were walking in the fields, he asked her if she would like to be his wife, and the reply was, "I should like it very much." He said he would do everything in his power to make her happy ; but she expressed a fear that she should not make as good a dairymaid as a barmaid, to which he replied that he thought of redueing his dairy, and should not want her to have anything to do with the farmwork. The preparations for the wedding went on, the dresses being made, and Miss Kelsall choosing hers. At that time the plaintiff received a letter from defendant, say ing that Ann (his daughter) seemed ' to be turning round,' and that people could not tell what her ' father was thinking about to marry one who knew nothing about a farmhouse.' The letter accused plaintiff of ' talking about it,' and 'advising more with other people than with me,' concluding with ' it will be best to remain as we are,' and ' I must pay all expenses you have gone to.' That was followed by another letter, in which defendant said, 'I am sorry to tell you, but I really think the engagement will have to be broken off, and I think, in a great measure, the fault is your own. If you had taken my advice, and said less to other people, things might have been very different. I am sorry to say you have treated me almost with contempt, and Ann (his daughter) seems to be of the same opinion as myself, for there is no stirring without hearing what is going on at Wem. I know nothing about the dresses, and although it was strange you ordered them as you did, if you will send the bill I will send the money. Hoping that we shall still be fiiends, I am, yours truly, George Kelsall.' On the second of January, however, be went over to Wem, and asked to be forgiven, and the plain tiff promised to forgive him and to forget all. He got her an engagement ring and a wedding ring, and met her by appointment at Shrews bury to change them, as they were too small. On February 27, the defendant wrote, saying, ' Dear Miss Wilkinson — You say that you think we shall be obliged to keep a dairymaid. I am quite of the same opinion, as Ann will never bo able to manage the cheese. You seem to think that will not interfere with our marrying, but I am afraid it will do so. I think, as long as I cannot do without a dairy maid, I must try to do without a wife. I am really afraid to say much, as you transfer my letter* to other people. Yours affectionately, George Kelsall.' In March he went over to Wem, and asked the plaintiff to give up his correspondence, and she declined. Mist Wilkinson's father then interfered, and after some further proceedings defendant told then. to do their worst. The defence was that, as to the promise to marry on a particular day, the contract was rescinded by mutual consent, and the defendant was still ready to marry. Mr. Giffard having made the offer, ' Wilt thou have this man 1' the plaintiff said, ' I could not think of it now.' The result of the case was that, after the jury had been absent three-quarters of an hour, they returned with a verdict for just so much as would carry costs. His lordship — You must say what it is. The foreman— Well, 40s. Breach of Promise of Marriage. — Courtenay v. Stirrup. — The court was crow ded in expectation of this case, on Wednesday. Mr. Hill, Q.O., Mr. Sawyer, and Mr. Hol royd were counsel for the plaintiff , and Mr. Huddleston, Q.C., aud Mr. O. Griffith* for the defendant. Mr. Hill, Q.C., said this was an action for breach of promise of marriage, brought by a lady residing in Ireland against a gentleman of considerable property in Staf fordshire. The plaintiff, Miss Frances Hugh Courtenay, was the daughter, living in Cork, in good circumstances, and a provision mer chant, and the Rev. Mr. Walker, vicar of Dilhorne, in Staffordshire, was the uncle of the plaintiff; and the defendant, who was about forty years of age, was the principal landowner of the place. At the end of 1868, the plaintiff went to Stafford to visit her uncle, and there the defendant fell in love with this lively, bright-eyed Irish girl. They parted in January, 1869, with protestations of mutual feeling, and, from that time until the beginning of the present year, they cor responded, and, at last, he wrote a letter to her, after all these protestations, and after gaining her affections, breaking off the en gagement. The learned counsel then pro passed between the parties. First he read letters which showed the circumstances in which he lived. He now had £1000 a year, kept five hunters, and gave large parties. He was also a large landowner, and had a share in some potteries. He read a letter written in January, 1869. The lady addressed the defendant in this letter as 'My dear John, I have lots of beaus, but the one I care for I have not ;' and offered to send him her carte in her riding-habit if he would like to have one. In another letter she said, ' My heart is quite as much yours as yours is mine, l often look at your own dear self, and think of the happy rides we have had together ; con cluding by subscribing herself, ' Your loving Lizzie.' Mr. Huddleston said he had gone through the letters, and they were the most prosaic he had ever read. Mr. Hill, on the contrary, expressed an opinion that they were the cheeriest, the pleasantest he ever read.. He proceeded to quote extracts, which con raino/i AvnraoaiAno e\¥ nmxrr\taf\ Iawo e\r\ # V% a part of the plaintiff, and of more moderate affection by the defendant. His lordship, interposing, said there was ample evidence in the letter to show that a promise had been made. He did not suppose that was contes ted. The next would be as to the breach of that promise. About February 7th, Miss Courtenay wrote to defendant asking him to answer her one question, ' Did he love her ?till 1' and, in terms of endearment, promised to do everything to make him happy if she became bis wife. The letter concluded, Will you accept one kiss from one who loves you dearly?' Mr. Courtenay, having i received no letter in reply to another appeal, f went over to the defendant's residence at i Dilharne, in Staffordshire, to have an inter- i view with him. On the way to defendant's house, he called at Mr. Walker's and took him with him. Mr. Courtenay said he had come to fix a day for his daughter's marriage. Mr. Stirrup replied, ' I can't fix any time,' on which Mr. (Joutenay pressed, ' If it was in only one or two years.' Mr. Stirrup said ' That's a very pointed question,' to which Mr. Courtenay added that he wished it to be so. The defendant then positively refuted to fix any time, said that he would not marry to be unhappy, and that he should never marry anyone. The learned counsel concluded an address of nearly two hours with an impas sioned appeal to the jury to show, by their verdict, their sense of such conduct. Their verdict was the only decision to which the lady could appeal. She might say the day was gone by when the defendant would be required by her brother to stand at the muzzle oi a duelling pistol. The time was gone by when the cowhide would be laid over his shoulders by the lady's indignant relatives. There were demonstrations of applause in the court at the termination of the learned Queen's counsel's speech, in which he charac terised the conduct of the defendant as a cool, heartless, calculating, and deliberate insult. The plaintiff then entered the witness-box. She is a lady of rather small stature and of rather an Irish cast of countenance. She kept her eyes on the floor during the ten minutes that Mr. Huddleston was consulting with his client, who is much her senior. A consulta tion then took place between the counsel on both sides, at the end of which Mr. Huddleston said he feared the result would be a disappointment to some persons that they would not be able to reveal in the flof.aila rtf ftta lrtva naocafTAS KaKuraon fliia ladv and gentleman. He felt it due to Mist Courtenay, after the long time Mr. Stirrup had been engaged to her, to say on his part, that he desired that not the slightest reflec tion should be cast on that lady, and, certainly, his learned friend (Mr. Hill) misin terpreted the feelings of Mr. Stirrup if he imagined that any suggestion came from that gentleman to ask any question that would inflict pain on the plaintiff. Mr. Stirrup felt, after whnt had passed, that some pecuniary compensation was due to Miss Courtenay. His learned friend had mentioned a sum, and on behalf of Mr. Stirrup he accepted it, and the verdict would be entered for that sum. Mr. Hill, Q.C, — My lord, we take a verdict for the plaintiff — damages, £1000. This ended a case which had been looked for daily as the great case of the assize. The Great Fire at New York. — A correspondent, writing from New York on the 3rd instant, gives the following : — ' Hunter's Point is located nearly opposite Sixtieth-street, Rash Ttivflr. on tha 1.nnfr Tsland xhnrp nnrl i» the great entrepot of the oil trade of the port of New York. Here are carried on the re fining and shipment of petroleum on a scale covering millions upon millions of dollars annually, and the entire town is devoted to the trade in oil. The fire originated in the hold close to the cabin of a canal boat. She was lying on the north side of the canal pier, and, consequently, on the upper or northerly side of the Standard Oil Company's Works. A steady wind was blowing at the time from about north-north-west, and as a consequence, the whole oil yard and the buildings situated' thereon, lying as they weie to the south of the initial point of conflagration, were in the pathway of the flames. The company's docks cover a river front of not less than 300 yards, and there were lying at the piers at the time the fire commenced, about eighteen vessels of all kinds. Among these were nine sea-going vessels, loaded and about to load for European ports; six or seven canal boats, with oil brought mainly from Buffalo ; and some two or three lighters and scows. All these oil oarrying vessels become more or less saturated with oil, and as soon as the fire had broken out it leaped among the barrels and almost immediately spread throughout the entire hold of the boat. The few hands employed on board fled to the dock, and in an instant the barrels below were bursting one after another, lending out streams of flame and clouds of black smoke. Before anyone could summons presence of mind enough to get the boat fairly adrift, the flames reached thc pier, and then the work of devastation commenced. The pier was covered by a large storage shed, con taining at the time 15,000 barrels of oil. In five minutes from the time the first cry of fire was raised, the shed was si vast furnace of lurid flames, and five minutes later the entire superstructure came down with a roaring crash. Fifty feet from this shed was another storehouse, containing about 10,000 barrels of oil, and a perfect ttia of burning liquid rolled from the first shed into this building. Then followed another terrific scene of ex ploding barrels, followed by a steady rolling stream of flame that crept along the ground with a sulphurous front of fire and an awful crevt of smoke towering inky and dense into the air. Nearly all the vessels were instantly cut off from the shore by a wilderness of wreathing fire, and their only hope was in cutting adrift. On the north side of the pier, close to the canal boat, the brig Roslyn, of Nova Scotia, lay at her moorings ; and at the end of the same pier, within a handspike length of this vessel, was the barque Eddie, a British vessel, two-thirds loaded with oil. At the stern of the Eddie lay the barque Elpis, said to be a Norwegian craft, with nearly a full cargo on board. These three vessels being nearest to the incendiary canal boat were doomed. There was no time to cast off or cut moorings, no time to hoist sail, ana cneir srews neu aioug me piera nuiunwara or took to the boats. The remaining half dozen sea-going ships had a few minutes' grace, and cast off their hawsers; and just then a gallant little tug-boat, which happened to be passing at the time, steamed swiftly in and towed out the two most imperilled vessels, and turned them adrift in the stream. By this time the other vessels had been blown to the south of the docks, and were out of danger, and in company with a schooner and n Knit? i\r\rrark inAiuo and /tanul-imafa nwtfhael over to the New York shore, where they clustered together in a group in a haven of safety. At a distance of 100 feet from the large shed, and to the westward of the river front, were located four large, iron, cylindrical tanks, each containing from 3000 to 4000 barrels of oil, and a tank containing 350 barrels of naphtha. Ai the flames from the field of burning oil on the piers swept into the air, they were carried over the tops of two of the most southerly of these tanks, and the oil at once became ignited. Then theie two vast cauldrons blazed forth from their mmmits, and sent long, waving streams of fire through the black heaven of smoke which en compassed them, and the scene became terri bly grand. In the course of half an hour, there was a sea of fire raging over an area of probably ten acres of ground, eating away the foundations of the buildings, leaping through the rigging and spars of the ships, pouring over the edges of the. piers like Yesuvian lava cataracts, and floating out on the surface of the river. Still further to the westward stood a large brick building, in which it is said there are stored over 25,000 barrels of oil. On the side of ' this building nearest to the river were the shops, where a very considerable part of the process of refin ing is carried on, and here was located more valuable machinery, including what is known at tha ' agitators.' These shops are actually under the roof of the main building, but separated from the storage-room by a brick wall. All the machinery was destroyed by the fire, and yet, singularly enough, the flames failed to penetrate the storehouse, and the 25,000 barrels of oil remained unharmed. About twelve o'clock, one of the largo tanks which had just suceumbed to the contagion of fire burst, or more probably the iron walls of the great cauldron beiug heated to a red heat gave way, and with a seething roar, like sub dued thunder, the oil passed over the already flaming and calcined surface of the ground, and added fresh majesty and mew terrors to the scene. Great billows of deep, red fire, surged out through the towering columns of smoke, and seemed to die of very suffocation as they struggled through the dense black cloud. Here and there a pennant of flame shot up clear through the interstices of the smoke where its volume was not bo heavy, and again a long sheet of fire with ragged edges would belch itself out in mid-air and collapse instantly like an exploded balloon. The only thing that triumphed was the smoke. Like the eruption of a volcano, it towered upwards for hundreds of feet, and then, meeting a stronger current of air above, it streamed lazily away to the southward, often veiling the sun and throwing long, dark thundercloud shadows over the surface of the river. In the course of the afternoon, this line of smoke stretched away to the horizon and assumed the appear ance of a stratum of rain cloud. Shortly after the bursting of the tank, the fire, swept by the wind to the east, ignited the surface oil in another tank of equal capacity, and this, in turn, thrust out its burning tongue and licked up the contents of the naphtha cistern only a dozen feet distant. By two o'clock the fire raged with intensest fury. The burning canal boat which had originated the disaster had swung itself out into the stream, and was making an infernal display, to the terror of all passing craft. An ocean of llame swept over ten acres of ground below and hissed back defiance as the streams of water fell with futile sputterings against its face. The great domes of sranka ware nroiected unward ne.l mell, as though some Titan below were hurl ing back mountains into the air; the masts and ipars of the vessels came down withshaip crashing reports ; the fire crept over the bul warks, out on the bowsprits, and jutted like caunon flames out through ports and scupper holes. It was impossible to estimate with any approach to accuracy the total losses, but they cannot fall short of 1,000,000 dollars.' A Ghost in a Coal Pit. — The present tide of prosperity in the coal trade has been 'disturbed at the Broughton Colliery, near Wrexham, by the appearance of a ghost in the underground workings, which has had the effect of frightening soice of the colliers from the pit. None of the men profess to having a night of the spirit who appears to have taken up his abode in this ' vasty deep,' but they all confess to having heard, at times, the most unearthly sounds, and when they proceeded to search for the cause, the same noises are heard in quite an opposite quarter. The fear that has taken hold of the men is such as to interfere con siderably with the working of the colliery, and it shows that colliers, like sailors, are excessively superstitious on the ghost ques tion. 