THE ROARER AND THE RING. [From the Australasian.] ; In its introductory remarks to the report of i thG race for the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, • won by the reputed roarer, Prince Charlie', the Field newspaper draws attention to the " enor mous lying on racing matters that seems to be a chronic complaint on the turf, and for which there is no remedy." " Short of work," " never properly galloped," " beaten in his trial"—such were the canards persistently spread about by the touts. Notwithstanding this "enormous lying" respecting the condition of a horse that all the time was doing remarkably well, the Field states that the general public strongly supported Prince Charlie, and that he carried their money in opposition to talent, expe rience, and the judgment of old racing men; in opposition, too, to nearly all Newmarket, where the horse and his doings were best known, but where, with the exception of Joseph Dawson's (his trainer's) Btable, he had scarcely a friend. There is no doubt, further says the Field, that many of the leading bookmakers took liberties with Prince Charlie, and laid against him as if he were dead. There was always, however, plenty of public money to go on him, and plenty of ring money against him, A fortnight before the race, a gentleman who trains in the same stable took 7,000 to 1,000 about the Prince, and never hedged a penny, but at the same time one of the stanchest supporters of the Bedford Lodge stable deserted it on this occasion, and bent over to brother Mat. It. was a case of the public and the stable against the. talent, the touts, and the ring, and it needs not to be told now how the latter got the worst of it, and how the Prince, the splendid son of Blair Athol, but the (so reputed) most confirmed roarer, won the Two Thousand, very easily defeating a large field, including the subsequent Derby winner, Cremorne. That there should be a difference of opinion respecting the capability of a roarer to win the Two Thousand Guineas we can understand, but how, at a place like Newmarket, where touting is so easy, there should have been such " enor mous lying," as the Field terms it, respecting Prince Charlie's condition, or the amount of work he had done, is past comprehension. Touting in England is carried out so systemati cally that we cannot understand how the ring could have been so deceived. The ling usually employs the sharpest of watchers, and scarcely a gallop or trial can take place the result of which is not wired all oTer the country within a few minutes of its coming off. But in Prince Charlie's case, the ring laid against the horse as if he were out of the race. One of the oldest and most astute members of the ring expressed himself to the Field reporter, who gave an opinion that the Prince would win, " "Well, he may, hub I_ shall be very happy to pay if he does." "Was it the enormous lying of the touts that caused the dead set against the Prince on the part of the ring? After all, the talent is not so smart in the'old country as it has credit for being. What will Messrs. Joe Thompson, Wallis, Harper, and others of our smart divi sion, think of their brethren at home ? They ; are seldom caught bo napping. What" an open- " ing there must be for some of our leading talent at home. , They would never make a mistake about a colonial Prince Charlie, we imagine, as the leviathans of the British ring appear to have made. _ "What an opening there must be in Great Britain for a Talented individual like Mr.- Lapdog Thompson to follow his profession. He would be-cheap at .£L,000 a year-and all expenses to such a man as Steel. He would I have • taken Prince Charlie's measure- to a nicety, nor would he have "reported of the horse "that ne was as safe as if boiled," to quote.'the elegant phraseology of .the. betting, ring. - And surely . after this, our., touts can take heart. We all remember poor Hamlet's Ghost, how he was to win a Derby when he could not raise a canter. How all the colonial touts were taken in asto Hamlet's condition on the eve of" that race .is a matter, of notoriety. ' Well, it seems the touts in the old country aro not much cleverer than ours. They can make mistakes also."Was it enormous lying, or what was it, that caused the horse to be so misrepre sented? Since Hermit's" year nothing similar has taken place. In handicaps we can under stand a surprise, but in the Prince's case—a horse doing his work on Newmarket Heath before all eyes, and a horse that had done well in his preparation all' along—it seeing most unaccountable. ~ Anyhow, enormous lying re specting Prince Charlie's condition was one of the prevailing features respecting the late race for the Two Thousand Guineas, and for once the talent;' with all its cleverness and craft, was taken in. The moral to be deduced from this is that in the long run public'form is the "only safe criterion to go by. Touts and special com missioners are so often misled and deceived that their opinions must always he taken with ,some reservation and distrust. In no instance that we remember has public form, as ex^ 'hibited in the autumn, been more faithfully carried out than in the vicfory of Prince Charlie at Newmarket. -The "distance run in the race for the guineas is so little in txcess. of that of. the two- year-old races .of ." the 'previous* autumn in which Prince Charlie, Cremorne, Laburnum, and "the other.crack's had met, that it was only reasonable to suppose it.might be followed up in their first meeting in the spring, supposing all to meet well at the post. In the Derby and St. Leger, where a distance of ground is covered, the spring running is frequently re versed, as stamina as well as speed has then to be considered. So we see Cremorne has won the Blue "Riband, Prince Charlie not being even placed. With regard to our great three year-old races, the A.J.C. and the Victorian Derbys, we shall have some curiosity to peruse the bulletins of our touts, reporters,' and special commissioners from head-quarters, as to the relative chances of cracks engaged in those races. Is it to be King- of the King, Argus Scandal, or Mr.. Tait's grey, Lecturer, that is to proye the conqueror this year ? The galloping in earnest will soon commence, and we shall, as usual, dispatch our representative to take his, notes. Whatever horse may win the first of the two events, we hope that at any rate as-regards the condition of the horses engaged, the public will not have cause to ■ echo the complaint . of - the Field respecting "the enormous lying that seems to be • a • chronic complaint" • in the old country; ' At Newmarket, where some " 400 horses or more gallop of a morning, it may be difficult to take stock of all, and inistakes" will happen; but at Bandwick and Flemington there are suoh opportunities of seeing what goes on that the condition of the horses should not be a matter.of. much, doubt, although we : are fully alive to the fact that, out of a hun dred persons whV. fancy .themselves judges in that particular, probably, the majority would have made the'same mistake"respecting Prince Charlie as the clever touts did in England, ... 