TB Y ELECTRIC TBLEGUAPH.J THE DEltEY. Tho raco for tho Derby was ninon Epsom Downs, about half-past :i, on Maj' 20th. Little more than live minutes after wards-(8,30 p.m., Bombay time)-Mr. Stacey, Superinten dent of thc British-Indian Submarino Telegraph Company, courteously forwarded us tho telegram,amiounuing tho result, whioh was as follows : Cremorne ... ... ... 1 Brother to Flurry ... ... ... 2 Queen's Messenger ... ... ... 3 Twenty-three horses run. Thus, Mr. Si« file's colt has proved himself tho good horse which his admirers who stuck to him through thick and thin always believed him to bo; and Maidment, tho lucky " Churchwarden" jockey, has sewed another Derby to his credit. Tho discomfiture nf Prince Charlie will surprise no ono who has given tho matter a thought, A "roarer" has never yet won tho Derby, and thc infirmity of the giant sou of Bliiir Athol is admitted even by his own stable. Tho " Blue Riband" is contested for this year, for tho first time, on tho new course, and the "prophets" havo all along pre dicted that thc descent of the hill before reaching Tattenhiun Corner would provo fatal to King Charlie's chance. Wo have not yet heard tho distance between the first and second horses, but it would seem as if tho race hus almost resulted in a surpriso to backers and all concerned. The "dark" Brother to Flurry has not oven been mentioned in tho betting-at loust, remembering tho case of tho Zephyr colt last year, not by that narnu- and wo cm well imagine the frantic excito mont of tho " bookmakers" «luring tho final struggle lor victory, and how crestfallen they would be on Unding Unit Hie rank outsider had lind to succumb to what we might venture to say was the favourite. Brother to Flurry ran very well as a two-year-old, but it was never thought by those not in the secret, that ho stood a ghost of iv chance for the Derby. Lord Falmouth's colt, Queen's Messenger, was unbeaten till he ran tlprd tn Prince Churlio iu tito Two Thousand, uud ho hus not disgraced himself bj' running into a place in the Derby, JTr. Simile's good fortuno will bo cordially received by sportsmen ; he is one of the most honourable of racing men, ana is to be congratulated on winning his first Derby, 