CHURCH OF ENGLAND. DIOCESAN SYNOD. Monday, 4th March, 1872. Sixth Day. The Synod met at 2-30 p.m. The President took the chair and opened with prayers. minutes. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. NOTICES. Mr. Barnato) gave notice for to-morrow, "That the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to enjoin the disuse of the Priest's Prayer Book; and to restrict the clergymen, in their parochial and pastoral ministrations, to the use of the recognised standards and formularies of the Church." . Canon Parsons gave notice that he would to-morrow ask the Rev. Mr. Hayward (I.) Whether after his arrival at Port Arthur he caused the removal of the Communion Table from the church, and substituted a so called altar made and prepared from a design of the one in the Roman Catholic Chapel at that penal station of (2.) Whether he wears a white stole with three yellow crosses, and exhibits on the so called altar a cross, with vases at each end filled with flowers, and places on the said altar candlesticks and candles? (3.) Whether during the past six months at any service in the church be used lighted candles, artificial light not being required, it being cloardayP (4.) Whether he commences morning and evening prayer with the invocation of the Holy Trinity, that is to say, with the words in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, goalkeeping at the same time and bowing the head ? (5.) Whether at the consecration of the elements in the Lord's Supper he turns his back to the congregation, the decision in the Purchus case notwithstanding ? (6.) Whether at the reading of the Nicene Creed or at any other parts of Divine service, he crosses himself and makes an adoration to the so called after ? (7.) Whether he has issued to the prisoners or any other residents at the station at Port Arthur a book called Steps to the Altar, orphotographioreprcsontationsoftheSaviouron the cross, and haspicturesonthosocallodaltar.orinany other part of the church ? (8.) Whether the Bishop of Melbourne withdrew or caused to be cancelled the licence of the Rev. Mr. Hayward on or about the 30th day of March, 1870, and on what grounds ? That in the event of all or any of these questions being answered in the affirmative, I will move to-morrow that this Synod respectfully calls upon the Bishop to admonish the Rev. Mr. Hayward, and positively inhibit him from the further continuance of practices so opposed to the spirit and usages of the Reformed Church of England, and if the Rev. Mr. Hayward should, despite such admonition and inhibition, por cast in such superstitions observances, that this Synod calls upon the Bishop to remove him from Port Arthur and revoke his licence or authority to officiate in any part of the Diocese of Tasmania. Also that a special meeting of the Synod shall be convened by the Bishop whenever he shall receive a requisition to that effect, signed by fifteen members of Synod, of whom five at least shall be of each order, any rule, law, ordinance, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Mr. McArdell to ask the Church Advocate a question with reference to the Rokeby parsonage. Dr. Crowther to ask the Bishop (to-morrow) if he intends to take steps to prohibit the use and circula- tion in the diocese of certain books of a Romanising tendency ? Canon Davenport to move that the Select Committee to manage the branch of the Society he re-appointed for the ensuing year with the same instructions. Also to move that if any member of the Finance Committee absent himself for three months his seat shall become vacant. IIEI'OIITB. The Dean brought up the report of a Select Committee to inquire into the state of the endowment fund, and recommending that the committee be reappointed. MOTIONS, Rev. R. Hayward, pursuant to notice, asked the Rev. G. Banks Smith if he will name the books and tracts which he referred to in his notice of motion on the notice paper of February 29th, as circulated by the Rev. R. Hayward P Rev G. Banks Smith replied, on the authority of a letter from Port Arthur, " Steps to the Altar" or "The Little Altar." THE PROPERTY AT WESTBURY Mr. Justin Browne moved, pursuant to notice, " That the Southern Finance Committee he instructed to make such arrangements for securing a present or future income from the property at Westbury as the peculiar circumstances of the case rendered necessary, by leasing for a term of years at a nominal rental or upon an improving lease and that the committee be authorised to employ any person or persons residing at the North who may be able to carry out the same and if necessary the committee may issue a house in the same of the Archdeacon, to be signed by him upon the terms specified : the costs incidental to such arrangements to be derived from any income accruing from the property," After a brief discussion, the motion was agreed to. sYNOD EXPENSES. Mr. Justin Bhxwnb, pursuant, to notice, moved " that the resolution of Synod, 1850, having proved insufficient to induce payment of the proportion of Synod expenses chargeable to each parish, the Finance Committees of each archdeaconry in, the case of assisted cures, and the Secretary of Synod in the case of cures now scheduled, be instructed (after the lapse of three months or of such further time as may be reasonable to deduct from the sums payable to the incumbent of Euroa in default for such contribution the amount due, the deduction to be deemed a debt due to the incumbent by the churchwardens of his parish and that any arrears for 1871 be to ducted from the payments next to be made to the incumbents of the euros in default." Mr, SHARLAND seconded the resolution. Mr. Taklkton pointed out that with reference to the salaries of the scheduled cures the Synod had no power to make any deduction from them, and with regard to the other cases it would be hard to make the poorly paid clergymen the scapegoats for the default of the churchwardens. Rev. G. B. Smith also objected to the motion as regarded the scheduled clergymen especially, and also spoke of the unfairness of the principle of the motion. The Oilmen Advocate, being appealed to, gave his opinion that the proposed deduction from the scheduled clergymen's salaries would be illegal. Canon Hales said although it could not be legally exacted, perhaps the scheduled clergymen would, as a point of honour, engage voluntarily to be answerable for the amounts. The Dean, Rev. E. Symonds, Rev. Mr. Stackhouse, Canon Davenport, Mr. Tarleton, Mr. Browne, Rev. F. Hudspeth, Mr. McArdell, the Church Advocate, and others took part in a discussion, when an amendment was passed that 5s. be charged to each default- ing parish after June, and fis, more for each succeeding quarters, and that the resolution which precludes the lay members of defaulting parishes from sitting in Synod be extended to the clergymen, IlEroUT. Mr. Tarleton brought up the report of the Select Committee to enquire into the statistics for Macquarie Plains, to the effect that the return sent in by the Rev. Mr. Garrard was not correct, but that it must have arisen inadvertently. After a short discussion, the report was received. GENERAL ASSEMBLY. The Dean moved, pursuant to notice, " that the Council of Advice be requested to assist in making whatever arrangements are necessary for the due conduct of the election of persons to attend the meeting of a General Assembly or Synod, whenever any notice of such meeting shall be received from the Metropolitan," which being seconded was agreed to. SYNOD TRUSTEES. Rev. Canon Hales, pursuant to notice, moved, " That a committee, consisting of Canon Davenport, Mr. Justin Browne, Mr. R. P. Adams, and Mr. Tarleton, be appointed, to consider the nature of the duties of the Trustees, and to draw up instructions for their guidance." Rev. G. B. Smith seconded, and the committee was appointed. CONTUMACY TO THE SYNOD. Ven. Archdeacon Davies moved that persons neglecting to obey any resolution of this Synod shall be considered guilty of contumacy, and subject to the severe reprimand of the Synod. The Ven. gentleman instanced certain churchwardens who had not forwarded to the Archdeacons their returns as requested, and urged the Synod to uphold their dignity. Hav- ing stated his reasons at length he withdrew the resolution with a threat that next year if the churchwardens did not do their duty he should propose that they be fined. (A laugh.) VACANT 1NCUMHF.N0IE8. Canon Davenport moved that in the event of a vacancy taking place in any incumbency, it shall not be filled up till the Synod shall havehadanopportunity of considering and deciding whether, in view of the financial condition of the Church, it may not be advisable to connect it with some other parish. He stated that meetings of the Select Committee had been held, Mr. Stephens convener, and a resolution or recommendation agreed to, being the same in substance which he (Canon Davenport) now proposed in something of the character of proctor for the Select Committee. Rev. Canon Hales seconded. Ven. Archdeacon Davies supported the motion, and said it was absolutely necessary in order to facilitate the labours of the committee, and enable them to per- form their duties satisfactorily. The motion was agreed to. ! CATHEDRAL CUAFTBU. I Mr. Justin Browne moved that the Lord Bishop of Tasmania shall have the right to be present at all meetings of the Cathedral Chapter, and when there shall preside thereat. The Dean seconded the motion, and stated his reasons for thinking it desirable that it should be agreed to, with, an exception of meetings called by the Dean under the 6th regulation, agreed to the other evening, in tho case of a vacancy of Canonries. The Archdeacon moved as an amendment that the Lord Bishop be a member of the Cathedral Chapter, and as such be the President, being the form in which Mr. Browne had originally given the notice Canon Hales was willing to support Mr. Browne's motion without the Dean's proposed exception. Mr. Tarleton spoke in support of Mr. Browne's motion. Rev. J. T. GELLimiAND looked on the erection of the Cathedral as building a little Tower of Babel, and thought it would not be for the welfare of the Church. The Cathedral must come down, and he only hoped its coming down would not do any great harm, and he hoped his friend the Dean would come well out of the fray. The Church Advocate thought the Bishop should have the right to vote as well us preside. Canon Parsons spoke of the custom in other Cathedrals, and said out of Australia there was no Cathedral Chapter of which the Bishop was President. Rev. Mr. Stackhouse expressed the opinion that the Bishop would lower himself by being a member of the Chapter. Canon Davenport thought it would be better that his Lordship should stand apart from the Chapter. The Bishop expressed his approval of the amended resolution, but suggested that the Synod should consider whether the Bishop as President should have a casting vote. The Church Advocate proposed an amendment to the effect that the Bishop should have a casting vote when presiding. Mr. Browne concurred in that proposal. The Dean said he would not press the suggestion of an exception. The resolution was then agreed to. The Bishop gave his assent to the resolution, and also to the regulations agreed to the other night on the report of the Select Committee. On the motion of the Dean the ballot for three lay members for the Chapter was then agreed to be taken, to be kept open till the close of the evening sitting. THE DIGEST. Mr. Barnard moved that the Rev. Secretary of Synod be instructed to insert in any future edition of the digest, as well as in any supplement to include the results of the present session, " Resolution 4 " of 1870, relating to the division of the Church services, and of a resolution, same session, approving of the occasional exchange by clergymen of their parochial duties. Canon Hales seconded, and the resolution was agreed to CHURCH UNION. Canon Davenport moved, pursuant to notice, that it be an instruction to the committee appointed to confer with the authorities of certain religious bodies to forbear doing anything in conducting such conference, from which it might be reasonably inferred that the Synod desires or intends to relax or compromise the principles declared in the laws and formularies of the Church of England. The rev. Canon said his object was to prevent misunderstanding, as to whether they intended to compromise their principles or to hold in trust that committed to their charge, the Christian faith, and that body of sacred things which was employed for the security of it. He did not believe any such compromise was intended by the committee, (hear, hear), in any spirit of spurious liberality, but he thought a large part of the community expected it. He referred to the differences which existed between religious denominations, and said there were not a few who would interpret the resolution that they were about to make a great alteration, but he thought it due to all parties, and they would do wisely to let them know that no such compromise was intended. In reference to a paragraph in that morning's newspaper, he disclaimed any intention, as was insinuated, to burke the object of the resolution passed the other night. Mr. Sharland seconded. Rev. J. T. Gellibrand moved that the Synod proceed to the next business. He did so because he did not consider this motion worthy of consideration ; it was an insult to the understanding of the members of the Synod, calling in question the judgment of the committee, and of the Synod by which it was appointed. The rev. Canon had said he believed the committee appointed by the Synod would not com- promise the interests of the Church, and then he went on with this resolution which showed that he had no confidence in them. Canon Parsons seconded the amendment, and should not say one word, for he thought the sooner such a motion as this was disposed of the better. (Hear, hear.) Canon Hales agreed with the spirit of the resolution, but hoped Canon Davenport would be persuaded to withdraw it. Canon Davenport said he trusted in the judgment and intelligence of the committee, but he did not trust the intelligence of the masses of the people in Tasmania, but he hoped the wisdom of the committee appointed by the Synod, and the committees to be appointed by the various Christian bodies would prevent any of those mischiefs which were by some anticipated. He consented to withdraw the motion. (Hear, hear.) The President thought Canon Davenport exercised a wise discretion, and by leave the motion was withdrawn. The Synod adjourned for an hour. EVENING SITTING. Mr. Tarleton moved, pursuant to notice, " That the Church Advice to be requested to be kind enough to prepare the draft of a bill for presentation to the next session of Parliament for the erection of a Corporate body in which the revenues of Christ's College shall be invested for the promotion of education in connection with the Church of England and that a committee consisting of Messrs. Kennerley, Crowther, H. Butler, W. S. Sharland, J. Browne, Canon Davenport, the Dean, and the mover may be appointed in conjunction with the Bishop, to consider and settle the terms of the said bill, and recommend it to the favourable consideration of Parliament, with power to sit in the recess." He thought it important that the revenues should be made available for the purposes intended. As to the money contributed for scholarships, he did not think that those who subscribed would require it to reimbursed. For himself, he was a subscriber to the extent of the, kind he should not think of expecting its return, and he did not think other subscribers would do so. Canon DAVENPORT seconded. canon Hunsi-KTii did not think Parliament would interfere, but he considered the Synod should not for it sol A body had been named by the Bishop, of which he (Mr. Hudspeth), Canon Davenport, and Mr. Stephens were members. Canon Davenport considered the appointment referred to was merely nominal. The Church Advocate expressed his willingness to do what was required of him. Rev. Mr. Buckland observed that some time ago he spoke to Sir Valentine Fleming on the question, and he said he had no doubt the trustees were bound to find the money subscribed for scholarships and the interest in addition. Mr. Kennerley supported the motion. The motion was agreed to. Order on the Day. ECCLESIASTICAL OPl'ENOKS BILL. The Synod went into committee for further consideration of this bill. The 6th clause was, by leave, reconsidered, and a proviso added to extend the right of challenge and choice of tribunal to accused persons. " Clauses up to No. 13 were agreed to. Clause 14, the constitution of the Supreme Tribunal, gave rise to some discussion, as to whether triers of charges of heresy, false doctrine, or schism should be exclusively clergymen. It was proposed that the proviso having reference to the point be expunged, having such charge to be tried by mixed triers of clergy and laity. The Dean, Canon Davenport, and Canon Hales expressed themselves in favour of the proposal. The Bishop said he was not opposed to bringing in the lay element, but he objected to the proposal unless a power of appeal to the general Synod could be given. The clause as altered was passed. ; Progress was reported, and the Synod adjourned till to-day at 2.10 p.m. 