FRANCE. MUSIC. THE THEATRE. FASHION. [By our own Correspondent.] Paris, January 27. MUSIC. " Le Roi Carotte."—This fairy comic opera, in four acts and twenty-four scenes, has for months been looked for- <*> ward to as an event. Offenbach has sup- plied the music, Sardon the words, and the writers on fairy subjects of every country the plot. Shakespeare furnishes a Robin Goodfellow, Hoffmann gnomes and sorceresses, and France the machinery changes. It is an amusing piece, with gay music—a great spectacular success. The manager blew his horn so well that for the first representation he was able to count some dupes who paid l,Ooof. for a box, and IOOf. for a stall, all of whom ultimately bemoaned their speculation. The "free list" was entirely suspended, the press " not" excepted; and this latter parsimony is likely to have for result— critics paying henceforth for their places and the public supplied with honest re* view?. The mounting of the play iB said to have cost 300,000f., although there are 400 houris, representing the vegetable kingdom, who vegetate upon a salary of twenty sous per night. Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream could never cost such a sum to be brought out. Sardon, so fertile in imagination, in whose dictionary the word impossible cannot be found, has this time failed to produce any striking novelties. In the matter of transformation scenes there can be nothing new ; the public has long ago become possessed of their secret; bnt in leading up an audience, to putting it on a level with the supernatural, good and appropriate dialogues and music are re quired. The present play has also deve loped the theatre of the future—those persons who believe France requires more robust amusement than extravaganza and buffoonery. Sir Toby replies—" Oost thou think, because thou art virtuous, there shall be no pore cakes and ale ?" Fridolin is a frivolous prince who aban dons himse'f to revels and ungodly glee, is drowned in debts, and driven away by his subjects. His good fairy, Robin, cannot save him from being dethroned, bat can aid his return after being schooled by travel and adversity. To effect this end the unfortunate prince becomes a wanderer, and by means of Solomon's ring, which he finds, is ultimately able to work wonders. In addition to Robin there ia'aiprincess disguised as a page, who forms' part of his retinue. He visits Pompeii, the ants 1 republic, the insects 1 kingdom, and the head-quarters of monkeydom. Coloquinte is the wicked fairy who has been instrumental £in exiling the prince, and, possibly to show her contempt, imposes on his subjects a king—a carrot— le roi carrotte —whose make-up in the role of Datum Carota would satisfy Linnseoa himself. This new majesty is followed by parsnips, turnips, leek?, and cucumbers, with lobsters and other nhftHfish for a change, as retainers. His new subjects give him an ovation; he is Carrot " the Desired." The fair sex is most demonstrative in welcoming the new arrival, and oh ! in constancy, the prince's affianced among the foremost. She is fast, drinks, smokes, sings, and indulges in small oaths ; but in the end terminates her days in a common singing saloon. Served right. The prince having finished his travels, proceeds homewards, a wiser and better man; bis iival returns to the place from whence he came—the kitchen garden; the other vegetables of course betaking themselves to thuir " beds." The prince, finding the page was only a true love in disguise, shares his throne with her. The tableaux include towns with roy stering inhabitants—old castles, next to real—palaces with hanging gardens, where Nebuchadnezzar would believe himself at home. But the picture of Pompeii iB unique, wonderfully accurate and charm ing—it lives again; there are its temples, monuments, otreeta, and shops; its people -varied and strange, moving to and fro-as they did on the day of their inter ment under ashes and lava; men of busi ness, wineshop owners, water-carriers, sellers of beautiful fruit in handsome baskets; gladiators half-naked; generals in their triumphal uniforms; senators for whom the crowd respectfully make way ; courtezans in blond wigs; the ghost of a tonic, seated in vehicles with tinkling gold bells ; dandies in largd purple hats and clothes fining with precious stones ; soldiers with long trumpets, slaves, dancing girls, comedians, minimum play* ing the double flute. It is fioman man ners, costumes, civilization—JPompeiian every-day society—* faithful page of his tory, which presents to our eyes the splendors of eighteen centuries ago, torn from a tomb. The insect kingdom is well improvised ; it is ruled by princes, priests, aristocrats, plebs, jttles de joie, artists, and soldiers— that buzz in merry sunshine; natural history has been scrupulously observed, the color and dress as given to each insect by nature being represented—as far as young ladies can. Monkeyland supplies every specimen of the " ™m and brother tribe," are very imitative, and are so ad vanced as to be able to read books, and the latest telegrams from "the mean whites." The obtaining of Solomon's ring in Pompeii involves the dissection of the Bnohanter j limb after limb iB out off by the prince; ultimately the head, which speaks as well as ever—a feat any day to be seen for one sons at the fairs. There is a Provence dance, s. farandole, the partners in which waltz, serpentine fashion, into an inn, by the windows, gallery, stairs, and out again, with the enemies of Fridolin, who held him pri soner. This coil quadrille was a charming success. With a subject so vast and various, the composition of appropriate music was no easy task, and consequently the score is voluminous. The overture contains a pretty waltz, and the chorus in the first j act is pleasing. " King Carrot's Polka " will be remembered, and also the dnet, " Roll, little ball/' The quintette sung in the ruins of Pompeii cannot be too highly praised, aa well as the trio for three female voices. The bass song, "We come from tiie depth of Persia," will be re tained among the crowd of successful morceaux. The piece was well acted, sung, and danced, and will doubtless find its way to foreign theatres that may be re gardless of expense. "Fantasio," opera-comique in three acts, words after Musset, music by Offen bach.—Certainly Heir, or since he has been naturalised, " Monsieur" Offenbach ought to be the happiest of musicians; his operas are as much at home in the chief cities of the world as in Paris ; at the present moment this is the third of his new compositions that Parisians flock nightly to hear, and in a few days he will produce another opera—Le Oonaire Noir of which it is said he has written also the libretto. Since 15 years this composer has bean a public favorite, and never has diminished in fame, except in the eyes of colleagues whom he has left behind, and who, ceasing to model and equal him in studious application, deplore a vitiated taste on the part of those who laugh or weep at bis melody. It is by incessant labor Offenbach has won his present position, and aa income of 100,000 francs a year. When he was in abject misery he ever tried to better what he had done. He was at one time a simple violinist in the orchestra [of the theatre where " Fantasia" is now being represented—the second opera house in Paris. If he progresses as he is doing he may yet finish by being crowned at the Grand Opera. " Fan tasio" is founded on one of poor Alfred de Mussett's elegant nothings, but which he alone possessed the art to polish and make interesting. Unhappily the one in question left something to be desired, and a friendly hand has supplied the want. The story is founded on a Munich student who is followed by bailiffs, and, dreading to sleep at his lodgings, prefers a chance bed in the Prince's palace to the certainty of one in a prison. The Prin cess Elizabeth's fool is dead, and since folly muat live, Pantasio dons the cap | and bells, crosses the Prince of Mantua in his negotiation for the hand of the Princess, irreverently knocks off the wig of the Afantuan Prince's representative, is thrown into prison, delivered, and loved by the Princess. He announces at last he is but a fool in disguise, &c.; Although this composition displays symp toms of labor—wants that spontaniety j which is characteristic of Offenbach—it is, nevertheless, a success. It would seem that he desired to silence his de tractors by producing a work full of melody, order, and distinction, superior to anything he has yet written. Having excelled in the eccentric school, he is about taking a place at the semi-serious Bide of Auber, Adam, and Victor Masse. The traces of bis bouffe vein are rare in ! " Fantasio," and, where found, appro priate to the occasion. The first act is the best, and sufficient alone to guarantee success. The " Student's Song" is a gem, and delicately ac companied by the first violins. Fanta sio's " Ballad to the Moon" will become celebrated ; his serenade of the Princess, is full of soft melancholy; considering that serenades are at once common and difficult, the applause it received was merited. The " Students' Chorus" is full of clear and exquisite melody, the rhythm free, and the song is taken up in parts by each of four students as they retire, with a " dying, dying, fall," very picturesque and original—recalling the school of Mendelssohn and Gounod, j The elegance of die first act spoiled us for the second, and the composer in writing a grand, air for the cantotriee, Mdlle. Priola, is not so happy. The duet between Fantasio and Elisabeth has more of ashes than of flame. The finale recalls the author of the " Grand Duchess" a little. The third act happily recalls the 6rat; there is a delicious duet between Fantasio and the Princess, and the final tableau, the " Fool's Fete," is full of life and spirit, very musical, while re maining scenic. The honors were first for Melchissedic, who represented Spark, a student; Mme. Galli-Marie, as Fantasio, had a sympathetic role, and proved, as always, she was talented alike aa singer and actress ; Mdlle. Priola was the Prin cess, in most costly dresses, and cap tivated by the clearness of her well balanced voice, the carefulness and finish of her vocalization, fi " Mademoiselle Aiase"I —drama in four acts, by the late Louis Bouilhet—is founded on an event of the eighteenth century and the corrupt court of the Prince Regent, when royalty amused it self, and a joke made at the expense of the ruling power exiled the author to his chateau or imprisonment in the Bastille; when the salons were occupied with the loves and scandals of great ladies, who, at the Regent's court in the Palais Royal learned to lie, flatter, and seek honest men for victims—to-day a Cardinal, like Dubois ; to- morrow a President, as Hlnault. The story of Aisse*has been twice dramatised and truth sacrificed to the ideal. She was a Circassian slave of princely family, bought in the market at Constantinople by the French Ambas sador de Ferriol, when only five years of age. He sent her to Paris to be brought up under the care of his sister-in-law, a Mme. de Ferriol, and her sister, Mile, or lime, de Fencin. It is uncertain what was the object of the Ambassador in thus educating the beautiful child—whether his Turkish manners intended to claim pashalic rights over his slave when of age. She might have been happier—fading her life away behind the gilded railings of the harem, with no other care than to catch her master's eye and pick up his handkerchief. She resisted the seduc tions of. the. Regent, died at 40 years of age, having loved at first sight the Chevalier d'Aydie—as a sultana her sultan—by -whom she had a daughter, " so little that the fault might be over looked." She was gentle, charming, and intelligent; esteemed by Voltaire for her &a;?Uencie?j and who "pardoned■ her many virtues." The drama exhibits Al?se* persecuted by her guardians, who were jealous at the revenue allowed her by the AmhanM^Ar ; so she'vancels tiie - obligation by destroying the document1 which guaranteed her income. She had now nothing to depend npon but the generosity of the two ladies—shadows in powder, rouge, lace, and ribbons. But she was loved by Aydie, who combined with an empty purse a pure and chival rous affection. Comte de Br&ourt;, de airing to dethrone the reigning mistress and to substitute one that would be out of gratitude his political creature, fixed upon ASsse*, the "beautiful Greek," as she was called. He made overtures to her guardians, who were only too happy to forward his scheme—for one was, after all, only a procuress in high life, and her sister, la Fencin, a Machiavel in petti coats. They labored to dissuade their victim to think no more of Aydie; such a marriage, with a slave, would never be pardoned by his family in this world, nor t>y -bis ancestors in the other. She is presented at Court—stranger to the in trigue. This is the third act—magnifi cently dressed in a Circassian costume, ■hiiiing with gold, sparkling with precious stones whichenbancedherdazziing beauty, she enters "the shambles of virtue." The Prince was captivated by this Peri from the Oriental heaven—the Court hails her as the new mistress—but she was " mad enough" to scorn all the Regent's over tures. Aydie attended this ball also, ac companied by a Commander of Malta, for, concluding Alsse" as lost, he vowed himself to celibacy by joining that order, and wore the black mantle and white cross. Encountering Aftse*, he upbraids her as being now the most despicable of slaves, and the poor creature, bewildered, flies. Meeting the Comte de Brecourt, he denounces his infamy, draws his sword, when his chief taps him on the shoulder and leads him away, but not till Aydie curses the licentiousness of the Court and predicts the people would burn down the Palace, which was not realised till nearly two centuries later—viz., in May last by the Commune. The fourth act represents an inn where AXs&e;' has sought refuse; she is writing letters of farewell to her friends, she refuses to eat —is dying. Aydie has discovered her, again reproaches her; she is too innocent to understand their nature, and finally falls on her lover's breast, choking with tears. At this moment de Brecourt en ters with a Uttre de cachet to throw Aydie into the Bastille; la Fencin follows to carry off the "little fool" that has spurned the favors of the Regent. Aiase* swoons; is lifted up a corpse. Aydie draws his sword to kill the Count, but his Com mander appears, orders him to sheathe the weapon, and throw? over his subor dinate's shoulder the black mantle, that served as a shroud for his love. It is this sympathetic denouement that has most contributed to the success of the piece. The costumes are costly and splendid; the scenery and accessories perfect. Mile. Sarah Bernhardt interpreted the diverse role of Aissé with passion, disgust, emotion, tenderness, and grief. Never was her beautiful voice married to more pleasing verse—for the drama is in verse. The detestable character of la Fencin was re presented by Mlle. Colombier, who saved all by her beauty. Thkatees. No other new play of importance has been produced, but Beveral are being rehearsed. There is an evident desire to allow the Offenbach fever to diminish. Hitherto, Managers have been only feeling the public taste, declining to run much risk. Formerly, a theatre had its clients, who rarely went to any other house to seek amuse ment, unless there was a piece with a cosmopolitan celebrity. Now ! managers compete to draw a pablic from the four corners of the city, taking chances for strangers and provincials, producing plays a fracas, with music and ballets, a numerous "figuration," rich costumes, dazzling decorations, artistes expressly engaged and on their own terms. If, in. this risk-all speculation, failure ensues, the director falls back on used up successes. Fashions. France proper gives no dancing par ties—only receptions and dinners ; it is foreigners that keep up the gaieties. At the most elegant soirees, conse quently, even as it is, toilettes of a new design are rare. However, for gene ral wear, rich materials continue to be more than ever in vogue, such as velvet, satin, and silk, and if a lady be not suit ably dressed, the fault does not rest with fashion, but with her own questionable taste ; for never did fashion allow of so much latitude among her votaries as at the present moment. There appears to be gradually creeping forward a disposi tion to dethrone tunics and overskirts. The Louis XV. train is becoming a favorite ; it has the advantage of allowing of endless variations without sameness. An old style is being revived, that of laying the skirts on the bands in gathers, thrown, of course, to the back of the jupe. Felt chapeaux are more than ever the rage, especially for young persons; but are only worn with a cloth or cashmere dress, which always constitutes a toilette ntglig&e.; The cha peau must be suited to the shade of the dress, and simply ornamented with velvet or' feathers—never flowers, as these and felt do not harmonise. Black felt is alto gether disdained. I have seen a very sweet toilette for a young person, com posed of a long tarlatane jape with small plaited flounces; tunic of rose faille, rounded before and. behind, raised at the Bides by a large bow of rose satin ; cor sage low, with a small plait of white tar latane arranged en berthe, with a solitary bow of rose satin in front of the corsage; headdres3—a single rose, with a train of leaves and rosebuds falling over the chignon. Very fashionable ladies, for motives of economy, patronise a low casaque in velvet, worn over a black or light-colored jape. Nothing can be more elegant than the prevailing taste for a tunic of black velvet, ornamented with white lace, gracefully gathered, and fall ing over a jupe of satin, or blue, mauve, or ruby poult de soie. A visiting | dress much in favor consists of a training robe in garnet faille, or namented below with three fringed j flounces, surmounted by the same num ber of puff plaits; corsage in velvet of same color, with pointed basques trimmed with guipure ; lace epaulettes ; sleeves in faille, ornamented as far as the elbow with six puff plaits, each an inch and a half in width ; bonnet of garnet velvet, with lace trimming, feather worn very high, falling a little to the side. For theatres, garnet satin is in request, with a jape -unit; corsage with long basques, forming vest before, puff behind, with the basques at side, pointed, and richly embroidered; the corsage is farther ornamented with rich black lace, sur mounted with a piping of garnet satin ; sleeves short and puffed ; fanchon of lace, with coques and a bow of garnet satin at the side, a bow of similar material fastening the fanchon in front. Two kinds of veils are worn, one composed of a scarf of embroidered tnlle, the other perfectly square, with a lace border, en tirely enveloping the bonnet; one corner falling before, the other three draped behind over the chignon. Young girls wear no head-dress, their youth and beauty being sufficient. The top-knot style of coiffure is becoming a favorite. Gloves are still all buttons. 