THE RIGHT REV. AUGUSTUS SHORT, D.D. A .servioe in commemoration of the 25th anniversary ? of the - consecration of the Episcopate of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was held in Chriatchuroh, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, 28th June, the Eve of the Feast of St. Peter. There was a largo congregation, the ohuroh being orowded in every part. His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, attended by Mr. J. A. FergusBon (private seoretary), was present, ? and there was a large attendance of the clergy. The servioe commenced with Choral Even Song, and after an appropriate sermon by the Ven. Arohdeicon Marry at, the Very Rev. Dean Russell presented his lordship -with a hand some pastoral staff, accompanied with the following addresB : — 'To the Right Rev. Augustus, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. ' We, your faithful clergy and laity, de sire on the eve of the 25th anniversary of your lordship's consecration to the episcopal office, to unite with you in thanksgiving to our Heavenly Father for the meroy which has spared you so long to oocupy your place as ohief pastor of this diocese. During- a quarter of a century you have maintained in the midst of yonr flock, or in their behalf, a ministry of variouB and inoatunweariedJabor. The contrast between the ' present oondition of our ohuroh in South Australia and what it was in 1847, affords abundant and sub stantial proof that your labor has 'not been in vain in the Lord.' Instead of the four olergy of 1847, we have now thirty-eight ; and instead of the five original ohurohes, there are now sixty-seven, besides sohool rooms and temporary' buildings for worship. Bat you have survived many of your best fellow-workers. You now miss from your side some men .by whose Ekffeotionate spirit yonr own was often sheered, and in whose ready coopera tion you found yonr heart lightened of its constant burden of care. .In the roll -f our olergy some names can no longer be found whioh were most highly honored in the earlier as well as the later history of the diocese. They have obeyed the bidding -f a Divine voice whioh called them to 'come up higher,' and among the laity in -ur various assemblies your eye will now leek in vain for some trusty comrades and idvisers, especially of those belonging to the mergetio band of early colonists. They lave gone before, as we trust, to make ready to welcome ub when our turn cornea to 'go hence.' Thus, during your episcopate, i.ew and holy links of sympathy have boen iormed between tho membors of the ohuroh i--re on earth, and the blessed company of ilie faithful in heaven. It ia with foelingo of Itu'p solemnity, us well as of fervent grati iulo concerning thorn that have 'fallen uloop,' that wo believe you will join with is in tho retrospect of a hintory so full of ?acred meaning and interest. Congratu ating you to-day as our Bishop, our thoughts laturally revert to j our diligent fulfilment in ;he midst of tho congregation, of the minis trations specially appertaining to .the office | of chief paster ; but, above all, we con template you as the head of the whole diooese — as ruler and overseer. Here we cannot forget how clearly, in reference to the other orders of the Church, you have recognised, and how peraeveringly you have labored to assign to them their proper sphere of influence and duty. You have not been content to be. 'a lord over us,' but have called us to take our proper part in the gene ral work of helping you to ' set in order' all things. The Diocesan Synod will, we trust, survive as the best monument of your Epis copate. It has already' oreated paroohial endowments, fostered the growth of Heathen Mission and Hatne Mission Funds,, and led to the establishment on a satisfactory basis of a Olergy Widow and Orphan's Fund. Your lordship was called to the charge of , the diooese, ia whioh you had to . contend with peculiar, and what must have seemed at the time, unexampled difficulties. But you have effeotnally vindicated the Ohuroh from the reproach of being un able to do its work except in dependence on State support. Above all, we rejoioe that in thiB diooese you have been' enabled to show to us all sc clearly that in all mat ters affecting the regular ministration of religion, the interests of the olergy and of the laity are one. How fully the laity have recognised this, they have practically shown, in the establishment of a Church of England Endowment Society, which iB likely to be a valuable auxiliary to the Synod in its at tempts to give permanency to existing minis trations. As another evidence of the spirit of co-operation thus created, it has been pour lordships happineBB to live to see the walls of your cathedral rising, and we trust that this happiness may be compluted, by your being permitted ere lcng to conseorale some portion of it to the holy uses for which it ia designed. This review of your episco pate cannot properly close without advert ing to the interest you have alw-ys ihown in behalf of. an education it once Christian in iti spirit, and duly respecting the consciences of others. The loblest result of this is the Collegiate ?School of St. Peter, which, under its pre tent principal and able staff of masters, has iaken the foremost place among the eduoa ,ional institutions of the colony. Last of ill, suffur us to say that the ohuroh over vhioh you preside has, mainly through rou? efforts, attained a singrlar privilege, nasmuoh as it has formtd an institution io.w self -supporting for the Ohristianisatlou »f ttihe native population ; whilst .among our lettlera it .alone has extended its ministra ions to the remotest -places in -the bush. Saeh ministrations hava extended in the southeast co'tho 'Viototuan border ?; in the west to Streaky Bay; asd in the north to the districts 1- ing within ooinmunieution with Mount Remarkable .and Port; Augusta In long and fatiguing journeys yonr Lord ship not only prepared the wsy for such sus tained efforts, but again and again sup plied . the plaoe of the missionary olergy when -some stress, of . oitoumstanoes had occasioned their temporary withdrawal. In the same spirit, in dealing with the vioe and misery whioh are un happily inoident to life in our larger towns, you, in the work of the Female ?Refuge and other benevolent institutions, set an example whioh good Christians of dif ferent oommunions have gladly followed. Hut, not -Kzy longer to dwell on particulars, if :must be -matter of deep thankfulness to every member of our church that in our first^bishop we have had one to whom has been granted so 'long a term of life, and who, through his whole episcopate has eo constantly fulfilled the Apostolic injunction — ' Feed the flock of God, as much as in you lies, taking the oversight not by constraint, but willingly.' It does not_ become ns to criticise or praise your lordship's publio and official proceedings; but theaot in whioh we are now engaged would be unmeaning were it not the expression of our conviction that you have fulfilled your vocation in the spirit of these words of St. Peter. We thank God for you and with you, that your assembled olergy and laity can thu3, on the eve of: the Feast of St. Peter, unite with a clear mind, aud with grateful feelings, in suoh a declara tion. We trust that you may still be spared for a long time to maintain yonr place under 'the Chief Shepherd of the whole flock of God.' And we pray you to accept from ub, as a visible sign of our filial rever ence, and as a symbol of your office, this, pastoral staff. We are, yonr lordship's faithful and dutiful olergy and laity. . For tho subscribers, ' A. RpssbUi, ' Ohairman of the Committee.' His LoBDSHir, in acknowledging .the pre dentation, said — ' This pastoral staff, with which you, my brethren of the olergy and laity, have been pleased to honor my service of twenty-five years in the episcopate, is an emblem of the effioe and duties of a bishop not less exproaBivo than appropriate. It is at onue the Bymbol of loving authority and devoted obligation. It has also a twofold aspect and regard. It lifts tho thoughts from earth to heaven ; and thence carries them baok to the wilderness of this world, in whioh the flook of Christ, purohased with His own blood, the special object of God's oare, is still wandering. It speaks, therefore, ' to the inner ear devout* of faithfulness to tho Chief Shepherd ; of Bolf-eaorifioe, of love and tender oare ; of vigilance and boldness in dofenoe of his sheep, for whom He laid down His life; of the 'ready mind' to do and suffer in their behalf, scorning filthy luore, or that more subtle sin, the love of power, aud dominion over God's heritage. This staff, then, is tho symbol of a responsibility awful in its nature, and vast -n its extent. It is a teaohor, not of pride, but humility ; not of boasting, but* self abasement; not of human strength, but carnal weakness; not of self-reliance, { but prayer for help from the Spirit of God. In this sense alone, brethren, dare I receive it at your hands. None know better than yourselves that ' it is a small thing to be judged of man's judgment.' I accept it, nevertheless, as a token of your good will. If, to use the language of our Ordination Ser vice, I have been among you as 'a shepherd, not a wolf ;' if 1 have fed and not de voured the flook; if I have in any measure 'holden up the weak, healed the sick, bound up the broken; if I have brought again the outcast, and Bought the lost,' I thank God in this behalf; and I pray that ' the blood of souls,' perhaps, through my negligence, , Xiost to to found no moro, may not be imputed to me, for His sake who died for sinners. Again, it is difficult indeed to be so merciful as not to be too re mies ; and so to minister discipline as not to be forgetful of meroy. It only remains therefore that I should ask your prayers, and the prayers of this congre gation, as well as of the brethren in the diooese at large, that our merciful Father may so endue me to the end of my day's with the Holy Spirit, that preaohing His word I may be earnest to reprove, beseech, and re buke, with all patience and dootrine ; and also be to suoh as believe a - wholesome ex ample in word, in conversation, in love, in faith. ' That so fulfilling my course, I may at the latter day receive the crown of righteous ness, which the Lord the Righteous Judge shall give to all who love His appearing ; even our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, would without end. Amen. After the Te Deam had been sang, prayer was offered by his lordship, „ who then advanced to the front of the. dais,, and, with the staff in his hand, pronounced the benediction, when the proceedings closed. The servioe throughout was most interesting, and very impressive. The singing was oer tainly admirable. Mr. G. Oughton effi ciently presided at the harmonium. The offertory was in aid of the oathedral fund. The Right Rev. AuguatuB Short, D.D., was born at Brickham House, near Exeter, in 1803, and is the. third son of Charles Short, Esq., barrister at-law and bencher of the Inner Temple. ,He was eduoated at Westminster Sohool and at Christ Churoh College, Oxford, where in 1824 he took first class honors in olassics, and graduated as MA. in 1826. In the same year he was ordained and -took deacon's orders. In 1835 he was -appointed Vicar of Ravensthorpe in Northamptonnhiie, rural dean in 1844; Bampton lecturer at Oxford, and firat bishop of Adelaide in 1847. In 1836 he married the seoond daughter of John Phil lips, .Esq., ? of Colharn, in Oxfordshire. The pastoral staff presented to his lord ship .was manufactured by Mr. Steiner, is of gothic design, and is divisible into three parts. The handle is of blaokwood, and the top is of silver, chased in the old Gothic style. In the centre of the orook is a silver figure of Sr. Peter, having in his hands the keys and the Wcrd. Lower down are the crossed keys — one of gold and the other of silver; whilst immediately under this is a Bilver shield, bearing the inscription : — 'A. Adelaide. The gift of his faithful olergy and laity. St. Peter's Day, 1872.' Part of the silver is colonial, and the effect of the workmanship is heightened by the many jewels which .are set in it, inoludiog ame thysts, topazes, and garnets. Th* stall may be unscrewed, and placed in a handsome jedar case, whioh was made by Messrs. May Sold and Son. Upon' the cover of the case, above the handle, is a silver oross, and below i shield, with 'A. Adelaide' inscribed thereon. The staff was designed by Mr. E. L Woods, and t-Jb a design has been admirably »rried.6nt by Lie. Steiner. Our engraving, s from a photograph of his lordship taken jy Mr. Duryea. 