Oïjc &!)ïimi) JWtomíns $nvilîL FRIDAY, MAKCH 22, 1872. THE country lias beon shocked by the discovery of minders committed under circumstances so atrocious that they fill the mind with horror. It will be far from our duty to suggest any reflections that might convert this horror into# prejudices against the suspected perpetrators. ' This is indeed a great danger to the adminis- tration of justice, though one to which there is stiong provocation in the public interest, always excited when appalling crimes are committed. The anxiety to punibh the guilty sometimes induces the acceptance of insufficient evidence in the popular mind. It is true that this has often led to a train of circumstances by which the truth has been ascertained and mistake avoided. The case of the murderer of Lord "WILLIAM ETJSSLLL illustrates the first point. Conclusive evidence was obtained from a news- paper report which appealed while the crimi- nal was on his tiial. The general conversation excites the recollection of facts forgotten, or btings together incidents which never could haxe been united in one chain of testimony. It alto iemov.es the mystery from which guilt is inferied without sufficient cause. A well-known example of this may recur lo the niemoiy of all our readers. In the case of O'l^AUiti^Li,, it was u^umed that he h.id taV.cn a houte in company with another, horn which he proposed lo watch for the DUKE OV EniNiiuitoir, with the view ol' taking his life. From this it was infeircd not only that ho intended to commit a murder,' but that he had an accomplice. And then inference proceeded i another step, and assumed that the lyers-in wait were members of a wide-spread con sphacy. This idea so strongly possessed the minds of many as to be deemed proof positive. The person who gave this incident was invited to see the prisoner O'FAIUÎELI, before his execution, and he came away per- suaded that the assassin and the man who took his premises were the same person. Here was a grand concatenation of evidence. It was published in the Herald. It fell into the hands of two gentlemen travelling, one in the employ of the Government, who instantly came foi ward and slated that they were the persons who took the premises and paid in advance. We mention this case to show how important is the statement of facts in the newspapers, not only for the detection of the guilty, but for the prevention of errors. It is important that the public should be on its guard when society has to deal with atro- cious crimes. The rise and diffusion of false- hood in daily life is one of the astounding results of popular agitation. The crimes are multiplied by twenties, and the persons sus- pected are increased in proportion. It is difficult to say how much credulity may permanently pervert the judgment, or how lai gc an influence a first erroneous impression may have on the final result. if, however, we strongly recommend the public to suspend their opinions until they have heard the evidence for the defence, we are deeply impressed with the unquestionable facts ah cady disclosed. It is certain that two persons, recognised, though strangers in the colony, in the Fame material circumstances, were depiived of their lives within a short distance of each other. It is certain that these ciimes were planned with deliberation, that they did not lesult from sudden collision, that the fatal blow must have been deliberately aimed and delivered with deadly precision. How it came to pass that the property was found on one of these victims conjecture only can explain. It may be inferred that the mur dei ers were disturbed, and that they precipi- tated their victim suddenly without rifling his pockets. Everything, however, must be a .matter of future inquiry and legal proof. But the facts, as they appear, must excite the liveliest concern, and often not without per- sonal apprehension. The deed seems, like the result of long practise, like the calcu- lated -villainy of men who are enabled to follow out a crime through delay and details with a firm and determined mind. Men who could inveigle their victims, alhiiing them into dangerous situations, and suddenly surprising them with death, seem to impress us with the awful possibility ihttt the thousand unattacked persons who wander thiough the colony may be exposed to similar assailants. Those especially ave exposed whs by any incaution disclose the fact that they are in possession of money. Such ciimes impress society with a sense of helplessness. People take precautions in vaiious ways to guard themselves from perils when they assume the usual forms. But every man feels that he is obliged to depend upon Pi ovidenco alone for the preservation of his life, if it is liable to be attacked when ap paicnt circumstances naturally produce confi- dence and repose. There are comparatively few cases where crime here takes the form of Thuggism ; and, somehow or other, it has rarely been tlie practice of English criminals. They are conscious that, intending to commit such a crime, they will betray trepidation-that they would be unable to look steadily in the face of the man they propose to assassi- nate. They therefore are rarely found to plan a murder which requires great artifice and deliberation. Generally, either the act is committed by a single hand, or it is done in fur- therance of some unlawful object, with the idea in the criminal that lie is only attacking property and life to defend himself. There are many instances in other nations of Thuggihh deliberation and artifice. In England there have been some examples of this mode of proceeding. The case of the murder of "YVEAHE, was an instance where the victim and murderers travelled many miles in company, carrying with them the sack prepared to deposit the body before bung thrown into a pond. Even here, " though hand join in hand," the murderers did not go unpunished. 'J he body was found, and by the impeachment of accomplices, the chief murderer was brought to the scaffold. Another very notorious instance was' the murders committed by BUIIKE and HAKE for the purpose of supplying surgeons with bodies for dissection. BURKE was hanged, but his name is added to the English vernacular implying a clandestine suppression of any fact. He strangled his victims by pressure. The crime was imitated by BISHOP, who selected, among others, a friendless Italian boy. These, however, were crimes rarely equalled in the Biitish calendar, since they imply a cruel calmness, a steady resolu- tion of purpose of which India has chiefly fur- nished examples. This, indeed, constitutes the character of the crime which has been coti. mitted in our neighbourhood, and by which it is made especially alarming. It impresses men with the 6en6e of helplessness, and renders coinage and ordinary caution useless. Jt is in vain to' speculate how any common career can prepare men for deeds of such atrocity-in what way they arc tempered to perpetrate acts from which human nature turns with horror. How is it possible for them to live among their fellows, and become worse than beasts of prey J It is happy for society that the examples of such wickedness are few. Every one sees how possible they are, and how impotent are precautions and all weapons against such men. Dr. YOUNG, in his " Night Thoughts," compares death to "a stanch murderer stendy to his purpose." . We have reason to bo glad that such are rare, and that the sense of an avenging justice, even in those who profess to be unbelievers, intimi- dates the boldest in crime. It is rare to fine1' at least in English society, a number af crimi- nals who can act upon such a plan, and carry it out without tripping. W,E seem to be under the influence of fashion in Ghosts as well as in clothes. Punch, in dealing with the accomplished prestidigita- tion of a certain Mrs. Gurry, expresses this fact in the following lines : " The grisly Ghosts of old have vanished ; The ancient Bogies all are banished ; How much more credible and pleasant Than the old Spirits arc the present." Looking back upon the history oï epidemic delusions for some centuries, wo cannot con- ceive it passible that we shoult!, ever yield to the absurd belieis in spiritual agencies that prevailed in former limes. Yet for all this, {lie same tendency, tUc same unhealthy craving for some " sign " that shall testify to the reality of the existence of disembodied spirits, produces beliefs equally absurd though of different shape. I hose who give them- selves up to such delusions affect to consider thom vastly different to the practices of white witchcraft as commonly accepted in England in the fifteenth and some later cen- turies. But the difference is only this,-that modern progress in scientific knowledge and common sense unfits people to receive now what they did receive then. A believer in the doctiines of Spiritualism would hardly be found to quake now under the " overlooking eye " of any of the wise women of HKNKY VIII.'s time, who were believed to decompose the family relationships and bring a house to mut by a simple glance towards the object of their malediction. A man who now resorts to some clairvoj ant to be informed of the nature of his disease would laugh to scorn the notion of there being any sovereign virtue in the King's touch, although at one lime the faculty was so much believed in by Unpeople of England that, when WILLIAM III. annulled the practice, he brought upon him the outcries of the parents of scrofulous children for his cruelty, whilst bigots lifted up their hands and eyes in horror at his impiety. Under the conviction that the Spirit world is not far from any one of us, there is, nnd always has been, a strong desire to step into the Chamber of Mystery, for the purpose of solving the connection that exists between the soul and the body-between this world and the next. But desirable as this knowledge is, little way lias yet been made to its attainment. In some directions limits are wisely placed to> the acquirement of knowledge ; and in this, for some gbod purpose, a barrier appears to be erected against our investigations. Some few lights have been vouchsafed to us, however. We have, [through our forefathers, in times long past, enjoyed communications with tlio Spirit-world, but all these opportu- nities have been such as to elevate and enonble our conceptions of the un- seen, and tho state of Immortal Spirits who have passed the boundaries of time. What- ever further revelations may be given to us, we have reason to expect, considering the quarter whence they come, that they will tend to raise us in the Beale of being-to magnify our con- ceptions of the Author of the Universe, and to illuminate this human body. If there is no hope of the thin veil which partitions the two states being pierced by the patient, devoted, and religious search for truth, on the part of men whose heaTts are given to the service of God and the development of truth, we fail to expect that this knowledge will be brought to us hy those who are less endowed for the work they undertake. If we cannot be helped by such men as the HERSCHEI.S, FABADAY, BaiLAVSMK, Lord lioss, TINDALL, and others, we think it senrcely likely that our eyes will be opened by any of those who now figure amongst the leaders of Spiritualism. We cannot look at the manifestations of Spiritualism, and the explanations given and accepted with regard to them, without feeling that they reveal something very unsatisfactory in our system of education. Were there not sad deficiency in the early scientific teaching of the people, there would be an absence of the predisposing cause, upon which the Spiritualistic, like every other epidemic, must fix. Not merely the average public, but many of those who pass for well- trained persons, and have obtained positions of eminence, appear to be ignorant of the principles of evidence, and destitute of the power of bringing the reasoning faculties to bear on objective realities. For instance, let us take an example, furnished from the testimony of Lord LINDSAY to Spiritualism. According to report he is " a gentleman of honourable name, unblemished personal cha- racter, and not only highly educated according to the ordinary standard, but possessed of considerable scientific attainments : being such a man, in fact, as would be justly accounted a safe witness in any ordinary occurrence." In order to test the power of Mr. HOME, he proposes to him an experiment which is accepted. Mr. HOME was to discover a. magnet in the dark, and according to his Lordship's opinion, did so in a satisfactory manner. We quote his details :-" I thea took into one of my rooms, which was totally dark, a large permanent magnet, and having removed the armature, I placed it on the floor near the wall, at a considerable distance from the door, Mr. HOME was then brought into the room, and remained standing near tlie i door for some moments, he then said, lrc saw some sort of light on the floer in a corner of the room, and he immediately said to mc, give me youl- hand and I will show you exactly where I see it ; he then led me straight across the room, and without the least hesita- tion, stooped down and placed my hand on the magnet." This appears to have satisfied his Lordship,, but had be been accustomed to test rigorously the evidences which came before him, as all men should who desire to promote truth, he would scarcely have been content. A Quar- terly Reviewer, a man of high scientific attain- ment, in commenting upon this experiment says, " Lord LINDSAY utterly failed to appre- hend the peculiar fallacies to which inquiries of this kind are subject. It is strange that it did not occur to him to employ au electro- magnet instead of a permanent magnet, giving free control over the galvanic battery, on which its magnetic force depends, to an assistant outside, who should either make or unmake the magnet, or jähould vary-its power at his own pleasure recording the time of each change ; if then Mr. HOME'S account of the appearance, disappearance, and varying in- tensity of the light emitted from the magnet should be found to be in uniform correspond- ence with such a record, and the experiment were te give the same constancy of results when several times repeated-with such varia- tions of persons as would exclude all possi- bility either of intentional collusion or of accidental coincidence-Mr. HOME'S possession of the power to see light issuing from a mag- net would be entitled to rank as an ascertained scientific fact." To this we may add, that the fact when attained would merely show that magnetic force acting through Mr. HOME S organization produced the sensation of light. Again, Lord LINDSAY represents himself as sitting in a room, in company with Mr».. HOME and Lord AD Am, and a fourth person. He says: "During the sitting, Mr. HOME went into a trance, and, in that state, was carried out of the windosv of the room, next to where we were, and was brought in at our window. The distance between the -windows was about seven îeet six inches, and there was not the slightest foot- hold between them; nor was there more than a twelve-inch projection to each win- dow, which served as a ledge Vu put (loivers cm. We heard the window in the noxt loom lifted up, and almost immediately after we saw HOME Hooting in the air, outside our window. The moon was shining full ¡"to (he room ; my bock was to the ] lieht, and I saw the shadow on the wall of the window-pill, and HOME'S feet about 6ix inches above it : he remained in this position for a few seconds, then raised tho window and glided into the room, feet foremost, and sat down. On going to look at the height to which the window was raised in the next room, Lord AUAIK found an opening of eighteen inches. Mr. HOME, ' on being aeked how he could _ get through so nanow an aperture, replied, whilst still in a trance, ' I will show you ;' and then, with his back to the window, he was shot out, bead first, and leturned.1' The windows ,of these rooms, let it be observed, are seventy feet from the ground. Nothing more is said of this Spiritual transportation, which took place, not in open da), but by moonlight, than if it had been the most ordinary occurrence. The details are so caiclessly stated that we aro left undecided as to whether Mr. HOME mado ?¿is flight at first from what is said to be the "next room," or was projected through the wall dividing the two rooms, and so out. Lord LINDSAY is, however, careful to inform us that "Mr. HOME was in a trance, and we think that it will be most charitable on our part to sup- pose that this trance was common to the whole party. , Those inquiries in which Dr. HAUE, Mr. CROOKS, Dr. HUGIÏINS, Mr. Sergeant COCKS, and some others have taken part, seem to show a like want of scientific discrimination ; and ?sue believe that if all the marvels of Spirit- ualism were subjected to 'the same severe tests as those which FAIIADAY in his time employed, we should bear as little about them as we now do about the doings of the Brothers DAVENTOHT. The best remedy for this tendency to delu £ion is an improved method of mental training. It should be the design of those who undertake to train the' mind to ?secure " the acquiiement of habits of correct observation of the phenomena daily taking »place around us ; the cultivation of the power -of reasoning on these phenomena, so as to !arrive at general principles by the inductive process ; the study of the method of testingi the validity of such inductions by experiment ; .and the deductive application of principles thus acquired to the prediction of phenomena which can be verified by observation." SurrtEME COURT. - Business this day. In Equity: Boforo his Honor the Primary Judgo, ntl. o'clcck. MncVen?io v Laird (by order), injunctioni .motion. Term List.-Motions Generally-Motions : In re1 Dale, for ciiun'nal information; C.iop-r v. Birrell, motions nisi for now tiial; Schofield v. Harrisky, ditto; Lodge v. Cowan, to dissolve injunction ; Young v. European Assur-1 Bneo Company, to retoind order, &o.;, part heard; oxpirte' Roes, piohibition, Brand» RegUtralion Act; cxpirte Gor den, quo warranta; ditto Halliday, ditto; ditto Mutton, ditto; in ro Smith and Turnor, attaohmout; exparti Green, prohibition ; Davis lind another- v. Rogers and another, to diptolvo injunction; exparte Cuddy, prohibi- tion; ex parto Sook, quo wairanto. ' , DISTRICT COURT.-Business This Day : Ca. sa. WolionB: Helljer v. Whi>e-li-r, Quick v. Hurdy, Tioklo v. "Willis, Crowe v. Spence, jun , WiUon v. Moore, Wilson v., (Mooro, Wilson v. O'Krefe, Wilson v. Everett, Wardrop v j 'Green, Wilson v. Cook, Peterz-im v. Helm, Lazarus v. Car-' roll. Rehearing: The Mayor and others v. Moss. New] trials motions : Wright v. Hughes, Seamor and others v. j Friend. Causps : Williams v. Porceivnl, Rudd v. Walford . and another, Ruokoitz v. Borough of Camperdown, Rooko j V. Corten. 1 A THEATRICAL SQUABBLE. -- The following amusing case is report in the Lyttlelton papers:--An action was brought against Mr. Morton Taveres by Miss Cassy Matthews and other members of the company of the Theatre Royal, for breach of contract in his refusing to continue playing at the theatre as agreed. Mr. Tavares' defence was that the company was imperfect, and some of its members so very incapable that he would not endanger his profesional refutation by continuing to take part in . such wretched representations. Some of his evidence was amusing DB instancing tho treatment Shakespeare reçoives from provincial companies. Mr. Tnvaros said, " On many occafione 1 could not get tho properties. lu the banquet , tcciio in ' Mucbeth ' I could only got a round tablo with nothing on it. (Laughter.) I alluded especially to tho imperfections ef Mr. Wolfe, who said, 'Do not gavvgo me,' called epitome, opi tome, (te. I bad a discussion -sith Miss Matthews about the critiques in thu papors. The conversation with regard to the ' papers began with her. Sho carno to mo in a toworing ¡ago ai,d said, ' Tbcso editors must bo spoken to.' (Laugbtor.) At tho ronclusion of the 'Merohant of "Venico' it was powerfully hi-J-ed hythe audience.' I huid to ppcak and act rogarding a bunch of keys, and there wore ro kcye to bo had, and tho man who plnyod Launcolot was to bring a message, which ho never delirored, and walked o IT tho Bingo without saying u word. (Loud laughlor ) "Wo had to send a mun in and read a part, because tho .person who was to lill it was not only drunk, but didn't como near the placo. There wero innumerable diUioulties in ' Tho Merchant of Venice.' Ono man caine on, and instead of saying 'deceased,' ho said ho was ' diseased and gono to beaven.' (Loud lnughter ) Tbcn ho nover spoko threo lines of tho wholo pitt. In fact ho loft me on thostago and walked oil without speaking a uno. Wo plaj-ed ' Richcliou ' tbo first weok, and repeated it on Moncuy in tho following week. They were then no better, in fuct much worse, because they knew much IW-B of the piece than they did at firBt. (Laughter.) After I had boon called on | and retired, eono friends of Mr. Wolfe behind tho scenos tiigan colling for him to go in front. Then it was carried on in front hy Bomo bojs in the pit." (Loud laujhtor.) It is right to givo Mr. Wnlfa'a vorsion of what to >k place. Ho said :-" I complained ibat tho terms ho (Mr. Tavares) asked wore too high. I said, " If ho is a 'stir' let him draw tbo money into Iho theatre ; if he doos not, ho is no "star" at all. (Laughter.) I don't think ho ought to grumble.' The acting of the other mombora ol' tho compnny is not goud at any time-(laughter) -and I deu't think it was altered much while Mr. Tavaros appeared. I consider that ho has done us moro harm than f:ood. If ho liad not come, wo should havo got a good iving out of it, whereaa he 'jacked ui up in the mudlo of the week, und tumbled us right over.' " (Laughter.) What Mr. "Wolfe meant here must remain an enigma. Further on ho said, " I boy called mo on at the end of the piece, but Mr. 1 autres took my call, which ho had no right to do." (Laugbtor.) " Thero was something (i c, in the 'Merchant of Venico') about 'justico been acoursod.' You will find threo or four editions of Sliakeppoi.ro, and Ihoy aro all different. 1 think it is a matter of indilior (nee, as far as William Shakespeare ÍB concerned, which «ay it is." (Laughtir.) Iho Courl gave a verdict for tho glaintiffs, £5 damages. RUSSIAN CURE FOR DRUNKENNESS.-Judging from a scene that took place at Sandridgo on Sunday nftor noon (says the Ape) thoy seem in tho Russian navy to take eunimary measures to counteract the ill ellecta of too freo a uso of stimulating liquors. Ono of tho potty oûicera of tho Russian man-of-war now in p irt, tired of his accustoiiicd qimiis and coin brandy, had indulged to such an extent in Rritish or culonial poteut drinks as to become rather violent in his manner. His shipmates managed to got bim into a bargo belonging to tho ship, and for somo timo died to sootho his irritated feeiinga by kindly expostu- lations. Finding that tho suaviter in modo treatuiont was of no avail to curb his laud oratory or wild gesticulations, they had recourse to the fortittr in tho shape of a cold bath. Taking the nautical b icchaualian by tho legs, they lifted him over the side, hoad first, and hold him under water until the strength of tbo spirit ho had imbibed must havo been consideiably weakoued. Sput- tering ned confused ho was drawn into the boat again, but after a few nioraentb' rctt showed meh signs of returning truculcncy that his companions found it necessary to tie his aims and legs with stout twine, and to stow him away Dudor one of the scats, to the wonder of a largo crowd tiRsemblid en tho pier. Having thus disposed of their male, they pullod off calmly to tho ship. SMALL-rox AT WBLUINGTON, N.Z.-It will be seen in referenco to our news from Lyttelton that an immi- grant vessel arrived at Wellington, on hoard of whish seventeen deaths occurred from Bmall-pox. B. E. SPENCE'S HiontAND MARY.-We bave been ; educated to correct an trronoous statement appear- ing in a no1 ice, extracted from tho Art Journal of January, relative to Spenco's Highland Mary-exhibited at tbo First Conversazione of tho Aoadomy of Art, on the eth of August last. It i* thero Btatcd that the Highland MtiryjwiiB purchased by Mr, District Judgo JoBonhson for £7C0. This largo sum may havo been tho prico of tbo original, but that ia doubtod. The beautiful replica, exhibited hy Mr. Josephson at the Conversa/.iono. was completed for Mr. Jopephson hy Mr. Spence himself for x]5u. Her Majesty bus, it appears, a duplicate of thifl-tis iras intimated in (ho Herald's report of tho conversazione at Iho timo it took place. It was net thou Btatcd (as Iii» editor of tho Arl Journal would appear tJ intimate) that hc-r Majesty ever ordered a oupy to bo taken of Iho statuo wl ich in now in. the liumoio gallery. The notice in the ¿III Journal cppeais to havu been rather hastily written, for buideB (he hut mentioned error (about the copi of the Jinmrre Ft.ituc) Mr. WnlliVs ñamo i* npilled ¡Pallico, ord Mrs. Marko (playfully reform! to bv Profesor Bad- ham) i,. cCiîiy spoken of us Mr. St>irko, ¿liov- iug that tho wlolo (chit of tho humorous ulhuieu waa misuncler tstçvtj. Pi CM o AT BOTANY.- Tho Mayor (Mr. Michael Chili mun) Pavo n I»"'1110 »I Botany, yesierdiy, at whi ¡h nu B1 of lho Aldermen of tho oitv, tho Mayors ol the Mibuibnn borough», and mnny other gentlemen, word Îresent Tho party wiro driven out to tho Sir Joseph tunks Hotel in omnibuses bnionging to tho Neweiiun Olinthus Company. An excellent lunch wus provide I in tht large room of ihe hotel hj li ,st Bradford When lunoh lind been ctncluded, tho Mav r rmpascel tho usuil 1 >yal tontts, which were duly honound by tho compiny Mr. B Jamts propoeod a toast to the Major, to which Mr. Clapmt-n briefly responded Alderman Day, who ocoapiod the vice cluir, propoeed a tonet to tho Majors of tho subur liin niuiiitipiihtics Mr li Lord responded Mr. Wultor Brodlty also responded, and, m the courso of his remarks, sind ho should liko to seo tho municipalities invostod with the power of electing members of Parliimont to rcprefcnt them , and boalsodcsired to BOO universal sutTrago dene away wilh , ho ivinsidirod that universal suilrogo was tho curso of Now South Wales, jf a respectable, educated man was nominated for election OB a member of Parliament, and a bullock drivor was nlfo nnminated, the probabilities woro that whil-it tho buter wonld cet 1300 votes tho formor would got porhapi thirlj or forty Mr. lunks was also culled «pinto re'p^nd lo tbo tonst Ho defended tho Parliament from any «ppernons sought to bo cast upon it, ho also sp ike strongly in favour of tho cxteneion of tho mumoipil systoai throughout the colony But ho would not liko to sou tho muniiipal pjsttm foroed upon the countrj. the municipal hiw, as it stood at present, was, howivor, a groat stumbling block, lnopmuch as it permitted persons living upon vorj (?mull Bress of country to form muniupihlits, uni it ahn tillowed tbo Fplitting up of anv r-iieting municipality into email sections. At the North Shore, for instance, there viss ono municipality of half a mile in extent, and another of three quarters of a mile in ttlent, there woro two other boroughs adjoining inch of these boreugha bud to havo ofheers and pay n council clerk, and a large portion of the mconio was expende d in tho management of lie nflairs of oath borough, staruition pay was gi vin to some ptisen to uct as clerk of the «oiks If those four municipalities were to join themselves into ono borough, ttie-y would bo ablo to emplov, compottnt persons to trineast lho business and look afttr lho work, and it would do away null a great deni of business that was done on tho "thentir" principle Mr. Hindes also responded. Tho ce mpany then adjourned to tho grounds, whero gamos of cricket, quoits, etc , wero resumed, lho company returned to S j duej early in tho ovomng. DETERMINED SUICIDE.-Y esterday morning (says tho ficucastlc Chronicle), about 2 o'clock, whin the Maitland steamer was off Cape I breo Point*, on her pas- sage from Sjdney.toJNewoastle, ayoung man, a passenger, but whoso name is at present unknown, was seen by the man on tho look-out on the liridgo to go forward, and de- liberately jump overboard lho Btoimor, on the alarm being given, was at once stopped, and Captain Budd did; MB utmntt to ondeavour to eave tho unfortunate man, but tho night being dark, not a glimpBO of him could bo seen. Upon inquiring of soma of his fotlow-Datwongers, w o learn that ho was perfecllj sober, not dnnktng anything on board, and appeared to bo verj jocular during the first part of tho passage, keeping his tompinions in a merry humour! till it WBBtinioto turn in After turning in, however, he was I Fein to get up, put on lito tint, and go on dook, and shortly after tho alarm was given of " a man ovorbjard " Tho lost men had the appearance of b»ing about twonty-fivo veers of age, and, from his conversation, was thought to hnvo been but a short time from London He was dros^od tn pallor s clothes, and was, no doubt, coming to tun port I to feik employment No reason, nt present, oin be given, fer his committing the nish net lho unfortunate min vine a fiteerago patsonger and by which he could bo identi- fied His only luggage consisted of threo or four articles of vi earing apparel. CATTLE DRAFTING-A correspondent sends the l'lcasant Grech News an incident of tattlo drafting, i which is ns curious as auiu«ing Hosajs -"OnthoFn-' day the men rode in with und managed to yard twenty- j thito scrubbers along with a quiet mob that helped to I steady them. When wo got them in tho j ard wo know ! thero would bs fun in the morning, and so thtro wus ' J-It-, who is ono of tho boat cittlo drafted lu this purt of the country, was amongst us, and wo expected to soo i a day's sport of a description that is fast dj in¿ out ia this ! rait of Victoria On the following day wo found little I difficulty in getting tho quiet boa«ta away from tho scrub- ' beis, but the troublo began vi hen wo tried to get the branded of the wi'd mob nviay from the unbmnded. J-- It-, who took the lead with a long and supple roping pole, bael to drop his sapling across tho ' pith ' of threo or tour, and fill them before ono of tho right kind could bo got out. In tho meantimo tbo mailors kept us all closo to the fences Assort here and there in tho j ard kept us lunnicg up the rails as fast as wo got djsvn. X do not think I am bevond tbo truth m stating, thal before hnlf the branded beasts vi ero drafted, half adoben or moro ¡scrubbers wero tottering stupidl) abjut tho yard aflor ritiDg fiom where they were dropped by tbo roping polo of J. It. About this time we began to throw each other s hats into the mob, and dare the owner to ' go and fetch it ' Unfortunately, hpwever, tho tutor was watchtng ua, and this gentleman (who had been drinking freelj) had the idea that tho power ot his oyo could keepgihe vvildost boast atbnj Some ono stupidly throw his hat into the vard and without a moment's hesitation ho jumped in, walked coolly to where the hat was lying, picked it up, and walked baik without a sign being made by any of the beasts Encouiagcd, I suppoeo, by his iscapo ho began to trj the fflect of his eye, and succeeded in catching lho attontioa of a scrubber Wo all paw tho danger, and shrieked to him to run for the fonco This at first ho declined to do, still ttarirg willi a diunken sway at the boast, when, for somo renfon, his courngo deserted han, and he turned to run. 'Í ho brute was aftir him m a inmuto, and tossed htr head up after the rush just ia timo to try the strength of the feat of a pair of strong moleskin trousers In this position ho was tarried arounet tho j ard, and (in illy toasod over the rails without a scratch Mr Tutor rose nnd went home a wu-cr II an as to the power of the human ojo ovor tho brate creation " THF PERMANINT MILITARY FORCE.-Yestor daj morning this loico was umrehed from tho Viotona Barracks to tho Inner Domain for a drill, under tho com- mend of Captain Fit/simons The mustor was-otlicers, i, non-commic-«ioucd ofhtirs, 12 , rank and file, 96-the re- mainder about 100, being on duty The dotiohmeut pro- ceeded through tho citj headed by ita own band, and on this, its first appearance in our main thoroughfare, at- tracted much notice. Upon reaching tho Inner Domain, whieh has been granted by bia E^cellencj tho Adiomis trotor ot tho Government for mirposcs of drill when required, tho part j, which consulted of two ompames under tho command of 1 nutennnts Undorwood¡¡and Wilson, took up their position in open i olumn, facing north Tho men woro then wheeled into line and put through tho manual and bring ccerusc,aft..r wluth livo rounds por man wiroexpendeel m independent firing lho force then brekc into column to tho right, and tiio command, 'quick march" being given, the men formed lino to tho loft, on lho rear tompauj. After an interval tho battalion was ordtridtoskirmish the No lcoiupanj uotingas skirmishers, tho No 2 as support After a series of maniovres tho men were marchid back to barracks lho various move- ments were executed with great precision, and Bernie of our oldest Volunteer otlicers, vi JO happened [to be present, ex- pressed their appreciation of the high stato of ofhciency which the forto diaplnyod, the short time which his olapEed Bineo lho formation boing considered. THE TREMIKR OF NEW ZEALAND ON A Olio vi FU -Over ono of tho provinces of New Zealand is a rupcrintcndent who « 11 not he tomforted, and whoso mitery is thus described ly Mr I ox -"It is a faculty of thal lion gentleman that ho is always brooding over what is doltful and lamentable, oven lugubrious and filled with the gloomiest anticipations I have ni doubt that when the hon ¡rentlenitn was an infint in his eradlo ho labourtd under tho horrid hallucination thot the milk bottlo would give out that ho foreboded that his little pocks were damp and filled with rheum lttcs that some- thing was wrong with his pap or that his nurse hld not aired his pimiforo I havo no doubt th it these peculmn tics are constituí onal wilh tho lion gentleman that ho was born into tbo world a mo^t unhappy creature , and I havo no doubt ho will continue ma prognostications to tho end of the chapter, and his last moments will lo hir OFsfd with apprehensions lest the rascallj undertaker thould make bis coffin six inches too short " (JoprER HuNTihG -Ihe excitement which pre vailed hire a ¡short timo since (sajs tho Braidwood Dis pate!) nmongst several persons in tho search for a fabulously nob. topper mine discovered in tho wildest and roost înaccetsible parts of tho Budawang ranges, somo twentj j ears back, but which no ono has been able to como across again, has extended to Sjdney it Fooms On Sundav lnst three or four persons from tho metropolis arrived bv Malone s coach, and lured a o nveyanco to tike them to Warrumbutci from vi hinco tuev had directions to proceed to some habitation in tho bush where, it has Fince transpired, a mnn was to meet thom who could lead tbem to the exact spot where the copper had be n obtained lbcso Sj dney gents on Wednesday wero som dressed out in diggers' costume trjing to lind their way to tho placo they bad been directe i to, a fow miles from Warrambucca, they having lost themselves foveral times, and from their utttr i^noranco of the locility being very likely to havo to enmp out nil night, mid if they did not inind themselves IOFO their way altogether Iheso rrentlouicn must certainly havo been t lattd m possession of what ap- peared to them very valuable and reliable information as to (ho wbcrcnbsutfl of this copper mino to induce thom to un- dertake such ajourne} nnd to run such perils Wo only hepe they will succeed, but we certainly have no groat hopes, seeing tho numoer of pereons who bnvo boen all Ihur lues in lho district, and who after being out for dayB and nights together looking for this long lost lodo, hive had to give it up as a bad job A LEGAL WAÎ«T-The Wellington Jiulrpen dei t says - * In one of tho countrj districts ' out west in tho Nelson province, a man was charged before one of our Wellington Justices of tho Pt ice, who wis travelling through tho distriet, with having committed somo potty t Dence The oprrehtndiufj constable was about to testify to tho oflenco and the arrest, when lo ' the volume of tho snored law proved truly to beajewol wilhoutpr oo,a search of two hours in the neighbourhood proving of no avail in Vroturinga Bible As a wav out of tan ditheulty the oulprit lad to b disinsfcd lins district si ould be marked out us a Mutable he d for the labours of a missionary rim/i UM-In tlio first loiler .n yesterday's ISM < fer "isiirmt, frem tho rnwde eis" read"ostipmr ii«¡m the matnudirs," 