SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) ADELAIDE, Oct 23. The cable between Java and Port Darwin he has broken silence in real earnest, and 'has been making good use of its recovered rower of speech. On the morning of the 29th the news came that the broken ends of, the wire and been picked up and were being re-united at midnight on the 20th the authorities were able to announce the resumption of communication. No messages came through on the 21st, but complimentary telegrams from South Australia and other colonies were sent and the Telegraph department were so far satisfied with the evidence of the complete restoration of the line, that they proclaimed an illumina- tion, which cause duly off in the evening. As, however, the display was conducted upon principles of the most rigid economy, and the lightning was provokingly brilliant, the result was highly unsatisfactory. At the best of times, half a dozen Bengal lights and a dozen rockets spread over the period of an hour are not calculated to excite enthusiasm, but when they are brought into competition with dazzling lightning flashes they have not the ghost of a chance. A band was set to work to play lively tunes in the Town-hall portico, and it succeeded in drawing together a crowd of 2,000 or 3,000, but the whole affair was a miserable failure. The truth is, we are a practical people, and know better how to carry a telegraph line over 2,000 miles of in- hospitable country than to fittingly celebrate the triumph of our enterprise, perseverance, and liberality. So far we have failed utterly to get up a bigger demonstration in honour of the Great Central Telegraph line than that which took place on Monday last. On Tuesday, the 22nd, the first message from London arrived in Adelaide, but to our disappoint- ment we learned that it was intended for a Melbourne house. After this, telegrams began to flow in rapidly, the trans-Australian line being kept in constant employment until well on in the evening. The public bore up under the excitement of the occasion admirably. Here and there anxiety was expressed to know the latest quotations of copper, but nobody seemed to trouble their heads about the state of Europe or the final settlement of the Alabama claims. in saying that no demonstration worthy of the name has yet been attempted in Adelaide, I do not wish to convey the impression that the populace are altogether supine about the importance of the work that has been achieved. On the contrary, everybody expresses himself humiliated that so much indifference should be shown ; everybody rates the Government soundly for their unpardon- able neglect and everybody has made up his mind that when Mr. Todd and his brave associates return all past omissions must be rectified. The superintendent of telegraphs, who has through his indomitable energy and unflagging zeal earned a title to the highest honours that our colonial state can bestow, is now within a week's journey of Adelaide, and all classes seem bent on doing him reverence. On the other hand, the Omeo, with the subordinate officers and rank and file of the construction regiment, must be nearing port, so that the demonstra- tion to Mr. Todd can be readily made to embrace all those who have worked under him. Yesterday a meeting under the presidency of the mayor, and attended by about 100 influential colonists, took place in the Town-hall to arrange preliminaries for the welcome. Resolutions expressive of the indebtedness of the colonies to Mr. Todd and his intrepid companions were carried, and it was decided that a public banquet should be given in commemoration of their return. The feeling that pervaded the meeting was hearty and unanimous, and one of the most pleasing features in the proceedings was the speech of Sir George Verdon, who with great propriety took upon himself to speak for Victoria, and to give assurance of her readiness to co-operate in doing honour to the men who had done such good service, not only to this colony, but to Australia generally. His remarks, which breathed the most liberal spirit, and were delivered with a fluency and self-possession which few of our public speakers have attained, created an excellent impression. Sir George has previously made one or two appearances upon an Adelaide platform, and the general feeling with regard to him here is that he well deserves the reputation he has won. The Port Darwin gold diggers are giving the Commissioner of Crown Lands and his representative in the Northern Territory the acting Government resident-no end of trouble. Finding to their cost that the warnings administered to them before they left Victoria were thoroughly well founded, they are casting about for means to return, and have appealed to Dr. Millner for assistance in chartering a vessel to carry them back. The doctor, under instructions from headquarters, has declined to aid them, but has promised them work upon subsist wages 4s. 6d, a day, the rate paid in Adelaide a year or two ago as a labour test. The men have rejected the offer, and are conferring with each other as to their future proceedings. On Tuesday the Commissioner of Crown Lands reported to the Assembly the course he had < followed, and was warmly cheered. The House is not at all disposed to expend money in reducing the population of Port Darwin, particularly as there is reason to believe that a number of the discontented diggers will shortly be required to work the reefs that have been taken up at Yam Creek. No news of consequence has been received of late from this undeveloped Eldorado, and all excitement in Northern Territory scrip has died out upon 'Change. The promoters of the Adelaide University have applied to the Government for assistance, or rather have asked leave to rate the Government upon the list of contributories, so that they may, with a better hope of success, appeal to private benevolence. They have not yet exactly defined the amount of aid they expect to receive from the state, but they are determined that when the time comes they shall lose nothing for the want of asking. Roughly stated, their claims include a grant of four acres of lands on North Terrace, adjoining the present institute building rather too public a site for a university, but probably as good a one as can now be obtained for nothing-a handsome donation towards the cost of the building, and an annual gratuity of £5,000. The Government have not declared the extent to which they are inclined to go towards meeting the promoters, but Ministers have been lavish in their expressions of sympathy with the object in view, Before committing themselves to any promise of monetary aid, they require a distinct avowal in writing that the institution is not to bear any way denominational, and that it is likely to be liberally supported by the outside public It has been mentioned that a wealthy colonist, following the liberal example of Captain Hughes, has agreed to contrabato £20,000 towards the university fund. The Assembly has been proceeding; in its usual deliberate manner with the business of the session. It has carried several bills forward a stage or two, brought to an end a dolefully common-place debate upon the prosaic budget of the Treasurer, and finally Prepared itself, by a two days' adjournment, for prjjjijg through the hot weather, which has'_owset in in dire earnest. A week ago it had a tussle with the permissive principle, and effectually worsted it. The shape in which it was presented for consideration was comparatively innocuous at the first, it has now become absolutely innocuous. The bill embodying it was introduced three or four months ago with a great flourish of teetotal trumpets and Band of Hope fifes and drums. It was triumphantly carried past its second reading, and then left to await its turn in committee. Its turn came on Wednesday last, and the treatment it received was most unmerciful Members, whilst professing ardent friendship towards its principle, quietly set to work to dissect it, nor rested until they had completed its evisceration. First of all they carefully expunged the provision for allowing ratepayers by vote to diminish the number of licences now in force, thus setting at rest the question of vested interests ; then they are sorted a clause exempting from the operation of the vote every licence that might hereafter with the consent of the ratepayers be granted, thus removing from the voters all power of revoking their judgment; then they agreed to add words placing a limit upon the power of ratepayers to veto the granting of new licences, rendering it impossible to reduce the number of publichouses in a municipality or district council below one for every ISO ratepayers ; next they expunged entirely the clause allowing compensation, on the ground that no licences were to be taken away, and finally rejected a proposition brought forward by the disgusted author of the measure to strike out the short title. The bill is down on the paper for to-day, but as both friends and foes have recommended its withdrawal, it is not likely to be proceeded with much further this session. For the third or fourth time, a bill has been introduced into Parliament for assimilating the law of insolvency in the colony to that now in force in Great Britain. One of it divisions is devoted to the abolition of imprisonment for debt, except in certain well defined cases. Others have in view the hand- ing over of estates to creditors for distribution, the Insolvency Court, which is a necessity of the present system, and has to be brought into operation in every case of adjudication, being made merely ancillary to the action of creditor appointed trustees. The points of detail upon which the greatest difference of opinion exists, are first whether the Insolvency Court should be maintained as a separate jurisdiction or the oversight of it transferred to a judge of the Supreme Court and secondly, whether the trustees should be left altogether unfettered in the realisation of estates, or have an official accountant to see that they attend properly to the work they take in hand. It is probable that the controversy will end in the retention of the present Insolvency Court and in the appointment of an official accountant. Yesterday in the Assembly the new bill was read a second time after a brief discussion, in the course of which there was a strong expression of opinion that the time for the abolition of all laws of insolvency was fast approaching. The action of your Government in seeking to decoy Dr. Schomburgk away from his allegiance to South Australia has been un- favourably commented upon in the Assembly, and the fortitude of the doctor in resisting the tempting bait held out to him has been correspondingly applauded. It so happens that the curator of the Botanic gardens is one of the prophets who has honour in his own country. No foreigner could more thoroughly appreciate the doctor than do the people of South Australia. They are proud of him, and of the permanent evidences of his skill and industry which the garden affords and rather than let him go away, they would, I verily believe, double his salary, which now amounts to £400 a year exclusive of house rent. In the Assembly, on Tuesday, an opportunity was given to members to say a word or two about the doctor; and every one who spoke not only loaded him with compliments, but urged that he should receive more liberal treatment than he has hitherto met with. So jealously anxious were they to keep him in the colony that, as I have hinted, one and another of them characterised the attempt of Victoria to inveigle him over, without first communicating with the Adelaide Government, as unneighbourly. The construction of a railway between Adelaide and Glenelg is proceeding satisfactorily. The greater portion of the earthworks are already completed, and although the advance in the price of iron has retarded the performance of the contract for the supply of rails, the directors of the private company that has taken the line in hand hope to have the undertaking completed by the end of the year. On Monday the first rail was laid by the mayor, in presence of a large assemblage of persons, who subsequently lunched together. Two locomotives have been ordered for the railway, and the carriages to be used upon it are to be open at the back with sitting accommodation for 150 persons. The company has power to carry the rails down King William street from South- terrace as far as the Grenfell-street crossing, but they have not obtained civic or Parliamentary sanction for the use of steam in driving the locomotives through these streets. It was intimated at the luncheon that they intend seeking the requisite authority, but it is not likely to be granted them. Death has been busy with well-known colonists of late. The first to pay the debt of nature was Mr. Kekurck, one of Stuart's companions upon his famous trip through the continent. He was to have accompanied Mr. W. C. Gosse on his expedition through the Western country to Perth, but he was seized with a severe cold, and died at Beltana, Next on the obituary occur. the name of Mr. Aulay Macaulay, a leading Freemason, one of the superintending surveyors of the Central Road Board, and a second cousin of the celebrated historian, Lord Macaulay. Then follows Mr. Joseph Darwent, the well-known agent in Adelaide of Messrs. McMeckan and Blackwood, line of intercolonial steamers. He had been in a very delicate state of health for months. 