. QUEENSLAND. Brisbane, Wednesday. ; Thirteen thousand six hundred and sixty acres of land; have been taken up in Queensland by speculators in tho mines. . Wellington Gold and Tin Mining Com pany, El Dorado.— The fortnight's yield from this claim was 2S6oz 18dwt 12grs of gold, and 6 tons of black sand. There can he not the slightest donht that when the boundary is reached, and blocking ."out begins in earnest, there will be a large increase in the fortnightly returns. ... . The Beechworth Wesleyan Church.— The quarterly financial meeting of this church was held in the Yestry on Wednesday, at three o'clock. There was a good attendance. The meeting was presided' over by the pastor, as usual. The income met the expenditure. The stewards presented their account of the addition to the parsonage, and it was found that there was a deficiency of £63, and £13 for furniture. It was resolved to hold a tea meeting on Whit-Monday, with a view to the removal of the deficiency. ' A general con versation took place oh the affairs of the church, and it was decided to hold a week of special religious services both at Beech worth and Stanley during the next month. It was announced that Sabbath . services and. tea meeting, in the interest of the Stanley Sunday School, would be held on 14th and 15th April. The meeting adjourned at six o'clock to a friendly reunion at Mr Hoaton's, where a pleasant evening was spent. There is to be a service on Good Friday, at 11 a.m., in the church at Beechworth. . Beechworth United Shire Council.— This council will meet to-day, . (to-morrow being Good Friday) but we are not aware of any- business of great importance to be brought forward. .... Collegiate School; Wangaratta. — Mr J. J. Tucker's pupils are expected to re-assemhle after the Easter recess, on Wednesday next, April. 3rd. Passion Sermon— At Wangaratta, on Fri day evening, at 8 o'clock, a passion sermon will De preacnea, in oc. jraincK s unurcn. A collection will he made for the benefit of the Wangaratta Hospital. The , Recent Fire at Wangaratta.— We give in our fourth . page a full repprt of the investigation; , so far as: it had as yet gone, into the fire "which destroyed _ Mr. Cavanagh's premises and stock at Wangaratta.' The inquest has been adjourned-: " " ; Beechworth Pp.osPECTiNG'AssocrATiON. — A meeting of the committee, of this 'new enter prise was held at Vivian's Empire' Hotel' Camp-street, last night, there being present. Messrs Hickling (chairman) , Lyon,; Yivian, M. May, and W. Pernberton, junr. The main business was the consideration of offers from IiIt5U WMIIU ILUUttl IttHU I LIU UUlilttU U1 JJlUa- pcctors. The intention was to appoint three, but only twowere actually selected.; Thero were six applications, and that of David Sinclair -was, at oncej unanimously adopted, his character as a thoroughly trustworthy and experienced man, being evidently known to all those present. Mr Heinrieli Hansen was also accepted, Mr Pernberton and others speaking highly in his favor. The third ap pointment was left open. Instructions were given to tho chairman to have legal agree ments drawn up, on terms named, with the several tenderers, whose terms were, or might be, accepted. The hon. sec., Mr A. W, Foster, reported that . the subscriptions were coining in exceedingly well, and there will therefore be funds in hand to start with. Wangaratta Police Court. — At this court on Tuesday (before the Mayor), Johu Nicholas Strasby was charge! with being drunk, and was discharged. Thomas Alfred Moore, who has been repeatedly before the court for being drunk, was fined 5s ; or, in default, twelve hours' imprisonment Rutherglen Borough, Council. At a meeting of this council held on Monday there were present the Mayor and Crs Shenstone, Reeve, Jacobs, Hamilton, and Badewitz. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and the following correspond ence dealt with: — From the Registrar-Gene ral's office, Melbourne, stating that the agricultural and other statistics of the borough should be forwarded on or before the 31st of March. Already forwarded. — From the com mittee of Yested School, No. 522, asking the patronage of the mayor and councillors for an entertainment to be given at the Town Hall on Easter Monday, in aid of the building fund of the said school. Granted. — From Michael Pfannis, stating that in consequence of long and continued illness, he was unable to pay his rates, and requesting the council to remit the same. Cr Badewitz said that Mrs Pfannis <3nvin rr Iiof lincluind'fi lllnPSa WOrkfid Y6fV hard, and was now carting firewood. He would move " That firewood to the amount of the rates due be taken from her." Cr Hamilton, -seconded; the motion, which was carried/— From". Mr C. Peritz, drawing the attention of the council to the promise, of the Attorney-General : to - appoint a county court bailiff for Rutherglen, "which promise had not been fulfilled, and /requesting the council to use their influence' in getting one' appointed. The town clerk was instructed to write to the Crown /Law '-officers and to 'Mr W. Witt, M.L.A., on the _ matter.— It was resolved, on the motiqii' of Cr Hamilton, ,'kThat rat .the next meeting of tb«; council! the; i.uwu cierK furniEh. a list ofTall defaulting . ratepayers." The following accounts -were passed for pay ment :— Geo. .Audley, £1 :8s ;; J.?F. :Smith, £3 5s.' " - V./:;-;;;;:/ . : Inquest at/ the - Beechworth- Gaol.— An inquest was "held by' Mr Alley, P.M-> coroner, yesterday at Her Majesty's. gaol, Beechworth, on the body of Selina Harris. The following jury was empaunelled :— W. Milne, (foreman) J. L. Matheson, \E. - Warden, W. H. Casey, W. Glover, J. Jones, W-Duncan, E. Lawrence, F. Heuss, R. Methven,/E. Borchers, and J. Stevens. The; jury having viewed the body the following evidence was given : — Dr Demp ster deposed to deceased's haying been under his care from tho time "of her being admitted to the gaol. She was suffering from a cancer ous disease and other ailments. She was, when admitted, in an incurable state, and very weak indeed. . She gradually sank and died. Witness saw her a short time before her death. A special attendant was in charge of her; and she was supplied with all the requisite medical comforts and also with a water-bed. All instructions were properly carried out by the gaol authorities. When the sentence of deceased expired some weeks ago, witness gave tne governor 01 the gaol a certifi cate that she was not in a fit state to be removed. , Mr Gale, governor of the gaol, deposed to deceased having (by the records) been admitted to the gaol on October. 20th, 1R71 .nnAr n aoritn-nsm nf 4-1-ivnn imprisonment, with hard labor, from Yiolet Town, (warrant , produced).-. Her sentence expired on January 17th, 1872, wheiilt' "was found that she was iif too ill health to allow, of her being discharged,- and she .had since been detained on the medical officer's certificate. She died at 5-30 p.m. on the 26th inst. Ap plication had been made for her admission to both the Benevolent Asylum and Hospital, hut /without success. A verdict equivalent to death from natural causes was returned by the jury. Entertainment at the Junction School, (No. 692), urrer Yackandandah. — This long talked of entertainment, came off as an nounced, in the school-room last Friday afternoon and evening, and 'was. in every way a most successful affair, both, in a pecuniary as well as from an enjoyable point, of view. The company ' assembled consisted in addi tion to those in the immediate neighbor hood, of numerous visitors of all ages from Stanley, Twist's Greek, Hurdle Flat, &c.; In the afternoon in spite of-the ominous look T)f the weather, which threatened rain, a goodly number of Children— in fact quite a small army — assembled on the play ground enjoying themselves in such games as " kiss in the ring," "catch who .can," &c.; The Stanley Fife and - Drum Band under tha leadership of Mr Hollister, having - kindly given their aid, played- at" intervals through the afternoon. About five o'clock tea and buns were served to the youngsters, together with apples, grapes, &c.;, in abundance. After the little ones had been well seen to, and had resumed their games, the.grown up portion of the company partook of an excellent lea in the school-room, two long! tables, or rather series of tables, being loaded with rnimy of the good things of this life. Universal praise was given for the way the tables were laid out, they being tuider the superintendence, of Mrs Refsaughe', assisted by Mesdames Moglia and Rojo. The room being cleared the fun began, (music by the Messrs Hollister). Mr B. Eagleton first exhibited his magic lantern comicalities which made the young as well as old scream with delight. This part of the business being disposed of dancing and . singing then commenced alternately,. Mr H. Hollister leading off in the- vocal line, by giving with great taste " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep." He was followed by Mr H. Wiseman, who gave a very good song very well. Then Mr E. Downs, of Hurdle Flat, favored the company by reciting excellently well, Hood's " Bridge of Sighs." Mr Frank Hollister then san "Paddy's Letther," with- the true Irish brogue. Mr W. G. Alexander then gave Sims Reeves's celebrated song, " My Guidin< Star." Mr Wiseman again sang : this time he wave " The Heart that's True" splendidly. After him, two or three local stars of small magni tude appeared on the stage, flashed, and vanished. After this, Mr Frank 'Hollister gave " Susan Jane ;" and being encored, he r#»Knr»rirlfif! hv "intmf?nr»inrr ti "RrinnWAiV v'.n i» to the audience. Mr Eagleton then sum moned the " Three Ghosts," and told in son" what the three had been up to, the' pranks they had played, &c.; The shadows took more "quietly what he had to say than the a'fidieuco as the continual laughter testified. Mr Eagleton informed us that the "Ten Little Niggers" were in rather a dilapidated state, bavin" worn out their Sunday clothes, therefore they begged to be excused from appearing. The gem of the evening was the appearanco on the stage of a well-known individual armod with a pick handle who sang, (the man not the handle) with tremendous emphasis and force of lungs, "There's a cabin that's built near the City of Cork," at the samo time flourishing the twig in his hand. I am sorry to say the gentleman was not encored. To enumerate all. the different songs &c; would occupy too much space in your paper and become tedious to the reader ; sufficient to say, all who took part did their best to make the affair a success, as the sum taken shows (some £16). Refreshments were served round about'twelve o'clock, after which the Fife and Drum Band took their departure for Stanley, but previous fo starting three cheers were' proposed by the chairman (Mr G. S. Chappell) and heartily responded to. The superinten dent, by proxy, returned thanks to the inha bitants of the Junction for the welcome with which the band had been received, and in return the band gave three cheers for the school and people of the Junction. During the evening the boys played some very nice pieces of music, which were very much ap preciated by the company present. In con clusion, all I have to say is, that old Sol's face shone very brightly indeed before the company broke up, well satisfied with the evening's, or rather the night's, entertain ment. It is the intention of the committee to give another amusoment as soon as the new- school building is up, that above described being in aid of the funds to erect it. Mr R. Edwards acted asM.C. in the dancinu denn.rt. ment.- — Communicated. | Life Assurance Lecture at Wangaratta. — Mr R.D. Bannister, travelling agent and lecturer to the Australian Mutual Provident Society, and also well known as a leading and able advocate of Total Abstinence, is to deliver a lecture this (Tfiursday) evening, March 28th, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Wan garatta, on " Good Old Times and Modern Progress." Dr Hallett, the Mayor, will pre side, and the admission will be free. The subject to be handled is of such inestimable moment to the happiness of families and society that there should be a large attendance. It may be mentioned, as interesting to our Beechworth readers, that on a previous visit to this district four years ago, Mr Bannister opened the Albion Tent, No. 70, 1.O.R. Ovens Amalgamated Claims. — A meeting of the shareholders in this company was held at the Albion Hotel, Great Bcurke-street, _ _ 1 a Ann "IV I r l-l T Melbourne, on «. Smith occupied the chair. Fourteen out of the 24 proprietors were present. Mr John Alston "Wallace made a statement as to the extent and condition of the company's pro perty, from which it appeared that it con sisted of six claims in the Omeo district, all within a short distance from the township of Bright. The claims consisted of the follow- : The Erindale claim, 71 acres in extent. The machinery consisted of a battery of 12 head of stamps, driven by a waterwheel capable of driving 36 head' of stampers, with plenty of water -to\'lMt\;>:.ajunmer:'-; The PfiftRocly olaim, 36 acres .'in extent, a 96-Uorse power engine, and a .battery!-of-.12 head of stampers. There were 10 reefs in tliis claim, the stone from those worked having ranged from 2oz to 12oz., The Shamrock claim, 23 acres in extent. ' Plant, a 10-horse power pumping engine and 25-liorse power engine, with a battery of 12 head of stamps. The reef, which was 12ft wide in this claim, ranged from 12dwt to.Soz per ton. The' Prince Arthur or Mead's claim was 31 aeres in extent, and possessed a 25-horse power engine with 10 head of stampers. There are four different reefs in this claim, which have yielded from 6dwt to 5oz. The Pioneer is a tunnel claim of 1000 yards by 320 yards. The machinery consists of a 12-stamp battery, driven by a waterwheel capable of driving 60 head of stamps. The race is 12 miles in extent. The reef in this claim is very wide, and averaged 18dwt per ton. The sixth claim is tho Myrtleford, the machinery on which consists of a 25-horse power engine and 10 head of stamps. There is also a pumping engine of 14-horse power; 2000 tons of quartz from this claim yielded 1500oz of gold. It was resolved that a working committee — consisting of Messrs Weddell, Wallace, H. J: Smith, T. Smith, Brigham, Bowman, . Watson, and Sutherland — should be appointed for tho purpose of deciding bow the company's pro . perty should he placed upon. the market. . United" Ovens Gold and Tin' Mining Company. — The fortnightly return from this claim on Tuesday was 169/oz 5 dwt lSgrs of gold, with 4 tons .18 cwt of : tin ore; There were also 8 cwt of sand, and 12 oz 10 dwt of gold from, the battery" We notice that the half-yearly -meeting of this company is to be held at Scott's Hotel;: Collins-street West, Melbourne, on Friday; April 12th. 