T WENT Y- FIFTH A NNI VERSA R Y OF BISHOP PERRY'S EPISCOPATE. Tho abovo event was duly celebrated on Saturday last. At eleven o'clock speoial thanBkgiving services were held in St. James's Cathodral, when his Lordship (Bishop Perry) was accompanied to the commu nion table by the Dean, the Rev. Archdeacon stretch, and abont a dozen other prominent clergy of the Church of England from various parts of the colony. Special prayers woro offered, and the sermon w»3 preauhed by Archdeacon Stretch, who chose for hia text the sixth vorso of tho 1st chapter ot St. Paul's Epistle to the Philippisns: "Being confident of this very thing, that ho who hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." Referring to the early history of tho church in this colony, the preacher said that when Bishop Perry landed here ho had not to contend with the blind or bigoted Israelite, nor jet with tho idolator. Hu found bore a Christian material to work upon— a people who had been brought up in a Christian land ; and as he came supplied with tho rules and precedents of the oburch at homo, there were many things whioh should bo considered favorable to him. But there woro otlier thiugs that wore very much against him. The loose morality of the people, occasioned through a want of proper restraint, and the abseoae of laborers from the harvest field, wore amongst tho early difficulties the Bishop had to combat. Again, the congregations formed. o-.v:n« to the migratory charaoter of tho po pulations, wore few and far between. But yot thoy had lived to see out of that light material a nourishing ohuroh of Christ or ganised by the Bishop of Melbourne. Tho good work had boen began, and ho believed it would go on and prosper. It was allowed thorn to anticipate, and if there was one vision whioh passed moro frequently than another before his mind's eye is was this : that tiiey would havo a united Church of Australia springing up from the loins of tho existing organisation, and that such united church would be an episcopal church ; the episcopal system, in his opiuion, being tho most practioai and scrip tural form of church government. The speaker then roferrcd to the proposal to create a new soe at Ballarat, and asked tho congregation, in the collcotion whioh wsh about to bo made in furtherance of that object, to contribute liberally, and by so doiug manifest their attachment to that religious system of whioh their good Bishop had been for twenty-five years so noble a representative. At the close of the sermon the collection was made, and the benediotion was pronounced by the Bishop. At a quarter- past two a large number of ladios aud gentlemen, the latter including the clergy of all denominations, met at the oouncil ohamber in the Town Hail to pre sent the various addresses to the Bishop. Among the laity preseut were his Honor Sir W. F. Stawoll, Chief Justice ; his Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth, tho hon. J. Graham, M.L.O., Mr. IS. P. S. Start, P.M., Mr. Haroourt, Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.'A., Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon (town clerk), Mr. D. S. Campbell, Mr. A Woolley, Mr. Honty, Mr. Willuu,' son., Mr. J. Mooro, Mr. Hull, J.P., Mr. F. 11. Godfry, Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, Mr. E. Wilson, Mr. A. Wyatt, Mr. Macradlo, Mr. Balfour, and others. Sir William F. Stawull first presented the address from tho laity of the Church of England, whioh was noatly got up, and bound in tbo form of a book. The address has already been published in oar columus. HiB LonnsHii' roplieil as follows : My Dear Friends, — Tho as.mranco of the ro- spoct and estooui of so many of my lay brotbron, convoyed to me in tho address which you havo just presonted, greatly gratifies mo ; aud I very cordially thank you for it. While recognising tho prosperity and incroaso which God has graciously vouchsafed to tho church during tho twonty-tive years of my epis copate, I cannot tako to mysolf credit for more than au honest desire, as a faithful servant of Christ, lo do my duty in that atato of life unto which it lias pleased Him to call mo. That which, iurellocliug upon the past quarter ofacon- tury, strikes memost forcibly is the wonderful good ness of God in so often preserving both myself ami also tho churcnof which lie has made mo tlio bishop from tho injurious consequences of my own faults. Not to uio, therefore, but to Him aione be tlio nraise for all the good which He has accomplished for us. Among the virtues for which, in your great kindness, you havo bestowod upon me very uuduo commendation is " ungrudging solf-saeriiico." This 1 honestly feel that I|in no wise deserve ; for. except in obeyiug the Cali of God to leave my native laud, and separate myself from my be loved relatives and friends there, I have not had any special occasion for the exercise of this graco. in this laud to which God brought mo Ho has givon mo all things richly to enjoy. Undisturbed domestic happiness, good health, a sufficiency of worldly wealth, many loving private friends, a number of valuable fellow-laborers, belli of the olergv and laity, aud much encouragement iu tlio fullilinent of my' ministry — ibeso blessings h.ivc all neon mine. To bave to contend with uillic.til- tics, to endure anxiety, and lo suffer disappoint. mcnt, is no more than tho common lot of all nicn in this present life, and is a part of that spiritual discipline whereby tho children cf God aro trained for their bcaTcnly inheritance in the lifo to come. In comparison with those of many of my brethren, both hero and elsewhere, my trials of faith and pationco have been few and small. That I was, in tho proridonce of God, per mitted, with the assistance of esmo of younolves and others, to originate what you justly call our present "admirable system of representative .government" for tho church in this land has always been to mo au occasion of special thank fulness. By means of this system both the parochhd clergy and the laity havo acquired their rightful share m the management of ecclesiastical affairs ; and our church has bccorao a well- ordered commonwealth, iu which all itsmembcrs occupy their propor position, and co-operalo with one another for the duo increase and wqll- boing of tho wbolo body. To the benefits which have resulted from Iho constitution of our as sembly I can bear a joyful testimony. , Many and great an I expected thorn to bo, thoy have moro than confirmed my expectations. You have referred to the establishment of a second bishopric in Victoria. Such an incrcaso in tho cpiscojiato is indeed urgoutly needed, not so much for the nako of tho bishop as of tho church. In consequenca of tho nunibor of towns and vil lages which havo sprung up throughout tho country, and tho rapid settlement of tho people ou tho laud, it has bocomo impossible for a single bishop to visit all tho parishes and parochial dis tricts so frequently as is desirable. Neither can ho (I speak for myself), oven with tho valnab!o aid of tho several archdeacons, _ call forth into operation all tho various ugsnoios which aro re quired for procuring and maintaining an adequate staff of clergy. Moreover, tlio ahscnco of the Bishop from Mdhourno during tho largo portion ef tho year spontin visitation journeys i attended with much inconvonionco. Matters which ought lo recoivo immediato attoution havo often lo bo long postponed, and opportunities of usofuluc.33, not being at onco seized, are sometimes lost for over. Tho expression of your feeling on tho sub ject will. I doubt not, greatly strengthen tho hands of those who are now ondeavoring lo raise a fund sufficient for tho endowment of n now soe, and promote tho speedy success of their undor- 'hif proposal to commemorate -this day by founding a scholarship at Triuity College, and calling it by my namo, is peculiarly gratifying to me ; and I cannot but rogard it as an instance of God's providential goodness tbRt a portion of a collegiate building which I havo so graatly desired -to 600 erected , hut which has been so long delayed, should have been just now completed, and thus tho thought of a scholarship in connection with it suggested to your minds. You have asked mo to convoy to Mrs. Perry the expression of your high respect and rogard ; and I beg to thank you on hor behalf and on my own for tbo compliment which you havo thus paid her. Slio would tell you tliat3he hasdouo no more than hor duty, aud that iu travorsiug, as she has done, this country almost throughout its whole length and breadth slio has invariably received tbo greatest hospitality and courtosy from all classes of its people. In referring, how ever, to this part of your address, I should not do justice to my own feelinge if i did not add that, besides hor other special avocations, slio has, by hor constant presonco and ovor-roady holp, both rolioved my long journeys of their weariness, and mado my most toilsomo labors light. It gives mo, therefore, much ploasuro that you havo thus expressed your appreciation of hor character and conduct as your Bishop's wife. It remains for mo to thank you, in Mrs. 1'orry'n namo and my own, for tho assuranco of your good wishos and prayers on our behalf. To know thai wo aro continually remembered by you boforo God will greatly encourage us iu both doing and suf- foring whatever Ho shall appoint for us ; and I earnestly beseech yon lo continue to ask of Him that Ho will onablo us to glorify Him during our life on earth, aud will keep us by His almighty power through faith unto salvation. I would express also my prayer for you, ray boloved brethren, that all of you may in your respective stations show forth the praise of your heavouly Father by your godliness aud righteousness of lifo, your faithful uso of all the talents which you have received from Him iu His service, your active interest in tho prosperity aud extension of tho church, your love for your ministers, and your mutual goodwill ono towards another. So shall you enjoy the aEsurauco of tho divitio pre sence and blessing, and an entrance shall bo ministered unto you abundantly into the over- lasting kingdom of our Lord arid Saviour Jesus Christ. I am, my dear friends, your affectionate servant in Ohrist, G. Melbourne. Tho Rev. Dr. Cairns presented tho next address, from tho ministers and laity of tbo Nonconformist bodies (wnich has also been previously published iu The Aye), and in doing so spoke a few words of the confidence felt in his lordship by tho various branches of the Evangolieal churches of tho colony, as would be seen by the- signatures to the address, whioh had boen obtained in Gee long, Ballarat, Castlemaiue, and Sandhurst, showing that on every baud advantage had boon taken by the Bishop's many frionds to aifix their names to the address of attach ment whioh ho was doputed to present to bun. (Applause. )-- The Bishop replied as follows : — My dear friends and brethren in Christ,— I very highly appreciate and heartily thank you for your kind oxjiressionof respect and conlidsn co toward mo ou this the twenty-fifth anniversary of my conse cration. Wliilo I uaro not claim to havo exhibited tho virtues whioh you hn7o ascribed to me, I am sure that you havo not consciously used "flatter ing words," but have, as you say, spoken in "simplicity and Godly sincerity." I therefore desiro to receive yonr commoudation as atoken of the undeserved goodness of my Divino Master, who has given mo this encouragement, that I may endoavor hereafter, as I trust I have (notwith standing manifold infirmitios) oudeavorcd hither to, by His graco, to walk uprightly before all men. It affordB mo special gratification that you, my brethren of other churches, havo so cordially united with the clorgy and members of ray own church, ill this declaration of your kindly foolings. For not only is it my earnest desiro that tho differences existing among us in matters of boliof and ecclesiastical discipline should not pre vent us from maintaining tho unity of tho spirit iu the bond of peace ; but further, it is my opi nion, an opinion whioh I liavo never hesitated to avow, and wnich has boen strengthened with ray advancing years, that these differences do not jus tify our separation from ouo auother ; but that, as wo aro all (if wo be truobelievors in Chrisl)now uniloil iu His ono holy Catholic Church, so ought xv o to bo united in ono outward communion. This outward union, I confidently trust, will, according to our Lord's prayer, ho in God's own time ac complished ; and in tho meanwhile I regard it as both a duty and a privilege lo assist to tho utmost of ray powor " in binding together iu lovo aud prayer and effort all who, by whatovor namo thoy may ho called, aro ono in Christ Jesu3." (Ap plause.) The Rev, Donn Macartney presonted the adilresa from tlio clergy, which was iu the following words : — To tho Right Revorond Father in God, Charles, by divine permission Lord Bishop of Melbourne, from the priests aud deacons of his rliocesn. Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from tho Lord Jesus Christ, our Saviour. Wo rojoico that wo havo met together on this anniversary of your lordship's consecration, sumo of us in porson, others in spirit, in tho house of prayor, aud especially at the tablo of our blessed Lord, to cemoat in that act of holy communion our fellowship with you and with eaob olhor in Christ our Head, and to givo thanks to God, as well for all other His mercies towards this church, as also for his groat goodness in sparing you for a quarter of a century to bo our chiof pastor. In looking back upon the history of the church during the past twenty-five years, wo oau- not but bo conscious that tho peculiar difficulties and respousibilitios of the episcopal offico iu these trying times, and in a new country where tho conditions of church life nro so different form those of our fatherland, wero rendered especially difficult by the wonderful development ol wealth and increase of population which Victoria lias experienced duriug your tenure of tho seo. Among a pooplo _ singularly independent in thought, restless in notion, and impatient of restraint, who had broken away from homo tic3 aud homo associations, it was your work to stand upon tho old paths, in tho new world to roar up tho fabric of tho ancient timo- honored church of tho old country, to gather together tho smouldering ouiburs of affectionate romemln-nucu of the Church of oar fathers, to fan thorn into a llame of steady and earnest devo tion, that tho clear light of tho ordinances of Christ, as they had Leon handed down to u3, might illuminate tho institutions of our adopted country. In a n6w part of God's husbandry, with hut little Slato help, xvitli no other advan tages than nro of her own spiritual right, her litargy, articles, and sacraments, it was your part so to labor that tho Church of England might tako root downward in tho affections of ike jieoplo, and hear fruit upwaixl iu their golly, righteous, and sober lives, aud be in all essentials of doctrine, riiuel, aud praciico a t'-uo scion ot tho gac I old stock. Thai such "a branch of our church has been planted— tbat it is ablo in auv degree to meet the spiritual wants of this iapidly-iitor-'-..-,iug people — tbat it has powers of self-government and of self-development, and of adaptation to now cir cumstances— that there is so much of uoion aud concord among our clergy— tbat the rights of the laity havo been fully recognised, and thoir loyalty to tbo faith of thoir fathers cherished and quickened— that wo aro agreed that schools for all classes should bo seminaries, not only of sound learning, but also of ro'igious education — that wo have, in the establishment of a college, been enabled to apply tbis principle to cur University —that our duly, to tho sparsoly-p-opulaied dis tricts has beeu recoguised — that missionary efforts havo not heon wauling on bubuU of tho heathen of this southern homisphore— that thoso things have boon effected is, under tho good and gracious providenco of our God working in and watching over your efforts, mainly because to wards thoso ends your lordship has devoted with singleuess of mind and earncstuers of purpose, eanctilied hy diligent prayer, those pawere cf mind and gifts of ruling wherewith God has emi nently endowed you ; and because you havo not spared your strength in making yourself ac quainted xvitli tho wants of all parts of your largo diocese ; aud in no small degree also Be cause you havo Loon willing to trust tho consti tutional exerciso of thoir powers by tho clergy and peoplo iu thoro matters wherein you had readily surrendered lo them what had becu reckoned among tho prerogatives of ihoopiscopal offico. At thosams timo wo gladly bear our testimony that your personal kindness to us, your disinterested ness and solf-sacrifico, your love of justice, the knowlodgo of your unwearied and conscientious diligence, have stimulated onrzeal, rebuked our weariness, strengthened our patienco, and helped us to labor in our measure, according lo our powur and our conscientious convictions, for tbo perfect ing, in our sphere, of tlio saino work in which wo havo you for our example. hor tueso things wo give thanks to God, who hath graciously heard tha prayers that wcro offered ou your behalf as on this day in West minster Abbey, and hath onducd you with the "spirit, not of fear but of lovo and of power, and of asouud mind." And wo earnestly desiro that your lordship may livo to aeo an extension of tho episcopate in tho colony, fooling as wo do that our organisation will ho incomplete until tho seo of Molbourne occupies a metropolitan position in a sub-divided province. Finally in tho languago of the collect of this day's festival, wo pray that Almighty God will continue to help your lordsuip, and us under you, " diligontly to preach His holy word, 'and the pooplo obedionlty to follow the same, that wo all may obtain tho crown of everlasting glory," for tho only merit's sake of our Saviour, Jesus Christ. Wo bog to subscribo onrsolvos, in all dutiful affeotion, your lordship's faithful servants. Melbourne, St. Poier's Day, 1872. (Signed by 120 clergymen). His Lordship replied as follows : — Beloved brolhcrn in tho ministry of the Gospel. —Before replying to tho affectionate address which you have just presonted to mo, I would join with you in tho expression of thankfulness and joy, that on this tho 25th anniversary of my consecration, wo havo boon permitted, by par taking together of tho holy sacrament of tho Lord's Suppor to seal our union with Christ as our divino head, and our communion with one another as fellow members of big spiritual body ; nnd I would add my earnest prayor that this our fellowship in Him may ho increasingly manifested by our mutual sympathy and brotherly loved, so that whether ono membor suffer all tho momborn may suffer with it, or one membor be honored ail tho members may rojoico with it. For the high commendation which you havo bestowed upon mo— sinco I do not donbt that it convoys the sincere expression of your feelings — I very heartily thank you ; hut tho listening to it, by tho recollection which it brings to my mind of manifold orrura and detects, tends to hurablo rathor than elate mo. As the first Bishop of Melbourne, my offico, under tho peculiar circumstances of the country during tho last twenty years, has certainly been, as you intimate, ono of grave responsibilities and great dilRcultios ; but white I would not pretend to say that I havo not at times folt severely tho burden of them, tho Lord's providential goodness, showu in many ways, and especially in tlio raising tip of iaiiliful fricud3 nnd valuable follow- laborors, both of the clergy and laity, has con stantly supported me undor thom ; yoa, aud given inc cause to thank Him for them. With reference to tho planting of our church in this land, theprovison (still sadly inadequate) mado by it for tho spiritual wants of our people, tbeadaptaiion of it hy means of our present ec clesiastical constitution to its new position, and tho sovoral other matters of gratulation which you enumerate, and of which it would ho both untruthful and unthankful in mo to profess an unconsciousness or insensibility, I would observe that tlio hunran agency which God has employed for accomplishing hom all lias not been tho ability, pioty, and diligence of myself, or any other single individual, but the combined zeai and wisdom and self-denying oxertions iu their several positions of all his faithful servants. Howover earnestly I might havo labored to fulfil my duties, I could have effected nothing without tho continued counsel and co-operation of those brethren whom the Lord has from timo to timo associated wiili me in my work. Your personal testimony to the uprightness of my conduct toward yourselves is ospeoially grati fying to mo ; for tho relation in which a bishop stands to the clorgy of his diocsso, as it affords him constant opportunities of exerting ou iliem a beneficial influence, so also imposes upon him tlid obligation of using thoso opportunities to the best advantage— and heroin lies ono of his chiof difiicultios. If! at all know mysolf, I do possess that "love of justice" which you ascribe to me, and I can honestly affirm that I have not con sciously dono injustice to any clerical brother ; but I cannot speak with the samo confidence of having always shown towards you that sympathy in your trials and that consideration and tenderness under your difficulties which you woro outitlod tooxpect froin mo. If, therefore, I havo at any time pained any of you by impationco or apparent unkimlness, I would now bog your forgiveness ; and I would ask you to pray for mo that I may honcotorth nover fail to exhibit tho gentleness and pationco which bocomo a ministor of Jesus Christ. I heartily join with you in tho dosire that I may livo to seo an extension of tho episcopate in tho colony. It is my earnest wish that I may seo founded, not only a bishopric of Ballarat, but ono of Sandhurst also, and both hold by mon of God, f ull-of tho Holy Ghost and of powor. If this wero granted to mo, aud I were permitted further to see Trinity College completed and filled with students, then I should bo able to say with him of old, " Lord, uowlcttcst thou thy servant depart in peaco." Thocollect for this day's festival to which you refer is peculiarly suitable for our continual use, and I would fervently unito with you in iho prayer that both you aud I, aud thoso who shall succeed us in tho sacred offieo of tho ministry, may diligently proacli God's holy word, and that tho peoplo may obediently follow the samo, so that- wo all inay receive tbo crown of everlasting glory which tho Lord shall givo to thom that love bis appearing. Graco, mercy, and peace Iw multipliod unto you through tho knowlodgo of God and of Jesus our Lord. Your affootionato friend and bvol-Uor. C. Melbourne, Tha proceedings tnon terminated. 