SUMMARY OP NEWS. The Ofago Provincial Council has voted' £12,000 for immigration purposes, and the following bonuses for new industries :-£1,600 for a paper manufactory, £300 for bottle works, and £1,000 for a sack and woolpack factory. The success of the new harbor works at Bel fast, "Victoria," lias caused great excitement in business circles there. . A recent telegram from that town says It is rumoured that the effect on one business man has been of such a peculiar nature that his friends have hold a con sultation as to the necessity of a journey to Ararat to restore him to his former condition !" _ The decision at the Supreme Court on Tuesday^ in. the case of Siekmann and Moule v. Pridinore - is, says the ^^crtisar^ of importance todealersr in wheat. There was an agreement between the parties by which tho defendant engaged to deliver , an' average .sample ; and the point in - dispute was-.whether this meant an. average sample' of good""wheat, - or an average sample - according to .the quality - of the year's yield. The defendant took the latter view, and offered wheat which the plaintiff'refused to take, but took'proceedings instead. Evidence of persons engaged in the> corn trade was given, and the' Judge and-Jury were quite agreed as to the received meaning of " average sample,"- and a -verdict by consent was returned for the plaintiff. A Sydney paper remarks It is said" front two to five' millions. of sheep in Victoria-are _either diseased or suspected to be diseasec^~and consequently great losses are incurred by flock- - owners, and that the Colonial Secretary of Victoria; had communicated with Mr. John. Robertson (late Colonial Secretary of New South Wales), and on his recommendation negotiations had been opened with Mr. John Pottie, veteri nary surgeon, of Sydney, to provide professional men and the necessary medicine for the treat ment of all the sheep 'suffering from all forms of, disease at so much per head. An address is to be presented to the .Bishop of Melbourne on the completion of the 25th year-' of his Episcopate. Contributions are also being, raised to found a Scholarship, to be called by his name. A movement is also on foot through-' out the South Australian diocese to present' Bishop Short with a pastoral staff on his attaint ing the 25th "year of his Episcopate, which will \- occur shortly. _ Mr. John Davis, of thejHobart Town Mcrc/wryr died on June 11, suddenly, of serous apoplexy. The Kapunda Herald is informed that at about 7.10 p.m. on Saturday (June 8) a distincfe shock of-earthquake was felt at Allendale. The whole house and outbuilding shook audibly. The sound was a heavy rumbling, passing from north-west to north-east. The shock lasted about half a minute. The horses in the out- buildings were so frightened that they dashed out of the shed in a state of great alarm. Our Government have produced their Bill to ; amend- the -laws "relating to the prevention of diseases in sheep and cattle. That portion of it' which is of most interest at the present time is the division respecting the inspection of Imported cattle. It gives power to the Executive to pro claim quarantine grounds at any port or ports in the province; provides no imported Btock, nor any fittings : on board of any vessel importing; such stock, shall be landed until after examina-1' tion by an inspector and the.issue of a licence by him; that no fodder -used for cattle on board ship shall under any circumstances be landed^ It requires the masters of vessels who bring stock to the polony to make a declaration similar to that required by^he'New South Wales Act. Clean jstOck arriving herei are to be sent to the ^arantine station, ? where they will remain at the expense of the owners until they are declared quite freerfirom disease., The Bill gives power rto;the Executive, by proclamation, to : prohibit -the importation of stock altogether for. a specified time from any-country - where disease is known . or suspected-to (BXi8t.--;--Jhe-pemaltiealorinfiring. ing the Act with reference to the landing of stock are very sevcre-the same as those in the New South Wales' Act^-impiisonment for not more than six months, or a fine of not more' than. £200. for each offence.- .-The'provisions of thirt part of the Bill are almost identical,with those - of the New South'Wales Act. .* ." "v-';- f <. From the Port Darwin correspondence of the S. A. Eegister,yt& learn' that, thefirst marriage ? in_the Northern.Territory took place on" the' Prince of Wales's birthday, between Mr. W. .Cook,; one of - the (Government: staff, * and Miss-' .Annie Greer, the latter, of,whom .came out here with-Mrs.. Douglas,. They, were'.' escorted to church "by the .Government Resident and a portion of his family, arid afiet.the tying of .the' nuptial knot by. Dr. Milner, the happy couple retired to the domicile of a neighboriiig friend." For the information of single females coming, here, >it would perhaps be a3 well to state that jewellery establishments are as yet unknown, and some little difficulty was experienced in the above case - in procuring tho indispensable wedding-ring. The JBallarat Post says A Mr. TJren a miner of the Independent Company, Buninyong, well known in and around Ballarat, has, by the death of a brother in America, become possessed of property to the value of £20,000. Mr. Uren will take the earliest opportunity of making his departure for. the United States. Mr. Francis, the new Victorian Chief Secretary, in his address to the electors, states that the Customs Duties Act of last Session will be left to its operation, and he ' will administer it -in conformity with its policy. The bill for mining on private- property to be introduced will, recognise the necessity of the opening up of the alienated auriferous lands on equitable terms to both; parties. One hundred and fifty miles fof railway will'bie promptly proceeded with/ recog nising-the claims of Gipps Land, the. Western, and other country "distnets. Possibly, it may be proposed to raise moiiey on loan, in anticipa tion of the accumulated construction fund. The' water works will be pushed on with all: speed, and a measure introduced to transfer them to' the local bodies. A bill will be introduced ;.to; provide compulsory. education and primacy secular instruction, without, payment .of fees- in all schools subsidised by "the State and entirely, jurisectarian. A&. amended Electoral 'Bill is promised. Also a bill to bring the two Chambers into more harmonious relations. The Land . Act is to be amended by extending the area of selection to 640 acres, also to modify the conditions of "personal residence. : Bills for the regulations of mines, for impounding, fencing, &c.;, are also to be brought in. Mr. FranciB expects'that a few; days will complete the Border Customs arrangements. . On Sunday last an inquest, was: held at . Warrnambool on the body of John Williams, a plasterer, who met., with his death by being smothered while in a state of intoxication. The unfortunate deceased', had been in the habit of retiring to the hay-loft of the Tattersall's hotel stables on different occasions to sleep off the .effects ofdrink, v The landkjird had frequently;; cautioned de^Med; a^aiMt' fleeing in theloft, - but the advice was disregarded. Y A woman named Elizabeth* Brownlces died at Hamilton on the 4th* June inst., of congestion'of the brain, from alcoholic poisoning." .-According-to .tfio Advertiser -the frost has been very severe in the hills in the early part of this week, ice from three quarters of an inch to an inch in thickness-having been seen in different places. The Warrnambool Steeplechase Meeting has been very successful. Prior won the principal steeplechase, Marquis of Lome second, and Druid third. .Prior took the lead at starting and kept it all the way, winning easily. - "' It is stated that the Melbourne Theatre Wbjil, is to be rebuilt by a cpmbination of manafois, ? and that Mr. Harwood will proceed to England; to secure fresh "talent!'' A deputation of Adelaide merchants urging" the importance of the river trade arid a satisfac-" tory adjustment of the Border duties had an" intem6w ~ with the Treasurer.last Fridajr. The Minister promised to- use his best exertions in the matter. / , . . ' . 'V Mr. Parkes, tho Sydney Premier, has said that his Government wero prepared to accept . the Border Customs arrangement offered by' Victoria. ' - The . Government" of New South Wales has stepped the importation of cattle from Victoria pending the suppression of the foot-and:mo'uth;; disease. - : .. v The steamer Pelican ran down a ship's boat in Sydney harbour lost Friday, night) undone., man was drowned. . The purchase of .the Fitzroy iron mines in' New South Wales is likely to be completed by an English company if tho Government agree . to reduce tho rate for carrying the metal from the mine. . The Adelaide Cricketing Association are im proving their ground in the hopes of a visit from the English cricketers. . At Newcastle,' New Scmlli -Wales, a monster colliers' meeting has resolved ^to demand fid. per ton advance,, beginning with the Lambton mine, arid if ft is not paid, they intend giving their employers notice on the 24th. Two of the Ballarat prison breakers have been captured, namely Marshall and Plunkett.. The other four are being closely followed up by the police, and it is not anticipated tliey w ill be able to elude the pursuit. It is announced that £805 have already been received --by the Melbourne Treasurer for the Persian Belief Fund. It is. to. be sent away, by the outgoing mail. _ ' The estate of the late Mr. John Mofratt has ieen assessed as liable to probate duty to the extent of £10,700, the balance of the estate remaining with the executors after payment of all liabilities being about £200,000. The Victorian Mint was opened on Thursday last, aud three largo parcels of gold were re ceived from. two: or the-banks--the Union and the Oriental.. The total quantity, all bullion, was 23,671oz., -worth .about. £95,000. 'In the regulations gazetted on - Wednesday, it was not stated how parcels of gold were to be-paid for. It is understood that 'the Mint will issue its sovereigns,.'in' exchange: for uncoined gold, through some bank.-Argus. The Western Tithes of Portland ceased with its issue ofvJune 13. In «. leader the editor .says thpliriji "consequence of the opposition of most of theftle&ding; residents of Portland to the fearless Outspokenness of his. paper in the cause (jf-ja^ft, , the property .did not pay. He intends to*k(<ep up the jobbing department of his establishment, and craves permission to be allowed to live in Portland; for he says a com pulsory departure from that town would be as severe a trial to him as a final forwd separation ' from the lady of his love would be to a lover. A singular' freak of - nature, in .' the shape of .on animal -with no less than-seven heads, nine tails, and eleven ? legs, ;and-covered with wool, resembling the hair of a goat, has been recently lambed by one-of the ewes on. the Ttuiko" run, in Wagga Wagga district.. A Maori giant and giantess are reported to " exist in the Ohinemuri district, their heights being 6 ft. 10 in. and 6 ft. 8 in. respectively. They are brother and sister. ' A girl named Bhoda Earl, aged Seventeen, has been burnt to_ death in her "bedroom at ? Drotmote; station," near Seymour. She had J been reading in bed, and it is supposed that she had fallen asleep, and the candle had set fire to the bedclothes or the room. Some facetious rogue,, (says the Argils) before daylight';on.Wednesday moming, got into the booking-office, of the North" Melbourne railway station, and, after taking about a pound's worth ' of silver, drew upon the blotting-pad the figure of a man. in the' act of running. Over the. drawing lie 'wrote,' "Ton won't nail me." He had evidently' been very deliberate, having first written ." us," which he had scratched out, substituting "me;"- Apparently a futile attempt had been made to open the safe. An entry was gained by the window-latch being forced back. The survey of the boundaries of the trans Australian railway grants is estimated to cost £200,000. The Government say that the pro moters will have to survey if the scheme is adopted. The Government do not bind theni sdves not to sell the land before the railway is undertaken. . Taming crocodiles seems to be a favourite sport in some parts of Queensland; The Mackay Mercury describes three, each about 16in. long. These interesting-creatures are the property of Mr. EL. H.- Wills, and were found on the river banki near Pleystowe plantation, having just escaped fromthe eggs,: Tiatched on a mound of earth" or mud,, somewhat resembling the nest of a bush turkey. Nine of them were found run ning about on the nest, but from mistaken kind ness in the shape 'of over-feeding, six of the number have' since died. The remaining three are now about a' month old, are very lively, and are well-looked after by the owner, who feeds them with small pieces of raw beef, thrust down their throats with a piece of stick. They appear to be very tame,?» and allow themselves to be freely handled. ' The JTobazt ToimCMercury reports the suicide of a gentleman 'named John Richard Tindale, .who committed: suicide by shooting himself through the: head with a pistol. . Deceased resided at,'OlydeviUe-villa, New Town, and has beenfor many years engaged in pastoral pursuits in New"'St>uth'" Wales. He came to Tasmania some eighteen months ago for the benefit of his health, and has since that -time resided at New Town.v He; had for some time past been in a . feeble state of health, and this circumstance may, it is supposed, have had something to do with inducing deceased to commit the rash act. He leavesa wife antl large family. The sad event caused considerable excitement at New Town. An inquest was held on the body, when the jury found that the deceased committed suicide while temporarily insane. - / . . ' ' '' According to statistics obtained by the Milk Journal,'the appalling fact has been made public'that, up to the end of March last, 1,163 samples of milk have teen analysed from various dairymen in London, and that only 22 honest dairymen have yet been discovered in the whole metropolis.. A double murder wa3 committed on the Barcoo by the blacks on the 24th May. The particulars only rearched- town on Thursday evening,, more than three weeks after the occurrence. In a letter received by Mr. Steven son, the following particulars are conveyed : The victims were Mr. Welford, the owner of a cattle station adjoining Isis Downs, and his stockman. While engaged in cross-cutting a tree, . they appear to have been struck from behind by. the blacks, and to have died without a struggle. Messrs. Harris and Bowe happened to .be visiting the run afterwards "on business, and finding no one in the hut, and that it had j been .rifledof all the fire- arms, ammunition, ! ' saddles,' and rations, their suspicions.'were aroused.. They ^made a . search, and found \- the place where the'murders,were committed. They.' aftenrards discovered poor '. Wel ford's body in a deep waterhole. The stockman's- body has not been found, but no doubt is entertained that he too was foully murdered. Complaint is made that the crime ;is .traceable to the insufficiency of police protection, and to the want of a proper patrol on the roads of -that district. Another letter received dated Tambo, May 10, supplies the following extract :-"¥e have had very sorrow ful news here. Poor Mr. Welford and his stock man-have been murdered by the blacks, 200 miles lower down the river than we are. I have known him for the last six years. He had country taken up, and was cattle fanning. It seems" that he and the stockman had been felling some timber, perhaps to make yards, and as they' bent over their' work, the blacks came .nnawares . and killed! them, They must liave been some time dead, for'when the body of Welford was found it was floating on the top of the -water. ' He must have been killed, and . afterwards dragged to the waterhole, and thrown into 'it. " The body of the stockman is not yet found."-BocTchampton Bulletin.. A few days since Mr. Donnelly, of Berambula, came across a miserable creature in the bush upon his run in a state of almost perfect nudity) arid,- for the time at least, but too evidently a lunatic. Mr. Donnelly at once secured him, and took him to the hut of a splitter, where he was clotbod,and looked after, and the police having be«n MBiAwnncsted with, he was brought into . Waggsr^y coach in charge of a constable, and : adnnttw to tie hospital. - His name is Bobert Thompson,: and he has but recently left the . Liverpool asylum, where"ho had been for some ' time ih'confinement, as according to his own ac count in his more rational moments, he also has been in several other asylums. He states that lie was'on his way to Adelaide, but lost himself in some scrub near Tarcutta and was out in the bush two days and nights. ,He also states that his brother was formerly the owner of the Park Hill'station near Hamilton, in ,tho colony of Victoria. Since the admission to the hospital he lias, at .times been very violent, and has consequently been a source of great anuoyance to "the other, patients.- Wagga. Vfagga Express. ' A Canbwie correspondent of the Kapwida Herald says it is expected that all the land on the Mannanarieaud Yarcowie areas will be taken up when the prices come down to £1 an acre; Surely this was the very refinement of cruelty. The.Gedong Advertiser writes --"The reluc tance, with which a snake will shuffle off its mortal , coil was lately exemplified at the Duck Ponds. A young fanner, on ploughing lus land, ploughed up two snakes, one of which was des troyed, but the other had a string tied round its . neck, arid-washuhg on the fciice and forgotten for the time. Ten days afterwards the "snake . was noticed in its peculiar position, and taken down, when it was found still alive." \ Roebourne, a new town in Western Australia, was completely, blown down by: a cyclone on March. 20. Every building (some of brick and stone) was. destroyed. . 'The.whale fishery at Encounter Bay, is being pushed forward.. ^ - Lately there has been a continuance of losses in the Sydney Post-office of letters. containing money and cheques; the amounts already dis covered amount to £2,000. . " A curious evasion of the licensing law is now practised at the Divan dancing saloon, in Bourke street, Melbourne. To comply with tho Act they close up punctually at 12, and turn every body out; but at half-past 12 the doors are re opened, and dancing re-commences, being then, kept up during pleasure. A New South Vales paper tells the following ghost story.:-As Mr. Donohue's mail coach was lately passing Bcabala Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was heard crying "Hie, hie." Young Donohue stopped the coach, turned the lamps round, coofeyed, looked about half-an hour, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that'a stock man was murdered by a shepherd at the - Point some 20 years ago ; and our informant "states that Mr. Peter Halbish, the former mail con tractor, two years ago, saw the form of a man clinging to his coach wheels-; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle, at one time saw the figure of a'man which he hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. , . The Jindabyne correspondent of the Monaro Mercury says :-"One of the most abominable nuisances the pastoralists of this locality, in common with many parts of the district, have to contend with, is the countless hordes of wild horses which infest the plains and ranges.. The destruction of these useless animals at times forms the object of a shooting, expedition, but withal the nuisance does not seem to abate." The Mount Pleasant correspondent of the Advertiser writes as follows in that journal, on the 14th- inst. :-" This place is . all agog, the inhabitants when they meet each other chat about the surprising reef on Mr. Scott's pro perty. . That gentleman for a long time has been most fortunate, he has been picking up gold by handfuls. This is not an invention of my. own. I saw last week a leather bag containing two pounds of pure gold or mores certainly riot less, belonging and got by him, and which he had found in. less than a week. To-day again I was shown a dark quartz stone studded with gold, some of the specks being about the size of a pin's head-some much bigger. This stone, which was Mr. Scott's, I was told weighed 2J pounds, but I will not vouch for the weight; it was beautifully and richly sprinkled with the precious metal all over. Tills you may rely on is riot a dodge to get a rush, but the actual fact, seen by my own eyes and felt in my own hands." 