Laying the Foundation-stone of St. James' Church, Wickham. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of St. JameB* Church, Wickham, took plaoe on Saturday last. The site, as is well known, is a half-acre allotment at the near corner of Mr. A. Duugar's paddock, and is in every, way moat suitable, being as nearly centrally situated in the parish as possible. A nbed and roofed in platform, had been pre-; pared,, and was gaily decorated with flags. Vhn AfctanriAtirek urna nnniArnna. innliiriincr ' nil loading inhabitants of Wickham, thejtfayor of the municipality, and many visitors)^ Shortly after four o'clock, Ms Lordship the Bishop of the diocese commenced proceedings by calling upon the assemblage to sing the 145th hymn, which, it will be remembered is ?spidally directed to such service. The hymn was song by members of the choirs: of St. John's and Chriatchurcb, the bystanders join Ing in, and the accompaniment was given on an harmonium, specially provided. The 132nd ' .. t Psalm, followed by a portion of the 11th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, com mencing, 'In those days came,' succeeded, . and the Rev. H. S. Millard then read certain ' '? appropriate collects. ? ' ; ' The Mayor of Wlckham, James Hannell, lfcg., then advannpcl to tho firont of tko ploi form, and read the document which was to be placed in the foundation-stone, and of whioh; the following is a copy :— ' Wickham, Parish of St. John, Newcastle, colony of Now South Wales. .,. , To the glory of God and in memory of St James, apostle and martyr. - The foundation stone of this church, was laid by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, on Saturday, the 17th day of February, a.D. 1872, and in tho thirty-fifth year of the reign of her. Majesty Queen Victoria of Groat Britain and Ireland, &c.; &c.; &c.; ' . Goyemor-in-Chief of the colony of New South Wales— The Bight Honorable Somerset Eichard, Earlof Belmore. . ? Bishop of the Diocese of Newcastle— The Eight Bev. Wilham TyrreU, D.D. Incumbent of St. John's Parish— Bev. Francis Dashwodd Bode, of St. Augustine's College, Canterbury, England. Curate of St. John's and Christchurch, Bev. JohnDixon. . ? .: -Architect— J. Backhouse, Esq. Contractor-rrT. Smith, Esq. 'Building Committee— Eer. F. D. Bode, Bevi J, Dixion, Messrs, J. Hannell, H. B. Cotton, J. D. Ituigley, W. A. Hutchinson, J. Hubbard, J. darluwn, W. Holmes, T. Elliott, J. Gordon; J. Holmes, G. Callow, E. Trindle, J. Frouham, J. Hohn.es, F. Norman. - ' . , ' 'The document having been duly deposited, tin fonndaOon^tone was lowered, and his Iiordship having had the square and level handed to him, declared it to be well and truly lakl*r& foundation-stone of a church to be erected to the praise and glory of God, in the aame of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy .Ghost His Lordship then praysd thijfe/.tno wiMrk they were that day' en-, gaged In might prosper. The Belief was read, aU present joining in j prayer was again engaged in, and then his Lordship de livered his addrets. He commenced by stat ing the pleasure he 'fell in joining in their little service usual on such occasions, and how happy he was to meet the gentlemen he saw around him, who bad'ahown so muchearne»t ness in their work of love. They could not be accused of delay, j they had ; been early, in the field, ana had commenced with a thorough good will i be heartily thanked them. They had shown great judgment and wisdom in their arrangement and planning of their church ; h» approved of their design to erect a portion only, to, which they could add hereafter. . It -was. different to the plan pursued in the case of St. John's Church, where a large edifice had been built at once, though even there the congregation and the number of parishioners had increased more quickly than h» had anti cipated. It was wiser to build she smaller one at first, and to enlarge it as the popula tion increased. Fair contrirmtions had already, be«n madef and more' were 'promised] and be! must congratulate the, people of Wickham on tHe liberality they had Bhown. He hoped all the funds required woald Soon be forthcoming, and that in a few weeks their church would be'i-eadyior them to commence their Lord's day services. Be would say a word for that good member of their church, Mr. Albert Sangar, who had so generously given them the site. No sooner had he (his Lordship) applied , to. him for the site than he replied at once, granting it, and subsequently, when informed that the quarter-acre was but too limited a space, he at once gave another quarter. They owed that gentleman a deep debt of gratitude, the thanks of all were due to him. He re joiced, as bbhop or overseer of his clergy committed by the Lord to his care, to find that ^Plergy of i that parish were adding 5et another church to those already in his diocese They must look forward to additional cWyl man being' brought there to per&m; the regular services; that they would .mndi the means to do this he found sure proof in what they had that day done. He felt bound to ^k most highly of the cleW of «te diocese. Nowhere did he know of better in the colony, or ,who more faithfully perforated their duties He need only refer to the confirmation services and the, .preparation those miniajtera had made for ihem ; thus in 1869 he laid his hands on 860 members of his flock, whereas in 1871 he had the pleasure of admitting to the altar of the Lord no fewer, than 1390, or an in crwae of ever fifty per cent. He rejoiced to 'ftJft^dWQr doUig their, real work with iuch 4 Xrrun0O°'«ntt^t tUa««« ?'» known to «w laity. He had neverknown such un effect uS'? i2??: tad^-B» hia W» confimiation; ithad led to a thorough awakening of faitk t&oujthout; the church, and this he attHbuJS tjj;' hb own, his clergy's, and his1 pebpK prMejafewng ^ been aounited.he.had oauwto believt that they had oeeniieard.! -oT«V hortidbii} hearer, to be incefflant tifnifa and regular in their attendance on the wVK of the ehureh, that they might g«-w in grS and draw down on thflaieWea T all spiritual hfctato∧ then when the appointed time came they wouldaUjaWyereawa to thank God. The IUv.-.,,D.!Bod9,th« Rev. Canon 8*2». '* *5. K-V.7H-. rp. MUlard fhen ad dressed the meetl^-^riffOth^ynin was M&L;?* ^F^rProooowedrthe bene. *^LB Tf5'011 w«-made and deposited on _tb* foundation atone, and the nieetiWdis: B6VMCL * ~- - 