.-.-?.- THE COaiMG GOMEX. ? ' .. (Saturday Review.} .:-.??: Nervous' people, as it is credibly -statedjhave been put to- great anxiety bythe announcement which recently ap peared in thepapers, that a. distinguished, astronomer had discovered. a;monstrous: . cometi rushing' strait1 towards- us with' amazing rapidity from therembte abysses^ of space, and yet '.pursuing, its- course, . ?with as little i tendency to ? deviation: as. though it were ? running upon; rails. Some friendly planet' might by possi bility put forth a helping band, and. twist the approaching' monster from its-1 ?course* as. the heroof.a. novel diverts s the.runaway steed just as- .it* is about to crush the heroine; Good-natured as tronomers have taken pains to explain that there is no such : comet' ' coming ; that, if it were Coming, it' would' be a verv welcome visitor; and that we have. ? .already. passed, through a comet.; and found it less obnoxious- than a. London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people. They ?ought surely to understand that they :aro robbing us of a. lively pleasure. . Have they not . in- their boyhood — for -even astronomers have been boys — ?snatchedatfearfuljoy fronv the ghosts and ottar supernatural, dangers wit'a which, a. childish' imagination loves to people the dim borders of its liltlo world ? . Would' anybody willingly give tip that delicious feeling of .'superstitious awe which was at. once the charm and terror of his early years, and have- all phantoms suppressed till the world should be no more haunted. than a, rail- road station ? Astronomers have al ready taken terrible liberties' with the ?comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging: through the ?sky with a death-dealing tail has, been' weighed and measured, and had, as it ?were, a mathematical hook put in its jaws, till his impressiveness has de parted from him. We: know the legend ?of Ouvier's descent into the infernal regions, aud of hisdeciaratibn that the boms and hoofs which terrified our in fancy were unmistakable proofa of. a graminivorous nature. Even- so- the comet has been lowered in popular esti mation till our skies have become as empty of horrors Hyde Park of tigersa Sir W. Thomson*. indeed* was Jcidd- enough last autumn to revive some rof 'our an.cte'nt alarms, attdVto. assure us that, some time or ot'ier, the world would be smashed to atom;, like a ' bursting shell, by a fate aa inexorable as tbat which will bring about a- collision at a! metropolitan junction. Of course, liis fellow-philosophers found fault with, some of his details, for science is a re luorsclcss enemy lo. poetry. Let us; however, for a brief period ' dally with false, surmisej' and, endea vour to. return, to, the. simple' faith:' of a chi'd. Let us imagine that: ; tho astro-, nomor 1-P9 really prophosiod our ap proaching fatej arid that tlie prophesy is correct. 'Within' a few weeks ; Sve shall bo ablo,,witliout tlichelp.of ' tolescopos,,: to, see the little.cloiulj.no' bigger. than;. at man's, hand, .nnd.ifraught' --; with omens. more drcadtul than have- ever .before af frightedftho human race;, It will grow,1 slonlyat first,' but1 after\vards: with1 a rato'Of increase almost perceptible to our flaked vision, till at, last the whole' sky will.'liQjlil'.'up witliiho! fiery portent^ Night,.by night wo 6ln»Jl'watch its tor-'; riblo growth, and before long it will be brilliant enough -to- outshine the- -sun- itselft The temperature. will riso:to:be| first tropical, .and ithenhottor; than any.-: thing that is vendnrcd,iin ? the. hottest, roomi of. 'ai.Turkishiibath.il But. the; time, during:which:we.slinlli bo^conEOiou^;- of excessive heat will be brief indeed.,., The, two large: bodies, plunging toward each other at a pace compared with which tho speed' or a'' cannon-ball is absolute rest;will crash into each other ? with a hideous collision.' If''wo liappen to be placed' beWccn two such antagonists, we shall not. have time even -for an ejaculation.- 'Tho^ petty racevof in sects that crawls arnongstHhe little ex crescences on. tpe earth s skin , wilt be instantaneously . dismissed from exist ence. Oni the pfclier side .of. the world '? we shall, porhapsjOhavo '...jus't one flash of sensation/ ''? WbshaU'Jsee themdnii- ! tains, without any metaphor, skipping like' rams,1 and be ourselves- sent spin ning into space just.as.thc dust — to in dulge in a humble siirile — is knocked off the under .'sicle'! of. a carpet -by tho blows upon its; upper, suiifnco. For an instant .wp. shall, have. .a....glin?.psc. of.the broken, fragments :ofi the* learth starting,; off, eacb, ioni its: now .career, to.whifl through the universe, e-ch bearing' with' it — sb: wo shall'remember on -the' faith ?df-'a'ip'rbsiilent-'.p'fi ' tlio; 13 r itish : Associ-, atiori,. — -!sonio minute' gei'ins to be planted, if they' hare good luck, . on, EDmo_ distant. pliinet,, and there to begin over 'again'. that! endless, process ibf e'voV'. liitioh which will have come' to so sum mary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we tnayivlcbritem'plate another alternative, and suppose that we just, miss the nn cl en's of tHe.comet,.but'are;i Wrapped in his fiery'tail, which will turn ; bbeans.ihto steam, .dissipate .the internal: ice of the: polcsj , and ? singe: -ftlia world. : into.ithe likenessiof an American. prairie' after: a, fire;: Nothing --i-willi be ; left but a vast1 surface, of '-grey a3lies^ frradually1 to be* converted into' mud as the waters again condense and descend upon; the.- depopulat 2di planet;-. Alas ! we,:cannot.,claim the eloquence which would,' bornecessary;to= do justice to -such ? tremendous catastrophes.1 Wiltonj: writing ? under ' the ' eapennte'ndence ; of \- Dr. .Uumming,, might possibly, bo equal :tothe.:taskv of descv.bing; the- complete/ and linstanlaneous ruin; of a world, .but natui e'?s'-not prodigal,, she drily £ Ves one such niiid at a tince. ;''.!'.?( ! We have^yen lured to suggest the bare-v outlines; -;of lanpurejy- inu.srinary picture, wl!;ch]ourieadurt-,.iraiist' fill up for tho.oselvfc'j.5 ' It ':8-'n-s»iercurioos to inquire what would.b'., _th.e,,hia' ,j-o.f,- our minds 'ifi;isucH''a;catastr&plJ; e^pouid'r'ealiy be predicted on scieii :ific' grounds, pn'l we were really, to believe- -the men of science., : It.- is; neccissoryp to nbtide' this. last, condition^.:-, for, it-, isrshiglily probable that; we : should; resolutely deelirioto^believeariy thing so unpleasaritt : There are limits to^ one's faith i even in matheriiaticsi'and- wei'shonld insist upon our.propheh prophesying smooth things, even, if-they. bad. to twist, a,'- few laws of nature for the. purpose- Brit.let us imagine thatvthis; difficulty is- surr. mounted. If we. weve; all really con vinced ithafc at :4 o'clock;p;m: , . .Greenwich; ume; on: thenext 12tli;of! August,' - the; whole human1 race avd'1 its dwelling place' would' be1 summarily11 knocked; to atoms; what would be the effect on' our minds ? Tbei most natural' suppo- sitibnis, perhaps,' that- the; whole course ;, of affairs would'be thrown out' of | gear, and' that we should be.reiuc2d'to.,the. state of a city demoralised by a plague. Persons of . ? strong, religious; feeling would either go into: retirement,, or. would ; endeavour to ' awaken the con sciences of the sinners avound: them;, whilst the: sinners would b.-come, utterly, reckless, and: would remember, that, there was no usein-keepi'ig a cellar of. wino to: be consumed' by a comet. Some suet, tendency worild, of. coursej be. manifest: but: the quesiion remains, how ; far it would be ovor-j pow.ered by the opposite tendency to be: carried, on.by simple, visihertice in. our old grooves^ , After a little, time one would becoriie more1 or less accuBtomed; to the prospect. One would feel; thatj if it: was, not. worth, while, to. undertake anything; now* neither, was; ii worth while to give np * o old .employments, which huYO become necessary parts of bur existoncoi , There . are innumerable stones, such as that of the man who in-' sistcd on taking his accustomed pill an hour before he was hanged ; and; if wo^ were all under sentence of execution — ?' as, iiideed, sermons are apt to remind us thab we aro,.even. without the, intorv.en tion of a, comet — it is, por.haps,. reason.-, able to suppose that wo should act. ; in the same spirit., 'The great bulk of mankind' wouldisoyj ' It's all very well ; wo 'Shall not want anything more after tho 12th of August:;!, but that, isi.rio reason why we,, should.*- not have our regular meals and enjoy our newspapers at- breakfast.'' . : - ! : -; 