NOTES ON THJC INDIAN COOLIE. By a Cosmopolitan. Shoiitly boforo leaving Brisbano for India, some years Binco, I attended a publio moating held upon the ground situated near tho Court House, in Queen- streot, anent tho ' Coolie Question.' To tho bost of my recollection, tho Ministry of tho day had said or done something within or .without tho walls of Parliament res pecting this voxod quostion, which like a ghost has haunted tho politicians of the various and it appears to have been taken advantago of by the Opposition of tho day as a moral lover to upset tho then Ministry. At said mooting, the Bpoeohes woro very inflammatory, and many of the Speakers drew touching pictures of tho slavish condition of the Indian coolio, and of the terrible effocts his class of labor would have upon tho labor of the white man. It cannot be wondered at, therefore, that upon my arrival in India, I looked with somo curiosity upon, and closely studied, tho manners and customs of the men and women, who wore to work such groat social changes in Queensland, and the conolu sion I camo to was — that, toko them as a whole, they are as woll off, and do much less work than tho whito man iu Australia. I will try and oxplain why. In the first place, India is a remarkably cheap country to live in, both for Europeans and natives. Naturo has been prodigal iu her gifts, and vegetables and other products, which in Austi alia ore hardly grown by the 'sweat oflho brow,' in India almost drop into tho mouths of those who lie beneath tho shady trees until they are ripe. But thore is no comparison between the two countries. Australia is a new country, but half developed, where nature in a grim mood has planted but little for tho use of man, except ' firewood,' and deaths in the lonoly bush are common for tho want of food and water ; but who ever heard of a death in the ' bush' or 'jungle' of India — where ovory bit of ' scrub' or 'jungle' teems with native fruits— for the want of food or water. The only deaths in India from being lost in the bush, occur through, the attacks of wild beasts ; but from starvation, never. I have tried the oxporiment in both, places, and would prefer India for living iu a pre-Adamite'state. The matter could be easily illustrated by taking a gang of coolies with their good looks, sleok, rotund persons, and placing them besido our Australian aboriginals, with their half developed forms, caused by tho want of proper food and nourishment. Or the matter could be traced still further by taking tho New Zealand Maori, who, from boing a Blim Polyne sian or Malabar coolio, has, from a change of climate, and plenty of food in tho shape of pigs and fish, developed into one of the finest specimens of colored humanity under the sun — and who, single-handed, is a match for ? any European of his weight or sizo in a fair stand-up fight with the fists or otherwise. Yes, my masters, food, plentiful and cheap, combined with a climuto suitable for tho development of the human form divine, has a wonderful effect upon improving the good looks and physical strength of a nation or people ; and it sounds simply stupid to hear people in the publio prints cracking up the Indian coolie simply becauso, in his own country, ho can live cheaply, work cheaply, and, above all, live upon ' rice.' Tho ' inerrie ' men of England, who live at homo at ease, might as Well quote the young Australian or ' cornstalk,' who, as the London Times says, ' are often weaned upou beef steaks and brandy and water,' becauso they were hardy, prepared with little trouble, and, in the case of the meat, cheap. What is rice, or ' swamp Beod ' as it is called in India, but an CBculont grain grown in warm climates, \erj nico as a light palatable food when surrounded with various ' flxins ' such as oggs, milk, butter, or currv. which, in India, can hn hnuulif-. nf. Inaa than one halfpenny a pound, by, tho bag, far superior to what we pay fourponco a pound for in Brisbane. No doubt the Indian coolio livos much upon rice becausotit is cheap and plen tiful, and because hia 'caste-god' says it is a ' pure food j ' but it does not constitute his sole food'; ho can eat ' anything in the shape of light- and tasty goods, such us fish of all kinds, with which evory creek, river, and Bea in India literally swarm — us it is a well-known fact that fresh full-grown fish are found in the Indian '? watcrholes even after a shower of ruin, as they (tho fish) lie dormant in the mud until tho rainy season. Then, as to fruit, the Indian coolio can put oway from fonr to six dozon bananas at a sitting, beside his rice and curry, which, at fourponco a dozen in Bris bane, would mako rather dear feeding. As a family man, I cannot afford to buy many tropi cal fruits at their present rates for mysbif and famiiy, much less feed a coolie servant, if I had one,' upon them. In . India, my ooolie servant would purchase retail six ddzen bananas, for ono penny (and he made his 'taxes' or per cenlage out of them besidos), far superior than could bo bought here for sixpence a dozen. And all other fruits are in proportion, beautiful oranges, one penny a dozen ; pines, six limes the size of any we have here,' for less than a farLhing each ; mangoes, six to twelve for a penny ; and other tropical fruits in proportion. Arrack, a spirit of which they are very fond, can be bought for twonenco a quart boltle ; while they will not turn away from the best pale ale, at ono shilling a bottle retail, and kept in ice, mind. Talk of tho poor Indian coolie living badly or cheaply. My experience leads me to tju'uk that placing man again man, ho faros much belter upon his shilling a day, in India, than a working mtin does in Australia upon his six or seven shillings a day. I say it with all due respect as a co inopolitan Australian, but I am sadly afraid that wo do not 'live' in the proper sense of the term — that is, enjoy life. We simply ' exist,' and take our pleasures mournfully. Take our little slight nutsholls of houses, such as tho working classes rent, in which they aro ' frizout' in the winter, and' boiled out' in the summer; the whole four rooms of which do not occupy the space of ono ordinary room in India, and sot them besido tho bamboo and cadjau hut of the Indian ooolie, and seo which has Hie advantage. The lattor can run up hia houso at a cost of say fivo shillings, in six hours at outside ; and he builds to Buit his means and tho olimato, while the Australian working man,- wilh his European ideas, puts up a cottage which, perhaps, lasts a little longer, but in which thore is oftentimos not room to ' swing a cat,' and defective in ventilation, at u coBt of from £50 to ovor £100. Tho fact. is, tho two countrios can novor bo equal. India is an old country with a history oxtonding into the past for nearly six thousand years, whore millions of peoplo have beou born and died, and where they have dolvcd and built, and planted and grown for centuries botoro tho Christian ora. Take, as an instance, one of the grout ' water Bupply ' works of India, of whioh I purpose to givo a ekotch hereafter, and which it is calculated by engineers took for ita con struction over one million labourers for noarly thirty years — built solely for the purposes of irrigation and rice-growing hundreds of years buforo tho European sot foot in India ; and besido which our little Euoggeru wuter supply is ub a drop in the bucket. Even supposing that pluntors and other gontlcmon interested could raise the means to import 500,000 coolies, they could nevor bring nbout suoha system of cheap labor as provails in India, for the simple reason that, after tho first month or so, tho coolie, from tho enhanend cost of living here, would ask a higher prico for his eorvices, and they ai-e cunning enough, and have 'sea-lawyors' among thorn able to turn and twist any agree mont, however carefully wordod. Tho coolie, as against a whilo man, is sadly deficiont in physical strongth and stamina, but in intellectual powers (I um speaking of the working olasseB of Europe) ho is fur superior to his white brother. Any person who haa studied phrenology and Lavater can, by looking at tho woll shaped features, finely devolopcd heads and forehoads, nicely moulded limbs, and small hands and feet of a gang of Indian coolies, seri that ho is dealing with a race not to bo despised, while there is a ' lurking devil' in tho eyes of mnny of them which tolls you that they will stand no nonsenco, and aro not to bo trifled with. Thoy will only work their own way, in thoir own j style, and at their own pace, and if driven hard will show fight, and if beaten will sulk, fall sick, and die. When takon far from India thoy are greatly given to mal du pays, or homo sickness, and many thousands of them have fallen victims to this disease in tho ' middle passage' between the East and West Indies. They havo no fear of emigrating to Coylon or tho Mauritius ; but with a long Bea voyage before thorn, you can generally calculato upon about losing ten per cent. In fact tho death-rate to the West Indios has avoraged vory high. In 1851, one-third of the whole number of coolios introduced at great expense by the planters and government of tho country wore already dead. As I have said, when driven into a corner and fuirly beaten, they ' turn their fucos to the wall and die ;' so dif forent to a white man, who, generally speaking, is never beaten. As illustrating the powers of . free English education in India, and the inlel- lcclual powers of the coolio, I will givo a short extract from on old Indian papor : — 'Arojah of a small principality in tho west of India had ono day transmitted to him some severe articles, writton in English, which had appeared in a Bombay paper, exposing grievous errors in his government. Irritated at tho exposure he employed spies to detect the writ or; and at longth a poor low-caste man, a Sangassie, with no clothing, save an old tiger's skin, and no ornament except nshes, was brought before him as the offender. To a nalive ruler, such a charge against such a man seemed absurd. It was very much as if a poor tinker had been accused of writing articles in the Times against Lord Derby, or any other groat man ; and yot tho poor fellow, on boing questioned, acknow ledged the articles as his, and proved his right to do so. On being questioned, he said — 'I was educated in a mission school ; but I did not see my way clear to becoming a Christian, but preferred to remain a devotee to my own religion ; and as such, I journey through tho country examining into and exposing all that is false, cruel,, and unjust, and giving my support to whatever is good wherever I find it; and this I shall continuo to do.' But, said tho wondering rnjah, ' I will make you my prime minister.' Tho poor Sanaassio replied, — 'I must refuse tho post, j'our highuess, as I have this other work given mo to do ; but if you wish I can send you us good an adviser as myself, and a person who has been well educated.' It is said that tho Sangassio sent bis friend the editor of the paper for a prime-minister to tho Rnjah, while he himself went on his lonely way to fulfil his calling in the name of that truth nnd justice which ho had been taught at the mission-school. This is an authenticated fact, and shows that the poor Indian coolie is not tho fool ho is taken for by those who know him not ; and I am sorry to say that sometimes when these clever indepondant natives who will not be quioted, but want-to-know-you-know, come into contact wilh official Europeans, and ask stupid questions, that theBO 'Joseph Arch's' are too often trapped, and sent to somo out landish place where no questions are asked. {To be continued.) 