. ' EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVINGSTONE'S 8ECOND LETTER, Dr. Livingstone's second. loiter to Mr. J. G. BoimcLt appeared in tho New York Herald of tho 27th of July, and a copy of. it. wus courteously sent to the London papors.. Wosoloot tlio ..most interest-, ing possoges from it. , . TIIE. Slave TnAT>E. . / . Speaking of this horrible trade, tho Doctor snys.:— " Many huvc.lmt a faint idea of tlio evils that trading it) strives inflicts on tho victims nnd' on tho' authors of the atrooitie. Most people imagine that negroes, nflcr being brutnlisod by a "longcou rso of service, with but row of tho ameliorating influences that elevate more favored rnecs, aro falr: nvcrago specl- JU.ona.Qf_ tJiO_A.fricaii_iunn. Our-ddcas.aro- dnrivod- ironi ino Biavc-t ni cue west uonst. who navo ior_ngea, been subjoclod to domcslio bondage and ail tlio do- protsing agencies of a inost unhoaHhyclimato. Theso havo told most injuriously on .their physical frames) whilo fraud and trado rum luivo ruined tlieir moral .natures. ..Not lo . dUcrimiiuitc_thcjlLffurcuco,ta.raou-. slrous injustice to tho main body; of .tho population living frco in llib intbrior'undbr llioir own chiefs and laws — cullivati tg. thoir own farms, catching tho fish of thoir own rivers, or' fighting bravely with tlio grand old dbnizens of tho forest, which -in-moro recent con tinents can, only bojrrnchcrl in_rqcky_strota orjuudor. : perennial ico. >\Yinwoodo Rcado hit thu truth when ! ho said tho un iont Egj'pliaii, with his largo round ! black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat aoprcssed nose, is far nwrer tho typical negro than tho West Coust African, who hns boon debased by tho un healthy land 'he lives in. Slaves generally — and especially IhoK- on the West Coast, nt Zanzibar, and elsewhere — arc extremely ugly.' I havo no prejudice against thoir color ? -indeed, anyone who lives long among them forgets that, they nro black, and fools that tliey aro just follow-mon. But tho low retreat ing foreheads, prognnthous jaws, lark hcol, and other pliyiit'id peculiarities common among slave nml West Co.ist, nogroee, always awaken tho enino foolitigs! of uvorrioivu tlioso with which wo viow specimens of the 'Bill Sikus andj.bruiecr'.clnsiini England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down cither class more docpty into tho mire in whicbthcy aro already sunk. Bub I. wish-to point out that Ihosonro not typical Africans any more than typical FUnglislituon, and tlmt tho nntlros of nearly all tho 1 <gh laud of tho interior of tlio continent arc, as a rue, fair averngo specimens of humanity. I happom 1 to bo present wnon all tlio head mon of t ho great ch of Insoma, who livos west of the south end of T'nngnn; ikn, lmd como together to nmko peuco with certain . vrab who had burned their chief town, -and JInm coquin ono could iiot sco more finely-formed intullootud heads iu uny nssoinbly in London or Paris, aibl the faces nnd forms correspond with tho fincly-shqpcd Jiead.". j Til K_3!llUATMEXT_0£_Sia.V£S. I once saw n party of twelve who had been slaves in their jown country— Linnla or Loiula — of hich Cnzcmbclis chief or gcncrul. . Thoy wore loaded with largo henry woodon yokes, which aro forked trocs about tlirce inohc in diameter, and seven or eight feet long. Tho nock is inserted in tho fork, and nn "iron bar drivoii'in aoross from otio end of tho fork to tho othor, and riveted ; tho otlior endjs tied at night to a tree or, to tho ceiling of a 'hut, and the ucck being firm in, tho fork, tho slavo is held, off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to tho wearer, and "when marching two. yokc nro tied together by thoir free ends, and 'loads put' on tho slavo's heads besides. Women, baring in addition to tho'yoko.and loskl a child on tho badt, havo said lo mc. on 'passing, 'They are lulling tno; if thoy would tako off tlio yoko 1 could manago tho load ana child, but I shall dio with three load.' Ono who snoko thus. did die, nnd-lhe-poor-littlb girl, her1 cliild, pcrishod of starvation. I interceded for somo, but when unyoked off they bounded into ! tho long grass, and" I was gently blamed for not' coriug to ""prcsorvo Uio'owneris property. Atfer a day's march under a broiling Terticol_sun_witU.yokcs.aiul- licavy- londs, the strongest aro exhausted. . Tho party of twolvo abovo mentioned were sitting singing and laughing. ' Hallo !' snid'I, ' theso fellows iako to it kindly; this 'must bo tlio class for whom . phjloso- phors say slavory is tho naturaL atato and I wont nrid'nsked'tlio cause of thoir mirth. I had to ask tho aid of their ownor as to tho meaning of tho word rukha, which usually means to lly orto leap. ' Thoy wero using it to . express tho idea of haunting,' ns a ghost, and inflicting disease nnd death; and tlio song was, 1 Yes,' wo nee going away to Manga (abroad or'whito man's land) with yokes on our nocks j but wo shall Imvo no yokes in death; nnd wo shall return and haunt and kill you " Tho chorus then struck in was the name of Ibo man who had sold enoli of thorn, -ami tliou followed tho genorol laugh, in which ut first I saw no bitterness. -Porombo, nn old man of nt least 10 1 years, had' been ono of Lho sellers; In nccordnuco with tho African belief thoy had no doubt of being soon able,-' by ghost powor, to kill even lum. Tho laughter told not of mirth, but of.tho toaro of such us wore opprosswl, and thoy had jo_comforlor.:_LHQ.Llintis-higherthan-tho-higlicst- rogardcth.' " African Ladies, v- , , "Many of tlio women.wcro vory' pretty, ami,- liko all ladies, would havo been much prettior if (hoy lmd 'only-lot themselves . nlono. - ' Fortunately, tho dears oouhl not chungo (heir charming bluck eycs, beautiful forohends, niecly-routulod limb, wcll-sha)>ed forms, tiud small hands nnd foot. But- they mustrndorn thomaclvos; nnd this (hey do— oh, tho liussiesl— by filing thoir splomlid tooth to points liko cat's tooth. It was distressing, for it mudo ( hoir snule, whjch has so much powor over us great ho doukoys, liko'that of tho orocotlilo. Ornnuients aro scnrco. What would our Indies do if thoy had none, but pout and lecture us .ou ' woman's rlUU? i Biit those spccimons of tlio fair sex mnko 'shift by adorning their fine, warm, brown'skiili; tattooing various pretty ilovices wllhout colours,, that, besides purjiosos of-bcauly, serro the heraldio uses of our Highland tart nns." ' - . ' ' Tub Valley of. the Nile. 'iJhit why po umpng tho cannibals at all P Was it iiot )lko jqunng tho Alpine .Olub in. order to bo lauded if yon'don't break your nock whero your ueek ought to bo broken ? This makes uio turn biiek to the watershed, as 1 promised. . It is a broad bolt of troe- coverod iqdand, pome 700 miles In longth from west to easL The general altitude' is bctweon <1000' and 5000 feet above tho sen, and mountains stand on it nt various. points which aro betiveon 6000 and 7000 feet abovo llie'occmi fovol. - On this wnlorehod springs arise wliioli aro well-nigh inmunerablo — that is, it wuulil tako half a man's Hfelimo to count thorn. These springs join cnrhplhcr ami form-brooks, which nguiii eonvorgo anil beeomo rivers, or say streams, of HwoiilyrfQriyror"clghtyyimlsirtk'ftU.ii6v.mrdiyTr11" flow (ownrd tho conlro of au iinmenso valley, which 1 buliovo to bo the Valley of tho Nile. In this trough wo Imvo nt first, throe largo river. Then nil unite into one enormous laeust-riue river, the central liuo of draimigcrwhich I iinnto Webb's Luuluba. In this great valley there are ftvo great lakes. One near the upper eml is called Lake Bemba, or inoro proporly Hnngwoalofbul it is not a source of tho Nile, for no largo rivor begin in u lake. H i supplied by a river called Ohiimbeze ami. several other;' whioh' may be considered source, und out. of it- flows the largo river Lunpula, which eiders Lake Mocro. and comes out- n the grcjit'iiikc river Lmilaha to form likc Knmo- londo. Wert of Ivnuiolondo, hut Mill in lho grant." valley, lies Lake Lincoln, which 1 mimed a my little tribute of love to tho great ami good msm America 'enjoyed for some time and lost One of the three, great rivers t nieiitiohutl— Bartle Frere', or Lull m— -fall into luunoluiiilu, mid Lake Lincoln bccomes.a lnuurtriuo rivor, mid il, loo, juiiifl thu contrul lino of draimigct.but, lower down, and all three united form the fifth lake, .from which thu hIuvuh sent to mc, instead of men, forced me, to my grout, grief, to leave. a« tho ' unknown lake.' By my rcokoning-—lho. chrononiclorB hoing all jlead— it_i3.fivo_dcgrc.es. of longitudo-irc3tor Speko'ii poailion of Ujiji ?s this iniikoH it prolmhlo that tho -great lacustrine river hi tho valley is tho we/ilern-hrunoh — or Fothcricrs Nile —the Hahnr Ghnzal, and hot tho onstenixhranoh, whleh Speko, Grant , and llakcr hnliuvcd to ho tho river of ICgypt. If oorrcet, thin would innko it tho Nile only after ull_tho Jiaiiur Ghuzal enters tho caslcru Tub Inhaiiitanta of Manyhbma. " Wlion purties lcavo Ujijt to go westwards into Mnnvuowu tho quostion asked is nob whnt goods they havo, but how many guns and'kog of gunpowder, if thoy havo 200 or 300 muskets, and ammunition in proportion, thoy think success is certain. The Man- yiiiumi wore found to ho U'lTiflcd hy the rejiort of their guns j Homo, I know, bcliovod them to be super natural, for when tho effect of a muskct-hnll was shown on a goat -they looked up to Uio clouds, rind- offered to bring Avory to biiy tho charm by which lightning was drawn down. When n villngu_jvas_ asflftultcd tho mon fled in terror, and woman and- children wero. rnpturod. Many, of tho Manyuoma women, cspocinlly far down tlio Lunlaba, aro very pretty, light-coloured, and lovely.- ' It was' common to huur Ilia Zanzibar slaves— whosa faces rcsomblo tho features of. London door-knookora, whioh' some atrocious Ironfouudcr thought wore liko thoso .of lions— say to rach other, 1 Oh, if wo had Manyucma wives, wlmt proUy children wo shouid get!'. Many- uerna, men nnd women were alt vastly superior to .'thd'slarc, who'ovidenlialy felt the inferiority they had.' acqUircd by wallowing in lho udrc of bondage. Many of the men wero toll, strapping fellows, with bub lilllo of what wo think distinctive of lho negro about them, If one relied on tlio tcnohings of phrc- -nolocTthcMnnycuma'nicirwould'toke'frliJglrplaw Jn.thcjiumim>fBmily. — T-ltey-felb-tlieir-superiorityr and oftoii said truly, ' Wero it not for'firearms, not ono of Ibr strangers would ever leave our country.' If a comparison woro instituted nnd a body of Many uoma men, taken at random, plucod opposite, say, tho member of tho Anlhrnnnlnmenl Sooiolv of London. clad like them in kills of grass cloth, i should liko to tako my nlnco ulongside Miuiyuoinn, on the prin ciple of preferring tho company of my betters; the philosophers would look wofully scraggy. "But though tho ' inferior race,' as wo compassionately call tnem, liavo fincly-forincd heads, and often hatul- somo feature, they ape undoubtedly cannibals. Tho country abounds in food of till kinds, and tho rich soil raiser everything planted in great luxuriance. A friend of mino tried rice, and it yielded ono hundred and twenty fold ; three measures of seed yielded 360 measures. Maize is so abundant that I havo seen forty-five loads, each about GOlbs., given forapinglo goat. It was puzzling to sco why they should be cannibals. The Matiyucmn Imvo plenty of pigs and other doincstio animals, and yet thoy aro cannibals. Into tho reasons for their canuibalism-I do not enter. Thoy. say that human llesh i not equal to tl ub of goats or pigs ; it is snttirii, and makes thorn 'droiin of the dead. Why fine-looking mcu like them should bo so low in tho moral scalo can .oulr.bo ctlributcd to the noii-introduetiou of- ibat- religion vhlch umkes thoso distinction's among mon whieli plircnologv nnd other ologica cannot explain. Tho reliff'on of C'h rist is unquestionably tlio best for man," " r- . . IIORRIBLB CtJfiTOMa AND NlGOEtt MOSLEMS. ! "Tbo Mnuyucmn women— especially fur clown the Lualabn— ;»ro very pretty aud very industrious. Tlio market is with them a great institution, ntul. thoy work hard uud carry far in order to havo something to trcll.- Markets nro established about ten or fifteen miles apart. AU arc. dressed in their best— guudy- coloured, many-folded kills that rcaeli from tho waist to tlio knoo. When 2000 or 3000 arc togcthor they ciiforro justice, though chiefly women ; and thoy iire such eager trader that they set off in -cqmpanicsby-nightrand- begiu-to-run-ar-FOOirther- como within tho hum arising from hundreds of. voices. To boggle, and joke, and laugh, and cheat, seem to botho dearest enjoyment of life. Tho Man yucma havo -always told us that womon going to markeMvcro never molested. When Uio mon of two districts' woro cngngod in actual hostilities tlio women passed through from ono market to anothor iinliarmcd ? to toko'their goods, even in war, was a thing not to bo dono. But to those 'market-women the half-castes directed their guns. Two case that came under my observation woro so sickening I cannot allow the mind to dwell upon or writo about them. Many of both sexes wero killed, but tlio' women aud children cliieily woro liiadc captives. No matter how much ivory thoy- hnd.oblaincd, these "Nigger Moslems" must have slaves, aud thoy assaulted tho markets and villages, and mado captives chiefly, as it appeared to mc, because, as tho mon ruu off at tho report of guns, they could do it without danger. I had no idea boforo how bloodthirsty mon can bo when thoy can pour out tho blood of fellow-men in- safety. Ami all this-carnage-is-going-on-in- Manyuonmutr-tbo-very- tiino I writo. It is tho Banians, our protected Indian 'fcliow-snbjccUrthafc-directly"doitaHJ — Wehr.re conceded to tho8uUau of Zanzibar tho right, which it was not ours to give, of a certain amount of slave-, trading, nnd that amount has been from- £I2,uOO to £20,000 a year..' As wo have mcu, thes'o arc not .traded for— butmurdorod-for.-Thoyaronot slave,- biib- freo people made captive. A Sultan with.u scihc of justice would, instcud of taking head-ino'riey, de« laro that oil woro frco as soon as thoy reoohed liis terri tory. But tho Banians hare tho cuslom-houso tuul all tho Sultan's rovemie entirely in their hands. lie" cannot trust his Miibammlan subjects, .even of tho bettor class, to farm his. income, because, as they thomselrcs say, ho would get nothing in return but n crop of lios. Tho Banians naturally work tho custom house #o as to screen their own slaving agents ? and so long as tiicy havo tho power to promote it, their atrocious system of slaving will never couse. For tho sake of lawftil commerce it would bo politio to insist that the Sultan's ravenuo by tlio custom-house should bo placod in tho hands of un Englishman or American morclmnt of knowu roputnlioii mid uprightness. By this arrangement tho Sultan would uo .largely bono- -fltctlj"logal"eonnnerco_woiilil'bc""oxnUcd"to_n position it hns novor hold since Banians and Moslems emi grated Into Eastern Africa, and Christianity, to which tho slavo trado is an insurmountable barrier, would (hut nn open door." ...... 