ORIGINAL CORREISPONDENOCE, TO TI. 0DIT1o OF1 'm1111 KIAMA INDlP.NDENT., Sn,-- By the lnast Indeipendent I saoo your onasual correspondent is doteormined to have his opinion mado absoluto upon my questions to the candidates at the nomination mooting held at Shollharbour, I am perfootly indiffeoront to thin: and as I am only a plain, outapokon man, my views upon the case, no a mattor of courao, canot ?Jar omparinson with those of your l correspondoent; thero. fore, with all onblo deference, I must submit to his ? ion nond overwhelming ravings about transpnront qulbbles, bush lawyers, live ghosts, and no forth,. ,As It is osettled by him that my quoestions uro refloations, I have only to anay that tho oounoil, contractor, and suporintendont of the MIinnamurra hridgo aro quito wol. como to wear what tlheoy havo won, But, sir, I am atill of opinion that a publio wrong cannot be juntiled under any ir. oumatanoos, it being so woll known to the council and otlhora that the bridge, no boing erooted from tlhe commoencomont, is quito contrary to tho plan and spooiflon. tion; consequontly, tho roflootions (if any) arm not without foundation. Youri onsuol oorrespondoent goon on to any that the most ohnritablo view to tako in thie mattor in that Georgo Rankin bolong a dinsappointod tondoror, lil imagination in ovoroloudod, and that ho i inaonpablo of rational notion whonovor it Is tho subject of his thoughts, Now, air, I distinctly nak you, who to a cor. lain extoant arc rooponoiblo for your anoualn correspondeont writing on this mattor, wliothor it in oharitablo of him to impugn the honooty of iiy mnotiveso and miake such ronarko abhout the state of sny mind ? I maintain that an a rntopayor (whiolh your onaunl correopondoent i| not), I hanvo ni undoubted right to oxproan my opin lons upon tho right or wrong an thle onto mny ho; and, mrore partinuilnrly no, nn thorn is a probability of mynolf, with the ratoplayorn in gonoral, holng liUnble to extra taxation, conmequlent on the inoom. polonoo and gross dorollotion of duty of the council. The caution of your casual corrdspondont to the public against placing relianceo upon rumours circulated by a disappointed tenderer as to the carrying out of the contract by thebo asuccessful com petitor, under all oircumstances and especially in the present instance is quite unoalled:for' inasmuoh as the public in. dignation meeting hebold a short time ago, fully represented the sentiments of the ratepayers at large; and as 'I presume that they have eyes, ears, and brains as well as your casual correspondent, they cannot, consequently, be ignorant of the proceeding in question. Your casual cot. respondent further remarks that be could prove by'a dozen witnesses, if necessary, that every word of the report he furnished you with-was substantially correct, how ever unpalatable itmight betot. R. and Co. Sir, that statement is substantially in correot; in fact, a self.evident untruth, however unpalatable itmay be to 0. 0. and Co., for the following reasons, viz.: first, your casual correspondent `was not present at the meeting, and cannot there. 'fore vouob for the accuracy of the report himself; secondly, there. were not more than fourteen present, including officials, and the majority of those present hold very` different views from those promul. gated by tile absent casual correspondent. Furthermore,,I can prove that his report from. beginning to end is onie aided, arid I might just mention that there was not any person taking notes. The production of your casual correspondent was partial in the extreme, doctoring up the speeches of his friends who were candidates, and suppressinig portions of the views delivered by one to whom O. O. and Co., were ad. versoe-in fact, perverting the meaning of the whole speech so as to render the speaker obnoxious to' certain ratopayers, and, if possible, Vrevett his return at the election. Sir, I ould\ust ic 0. O. when he scain aorta iolun casual correspondent tp gt(o '"ýan]?, d ima. partial report.- h.bt furn a respect. able and ind?of nt journ lwith news obtained senond.Iatd, I oh I take no further notice of your casual correspon. dent, unless ho comes forth under his own name--not that I care for myself, being fully aware of his identity, but that theb ratopayers and the ?piiiblio may form their own estimate of his motive and conduct. The foregoing, are my sentiments and opinions, and as I am not attached to any company I insist on rosnining as before, OEORGE RANKIN. Shollharbour, February 20, 1872, 