" LACTOMETER " WEST AGtAIN. TO THI EDITOR OF THE OIPPSLAND TIIMES. Sun.-I have read the correspondence is re Wost v. Williams, and it appears to me that the professor, like the Irtshman, cannot open his mouth without putting his foot in it. West tells us " hoe did his duty s Iho esaw his duty." How is it then with respect to Nlerry's milk, of which he made all sorts of complaints, except in the right quarter; no complaint was made in proper form to the gentle. man sho had charge of the shareholders' interests P Was that pony in his eye, and was it that which obscured his vision at the timeP But I understand this good man, who stands publicly charged with slander, deceit, and falsehood, is also a professor of another sort, and is ' a burning and a shining light" in some section or other of the Christian church. It would be rash in me to say to which, at present, for, if report speaks truly, it comes as easy to him to change his creed as his apron. It is just possible he would have become a spiritist by this time, and would have been transporting himself a I$ Mrs Guppy to those numerous localities, where, if you choose to believe him. people are waiting for himn-so renowned it he-to establish cheese factories, but for the probability of coming into dis agreeable contact with " Burke's Ghost." Indeed, one sentence of his that while he can make good cheese--he is quite un able to explain how he does it-is a candid adoaission that his brain is at times, at least. "deadened." Some time since a correspondent of your contemporary professed to become very indignant at the bare idea of any " landerers," or, indeed, any but the most virtuous persons, being residents of his district-Maffra, not Upper MAfafra. What will he say to West's caseP I wonder is he prepared to suffer a very small pecuniary loss (he is a shareholder in the factory) to purge l?ofafra of 1Vest's presence I If not, I ask him. would it not be the next best thing for him to use his influence with a certain parson and get West made an elder? I think he would pass with credit. From all that I have heard and read on both sides of this question, I think the inference to be drawn is that West has been treacherous without art, and a hypocrite without de ceiving any one, unless it be himself. He has not ventured to meet the "specific charges." He, too, perhaps, " treats with contempt," &e.;, or, peradventure, his prompter, engaged on another contribu tion to our " spontaneous literature," cannot find time just yet to assist Iim with a reply. But I think West is fairly "cornered." and that he lies on a bed of torture. If so, it is of his own making, snd I sincerely trust no one will disturb his repose. ANTI-HUDfBUG. UpTer Msaffra, Jan. 27th, 1872. 