v, ; AN INDIANA GHOST SHOT. (From the Lafayette Ind., Courier.) Botes the advent of tho Lafayette spooks, and the ghastly quadrille at tho scone of the railroad slaughter in Lauramie, tho people of Shelby township hare been in a high stato of excitement, all the more that Gporgo King, a reputable citizen, solemnly avers ho saw and talkod with Whito Wolf one :uight last winter on the banks of Pino Crock, between Mont morency and Oxford. It lins bcon noticed that pcoplo havo \te-vpeon about at night so much as usual, nnd thcjljtBLny that a leading physicinu of tho town, who io 'matrimonially inclined, nnd desperately enamored of nn ostimablo Indy in tho neighborhood, has. nlmost entirely difecon tinned evening visits to his charmer. He oonsolcs liimsclf with an afternoon coil, on an afternoon drivo, but never ventures out at night sinco the ghosts aro about. One night last weak the excitement culminated In tragedy, which, considered in the light of Us unfor tunate and fatal termination, is to be deeply regretted. A young man employed on tho farni of GeorgoW. Soalhwoxth had" been considerably excited about ghosts, and had very foolishly armed himself with d revolver. His sleeping dpartmiut was in an old shop about fifteen Tods south of tho honse. About mid night tlio sleeping inmatoB of the dwelling wore aroused by a pistol shot and loud cries for holp in tho dircetion of tho shop whero tho hired man slopt- Mingled with tho cry for help was tho moaning of somo poor creature- in agony. Mr. Southwortli hastened in that dircotiou and waB mot at tlio door by the hired mail, a picture of terror, who still had his pistol in hand, oookod and ready for niiothor shot. Mr. Sonthwortli ndvaiiood without hesitation nnd con fronting tho torror- striokoli man asked nil explan ation of tho shot and the disturbance. " I havo seen a ghost and shot it." was tlio rosponso. "Isaw'it through the window, and fired,,' ho continued. Mr. Southivorlh proourod n light, and pnssod' bohiud the liouso found tlio, npoturnal visitor shot through the back, and ovideutly-. dying. . It .was a. Greoly, calf, 1— , ;a gonuino Ohnppnqun short- shorn, sired liy. Colonel . Tenipolteii's : celebrated ,.- Deceiver''? ..(Jaok,> knpws '"Docoiver" is a short-horu, bocauso- liesuwod tlicin off diinisclf)..,. Sontliwoth vyds'perfeotly oprnged, and ', disehni'god the man the next .day, and liiado him pay Odoi. fftj-, tlie:onlf ! Hp . didhjt caire to have, a'spboldst shopting. around his lipusb iii tliqt 'sprtof ! style . Ho lias inado ijp.liis inind to vptb for Grooly. ahd, as, a ' Doiiibcrat, libs very 'little "to livo' for ; biit lie don't want to go in that way — at least until iiftor tlio; oloetion. Tho 'ghost-shboliiig at Southworth's is all itho talk iniSlielby. ; /!;' m ril 