R0BBISH MA? BE SrtOT HERE. Mobe Touches m the £ictohb op ,a Vagabond, DBAWS BT HIMBBIF. Between whiles, ana to sweeten the *' tots ' we toppled down our gullets, I related my adventures withW ? , greatly to the amusement of my boon companion, who got io much interested in the etory that I had the opportunity of asserting the superiority of my race by appropriating the largest ehare of the grog! m The nextday I got Cape to send two of hia men for my Cape, like many of his fellow chieftains on this coast, prided himself on being owner of a schooner. His craft was absent at this time, on a voyage to the capital, laden with produce, and was daily expected back with blankets, tobacco, and other trade. A email boat, belonging to this craft, was lying on the . beach, needing some trifling repairs. I ingratiated myself still more in the gool graces of my new friend and iolly companion by executing these repairs. At once I was pro nounced to be a ' Kai hanga kaipuke,' a famous ship builder. I ascended at once to a high place in general estimation. A ' runanga,' or council, was held, and it was unanimously agreed that I should remain, and commence building a vessel ! I was in for it now with a vengeance. I knew about as much of ship-building as the Irish labourer who carries the hod knows about planning the building he helps to ereot. But 1 was not the man to foul my own nest, or cry stink ing fish. So I succumbed to my fortune, and persuaded myself that I was a Mr. Laird out for an airing. A hut, not the worst of its kind, was allotted to me for a residence, and I took possession, a tenant at will. The next morning I was roused from sleep by the mea sured tread of many men. Looking out, I saw a lot of the inmates of the pan marching in procession, Indian file, every one bearing a basket of food, the rear being brought up by a coquettish-looking young woman with, blue lips. After they had ranged the baskets of potatoes, kumeras, corn, pumpkins, melons, and I know not what beside, in a line before the door of my hut, the leading man made a speech, emphasising his periods by taking a run and a jump, and slapping his thigh. I didn't take it down in shorthand at the time, as I had forgotten my Mavor, but I can recollect the subBtan.ce of it. 'Friend! Listen to me. I am a 'great man— jump. Very, very, very great— run and alap. Therefore great is my love to you— run, jump, slap ! My love to you is there (pointing to the baskets), and there is plenty more where they came from— and plenty of grog, too— alap. Now, be you kind to me, 0 my white friend. Let this be your dwelling place for ever and ever— jump, slap. When the vessel comes back Cape says you shall be the captain— run and jump. And we'll all go to Fiji, that beautiful land you told us about— slap, jump. And your Fiji servant shall go with us, and we will establish trade— jump. But we are all Karairia— believing Maeries here— slap, slap— and are married men. We should be ashamed for you to live unmarried— and so we have brought you a wife — a run and jump towards the coquettish-looking young woman with blue lips. This is all.' The orator oollapsed and squatted. Of course I made a suitable reply, minus the action, and so, according to wbat I used to read at Dr. Taylor's school at Dedham, about Demosthenes' answer to the question 'What is the chief quality in an orator,' I suppose the Maori must have the merit of being the best speaker. However, I accepted the baskets without demur, and said I would think about the other proposal of settling down and getting married, as, in my country, it was not usual to do euch tilings in a hurry, but meanwhile the coquettishlook ing young woman with blue lips might, if she chose, stay and breakfast with me. I remained here enjoying myself as best I could, some times visiting the straggling ' squires,' who were settledin the district ; some of these trading for flax, and others, like myself, pretending to build small craft. Sbip- buitding arrangements were very common in those days. Run away sailors who had seen ships on the stocks, and 'runaway soldiers who had not, and rovers of all kinds who knew as much about ship-building as I did, used to get the Maories in a 'string sheet,' — strike a bargain to be paid so much land, a house of such and such dimensions, and a wife to 'take care of it; two or three hundred baskets of flax, as many pigs and personal food as required for building a vessel. During the first three months they generally managed to lay the keel, and sometimes: by getting assist ance from a real carpenter, they actually managed to pat something together that would float. But it often happened that these quasi ship-builders tried the dodge so many times, and at so many different places— making tracks when they got into a fix — that their reputation preceded them, and the country became too hot to hold them. One morning, after I had bean here a few weeks, I was roused by a great howling and crying and lamenting — such cries and exclamations as can scarcely be imagined. On inquiring the cause of the hubbub, I was told that news had just arrived of the loss of Cape's schooner, and twenty Maories belonging to the tribe with her. This calamity, of course, baffled our Fiji project, and somewhat disconcerted me. It made me feel fidgety, because I knew that my ship building talents were not exactly so well defined as the Maories supposed them to be. I had serious thoughts of leaving while my fame was untarnished. But then, . where was I to go? and how was I to carry my chest P I was in difficulties either way ; so I made up my mind to stay where I was, and wait for something to turn up. Something did turn up in a day or two. I was roused one morning from a sound sleep — for we never locked onr doors in New Zealand— by a smart slap on that part of my person which had got exposed during the casualties of the night. It seems I was lying as they say the little pigs do. Starting up, I was confronted by a countryman, a total stranger. 'Hulloa, mate,' said he, 'aint it time to get up i'' ' WeU, I suppose it is,' returned I, ' but whe are you ? ' 'Oh, I'm nobody of any consequence, bnt being on my travels, and hearing you were riding at single anchor here, I thought 1 would just give you a look, and lend yon a hand to make tea.' ' Thank 'ee,' said I, springing out of the bunk, and beginning to dress. We soon had the kettle on, and before breakfast was fiD^pTird ?we were deep in each other's confidence. 1 his man had been in the country many years. He was going on a visit to Opotiki, and advised me to take the op portunity of telling Cape that I was his friend, and that I was going for a walk with him. ' For,' said he, ' if you openly talked about leaving, you'd find yourself in a kind of honourable captivity.' So it was agreed. After break fast I told Cape I was going to take a walk with my friend. He did not positively object, but I saw he did not half like it. On calling to the Fijian to come with me, Cape inter fered, eaying ' No, there are plenty of white men in the country, but no Fijians. I can t spare him. If you like I will buy him from you for ten fat hogs.' . I replied ' I dare not Bell a fellow creature, even though he is a nigger. The Governor would hang me if I did.' Finding Cape determined to detain my companion, as if he suspected what my taking a walk meant, I and my new chum started by ourselves, leaving the Fijian and my chest behind. After walking a few miles we came to a ferry. Here re sided an Englishman and an American negro. They did not live here simply to attend to the ferry, for that occupa tion alone would not have kept them in tea and sugar — the traffic was so limited. When I say ' tea and sugar,' I mean that among the New Zealand ' squires' these were the only consumable articles, excepting it may be a keg of rum now and then, that they were obliged, somehow or other, to find money to purchase or procure. I learned that this spot had been uninhabited until these men Bquatted themselves down. It is astonishing with what facility people get a house and a home in this country. Here were these two chaps, with a good large substantial strong building which answered all the purposes' of granary, dairy, and dwelling-house. Outside were almost innume rable quantities ef pigs, and ducks and fowls, and other kinds of farm-yard stock ; and as no lord of the manor troubled them, at present, they cultivated just as much land as they pleased. They kept about eight or ten dogs, and these, with their knives and guns, when they felt like hav ing a little recreation, enabled them to hunt wild pigs. This u not only an amusing, but exciting sport, sometimes attended with great danger, but generally with much profit They told us they sometimes killed as many as twenty wild pigs in the course of a day. They always carried needles and narrow ribbon for ae wing up the dogs' wounds, as it frequently happened mat two or three of them were ripped np, or otherwise badly hurt by the boars' tasks. They had otten, they said, replaced the entrails of a dog, and sewn him up, so as to make a perfect cure. They seemed to be passionately fond of the game, and one of them, the Eng lishman, related some wonderful stories of his exploits. ' If b noble sport,' said he, ' but rather ticklish at times. Sometimes an old boar, when he is completely surrounded, will stand at bay. He rips op one or two of the dogs, and you can't use the gun for fear of shooting some of them, who are round him. The plan is to go near enough to make him chase yon. But you must look out, and have a tree in your eye. When you have drawn him out, so as to alter his position, and can get a fair aim, if s eoon settled. Bat yoa can't always do that. The only chance then is to cat and ran, and take to the tree. Then the fight begins in earnest; the old boar iB exasperated. What yon have to do is to watch your chance to drop down and finish him with the knife. I've sometimes been half-way down, bat have been obliged to scramble back again, as the old beggar had his eye on me — an eye like fire. Bat it mast be done, or yon wUl lose all the dogs. So down I goes, with my knife in my right hand. The boar comes at me, and this gives a chance to two of the dogs to fix on hi ears. I watch his eye, and double at every move, now jumping here, now there, for he disregards the dogs and is bent on scoring me. But by practice I am as agile as a cat. Before long I get a chance and plunge the knife into his side. Another, and another stab — the dogs helping all the while —until the monster rolls over gnashing bis teeth, and after a hard struggle gives up the ghost.' 