Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XXIV. FRANK SHOUTER'S SIMPLE STORY THAT HE WANTED EVERYBODY TO HEAR. ONE evening Ben was hastening towards Smith- street to attend a musical soirée in a schoolroom there. His anticipations of a pleasant evening were heightened by the knowledge that his charming Annie was to sing "Consider the lilies, how they grow!" The hope, too, that he would have the honour of escorting her home after the entertainment was over no doubt increased his happy feeling. He was walking along with quicker pace than usual, for he was afraid of losing his chance of getting a good seat, when he was startled by a hail from a well-known voice, "Shipmate, ahoy!" and at the same moment he saw his old friend, Frank Shouter, hurrying across the roadway to meet him. It was a joyful surprise to Ben, and the greeting between the two friends was a cordial one. "Ha, ha, ha!" laughed Frank, while he shook Ben's hand vehemently, "I was certain I should find you in this locality, Ben; and so I told your dear old granny when she was fearing you were drowned again. Love has a wonderfully attractive power— beats the polar influence all to sticks, ha, ha! I hope Miss Annie and her mother are hearty, Ben. I am steering for their house, so 'bout ship and go with me, unless you have some urgent business on hand, which I should guess you have by the pace you were going when I hailed you." Ben briefly explained the errand he was upon, but added, "I must give up the soiree, Frank, tor I am anxious to hear all the news you have got in your budget." On their way to Mrs. Blake's house, Ben learned that Frank had arrived that day in the London, steamer; that he had passed his examination and got a chief mate's certificate; but being desirous of getting out to Melbourne to meet Ben, he had declined the post of chief mate in a barque trading to the Baltic, which he was offered through the influence of Mr. Mead, and had accepted a second mate's berth on board the London. Mrs. Blake was both surprised and delighted to see Frank, and Ben was highly amused at the varied moods of the excited old lady, while Frank described his visit to her native village, and his interviews with many of her dear relatives and friends; and he was equally pleased at the patient good nature of the old sailor in replying to the multiplicity of simple ques- tions which she put to him. Although Ben was very desirous of asking Frank about important matters affecting their mutual interest, he did not interrupt the colloquy until Mrs. Blake had made all the inqui- ries she could think of, and then, at Ben's suggestion, Frank adjourned with him to their bedroom to chat over their private affairs. It appeared, from Frank's statement that he had stayed at Newby Hall longer than he expected to do in consequence of an accident which befel Mrs. Mar- shall and her granddaughter. They were going to London on the day that Frank intended to return, and had got into their carriage to ride to the railway sta- tion, when the horses became restive, and the coach- man was unable to control them. They galloped off down thee avenue of oaks, and brought the carriage in violent contact with one of the posts of the lodge gates. The ladies were thrown out, and it was found that Mrs. Marshall had sustained a compound fracture of her right leg, and Miss Marshall was badly bruised. They were taken back to the house and medical aid was sent for. Frank had remained at the hall until the doctor pronounced both ladies out of danger, and then he returned to London and learnt the startling news of Ben's mysterious depar- ture. "So you see, Ben," added Frank, as a wind- up to his summary of exciting news, "I saw enough mishaps in one week to give me a shaking if I were one of the nervous sort." "I suppose you found my darling old granny in great trouble, Frank?" "I did so, boy. Poor old soul! Some of her loving neighbours had been trying to persuade her that you had jumped off London Bridge with your pockets full of pebble stones, and for an hour or more she would not be comforted by anything I could say to her, but after a while she got better. I lodged with her up to the time that I joined my ship, and before I left she was as cheerful as a bird; for I had persuaded her that you were in good quarters (I was sure you were here), and that she would soon hear from you again, and perhaps you would make a for- tune in Melbourne. That roused her up wonderfully, and she said she was glad you were gone away, for you were too high spirited for the people in that street, and you never could have lived in peace there. I believe that too, Ben, and I think you were lucky that you got away with a whole scalp." "Granny has got my letter by this time, and that will set her mind at rest concerning me. It is indeed fortunate for me that I left Hackney, Frank. I am not like the same man now. I am happy and cheer- ful, and never had better health in my life. Granny will be delighted when she knows this, for she is truly solicitous for my welfare, and it is only her extreme love for me that makes her at times seem selfish. I am very sorry for the mishap which Mrs. Marshall and her granddaughter met with." "Yes, poor things! so am I sorry for it; and I would willingly bear half their breakages and bruises if it were possible. They were both of them mighty anxious to see you, Ben, and they were going to London for the very purpose when they got capsized out of their coach." "I am grieved that I omitted to write and acknow- ledge Mrs. Marshall's kind note, and the bank draft that she sent me: but the fact is, Frank, I was not in my right senses during the time I was in England, and I was more fit to be in a lunatic asylum than to be at large. I shall never forget the misery I endured in those few weeks, and I ought to have had medical treatment. However, I am all right now: the voyage out here has put me to rights. I suppose Mrs. Mar- shall was coming to London to see what had become of her letter and the money?" "I shouldn't wonder, Ben; though she did not say much to me about it." "Did you tell her that my grandmother was living in London, Frank?" "No, I did not, boy; for I did not want you to be caught out in a lie through anything I said; nor I did not say your friends lived in Australia neither. I told her that we both lodged together with an old lady at No. 20, Back-street, Hackney, and as she did not ask me the old lady's name, I did not tell it. I thought she would soon find that out when she went there. You ought to write to her, Ben, and tell her that you got the money all right. It would be only common manners, you know; and she is certainly the kindest lady of a high class that I ever had the good luck to meet with." "I am ashamed of myself for neglecting to write, Frank, but it is never too late to do what is right and proper; I will write to her by the next mail. Now don't say any more about it, for it makes me vexed with myself. How well you are looking, Frank! I remarked at first sight that I never saw you looking so healthy before." "I am right hearty, thank God. I know what you mean by that quizzical glance into my eyes, Ben. They look clear and sober, don't they?" "Yes, they do, Frank; and I need not ask you if you have kept stanch to the temperance flag. I am sure you have done so." "You are right, boy. Not a sip of strong stuff has entered my lips since you have known me; it will be satisfactory for you to know that, Ben. I have con- quered the drinking devil—regularly got him under my heels, and I will keep him there by the help of God. Listen, and I will tell you my yarn, and I wish I could tell it in the hearing of all the poor unhappy drunkards in the land, and perhaps it would help some of them to shuffle off their shackles and be free men, as I am this moment—thank God for it." Ben said a few encouraging words, and then Frank begun to tell how he had conquered his long-indulged and insatiate thirst for strong drink: "You know, Ben, I promised you that I would not taste, touch, nor smell grog for six months. I kept my promise—aye, I would have suffered death sooner than break it; but I had made up my mind to have a jolly sheavo, and treat resolution, as the saying is, as soon as the time had expired. You had left England, you know, so I had not got you to clutch hold of my arm and drag me from my purpose as you did once before in Melbourne. The evening that my time was up I was taking a hard lesson in trignometry from Captain Harden, and when it was over I said, 'Now, skipper, I am going to give you a treat to-night, so stand by for it. You cannot move out of doors with your crippled feet, so I will fetch home a gallon of rum, and we will have a jolly night of it. You have been very kind in teaching me, and have had lots of patience with me, and have got me on much faster than I expected; now we will have a spree together on the strength of it.' My eye, Ben! You should have seen how the old chap stared at me! I shall never forget it, and he said in his quiet way, 'I am obliged to you, Frank, for I know you mean kindly; but I have not tasted grog for twenty years, and I never mean to taste it again while I breathe.[ "'Hi, hi! You are an out-and-out temperance man, Captain. I did not know that before,' said I; so then he up and told me a long yam, how, that when he was mate of a collier brig out of North Shields, he was drunk on his watch one night, and run down a Dutch schooner, and drowned all hands except a cabin boy. He got out of the scrape all right, as far as the law went, for all his crew swore he was sober and that the weather was foggy; but he could not get cleared by his own conscience, and the ghosts of the seven Dutch sailors used to haunt him every time he got drunk. To get rid of the ghosts, he made up his mind to give up grog altogether. He swore against it, but he broke his oath in three days. Then he swore again, and vowed if he touched grog for six months he would chop his little fingers off. He broke that oath in a fortnight, but he had not the heart to chop off his little fingers. Some time after- wards he swore the third time—a horrible oath—and said if he broke it be hoped God would send him to hell that minute. He thought that would certainly scare him off the grog, but it did not, for in less than a month he broke that vow, and was blind drunk for ten days. Then delirium tremens set in, as they usually do after such a bout as that, and he cut his throat—but not quite deep enough to kill himself. He was carried to the hospital, and there he lay for three months. During that time a city missionary went to see him very often and he showed him the right way to go to work to conquer the drinking devil; and from that time, said he 'John Harden has never let grog pass through his lips.'" "What plan did he take to conquer the habit so tho- roughly?" asked Ben, who was much interested at Frank's recital. "I am going to tell you, Ben. The city missionary knew all about poor Harden's ups and downs, and his fruitless attempts to cure his grog-thirstiness by cursing himself body and soul, and he said to him kindly: 'It is no use trying to conquer the drinking fiend in your own strength, Captain. An infant might as well try to grapple with a lion.' 'I know it, sir,' said poor Harden, weeping, for he was com- pletely knocked down, you know, Ben. 'There is only one way that you can conquer him; shall I tell it you?' said the missionary. 'O yes, do sir—pray do; for I am among the breakers of ruin. I have asked God to damn my soul, and I am afraid he will do it. If there is any channel for me to get out by, do pray show it me.' Then the missionary out with his Bible, and read a lot out of it. I cannot remember it all, but part of it was about Jesus Christ putting out his hand and catching hold of a poor fellow named Peter as he was sinking in the sea. 'O, I wish Christ would put out his almighty hand, and catch hold of me, for I am sinking into hell,' cried poor Harden. 'Well, ask Him to do it,' said the mis- sionary. 'How shall I ask him, sir? I never prayed in my life.' 'Begin to pray now, then, Captain— 'Ask and ye shall receive.' Those are Christ's own words.' So poor Harden went down on his knees, and prayed like a fellow overboard crying out for a life line. He asked for pardon for all his past sins, and for strength to resist sin in time to come; and especially for help to resist the awful temptation of drunkenness. His language was simple, but he was in earnest—that was the main thing, and the missionary, who knelt beside him, looked as pleased as if he had saved a whole ship's crew from drowning. 'Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved,' said the missionary, with his finger on the passage in his Bible. 'Yes, I do believe in him,' cried poor Harden, and just then, he said, a load of misery as heavy as a hedge anchor seemed to slip from his heart, and he felt as happy as a saint. 'From that blessed time to the present,' said the captain, 'I have never tasted grog. That is the way I con- quered the drinking fiend, and depend upon it, Frank, there is no other effectual way to do it. Nothing but God's grace will enable a man to conquer sin in any shape.' "It seems very wonderful to me, Captain, said I; but did you never feel a craving desire for a tot—a sort of feeling as if a thousand young shrimps were clawing away at your vitals, and would not be easy till you had swallowed something strong." "'I know the feeling you try to describe,' said he; 'I have felt it often and often—indeed I feel it to this day; but it has never mastered me, because I always resisted it at once, and I keep a careful watch on myself. If I am alone when the temptation comes I sometimes pray aloud for help; but if any one is near who would perhaps be inclined to mock me, I merely say in the softest whisper, 'Jesus, help me!' and I seem to have strength to stand against the temptation immediately. It is a mighty power, Frank,' said he, 'and so amazingly easy of attainment that the simplest soul in the world may have it, if he will only believe in Christ, as I did—as I do, I should say, for faith in Christ is my sheet anchor, Frank, and I know it will hold me in the hardest hurricane than can blow over me in life's roadstead, and it will sustain me when surrounded by the surging rollers of death." "That was the captain's yarn, Ben; and it was a happy thing for me that I heard him tell it in his simple way," continued Frank, with earnestness. "Poor old Harden, with his frost-bitten toes and his poverty, but for all that looking as glad as an arch- bishop—I shall never forget him. He taught me the way to navigate a ship, but better than that he taught me the way to heaven. I went to work exactly as he did, and with much the same result, though I had to pray a little longer than he did, because I had not so much simple faith as he had. I am now a free man, Ben, but I don't stand up in my own strength, for of myself I can do nothing. No, no; I would not trust myself for a single minute; but I have an almighty Friend always close at hand when I call upon him, and I know I am safe so long as I trust wholly and solely on Him. I solemnly promised, that if God would give me the power, I would henceforward, as long as I live, renounce strong drink, which had been the curse of my life. I have looked to the right source for help against my foe, and I have received it from day to day. And I firmly believe that Divine power is the only thing that can cure drunkenness or any other deadly sin that claws to human nature. I could now stand on the deck of a sinking ship free from the fear of sinking into hell (if could not wholly conquer a creeping dread of the cold waters of death), because I have a firm trust in Christ. I heartily wish every seaman and every landsman in this world could say as much as that, Ben. I have told this story to you in my own plain way, and I have no fear that you will call it 'cant,' as some folks might do, for you know very well, Ben, that there is no sham about old Frank Shouter." CHAPTER XXV. STARTLING NEWS FOR BEN AND ANOTHER VOYAGE HOME. ONE morning Ben started from his lodgings at the usual hour to go to his work, but when he reached Flinders-lane he found that the paper box factory had been burned down during the night. He learnt from his employer that it would probably be a fort- night before his services would be required again, so he determined he would take that opportunity to visit some of the gold-fields of Victoria, of which he had heard and read so much. He would gladly have had the company of his friend Frank, but he could not leave his ship. Ben's arrangements were soon com- pleted, and that afternoon he started by steamboat for Geelong. The next day he went on by railway to Ballarat, where he stayed three days. Through the courtesy of one of the mining managers, he was enabled to inspect some of the deep sinkings, and saw more of gold mining than had been "dreamt of in his philosophy," and he decided that there was less romance in the operations than he had previously imagined. From Ballarat he went on by coach to Dalesford, and thence to Glenlyon, on his way to Castlemaine. There he was detained for two days by wet weather, and was unable to visit the Mount Franklin diggings, as he had in- tended to do. He was about to start from the inn, at which he was located, for Guildtord, when to his surpise, he was accosted by Mr. Sharp, Mr. Black- stone's confidential clerk. "I have found you at last, after three days' hunting for you, Mr. Bruce," said Mr. Sharp, who looked as if he had had a wearisome chase after something. "I have an important message for you from Mr. Blackstone. He is very anxious to see you as soon as possible, and requests that you will return with me to Melbourne without delay." "What can Mr. Blackstone want with me?" asked Ben. with a slight trepidation, which many other persons have shown on receiving a sudden message from a lawyer. "I am not at liberty to explain the nature of Mr. Biackstone's business with you Mr. Bruce ; but he is very desirous of seeing you at once." "I intend to go to Castlemaine and Sandhurst, and then I shall return to Melbourne direct, perhaps on Saturday." "Then you could not see Mr. Blackstone till Monday, and the English mail will leave on Sunday. You had better return with me at once, Mr. Bruce." Ben's uneasiness increased as he tried to surmise the object of Mr. Blackstone in sending a special messenger after him. Had his sudden departure from Melbourne, on the day after the fire at the factory, given rise to any damaging suspicions? Impossible! that could not be, only a madman would bum his own breadbasket. After cogitating over many other suggestions of his fertile fancy, with no satisfactory result, Ben said to Mr. Sharp, "Can you give me an idea of the nature of Mr. Blackstone's business with me?" "All I can tell you, Sir, is that he received a com- munication of a private nature by the last mail, from Mrs. Marshall, of Newby Hall." "Oho! That's it, is it? Yes, yes, I understand it all now. I can explain that matter in a few minutes, Mr, Sharp," said Ben, with much excitement, for he concluded that the purport of Mrs. Marshall's com- munication was respecting the bank draft, which he had omitted to acknowledge. He forthwith entered into a lengthy explanation of the affair to Mr. Sharp, and asked him to explain it to his employer. "Your statement is as clear as daylight to my mind, Mr. Bruce; but I wish you to come back with me and see Mr. Blackstone. To tell you the truth, Sir, I don't like to go back without you." After a little more consideration, Ben concluded that, as he could not expect much pleasure in his contem- plated tour to Bendigo, with his mind in a state of perplexity, he would return to Melbourne with Mr. Sharp. Accordingly they got a conveyance to Kyne- ton, and thence by railway to Melbourne. Mr. Sharp was very pressing for Ben to go straightway to Mr. Blackstone's private house, as it was past office hours, but Ben positively declined; he promised, however, that he would call at the office at 10 o'clock the next morning. Punctually to a minute, Ben entered Mr. Black- stone's private office on the following morning. That gentleman received him with marked courtesy, and placed a chair for him by the side of his office table. After complimenting him on his healthful appearance, Mr. Blackstone remarked, "I have had a communi- cation by last mail from Mrs. Marshall, and I wish to confer with you thereupon, Mr. Bruce." "Yes, Sir; Mr. Sharp told me as much; and I ex- plained to him the full particulars of that unfortunate omission of mine. I regret it very much, for-----" "Pardon me, my dear Sir, for interrupting you; but that is not the purport of Mrs. Marshall's advices to me—in fact, she did not mention that little circum- stance. Mrs. Marshall is very desirous of seeing you for certain private reasons. At the date of her letter she was confined to her bed with a fractured limb, and it was very doubtful if she would ever rise from her bed again. She had learned with regret that you had left England, and having some reason for the belief that you were in this city, she wrote to me to endea- vour to find you out and prevail upon you to return to England without delay." "That is impossible, Sir," said Ben, unhesitatingly. "Why so, Sir, may I ask?" and Mr. Blackstone smiled persuasively. "Well, Sir; in the first place, I have permanent employment in Melbourne which I am not willing to give up; and other considerations induce me to stay here. Besides, I have not the means of travelling to England, it I wished to go." "I have an authority from Mrs. Marshall to supply you with necessary funds, Mr. Bruce—in short, I may as well tell you, I have a letter of credit on Messrs. Coutts's bank for £500, which is at your service, pro- vided you start at once." Ben opened his eyes very widely at that unexpected announcement, and he asked, with unfeigned surprise, "What in the world can Mrs. Marshall want me for?" "That I cannot tell you, Sir; but it is clear to me that she is very anxious to see you. I think it is likely she may wish to ask you some important ques- tions respecting her late unfortunate son." "I hope you will forgive me for asking the question, Sir; but do you think from the character of Mrs. Marshall's letter to you, that she is quite right—I mean, is she sane?" "Undoubtedly, Sir. No question of the fact. If you will allow me to offer a little calm advice, Mr. Bruce, as you are, naturally enough, excited at this disclo- sure; I would suggest that you start for England by the overland route. The mail steamer will leave this port the day after to-morrow." "Impossible, Sir, I cannot go so soon," said Ben, and the idea of leaving his beloved Annie seemed to rise up as an insuperable barrier to his going at any time. "You must give me a few hours to consider this important matter, and to consult my friends before I decide." "O, certainly, Mr. Bruce; by all means. I don't wish you to act with undue precipitancy. Suppose you call here again at 3 o'clock this afternoon; or, I will wait upon you if more convenient to you." "Don't trouble yourself to call upon me, Sir. I will be here again at 3 o'clock," said Ben, and he rose up to go. "O, by the way, can you give me any particulars of your parentage—or—that is to say, can you furnish me with a copy of the baptismal register of your father and mother? I was almost forgetting to ask you." "No, I cannot, Mr. Blackstone," said Ben, some- what haughtily; "and I do not see what use such documents would be to you, if I could supply them." "Pardon me, my dear Sir; it was merely a pre- cautionary measure, to insure identity; but it is of no consequence. I am convinced that you are the gentleman I am instructed to treat with. It is all right, Mr. Bruce; don't let that disturb you. Three o'clock this afternoon—very good, Sir. Good morn- ing." Ben left the office in a state of nervous tumult. He hailed a cab, and told the driver to take him to Carlton, but when about half- way there he changed his mind, and told the man to drive to the Flinder's-street railway station. There he took the mid-day train for Sandridge, and went directly on board the London, to consult with his friend Frank. It fortunately happened that he was not very busy, so he took Ben into a little cabin on deck, and there listened with astonishment to his exciting disclosure. "My dream is partly out, Ben; I forgot to tell you before, but I dreamt one night on the voyage out here that I saw you and Mrs. Marshall, and poor Dumby in the great room at Newby Hall, and she was trying on to you a suit of Dumby's clothes that were covered all over with the mould. I wonder if that dream is worth anything? The blue mould means money, Ben, if it means anything at all." "This is a very strange affair altogether, Frank. It puzzles me to make it out; and the more I think of it the more bewildered I get." "It is plain enough to me, Ben, that the old lady is very fond of you; and perhaps she is going to give you something handsome for your service to her rattle- brained son. Her butler told me that she has more money than she knows what to do with; so perhaps she is going to ask you to spend a lot of it for her. What do you mean to do, boy?" "I am sure I don't know, Frank. What would you do, if you were me?" "I would go and see the old lady, to be sure. The £500 she has sent out will pay your expenses home and out again, and leave you twice as much as you would earn in that time at box- making—even if she does not give you any more. I wish I had such a chance, Ben; I'd off like a sky-rocket." "The lawyer wants me to start by the Suez mail on Sunday next, Frank." "My eye! he is in a precious hurry to get rid of you. Lawyers are not often so mighty smart over their little jobs. What will Annie and her mother say to it, eh, Ben?" "That is what I am most concerned about, Frank. I wish I could get married, and take Annie with me." Ha, ha! that would be nice, wouldn't it? You would have honey-moon all the way home. It strikes me, Ben, if Annie knew of that handsome lassie at Newby Hall she would not like you to go home single lest she should lose you altogether. You must take care of your heart, Ben, if you do go alone." "No fear of that, Frank. I am under engage- ment to Annie Blake, and that is almost as binding with me as matrimony. Besides, Edith Marshall is many grades above my social level. I am not so ambitious as you suppose." "Don't look so serious, boy; I was only joking. Of course, an engagement should be kept sacred; but it is often broken for all that. I have no fear of your doing anything dishonourable, Ben. What do you say to going back in this ship? She will sail in about twelve days. "A capital idea, Frank: the very thing. She is a good ship, I think." "Yes, she is good enough for cabin passengers, but not a very comfortable ship for the hands forward, too wet, Ben—that is the worst fault I find with her. She is a fast ship, and is well officered, though I say it myself." A lengthy discussion ensued, which I need not detail. When Ben left the ship he went straightway to Mr. Blackstone's office, and told that gentleman that he had decided to go to England in the London, steamer. The lawyer used all his logic to induce Ben to go in the mail steamer, but without effect; so he at length acquiesced in the plan, and told Ben that he was at liberty to draw the £500, or any part of it, whenever he pleased, upon signing an acknow- ledgment for the same. That evening there was a tender scene between Ben and Annie. The unexpected news ot his speedy de- parture from the colony was a shock to her, which she did not strive to conceal. Her affection for him had been of a modest, undemonstrable kind, though not less deep, but the prospect of so soon parting with him was a test which fully proved to Ben the warmth of her attachment. He tenderly proposed that she should accompany him as his wife, but she showed such sensible reasons why she could not do so that he forbore to press it, and they again mutu- ally exchanged vows of unwavering fealty, and of course agreed to correspond by each mail. Mrs. Blake was also much concerned at Ben's contem- plated departure. She had learned a good deal from Frank of Mrs. Marshall's kindness of disposition, and argued therefrom that she was desirous of showing her gratitude to Ben for his attention to her wander- ing son. "It is exactly what I should do myself," reasoned Mrs. Blake; "if I were rich, and any one who was poor had shown kindness to a child of mine, I should reward him liberally." Of course she had seen more of the world than her daughter had, and she knew the dangerous influence which money some- times exerts on some minds, and her maternal fears suggested that if Ben got even moderately wealthy he might look for a wife in a higher social circle than her poor Annie moved in. Those and other natural fears disturbed her mind, but she did not whisper them to Annie, whose confidence in her lover was as firm as her confidence in her devoted mother. I might fill a chapter with the loving experience of Ben and Annie for the few days prior to his depar- ture, but as I wish to keep my story within certain limits I must forego those gushing descriptions. Some of my young readers will, I dare say, be able to imagine the tender scenes in Mrs. Blake's front par- lour belter than I can describe them. 