The question of cetaing work in the mines at six o’clock oh Saturday evening isone which is of great interest to the miners of this dis trict, and one which is sure to arise during a time of political activity. One of the mem bers for Ballarat West has already discovered that this is a very good. cry, whilst the miners are eager to give him support in a Cause Which so closely affects themselves. As our readers know, we pointed out at the outset that the Labor Bill would not pass. The Legis lative Council complained very properly that the Assembly bade for popularity by passing what may be called bunkum bills, and left the Council to do the work of rejection which should have been done by the Assembly itself. We think that it is, high time that the miners ceased to allow themselves to be de luded by sham attempts at legislation, and that they ceased to trust in vague promises which entail no responsibility, and do not help at all in the ■ real work-of benefiting those to. whom they are made. Were we to publish a list of things which candidates have promised at election times, our readers would find that nearly all the ills of the flesh were to be cured, and they would also know that those ills remain as numerous and as unpleasant as they were before. It is needless to point out that those who promise most do not work most. We, need not, at this time of day, take the trouble to prove that the most useful member • is ■ he- Who ' is chary of his profes sions, and who has' the courage to say no rather than agree to what he thinks to be un wise, or sees to be impracticable. In regard to the proposed alteration in the hours of labor, a very little reflection will show that it must, to be of any real benefit, be brought about by private arrangement, and not by legislation. If the legislation sought Was obtained, it would entail two hardships—one upon the co-opera tive miners," who are growing more numerous in this district every month, and one upon the wages-men. The law, to be effective, must compel the stoppage of, all work all over the colony at the hour named; so that co- operative parties would be liable, to penalties; and it would cause-a decline of wages, unless the miners are strong enough without legislation to obtain what they, require. The miners may depend upon it that the companies would seek to evade , the law by all the means in their power, because they would feel that they had been coerced, and a struggle would probably arise which' would be very hurtful to the Working-men. Such a course as this, seems to us to be not only a bad one, but onb .which does not lead .to the end proposed;!- In'the first place, the legislation required is hot likely to be obtained, for if there was the least chance of its being accepted by the 'Council, it would not be passed by the Assembly, .-so that the claims may be worked out whilst the miners are waiting for this help. On the-other hand,' if the miners’ case is a good one, and we believe it to be so, they will have only them selves to blame if they do not get what they desire before many .months. They aver that the. hours of work can be ■ altered 1 as they desire without loss to the companies. They say that they will give as much work as before, and so be entitled to the ‘same amount of wages. They have repeatedly stated that the existing system is not necessary to econo mical work, and that they can prove it. Their proper conrseis, then, to make their case public, to prove what they assert, and to ask the com panies to grant what they desire. We do not think that the directors will be found to be so selfish or so foolish as to refuse , a gain to the men which is no loss to themselves, though we do not expect that the companies will move in the matter unless they are asked to do so. Has any single company been requested to try * the new system 1 Have the workmen in any. one claim joined together to represent their case fully and fairly to the directors, and ask for the change which is so much desired ? As far. as we know, no.attempt has been made to get by private negotiation the relief sought, so that no one has a. right to say that the directors are indisposed to yield in the matter. The whole business turns upon the question as to the quantity of work which would be done under the new system. If the men are right, and can and will give as much work under the proposed arrangement as under the present, we believe that they might get their hours changed within a month. If, however, they are not prepared to give the same quantity of work, legislation can do them little good. The companies have a tendency to lower wages, and miners may depend upon it that they will not get for long a practical increase in their earnings at the expense of the companies, no matter how much legislation .there may be upon the subject. We think that the business can so be arranged as to show the companies that the change will be no loss to them, and it appears to us to be the duty of the miners to manage their own affairs as other working-men do. The printerSj the bricklayers, the carpenters, the masons, and nearly all other workmen have an organisation to deal with these ques tions of time and wages; the miners alone are unorganised, and expect the Legislature to do for them more than for any other branch of industry. We. suggest to them to' organise their forces and put their case before the world. If that case is a good one, as it seems to us to be; if they can. show, as they say, that they will give the same work ; then there is no reason why they should not get what they ardently desire. The business is in their own hands. Of course, if they prefer to have their ears tickled with fine speeches to doing prac tical work, they will go on cheering and hold ing up their hands at public meetings, but if they mean to gain a practical benefit they will follow the example of other trades, and make an effort to get what they believe to be a right. We do not think that there are many (Sffi culties in the way, save only such as arise from the extraordinary want of united action on the part of a body of men who have good reasons for a compact union. A Melbouene paper has discovered that the conjunction of Messrs Gillies, Bent, and W. C. Smith at a tea meeting portends danger to the Ministry. Had that paper only known that Mr W. Clarke, M.L. A, more popularly known as Bogus, was also present on that occasion of strong tea and weak speeches, it might have seen still greater and more terrible signs , and portents of a coming danger. We confess, however, that we saw none. If the Ministry is in danger, through a new conjunction of parliamentary staris of various magnitudes, it has not yet found a Calphumia : to re late to it what she related unto Caesar. No lion whelped in the Alfred Hall, or in the streets adjacent “ The noise of battle” did not hurtle in the air,” but there was, on the con ary, a placidity which was immovable by or dinary appeals. Truly the ghosts of certain long dead quarrelsdid “shriek and squeal about’ toe place, but they Lad not the virtue of the Spiritist rap, and could not move the audience or toe tables at which .they, sat. . The: political Sidrophels tried hard, but could ! see --nothing There was,npt even “a comet, and without a beard” to alarm or amuse them, and the young ladies in eager Waiting fot the dance calmly listened* and no doubt marvelled greatly at wliat they heard. So far as the meeting at the Alfred Hall goes, the Ministry is quite safe. iThere ' ,yras, in fact, tno I. demonstration’, against"? it. Even the. forator i; , ; of the evening, as the American; pagers have it, carefully hedged, and only threatened ■ opposition in case he should find the Ministry very obdurate This being interpreted means —nothing"' The orator was not there to make ot mar the Ministry, but for quite another' purpose, which may be discovered by those who take the trouble to read what was spoken. Is it necessary to say that the whole business as a political demonstration meant nothing! The few voters who were present were not opposed to the Ministry, did not cheer the' attacks, such as they were, made upon it, but just took the whole thing as the usual sort of long-vacation demonstration,, to enable an honorable member to keep his merits before his constituents, Nor is it fair to the other members present to make them responsible for what Mr Smith said. They went to see and be seen, to hear but pot to be heard, and they can hardly be held to be accountable for what Mr Smith deemed it desirable or politic: to say. In short, there was nothing ■in it. There was no demonstration of any kind, and, certainly, none against the Ministry., So, ..if . any . supporter of the Ministry has been alarmed, let him be reassured and look to the “ banquets” announced, rather than to a tea meeting which, is past' and already almost forgotten. 