TOWN TALK. Now that every one has shaken hands all round, and ' done the mutual congratulation business over th« baptism in champagne of the new great connecting link, the cable, it is to be hoped that useful institution ' will be allowed toVlo its work in Ihn silence that it lores. ', Lake most great doers, the telegraph is a quiet worker, and, with* more to say than most people, says it in the fewest words. The late hubbub «f voioeB sad clinking of glasses must have seemed strange waste of power and time to the subtle essence that girdles the earth almost before the champagne poured in its honour had time to get flat. Contrast, too, the laboured oratory f the dinner-table with the neat little speeches flashed us from the ends of the earth, and say whether it would not be as well to make the telegraph our sole taucer— at amy rate at puBiic owners. There was considerable family resemblance between the various congratulatory messages from 'foreign parts,' but that perhaps was to be expected; and there seems to have been some little dis proportion in the honours awarded, but that, perhaps, was to be expected too. No one will begrudge South Australia her Benjamin's share of the honour and glory, though perhaps there was just a little sharp prac tice in the early stages of her great enterprise ; but why a 'political accident' like the South Australian Chief Sepjwtnrr. Mr. Avers, who ha.d'little or nothing to do with the great work, should be made a Knight of the colonial order, while Mr. Todd, who did it, has to be content with the milder dignity of Commander, can b» accounted, for only on the old principle, that ' the soldier wins the battle but the igeneral the day,' and that, too, even when be only happens to come in, as Mr. Ayera did, at the finish. ' Punch Staff Papara,' after a somewhat long in cnbation, came abroad yesterday in 'fall the glories of blue and gold. Externally and internally also, as far as type, paper, and illustrations go, it. is one of the best specimens we have awn of the colonial Press. What it nay be in a literary sense we must leave for the critics t» say. The list of contributors is long, and we notice, with the exception of a posthumous paper by the late Mr. Deniehy, does not include the name of a single Punch contributor in what, it is no reflection on the present staff to call th« palmy days of that periodical. The old original Punch staff an scattered to the four winds, 'dead, missing, or spliced, or sacked.' As Punch himself said of them the other day, mourning, ar at any rate recalling the ' men that wflre,' Some flit like ghosts thro' King-street's shade. Some haunt tbe Morrumbtdgee : And some at Haslem's Creek are laid, And'some nave lays at Fiji. But what then P Are there not as good fish, &c.; ? and there is one thing that the old staff were never caught doing — giving the public a gorgeous volume of ' Punch Staff Papers.' From a hasty glance at the contents, we should say there was no lackat any rate of infinite variety 'from grave to gay, from lively to severe,' (there is a paper on the 'Uses of Criticism,') to suit all tastes, while there can be no sort of doubt as to the book being in the language sf the trade *' admirably adapted to adorn every drawing-room table.' A melancholy but too common phrase of ' colonial experience' turned npat Darlinghurst yesterday, when the astrologer Hassan Bradstreet, convicted of ' obtain ing money under false pretences,' was brought np for sentence. Having told many fortunes the luckless Hassan— ' Hassan' doubtless to give him the fall Eastern flavour proper to a professor of the stars— pro- ceeded to recount his own. Born under Mars he was at an early age destined for a military career and provided with a commission, when a fatal conjunction with Mercury compelled him to sell out, and a subsequent transit of Venus landed him in Kent-street, the keeper of a house of ill-fame. In that most improper and un profitable business it is no wonder if, in this moral city, he was soon reduced to starvation, and .being too proud to work and far to honest to steal he bethought nun of the 'pastime of his youth,' and took to feeling bumps and swindling silly women. One has seen and heard of many ex-military officers in divers curious positions ' in this curious country. An ex-captain of dragoons long officiated as 'boots' at the principal' hotel at Wagga, remarkable chiefly for the^harpness with which he looked after his ' 'tips ;' and f»r many years an ex-guardsman, and the son of a bishop to boot, sold matches at the corner of Prince's-bridge in Melbourne. There is an ex-military friend of our own now, who wonld be happy to sell yon any number of shares in any number of companies at any moment, and who, we fancy sometimes may have been, or may yet be, in the same regiment with Hassan* But surely the fates never played military swell a harder turn than to transform him into a fortune teller, with a dash of pimp ! This estimable character, who we wonder did not plead piety as well as poverty, inasmuch as he had been accustomed to trust to th' heavens for his bread, had one more reason . to thank his ' stars,' when Mr. Justice Faucett, touched pos sibly with the fallen fortunes, as much of the ancient 'science' now sunk to a common misdemeanour, as of the ex-officer turned brothel-keeper, sentenced him to the mild punishment of a two months' eclipse in Dar linghurst. Paris, tired of politics and the serious business of fighting, has been discussing' lately the delicate question of the conjugal relations. A characteristic pamphlet, ' L'Eomme-femme,' by M. Dumas, raised the ques tion of the right of a husband to kill an unfaithful wife, and vice versa; and the discussion lhat followed is said to have been one of the most lively since the question of the Commune v. Versailles. Here, where Mr. Buchanan has undertaken to provide for all ex treme cases, we don't go further than the right of a husband to thrash a drunken wife, and the question is raised for us, not by a clever pampUnt (we have no M\ Dumas), but by a case in the police court. One Burns, returning home to dinner, fonnd no dinner, but a drun wife. In her own more eloquent language she ' had been drinking a little and was lying down.' Whereupon being possibly hungry and certainly savage he, accord ing to her account, ' assisted' her into the yard, threw several buckets of water over her, and cut her on the thumb/ for all which he, not she, is to be tried at the Quarter Sessions. Now, if we were at all n lively people'with a taste for social subjects, like the Parisians, here is a social question that would last us with good management, at any rate, till the nest murder. It wonld hara the advantage of the French controversy, if soottwhtt lass sensational, of coming home4o more people. Few husbands in this conWuniiy have Occasion to ahopt their wives, but »' good, many1 too eftenVJiaTe to want their dinnsrsj an3,it wonld b» is well TtosUtle the proper mode -pf procedure under-snch trying it cumsiances. 'Besides, it is as muoh the woman's ques tion as the man's. 'What is sauce for the goose is Ranee for the gander, and if 'several buckets' are a fair thing for 'drinking a little and lying down,' how many might be allowed for drinking a good deal and stopping out F The great 'woman question' has as yet been scarcely heard of here; but hen is clearly at least ono phase of it staring ns in the face— what to do with her when drunk f tk Dr. Cox tells rather a curious story of lead poisoning. A patient of his showed unmistakable signs of suffering from that en.-.so, but through what means was a mystery, until it was discovered that he was in the habit of taking an early draught of beer at an adjacent public house, where the pipe of the beer-engine was of lead. As this believer in beer was generally the first customer, he got, of course, the first draught that had prohtbly been standing in the fatal pipe all night. Here is a moral for the teetotalers— don't drink beer. Yes, but there is death in the water-pipe as well as in the beer pipe ; and it is possible that had the sufferer in this case gone to his own tip instead of to tfie publican's, he would hare got his leaden dose just the same, only through a less pleasant medium. If one must be slow poisoned, and there really seems to be little chanoe of escape from all the dangers, from leaden water-pipes to copper saucepans or painted tea, lurking on every side of ns, it is as well to make the necessity ns palatable as possible, and beer is certainly as good a thing to get ill on as water.' 