Unfortunately, just as Mr. Tyerman had drawn the requisite inferences from this state ment, bis half-hour was up, and the wishes of several persons that the same sort of thing might be tried on amongst them were not gratified. Mr. Blair was twice cheered when he rose, tut the second and louder cheer was for the able manner in which he took something for the purpose of making sure that he should be heard clearly at starting. He had fallen into a trap on the first occasion. The audience pricked, tip its ears, and Mr. Blair explained in a few words. In fewer words, he had made the mis take of supposing that everybody had read the several lectures he had delivered on the subject up country, and so had condensed his remarks a little. But he should endeavour to make ur- for it. First of all, he should clear the ground by disposing of two or three things said by Mr. Tyennan when he wound up the debate last time. A Press friend whom he met in the street had said to him. 'Keep off, old fellow; you have got the smallpox.' Perhaps when Mr. Blair proceeded to clear the ground in this way, there were persons who first scanned him anxiously, and then wished they had not taken seats so far forward. It was rather startling, ixntil Mr. Blair made it evident that the asser tion about the smallpox was founded upon the fact that he had written an article about small pox. Then, with great dexterity, he showed that Mr. Tyennan had accused him of being on the high road to Spiritualism on the mere fact that he had written an article about 'Necro- mancy in the 19th Century,' one of those scribbling articles which, scribbling men write every day of their lives. (Cheers and laughter.) Ftr afew minutes Mr, Blair waspainfullygcientinc in the definitio^^lithe word 'natural'— Mr. Tyennan had taken exception to it— and Bacon, Newton, Herschel. and Faraday— these kings of intellect— were called in to assist. The phrases 'deadened gospel* and 'prigged gospel' were justified. If they did not like prigged he would say stolen; if they objected to stolen (some did), then he should take the intensest adjective he could find—' thieving.' No further objections were made. In the use for the twentieth time of the words 'fundamental and irreversible laws of scientific reason as formulated by Sir John Herschel,' Mr. Blair provoked a laugh and an injudicious cry of question. The ' loud laugh which marks the vacant mind' caught it severely from Mr. Blair for about four minutes. Then there was a joke about an Irishman who wrote 'S. I.' after his name, because he thought the words they stood for were spelled ' sivil ingineer.' Quarter of an hour was still left, aad in that time Mr. Blair showed, with satisfaction to himself and not a few others, that every one of the doctrines of Spiritism, as an nounced on the previous occasion by Mr. Tyer man— even the one about there being no devil — was at least 1,800 years old, some 3,G00 or 4,000. Then he gave a boiling-down of the doctrines of Spiritualism, of which the following were the most interesting and the most contradictory: — 'That the soul is eternal, that it commences its exis tence at conception, at birth, at maturity, at old age. That all are immortal; that some are mortal, that non are immortal; that the soul is a winged monad in the centre of the brain; that it gets tired, and goes down into the stomach to rest; that the spirits eat food, that they live by absorption, that they live on magnetism, and (O, enviable beings!) that they live on love; that they live singly— in groups of nine; that they marry, without having offspring; that they had. offspring by mortals, and by each other; that their marriage is temporary, that it is eternal.' But when he came to state some of them in rather plain English— that murder is right, that lying is right, that slavery is right, that the breach of the Seventh Command ment is right— not a few of the audience thought proper to hiss; at the same time there were others who cheered. These were the doctrines of Spiritism. (A loud 'No.') Let persons who were prepared to say he had never found such doctrines as he had enumerated among the works of spiritualists stand up. (No one stood up who had not been standing before. A good many who were crowded imto the passage looked as if they would not have minded sitting down.) He would not, he could not, stand up before an audience of that kind and forge quo tations. (Cheers.) Mr. Tyennan complained that Mr. Blair had not touched one single point, and his ramblings led nowhere. This was not the night for the doctrines— (Oh) — but the phe nomena; and Mr. Blair had to prove that the phenomena were produced by mechanical causes. (A loud 'No,' and a louder 'Yes,' and then an altercation between the two voices. ' Why did you say 'Yes?' asked the one. 'Because you said cNe%' replied the other. Both smiled, and then allowed the attention of the audience to return to Mr. Tyennan. A series of test cases was enumerated. They were chiefly American cases. Two persons received this order from a spirit at a seance — ' Ask Dr. G— — for a small sum of money from the chari ties in his possession, and go and purchase fuel for Mrs. — , who is in much need.' The merit in this case lay in the fact that the reoipients of the message did not know that Dr. G- ? had the money, or that Mrs. — — was in need. Then there was the case of a man whose wealth was divided amongst his hairs (there is no mis take about this word; it was emphatically '?hairs'). A person put in a claim for the payment of a debt of S7,000, but the man who Bad bequeathed his money in this peculiar fashion came back in the spirit form, and told the legatees where to find the receipted bill. The only colonial case was that of a gentleman who, in 1852, when between Melbourne and Kyneton, suddenly woke up from an uneasy sleep, and found out several suspicious men bending over him. Twenty years afterwards — i.e., a short time ago — he learned through a trance medium tliat his deceased sister, with the help of other spirits, saved his life on that memorable occasion, for the knew that the suspicious men were going to murder him for the sake of gold they supposed he had under his head. These men were frightened from their purpose by terrible pictures the spirits presented to their minds. The spirit gave him further proofs that she was bis sister, for she reminded him of things he used to say in 1888, in the twilight hours, to little children about the stars. A fourth case was one in which, a man wished a hand-bell to ring, and it rose six inehes off the table and rung twice. The half-hour was up before Mr. Tyennan was finished with the test cases, of which he had 30 handy, and which was most provoking. He had to break off without saying what he meant to have said about the photo graphs which had been taken of spiritual out lines. One was a photograph of the deceased Abraham Lincoln, which bis widow had re cognised. Mr. Blair said— 'We have made a few incisions in this patchwork doll, and shaken out half the sawdust. I don't intend to leave any in.' (Cheers.) The cases were disposed of in a few sentences. Some were dismissed as most preposterous Yankee ghost stories. Upon the Sandhurst half-crown, tke Boston charity case, and the §7,000, Mr. Blair was severely ironical. The books were filled with these silly twaddling stories. What proof had we of the facts ? Greeley, the witness of mysterious haad writiBg, was the most shortsighted man in America; Dr. Campbell was utterly ignorant of science ; Serjeant Cox stated in his recent work that the table-rapping was produced by a power in which the spirits had no part, viz., by psychics, or, as Punch said, by 'sly kicks.' All scientific men were agreed that the pheno mena of which trustworthy evidence had been given were produced by natural force, and it only needed further investigation to drag it into the light. An unformulated law of physical force in the human body, and a still unformu lated law of the^Mkd) were quite'sufficient to account for everything that entered into the stage of human belief. Mr. William Faulkner admitted to the London Dialectic Society that lie used to manufacture magnets which produced raps on tables, and Professor Pepper had under taken by natural means to produce before a London audience at the Polytechnic, the spirit hands, the rapping, and all the rest of it, and then show how easily the trick could be done. A grosser or more demoralizing imposture was Bcvei attempted to be played off on the human ?race; not one new fact, not one new law, not one new thought, not one new idea, had been given to us by Spiritualism, but simply scan dalous and shameless immorality. (Cheers, and cnesof 'Oh.') It was announced that the third discussion would take place on Monday. SPIRITUALISM DISCUSSED. [From the ?Arena.'] Mr. D. Blair and Mr. Tyerman resumed the, public discussion on Spiritualism. They did not meet at the supper-room of the Town Hall, but at the IndeDeudent Hall. Ruaseli-Rtraat. Two vehicles drawn up to tho kerbstone by a quarter to 8 o'clock, several persons scattered about on the pavement, and one man on the steps showed that the exoitement which those disputations had aroused was still high, : and prepared one for the animating spectacle within of 400 or 500 persons, comfortably seated, and Borne of them signifying in the way they do at theatres and other places of secular amusement that it was time to begin. Punctually at a quarter of a minute past 8 o'clock Mr. Call, P.M., came forth from one of tho back rooms, followed by Mr. Tyennan and Mr. Blair, tho former of whom, of course, bore the mystic carpet-bag. ??' Mr. Tyerman opened the discussion. Persons had complained that on the last occasion little had been said about Spiritualism. The fault was with Mr. Blair, who underto§k to attack Spiritualism. All that he (Mr. Tyerman) under took was to defend it from the attack ; but Mr. Blair merely attacked a monstrosity conjured up from the gloomy depths of his own brain. This was Mr. Tyerman a first bit, but while the audience^ was generously applauding him he was getting a manuscript speech into position. The central doctrine of Spiritualism was that the spirits of the departed under certain condi tions held communion with those still in tho flesh. They were agreed as to the possibility of it;, but Mr. Tyeraian had four grounds for the probability, and a large variety of grounds for the actuality of it. The channel of commu nication between the two worlds was not closed up with the last chapter of the New Testament. The phenomenal part of Spiritualism was divided into 18 heads, and under No.^ 1 came the moving of ponderable bodies, which Mr. Tyerman had an unpleasant fashion of pronouncing as punderable bodies. Healing of the sick was No. 2, and so on, through prevision or foretelling, beautiful draw ings, 'last but not least,' photographs of spirits which had been taken and recognised in hun dreds of instances. We hasten to. inform tho impatient reader that although Mr. Tyerman said a great deal under each head, there were no photographs for the curious among the im partial 500 listeners to look at when tho ?argument grew tedious or at any other time. The evidence for the reality of the phenomena was presumptive and direct, and Mr. Tyer man proceeded at once to divide them into heads. One of the presumptions was tho appearance of spiritual manifestations in all parts of the world ; another, the appear ance of them among all sorts of people. Tho 'grounds for believing persons who testified to the phenomena could not be got into less than five heads. Then there was a string pf witnesses— Horace Greeley (candidate for tho Presidency of the United States), the late Dr. Campbell, Mr. William Lloyd Garrison, tho Rev. Dr. Phelps (who said in a sermon that tho , same amount of testimony that was given in ' favour of the phenomena would be sufficient to convict a murderer in any Court in Christendom outside of New 'York), ProfesMpple Morgan : (who considered the physical explanation he had heard miserably insufficient), the late Dr. Elliot son, Robert Bell, Serjeant Cox, and others. Mr. Bell was the author of the article in CornhUl, u Stranger than Fiction,' which gave the par ticulars of a tfance where Robert Chambers - ?was gratified with the two airs that1 his father loved. ' Ye banks' was the Scotch air, but . tbe ' Last Rose of Summer' was his favourite 'English' air. Why were not phenomena exhibited here similar to the phenomena tho 30 witnesses he quoted bore testimony to? Because the movement was comparatively new here. But Mr. Denovan, of Sandhurst, had just written to him of an occurrence there* where, in a circle of persons, tho arm of a lady medium of 30 years began to wave about aad shake until a white cloud was bqqu for a moment or two. Several saw what appeared to bo a very beautiful spiritual arm, and all Gaw what proved to be a halfcrown-piece fall from tho, cloud into the hands of tha medium. 