®hc of the |Buie. {Prom thi SunJaytfaffcuiM.) (Continued.) ^Imprecisely, sir; and therefore we, tookthe matter up, and shall try to ^p&tse; you better.' . "^Israel looked for the moment as if this accommodating spirit came too abruptly for him to have faith in it. Like a tierce mastiff about to fight for a boue, he'was as much takeri aback as the animal would be if his canine antagonist were capable of suddenly handing the bone politely to him with a handsome apology. He gazed scru tinisingly in the young man's face, which, screened by the partial shade, bore the examination tolerably well, and gradually recovered his genial equanimity. ; 'We will talk the law quarrel over I another "time.1 ' And then -lie added 1 with a smile, 'Perhaps, like other men ] I have known, I may prove less obsti nate when! am sure of having my own"way.' s' ' ' Just what I said, sir,' cried David with sudden animatiou. * ladeed I You h ive then been spe culating about me, eh V The words,; and the penetrating look that accom- i panied them, confused the young man .\ for a minute, who, however, mauaged i to reply,— * In business, you know sir, one must try to. understand the characters of people we may have to deal with in important matters.' ' True •, And the remark shows you have got an old head on your young shoulders. How old may you be •It aw? 'Not yet thirty,' said David, trust ing to his beard to couceal the difference between that which his words sugges ted, and the truth. Israel's look rested on his son's face for some moments, and when it was removed, a half audible sigh escaped the strong man, the source of which David could not but venture to think and hope was himself.. ' Your first business will be to exa mine the mine I suppose?' remarked Israel. ' Yes; and my second to make my report to, my employers.' 4 When will you be ready ?' ' Immediately—that is to say, to morrow/ 'Will you require assistance? Would you like me or my overman, to accompany you V 'lam bound to say no. Mine must be an independent report, and not only that} but must be like Csesar's wife, not 6uspected of being anything else.' 'Ofcourse, of course,' said Israel, while looking, David fancied, rather blank. ... , Would you have any objection, began David, after Another pause, * to allow the man I am about to lodge with, Recs Thomas, to go through the mine "with me—he knows it well, his wife says' ' The man hates me—he must. But he's honest and truthfuL No j I make no objection, though I wish your se lection had fallen elsewhere. David could, not but notice the emphasis on the word ' make,' but was too glad to have succeded in his aim to peril his success by any doubt about a chango; so he thanked Mr. Mort, and said these things would be reported in London, and must tend to strengthen the case should circumstances warrant a favourable view. ' Have you had much experience in mining? You won't be offended, I hope, but I confess my surprise to find one so young sent on such a mission.' ' Early in life,' said David, steady in" his voice as well, as he could, ' I hated mines and everything about them, and left rav home and friends rather than be trained up to deal with them. And I was a good deal knocked about the world in consequence, and more than once felt inclined to give up the ghost. But a little incident made a friend for me, and ' ' What might that have been in terrupted Israel. 'I was errand-boy to my present employers, and one day a sum of money was missing, and I was charged with the theft; and circumstances did look black against me. for I had Daid away a shilling that happened to oe known by'sonic peculiarity, and which was identified as a part of the missing fund. How did I obtain that shilling f they asked. And I could not answer.' 4 Could not ? What does that piean ?' demanded Israel harshly. / • You shall hear, sir. They threat ened me, and finally gave me in charge and I was locked up in a horrible j place, and spe«it a night such as I can never forget; but when I was on my j way next morning to the police office, j the persons in charge were overtaken j by other officers, and we all went back | to the station, where was my princi pal employer, who begged roy pardon _ before them allj and said he knew now beyond all question I was innocent, finr the guilty party had confessed.' •And the guilty party?' queried Israel. * Was his own brother; he is dead now, or I should not expose him,' ' That was the cause of your lift in life, was it ¥ Yes. They kept me employed, but in tasks of a more and more pleasant * kind, and caused me to be educated; and then I wanted to please them, and also I wanted to get on •, and I saw that' their chief business was in mining and I often heard them complain how j difficult it was to find men with scien- i tific training, who could give the art of mining the benefit of the increasing knowledge of our time; so I began to j read mining books, and then I got interested; and by degrees they found I what little I picked up of use to them ! and at last they were so good as to i allow me—under articles to them—to I go through quite a course of mining j studies; and I was lucky in passing ! an important examination, and—and j so in the end they were satisfied, and tried me practically, and there too I satisfied them, and—and—yes—that! is all my story.' . ' Young man, I don't know which 1 like best, the story or the telling of it J • You see me perhaps moved*by it. So I may tell you I h.ad,a son, who might have been just what you are—but, however, it's too late to think of that now. To-morrow then you will begin operations V They shook hands and parted. CHAPTER XIII., A week has passed since the young stranger from London, Mr. Knight, sent to Israel a noto, saving he was off to London with his report, and that no doubt his employers would soon communicate with him. A week has passed, but no such communication has reached,and Israel grows daily more anxious. _ Since the death of old Mrs. Wil liams, who did not long survive her husband Jehoshaphat, Israel has been sole owner of the mine, but with a heavy lien upon it on behalf of sundry poor relatives of/the deceased lady. : .The mine has proved fairly profit able, but only through a continuation of Jehoshaphat's policy—to do nothing expensive to day that could possible be postponed till the morrow. But with this excuse in Israel's case, that it was his poverty, not his will that consented. He dad no acquired capi tal, and the works of reparation required a good deal of capital; hence his efforts to obtain help in London, on the basis of a mortgage. On this particular day, when we look in upon him in his comfortably fur nished house, where he lives with only one companion, an old woman as housekeeper, he sits a long time over his supper, and appears lost in reverie. An indescribable sadness seems to have stolen over him ever since the day of his first meeting with theyoung mining engineer from London. Was it true, he again and again asked him self, that which he had said, that David might have been just such another? Could he have had the ability, the self possession, the modesty, the prudence, the business sagacity of this young man ? Probably not. Excellent things do not so readily repeat themselves in this barren world, thought Israel. But David might have fallen short of this man, and yet have been a won drous support to Israel. Where was he? What doing? Could he, Israel, change and forego his long cherished determination to make his son yield, come to him and ask for giveness, or remain in estrangement, his very place ard mode of life un known, uucared for f He feared this young Mr. Knight, even while he respected him. Israel had faith in his power to influence those he came in contact with for his own advantage; but, somehow, this man, on whose opinion so much de pended, had shown clearly he knew his duty to his employers, and meant to fulfil it without bias of fear or favour. And then Israel asked himself a question that for him was something wild, grotesque, portentous—Had this young fellow any heart ? ' He seemed to like me—to be inte rested in me; and I suppose it was through that I liked and got interes ted in him; and yet, though he cm easily guess this capital question is one of life and death to me. he goes off without even a word or a look that may show me I have something to hope from his report.' His housekeeper now came in, and began to tell him of things the super stitious colliers had been , telling her, and which had made her uncomfort able. One was that a pigeon had lighted on the sheaves of the pulleys over the shaft of the mine the other morning, and excited so much alarm among the colliers that they refused to go down, and said they were suro something was going to happen. ' Anything else V demanded Israel in quiet scorn, which put the old woman—herself half a believer—on her mettle. ' Well, Mr. Mort, you may laugh, as you always do, at such tales, but the cock's have been crowing just before and after midnight last night, and the night before, and the night before that, and everybody knows that's a sign of warning that somebody's going to die.' ' How can you be such an old fool 7 was Israel's ungallant and only com ment. ' Why, didn't the wife of the fore man of the Smith's die lately; and didn't the cocks, that couldn't possibly be quieted while she lived, stop direct ly the breath was out of her body ? The husband killed one in his anger and fright, but the rest went on all the same till she died, and then were mute. Ah, Mr. Mort, if you would only read your Bible you'd see things differently. Think of St JPeter aud his cock crowing.' „ CTo beconiinnrd.) 