A THIRST FOR WEALTH, AND WHAT CAME OF IT. BY the Author of "Dora Atherton." Chapter XIII, MOTHER AND SON. Manbbbson was sitting one day, at twilight, i in his mother's parlor, lost in gloomy thought, He had discovered that afternoon for the first time whither Julia had gone. Delicacy had 1 kept him from calling on her during the mournful days immediately following the funeral, so that he had been in ignorance of her having left the boarding-house, until You calling there to leave his card, he had ascertained that she had accepted a situation at Mrs. Elwood's, which he regarded as unsuitable for her. Of all pursuits, that of a governess was the last he would have wished his future bride to follow, and of all families that of the Elwood was the last he would have desired her to enter. His pride re- belled against it. Ignorant, as he was, how reduced the Foresters had become, and unconscious therefore that no choice had been left to Julia, forgotten also that she know nothing of the son's character, which was so well known to him, and was a principal reason for his dis- liking her going there, he was almost angry with her, and felt injured because she had not consulted him. If he had reasoned more calmly the would have seen that he was the very person she could consult i for what right had he ever given her to consult him Had she boon his plighted bride the case would have been different. But men in love, even the best of them, are as unreasonable as they are exacting. He sat there in that half dim" parlor, gloomy and abstracted, when his mother, who had been silently watching him, remarked suddenly, " What ails you, Charles ?" He started, looked at her, and saying, Nothing rails me, mother," relapsed almost arno diately into his gloomy mood. "ButBomething does all you, my son, resumed Mrs. Manderson, after a pause, during which she continued to observe him. " You were absent and silent during dinner. You are so yet. Has anything gone wrong between you and Clara?" He turned toward his mother, with a faint curl of his fine lips, as he uttered contemptuously the word " Clara !" " Charles," said Mrs. Manderson, with severity, " you should not allow any provocation to make you speak in that way of the lady you intend to make your wife." "I never intend to make Miss OwenS my wife," he replied curtly, for he was annoyed at being disturbed. "What do you mean?" inquired his parent, rising, and approaching close to him, where she stood with her eyes fixed full on his face. " I have noticed that you visit Mrs. Rawlinson's less than you did. Surely, after what has passed, you cannot intend to desert Clara ?" HU eye met his mother's without flinching, as he also rose and stood before her, face to face. "I don't know what you mean by what you call deserting' Miss Owens," he firmly retorted. " Certainly I never paid her any serious addresses-" " But you were pleased with her, and you paid her very marked attention," interrupted his parent ; " this you cannot deny, and is it honorable, after this, to withdraw ?" "I was pleased for a time with her grace and with what I fancied was her goodness of heart," replied Charles ; " but when I came to know her better, I saw that this grace was only conventional polish, and not a part of her natural character and I discovered, almost as soon, that her amiability only existed where her selfishness was not in the way. Miss Owens is a pretty, perfectly polite, and sufficiently intelligent young lady ; but she is no more a true woman, such as a true man ought to love than paste is diamond." His kindling eye, his animated tone, and heightened color revealed to Mrs. Manderson, who had not lived to be fifty without knowing human nature, that her son was in love with some one else, who formed, in his mind, the an- thesis of Clara OwenS. The mother, like himself, was bold and frank and she charged him with the fact immediately. "I will not' deny it," said our hero, though not without embarrassment, for so speedy an explanation with his mother he had not intended. " I do love unquestionably, and love one as much unlike Miss Owen: US gold is to tinsel, or reality to affectation." " And who may this fine creature bo t" The speaker could not prevent a slight shade of contempt creeping over her tones, for she knew that the lady could not belong to their set, else she would have discovered the affair before and Mrs. Manderson, though anything but narrow-minded, was not without decided preferences in favor of family and wealth. But, observing the color flashing across her son's countenance, she became aware of the error she had committed, and continued, in blander accents, " If she is worthy of you, Charles, you know you will have my consent; though I must say I am sorry things went so far with Clara." I "My dear mother, replied the son respectfully taking her hand, " things did not go near so far as you would have yourself believe. You know that you wished the match, in fact almost manoeuvred for it, and it was natural that you should magnify the slightest attentions into serious ones. I feel myself entirely innocent. But there is another quarter in which, though I have never yet told my love in words, honor would imperatively demand me to speak out, even if the inclination were wanting He then leading his mother to the sofa, took his seat beside her, and narrated in what manner he had become acquainted with Julia, how he had tried to drive her from his memory, how she had been accidentally thrown on his protection, and how, in consequence, the acquaintance had been renewed. " And now, dearest mother," he said, in conclusion, " I have a favor to ask of you s you must promise to call on Miss Forester, if she accepts me ; and with this promise I will go to- morrow and ask her to be mine." The story of her son's proceedings was entirely new to Mrs. Manderson, who had never so much as suspected the possibility of such an entangle- ment. To say that she was disappointed would fail to convey an adequate idea of its effect upon her. Atheartshe was agooddeal shocked that her idolised son could fall in love with a farmer's daughter; but she was even more incensed that he should have preferred a penniless girl to such an heiress as Clara Owens. We have said in a former chapter that the Mandorsons were not rich, especially for their station in life. It had been necessary indeed for Mr. Mander- son, in making his will, to leave his entire property to his wife, otherwise she would have been unable to keep up the family mansion. But he did this with the less compunction, because he fully believed that his handsome and intelligent son, whenever he desired to have an establishment of his own could marry an heiress. In this opinion the mother had concurred. It was therefore a serious matter to find this son, from whom he much bad been expected, about to throw himself away on a half broad rusty, as Mrs. Manderson supposed, who had apparently nothing but rosy cheeks to recommend her. To frustrate her son in his boyish folly was the mother's instant resolution. She was a woman quick to decide, and her plan was therefore determined upon before Manderson had quite finished his tale. Indeed, most of what he said about Julia's merits was lost upon his parent, who, though pretending to listen, was absorbed in maturing her course of conduct. When he had ceased to speak she was accordingly prepared to answer at once " My dear boy," she said, kindly, " you are in love, and for the first time in your life and therefore I excuse what otherwise would be the height of absurdity. The romance of this whole matter is that you would like to marry Alias Forester, because once you nearly ran over her father, and another time rescued her from the midst of a mob ; the reality is that you can't marry her, or anybody else, who is not an heiress, because you have not an income to support a wife, and I can't give you one without beggaring myself." Manderson know this was true ; he therefore looked abashed. In the enthusiasm of the moment he had conceived a wild plan of bringing Julia home to his mother's and hence had spoken, as we have soon of going immediately to propose for her. " So think no more of the young woman," to sumed Mrs. Manderson, elated with her evident success. "It was a bit of pardonable folly, ex- cusable perhaps for this once," she added, smil- ing. " Dismiss it-dream no more so a man of the world, and in due time marry Clara Owens." She had gone too far. She saw it at once. Her son snatched his arm from her hand as if it had been the touch of a tempter, and elevating his commanding figure to its loftiest proportions, said, coldly, " Mother, you treat me as a child. You talk as if I, at six and twenty had no deeper feelings than a schoolboy. Nay I hear me out," he added, impatiently, seeing she was about to interrupt him. "I have been boyish, at least in one respect, for I forgot that a man is a fool to speak of marriage till he has earned the right by making himself independent. I am not angry ; do not look as if you thought I was it was never my intention to encroach on your comforts, and only my thoughtlessness could have led me to say anything from which you could draw that inference. Lot there be no hard feelings between us, dear mother," he continued, kissing her hand. " But from this day forth remember I begin a new era in my life. I have heretofore trifled with existence; I will hereafter give myself to earneSt labor. I will be the founder of my own fortune." The fond mother, though, in her worldly wisdom, utterly sceptical of the durability of those resolutions, could not but secretly admire the enthusiasm with which his words were spoken. She gazed a moment admiringly on her son's face, and then began to smile incredulously. " And when you have won fortune, I suppose you will offer yourself to Miss Forrester, said Mrs. Manderson. " I will," replied the son, his eye meeting nor's, and by its frank, high look awing down that sceptical expression. "'that is," added the mother, "if she has not forgotten you." " She will not do that if she loves me and if I she don't love me," he paused, and added quickly, " it won't matter." " If she continues faithful," Bird Mrs. Mou derson, half relenting at her son's emotion, I will promise to receive her as a daughter ; but with this stipulation, that you in the meantime bind her by no promise for otherwise it will be no trial of her fidelity." " I accept," said Manderson, eagerly. "Ah mother, I shall have something now to work for and work I will," he added, with energy. " But meantime," said the mother to herself, " this designing creature, tired of waiting, and ignorant of the reward for her fidelity, will do sent him. Or, if she really loves, she will feel hurt at this neglect, and so forget him." And the woman of the world congratulated herself on having outwitted her son, for his own good, as she conscientiously believed. Chapter XIV. THE YOUNG LAWYER. From the hour of that conversation with his mother Manderson was a different person. His whole energies were now concentrated on one purpose, which was the achievement of an independence, in order that he might possess Julia. " I will deserve her," he said to himself, as he sat alone in his chamber, after the interview, " I will deserve her before I seek her again. Now Heaven give me a fair field !" Manderson, like many young men of family, had entered himself as a law student, after he had taken his degree at college, and had pros scouted his studies in a desultory way over since more, however, with a view to acquiring a finished education, than with any design of practising a profession. But now he lost no time in completing his course, and applying for admission to the bar. Fortune favored him in a way that she favors few. The very week in which he was enrolled, an appalling murder took place in one of the suburbs, under circumstances which for a while agitated the public mind intensely. The victim was an unoffending old man, who kept a small shop for people of the poor class, and who was murdered in broad daylight behind his counter. He had but time indeed to follow the assassin to the door to cry out that he was stabbed and to point down the street, as if indicating the way in which the criminal had fled, when he fell and expired. A hue and cry was immediately raised. But it happened to be market day ; the market was immediately opposite, and amid the crowd the hunt was for a minute thrown off the scent. At last, however, one of the most active of the pursuers succeeded in recognising the assassin, and having overtaken and arrested him, proceeded to search his pockets. A dark, covered with blood, was drawn from the side pocket of the overcoat, in the presence of a score of spectators. The prisoner, as is usual in such cases, protested his innocence ; but when he found that this was of no avail, he sent for Manderaon's old preceptor, who had the reputation of being the best criminal lawyer of his day. He heard his client's statement, shook his head, and coolly j el said that nothing could he done "However g have a student just admitted," he added, " who will get you off if anybody can, for he is a young p fellow of brilliant abilities, and will work like a h dray horse, at least in this case, since it will be p his first will take him in as junior counsel give him the benefit of my advice, and when the trial comes on, be ready to cross examine and address the jury That is all I can do for you, and on these terms I accept the case " In this way, Manderson, almost before his fashionable friends know that he had been called to the bar, was engaged in what proved to be one of the most engrossing cases that had absorbed public attention for years, for the popular mind was attracted not only by the fragrance of the murder, but by the doubt which began to grow up respecting the guilt of the prisoner Manderson, after his very first interview with the accused, disbelieved his guilt. His client said that the knife had been slipped into his pocket, and that he knew nothing of the canteen £ dents of the murder " I was running at the time I was arrested, Town were his words, " but I had heard the hue and cry, and seeing the way the crowd took, ran with the rest " His whole manner, his former good character, and the natural feeling with which he always repeated this story, convinced Manderson more and more that the man was a victim of the real assassin, who had slipped the knife into his coat pocket, and escaped in the mob But to clear the prisoner it was necessary to discover the real criminal The train of cncumatautialovidenco was complete against his client, and Mundorson t foresaw that he would infallibly be convicted unless the chain could be broken Yet how was this to be done, unless by bringing to justice the h true culprit ? And where was that ought to be found P The young lawyer only wanted a clue to start f with, he felt if he had that he should forget it all out At last, one day, after having pondered b over all the evidence for the twentieth time, it flashed upon him that the blow, from ltB pecu g her character, must have been struck by a left I handed mum No one had noticed this before, but on calling in a physician, the latter confirmed the suspicion, wondering that the fact had not been suggested on the inquest Manderson now remembered that the man who had first or rested the prisoner and had drawn the dark from his pocket was left handed He had noticed t this peculiarity by the merest accident during the man's examination on the inquest, for the of witness being nervous, it is often the case at c such times, had kept playing with his watch key of with his left hand He now made secret m i quinces, and discovered that this man belonged f to another town, from which he had arrived only of the day before the murder At the dark was of now it was natural to suppose it had just been 1 purchased Accordingly an officer was employed c to visit every shop in the neighboring town ( where such articles were sold After a week's scrutiny a man was found who recollected hav- t ing disposed of such a weapon, and who accu- 1 rudely described the person of the witness whom t Manderson suspected " He used often to buy 1 cutlery of me," said the shopkeeper, " and I to- 5 collect the dark, because ducks are of slow sale , e so much so, that when I sort out my present stock, I intend to have nothing to do with them ) in future " i Our here now felt that he had discovered the 1 real culprit But what was the motive? Un- of loss he could show this he feared that he case r would be regarded with suspicion for he was no longer satisfied with proving thoinnoccncoof s his client, he aspired to fusion the guilt inson testify on the true criminal. Continuing to 1 conduct his investigations with profound secrecy, c he finally discovered that the murdered man had been in the habit of lending money at S usury, and that at the time of his death he hold i a heavy claim against his assassin When M andersOn had collected all these proofs, the day appointed for the trial had arrived He I went to his old preceptor, and told him for the first time his entire success " Keep silent till I to morrow," said the veteran " You have done a it all yourself, and deserve all the praise, so I I shall not interfere except to advise you how to act Go to court as if nothing of this kind was impending Let the trial take its course. The 1 real culprit will be there of course to testify that he found the knife on our client When it comes to his turn, break him down on the cross examination, by asking him if he did not buy the dark himself, and I will assist you by send ing at this moment the custom to speak to you, so that the assassin may see and recognise him " All happened as the veteran lawyer had planned and foretold The witness turned ghastly pale when he beheld the man from whom he purchased the dark, and when he know, from anderson's simultaneous questions, that the whole truth was out, he fainted away. Our hero received the entire credit of the whole affair, and from that day his reputation was established Business flowed in upon him in a flood The veteran members of his own profession wore the loudest to extol him, and to recommend to him clients in criminal cases, which they no longer tried His eloquence is the least part of him," said one of these " He's a keen young man, and who else at his age could have taken up so cold a scent, followed it out, and pulled down the stag in presence of the court and spectators? God, it was the finest thing I ever saw done, and I've been at the bar these five and twenty years " But Mandcrson's triumph did not stop here It was a season of intense political excitement, an election was at hand, and all the available talent in both parties was brought forward to address the people As a popular speaker our hero soon gained a high reputation Wit, logic, and imagination were united in his mind in just that proportion to make a most effective orator His fine person, his musical voice, and his graceful gestures greatly assisted the effect of his style and thoughts He could at will move his hearers to laughter, excite their scorn, or rouse them to indignation In the midst of the canvass the popular candidate was suddenly taken sick, and in less than a week died The public voice demanded almost by acclamation that Manderson should be nominated in his place. It was unusual indeed for one so young to be chosen by such a con- Stituency, and a few envious aspirants, and thorough paced intriguers ventured to say so , but the general enthusiasm was not to be controlled, and our hero was accordingly elected by an unprecedented majority During this rapid and brilliant career Mander- son scarcely had time to think of Julia, so absorbed was he with the pursuit of his great object for he was one of those men, who, having I determined what to do, do it with all then- might. There was no trifling in his earnest nature The difficulty was to arouse him, but that once effected, his course was right onward till the goal was reached. Thus, though he never, in one sense, forgot Julia though she was always present in imagination as the queen to crown him when the prize was won , yet he wasted no precious moments in sentimental repmnigs over their separation, but put his whole soul rather into the struggle for fame and fortune, so that he might the sooner win her. He had also faithfully kept his word to his mother He made no effort to correspond with Julia, or even to see her He had indeed little wish to do either, as long as she remained at Mrs Elwood's. But he scarcely suspected the indignities to which she was subjected, for much as he knew of to bed, he did not imagine that the profligate would niBult a defenceless woman, beneath his mother's roof A greater misfortune however was preparing for Julia On the very night, indeed, when a triumphant crowd, with torches, banners, and music, went to anderson's residence to congratulate him on his election, fate made our heroine a witness of that proud hour, but in a way that was excessively degrading to herself, and which led to what filled her with despair. Chapter XV. THE IMPUTATION. "I am going to call on Mrs Elwood this morning," said Claro Owens' aunt, with a sly smile at her more " Will you accompany me, my door ?" " I may as well," was the indifferent reply. "It will be as good a way as any to spend the morning If I stay here I shall die of ennui Surely it's no reason I should cease v letting Mrs Elwood because I have agreed to marry her son " Clara Owens was affianced, at last, to the suitor whom, more than once, she had tacitly refused How this had been brought about the reader may easily conjecture. Picquo had led her to encourage Elwood's attentions in public whenever Manderson was present, and this had given her old lover a hold over her, which he had improved to his advantage Mrs Rawh Bon had also exerted her influence in behalf of Elwood During this formal morning visit Clara sat utterly without interest in the convolution, clasping and unclasping a superb bracelet Mrs Elwood she had never liked, and when she thought of her as a mother in law sho almost regretted her engagement Her attention was finally aroused by the opening of the parlor door, and the entrance, of Julia It was the first time the two had met since their interview in the shop, and both seemed to remember this, fort hoy colored unconsciously Julia, lionel or, did not advance into the room Hurriedly apologising, by saying that she had supposed Mrs Elwood to be alone she withdrew lame diately, but not before Mrs Elwood had noticed Olura's manner Before they left, Mrs RavvliBon took occasion to explain to Mrs Elwood, in a whisper, the pretended cause of Clara's embarrassment, attributing it to the fact that Julia had 01100 been befriended by Clara, and had since insulted her This false tale, rehearsed for her in any, but its 0 (led When the visit was over Mrs Elwood's dist proceeding was to ring the bell, and order Julia into her presence. "Pray, miss, she said, haughtily, " for what am I indebted to your unwarrantable intrusion just now ? Are you not aware that, when I wish you, it is my habit to send for you, and that, unless you are thus sent for the parlor is not your place ?" For the Boko of Gertrude, Julia might perhaps have endured this reproof in silence, if the outrage of the day before had not rendered it impossible for her to remain longer in the house She replied, therefore, with spirit, "I came, madam, because I thought you were alone , be cause I wished an entirely private interview with you, and because the conversation I desired to have could not be postponed " Mrs Elwood gazed in amazement Was this the quiet governess who had invariably listened uiBilonco? But recalling what Mrs Rawlinson had Bald of Julia's ingratitude and inSolence to Clara, the haughty patrician lady answered an ponouBlv, " Speak at once, miss for since you have begun to dictate the times and subjects of our conversations, I suspect I shall have to look out for a new governess, or cease to be mistress of my own house " " It is on that point I came to speak to you," calmly replied Julia "Your son, modern, insulted me yesterday in such a way that it is impossible for me, much as I love Gertrude, to remain in the house with him " At these words, spoken in the tone of an equal, and with an indignation that could scarcely be repressed, Mrs Elwood's face covered with anger That a servant, for in that light be considered Julia, should dare to address her in such language, was not to be endured She therefore rose to her feet " Miss, you for get yourself," she said " Your effrontery indeed, surpasses belief, though I have just heard about it from my friends My son persecute you with his addresses for that, I suppose, is what you mean to imply " Julia bowed " It is not true Not a word of it," exclaimed Mrs Elwood, so enraged that she forgot good breeding, " don't stand there and tell me such a falsehood It's you that have been insulting me, by persecuting him I see it all now " She paused a minute to recover breath Julia seized the occasion to say with calm dignity, " Madam, what I say is true It pains me to have to say it, especially to yourself, but there is no other course left I had hoped that port haps you would protect me, if not for my own sake, at least for Gertrude's, but you leave me no alternative now, except to leave you " These words increased the passion of Mrs Elwood, who saw in them, and in the tone they were delivered, a tacit assumption of superiority. 1 No alternative but to leave '" she repeated in angry amazement. " Why, how dare you be so insolent ? My son would not condescend even to look at you. Yes, you may leave me at once, this day, this very hour Not a word " And Bho approached to ring the bell Julia advanced firmly towards her, and laid her hand on Mrs. Elwood's arm With difficulty could our heroine retain her calmness at this rude and insolent treatment, but she struggled to preserve the bearing and language of a lady, as she said, "Mrs. Elwood, Stop You need not give yourself any concern about my not going, for after such an interview as this I should not think of staying. But, before I leave, I demand of you as between one woman and another, that you retract your imputations against me You know they are untrue. I am an orphan, with nothing but my character, and I you cannot you dare not assail my little all Take back those words Let us bury this matter in oblivion, and part in peace." Anybody but an enraged mother, or a T haughty patrician, would have been awed by the it high spirit, not less than the justice of this do- ab mand A noble soul, even in anger, recognises nobility in others But Mrs Elwood, with all hot outward varnish of refinement, was thoroughly" ignoble. So she replied by a volley of abuse, such as enraged women, even fashion- an able ones, sometimes pour out on the objects of their wrath Julia, as she listened, felt that of mother and son were much alike She was turning away to leave the room, when Mrs El of wood, observing her purpose, and doubly in- if coined to find she would not listen, violently pulled the bolt Julia had only gained the foot of the staircase, Mrs Elwood following her, when a servant appeared "lake that creature, James," sold the ou raged woman, " and turn her out of the house d See that she goes tim minute Her things can b be sent after her And take care that she don't see Miss Gert rude " j, With those words, as degrading oncE us the h most criminal and lowest outcast could have d possibly deserved, Mrs Elwood retired within the parlor, closing the door after her with a bang, The servant, who had seen his mistress once or twice before in similar fits of passion, f< followed her with his eyes. Binding aureuBtioolly, b as he had done on the evening when his young master came home intoxicated, and, taking advantage of this, Julia flow upstairs to her chum q bor. | j, Our heroine paused in her room only long enough to put on her bonnet and shawl, and hastily to arrange her takings for removal She had too much dignity to provoke another altercation, which she knew might be the case if she declared When she descended, he found the footman waiting for her in the hall, the man exhibited more respect for her than he had done for his mistress, for he bowed, and cour- 1 teoiiBly asked where her bones should be sent Julia know no place, except the boarding house where she had once lived, and accordingly she ] mentioned it " they shall he left there to morrow, miss, or 1 this afternoon, if you wish it " And, in a lower voice, he said, " Mistress is going out this over me, and if you would wish to return, and our range your things, it can be done then. I shall be happy to oblige you " " No, thank you," replied Julia, " if there is anything missing, I will send for it But I arranged everything, I believe " With those words she turned away Yet though going out into the world housolosB, pon cross, and chain motor loss, so far as Mrs Elwood's influence could have in her, she thought not in that moment of herself, but only of Gertrude, from whom she had thus been rudely torn CHAPTER XVI. THE! ARREST Julia found before night that her situation was far worse than she had expected the landlady of the boarding house received her coldly, not having forgotten the slanders propagated about her and Manderson, und washings tempted to refuel her altogether , nor did she consent, in the end, to do more than receive our heroine for a few days. " My house is very crowded, miss," she said, with a toss of her head " but out of respect to your father, who was a good man, I believe I can accommodate you for a week or so , but I shall expect you to look out for a place else where as soon as possible " the color rose to Julia's cheek She saw that for some reason she had lost favor with the land lady, but the true cause never imagined She, however, know it would not do to exhibit her opinion of so inexplicable a change of man nor, for if this home were shut against her, where could she go? So she answered gently, "I will not trouble you, ma'am, longer than is absolutely necessary I will endeavor this very day to find employment, which I can got perhaps in my first place and that being secured, Iwilltbonbum another boarding house some time I throw myself on your kindness Hunk what a daughter of your own, in my fncudlesB condition, would suffer In the worst of her troubles, never had Julia hitherto felt more helpless than when she uttoiedtnoso words It appealed to her as if she had not now a friend left on earth Shore me moved that she had Sometimes road in romances of the destitute of her sex, in great cities, being reduced to starvation, and she shuddered to think that perhaps this might yet be her own fate But the native resolution of her character soon rallied to her aid She be formed as soon as dinner was over, to go out and seek for employment RuBy with those thoughts she did not observe how everybody at table regarded her with averted looks She had need of all her resolution that afternoon It happened to be a season when there was unusually little demand for shopwoman, needlewomen, or for any other description of female oper atives Julia accordingly met every- where with rebuffs) Her old employer frankly confessed his inability either to go for a place, or to put her in the way of obtaining one He even went so far as to hint that she had been very imprudent in leaving her late situation, and Julia could not exculpate himself, and regain his good opinion, without telling what she could not consent to It was long after dusk before she abandoned her task, and bent her weary and almost fainting stops home More spirit broken and despairing than she had ever been in her Ufo, tempted almost at times to question the justice of Heaven, she was slowly dragging headed foot along, when suddenly she saw one of those impromptu torch light processions, which formerly marked elections in large towns, turning into the street just ahead of her Warned by former experience of the difficulty of attempting to force a way through a crowd, abo hurriedly sought shelter in a doorway, intending to remain there until the mob had passed But the procession, when it reached the place where she stood, halted, in stead of moving on and in almost as little time as we have taken to describe it, the whole thoroughfare was packed with a dense mass of human beings, above whose heads waved hundreds of torches Naturally brave, Julia, in admiration of the picturesque scene, soon lost what little horror she had at first experienced The undulations in the crowd, the occasional shouts that went up from the assembled thousands, and the red flare of the countless torches, as they waved to and fro, and allot fantastic shadows on the upturned faces of the crowd-all these appealed to the imagination of our heroine, and made her for the time forget even her sorrows Suddenly a window opening on the balcony of a large house immediately opposite. her was. thrown up, and a manly figure, which she recognised with a throbbing heart, stepped out. The huzza which greeted this person proved that it was he whom the crowd had sought. The shout seemed to Julia to shake the very houses around. Scarcely had it died away before it was renewed, and then again renewed, and then ' three times three, as a voice called out, was added, each huzza now being quick, loud, and sharp, hUo a volley of musketry Our heroine was not a woman to be terrified at a scene like this. There was something heroic in the depths of her spirit which answered to the stir and on thusiasm of that crowd She felt that she also is a man, might be a politician " Certainly,' she said to herself, " if one could win popular acclamations like those, by serving one's country virtuously, and with no boso arts, I too would be an orator " When the shouts had subsided, there was a dead pause, and then Manderson, for it was he began to speak If ever Julia had doubted that she loved, it over she had persuaded herself she had oonqucrodthatlovo, the illusion now fell from her eyes It seemed to her as if she could lay down her life for this orator He spoke such noble sentiments, his power over that vast con- course was so great, there was suohasBuranooof a true soul within him in all he said, that she felt she could not but love him, and secretly believe in his house, no matter howuppotirnncos might be against him Soon all other emotions, however, morocain thosoconpirodupby insole quence Now Juba was melted to tears, now her boBomhcavod indignantly, now scorn, or mirth, or other sentiments were awakened It added par haps to her own emotions that the crowd was swayed in a similar manner, for somehow it seemed to her as if his triumph was hers also , she had a right, the light of ft profound, though secret love to be proud at Iiib honors, but his eloquence, at his command over that immense assemblage Never, in his best moments, had Maudorson seemed to her so worthy of love and admiration as now She found her way home as it were in a dream Long after the crowd had dispersed she i remained Bholtorod under that door I ay, gazing, as if spoil bound, on the window where Manderson had disappeared Once or twice a shadow with visible against the loco mrtiiiiiB, and also in fancy traced in it the outlines of his figure At last the town clock, striking the hour hoarsely, roused her, she recollected how late it was and, alarmed at the hour, elie almost run home ward. But her mind was still so full of the scene she had left, that she scarcely know how she gained the boarding house She watered at once, for she could not talk on common themes that night, but it was late before she slept When Sloop at last closed her eyes, the procession, the shouts, the waving torches, the thousands of upturned faces, and the bare majestic head of the orator still floated through her dreams, and she fancied herself in some way connected with them in a strong personal interest. Gradually this notion assumed shape Now she was herself the one honored , now she was the bride of Mandoiaon. At this delicious climax she awoke to find it broad day, and the landlady standing over her. " If you please miss," said the latter, in a short, day tone, " its after our usual breakfast- time, and there's been a person below those two hours, waiting to see you " Julia awoke, with a sigh, to the realities of life With sleep faded romance Supposing that the person waiting for her was the porter with her boxes, which had not been sent the night before, she began mechanically to calculate how vc such he ought to charge, for every ox sponge, even the slightest, was important to her till her pulse was replenished What was her surprise, therefore, on entering the sitting room, to see looks of horror directed at her from all sides, and to observe a course, sinister man, after exchanging a glance with the landlady, rise and approach her "You are my prisoner, tries," he said, touch- ing her on the shoulder, and showing a piece of paper. And in answer to Julia's amazed look, he continued, "You are charged with the fair copy of a bracelet, lost by Miss Owens, at Mrs Elwood's, yesterday, and found among your things " For a minute Julia gured aghast first at the officer, and Iron at the boarders, but every face j repulsed her Some scored, others frowned , a few turned away, in no it was there hope It was too much even for her brave spirit 'The room looked around her and she fainted away. [TO Bar OON1INCIÍDJ WEAT XKCAMiC OF PAID NO OIL AGE, If it had not rained that day It never would have happened , but, before Tommy had half finished his breakfast, Uncle Jim got up and walked to the front window and remarked that it was " raining cuts and dogs " Tommy looked up with his mouth full of bread and butter to see if Undo Jim was really in earnest, but as he looked perfectly sober, he immediately scrambled down from his chair and rushed to the window, expecting to see shower of black and white kit tone, with a smart sprinkling of curly dogs What he really saw was a muddy river, rushing along through the gutter , two men, with wet clothes and short pipes, trump ing down the street, and a miserable looking dog, with a bone in his mouth, picking his way through the mud He looked as if he might have rained down, but Tommy know he didn't because he know where he lived up the street, and he had often seen him sneaking around the back door after the bits which Tommy throw away when he took his lunch outdoors Just at that instant Uncle Jim came in from the back hall, and said, in a very dreadful Voice "Now, then, Tommy Trotters, where are my ovcrBhocB ? ' When anything was lost at that house, they always asked Tommy about it. It was a habit they had, supposing that Tommy had had it, especially if it was something he never ought to touch Tommy forgot all about the cats and dogs and looked at Undo Jim, and said, quickly, " I do know " That was a habit Tommy had, and he always BUd, "will know," before he stopped to think but he did know very well, and to he said " Oh, yes, Uncle Jim They're over to Billy a house, in the big trees where the horse drinks Me and Billy sailed 'em for boats, all full of corn, and they walked down to the floor of the War Why. Tommy Bancroft," said 1"srm/mm,a,> looking greatly troubled. " what shall I do with Othello The looked at him very soberly, and """Woll young men, here I am, two miles from my office, and no overshoes. I should like to know what you mean to do about it You ought to buy me some more I shall catch my death of cold, and then how you feel, sir ? ' Tommy's face brightened in a minute " O, 111 buy you some more," said he and he trotted away to got his bank, which had a loose floor, so that whatever he put in at the top could be easily taken out at the bottom, an arrangement Tommy found very satisfactory The first thing that came out was a shilling, very now and crisp, but Tommy's heart never faltered. "There," said he, "you can buy some more shoes, and I won't never sail 'em in the trot." "Very well," said Uncle Jim, putting the money in his pocket, and going into the hall. " Uncle Jim," called Tommy, " if there's any change left, you buy me something, will you ?" Uncle Jim nodded and said, "I shouldn't wonder," as he strode out into the rain. Tommy's mamma gave the baby her breakfast, talked awhile with Budget about dinner, dusted the parlor, watered the flowers in the bay window, and then she put the baby on the floor in the dining room, and gave her some clothes pins and a tin can to play with Tommy had with Noah's ark, but he had to keep it on the table, because the baby put the camels and elephants into her mouth whenever she got a chance, and once she sucked all the paint off from Shore, Ham, and Japhet, and made herself quite sick. Elton was boiling in the kitchen, and Mrs Bancroft said " Now, Ellen, it is such a rainy day, nobody will call, and I am going up to look over the clean clothing and put it away The children will do very well in here, but you must keep your door open, and look in once in a while." "Yos'iu," saul Ellon, "tommy's getting very launch to mind the baby when he tries." " 0, I'll 'tend to her," auld Tommy, who was trying to stand Mrs Noah on the ridge pole of the ark. " Elhn needn't mind about us at all." So Tommy's minuma wont own) upstairs, and Ellen hurried with her ironing, looking out once in a while through the rain to see if the grocer's young man was not coming for his orders When he did come she shut the dinning room door, because the baby was always frightened at the grocer's young man, though thou herself did not seem to be at all afraid of him. It was just at this moment that Tommy spied a bottle of marriage on the clock shelf over the table, and it struck him instantly what a fine thing it would be to fasten on the elephant's trunk find Noah's head again. It was quite was). to reach in and pull out the cork, but there did not happen to be any brush, so Tommy was forced to use one of his fingers, which answered very well only be hard to wipe it frequently upon his dress. Noah's head refused to stick, and so did the elephant's trunk, though he tried it on Huntly and the animals Then he concluded he would paste up hand- bills, as he had seen men do in the street So he got the baby's little, soft white hair brush, and poured out some of the machine into the name of Uncle Jim's arm chair lion he dipped the brush, and stuck pro co of the morning paper on the walls, on the doors, on the stove, and, last of all, he happened to remember how he had seen a funny man is walking through the streets with hand bills on his hat and his back, So he passed some papers on the baby's back, and on the top of her poor little bald head. Baby had no hair to speak of, but she did not at all fancy this way of dressing it, so she set up a loud son am of danger, and at that very moment came a ring at the door bell "Dear, dear I" said Tommy's mamma, poop- ing out of her chamber window, "if there isn't Miss Dilly Dean come to spend the day " Mamma, burned down to the door to receive Miss Billy, who stood in the hall, with the inky water running off from her umbrella, and making a little black River on the oil cloth "You didn't look for me to day, I'm sure," said Miss Dilly, " but I thought I should be sure of a good long visit nil to myself, because it mined to " Ellen w out back to try to hush the baby, and Tommy stood at the door with the hair brush in his hand vi hile mamma said Well, come into the dining room, Miss Dilly, and dry your face, we keep a Are there on no count of the baby " And Tommy kept on staring at Miss Billy's family little curls, until mamma pushed Uncle Jim's chair near to the fire, and said " Sit right down here, Miss Duffy," and Miss Dill) out down. Munmin begun to pick up things about the room, and by and by she found the empty nine- large bottle, and she said " Why, Tommy Bancroft, where's my much huge?" lion Tommy put his finger in his mouth, and looked at Miss Dilly harder than over, and said, "She's flats' on it " Miss Dilly jumped up as spry as a kitten, and the chu r jumped too, and Miss Billy's boat alpaca dress m us a eight I don't know just what Tommy's mamma said to him, but whatever it was, she put him to bed afterward to think about it Timitrnw -A person being asked why he had given his daughter in marriage to a man with whom he was at enmity, answered, I did it out of revenge " At an auction of miscellaneous articles in the open mr it begun to ruin, when a bystander advised the iiuolioituoi that he had better put up his number In the nut they A o Kim lm on, having written a letter, concluded it as follows -" Give lever) body's love to Every body, so that Nobody may be aggrieved by Any body being forgotten by Same body " Oukviuno Kkmahk-At a rural summer resort, the only walk it to the graveyard, and when a visitor shrinks from taking it, his land- lady cheers him by remarking, " Ah, then, there's no telling how soon you'll be earned them 1" . A rich young gent in turning swiftly on his heel, ran his best ujiuiiBta poling lady He put himself in a position to apologise " Not a word," said the quick witted beauty , "it isn't hard enough to hurt anybody " 'the coxcomb frowned, and the )Omtg lady smiled and court 6101 as gracefully as an angel. Okfimt -A young man having put a crown piece into " the plate," in an Edinburgh church, by mistake, instead of a penny, asked to have it bulk, but was refused In once in for over. " Awoel, wool," granted he, I'll get credit form at an n " "Na, no," Rind the doorkeeper, " yoU got credit only for the penny yo mount to go" A Witty W «tee -Th roo Cambridge undergraduates went into a hotel celebrated for its wines, particularly old hotel One of them, who took upon himself to be the wit of the company, ordered the waiter to bring a bottle of his hoe, hoe " the waiter, however, paid no attention to the request, and on being again called, said, " Really, gentlemen, I thought you had declined it " Stiff Knbid Sit.OEi¡3-In arocontpaporon " Church Music," the writer, Dr Dyko, alleges that Paul and Silas " were singing on their knees, whence he deduces thodist of King ing on our knees at " holy communion " Upon this, a correspondent of the Record puts the very pertinent question " But how could Paul and Silas know when their foot were made fast in the stools ?" The Tail or a Gnosr - A propos of ghosts, yet another story comes from Peckham A certain French, polisher, left a bottle of song I uncorked in his workroom, and after the lapse of a few days, though he had not had occasion tus IV of the. oil, has made the discovery that it wL getting smaller by degree, and 0 autifully Jess " Here was a mystery. No one" had been into his. workroom except himself, and oil was not a thing to evaporate into thin me Another day passed, and the oil in the I bottle was found to be about half an inch lower. I JTo had heard a ghost., but did not know that they had a taste for sweet oil However, he was determined to fathom the mystery, and this is how he went about it Next to his workroom was a storeroom, and these rooms were divided by a wooden partition, through this partition he bored a small hole When night came, he left the gas burning low, so as to throw a glimmer of light on the mysterious bottle of oil. Then he took up his quarters in the dark store room, and put his eye to the hole he had made. Here he watched the bottle until the witching hour of night, when churchyards yawn," when lo I the uhoBt appeared It was a monstrous rat with the numerous family of seven ' This was the modus operandi The old rat climbed the bottle, dropped her tail into the oil, and drew it out well saturated When the young ones had licked the tail, the operation was repeated until they were smashed , thou the matronly old rat held a little " wayzgoose " of her own on the top of the bottle neck, and then the rat. retired as mysteriously as they had come. Nott day our French polisher inserted some rat poison in the oil, and the following morning he had the e satisfaction of finding the old rat with all her " progeny dead on the field of their exploits. 