POLICE INTELLIGENCE. Cut Court. —Friday, 19th April. A Determined Vagadond.— A young fellow named Thomas Thomas was brought up to- day on two charges, ono as a rogue and vagabond, tho other for theft ot a shirt, it appeared irom too ovidenco of the detectives that thoy had appre hended him on a -warrant for tho theft about midnight, in lied, in a brothel in Bilking-Bquaro, and that thoy bad tho greatest difficulty in get ting him secured and taken to tho watchhouso. Whon' they wont to seize him bo got hold of a tomahawk, with which ho vigorously defended kimscif, striking detoctivo Muinwaring several times on tho head with the back of it. Tho 'fellow struggled and fought in tho rao3t deter- mined manner all the way to the top ot Little Collins street, a mob of his ruffianly frionds follow ing, and not only instigating him to escape, but assailiog and striking the detectives. It was Btated that the prisoner was a vagabond of tho worst description, and leader of agang of ruffians who, wero constantly committing assaults and depredations. So daring indeed hnd he bo- come that thcro was an - impression in tho localities frequented by him that tho dor tectives were afraid to tackle him. Mr. Sturt, after commenting ' severely on tho behavior of the prisoner— whoso appearance was rather rcspoctablo than criminal or vagabond: ish — said that it would never do to allow iho law to bo' set at dcGance in this manner, and tho bench were determined to mako an example of him, and ho would be sentenced to two years' im- Drisonmont. with hard labor. Samuel King, ono of the gang who had been instigating Thomas to escape and interfering with tho police, was fined £10, with tho alternative of throe months' im prisonment. , Forgery. — A man named Frederick H. Thomas, about fifty years of ago, was remanded on a charge of forging the name of William Hornby, nnd Co. to , a bill of oxchango, and at tempting to pass it or a ruau named James Miller, at the Exchange Hotel, in 1870. The Eolice hal been looking for him over since, and o had ju3t been apprehended at Sandhurst. Bail was allowed in two sureties of £25 each. Rem ands. — A. woman, nainod Elizabeth Avony, who wus a fow days ago sentenced to inreo months' imprisonment for theft of a pair of boots, was brought . up again to-day at the instance of Inspector Kabat. It appeared that on boing searched at the watchhouse when appre hended for theft of the boots, a lady's gold watch, Moulin, Genera, No. 6S46, bad been found in her mouth. Mho was lurther romanueu ior sovou days. Robert Ejton, who - had, after 'sovoral times attempting suicide, voluntarily given1 him self up fer uttering a valueless cheque, was re manded till Monday. Tno prisoner appeared to bo in a wrotchod state of mind. It was stated that there was a pistol ball in tho side of his head which conld not be got out. Lead Stealing. — Myles Doyle was sontonced to a month's imprisonment for theft of thirty- two sheets of lead. It appeared that he had sold the lead, aud a dispute now arose botwoen the man from whom it had been stolen and the man who bought it, as to who should get it. Mr. Sturt said that if peoplo bought stolen property they must take the risk, as the owner was en- titled to recover his goods. A pawnbroker giving advances on articles was logally entitled to tho amount of his advance, but those who bought stolen goods wore legally entitled to nothing. A (Busybody. — The charge mado on Wednesday by Honry Warwick, shoemaker, Carlton, against one of his neighbors, an old lady named White, for ill-treating a child two years old, said to bo hor grandchild, turned out to-day to be morely a trumped up affair — a sample of officious busy- bodyism. The only evidence that could bo got to support the story of Mr. Warwick, whose tonder feelings hail been ao violently outragod by Mrs. Whites chastisement of her charge, was that of a young man named Ansier, who stated that ho had soon tho child kopt tied into a chair in the open air for four or fivo hours. Mr. Sturt : " Did you watch it all that timo Witness : "Yes, off a id on. " Tho police could get nothing whatever to support tho ohargo, whereas evidence was brought to show that the child received no more than necessary correction ; that it was fond of tho old lady ; that it was in very bad health whon sho got it six months ago, and that it was now greatly improved. Tho case was dismissed. Cruelty to a House — A man named George Liversidgo was fined 10s. for driving a horse with a-lot of unprotected galls and sores about it. The bench examined the animal, and Mr. Start, in piviiu- sentence, said it was not a caso of positive but of negative cruelty — of -gross carelessness in not dressing and protecting the animal's sores. Tho man said ho did not intend to work tho horse longer if ho could got another, and he had como to town to-day for that purposo. Mr. Sturt : " Yes, that's just tho way with you all." a n egligent Fatiier — Tho father of the boy M'Loau appeared to-day, and told tho bonch that ho was a compositor, aod " could bring evidence to provo that lio was not always drunk." Ho had not been working for threo weeks, having been " out on strike," but he had left tho child in charge of a Mrs. Moir. Ho had hud a great deal to struggle against, ho might say single- handed, having haJ a family of eleven, tho mother and six of whom he had buried. It was stated by tho police that M'Lean had himself boon staying in a good hotel — tho Waterman's — whilo ho had mado no provision for the child. The bench ordered the boy to bo sent to tho Industrial Sohool for soven years, and a summons to be served on tho father, to show causo why ho should not pay a weekly allowance for the maintenance of bis child. St. Kilda Court.— Friday, 19th April. Fudlio-house Case —In tho police court hore to-day, tho landlord of the Village Belle Hotel was charged with contravoning the Public-houses Act hv sellinu drink on Sundavs. but the caso broke down owing to defective evidence. The constable who laid the information had, on going into the hotel, found five people in iho bar, and had seen glasses on tho counter with what betook to bo beer in them. Ho did not taste the jiquor, however, and could only swear to it from its ap pearance. That in one glass had " a top" on it. Two of the men who had been in the bar were brought up as witnesses, but all that could be got out of them was that they knew nothing of what was in the glasses, and hnd not tas'tod any thing. Tho caso was dismissed. Waste of Yam Yean. — A number of parties were fined, some at tho instance of the polioe, and somo of the Board of Land and Works, for wasting Yaa Y'ean water. WlLLIAMSTOWN COURT.— FRIDAY, 19lH APRIL. John Maiming, a carter, was summoned by tho police on two charges of leaving his horse and dray unprotected or scoured. As he had pre viously been convicted of similar offences he was now finod£3 and 5s. costs, in default twenty-on days' imprisonment. John Sharp was sum moned by William Dalgliah for an as sault, alleged to havo been committed on the 6th inst., and Sharp summoned Dalglish for assaulting hiia on the same dato. Dalglish was ono of the contractors fer tho repairs to the Wiliiamstown breakwater, and Sharp was clerk works. On ae morning day referred io, the elerx was engage- in "lining , ont woi'J1-'. when no anil a iaoorer got . nto collision n , consequence of both of theu wanting to work a. on0 particu lar placo at the same time. The iatw.---1 V®' pushed aside, when Dalglish look his place, .vudthe assaults complained of were committed. The cose was adjourned till Tuesday that evidence might bo forthcoming as to whether Sharp wa< cngageu in tho performance of his duty at tho timo ferredto. .'East Collinowoop.— Friday, 19th Ai-ril. : A DorpEL Gangsr. — "Cie ar and l'orapey borry much alike, specially Fompoy." This was in effect a very ingenious defence set up by Robert Smith, an unlucky cabman, who is hauntodbf a malicious ghost of himself, that is always going' about getting into all sorts of scrapes on purpose to bring poor Bob to griof, bv being " mistook "' for that irreproachable cabby. But accord ing to tbe story told by Mr. John .Marritt to tho Collingwood,- bonch, Bob Smith must be an unmitigated ruffian. That gentleman said tbat about half-past twelve on the morning of Thurs day, the llth, he and a friend, Mr. Hood, return ing from a parly at Hockius'-rooms, got into a cab, No. 1135, in Swansten-strcet, having pre viously askod tho driver if his faro was sixpence at that hour of tho night, to which tho latter nodded assent. Mr. Hood got out about half way, and Mr. Marritt proceeded to tho Bir mingham Hotol, when ho tendered a shilling for the two fares, en which tho cabman become most abusive, demanding one shilling each, and vow ing that ho womd follow his passenger fivo ralis but what he wonld get his proper faro. Mr. Marritt told bim he need not go so far, as he livod only at the end of tho street. He then mado a " grab" at complainant's umbrella, which ho broke, knocked tbo pipe out of his mouth, broke his watch- guard, and pelted him with stones from a neighboring heap of broken metal. All this happened in tho darkest part vf the road, but ho was prepared to swear posi tively that the defendant then beforo tho oourt was tbo mac, and was confirmed by Mr. Hood, who recognised his voice. The charge had been mado last week against tho owner of tho cab at Fitzroy, but dismissed ort his giving up tho natuo of tho driver. Smith admitted being tho driver of No. 1135, but asserted vehementlv that ho was in another part of the town on tho night in ques tion. Ho had subpeenaod Dr Crooka. under whoso oaro ho was at the time for a out lip, and several other witnesses, who would prova that ho had his faoe covered with plaistcr and bandaged. But uufortunately, as so often happeus, none of iboso wcro to tho fore, and as tbo bench wero in credulous about Mr. Smith's double, who was constantly being mistaken for him, be was fined 20s., with 40s. costs, leaving him to get it ont of that mythical twin-brothor of his when ho conld catch him. His tone now changed considerably, and he begged " with bated breath and husible- ness" for time to pay it, which was grantod until Friday next. 