POETRY. SONG OF A DRUIDESS. I. BY T. C. IRWIN. When the bright god, Sanch,* has set, And the night is wild and wet, And the winds and seas in a roar, I sit at my cavern door, By the rocks where the billows fret. I have vervain, ater, and ruef For the boats of the mariners who Oft come through the surge to the shore, To buy a fair wind from me, Wherever they sail o'er the sea; For, when unto Lir I have prayed, And my hand on the holy egg laid, My raven gives me a sign From the vast blue God of the brine : Then feel I strong as a tower; Then a flame, as of lightning red, Seems dividing my shuddering head; Then my body belongs to the dead; And as earth disappears for a time, I utter the words sublime I know not, but which are of power, And the people tremble at me As I prophesy. II. The birds of the waves that flow, And the birds of the air, all know Me, Loisak: the eagle comes To my cave all famished and thin To warm himself within, When the cold white north wind hums, And the air is blind with snow ; And he tells me what passes there In the stormy uppermost air; Or, when on the dreary plain, When the moon is in the wane, And the cattle moan in the rain, Some sea ghost flitting past From the ship with plunging mast, Tells me of his late pain ; And the people see in my eyes, That the secrets of earth and skies Are mine when those red fires rise, And that what's past and yet is to be Flies forth from my tongue, fearfully, When I prophesy. HI. Yet, sometimes, like an old song, The sweet days when I was young, Come back to my heart like the Spring, When at night I wander along The rocks, mid the billow's boom, Looking out in the windy gloom : They were sweet; but the magic I own O'er the winds and the waves and the tomb— The power to bless and to damn— Unto me now have grown greater far; And, though I've no mate to caress, Or child to sing to and dress, With the high Gods, whose servant I am, Loisak is never alone ; For I sing to the evening star, And have friends in the thunder and wave, In the ghosts of the cloud and the grave; And all mariners kneel unto me, When I prophesy. -Nation. * The ancient Celts of these islands worshipped the sun under the name of Sanch; henca Sancbuin, the end of Summer—i.e., All-Hallows' Eve. One order of the Draidesses were Vestals. t Vervain, ater, and rhue were among the flowers used in incantations. 