THE NEWS OF TEE DAI , Tito hon. Alex Ftaaer has joined the Ministry a C.Tnmiss'oitcr of Public Works, an I will repreaeut the Gnveenmet « in the Lo_ielati\ e Council. As Mr. Fraser voted fo the resolution passed by the Council in 'ivor of the Government of tho day being represented in tho Council by a responsible Minister, he is now giving eflect to his vote cn that occasion by accepting office and going before bin ccnUtuenta. We understand Mr. Fraser j " tho Minietry distinctly pledged -0 6upu''r:. Mr. Fraud? in bin protection! pob'cy. Mr rr.-r-er v.,i? sworn ir- J e-'eiday, , and took brio sect at the Kzc— ,t.vo Council. ; pa Monday Mr.kFraaer_ will ba appointed Vice-President of tho Board of Land and Works. It is to tho credit of tho electors of Rich mond that the meeting of last evening, at which tho Chief Secretary attempted to speak, was none of their making, llribed by oxtravagrnt promises, dragged out by un scrupulous partisans, inveigled by designing intriguers, individuals from Cnllingwond, 1'rahran, and Melbourne rushed in a cam- pact body to tho number of about 200 to tho R chmotid town hall, and between thcin continued fur the spaco of nearly throe hours to oonvcrt tho place into a mimic pandemonium. To attouipt to deroribo tho scene would be impoeriblo. Even tually Mr. Francis spoke to some 200 of tho leading olectors of tho district in an off room. Hta Bpcech, which was a remark ably good one, was listened to mo?t atten tively, and a cordial vote ef confidence passed in him and his Administration on its conclusion. On oleotion matters, thoro is not much to report. Until caudidatea publicly announce their intentions of contesting West Mel bourne, had St. Kildn, and pay their deposit nf fiity pounds each to tho returning nfficers, no ono can be certain that there will bo any opposition in these constituencies. Mr. Stevenson, it seems, has thought better of ft, and though, on tho promise of a strong requisition being fnr- iiiahid him, he at due time was inclined to atandj yot He afterwards wavered and de clined. Tho meeting at St. K>lda to night will probably decide the mnttor as far as that borough in concornod. The opposition to Mr, Korferd ot B enhworth is not » bond Jida one. The jeu d'espril of Mr. Mewson, the botol- keeper, to tho oleotora of tho Ovens district, will he found in another part of tho paper. The chances of Messrs. Bowman and Gillies nt Maryborough will be seen from tho extract from th e Maryborough Advertiser. At Sandhurst o private meotiog of gentlemen desirous of .bringing foriward a oandidate to run. against Mr. Mackay was to have been held on Thurfidpv ovening at the -Victoria Hotel, but nothing was douo, It was considered that there 'Was- no one who would bo willing to cmno forward who would havo a ghost of a ohaiice in contesting the seat. No opposition is likely to bd brought forward against Mr. Casey. For the seat vacated by Mr. Witt, candidates are coming to the front. The names of (Mepars J- Orr, Ogier, T. Y. Ander son, and Dr. Rowe, havo been mentioned. It was thought m "some'qu'arfers'that Mr. Higinbotham ' would como forward for the Murray districts, but that gentleman lias declined bo to do. Tho candidatca'al Rich mond and East Melbourne arc working hard. Committee m'netings ' aro; nightly hold, nad active? canvassing'is being enrriea on. Our statement has been contradiutcd that an! Orangeman was requested io come- fitrwatd for West Melbourne in tho interests of the' late Miuistrv, and against Mr. Langton. We now deliberately re-affirm the 'statement, and mention the bamd of tho gent.lemnii applied to. It is Mr. Mitnro, ol tho Victorian Permanent Building Society, ft is but fair to that gentleman thatwoahoulo state that the information did not come to lis from biro, but from other reliable sources. Fuller inquiries bavo only confirmed the truth of our first ntatemorit. Wo now make Mr. Duffy and hie friends a present of another 'aot. So rabid aro they against Mr. Francis, that they aro willing to adopt a freetrader, ii he will but oonteit the West Melbourne election with Mr. Lmgton. In this instance we also give tho nanio, and affirm that Mr Gresham, a well known freetrader, waa re quested to stand for tho seat by tho Dnffy party. Thin request from a profeBsed protectionist parly to ai openly avowed freetrader also reveal? to what depth of meanness somo people ari willing to descend if they can but at cure their ocraotial gratification and political ends Other efforts to proonre oandidateo, equal!; dir.roputablo to tho above, are to the foro. On the 31st ultimo, tbo Southern Argus re porta, "aohild, ag<-d five years, the daughter of James .Tobaon, went for some lollies, atio upon hc.r father going to mcot her his atten tion was attracted by the sound of screams and he immediately went in tho direct, iot whenco they came, when he saw a boy named Fred. Tov<-y with a ohild iu ltiB aims all it (lames. He immodia?eiy r?.n and seized thi child and oomtnenocd to cut the burn-- olotheB from it, ot the same timo burning bit bands. Ho discovered that the ohild wa> his own, and that Bho was severely burn abont the head and face, and a great portion of the body and arms. The oitiid died til- ollnwing morning. Tfc appears that th. child had taken a small piece of candle witl hor, and obtained a match from a man sh. met to light it with, when hor clothes caugh lire." Mr. Dunoan, Inspector-General of Pens'- Establishments, having visited tho Rsllara gaol, to inquire into the circumstances' at tending the recent escape of four prisoner? from tbat place, rent ih liis report' to the hor! tho Chief Secretary Into !on ' Tharridoi evening. The tenor of .his report' is to t.bi \- ffeot that the escape was dno to a want o proper security and due vigilance, on th. partof the officials. Inorder.that athorougl aud searching investigation shall, be 'mailt- into the whole of- the oirenmitanoes, Mr Francis has appointed the followirg eenth- men a board for that purpose : — Colonel Rede, Sheriff of Ballarat. ; Mr. W. C. Smith, Nf.L A. ; Mr, James, M. L.A. , andthcmayoi of Ballarat. tn thomesniimoihogaolbuildiDi is being put in a thorough stato of eeourity. and some fresh arrangements relative 1? guarding tho prisoners havo been put ii toroe. Tho board will loso no time in pro oeeding with their work, and their report may be expected at no distant date. The promise mnda to the hou, Robor' Turnbnll by the Chief Secretory that th- Gipps Land railway shall bo the first lim propoaed in tho now government policy, is t promise that the Gippslanders will be glav to eee fulfilled. A letter appears in out columns desoriptivo of tbo porila attend an' upon coach travelling in Gipps Land. Om correspondent has tn no sense of the wore colored liis statement, but has given a plait oarrativo of facte. It does seeln almost in credible that within so short a distance ol Melbourne such obstacles to travelling should be permitted to exist. At present a man had better make his will before b? starts on an overland journey between Melbourne and Sale, for undoubtedly tin journey ie undertaken at risk ot limb and life. The following members of the Commission appointed to inquire into tho foot and rnoutb diEense — Meiarn. Whiteman, M L A., Wallir. M 'Dougall, Hollmvay. and Fallon — wen! out yeaterday to Mr. Beaumont's farm, and gave instructions to havo the oattlo which had been slaughtered, buried. This will b< done to-day. 'A quantity of lime and other disinfectants have been ordered to be sent down. It appears that Mr. Beau moDt's bull, beforo being killod, broke through tho fences and got amongs' other cattle, but no signs of disease have yot appeared amongst any of the Btook on the neighboring fmms. Mr. J. H.Kerr is tn remain in the district nbd ha3 had strict orders given him to watch for any appearance nf diaeate and report to the Commission at toon as he discovers any outbreak. Profo8sor M'Coy delivered a lecture last night, in thoTechnolcgical Hall of the Public Library, on 'be age aud formation of coal Around tho hall were exhibitod diagrams of the tertiary, mezoznio and paleozoic discove ries, aud the lecturer demonstrated how coal was formed : first, by tho deposition of watei in valleys ; secondly, tho springing up of roeds out of those valleys ; snd thirdly, tin- growth of march plants on the borders itl lakes. The lecturer pointed out the yearly growth of peat bogs and their spongy nature, snd showed how the exhalation of gases Irom tho lower deposits cffeotcd. the formation of lignite, and ultimately of vitrimioious coal. The lecturer produced a mop of England, ahowing the conjunction of the coal fields of South Wales with those of Durham and other parts of the North of England. Tno leoturor pointed out the g&eoouB; nature of the materials which ulti mately formed the coaL There was a largo attendance at the lectnre, and much appro ciation was displayed. Mr. HeDry Clarke's committee held a meeting at hiscoinmiitee rooms last evening. There was a large attendance, and reports of a moat encouraging nature were brought in bv the members who had hceu can vanning on hta behalf. Mr. Clarke informed the meeting than in his personal caDvasa ho was most aiwannifuh Some business of a routine nature was gone through, tho district was divided into blocks, nub-committees ap pointed, and committee rooms arranged lor (a list of whioh appears in our advortiring columns). Mr. Clarke's supporters intend to make a EyRtomatic canv.-.?s on' his lit half. A board, consifting of Mr. J. Jones, M.L. A., Caotain Stnndisb, Chief Commis sioner of Police, and Mr. A. J. Agg, ono of the cotmnisaioncrs of audit, has been ap pointed to itiqniro into certain circumstances connected with the interior management of the Yarra fiend Asy lum, wliicti bavo trans pired in the couree nf tho recent investiga tions of tho Civil Service Commifeion. Mr. Gilbert, land officer at Colao, has been empowered by the Minister of Lands to re ceive applications uudor tho 19th section of the Land Aot. Several months ago Mr. Duffy promised to appoint a board to inquiro into tho applica tion made by tho Melbourne and Hobeon's Bay Railway Company for an extension of their privileges in various directions. This promise was never fulfilled, but the present Government havo nt onco takon tbo matter in hand, and yesterday appointed tho follow ing gentlemen a board of inquiry : — Mr. Tbo.'i. Hieiiihotham (Etigineer-irrChief), Mr. Clement Hodgkinsou (Assistant Commie siouer of Crown Lands), Mr. W. W. AVurdell (Inspector General of 1'ublio VYoik?), and Mr. Guihrie (Acting Assistant Commissioner of Customs), Tho raayorB of Melbourne, Sandridge, and Emerald-hill nro also to bo asked to aot on the board. Whon tho Garrison Artillory Corps was first formed, it was intended that tho men should mount guard at the principal publio buildings, and thus leavo moro police constables forctrcet duty. Mr. Berry, how ever, never utilised it in the mnnuor in tended, tho only plnco at which guard wae mounted being tho viceregal rouidenco nt Toorak. An alteration has,- however, beoD made in tho stato of affairs, and Ly order of tho holt, tho Treasurer a corporal's guard of tho corps will in future do duty at the Treasury, and a sergeant's guard at tho Mint. This was eommonccd yesterday, arid it had certainly a better appearance to sco a sentry steadily patrolling the terraco iu front of the Treasury than a police constable lazily lolling about the steps, as was formerly tbo oaso. - Tho Mint and the Treasury will, how ever, form portion of tho system of fixed points now being inaugurated by tho Chief Commissioner of Police, and a ccnstablo will bn stationed at caolt plnco during tho day time ih cash his sorviccs may bo required. It was rather amusing to note yesterday that the poliootnnn at tho Troasury evidently con sidered himself qnitn put in tho shado by his more gaily attired colleague. Some doubts existing as to tho sanity of the man Chute, who, nomo months ainco, murdered his wife at Euroaj under circnm atnnocs of groat atrocity, a board, con- sis'iog of Dr. M'Crea, chief medical offioer, Dr. Palcy, and Mr. Harconrt, was appointed to examine tho prisoner, and decide tho question. Tho board have now sent in their ropovt to the Crown Law officers, from which it appears that they coDaidor Chute to be insane. In eonscqueneo of this decision ho will not be put upon his trial at tho ensiling Criminal Sessionr, but will be retained in oaBtody, pending ?ho consideration of his case by the Executive, Banquetings after adefeat are rather out of place Some people do not think so. Tho Kyne ton Observer, 13th Juno, writes:— "Some cir cttlars were sent round yesterday to a favored few with a view to getting np' a banquet to the Jnto Ministry. The mainspring of this movement is, wo have reanon to believe, a person who gave Mr. Duffy and his Govern ment a thick aud thin support, aud who was rewarded for his adulaiion iu a manner thai must have exceeded bis most Bonguino expeo cations. Mr. Duffy will brat consult his own interest nnd future prospect! by tho exercise of apatriotio magnanimity. We are quite sure that any political demonstration in this din '.riot in favor of Mr. Duffy will only tend to bring about an agitation that will bo of it" benefit to nuyonc. It must not bo supposed hat tbo people in this district will allow. ?uolt a 'demonstration to go unchallenged, or as Buro as Mr. Duffy's friends get up a Duffy banquet, there will bo a counter ono in 'avor of Mr. Francis, and Buoh 'small minded.' agitation can only .havo an ovil cendenoy." Thoro will be a vnaanoy in tho reprror-nt-v 'ion of tbe Eastern Province in August next, is the term for whioh the hon. Robert Turn- "ilh 'was elected will then expire. Mr. Ciirnbnll, wo believe, will offer himself for e-ilcotion, aud will take an opportunity of -oiling bin constituents during the present adjournment. ' Th« Government have offered a reward of £200 for the arrest of the four prisoners who -lave roce'ntly esoaped from the Ballarat- ;aol. Tho announcement appears in last light's -Gazette, and as tbo polioo have dready to-captured two of the prisoners, ol jourse' they aro entitled to a proportion of -ho reward. - Tho prnseoution against Mr. Passolaigno, ;or a brenoh of the Game Statute, at the Gerloiig police court, broke duwu entirely. Vo less than seven magistrates were on the jenclt — tho mayor, the police magistrate, >'nd Mocsrs. Rutherford, Adcock, Clarke, delcher, and Connor. Constable hl'Wil- iama said ho picked up tho akin if a haro in a right-of way at the aok of Mr. Passvlaigue's premises ; hat ho then entered tho house aud found tfrs. PaBselaigue cutting up what ho bo- fieved to be tho body of a hare. Ho asked he lady where she got it from ; she repliod, " Up a tree" — (loud laughter). Witness bought it was a hare beoaaso it was darker ban a rabbit ; would not swear it was a uare. ' Mrs. L'asselaiguo refused to allow iim to carry it away. She said, " You iavo got tho skin, and ho satisfied." Frederick Allen, a noighbor, Bald ho saw the tare skin jump over the fence of Passelaigue's vard. It came flying of or. Could not tell vho threw it over. This was the only evi- lenee. The benoh immediately dismissed he oaso. At the close of the oaso tho police magistrate said that any one proved to be in ho illegal possession of a haro waB liable to a dno of £5, ono half of whioh went to the in former, and ho thought a small fortune night bo made in Geelong by people turning ooramon informers. a Qovernmenl Gazette extraordinary, issuod ast Light, announces tho faot of tho hon \lexander Fraser having accepted offioe, and niiDg sworn in ak executive councillor. It ilso contains a notification that the Speaker nf tho Assembly will iasuo a writ for the election of a member for the Murray distriots in the 18:h inst. Several members of the Geelong Volunteer Oorps were summoned before the Geelong bench yesterday for detaining their havre- -aokfl. In seme cases the eummensos were dismissed, and in oilier? tho defendants were rdored to' return them, nnd pay 2a'i 6d. oosts. Mr. Hansen, of tbo Waurn Ponds, sub mitted to onr correspondent at Geelong yes cerday two young apple-trees, which had been destroyed by tho hares nibbling nearly all tho rind bark off. Ho said that these wero samples of hundreds that were in the samo state. His opinion is that unless tbe gome laws are speedily repealed some eerions consequences will ensue, the vig nerons aDd iruit- growera aB a body being determined not to be ruined by bad laws. The Ballarat Post states that " four hares, we learn, were brought into Ballarat on Monday evening, and were disposed of to some of onr local dealers in game. Tho nni- in nls were shot iu the Ballarat district. Hare soup formed part of the menage at one of our will known public diningrooms on threu con secutive days last week." In our advertising columns will be seen au announcement that the Victorian Co opera tive Association hold their first general meeting of shareholders en Monday evoning, when tho promoters' report will be given to cho members. Other business of equal im portance will bo laid be.foro the meeting. By tbo prospcatus it wilt be seen that business will lie commenced in some central part of Melbourne on the n "cumulation of £500 That only requires 4000 members, who pay tbo deposit and ,-ntrance fee only, tu give £600 ; £500 to go to the business and £100 lor preliminary expen?es. The promoters hopo that such au association will receive thaUsupport which it so well merits. An equine cariosity has just been bronght to Meb-ourne, 'u the shape of a jet black ho ie, without a : -ogle hair upon him. He is a very pretty an'mai, with a aleek eilky skin, and woll bred. His name i» Catchhook, and, as near as oan bo ascertained, ho v - : bred on the Baloon River, North Qafontlsnc, He was found amongst "it mob of \m< j horses there, just as die is now, by a : Farmer, who was ont surveying, "He v -'- taken fo Sydney, ai d was puichaicu b\ Bennett, who brought him to Melb -iirne i'- the Mncedon. Catchhook is fivo years and nearly fifteen hands high ; di?pi,?ii,u.'. quiet, nnd action good. It i? intended t i xhibit bim if n suitable phco can be pet' Seme time ago an illustration" we.3 give:, :r\ tho Australian Nacs ai some hairlesa mc,-,, ,t tribe of whum is found iu tbo eame locaiit-- from which tho hnrso was brought. ' In the report of a ease in the Collie-, wood police court on Tuesday it vos cotreody stated that a boy cl.a -.1 with deserting from tho Industrial Seb.mi was the illegitimate son of Mr. Matircj Solomon's daughter. Tho mistake m., n from information rupplie-d- to the" report. - beiDg erroneous. The boy is no relation Mr. Solomon, and his name is not Solomon but Franks. ' Tho fifth anniversary dinner of the Shr.m. rnck Lodge of the United Anoient G'der r ,£ Diuidn took place at host Rtilly'n p .- . Office Hotel, Cuhrtrg, on Thur-duy cvu :V' last, about thirty ptraons sitting down io dinner. Mr. W. G. Chapman was in th-i chair. Thu usual toasts and sentiments io given, and a very enjoyable evening spent by those present. Thu gathering did not br'.a up till tho small houts. A sorions accident happnncd to a man in ' tho employ of Mr. Gibb, of Campbollfiolri, cn Wednesday morning last Tho man was ( r. . pariDg to take a load of hay to market, and after putting tlio horse in, neglected to fp -un the belly hand. On removing the back pr. o the load foil over on him, breaking his collar bono, aud otherwise injuring him, that it was found necessary to remove him to tlio hospital the following day. A mooting of tho committee engaged In preparing for a concert and entertaiumret to bo hold in tho Orderly-room, Coburg, on behalf of tho Melhourno Hospital, m next Wednesday evening, took place in tho board. . room last Wednesday, whon a programme was prepared. As this waa prepared by iLo various friendly societies in tho district, con. sisting of Oddfellows, Drnids, Reuhahiic. and members of tho St. Patrick's Society) it is expected to bo a great success. 4(0 tickets havo been issued, and it 13 nnlm. patcd that tho wholo will bo sold, Mr. W. Ankctoll, J.P., will prcsido. Wo havo had sonic heavy rains lately in Victoria, and in Tasmania floods have been reported. In Warwick (Queensland) we hod that on tho 5th of Juno just tho reverto weather was experienced, and tho good pcoulo there wore praying for rain." Complaints have been mule to us respect, ing tho imperfect manner in which tho Pari ,.' menlary licat-rvu is lighted up. A hint on this matter should so flico, Tho following schools of design in and around Melbourne were well attended 'during tho week Trades Hall. St, Kildn, Pruhreu) South Melbourne, Fuzroy, Richmond, Pr-s. ton, Nortlieote, East Collingwood, n-fl Brunswick'. Tlio first five schools named woo' visited, on behalf of tho Technological Ce/n? mission, by Mr. S. H. Roberts, inspector 01" schools of design, A boy n.-.iiiLct William Trethery was, last night, admitted to tho hospital, sriffrn.-i" ' from injuries to the lower parts of the bo-: y, canso'd by a fall from a dray ho was drivn V. A irian named Jaines Francis waa also - -- ccived into the' t>mo institution, snffci nig from a similar accident, having fallen from a so i> fibbl of twelve feethigb, on the Sandiiugc, road, where ho was working. Wo direct attention to a commnnicdcS j article on Vio'orian railways, whioh will 1, 0 found in our sixth p?ge. The lollowiuji 13 a list of tho documents of whioh it is ;i re view: — Fox's paper on light railways, in fi:o transactions, O. J. E , vol 20 ; sel?of. c -:? mittr e report railways, 1869 and 1871 ; rem i t Board of Lanil nnd Winks i.n railway s, 1S71 evidence on R-ilway Bill, 1871, taken binr! Legislative Council ; ropi rtn of Mr. T. Higinbotham, Mr. Elsdon, Captain Tyler, Mr. Harrison, and Mr.'Pih! ; F.nrlie's paper ri:tl before British Association ; specification rr-'ri drawings for broad and run row giugis.prci pared by Railway department, 1872. One of tho principal mimical attractim# for this evi-ning wili iid tho farewell cor ri givon in ttio Town Hod by the chariMSg" pianistc Miss Madeline Schiilor. This l-aiy is about to return to Eni'lauO, and thtewiff he tho . Inst 'time she will appear in pulil'C prior to hor departure. At tho' cur. c-.i this evening, she will bo anisud hy Mrs. Cmtur. Madame and the Mi-en Carnndini, Mr. Walter Sherwin, Mr. Iltiny Gordon, 'Mr." J. Buddee, and as accoinpzLyitL, dr. Eugeno Ascberboxg. The progr.nrip-.ti is a lengthy one, anil has been seleoted wil l-, the evident purpose of bringirg ont caoh L-fi , the ai listen with their beat pieces, andthi'r:- , o' o cii'iiinfc fail to attract a-largo nniiieiicc. Miss Schiller will play two eoIos on no ..taiioforic — Uhopin's Grand Polouaiao iu 14 flat major, and Litzt'.i transoriplion cf thu overture to William Tell ; and will, in ail- - dition, take part in a grand duet for Iv.o pianos with Mr. Buddee, the thcnio being from Thalberg's' celebrated atrangement of airs from Lcs Huguenots. At tho Polyteohnio Hall, last night, a t.ow' picco, well known as The Frmslo Gauih'er, was produced, in whioh Miss Carry Gemgo took the character of Mario lie Fortapms. There was a fair attendance, but not such :n ono as the sufferers by tho unfortunate fire a? The Royal had a right to expect. School, whioh has been placed cn ills boards in succession to. The Palace of Truth at St. George's Hall, appears to be well iilretl hy tho publio. Last night this tempoiaty theatre was largely attended, and there is 1 very probability of tho new drama lasting 1 many days. Special services will bo held at Oxford-rlrrot Congregational Chnrch, Collingwood, in connec tion witli tho opening of tho New Lecture Hn II. Tlio Rev. R, co niie lire will preach in the mini. . ing, aud tho Rev. J. Walsfuid, in tbo evening. Oil Tuesday, the 18th, a lea and public meeting will bo held, tho hon. \V. Bites iu the chair. Wn bavo rccoivedfrom Messrs. Charlwood and Son a copy of Ronnie's Victorian School Sung Book. Tho leading feature of this handy li'tli Look is a carefully prepared treatiso on the rudi ments of music. A number of notes on music arf also given, and the book will servo well for «liai it is. designed, namely, uso in schools and faiui- lios. Tilt; Pioneer Lodga No. 1 of Good Temp'arr hold their usual weekly meeting on Thur.-daj ovening lost, whon sixteen members_ were iu; itiatod. A lodge of tho abovo order was ins'itn'cc Inst ovening, 14th inst., by D D R.W.G. Teropkii. J. E. Kimberley, Esq , in the Baptist School room, Bonvorio street, Carlton, when the oliii -r.5 »>ero eloctcd and duly installed, tbo name selected for tho lodge being Carlton No. 7. The employes of Mr. R. Robertson, manufac turing jowcllcr, of Little Collins-street, la?' evening entertained that gentleman at a dinnc: at. Scoit'a Hotel prior to his departure for Eng land this afternoon by the ship Moravian. _ A font thirty-five sat down to tablo ; the chair In-inf, occupinu by Mr. M'Farlano. The health of tho guest was drunk with great enthusiasm, ai ' hearty wishes were expressed for his safe voyage homo and SDeedv return to the colony. ' TnE usual weekly meeting of the committee 0? management rf tho Immigrants' Aid Society held yesterday at the Ilome, Prince's Bridge. ProFetii : Messrs. Oliphant, Griffiths, Sayc. and Sbaw, who took the chair. Tbo stale <6 tho homo was reported as followo : — Number ro uminiiig las', week, 428 ; admitted since, 2'.'/ ; died arged, 206 ; remaining 449, comprising ' men, 86 women, and 103 children. At tho samo 'ime last year there were 258 men, 84 women, and 78 children. Of tho men 92 are sick or in firm. 22 ntone breaking, 1 30 oaknm picking, and 16 working outsido Of the women 14 an.' sick or infirm, 2 at needlework, 9 in tbe laun dry, 59 hair-teasing, &c; , and 2 working out- Outdoor relief ban been given to 27 families, or 11C individuals, on presenting the relief cards of tho society. 