T W O WELLS. (From our own correspondent) ? ml . . August 19th. The services m connection with the anaiversery of the Primitive Methodist Chapel were celebrated on Sunday last. In the mornW the Bev. J. S. Wayland delivered a sermon remarkable for the absence of the disagroeabilities which mark the usual run of anniversary sermons. It was evidently the result of deep thought, and an earnest desire to do good. It possessed the rare combination of scholarship and religious enthusiasm, and it left a very favorable impression of the preacher's capabilities upon the mind of the heaier In the afternoon the Kev. Mr. Lang-, of Gawler preached an impressive sermon, and iu the evening Mr. Wayland officiated. There was a collection at each service, and with a rerv good result On the following day, Monday 19th, a tea meeting was held in the afternoon iu the chapeL There was a goodly display of comestibles, and to gastronomic performances of the visitors the mocteri aedendi were of first class quality, and great praise is due to the ladies who contributed the trays. • In the evening a public meeting was held, when several interesting addresses were delivered - s - Moody, Esq., J P of the Light, presided) and after a hymn had been sung, and tie deli very of a prayer by the Bev. Mr. Williams, he opened the proceedings by calling upon Mr Corden to read a financial statement of the affairs of the chapeL From Mr. €kwden's report it appeared that the sum desired to be raised for the liquidation of .. the interest upon the principle debt arid for some contemplated repairs was .£36. The Bev. Mr. Gray next spoke. After expressing his satisfaction at being among his old friends and congregation once again, the rev. gentleman exhorted his hearers to engage in the gogd cause of conversion and the furtherance of the ends of the gospel. Mr. Wayland followed, and was careful to avoid giving his address the characteristics of a sermon. Although the rev gentleman depreciated himself, as a beggar, he made such an appeal to pockets and hearts of the audience that few could resist contributing The Rev. Mr. Williams rose to make the "collection speech," aud said that although the last speaker had ende .vored to prove his inability as a beggar, he (Mr. Williams) thought he had succeeded in establishing his reputation as an accomplished pleader^ He thought that the end and Haim of human existence was happiness, and to secure this there were those essential conditions of success i e something to do, something to live for, and something to hope for. After exhausting these branches of his engagements, he- concluded by applying them to the doing good and working for the great cause, to the loving of God, and the hoping for the blessing ef? eternal illfe in the celestial empire. A collection was thai made, and Mr. Wayland announced that the sum total of the anniversary proceedings was £15 Ids. 3d., and said as this was so far ghost of the sum required, he would go round and obtain the names cf any who might be dognwas of contributing to the liquidation of the debt Several names for £1 each were then obtained' but contributors • appearing to be backward) Mr. Arnold a gentleman lately settled in Two Wells, and in no way connected with the Primitive Methodists, rose to ask the Chairman if he might be allowed to speak a -few words. Leave being granted, he proceeded to say that notwithstanding the energy of the speakers and the heartiness of their appeals, their efforts were crowned with results' far short of what they should have been. He remembered having read of the men who were struggling and striving to haul & boat up on the beach and could get no assistance beyond that offered in the shape of a little boy; They asked if he could push. " Tea," said he. " How much said they. "A pound," said he. Well, he (Mr. Arnold) could and would pnsh a J51 ; and if the rev. gentleman would follow his suggestion, which was to pass round a piece of paper and a pencil among the audience, many in the room were able and willing to push, if hot a- JBl, perhaps half a £1, or a quarter of a J61, for many would subscribe something, but were averse to having their names called out loudly This suggestion was acted upon instanter and the tesult was that the total reached the handsome sum of £34, which earned for Mr. Arnold bud cheering and the thanks of the rev. gent'emen present. After the usaaT rotes of" tbaaks and the customary replies, the meetingclosed. During the evening the choir rendered efficient service by singing some choice pieces I cannot close my report without expressing my belief that these anniversaries would much better pecuniarily and otherwise if the ministers were to forgo their habit of sermonising, and get ont of their accustomed grove for once in a way. Mr. Wayland endeavored to do this, but hiB efforts were abortive, owing to the chilling influences of his colleague?, who mistook the time and place, and delivered cipital sermons suited in every way for delivery in the usual time and place of their ministerial duties. It. is a great mistake, and operates deleteriously in many respects which I could name, but-their mention would exceed the limits of a country correspondent's epistle. 1 A FAIL.—On Friday- afternoon, as Mr. Sparks of Church Hill was roofing a house at Kingsford, he fell off, a height of about 14 feet. It seems he had almost- finished ; in fact he was putting on lie last sheet of galvanized iron. He was standing on a narrow piece of timber, and leaning over the sheet of galvanized iron, fastening it down, when the sheet slipped, precipitating Mr! Sparks to the ground. Fortunately he was not much hurt, only sustaining a bruise oa one arm and getting a black eye. MOUNT GAHBIEB HOPS.—On Wednesday evening Ja^t, we had the pleasure of seeing "a very fine sample of bops from the YaU hop gardens. The flower was large, and wheu rubbed between the hands the aroma was excellent, though it seemed to be the general opinion that if they had been dried thev would have been fretfer. Surely when such* sample as this caa be produced in the colony, and we have no doubt plenty of it can be grown, we ought not to have to import such large quantities of this article ; but rather ought to be able to export shortly! TEMPLEKS PLOUGHING MATCH.—It will be seen by advertisement in another column that the above ploughing match is to come off ou Thursday next in Mr. James Ward's paddock. A very liberal prize-list is offered. A dinner will' take place in the evening at Mrs. Temper's Hotel. 