? MELBOURNE SHIPPING. May ARRIVED. 6—ROB ROY, steamer, from Portland. SAILED. 6—TESSEB, cutter, for Circular Head. 6—EDINA, steamer, for Warrnambool. 6—COORONG, steamer, for Adelaide. 8—ALBERT, schooner, for Sale. 8—ABERDEEN, barque, for Newcastle. May SAILED. 8—CAPIOLANI, barque, for London. THE ADELAIDE CUP, 1872. BY ASHDOWN. Racing in South Australia had sunk to a low ebb in 1869, and there seemed but little chance of its revival. Few horses of any note were in the colony, or if there, were unknown and unearedfor. True, Mr. Gerrard, a real good sportsman, had done his quota, and more by the importation of such sires as The Ace, Union Jack, Treageagle, and Talk o' tho Hills; but breeders bad little to look forward to, in spite of the unwearied efforts of Mr. P. B. Coglin to get £100 granted by the Parliament to provide a Queen's Racing Plate. The advent of a pack of hounds caused some jumpers to appear, aud inaugurated the Hunt Club Steeplechases. They were quite a success in their way—horses well brought out, and some good ones. For instance, Monk, afterwards bought by Mr. T. J. Ryan, and whose performances have been as good as anything in Victoria. Still the legitimate flat-racing for clean-bred ones did not revive. The stakes were loo small to entice any strangers, and in the absence of a Leger there was nothing to secure the attendance of any good young stock that might be out. India seemed more tempting, and some of the best of the young ones went there or to Melbourne, where the metal was more attractive. As I write, things are much altered. The pulse of many an owner, breeder, and trainer quickened up when the programme for 1872 appeared, headed "Adelaide Cup and Leger." A most attractive bill of fare has been issued, and the result is a very large entry for each of the several events—Cup, Leger, and the various Handicaps. True there is no Queen's Racing Plate, as the House, with a niggardly spirit, refused to grant £100 unless with the absurd and unsportsmanlike restriction of confining it to horses bred in South Australia. The Cup, which was to all intents a thing of the past, was started again during the Mav Meeting of 1871, to which meeting may be fairly traced the revival of racing in South Australia ; and I must give the credit that is due to Mr. Coglin for at length having got the Parliament of last year to grant the £100, as without that and the £100 gift of Mr. Gerrard, the Committee could not have, or would not have been able to start and carry out such a meeting as was held in May, 1871. I trust that the one in 1872 may be better; and if the weather be as good as was last 24th May, I have little doubt that one of the most successful gatherings ever held in Adelaide will be the result. "But to return to our muttons"—the Cup. The stake is not so large as the Melbourne Cup, but is thought well worth competing for, as is 6hown by the fact that 33 nominations were secured from various parts, comprising the names of the best horses in the land ; Victoria did its part well in securing 13 nominations, the South-Eastern portion of this oelony 3, and the remaining 17 from the dis- tricts in and near Adelaide. The Melbourne division included the old stager Warrior—the winner of one Melbourne Cup and other good races; Romula, who should have won the last Melbourne Cup, and would if she could have got through her horses in time; Miss Jessie, whs won the Victorian Derby; Lapdog, whose nose was a little too short on the occasion of his race with Nimblefoot; Nimblefopt, or " Old Nimble," as Lang always calls him, asother Melbourne Cup, winner in the fastest time it has ever been done; Flying Dutchman, Rambler, the Baron (since disqualified for mistake in nomination); Praetor, the fast and unreliable; Saladin, the true old grey with the Arab blood in him, and who never is run but to win, and who is always there or thereabouts. The fine colt Irish King, bred by Dr. Bathe in this colony; Juanita, a good one, if fit; and Ladj- Clifden, whose pace is well known. This lot alone would be a good entry at any time, and if they could be got together anything like in weight, what a struggle there would be f<* the two miles. The Adelaide and South Australian entered to the number of 20, and amongst the nominations are some real good ones. First on the list comes The Ace—a colt bred by Mr. J. Gilbert, and purchased by Mr. Ryan, who put him in training, and took him with the rest of his string-to Melbourne, wherehe quickly secured a name for himself and his sire, winning the Maidens easily by six lengths in 2 min. 46 sec., and running a dead heat with Saladin next day, the old horse only giving him 5 lbs. He has since proved himself a grand colt, and is no mean representative for South Australia in any race he may go for. Next comes Kingfisher, another colt of Mr. Ryan's, whose performance has been good; in fact, must have been more than good, as the weight put on him as a four- year-old shows Mr. Barnard's opinion «f bim; but as I intend in another article commenting en the weights, I shall say no more now. Mentor, Paul Jones, and Don Giovanni oome next. These three are the property of the Hon. J. Baker—two young ones and an aged one. The colts are good, as far as is known of them, and Paul Jones once had a species of reputation; but from the example made of him by Pero in January last, he can be nothing but a veritable duffer. The Stag is well known here, and is light enough to gallop if he knows how. The same may be said of the deer. The South-Eastern horse comes next. "After Dark."—I fancy his name must have somewhat to do with the kind of reputation he feems to have got. His performances certainly have been nothing to justify the weight in the Cup, or the notion many have about him. He beat a very moderate field at Mount Gambier, and did what seemed on paper good, nay, fabulous time ; but the recorders omitted to state that the two miles so called is very much short of that distance; in fact, his case is the general one at country races. The time is scarcely ever correct, and the distance generally wrongly measured. . Daybreak belongs to same owner, and is not, I believe, as good a horse as After Dark. Chanter's Menotti comes next, and then two of Mr.. Holland's. Ithaca, a mare with a long racing stride and good pluck. She ran here last May, and on account of Darkie being disqualified won the race. She - got a very severe fall coming up the straight the day before, which must have materially altered her running next day. Australian Buck, a most unlikely looking horse to gallop, and yet bounds away pretty merry. He led Darkie for a mile at Gawler, but seemed to tire, and think he had enough of it. His serving as a sir6 this last season has doubtless made slower than he would have been otherwise. Adcock's Lady Wildair has never done anything. And now we come to Little Darkie—a wonder when he is fit, a useless cur when otherwise ; and the strangest thing is, one seldom knows when he is fit or otherwise; if fit and intended it is generally a good investment to back him; if unfit, better keep your money in your pocket. The Indian Queen now appears. Pocahantas, a real good one in my opinion, and as she is in the hands of Mr. Wilson, the Melbourne trainer, no doubt she will show to the best advantage. Her owner, Mr. G. Bennett, deserves great raise for his exertien. He gets together the sinews of war, without which there can be no racing, and I believe there would be a general rejoicing if he was to pull off the Cup with his stout and fast mare. I wist him the -best of ood luck. Mr. Gilbert's two fillies conclude the list. I believe that they were brought up too late to have a show for these races. They are racing looking and well bred. Mr. Riddoch's filly Lady Ellen escaped my eye on the list. I know nsthing of her except she is highly bred, I think by Angler, out of a well-bred mare. She has never performed. The above are the entries. The weights of those accepted, compared with their past performances, will form another article, and will, I trust, lead to a fair conclusion as to those that are inthe Cup and those that are out. Still, I beg my. sporting friends not to be over-sweet on anything, and to remember the adage true in racing—" One never can tell till the number is up,"and also that "the fieldisagoodhorse," as the bookmakers know full well. I believe, despite of some grumbling about the weights (and not without some cause), there will be a large field, as many an owner will chance the chapter of accidents, even though he is carrying a weight which he may rightly deem relatively too high. In reference to the weight, I may say that it is rather a "heavy handicap;" but one advantage results from it being so; namely, it will be much easier to get jockeys to ride the weight. And while upon the subject of jocks, I would suggest to those who wish to be termed and considered such that the lesson taught one of their number last year—by disqualifying for bad conduct wiil doubtless be repeated this year if there be occasion for it, and "also that the persistent habit which many of them have—i.e., disobeying the Starter (who, I trust, will follow the custom at all great meetings and start with a flag), will be discontinued, as I believe he will inflict a fine for any such misconduct, and that such fine will be strictly enforced. In reference to the course itself. Nature has placed it in a lovely position. The climate and utter want of any attention to it has made it shockingly bad, but I have no doubt the Committee will take steps to make at least good travelling. A judicious use of a light scarifier, or picking it up to the depth of three inches with a light harrow and a roller, will dompch. I_ trust also to see the good old custom revived—of a Clerk of the Course in scarlet. All these minor details are in the hands of an excellent Committee and most energetic Secretary; but I would remind the public that an important portion of work remains for them to do. Racing here is not as in Melbourne—selfsupporting. Here the majority pay nothing to see the sport; there the majority pay for " their whistle," ergo, those who value three days' good sport had better put their hands in their pockets and not bring them out empty, but hand over to Mr. G. Bennett, who, I undertake to say, will receive all he can get, and give value for same by making all your pulses beat with excitement. Some from being interested in particular horses and their success, others from genuine love of sport independent of knowing one horse from another, and many from the recollection it will revive of the May morning in England, when with hampers well-stocked by Fortnum and Mason, a choice lot of good fellows, on the top of a well-appointed drag, and artistically tooled along the Epsom-road, you discussed eagerly the chance of each horse, will call to mind the sharp turn into the course when yeu could hardly hear from cries of " card of races," " Darling's c'rect card," and vividly remember the breathless attention which pervaded the immense throng while waiting tor the start, till the cry arose, "There off; there off. Hats off. —— wins, wins," and in less time than it takes to read these words the Derby was won. I trust that a fine day for our Cup will revive the old feelings, will lighten if only for a day the constant load of toil which most of us have to undergo, and when over the success which I believe will attend the meeting will cause many a one to look forward to another Adelaide Cup, larger fields, bigger stakes, and in every respect an improvement each succeeding year. THE MIRACLE OF THE HEBD OF SWINE. —Between Wady Lemakh and Wady Fik there are at least four distinct localities where every feature in Scripture account of this incident may be found in combination. Above there are rocks with caves in them, very suitable for tombs, and furtiier down there is ample space for tombs built on sloping ground—a form of sepulture far more prevalent in scripture times than we are apt to suppose. A verdant sward is here, with many bulbous roots what swine might feed upon. And on this I observed—which is an unusual sight—a very large herd of oxen, horses, camels, sheep, asses, uid goats, all feeding together. It was evident that tLe pasturage was various, and enough for all—a likely place for "a herd of swine feeding on the mountain." Khersa, near this, in ruins, was probably the Gergesa of old, and, as has been repeatedly observed by authors, this might well be "in the country of the Gadarenes," though a considerable distance from the town of Gadara. We are told that "the whole herd of swine ran violently down a steep place." It does not say that it was a "high" place, but " steep," and that they "ran" (not, they "fell") down this "into the sea." There are several steeps near the sea here, but only one so close to the water as to make it sure that, if a herd "ran violently" down, they would go "into the sea." But the place which I regard as most likely for the site of this event is at the end of the short plain under some rocks, and near the green plateau, where the swine could feed. Here, for a full half-mile, the beach is of a form different from any other round the lake, and from what I have noticed in any lake or sea before. It is flat until close to the edge. There a hedge of olearders fringes the end of the plain, and immediately below there is a gravel beach, inclined so steep that, when my boat was at the shore, I could not see over the top even by standing up, while the water alongside is so deep that it covered my paddle (seven feet long) when dipped in vertically a few feet from the shore Now, if the swine rushed along this short plain towards this hedge of underwood(and in the delta of Lemakh, their usual feeding place would be often among thick brushwood of that kind), they would instantly pass through the shrubs, and then CHURCH or ENGLAND SYNOD. SECOVD DAY: TUESDAY, MAY 7. 1 be meeting was opened with prayer by the Lot d Bishop at 3 o'clock. VENTILATION. Notice of motion was given by Mr. BWBANK— "That before this Synod is e&Ued; together again it is desirable that the room in which they meet be better ventilated." ENDOWMENT. Mr. COLLEY asked whether any report had been laid before Synod by the Endowment Society. Mr. G. W. HAWKES replied that the accounts had been audited, and the securities looked into. He regretted that a financial statement had aot been published. He was, however, safe in stating that there was £800 this year ready to be handed over at any time it should be applied for. On Mr. N. BLYTH objecting to any statement except in writing, notice of motion was given by Mr. COLLEY, seconded by Mr. THRUPP—"That in the opinion of this Synod an account should be laid before Synod by the Church of England Endowment Society annually, and that this resolution be communicated to the Society." DISCIPLINE. The ARCHDEACON gave notice of motion :— " That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration that portion of the Lord Bishop's addrebs on the state of the Diocese respecting discipline, the removal of clergymen, and exchanges of incumbency, and report thereon to the next Synod through the Standing Commtttee." UNITED PRAYER. The Orders of the Day were now proceeded with, and the Bishop called attention to "the week of prayer proposed by the Hon. J. Kinnard, with the approval of M. Merle D'Aubign£, for the reformed churches and missions." He felt sore that this- effort for united prayer all over the world coincided with the desire for unity which had of late been shown, and that the feelings Of the Church here would gladly respond to it. The action displayed so much of a Protestant spirit, of piety, and humble dependence on Almighty God, that he put the proposal with pleasure before Synod, and did not doubt of its meeting with a favourable reception. He forebore to at length contrast the two letters, one of which was narrow and confined, while the other was broad and Catholic, and in the spirit of this latter he felt hopeful that they would be prepared to join in prayer. He had therefore drawn up for the guidance of the Church here the following topics for united prayer, which was proposed for Whit Sunday, May 19, and the octave following:— 1\. That the Evangelical doctrines of salvation— our fallen state, faith in the atonement of the Cross, justification, and .sanctification—may through the grace of the Holy Ghost become more living and effectual in all who profess and call themselves Christians. 2. That the personal communion of each of us with Christ may be true, so that each may be able to say with St. Paul, "Christ dwelleth in me." 3. That the Great Head of the Church may cleanse it from unbelief, Rationalism, and false doctrine in all its branches. 4. That in those countries, heathen cr others, where the written Word of God is kept back or unknown, it may have free course, to the overthrew of ignorance and priestcraft, idolatry, and superstition. 5. That God in His infinite mercy may restore to ail Christendom, Greek, Roman and Reformed, liberty, truth, and love, that all may be "one fold under one shepherd." "If ye ask anything in my name I will do it." In drawing up this summary of topics the Bishop had, he said, endeavoured to convey the spirit of all that was desired by Mr. Kinnaird and M. D'Aubigng, while he had carefully omitted everything which might irritate or disturb. He trusted that Synod and the Church generally would agree with him, aud make these the subjects of private devotion; and he meanwhile would draw up a suitable form of public prayer. Canon DOVE desired to be informed who this Monsieur Merle D'Aubigng was. For himself, he felt a horror of him, and wished the Bishop to put the subject as a motion of his own; he had nothing to do with M. D'Aubign€. Mr. N. BLYTH was willing to move a substantive resolution in the Bishop's own words. The motion might possibly come better -from a layman, and he would follow and acquiesce with thankfulness and sympathy in His Lordship's suggestion that they should set apart a special season for general prayer for the whole Church of Christ. He did not give up his individual judgment, but felt there was cause for thankfulness in having such a resolution, conveyed in words cf such wide and Catholic love to all Christians, words which breathed the Spirit, and might justly be compared with some of the language of their own beautiful Book of Prayer, words which put to shame some of those who held this book in their hands, and which administered a grave rebuke to their sad sectarianism and bitter narrowness of spirit. Canon DOVE would be happy to second the Bishop's motion. He was only angry that the Church of Rome should have been singled cut in the suggestions of the letter, which seemed very much as if the words were, "I thank Thee, 0 God, that I am not as other men." Dean RUSSELL was happy to support the Bishop. He thought Mr. Dove was labouring under a mistake. A somewhat narrow view had been expressed by Mr. Kinnaird, and in the latter prayer of the two 1W. D'Aubigng had .xpanded this. He felt sure that Mr. Dove would unite in this. The Rev. S. GREEN would propose an amendment. To him no subject was dearer than the unity of Christendom, and Mr. Blyth had proved, from the way in which he had spoken of the prayers of their own Church, that special prayer was needless. The gentlemen who had proposed this prayer seemed not to know that in the daily prayers the Church supplicated for all these objects. At the very season of Whit Sunday, when this united prayer was proposed to be offered, they prayed for "right judgment in all things." On Good Friday they prayed for Jews, Turks, and Infidels, &c.; They already prayed for every part of the objects proposed. Therefore he moved—"That special prayer is unnecessary." The Rev. W. SCOTT seconded the amendment. The BISHOP put the motion—"That this Synod agree to the proposition made by the Lord Bishop to unite in prayer for the whole Church of Christ at the ensuing season of Whitsuntide." The Rev. J. A. BOAKE called for a vote by orders on Mr. Green's amendment, which was worded as follows:— "That inasmuch as the Church of England does already in its daily services pray ' for the good estate of the Catholic Church, and that all who profess and call themselves Christians may be led inte the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life,' a week of special prayer is unnecessary, and that this Synod urges the clergy and laity to unite in prayer daily tnroughout the year." In favour of the amendment there voted the Revs. Green, Hawkins, Morse, Webb, Jenkins, Howitt, H. M. Pollitt, Boake, Scott, and Honner. Against it there voted of the clergy the Archdeaoon, Dean Russell, Canons Farr, Dove, and Coombs, the Revs. Poole, Oughton, Donaldson, Miller, Field, Clayfield, J. Pollitt, and Read. Of the laity three voted for the amendment and 25 against it. The amendment being thus lost, the original -motion was carried. The Bishop's suggested topics of prayer were considered seriatim in detail, and accepted. CONFERENCE. The BISHOP now proceeded to call attention to " the Conference in Sydney. Subjects to be considered Court of Appeal and the status of colonially-ordained clergy as to the Established Church of England." With reference to this, His LORDSHIP proposed, and Canon FABBseconded—"That thisSynod do accept the invitation of the Metropolitanto send representatives of the laity and clergy to take part in the Conference to be held in Sydney in September, with reference to forming a Provincial Synod of the several Australian Dioceses." His LOBDSHIP reminded Synod how in 1871 Archdeacon Marryat and Canon Farr were elected to represent the Clergy, and Messrs. Thrupp and Colley the Laity. Among the subjects for the Conference'would be:—1. That the Clergy should have a Consensual Court of Appeal to a higher tribunal; 2. The constitution of our own Metropolitan Court; and, 3. To preserve union with England and jlreland, what should be the relation of the Metropolitan to tl e Primate of Canterbury so as to keep up organic unity. He desired to send an answer if they accepted the proposal to have a general Synod or Conference. The motion was seconded l-y Canon FARB, was put, and carried. MARRIAGE. In the absence of the Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. SCOTT asked, " Whether any instructions hava been issued to the Clergy in reference to the marriage of a man with the sislerorthe daughter of the sister of his deceased wife; and if so, will His Lordship lay such instructions before Synod." The BISHOP replied that this year he had not issued any instruction. A year ago he stated his opinion that the lex loci did not supersede the obligations of ordination; that no clergyman could be compelled to perform such a marriage; and, in foro amscientice, he did not think they ought to peform it. UNION WITH SYNOD. In accordance with notice, the Rev. A. HONNEB called attention to the report of the Election Committee with regard to St Martin's Church, Campbelltown, and expressed his dissatisfaction that this Church had not been admitted to union with Synod. Mr. THRUPP the Secretary, and others explained that there had been no neglect. The Committee had found it impossible, in accordance with the rules of Synod, to admit this Church in the present state of its trust-deed, which they had not left themselves time to modify. They regretted much that for this session they had lost thepresence of Mr. Downer. MELANESIA. Mr. G. W. HAWKES, according tx> notice, moved—"That this Synod, sympathizing with the conductors of the Melanesian Mission in the heavy trials through which thev have recently passed, earnestly recommend the members of the Church in this Diooeee to give their best aid to the efforts being made to. provide a new mission ship." He felt that no appeal was needed. Their sympathies had long been given, to this mission, and were now especially required in the almost irreparable loss sustained inthe death of the late Bishop Patterson. Special efforts were being made at home, £3,000 had been already raised for a Church on Norfolk Island and the purchase of a new ship. He hoped the Church would liberally assist these noble mission works. With respect to the notice " That a letter of condolence be addressed to the representatives of the Melanesias Mission," Canon FARR explained that he wished to make an addition and correction to the letter already written but not yet sent. Mr. Atkin's name had been wrongly spelt, and that of the native Catechist omitted. His LORDSHIP spoke of Bishop Patteson's great success air the very tjme when he was cut off, he having within four months admitted about 300 converts to baptism, which fact spoke of a great work. Mr. Codmigton had been spoken of as likely to succeed Bishop Patteson. The motions combined were carried unanimously. LAY RHADEB8. The Rev. W. SCOTT proposed, the Rev. H. J. POOLE seconded—" That in the opinion of Synod lay readers should be restricted in the performance of their duties to the districts for which, they are licensed; or, in the case of their being under a clergyman licensed to two or more districts, then the lay reader shall be restricted to such two or more districts." The BISHOP explained that as an act of courtesy and discipline, when the services of a lay reader were required in any place other than that for which he held a licence, the ciroumstance should be mentioned to the Bishop, as the licence was not intended to be a roving. commission. The proposition was not formally put. Synod then adjourned till 3 p.m. next day. 