THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, FEB. 29, 1872. THE Church of England Diocesan Synod is now in session. We know not if we have adopted the title by which that Church would be known, and which will be, without protest, accorded her. We have used the phraseology of the reports of the proceedings, for the BISHOP looks on the constitutional designation as members of " the Church of England and Ireland in Tasmania," as a misnomer and certain we are that the title of the Church which he would evidently prefer "the Church of Australia," or even for his branch of the Anglican Church, the more limited title of " the Church of Tasmania," will not be readily ceded by other denominations in a country where all connection between the Church and State has ceased. The address with which His LORDSHIP opened the proceedings is one that demands attention. In dealing with it we shall, unless the after discussion give importance to them, pass over those questions touched on by the BISHOP which only concern the internal economy of the Church. But HIS LORDSHIP has gone much further, having passed under review many vexed questions, and, wherever comparison was possible, not forgetting to be complimentary to the Church to which he belongs ; a natural tendency, and one which we shall not seek to controvert, since every churchman, to whatever denomination he may belong, falls into the same strain of self laudation. In some respects, however, His LORDSHIP has assumed the aggressive and supercilious tone, and thereby has laid his opinions open to exception on the part of all who, like ourselves, are anxious to look on the theological problems of the day from a purely Catholic and non-sectarian standpoint. With the address, as a whole, there is little to find fault, except negatively. It is more remarkable for length than precision. Nearly five columns of our yesterday's issue are devoted to the report of it, and it is seldom that we have seen so much said, and so well, contain so little. We rise from the perusal with the feeling that we have gone through an admirably written essay, the import of which we are at a loss to detect. There seems throughout the address a too ardent desire to be all things to all men in the hope of winning some; but we fear that in any Church corporate, as in the management of secular affairs, this accommodating mode of dealing will fail of its desired object. The BISHOP wounds but to bind up hands up but to wound and every member of the Church to which the address was delivered will be puzzled to know, from the language used, whether, if he entertains decided views, the BISHOP holds with him, or against him. On one point, however, the BISHOP offers no uncertain sound. He deprecates angry discussion during the proceedings of the Synod, and imploreD members to conduct themselves orderly and inoffensively. Appealing to their sons of the dread tribunal before which they will all have shortly to stand, he reminds them how trivial must appear their transitory controversies, and impresses on them the value and advantages of toleration. But it is not that charity that suffereth long and is kind, that he inculcates. His words are those of worldly wisdom. He would have them avoid " strikes of word, whereof cometh envy, strife, railing, evil surmises, perverse disputings," lest reproach should be brought upon the cloth. "A disputing clergy," he says, " forfeits the confidence and respect of the educated laity; " and he would warn them against dissensions, lest the Church be weakened, occasion given for reproach, and weapons put in the hands of schismatic.?, and that heterodox body among the more educated classes, in whom we may watch the growth of that specious form of infidelity called positivism," and that " sectarianism of which we hear so much, and which is but another and popular form of positivism." The BISHOP puts it to the Synod whether it would not be better that they behave themselves, than by rendering railing for railing to weaken their influence over their flocks, especially the more educated classes as to whom His LORDSHIP seems so specially anxious. He has a salutary dread himself of the many outside the pale of the Church to whom the orthodox apply, with so much unction, so many naughty names. " Men who live detatched from their follow men and have learnt to love the truth which they have received through certain formulas, are," says the BISHOP, naturally apt to identify the truth itself with their mode of stating it. The object of Synodical meetings should tend to counteract this narrowness of our own private views and intolerance of other men's." While thus inculcating liberality, he is himself an instance of the narrow-mindedness ho con- demns. " I believe,"' says he, " that no other Church on earth approaches so nearly to this standard as our own, and that therein lies its strength. " What the standard is, is rather wrapt up in words, but the necessity of distinct- ness on the point is of loss necessity, since every churchman, we care not what belief or persuasion he professes, is ready to advance the same title to pre-eminent sanctity and purity the part of the sect to which he belongs. But it is not alone in the matter of faith, order of worship, or form of Government, that BISHOP BROMBY seeks to re- present his Church as entitled to preference. Its designation does not please him, and from speaking of it as " the Church of England and Ireland in Tasmania," he, as if by a natural I transition, drops what he calls the misnomer, and speaks of " the Australian Church," which, he says, " springing from the Church of England, and deriving her mission more directly from her, stands in the relation of a daughter, and, like a daughter grown up to adult estate, as soon as her appointments are complete, she must also claim for herself an independent existence." Ad. putting her right to an independent existence, the Church of which he is the diocesan is surely not entitled to lay claim to what is not her own, which she would be doing were her Synod to stultify itself by assuming a distinctive name to which it has no claim. There has been of late exhibited a tendency in this way by some of the country clergy, who have allocated to themselves parishes. The " Parish Church in any district of Tasmania is simply a ridiculous assumption that can only excite a smile. The BISHOP, however, has very indiscreetly let out in his address his reluctance to his Church being deprived of the substantial advantages of its connection with the State. " Last year," he says, " 1 obtained a grant of £50 a year for a deacon schoolmaster in Bass's Straits from The Colonial and Continental Church Society,' in the hope that the schoolmaster, whom I desired to admit to deacon's orders, might receive the appointment from the Board of Education. Difficulties arose, which have postponed, for a long time at least, I fear, the realization of my earnest wish to extend the cure of the Church to these islanders." Nor are we sorry for it if the sum voted for the salary of a schoolmaster is to be devoted to pay the stipend of a gentleman in deacon's orders, which is substantially the object the BISHOP admits he had in view. We have no objection to a schoolmaster being maintained in these islands with an adequate salary ; but we object to one penny of the State money going, directly or indirectly, to support a clergy- man of any denomination. The connection of Church and State has been finally severed in Tasmania, and the Anglican Church got its full share of the compensation money. We therefore object to any attempt, however indirect, and however trifling the sum involved, to extract from the State money for Church purposes. The BISHOP speaks with favour of another mode of subsidising the stipends of clergymen, which we cannot help thinking an injudicious utterance. " Parishes quietly and privately contributing to the augmentation of their own clergyman's stipend over and above the amount guaranteed to them," may indicate a very desirable state of feeling between the clergyman and the people, but it smacks considerably of that Congregationalism which is an abomination in High Church circles. Apart from this, it may be questioned whether the encouragement of such a system would not paralyse the general action of the Church. Having premised a good deal on the subject of toleration, and given the gratifying announcement that no expression of dissatisfaction, or personal grievance, on the part of any congregation, or even any member of a congregation, had formally, or informally, reached him, His LORDSHIP somewhat unnecessarily referred to the ultra-ritualistic movement at home. We say unnecessarily, because if everything is so satisfactory in Tasmania, it seems worse than useless to refer to a subject that may suggest an evil example, and introduce discord in the diocese ; wrong to refer to it at all, if His LORDSHIP was only prepared to say he had no " substantial " sympathy with the movement. It may belie his life convictions or not, but few will read his disclaimer of substantial sympathy, without an uneasy conviction that a sympathy of more or less intensity exists in the BISHOP'S breast. We express no opinion on the movement, but it seems to be a subject on which a dignitary of the Church should utter no uncertain sound, especially as BISHOP BROMBY expresses his doubts whether the safeguards provided in England can be enforced in the Colonies. There are other subjects to which His LORDSHIP adverts. These we cannot now overtake, though some of them can scarcely be allowed to pass without comment. Meanwhile we trace, as the more prominent features of the address, a desire to magnify his race and aggrandize his Church, to which there can be no objection ; which is, in fact, a duty expected of him, provided only it is done without offence to others. LAUNCESTON AND WESTERN RAILWAY. During the twelve months from the 22nd February, 1871, to the 23rd February, 1872, the number of passengers carried upon this railway was 71,584. The number of tons of goods carried, 14,717 ; the total receipts for both passengers and goods, £14,778 17s. 6d. These figures are somewhat in excess of the estimates made in Parliament in November last by the hon. the Attorney-General, and show that had the line both economically constructed and worked, the condition of the district in connection with its railway rate liability would have been very different from what it unfortunately now is. DIOCESAN SYNOD -The Synod sat yesterday from 2-30 till Old. Several notices of motion were given, including one by the Rev. H. B. Bromby, having for its object the adoption of means to increase the subscriptions to the General Church Fund. Amongst the other notices was one by the Rev. T. Gellibrand that in the opinion of the Synod it is desirable that some closer bond of union should exist between that Church and other Protestant Churches, including the Church of Scotland, the Free Church, the Wesleyans and Independents and that a committee be appointed to confer with the authorities of those Churches on the subject. Some discussion took place on a proposition that, in the event of a vacancy in the See of Tasmania, the election of clergyman to fill the vacancy shall be made by the Synod ; eventually a modified resolution was passed for the election by ballot of a select committee to consider and report upon the question next session. Mr. Barnard's motion for the consideration of the report of the committee on the state of the Furneaux Islands Mission Fund was also modified to the effect that the late Archdeacon of Launceston, Mr. Reibey, be requested by the Bishop to give an explanation with reference to the balance, between £600 and £700, alleged to be in his hands belonging to the Mission. The estimates for the two Archdoaconries were considered, and progress reported. The Synod will meet again this afternoon at 2-30. THANKSGIVING IN THE SYNAGOGUE. On Saturday offer the Rev. I. Pulver had read Psalms 21, 24, 72, 100, 120, and 150 a prayer of thanksgiving was delivered at the Hobart Town Synagogue on the recovery of that. the Prince of Wales, of which the following is a literal translation :-" Most High God, healer of all flesh ; wonderful in Thy ways; Whoso all-seeing eye is upon all men, their works and deeds ; Who heareth tho broken-hearted, and bindeth up their wounds; in whose hands are the lives of all creatures ; it was Thou who restored King Hezekiah from his bed of sickness, and cured the prophetess Miriam of her leprosy. So didst thou send down Thy merciful salvation from Thy holy dwelling-place, and didst save Thy servant our beloved Prince of Wales from the pangs of death. Thou, O most gracious Father, said st to the destroyer, 'Stay thine hand,' and dUHt turn our mourning into joy and gladness. Therefore, multitudes of Thy creatures-the people of Britain and its dependencies rejoice in Thy goodness, and are pouring forth their heartfelt gratitude to Thee for Thine abundant mercy in having spared him to them, and restored him to health and vigour. And we also, the children of Thy covenant, the descendants of Thy beloved Abraham, do approach Thy Throne of Mercy to give thanks unto Theo, and praise to Thy great and holy Name, for the favour Thou hast vouchsafed to us and all the world. Thou alone didst watch over and guard him, and in the midst of suffering west nigh unto him. O Lord God of Israel, hearken, we beseech Thee, to the voice of our supplications on behalf of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and as Thou hast hitherto not forsaken him, we humbly entreat Thee, O Merciful God, to continue Thy holy favour and protection unto him, shield him from sickness and all evil, bless him with strength and vigour, and let Thy countenance shine upon him. We also beseech Thee, O Most High God, to grant long life and happiness to our Most Gracious Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria. Lot the fulness of peace and content reign around her, exalt her glory, and the glory of her beloved son, the Prince of Wales. May his days be prolonged, and continue in bliss and happiness, together with Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, their beloved progeny, and all the Royal Family. May peace reign in their habitations and tranquillity in their dwellings, and may the sceptre never depart from their posterity. In their days, and in ours, may Judah be saved, and Israel dwell in safety. Arnon." Igfi- WE are requested by Mr. Thomas Westbrook to call the special attention of capitalists and others to the sale of the valuable property at the corner of Elizabeth and Melville-streets, known as the Manchester House, lately in the occupation of Mr. R S. Waterhouse, which will take place this day 29th instant, at Iii o'clock. [Advt I TiiEATriE ROYAL.-Sohiller's tragic play entitled Marie Stuart, the Catholic Queen, was reproduced at the Theatre Royal to a numerous audience, who repeatedly manifested their hearty appreciation of themannorinwhiohitwasprcscntod. Mrs. Gladstane impersonated with peculiar felicity the character of the lovely hut unfortunate prisoner Queen-the victim of deception, treachery, and jealousy. The character is one that Mrs. Gladstone has made thoroughly her own, and as such her representation of it cannot fail to please. Last night she played it with marked success, and was twice called before the curtain. Miss Rosa Cooper was also remarkably happy as " Queen Elisabeth." Mrs. McGowan and Miss Sutherland as "Anna" und "Rosnuiond" played their parts with ease. Mr. Anderson a»-4'Tulbot," Mr. Stuart O'Brien us " Leicester," and Mr. McGowan as " Cecil," sustained their respective parts in a very creditable manner. The somewhat difficult character of " Mor- timer" was carefully and ably represented by Mr. Munro, who, when he likes, can act well. The performance terminated with the highly entertaining farce, A Ghost in spite of Himself. This evening Elisabeth will be produced, and will be followed by the farce. Up in the World. THE FINGAL QUARTZ, CausiNG COMPANY-The | shareholders of this company have been taken by surprise by an intimation that Mr. Justice Dobson had appointed Friday next to proceed with the settlement of tributaries as a preliminary to the winding up by the Court. A meeting of shareholders, hastily called, was held at the Mechanics' Institute last evening, Mr. Cook, J.P., in the chair, when it appeared no meeting had been held for four years, and that some persons had proceeded to apply to the Court to wind upon doubtful authority. It was the sense of the meeting that the directors should have endeavoured to get a meeting of shareholders before taking that stop, and a resolution was passed unanimously that the chairman present a petition to the Judge, on behalf of the shareholders, to authorise the holding of a general meeting in order to ascertain what the shareholders wished to do. CITY OF Hoiunr CRUsHING. A telegram was received last night by Mr. A. Butler, intimating that the City of Hobart Company had crushed 134 tons quartz, yielding 124 ozs. amalgam, and lOlozs. 15dwts. of retorted gold. This yield is less than any of the previous one, but the mining manager confidently asserts it is also less than the future crushings will give. THE CONVICT DOWNEY-On the meeting of the Executive Council, held on Monday, the case of Downes convicted before Mr. Justice Dobson at the late Criminal Sessions, of feloniously assaulting a girl under ten years of age, and death recorded, was brought under consideration, and it was decided that the convict should be imprisoned for life. CRICKET AT ROKEY.A match between the Hobart Town Tradesmen's Club and the Rokeby Club will take place at Rokeby, on Tuesday next, 6th March, to be followed in the evening by a select ball at Green's Assembly Rooms. GREEN PONDS RACES The weights for the horses entered to compete in the Green Ponds Cup Handicap, as fixed by the handicapped, appear elsewhere. The races are to take place on the 4th of April. CARLTON The anniversary of the Carlton Chapel is announced to take place on Tuesday, the 6th March, when a deputation from Hobart Town is expected to attend. { 