THE RAINFALL AT FAIRBANK.-Thursday, 9th inst, 40"00; Tuesday, 14th inst., 40'00; Thursday morning, 16th iust, 3"00. PUBLICANS & WINE LICENSES-The Licen sing Bench will sit.on the 14th June, notices therefore must be given before the 1st. of June. . Orn the First dclay of June-next a-Receipt and Pay Office will be opened at Heathcore. This will obe a great ' piubliic convenience. Persons having any. claims on, the . Govern ment can have them paid on the spot, instead of haying to send to Sandhuire.t or else where, as the case has been hitherto. THECASEOFOWEN JONES.-We understand that Mr.. Field and Jones have settled their difference over the Costerfield Hotel. The moiety of the fine going to the p rty gi?ting information, has been given to the. Doreas Society. POPULAR READINGS.-On Mondaynextthe firstofa seriesof popular musicala-d elhcution ary entertainments wvill take plac at the Town Hall, in aid of the funds of the Doccas Society. The following ladies and gentle men have consented to take part in the enter iainnient :--Miss Wheeler, Miss :Nicholson, Miss Pollard, Mrs. Fleming, the Rev .. K. Hall Mr. Manson, Mr. E. Hall, Mr. Hamil ton, Mr. Sims, Mr. Lease, Mr. Walker, Mr. Foyster, Mr. G: Ohriste, end the m.nembei of the Heathcote Brass Band. THE UNITED METHODIST FREE OaURaC: TEA MEETING.?On' Tuesday evelinx the anniversary of the opening of the United Free Church was celebrated by a tei meeting. The affair was highly successfil in ePvery're spect. The attendance was numerous the tea was good, and the pecuniary result satis factory. The meeting after tea was addressed by the ministers of the various churche? in the locality, and some capital music wvas ren dered by an efflicient choir, iwhich added much to the enjoyment of the evening" It is worthy of erdarlk that for once 'ottr friends the United Methodists had fine 'weatlher dur iun the anniversary of the celebration b their greatest anniversary .; but .it is evident that the clerk of the weather had merely made a mistake of a few hours, for slhortly after the meeting broke up lhe rain caUs sloii as usual on such occasions. NoT BAD IN ITS WAY.-The IHeathcote Advertiser of yesterday, in its report of the anniversary tea meeting at the United Methodist Free Ohurch, says:' The most aemusing part of the whole entertainment was Mfr. Charles :Spreadbury' s encounter with his Satanic lfajesty, otherwise his graphic des ciiplion of ' The.Tasmanian Ghost, Scene,' ohich will not soon be forgotteli ;the delinead: tion uf which was done to perfection; it created toears of laughter.'.- . , OrCusoN v. BLAIn. Mr Chasoni has just printed and. published .two pamphlet under the respective titles of " Truth 'st Libel, and " Last Words in the case of Clarson v. Blair, a letter addressed to the Medical Gaz-. ette ;"' and it would be difficult, after reading them, for anyone to arrive at any other coq elusin'i than that Mr. Clarson is a much in jured man, and that Dr. Blair is a disgrace to his profession. We advise those who believe that platonic friendship is so pure and cons taut that it is quite safte to trust to its infllu ence under any clrc.mstances, to read 1Mr Clarsons pamphlet. 'here is a vien of pluck which runs tlhrough the pamphlet and a fine earnest belief i'i the purity of his wife which THE USE o So0te. We cannot help thinking that ip would be well if the parties who show that they are above or below the weakness of using soap in a general way, were reminded that it is not right to exhibit their strength of mind in the jury box at the Court of General Sessions, the rebuke would not be at all out of place for it musthbe con. fessed that it is not pleasant to be jammed in a box with aiman who-has evidentlyignoirel the use of soap for ?nnths. We have heard one or two reasonable complaints on this sub ject, and no wonder. A numniber of men are summoned to perform one of the most sacred duties they can perform between man and man. The majority come suitably altered and giving abundant evidence of their re spectability and cleanliness; and these are called uponi tto sit in the box with men who look as if they do not know; what 'soap is, and appear so hungry, dirty, and cadaverous, that they would excite no surprise if they nistook it for cheese.. 