? TOWN TALK. Our usual monthly letter for despatch by the outgoing mail will be published to morrow. - . A serious affray between a blind couple took place'in a house in O'Connell- street yesterday (Sunday) morning. It appears that the old hawker, Alex. M'Gowan, who was'bitteii by a dogon'Thursday last, re ceived some money from the owner of the animal, and together with his wife has since been drinking. Notwithstanding that Mrs M'Gowan pretends to be quite blind, and her better half would hare it believed that he is nearly so, they managed to quarrel and belabour cach other most unmer cifully with a piece of iron. So se rious were the injuries inflicted that the Rev. J3. King; was sent for, and subsequently, at his request, Dr Creelman visited the house and dressed their wounds. Both husband and wife had, in addition to various contusions about their faces, exten sive scalp wounds ascending from the fore head, the.husband's being three inches in length and penetrating to the bone. The interior of their house is described as a picture of dirt and misery, and the floor was saturated in places with blood. It is probable that their case will be represented t > the bench, in order thnt some appro priate asylum may be found for them. The usual fortnightly public lecture in connection with our local School of Science will be delivered this evening. The lec turer is the He v. C. S. Y. Price, and his subject is an eminently practical one. The title of the lecture is, " Oar Useful Indi genous Trees," and we understand that the lecturer will enlarge upon the varied uses of our principal timbers for buililinjj pur poses, machinery, furniture, &c.; the value of the barks; the extraction of eaaentiul oils, gums, resins, and the preparation of fibre for the manufacture of paper ; the pro duction of potash &c.;, &c.; So practical a subject should cause the lecture-room to be well filled. Yesterday being "Whit Sunday, two im pressive sermons were preached in-St. Paul's by the Very Rev. Dean Macartney. In the morqing the Dean spoke with refer ence lo the descent of the Holy Ghost, and in the evening he pointed out the difference between the communings of God with his people under the Mosaic law and the Chris tian dispensation. Before Christ appeared, he said. God made His will known by visible and powerful examples, but since, He has ispokeii to Hh people through the "still small voice of the Spirit" operating upon their consciences. ' - Saturday witnessed a boat race on Corio Bay. The rival boats were Mr A Rutherford's Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Wales, the property of Mr Lon<r, a fisherman'nt Queenscliffe. The race was for £20 a-side, and originated through a challenge issued by the owner of the Prince of Wales, offering to sail the other luat., Both were temporarily fitted up for the exigencies of the occasiou, and specula tion was rife as to which would prove the faster. The prevailing impression was that ifagood breeze sprangup the Prince of Walts wouldhave the advantage, but not otherwise, and this opinion was encouraged by the fact that she was much the larger boat, her beam being 6ft. lin., while that of the Dbnleep Singh was only 4lt. 8in., affording the Prince of Wales the greatest carrying power. The weather was decidedly un pleasant,' for it rained'^almost continuously from the commencement to the termination of the race ; but in other respects it was not, unfavourable for the event. Captain Nicholson, .harbour master, officiated as starter and judge. .Exactly at 12 o'clock the boats made a good start from between the two eastern mooring buoys at the ship ping wharf, the Prince of Wales, which secured the option of place?, takiug the weather gage. At this time there was a slight breeze from the westward, so that the boats had a tolerably fair wind as they rounded Cowie's '.'reek and passed the Bird Rock till they reached, tue buoy off Point Henry, whence they had to beat home. Notwithstanding a fair start, however, the Dhuleep Singh shot ahead from the com mencement, and was in advance of the other as they passed the north-western mooring buoy. The distance of the course round the bay was estimated at seven miles, and this had to be sailed twice. Passing Cowie's Creek the Dhuleep Singh was observed to be. about 100 yards ahead, and this distance was increased as they approached - the Bird Rocks. After leaving Point Henry the wind was ahead, and beating across Stingaree Bay the boats had to keep,well in. towards the shore. At this time the Prince of Wales was behaving well,' and appeared to be closing on the Dhuleep Singh, when it was found that the mainsaii-^a fle w one-was unsuitable, and it had to 'be replaced . by , an old one. This occasioned fioins delay,; and as might be expected, as fsr as t;e race was concerned the result was fatal to the success of the Prince. The rival boats passed the mooring buoys accom plishing the first round as follows Dhu leep Singh, Jh. 30m. 30=ec.; Prince of Wales, lh. 33m. -OOsec. The sail now used by the Prince of Wales pas'considerably smaller than the ether and she gradually fell behind, and on passing Point Henry it was found that the Dhuleep Singh was about six minutes in advance. The wind gradually changed to the south-west and freshened, but this made no material im pression on the relative progress of the boats, and the Dhuleep Sin^h, followed at a considerable distance by the other, reached the winniag-ppst between the eastern moor ing buoys at 2.47., The Prince of Wales subs;queutly passed a considerable distance outside the course, but it was estimated that had she been brought up between the buoys she would haye been about fourteen minutes behind. Town councillors" are again reminded that the business to he transacted at the meeting this evening is important, and therefore there should be a full attendance. Notwithstanding the indiscriminateman ner in which hares have been slaughtered alon^ the banks of the Moorabool, they are still to be found there in hundreds. On Friday several gentlemen from Mel bourne and Geelong were out coursing,.and their dogs being good, they enjoyed some excellent ?po_rt. Every hare was legiti mately coi'trsedj that js to say, there were never more than two hounds loose at the time, and some clever kills were the result. As showing how plentiful hares must be, it may be stated that three or four-one ! gentleman believes seven-were in view at one and the same time. Several proprietors in this district have noti fied their intention to protect hares for coursing, and prosecute any per son, no fcatter who he may be, if he dare to go upop t'neir lifnds to shoot them. One of them, Mr 0. .\Vyatt, ie going to consider able expense purchasing hares tor acclima tisation purposes, and it really would be a ehaine if Dick, Topi, .or Harry were allowed to jjQfWfh m hi# jjrfisety.es with iinjJuuUy,1 If shooting hares is not put a stop to there will soon be a scarcity. It would hardly be fair to ask vineyard or nursery propric tora to desist from shooting them if found destructive, but, from what we can learn, they are all averse to trespassers going on (heir properties to shoot, as trespassers do more damage than the hares themselves. Saturday was indeed a miserable day for all having business to transact in town, although the weather was probably such as to cheer the hearts of our agriculturists. There was rain all day and late into the night, the streets were dirty in the extreme, and the usual Saturday haunts were com paratively deserted. Mr AV. S. Howell's " manly voice" was listened to by only n. few of the most persistent bargain seekers and pig-jobbers. Farmers and *'llers soon made themselves non est, few cared about conversing, every one wished to get home agaiu as quickly as possible, and conse quently no country news was procurable, beyond that the majority of the farmers are busy ploughing and sowing. The Corio Cricket Ground was deserted, to the great disappointment of those who wished to see the competitors on Friday next take their breathings, not a player ventured to handle a quoit on the Crown Hotel ground, and the only fun (?) going on ont of doors was the boat race between .the " Dhuleep Singh," and the " Prince of "Wales." Complaints have been made about the conduct of a number of hobble-de-hoys, who, not satisfied with misbehaving them selves in the public streets, have lately been in the habit of a Sunday of attend ing St. Paul's Church, not to pray, but to disturb the congregation. On Sunday morning two young blackguards were turned out by the verger, and another was cautioned, but replied with a grimace. It has been suggested that a policeman should be told off to mount guard at the entrance of the church, and receive into cttstottyrroy larrikin who, like those on Sunday morn ing, may so misbehave himself as to deserve expulsion. It is announced that excursion tickets will be issued'by the last train on Thurs day, and all trains on Friday from Geelong. to Ballarat. The tickets will be available for return by any train till Monday night following. ;t. , The afternoon Japanese performance for the benefit of the school children, at the Mechanics' Institute, on Saturday,. was followed by a different, but by no means less agreeable 'kind of entertainment. Through the liberality of a lady, whose name we are not il liberty to mention, the children belonging to the Protestant Or phanage were brought to the Mechanics' Institute in conveyances,, where they were treated to a distribution of buns and sweetmeats. The weather was disagree able, but this did not interfere with their comfort, for the vehicles ware all securely covered. The two men Jones and Jefferson, who were discharged after being remanded for larceny on Friday morning, were charged at the Police Court on Saturday with being drunk and disorderly. It appeared that after being discharged Jones pawned some of his clothing, and sold the ticket, and accompanied by Jefferson went in quest of their prosecutor, Grogan, whom not being able to find they drowned their miseries in beer. In reply to the Mayor they stated that after their adventure they both meant to leave the town, but'wished to bid good bye to Grogan, and Jones added that he had been in Geelong only since Monday la*t. They were ordered to pay a fine of 103 each or go for 48 hours to prison, which, seeing they had no miney, they did. Shortly before midnight on Saturday a horse-breaker, "named William Collins, was arrested for wilfully damaging property belonging to Josiah Conde, shoemaker, of Little MaL:p street.. He was subsequently released from the watch-house on bail. ,>J The Japanese troupe will give their final entertainment this evening. To-day being Whit-Monday there will be no business at the Police Court. A large tract of fine arable country has been taketT~up in the vicinity- of Scott's . Creek, between Cobden-and the sea coaat, and the selectors are now busily engaged fencing their land and building residences. Alongside !. the creek the soil is said : to be j of splendid quality-black loam with a fine clayey subsoil.' Much of the land is I heavily timbered with white and blue gum, so; that there is iio scarcity of i material for building and fencing, and it is believed, when cleared .the. soil ' will be highly productive. £500 has been voted for the construction of a road to Port Campbell, where in due time it is intended,to erect a jetty, but the farmers are in hopes that the railway, from Geelong to Camperdown will bs con structed, in which case the produce.will find a ready outlet. The road referred to is now being cleared. In the creek aloni which the' selections have been made there is an abundantjand never-failing supply of splendid water, and besides this . the country is full.of excellent springs fed from the neighboring ranges. Hitherto the locality has been , simply a feeding, ground for wild cattle, but in the course of another season it will probably be one of the finest grain producing districts in this part of the colony. ' A police officer who for fifteen or sixteen years was stationed in Geelong "and was very generally respected (Sergeant Gould ingj, died at or near Melbourne las; neek. The funeral of the dccsased officer took place on Friday, at the Melbourne General Cemetery, the remains being followed by about 70 members of the force, under the command of Inspector Kabat. The programme for the concert which is to be given in the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening in aid of the funds of the Corio Cricket Club will be found in'our advertising columns. It is an excellent one, and as every member of the club will doubtless assist in the disposal ot tickets, there should be a crowded attendance. Mr Duffy has rejiljed as follows to the resolutions of the meeting at Striythesdale: -" Chief Secretary's Office, Melbourne, 16th May, 1872. Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge ydur letter enclosing the resolutions', adopted ' at Smythesdale. I have laid them before my colleagues, who are much gratified by the sympathy and good-will they express.-Believe me, Sir, very faithfully yours, C. GAVAN DUFFY." it js stated by the Ballarat Courier that an eye witness of tjje alleged fracas in Par liament House, between t»e lion the j Minister of Mines and Mr Wilson, informs it that the incident has been greatly exag gerated. Its correspondent says that Mr M'Lellan merely pushed Mr Wilson ; and s.s a proof that the push was a very mode 1 rate pne, both gentlemen almost imme diately afterwards adjourned to the refresh ment room and had a driok wit!) Mr F. L. Smyth. A caucus meeting of the Opposition is to be held on Tuesday. A committee has been-appointed to regulate the proceedings of the obstructionists. Mr J. L. Currie, in a letter to the Argus, says-" The taxation principle involved in Mr Vale's proposal is, to say the least of jt, an unusual oue ; but let us swallow even that, to get rid of scab. We are on the very point of dojng so now. If it gets (itt-ay amongst the increased and iijcreaging number of sheepowijers, we will ntyer again overtake it. Let us therefore accept the terms offered on behalf of the Govern ment by Mr Vale of an assessment of Is per 100 sheep, aod get rid ot what is not only a loss but a disgrace to us." Says the Herald--"The complaints made by the country press on the present garbled system of Parliamentary reporting has been denied in the strongest terms by the journals accused. The following slatistics of reports given of Thursday's debate speak for themselves, and require no comnjeiit. In the columns ot the li.iily Telegraph of Friday 401 lines are allotted to the opponents pf thj Ministry, against 246 given for their supporters. Mr Curtain obtains 19 lines for his speech; Mr Walker 17 for bis personal explanation. Mr M-Kenna got 7 lines fop a good address; Mr 13ur rowes 30 for a very indifferent one, Five lines were allotted to the Solicitor General ; while Mr Kerferd received 27 to chronicle his effort. But the last caps the whole. The enemy of settlement and the squatters' friend, Mr Macpherson, occu pies 112 lines; whilst the pe pie's champion u&d; UyuW laud administrator) Mr is cut down to 34. Without speaking) c the small fry, theabove selection will show how freely some journals can use the gag when necessary to their plans. The Sydney show is now a thing of the past. For the bust reaping :incl also for the best mowing machine, first prizes were awarded to machines manufactured by Mr Joseph Nicholson, and shown by Mr p. Lesseter. The same exhibitor also showed 11 hand chaff-cutter, manufactured by Air John Buncle, which obtained the first prize. Mesr3 Wilding and Co.'s patent wool press, exhibited by Mr Lesseter, was also awarded the first prize. The fame of Geelong was well su3t*ined by Messrs Humble and Co., the four-horse threshing machine, and also the winnowing machine, to which first prizes were awarded, being of their manu facture. A sad accident which occurred on Mon day to Mr Thomas Thomas, of Happy Valley, is reported by the Bnllarat Star, lie was riding home from Lintsn, on boraebmk, when he came in contact with a ttee and was thrown off. The accident occurred between 7 and 8 o'clock, in the evening, and Mr Thomas, who was unable to go home, was discovered near midnight by a young man going to work on the night-shift. The sufferer was extensively covered with blood. He had a very large wound over the eye, laying the bone bare, and his chest and back are seriously in-, jured, though no bones are broken. He cannot yet move without great pain, and is not out of danger. What makes the affair still more painful is, that a child of Mr Thomas is at present in a very low condi tion-from inflammation of, the brain, and scarcely expected to live. The 13allarat Courier has the following : -The Age, replying to some remarks which appeared in the leading columns of this and other journals aday or twb back, .attempts-t<»--justifyJ.i(as.appa£iitipn"ta^.tlie Ministry by accusing Mr Duffy of being a sham. Our contemporary says it has always denounced sbainsj and therefore it is true to its rule when attacking the Chief Secretary. It is because the Age has been so consistent and excellent, a champion of Liberalism in the past, tbat its opposition now to a Liberal Ministry challenges re mark. Is there not then something very sham-like in its present policy? If Mr Duffy is a sham now, he -was just as much a sham a month ago, and yet our contem porary then gave him a thick and thin support. Nothing transpired between that time; and the Caahel . Hoey incident to justify an alteration in tone, and yet our contemporary " changed front" in a singularly sudden manner before the ques tion of the Agent General's secretary cropped up in the House. Granting for the sake of argument that Mr Duffy is a humbug, should the whole .Ministry be shipwrecked because there is one Jonah oa board; and if so, how will the Age he able to support the new Ministry, or how can it ever be regarded as a truthful critic, since, to judge by the leaders of the Opposition, there will not be one, but two or three shams in the new Government, supposing the present rumpus compels ilr Duffy and his colleagues to retire from the Ministerial benches ? Thefact is, our Elizabeth street contemporary has latterly avowed personal prejudice : to get the better of its judgment, aud as a consequence its tirade against the present Ministry is not a ques tion of public policy, but entirely refers to one man. Such tactics are neither fair to an Administration, nor creditable to a public journal. It is estimated that the quantity of coal that will be required at Melbourne for railway purposes next year, from the 1st July, will be 15,000 tons, and.at Geelotig during the saims period, 4000 tons. A special meeting of the Victorian Canary and I'iaeon.Society, was held in Melbourne on Friday evening, for the purpose of making arrangements for the forthcoming show, to be held in July next. : A very liberal prize'list was submitted and adopted, which embraced the sum of £43, to be equally divided amongst exhibitors of cana ries, fancy pigeons, and British, foreign, and Australian birds. After some discussion, it was decided to expunge" the _ word " con secutively" from the regulation respecting Challenge Cups, 'so that they will now be come the propertyof persons winning them two years/without the years , being con secutively, as heretofore. It. was also de cided - that a class should be; made for im ported birds, in order that the imported and colonial-bred birdsshould not come into com petition.' The appointment of judges was next proceeded \vitb, 'when the following were electedCanaries- Messrs J. Kay, H. T. Mitchener.; and H. Taylor ; faucy pigeons - Messrs J. G-. Burtt,- Thomas Miller; and: p. -Allen ; ' other, birds -? Messrs "R. Adam, W. Hard wick, and T. Spencer. The secretary intimated that there .was. a probability of the Somersetshire arriving1 with .the' birds sent home'Tfor' some time ago in time for the show. As these birds have been selected in London by the eminent judge, Mr W. A. Blakston, under the auspices ot the society, their arrival will be eagerly looked fcr by the fanciers, and will no doubt prove a great attraction to the show. There was a large attendance of members, over 40 being present." ' Seven new members were added to the list, after which the-meeting separated. We take the information -from the Argus. ? In accordance with the usual custom, His Excellency the Governor will hold a . levee in honor of Her Majesty's birthday, oii the 24th inst., at the Government offices, Spring-street, at 11 o'clock a m. - An an nouncement to that effect is published in Friday night's Government Gazette. ' The following notification is also .made;: "Gentlemen attending the force-are re quested to appear in uniform or-1 in full evening costume, and to provide them selves with two cards with the name written legibly thereon, one card to be left on the table in the entrance hall, and the other to be given to the aide- de-camp." It is to be hoped Mr Walker, M.L.A., can give some explanation of this. It places him in a very ugly position. The paragraph is from the Avoca Mail:-Some surprise was occasioned in Avoca on Tues day last through a statement made by Mr Walker during his visit on that day to the effect that Mr Longmore had expressed an opinion adverse to the railway interests of this district. The report quickly spread, but with Air Longmore's late utterances fresh in the memory it is no great wonder it was doubtfully received by many. A gentlemangreatly interested in the matterdt once telegraphed to our representative Mr Davies for information, and received the following reply :-" Mr Longmore, on he half of the Ministry and himself, utterly repudiates any intention of withdrawing the Avoca extension " This set the mat ter at rest as far as the main question was Concerned, but another question of " mo tives" has arisen for Mr Walker to answer. The bhire Secretary aUo received a letter from Mr Longmore statiug there was not a word of truth in the report Mouday, the 20th inst., and Friday, the 24;h inst., being respectively Whit Monday and the anniversary of the birthday of Iler Majesty, have been gazetted as public holidays. On both days the Government offices will be closed. The fickleness of a love-sick swain bent on m:itriti(;ir)y was illustrated a few days siucp (says the Ballarut Star} witljin'^ hundred miles of Iladdon. The fitir daughter of a bouifiace was the choson one, and the high contracting parties.had named the day, aud the father of the bride elect named bis own hostelrie (no doubt with the view of combining busi ness with pleasure), as the olacc for the happy event to be consummated. Great were the preparations for the nuptial feast. In due course the wedding guests assembled, including maids and miners, blithe and gay, and up to this stage everything went as it should do, as merry as a merry bell. At length the expectant bridegroom came, and struck dismay into the heart of the bride by opehly 'declaring that he would not marry her. lleinoi} strances were of no avail. The recreant swain had said he would not enter into the matrimouial bond, and did not. But the weddiug guests were not to be thus out done ; they had come to enjoy themselves, and right merrily they did it. It is eaid that dancing and high jinks were kept up till a hour, pad bgnUaw &qy9; A capital trade that night, and has his fair daughter yet to the good. Mr Gordon's appointment as chief en gineer of waterworks appears in . Friday xii.'ht'a Gazette. He is to be the " chief engineer for water supply, vice Edward ])ot.son, who temporarily held the office and has been relieved. Mr Gordon's appointment has been made under the pro vis-ions of the 23rd section of the Civil Service Act, without examination or appro bition, and on account of his special quali fications for the office." Mr Dabson has been appointed, temporarily, assistant en gineer of water supply. The following contracts have been ac cepted for the supply of fornge up to the 30th June, 1873, for the police iu the dis tricts mentioned, viz:-Ondit, William ilagill, at per cental, oats 1 Is 8d, bran 8s, Lay 59, straw, 2s 6d ; Rokewood, William Magitl, oats lis OJd, bran 7a G;l, hay 5s; Camperdown, James Maconochie, oats 10;, brati 7s Id, bay 4s 60, straw 2?. Mr T.B. Hunt'has contracted to supply the Geelong Iudns.'rial Schools with straw at the rate of Is 9d per cental. A meeting of persons auxious to proceed fo the South African diamond fields was held on Friday evening at Brunton's Tem perance Ho:el, Melbourne. According to the Age, it was stated to the meeting that if Messrs Spence Brothers could get forty guarantees of passengers to the Cape or Natal at £16 a head, £5 to be paid as de posit, they would lay on a vessel at once. Some glowing accounts of the successes of parties at work there were read, and some twenty men handed in their names and their money, as a security that they were rmdy to chance their fortunes in a distant field. The resignation of Mr R. Wright of his appointment as deputy electoral registrar for the electoral division of Terang has been aeccpted by the Governor-io-Council; It is notified by Lieutenant II. J. Stan ley, H.JT., that " a dangerous rock, with only 6ft- of water upon it at low water, has been discovered between Belfast and Warr nambool, upon the following bearings: Tower Hill, N. by W. £ W. ; and The Sisters, W. £ N., one mile from the shore. The rock does not break, and on one of her lines of soundings the Pharos passed so near as to be almost on the top of it with 11 fathoms of water. Even then there was not the least indication of shoal water, and it -was only when an unevenncss of the bottom caused the place to be examined in the boats that the above depth was ob tained. The rock is so sharp a pinnacle that the lead would not rest on its sum mit." The following school committees' have been gazetted, viz., Break o'Day, No. 778 -Me.-srs John M'Pherson, W. Laurison, A. C. Wemyss, W. Ltidlaw; Lethbridge, Xo. 779-H. Robertson, A. Hoyle, and K. M'Kay; Stony Creek, No. 886-J.Stewart, F. Callagher, and I. Campbell. Mr W. Gueft has also been gazetted a member of the Belmont School Committee. In consequence of the unfavourable state of the weather on Saturday, Mr Page, deemed it advisable to postpone the sale of the privilege to cater at the Corio Cricket Olub athletic sports meeting until to-mor row. 