dolonial Jtrms. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. ( Atirlleol report of the Ouu'turn ItrrM.) The Hccnnd session of the' second Synod of tl cJincesc of Goulbum assembled on Tlmi-Day week. Tho members attended Divine scrvico at the Cathedral nt eleven n.m. T!ie President took his scat it the hull of the Mechanic* Institute shortly after three p.m. After prnyer by the Provident, tlio Ber. A. T. I'uddicotneciilled over thr names of the clergy summoned, to the Synod. Captain Rossi took his scat as regis trar of the diocese. The Right Reverend the President rend the following Address : — Wo meet at a lfcter period of the year than is genenilly desirable ; but the post ponement of the synod has arisen from ncveriil causes. In the first place, peti tions from BoiiiIihIh and Cooma urged mo to change my pinna, and todclny my visit ation in the soiilhfrom September, 1871, to .J-.imisry, 1872, with n rtew to the consecration of the Churches, which were tn l-c ready for the latter date. In the next place, tlic standing committee, sftrr iny return- to (jonlbiirn, FtiKKe»ted a further pot-tpon«niciit, tn enable them to oli'ain more cdmploto returns under thu parochial HSNeshincnt, and in answer to their statistical inquiries. The winter nviiillik then intervened ; nnd I would willingly have delayed still further, were it not imperative that we shonld now meet, in order lo tnnkc duo preparations for the Provincial Synod of New South Walei!, to boTiold in Sydney on tho 17th instant; and for a general conference of the bishops and representative clergy and Inily of Australia on tlio 8th of October in Sydney. We shall nil remember, I trust, that we ore a religions assembly ; nnd conduct our deliberations in a spirit of constant dependance upon the Holy Ghost fur divine guidance, mid in an earnest en deavor to avoid whatever ' may hinder us from Godly union and concord.' The true design of these synodical meetings is to advance the glory of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, by promoting the true nud spiritual interests of His church. If ever they cenie to have this tendency, it will be well for us to abandon them altogether. Let ua act ever us ' religious men, who give to God nnd men their dues.' And let us lubnr diligently to fulfil our duties effectively, as members of tlic church of God ; and may we ' henceforth be nil of one heart and one mind, united together in one holy bond nf truth nnd pence, of faith and charity ; and may we with one tnind and uno mouth glorify God through Jesus Christ our Lord.' The Rev. President delivend a very lengthy nnd lucid nddrcss, divided into three heads, namely : 1. The Provincial Synod. 2. The Geuernl Conference. 3. Local or Diocesan subjects. Tho Bev. A. T. Puddicombe laid on the table the minute-book of the stand ing committee, and read the report of its proceeding^ since the last session of synod. The reportiRiuinmriscd the work that had bei-n done nccording'tn the in structions issued during tho session, pointing out thut the various parishos bud been assessed at biiidb varying from £3 tu £i0 for general ox(-enses, und from £3 to £20 for the Southern Observer liabilities; that n sum of £41 15b. 4d. was atill due on account of the former, and £89 4s. 2d. on account of the latter. It is hIko stated that the diocese had been divided into seven districts— three in the archdeaconry of Goulbum and four in that of Yass, to each of which an association secretary wub appointed. The report further stated that the committee had drawn up forms of statistical re turiiB for 1870. These had been sent to tljn various parishes, somo of which had neglected to return them to the com mittee, while from others the returns were iuipcrtect. Mr. II. E. Russell read the balance sheet of the standing committee on the general account and also on tlio Southern (ibserter account. The following is a summary :— D». e r. i. To haliMwim Sib Harab, 18/1 ? ..„ -] 15 4 To ohhU un amount uf i-t*neral fund ? „. 84 6 e To aaflli on mouiuul of Stuthern O'Mrver ... 12A 6 8 ai » i Ca. ByimiArf dlitumcmenta-. ' £ a. d. Ornural tun-1 ? «..«. ? 115 11 0 tiotdthcrn Obtnxrr aoouunt ? ...-. ? U A By Manor in 11-iuV— Griwral fund ? £21 10 0 Suuthcr* Obicrnr ? _..„.. »J 1 B ? M II I £oj~s~» The Rev. D. E. Jones was elected as sistant secretary, and Captain Rossi chnirmnn of committees. The Chancellor road a citation from the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, coll ing upon the synod to send representu-' tives to the provincial 6ynod in Sydney, to be held oi| the 17th instant. Tlie President read n letter from ibe Metropolitan inviting biin and tho re-' presentotives of tlie synod to meet in Sydney on the 8th October at a council of advice. The following were clocted as an elec tion committee to examine into and determine the validity of tlie elections of lay-rej-rcsent«tivoR, vie. : — Revs. E. H. A. G wynne, B. T. Earle, A. D. Scares, Messrs. C. E. Nowcombe, T. Kirke, I Fox, E. G. Browne, A. Al. BetU. : The RcV. A. T. Puddicomc moved ' that the raport of the standing com mittee bo adopted flud printed.' Captain Rossi seconded the motion, which ,was carried. . - The lier. R li. Seaborne was elected dork of committees. The Ret*. A. T. Puddicombe morcd ' that six clerical nnd six lay members,' with three supernumeraries of each order, be elected to represent the diocese of Goulburn at the ensuing meeting of the provincial rynod, and that the follow ing bs the representatives : — TJii lUvs. A D. Soares, T. Dmitt, D. K. Jones, tj. K. Harpnr, D. P. JM. Hulbcrt, and the mover, with the Rok. J. O. Love, R. T. Earle, and J. O. Bolts u supernumer aries, and the Hon. C. Campbell, Messrs. J. Boucher, Wf J. Watson, T; Mate, and E. 0. Browne, with Messrs. G. Campbell, A. tl. BctU, and Captain ltossijis suptr uuuicrurici. As some of tlie proposed members were, not present, the motion was ad joncppH till next day, in the liope that they might be present. The following were elected to represent the synod in the council of advice, viz. : —Revs. T. Draitt nnd A. D, Soares ; supernumerary. Rev. S. S. Harpur, the Hon. O. Campbell, E. E. Browup, with A. M. Belts us siiperunmermy. The Rev. T. Druitt moved—' That it is expedient that n fund, to be called the pnrnchial endowment fund, be raised with as little delay an possible; to be invested in the name of the bishop, and to be ad ministered by tlie synod forthcsnstciila tinn of the clergy of tho diucese needing assistance.' lie thought the matter one of the highest iiupnri.anfc, in order to ensure the existence of the church in the diocese. The church did Hot consist ef clergy alone, but of the laity, with clcrg) ns ministers to tho laity. With sonic nmnunt of shiinic ho said he believed there was scarce one district that main tained its own minister. There might perhaps be one or tiro, and it was n discredit to the diocese which the mem bers of the Chu.-ch ol lin^lai doughtlung ugn to iiiive stri'pt away. Hu found »o tccord nf tiny endowment from tho weal thy membtirs uf the church. They ,nvmleil themselves of all the niinistrationa ; belt ; when it came to a qnustinu of the support of the clergy they did nutning. . lie had never received the auiuuut uf stipond that was gminiutecd to him, still he bad honestly and faithfully done his duty, liis was nut a solitary instance, only one among a multitude. There must be something at the ruot causing members of the church to bo so backward; Tho dioccso was liable to liuctuatious, so that occasionally those in opulence might be reduced to poverty, and find thouiselves unuble to do what they intend. It wan to meet ibis suite uf things that ho brought foiwurd this mutton. If th« parish were to raise u capital sum of suy £5000, and invest it in llio nnme of the bishop, to be expended by the synod, this, with any smaller additions, would soun raise un endowment fund that would enable them tu support themselves even without the aid uf societies in England. The brother of the worthy chuucellur had given him £50 for tbo church in Cooma on condition that the church wardens should return the money from receipts, at the ofl'crtory and convert it in the name of tlic bishop us un tuduwuient fund. One half hud been returned, und some smaller amount since. If uiombcrs of the church would remember it was their duty to help thoso who were to come after them, they would add to this sum. If ibe synod had fruin two to three hundred a year at its disposal, luy members would ba glad to uttend, and upon their report the synod could grunt assistance to their distrusts according as their necessities were pointed nut. Tuns the more prosperous districts could assist thuir less fortunate neighbours. Saving their duty to their heavenly 11 aster, the clergy wore the servants of the latrsy, serving thorn from O'.o tiuio of thuir baptism till tho hour of their death, bound to watch over them whether ricb or poor. They had to leave All their cartlily affairs in their hands, and they had a right thcu to look to them for their sustenance, and to ask them to pay the stipends p.oiniscd to them when they entered upon their cures. If the laity could afiurd to make a position for tncin selves and their children, it was only just that the. clergy, who were quite us intel ligent and as capable ns any of the laity of looking after their own interests, should have tho means of living and of educating their children. Uu considered that the motion was one of vital impor tance to tho church. Tlic speaker con cluded a long and an ublo address by remark ing upon the nputhy evinced by the laity geuerully, urging upon the synod tint necessity fur asscntiugtohis proposition. Mr. W. G. O'Neill seconded the mo tion. He could not, however, endorso all that had fallen from the mover. Tho clergyman at Qucanbeyan could not bo excelled in tho discharge, of his duties ; but he was in receipt of stale-aid, in con sequence of which the laity did not know how to give. The. rev. mover of tbo resolution was also in receipt of state-aid. (The Rev. T. Draitt : ' How much ?') He -believed he had state-aid. He did not agree with bard words ; the/ did nu good. Sidesmen might bo elected as in England, who could collect funds. Tho minister could not -3o everything. Hia (Mr. O'Neill's) district had beou assessed for the Southern Observer, raid lie found no difficulty in collecting the account. He hoped before the Synod broke np that tho clergy would lay their heads to gether, and put eomtuing before the laity, and they would not be backward. The President remarked that three clergymen— the Very Rev. the Bean and the tier. Messrs. Hnlbert and Proctor — , receivtd nothing from other parishes, and ' that Albury, Balranald, Uraidwood, and Wsutworth sustained their own clergy men, while there were other parishes ca pable of doing so. Only eleven clergy men contributed to the Church Society, and seventeen did not. Generous con-, tributions bad been made of land to the Church. Fourteen parishes hod endow ments in land, which would hereafter be valuable; aud in Sydney considerable amounts in endowments had been raised in sumll sums. The Society for the Propagation of the -tioBpel.said if the bishup certified that £5UUU were raised, it would give £1000. He titisted that something tangible wonld be arrived at. The Chancellor regretted that ie could not speak exactly in support of a view held out by the President. He could not support the motion, and was inclined to move the previous question, fie most allude to what had (alien from one speaker in the shape of c cneer at the rev.' mover having state-aid. Originally,' the Church in these colonies '.-as con nected with the established church, nnd supported as such. The speaker went into a long Btateiueiit vf the risoaud progress of ths Church in the colonies, referring to the hardships undergone by the late Archdeacon ? Uowpor, who lived .upon £160 ? year and rations, which consisted uf salt Tabitian polk, giving a. graphic description of. iba'. edible salted ..under a trupical «?# He spvke of the Church ? . * in tho time ofjftir Rjcbal|i: Boiirlt*; referred tn thejH$Mipt#n overturn: flic Established Chlirbii- in Ireland in the time, of Daniel O'Connell. pointing ont that Sir Richard Bonrlte's view was that the State woald pay the clergyman aenm eqnal to that contributed by those who put down their names ob attendants on lie ministration. It was under this ny»-' tern that Mr. Diiiiltcanic into the receipt of j£ 100 a year, ns Coo.im wan too pm.r ? to Ibnild a church. Hu went un to men tion the difiiriilty ho bod experienced its his attempt to collect subscriptions in his own district. He snid he nnd his brother Itnd assisted to -do siray''-ti'ttb -stale-aid, because it was used as a pretext for not aiding in the support of the Ministry. At the Cape, it Wjii proposed tn follow the example of Australia, but to make a provision by endowment,'-. In this colony, he hnd no hope of carry ing- ont tlie reso lution br the hands (if the laity. He drew ft pictnre. of the state of tlie Gburch in America in 1815 or 1820, nnd contrast ing it with its 'present state, mentioning that the sons of the clergy there worked with their handtdrsiffing wood, &c;,. Hn hopsM hfUhtMBSmt thinffs'would arise here, bittV-doubt«l if- it ^l^bc in liisj timo. - He questionod bow tho fund was . to be raised,., \y« it to be. iii each disr trict to ihppwtitsi'bwn clergy inij), or a fnnd to be plact'3 «t tlio disposal of the. Synod lor, general distribution J , , He alluded to the suntootation ordinance withouj n penalty attached tn disobedi caco. Another resolution passed at t)ie same timo he objected to, riz., thnl parinhes should bo taxed to nieot liabili ties on nccmint of the Southern Observer ' (The Very Bev.'tnc Oenn ; -Jnito enough of that. 1 protest ngainst aiivlhine more boing said «n the subject;) , ,, Mr. E. fi. Brown rose to a point of order. The subject was not relevant' to the matter in hand. The President did hot see how it bore on tho question. Tlie Chnncollor : The penalty provided was that the clergymen could resign his cure if his stipend was' not paid ; but this was of no effect, as the Inily did nut place sufficient value bit the ministration of re ligion. Ho remarked that oflfcrtory col lections woro specially ordained fur the supiwrt of ministers, and that wealthy people put on the plutc tho smallest coin they could find in their pockets. He contrasted the wages of a lubo/cr or arti ean in England and tlie colonies, und pointed out U each man contributed ac cording to his moans, much might be done. After speaking about tithes, he said if owners of flocks and herds guvc only a third nf a tenth, it would raise a fund sufficient to enablo his Lordship, to send a clergyman to auy district .where it in now pone bio to raise the sti|iend. He than vront into mi elaborate statement about tho church and school lands, de claring that tho Church. -if England hid not been do-tlt fairly with in the iDBttcr, He inveighed against the apathy and in difference of. the laity, bat tvas interrup ted by Mr; O'Neill, ami concluded a long address by moving the previous question. . ThoUdV. S. S. iiarpur supported the motion. ' ?'' .... , i jH. .» The Rev. A. D. Soares fanod to see tho point of the Cnancellor's arguments. He appeared to attribute the uon-support of the clorgy to the apathy of the laity. If such existed, they wanted a fund to be raised to counforyol tltutmpathy. The only way of ruljjj[u£,lbuLTumt was by making un effort. And, knowing irhal the Clinucellor's.fiiiuily had dune, he was surprisod at bis objeotion. In ,sQiieBn beyan, they lud two , glebes ; othor parishes might have the same. , The Hock masters wcro wealthy, and one net a hundred miles from Goulburn, when ap plied to for assistance, said ho: would give nothing till a comprehensive scheme was adjusted to secure the stipend* of tlie clergy. Such n scheme could be devised, and they might «oon raise th- .£5000 to entitle them. to the £1000 mentioned by the President. ? Mr. Boucher advocated a general su« tentatioa fund, and wished to (.now if any amouni raisea wouiu go w t; local or general fund ? ' ? ? ? ; t The Very Rev, the ' Dean moved the odjonrnment of the dobaW'till next day. Captain Rossi seconded the motion. The Chanceilur said with content he wonld withdraw bis motion of' the pre vious quostion. ' ; The motion for adjourning the debate was carried.,' ' ? . .- : . . The Rev. T. Druitt moved that the bouse 'adjdnrti -till next day. ?'-' ?'- ''? Mr. Vf. H. iMnybury isecoDded the proposition. ? - , : p Mr. O'Ntil moved and the Rev. A. T. Pudditombo seconded an -amendment that the business bo proceeded 'wilh till 10j.m. - - . ' .',. ' After sonjo .discussion, its to whether other, motions stunding lit 'the. name «f the Rer. ilf. Druitt should noi 'be pto ceeded switJi^tho amenfiincnt w/ujput and lost. Thp^notion for adjoaraniunt was theh^nllh'riTMirrieaVnnitholiiotise ad jouriicdUU, next day, ; ^ ., /. t r» ? ,FfifrnKT, ^BFTKaTBBR 6. ' The 'Plraiaent took Ilie!oTuur, shortly iaftor 3 o'clock, .ntdjopenad thefrocoed ingt with prayer. -.» - ..?.'. , Messta.^-A* ^p. - Chisholin, Collector * S. HTlieJcneir,; (Jiufdag^i and W. J. Watson, Young, took thoir scale. -^ Tbo minutes of the forniir meeting b&vingVM; rea3 JusB amErmed, Mr. W, G. O'Neill: asked— ?? Who is the proper perepn jo whom, questions jhoaldbo pot In 'Synwl 7' * ' President : -To the President - fc j j . Mr.- O'Neill asked-r* WjiEtjis neoes sary to jw. done .alter the election of Sir: trnstee foTchuitn'i'u'Uding to make W electirS^legBl and possessing the force of 11 Pre«%Iirf4^te««iethe title iTfrouf the-Or6wn,4 trustee or trustees^hould be elected as the law directs ; a cejetificate of the election should beforwarded to the Bishop ot the 'dioceserTnththe Irfew to the approval. of his E-cellcnc/'the Go-4 vernor«nd-Ui8 Executive Council.; The deed of grant cannot bo 'obtained till this: npprovulhaB been given, and when the deed of grant is issned, the trust is com- . plete. But K the title is from a private source, .tlie donor determines hoiw the trust is to be constituted. lu , tnis case also, when the deed of grant is issued and duly roistered, tliVtrnctis completi1* *lr, O'Neill uskod— « Has Uic inw been coiiiplird witli in cvrry ins'tanco of elrctiou of trastcps of churches in th* Qucanbeyun district?' -The President saiil he -wos not ftMe to famish tlic information ; but the clergy man uf the district might be able to do BO. The Rev. A. J). Soarra said as far n» he knew, the law hnd been complied wjth. . ' The Very Rev. tlio Dean, in rc-open-, ing tlic debute on the uio'Unn of tlic Itev, T. Druitt, said ho hatl not heard n eiiigift* valid objection to tlie ni'ition from tlie If.iined OiantS'llor,' mid be itoped that thu Synod would carry tlie resolution. The Rev. T. Draitt wished to tnnkc n few remarks itt.roply to the member fur Qiieanbeyun and tlie learned Chancell..r. Tjlie forrneraeemi^l to insinuate that the receipt of stute-nid precluded (lie neces sity for Members of ilie Church doing their duty. When he went to Cooma, it was undcran implied guarantee of ,£5-M) a year. This ho nevrr got, and. npver .ejcpcctedJt.^H^biid £100 a yearfnim tho State, assisteahr,whnt driblets catno S&idBdUlly;'tbrepVTi: ih^wffurs^ of the Church -Society,.' ifwu 3-)atn then bis unvfroffiH)ic%Atc'was ridSr«f much tuo mcut.^jjHo^dJd-'itot-flbe Uiathis 'rev. brptber -*t -QiioiuiJii^an , jrait jnto. any grca^t 4egr«, jjf cxtrurugance, Olid liowaa'1 ut a ld«g to understand why Uie qncttinn of 'state-aid 'iros irilroduceil nt a)!.. He had never asked for monry.nwid «iev«*r. would ; and «vi!iHfhc hadtoliew hi« own woud nnd^raw )iis own water, wSiild ? ether do aii than, put h|mselfuadw the thumb of any man. The Chancellor mint '? hare forgotten the -«Ute «f matters iu litiglond. He (tlio upealccr) roiuemben-d - u timo whonil wait' illegal to make any collections in' tiie Church rxeept for the. benvKt uf the poor. ThU was now dono ' away with, the Chancellor also asked how the fundi' were to lie raised. IU . hnd not indiidmTnny «chcm« in hii tnn lion, because ho withodto see if the Synod endorsed bis views, afU-r which be might propose one simitar to that worked in the Ckuroh in Ireland, He was nntcmih'nt to sue the Church in her present miscr abln statu of di-gradatiun. This; to', wiis VhoVii not o'iii/ to themselreit, but to person' not belonging to their church, who must have a contempt for them, and look upon their principles as had. The rCTolutiou-vTin put and carried. Tne Rev. T. Druitt Mkvd leave to move thut a committee be ihrnied to curt y oui tho foregoing resolution, cm isling -if tho Kevs. S. 1$. Harpur and T. Druitt,. with SIcssrs. S H. Soldier, .1. Boucher, A. SI. Belts, and W. G. O'Neill. Carried unanimously. ' . The Rev. T. Uraitt moved—' That it is highly desirable thut immediate sU:- s bit tukrn for providing for tbo suitable education of the soUrt of the clergy, and that -a couimittefl be forthwith formed f(,r muHng the necrwory nrntngemtnts.' The Rev. A. Di Soares seconded tho motion. The {tor. S. '«. Harpnr opposed and Mr. W. -i. O'Neill supported the ino tionK-wlijch.w«s subioaiiBiitly trithdrawu % by the-movef/' -*=tjfc-' ' ? The Re^'T. Bniitt moved— ^'That it bo referred to tho standing committee, to - devise some provision for the decent sup port of the widows and orphans of de ceased and dimiblcd clergymen.' It was illegal tn nssnre. the life of a second pnity, unless tho part/ nssnring was peculiarly intocstcd. , Thus churchwardens could iM aKSiire' tb'e inciuiibciit's life. Ho alluded to the state of a clergyman who, scarcely able to support his wife ami family during his life, saw before them the danger uf being unprovided for on lug death. ? The Rev. Mr. Mr. Locke seconded the motion. ?,. 7'lie Rer. J. N. Manning moved on amendment in favor of clergymen having a Sunday collection made in every prench ing-pluco, wid thnt the distribntion of the money be left to the Synod. ; The Rev. 6.. 8. Harpnr opposed the amendment;,; . ;: ;-r After* 'soinc ' further dhicussion, the flmoiidmontwas lost and the motion carried, ? ; «Gn the motion of thelter. A; T. Pnd dicombu, the following members wers * clecU-d os representatives of the diocese * ' nt tho Pryviyciol Syuod to , he hold in *. Sydney on the 17th instant:— Clerical , * rejtresciitatires— iho Sor*. 'A. D. Soares^ ' * t p. K, Jones, tS.j8. Harpur, J. U. Love, ; A. t. Piiddicoinc, with the Revs. j. C. * BetUi, T. Eurle, and D. P. M. H.ilbcrt - as emergency ; Jay representatives — the '- Hon. Chas. Campbell, Messrs. A. 8. jj ChMlioIn?, C:1*:. %ewcomb*; 'W. J. * Wntson, T.'Hate,!ahd'E. (J; Browue^ '/ ' with Messrs. ???&., M-Bette, M. Perry, * ' and Captain Rossi hi emergency. / 'The follo'wii)g'Wer«^ectod to represent the synod at the central conference to bo held in Sydnoy jn^qvembor :— ^Clergy-— tbn Very Rev, the Dftan, ud the Hers. T. Diwtt and ^TD', Boara, with, the ~Revs. D.*jSb?6nea£n|S.!B.* fiarpiir as # eniergepcirJay-. ropre»entative»^4hB Hon. C.ttampbeil- Caplaik Ro66i»and -a Mr.*A.'Mj'B6tt«, ffith iMessrs.. Joplin and Watson as^emergencr. ' i- TbeBer.^VPruitt moved— Toat it li at ooca -£? rijhl ani Jutr of tha apiwl to p»n(|a for Uu a]irjolatmeo( er.«l«cUon of any futu« ,' .' fcano^tfe«Wa%fe- tliatm«toanlUaeWppdkitcI * toOr.w.jpaliwdlliaoMt.rlh.n^UllM^Ubrtaitar, , ., ^ Thqy--were /here*ajjntegralipart - 6T tl.e' , Catliolip cnurchj and it Was their right. '/?, % ^d«1n^jiltotiaaltel*DVilf6n*intlieShnrch: *' ' '^ for the the highest to the lowest officers. He had been gritvod by hearing that the diocese of Batlarat&ad; seen offered to. their bishop ; btitjfaa was greatly relieved when tolflJhyllittiOordsnip thnt bo never JSawJ any intention & ajpep«ug, it. He would netconoove *tgreater blow «j the diocese of Goulburn then the loss of their *siS^d$ifflW|.!^nWBlrWT.' gentlemtn estimable qUaliues- ofUio president.] H» tniBtea the day waa for distant when ha would ^J*enJ««u4hew.v Still, while the &T0PU;»Sf1n Witt *nd etren u, it WBs'tho'Bt!tfet*ime W Wake pronsior, for whafmttst»oon»r-ttr later take place, *ud*s'machas:|-o«tiblo ^ secgro the church from every Bccidont or danger. - ' ' The.Ar^^sbop3^ ^ntoAnwhjMl no power to appoint m bishop to this diocese. Thb synod alone hod &e; power, and lione . otbe ,a Some might say that the jmperiul power of Great Dritain bod the power ; but hc^tdarril it lind not, twcanKC evrrn , if a Wshop *tn wiil''bnt they- could reject him. The igmnd alnne liail tlir tymcr to appoint tlirir opiritunl head. Hn» flu wnro thry to get « liishoji ? fTho Rev. S. K. Hnrpnr : Uy Hip Act «.f William IV.) Hr fnnnii tlmt min-frters ft the en wn refi nil In appoint ; nnd tlir Aiclil-islioj- of Cant--rlinrv oupht nut t/i Iw urmciVwitli a |mwor «itnilnr to that of tho Pope of Rninr. Thn British pnrlin m^nt lihil tin nnUinrily over' tlioni. Pro vision for Hip poml povrmnimt of the T' church inual. emanate Imm the hviiimI. In luiRlnii'l. no Jiishi-pC'iiMMiiniiion«ln- cl'rpv anil lailv In tnei-t tiijfcther. Hi1 Tcpndiplin Dip nlra «f nny nthcr nnthonlr than thai i-f thr mixkI, nnit thry must ^ rrrnomltfr Ihnl thr ili.itvjy of Newcastle ', linrl mmlftliisni- iilij«:ti.f joint reference. . The. r»v--rrnil jtrntipman jimcoedrd at ' cnnniaVqihlr IwiktIi J.. in«Ut npo« lh» fnet (hat Knfclish ministro hurl rrfiisiHl, mill tho Qncr-n had no powfer (n nominate ?'??ialiop. Mr. fl. C. .To|-lin i«onaetl Uic nmt on. The Itev. R. S. Harpnr rose on n point «tf nrdVr. H-- wn* wic* »nt--rlaino I »t thin .mnst ^iinsrrnnit mijlion, whicn; in MiUoJ ttaQiiofn.anrlwi.itlil deprive her of ?' milhorilyoror'H'rfwnthiirph. Heiiriiiitl ? that Iio'nl Kimlirrlt-y refused to ncnrl ?Msiitipa *o -rtii- ij^i'piTii^'-itiiftilinjJy Hi nnriKii territorial jims'liL-timi without the coiiBent «f the IihmiI ?I'-jrinlatiiri-B. Ho must rail np'mi the PrmMnnt tn nrf.iwin ent«rlniii. this I'hntiftti. He held in hi .,' hand aii Art of Parliinmnt whirh an :^'* ? pointed 4errilnrinl jtiriadicticin tn the ';-jBi«hnpof Ooniliiirn Jnil his RiiropRmMN. which lindWn grimed wi-* th* full ' VniicLion of Jho lr-gii«W*nro. He would . ' Ijk* to hop ? unpciiiirn of colon inl epiacn rml manufactory. If he pot onp. he ! mijrirt m»l-c a *ma1l furliino hr showing ''Mm at two-ppnci*. So lonjr hk Uip. Queen ' Win head of tho Church?' die must nend kLUiA *» kiw «i(«tfuii*« rlinntrli aim eonid not nsnijin lorritorial jnrisdiclion. Thin . -however had already been done in «lio cane of Goiilhnrn for w. Thin motion WBKContrarr Ao.iliP -«pint nn«J wonlinjr 'f tlie law. It wan interf-rinp with thp ? 'nowpr of the PoTcreinn nnd of the Ippis ' lRtnn- of Uip cilony, which hnd prant-'d a corporation to the binhop and his micpp« m-ri-. The speaker proeecdM at cmiRiil ' frol-1» len^h to rhacteriix1 the motion :m rc1-o1linu« nnA Ft'ninii in it» tnndfiiciiv. Mr. \\. B.-t«» would move the f..ll»w ,-ing amendment:— ' ' JThlit tlif futun- niwrintnuill «f M.V-tn In X-» ««iil-i , W«l« U m* ' «iH-rt »f i'ltnl trtmnv «» -M Pmtln cW Synod of Sfi» ».uth W.lw 1«r oMi«l-l«ml'ii«»4 n pnrt. * Tli.lthfC»nFti.lciif-nw-'h''I»nf»llTr» 1.1J il»wn tlmt m Art I* n- n-nrt»l 'r''1 *?'? »» ,'» hlirtlnB -m 'h» Pliitn* In -H- al'««f . nnlnn ..lirUoiini ? t» If »m«» .nil liir »-«hi ?-?»-? «'??* *- ajulnnw fc. t..t. M.U. Ibr till. -I«»h* Wn, ^.«llw4. ». Tli .1 thi .t .inline emwotrw t» tn«tmcin1 lo i«m tni™ f.ir thrrtnalan of - Mihrn. t» l»i- ?'? «r Ooullnini In Ihr »»ml of ? nmncc muttint to*n Uw rolo. m»«» hjr ' Kich |ir thwtal .rn»l «n- «enfr»l ?»??«* «b«ll »??».? onlTUnllT.n*Wii-T.lrr»nl.llon.1wT»l:Ml«»»bll0l«1 (rf ihr «lml«i of bl'bnpi «i h4l thll |l-irfiiM. The IW. I). K* Jones Rpconded the a nendnient, tliouuli he hail inlendv.1 to . «nppiirt the original motion. Tho long connection of tliechnreh with the crown tnado men look uimn thu bishops n« merv crcatnrei of the rrotrn. Tic declared that . in EiiRland the ririit of the church to ? appoint her own InshopB was recognised. The dean nnd chapter elected ? pcraon to preside ov«-r them, nnd the Queen knew notliing of the man «he was said l/i nominate. The premier of England madit the nomination. (The Wry Itev. tlu- J)«in : Ni'thing of tlio sort.) They had ' reason in tliis oniony to In- tlinnkfiil tVil they had no ennneciion nith the sttile. The Chancpllor thought the amend ment anperior lo the original motion ; lint -? could not mreo willi tlic latter portion*. Hn had not gathereil from nny speaker -who it wan that gave this right U- the Fymid. He was oneof those who thought tho granting of the syuudicol system u grarc error. ' SATUnPAV, 8RPTEHBRII 7. The Chancellor laid on the talile a model deed for the conveyance of laud fur church pnrpoRpg. ' ' It having hi'en agreed that the stand ing orders lie suniiendod, Tho Jlev. J. O. Lo've moved without \- notice— ? th.1 tho itslit mormi «w fwMm* ?» Ito'wrrtirr ' cfih««riin4he rKHpntlhllr TiH|imtM « wnununlnO . *l«i th- lionnmHnihr mbi-Vr tor w.lk. witli ji rlnr «» oW«ta for thf elwltd [munbert i* tn. nnad the «njf f .dllUm f.ir at «i lint th« «!rn«1« -* lh- chureh In tjl« to.ni,-nj .™t*T tMr hr,*bmn tn Vwiori. -n-omm»n . with the dnwy of «ll o'hw nViyHntiwHonl. The Rev. A. T. Puddicomhe seconded the moti in. which wbb carried. ? The debute ou the motion of the Rev. T;Druitt, relative -a ilie election of futora . bishopSj was reKuniel. ' The. Chancellor continued his speech commenced on the previous evening. ' ? Thei'Ilev.' T. J-raitt rpplied. Seven , bishops JofAnstralia agreed jirettycloBoly A witli hiii views that it was timo to make nrraugement nimilar to those he now firo ? posed.' Itewas ready to accede ton verlml 1 altera^on Jf Ihe iynod endorsed Hie prin .ciplepf.tiiSimptipn,, jHeliad no aesire in particular to see n colonial clergrmrn ' bishop of the diocese, but the boat miln |j ? to be procured. ^ He ; Marco thought any ' clepBy^ei. in tte colony wonld Me will ing to undertake tlio onerous duties. . He did not agree with Ui-1 Views erprcsBfd by the learned chancellor, nnd he bclinved that the thiircJi of Clirint should hare a ,' ' voice in allihingB in,which its welfare 1 ' . was ooncerneJ.' .With regard to thepro , ? ??? rincjal«ynod,he did not see why it should . be lower than a dioaaan synod. He . jioa\i wiJidtaw Jiis moUon in order to / adopt the greater portion «f the amend '? went. . -:. ??? - - ? ? .-.?. ? -? . 'Mr. A. 'M.^Bctls projiosed to withdraw ' inhismendnieat»HAcw|)rd»after'nn- /. leuiiwcUonaiiiyiUsypod.*! ',;. ?'?? 4 M-BHe-iS.8.iHarpnr: The president : -had:nbtright-' in law to enterUin the it\ wi^ L^tt a-n-a; ha(! tte, righttt. in ' iif/ere with U* prerogaUro of tliecrown. . Thereto mover .had been ao Jong, in the tlergy that heiiad -become n republican. r f TheJttiV^X J)rottt^ (to order. -The I, repDulican.) J^Qie/,««»- the Church vS ? England in the cohmy, «nd ootaniide ? -pendtnt iihnrch like Cinhop Uailey's, 'and !S J0M* *fe»;ttft«4-H««M..iiodnej! tteiu. ' ' .W£ile'they were of UieCJiKrcb of Ehg '. ..' ^apa,J|;*'Wi»ii .ja.Tcbcllijma^iiotion. ' fie \-- ?'. deprecated the sneer made at oiini6Wre in ' i - England, ^od the Archu'uhup u( Canter ?-:' bu7. ItTraith*iot«nU-m«|thcclcrica tnrnihirro to Heel one of tbwnnelves nn his fonMiiir* Kiircesiuv. The Qaocn has it right to elect, mid no one had a right to KiiKtjnitt to Iiit (Oh 1 oh !) If nppiicn tifitywrre made tn form thcmtolves into an AtiKHrnu clinivh, liberty would In jrrant^d «» it was gntnti'd tu tho Irish church. Tin1 appa or wi-nt on to talk al mil » he ri'lati'n« of tho c .loni** with Knirlnnd a riwirt time sincp when England would hare thrown them off. TIip ann-ndniPiit as altcml was thun put nnd carrii-d. The Rev. 1). K. Jones tuoved — Tti«t ib ? Art « Willium I V, Nn. S. wl'li « Ti^» to lu 4tn*«t Imcnt. l» tn*4f hr thi- *\\-n»A ft ?Ulj-Tt ofinlnl tr ri-nrna- rrora lh'-ll'«»in ?m'4 in Iht linrlndjl --11») .-t V,.w Smirti W.I.. fnr mn-Mmllmi Wul irpnrt. Kvt-ry claiiR'-cuncerning trustees wnsdn frrtiv«;nl«n throne ffernngto cliurrh wnrdpiis. ]u Victoria, ho waso-mpplli-d (o niake n Inlnratjnn that im wns a mPtiihi-r of thr Church of Enirlnii.I. Jr. A. M. tlittt* Rpconded the motinn. Tin- Rev. Thus. Drnilt wonld like to nee rpgiiiatintiH drawn np hy tlic pmvincial itvnoil that wonld ennhle them to cany out the provision* of the aetcomfniinhiy. The churchwardens mnst Im' elecU-d from the parifdiioiiero, nnd every parishioner must communicate at leant three times a year, so that he must Ira a member of the Church of England. VOKIIAV SKI'TEWBUn 9. The Rev. T. Pniitt aski-d if any Rhnre or jtortlon or intercut ariKing from the nonncKl f-f CAiHIiif t.hclate RotartCainp- lu-ll, of tlio Wimrf, Syd.iey, is received for the lienefit ^f Uie widows of the clergy in this diocese ? or if tilir aiiiuunt has tivpr hnuii Riven to us to tho uso or nppro |iriation of the -!«i'l lieqnost t The Pri'siih-Ht : No share or portion or interest linn over been received, nor uny ncconnt -if its dislrilmtiiin furnished. The R.v. 8. S. Hnrpur n-snm»l the debate cm the motion vr the ltur. D. K. ?liinos mi the Clinrcli Aft. The ino'ion wiik |-nt aniilost, 9 memburii votinc i' lnvor-.fit,anil 21 ngaiimt. The Rev. T. Ormtt mu-nl— Th.l on Jdrtini Hi' iTOOHMitanii. m,.[ loi to vhinh th-chu.ch i» lUMi- fnnnlli'ooii.unloliuijf inthtmi t«onhv TiriM. rf,.wt ..rMwrti- lu till, rfluw. llir.nrtilenlb»rt™i..nil. Ihi.ijrp . ?! n«,ra.iiiili4« lb«l ..«,n,.«mivtil«.l|v tniy b.-. .11 «i* |W|-rri« lij (^n^ri»I to « !-?»?* «f tni-«' «ii|.niiil.nl hr Ih- «rn.J i'fihi-illi- er4:i«i'illu'l»rih-'futuieHllpr-|imrcnin'cl orl«n-.llir.l f»tb8rf..nch l«.nr |«rt .f Ibi dl«*M h-wrtiH In .ildi «?«.?«. . When he went to Cmima tho ttnsts of tln- clui'ch |iripi-rty wt«ro iiacoiuplcto. \\..w tni-it/'i-K wore however ii|i|ioii (oil, hut the (li'''l- of the laud had eittiur ni-ver Iii-pii ifssiiiil -ir wpru not to Im fi.imd. IIo allinlvd to the difliculliiw arising from dpalh« ard depttrturthi hrvakiuj; op trnnlK tthit'h worn upi-i-r properly filhil, up. He dcplareil it woiild be hulter fur the hishop to he sole trustee ; hut as his lordship hnd said he could not he so, he had worded liis motion n« lie m-w hmught it liefnre them. He thnaght all di-ed« ahnuld bo (,'nthered together nnd placed in the r-'gistrv oHice of the diocso. The r«v. uppnkcr wont at a great length into the difficulties and dnngew of the preseut evKtem. The Very Rev. the Pciin seconded tha motion. Tin1 Rpv. A. D. Soures moved as an aniendoit'iiU— nut Inumiub ?« 'K« -Uliitlml InfonnnlloB with «SS!™??!!I. »r.V..tw ..fU» thun* I. . rjr, ln.,m -Mi,tli« ?unlini uwimlUM l« mjaoilM to like .11 ii«««iirT ttv »-- P'« «- «*» '''? »Bl1 »b«n»»»»r It I. founl-Kt. TbitMif i«..Mrtr-iftln rtivrah b -? not rcrlmlirtulrcnnrrynl.tb.t ImmHutr *ih !«? inlcii l.«eiiw»li.iimn..tbi.«li««li. iid. «.«« ntunt rx.ir.1 of »II *-ft' ?* -*unh prowry -? it* In tk. inrlt»4 to -tai»ait lh-i. droll «' titlw wnb Ibe nflrtnr far«i-4o«)r. ' The Iter. fi. 8. riarpur seconded the niiiiMidnioiit. The Rev. T. Drnitt, with the. leave of tlio houso, would withdraw h!s umiiitn if his rev. friend would withdraw his amend ment. The Rev. A. T). Sonrcs : The stand ing committee wpro nnver uiiipow..red to got tho church dueds, but only (statistical information. The motion ami amendment w^rn both wilhdrnwn upon the undi-rstnuding that the standing committee should look into the matter. The Rev. T. Dniitt, on behalf of Mr. T. Herbert, moved the following resolu tions standing in his name :— Th«l in the aplnl'Mi of Ibb lw«u«. hommiMf mjmUw. l»thhrMi4d«M.-h-ll I* «M Dweuur uJ fteuial IhJ tmiTol M- M.m. : »na ~n*«» ?)«? *?« 'wo hrnrn' nltrtnlwion unit! t*n r Jn. t There being no seconders, both motions lapsed. . The honse then went into committee to consider the following report of the com mittee on the p.irochinl fund ; — Thtt th« PrxUmt la tninBitM tit l- m «n M-tM u,on th. «M« «'?» w-o- btal jmdowiDMii fun.l. U 1* ?nit to .11 the dm ini diurchMrdm. mi mnm, rtld. iUim rtill U mi to mn ohitoiHm i to th. Jlo.ow on . wry wrly Ami to «»? ftt-4 -m t£t blihon. 1 Ita Uu THfwnw irn of *uh 4l«tritt, nth Ih. UiuUHMiJ ebu!*»»rfM--. «ct«.»c«nfnlUM t.iol. tain nilmafpUon. mi ilntuH-au. snd Umi -ll nonan uMaimA he tn«n.milti-J Imn.^.My- hi Ur M-bu|i to tw nrrtiidlbrthKilKiwoljn*. ..... 1 Tl-a*i*rl«i-nl«ofUii-Churditi.inriUdI»o--ii- lribtt-ft»lbli.i«icU1faM»ltli«ul*il«r- , 1 ShUfttrtMerar ?ll*«n*«nmi«T.lin-»»rT-IU- Irict hr itnito Sr Ibf «lfr»riiiMi and church wardens, and h-t tbfl .mount of ihrfrnibwrtpUon.tiromlM .til n»id c mleni .i.iiwt th-'iriuimm. arhleb mitacripMom it.ll * wllreM by frmmt »n«lnt«l fur tbtt pumm I «n« tb»t .11 ml«wu» ««tun *f imipiTtT be Mildt*4 ta dr. In th. ?mw n»poiti«i «» irttar ««vrerij«il. «nJ thu »rtmnU»»»rttiiitriiti»i*!-M-f«Ii«i»iiui« nrinwa. ainwtanorr prerlJvl ?t«n that on ni.uwwnt »lut iSrXaitbl7rfiwll-l»»imUt«i*eo. Fw.ldedrtK, »«*'*'*?»-»**»*£,. nA«,m. **»„. It was determined to consider the elanirs teriatim. Aftnr a lengfliy 4iscnssion, the first cliume wan p»ss(*d, after which the clmir man reported pr.tgress and asked Icitvc to ait sgain next -Tny. Adelaide. — Tlio Farutngham is laid on for Port 'Parwin.— Tho breadstuff's market U paralysed owing to thenuws frouiCalrfoniia. Cnnnotgivequotutions yct.UiingB are so nnselMod,— Thebarqne Condor has arrived from Palmerstun with 120 passengers. Many of them ore un provided with stores, and without means of transport. — The Government advice that arrangements should be made for in creased police protection. — Deports from thegold-fieida are favorable, and prepara tions are being mnde for prosecuting steadyWorVtit the 6--Ids.^— Tlie/irf»er/i«r puH iahes a Port Darwin telegram received on Friday week. The pros|H«tii of the difgingK arc highly encouraging. All disoovericsyct tuado mrclasting, and there is a gnat extent of fresh reefs discovered. A new reef has just been discovered witli gold plainly visible in the stone' No alluviols finds, Wator it ccarce. 