LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL THURSDAY AUG. 8. The Speaker took the chair at twelve, noon. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr Drummond notified that to-day he will move for a select committee, to consist of Messrs. Newman, Steere, Shenton, Brockman, and the mover to consider and report upon the question of a railway to the Eastern Districts. Mr. Brockman intimated that today he will ask the Colonial Secretary whether it is the intention of the Government to carry on the regulation now in force relative to Resident Magistrates visiting the out-portions of their districts with the view of holding petty sessions in centres of population. Mr. Newman gave notice that to-day he will move that the House do take into its considera- tion the question of concessions to the Ballarat Timber Company. PETITION. Mr. Carr presented a petition signed by the officers of the volunteers, praying that some measures be adopted for the encouragement and maintenance of better dicipline and greater efficiency in the volunteer force of the colony. STEAM COMMUNICATION. The Colonial Secretary moved that the Gov- ernor be authorised to accept the offer made by Messrs. Connor and McKay, for the establish- ment of steam communication on the coast of this colony. So much had been stated, from time to time, in regard to the desirability and the necessity of establishing steam communica- tion that he was absolved from the ne- cessity of troubling the Council with any lengthy arguments in support of his motion. He assumed that every hon member had perused the offer of the New Zealand firm which he had placed on the table when submitting his finan- cial statement, and which offer he now asked the House to substantiate. Mr Newman rose to move an amendment to the effect that the proposal be refered to a select committee, consisting of Messrs. Steere, Carr, Shenton, Hassell, Barlee, and the mover. This amendment coming from him who had the reputation of being somewhat opposed to the introduction of steam communication might be regarded as hostile to the proposition of the Government. Such, however, was not the case. Very strong opinions had been expressed by three-fourths of the elected members that, merely on principle, the House should not pledge itself to the expenditure of a single shilling or public funds before the Estimates were placed on the table. The Colonial Secretary said it would be far from his wish to oppose any motion having for its object the appointment of a select committee to consider any question that rested for decision with the House ; but it did seem to him, when hon. members were in possession of every available information in the matter now before them, and, further, when it was a matter of so much importance that no delay should attend its settlement, that it was a pity that any time should be lost, and the offer which appeared to him, fair and reasonable, be forfeited, especially when the question was one that was likely to be decided in the affirmative by the House. Mr. Newman said he did not think there was the slightest chance of the offer, as it there stood, being accepted by the Council. The gentlemen who acted in the capacity of agent for the firm of Messrs. Connor and McKay was now in the Colony, and might be expected in Perth on the following day, and he might be called upon by the select committee in order that they might point out to him where, in their opinion, it was advisable to modify the terms of the contract. The Colonial Secretary said the hon. member for Fremantle seemed to assume that the Gov- ernment had taken no trouble in the matter at all. On the contrary, every question that could possibly be raised by the select committee, had been already discussed, talked over, and written about; and he waa perfectly satisfied that no material moifications in the contract would be made. It really seemed to him a most suicidal policy to postpone the consideration of this matter. Mr. Steere pointed out that the principal objection to the terms of the contract was the protracted period over which it extended, the colony would be bound for a term ot six years to an annual expenditure of £4000. He thought this was extremely unreasonable, and that three years would be ample time for the dura- tion ot the contract. The Colonial Secretary said that objection had been combated over and over again be- tween the Government and the company ; but on this point the firm was inexorable, as it would not be worth the while of any company to incur the enormous expense that would neces- sarily attend the introduction and first estab- lishment of steam communication in any co- lony. No select committee, or any committee in the world, could induce the company to forego that part of the contract. Moreover, the actual extra expenditure which the accept- ance of the tender would involve would not ex- ceed £1,500 a year, as the other portion of the subsidy would be saved in mail services. Alter some further animated discussion, Mr. Newman consented to withdraw his amend- ment. Mr. Shenton proposed another amendment on the proposition before the House to the ef- fect that the Government be empowered to ac- cept the offer of Messrs. Connor and McKay, for the establishment of steam communication on the coast of this colony for a term not ex- ceeding three years, at the rate of £4,000 per annum. A conversational discussion ensued, and upon the House dividing there appeared :—for the amendment, 8 ; against, 9. The original motion was therefore affirmed. The following is the division list :— AYES 8. NOES 9. Mr. Newman Mr. Carey Pearse Monger Hassell Bussell Brockman Fraser Drummond Wallcott Steere Bickley Logue Marmion Shenton (teller.) Leake Barlee (teller.) INDEPENDENCY OF THE MAGISTRACY. Mr. Brockman, pursuant to notice moved the following resolution:-That this Council is of opinion that, in order to preserve the proper independence of the Magistracy, and for the due protection of the public, it is essential that any interference by the Governor with the de- cisions given from the Bench should be exer- cised with great reserve and discretion ; and that anything having even the semblance of dictation, and especially any imputation of un- worthy motives having actuated such decisions, should be carefully avoided. That this Coun- cil regrets that, in the matter of the recent suspension of the Police Magistrate in Perth, and in the case of the three magistrates who were associated with him, these principles should have been departed from. He said it was with much regret that, on this, the first occasion of his addressing the House, he should be compelled to do so in a somewhat hostile spirit towards the Government, at a time, too, when it was so desirable and essential that a cordial feeling and perfect unanimity should prevail hesween the elected representatives and the executive members of the House, in order to enable them to promote the welfare of the colony. But, when the independent action ot magistrates on the bench had been interfered with, when indignity had been passed upon them, and when an official member of the ma- gistracy was suspended from his office, and the honorary justices acting with him had been driven, by unworthy imputations to resign their commission, he considered it was his duty as one of those honorary magistrates, and being a member of that House, to ask the Council for an expression of opinion upon such a matter. He thought it was not only his duty towards himself, but towards those gentlemen who had sat with him, and towards the whole body ot magistrates throughout the colony, as well as towards the public generally, that he should do so. Had it been a mere personal matter, one between himself alone and the Government, he could have put up with the in- dignity that had been cast upon him. He had been for forty-three years a resident in the co- lony, and during nearly forty years of that period he had held the commission of the peace, but he could not recall a single instance where a similar interference with the indepen- dency of the magistracy in the performance of their duty had taken place. Former Govern- ors had always held the magisterial office in great respect, and it remained for Governor Weld, the inaugurate of representative gov- ernment, and the educator of the people for their tqartiiutions, to catt Ata indignity upon members of the uikgiBterial bench, and, through theiri, SOteut 4ishonour upon the whole magisterial tody ¿throughout the colony. -With the per miwion of .the House he would proceed to read the correspondence which had passed between the honorary magistrates and the Government. (The hon. member then read the correspond- ence* which has already been published in the local journals.) He concluded by stating that it, had been his intention to have appealed -to the members of-the Council as magistrates, in the first instance, and also as guardians of the liberties of the people, to have supported the motion which it had been his privilege to sub- mit to the House. But, after further consider- ation, he had a proposition to make, which was to the effect that if the Hon. the Attorney General consented to withdraw the counter r-esolution which stood in his name, he would, with the leave of the House, withdraw his own motion. Notwithstanding all that he had said when he first rose on his feet in reference to his being compelled on the first occasion of Addressing the House, to assume a somewhat hostile attitude towards the Government, he would now, having in a feeble manner, and to the best of his humble abilities, attempted to vindicate his honour, as well as the honour^ of Lis brother ex- magistrates, add that all feeling of resentment on his part had passed away. (Applause.) It was his wish to promote in «very way a eordial feeling between all the members of the House. (Hear, hear.) He was satisfied that they could attain no good unless they exercised mutual forbearance towards «ach other. With regard to his fellow-repre- sentatives on the elected benches, though it might appear somewhat presumptuous on his port, so young a member of the House, to , represent their ideas, he felt confident that their only wish was to do their duty conscien- tiously, and, as far as they could, in harmony with the members of the Government. Though they were ranged on that side ot the House, he felt perfectly certain that not a single member -although they often met together and talked over matters-was disposed to offer any fac- tious opposition against the Government. With the permission of the House he begged leave to withdraw his motion. (Loud cheors.) The Attorney Gi-neral said that, as a matter ?of couise, the counter resolution which stood in his name, was also withdrawn. He was very glad that the course adapted by the hon member for Swan was only such a one as could be expected from an educated English gentle- man. (Hear, hear.) Leave was then given to withdraw the resolu- tion. GRANTS TO AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES. In reply to Mr. Drummond* The Colonial Secretary, said that if the re- venue admitted of the expenditure, the usual grant in aid would be paid to the several agri- cultural societies during the current year. MISCELLANEOUS. In reply to M r. Logue, g| The Colonial Secretary said that the expenses "incurred by the Government in defending the case ot Bourke v. Sullivan, and Bourke v. Hy an, in the Supreme Court last year, amounted altogether to £677 4s. 3d. the cost attendant \- ripon the original trial only amounted to be- tween £15 and £20, but in consequence of further legal proceedings be'ng taken and the cases being taken into chancery, an additional expense was incurred. The Colonial Secretary, in reply to Mr. Logue, stated it was not the intention of the Government to introduce a bill to prevent the importation of distased cattle, as an existing ordinance already provided all that was neces- sary to that end. Mr. Wallace Bickley moved that the Council do take into consideration certain papers connected with the case of an expirée named Thomas Hiden, showing the relation in which this Colony stands as regards passengers pro- ceeding to Melbourne and Adelaide; with a view to making suitable representation on the subject to the Impeiial Government. Leave was given suspending the Standing Orders, with the view of enabling the hon. member to move that an humble addiess be presented to His Excellency embodying the foregoing resolution. CONFIRMATION OF EXPENDITURE. Mr. Steere intimated} that tile select com- mittee appointed on the previous d.iy to ex- amine into questions of finance connected with the overdiatts had inquired cuetnlly into every item of the bill, and there was not one that could not be accounted for as having been expended in a reasonable and proper manner. The whole of the unauthorised expenditure ap- peared to the entire satisfaction of the com- mittee. He had not had lime yet to draw up the report, but he thought that after this in- timation on his part the bill might be now committed. He would therefore move that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the second readiag of the Confirma- tion of Expenditure Bill. The House then went into committee upon the bill which was affirmed without amend- ments or discussion. At five minutes to three o'clock the House ftljourned until six o'clock this evening. TUESDAY, AUGUST 6TH. The Speaker took the chair at twelve o'clock, noon. REPORT. Mr. Bickley brought up the report of the select committee appointed tor the purpose of considering the question of the better arrangement of the Council Chamber. The report merely recom- mended certain alterations in the report- ers' gallery with the view of rendsriug it more convenient. EXPLORATION. The Colonial Secretary presented a letter from Mr. John Forrest to His Ex- cellency the Governor relative to further exploration from the Murchison East- ward, until, in the centre of Australia the telegraph line now in course of con- struction by the South Australian Gov- ernment, be reached. Accompanying ihe letter was a minute of His Excellency recommending the projected undertaking to the consideration of the House. The letter and minute were read by the Clerk. THE BALLOT. Mr. Newman asked the Colonial Secre- tary if the Government has any intention K to bring in a bill to more effectually re- gulate voting by ballot. If not, he would consult with the elected members with the view of ascertaining their opin- ion on the desirability of introducing some measure to prevent the existing abuses of proxy and ballot voting as con- ducted at recent elections. The Colonial Secretary replied that there was no present intention on the pan of the Government to introduce dur- ing the present session a bill of the na- ture alluded to by the hon: member. He was quite aware of the many objections that could be raised to the system of proxy voting at present obtaining, and if any private member introduced a mea- sure with the view of reform, it would receive the most careful consideration oí the Government. "With regard to the ballot question, the Government was de- sirous of seeing how the ballot bill in England .worked, before introducing" any alteration in our present sys» tem. Mr. Steere believed that the whole of the complaints which had been urged against our existing system of voting arose simply from the fact of the Return- ing Officers not performing their duty, and not from any inherent evil in the system itself. Though in favor of a per- missive ballot, he would be sorry to see compulsory ballot introduced into this colony. Doubtless our present system of proxy voting required some modification; but he would be sorry to see the systfm abolished altogether. If such were the case a large proportion of the country electors would be virtually disfran- chised. The Attorney General quite concurred with the hon. member for Wellingnton. If Returning Officers only knew their duties and performed them, our existing system ol voting by ballot would not be such, an evil as it is now represented to be. With reference to the attestation of proxy votes, he would go even further than than the bon. member, and render it a misdemeanour punishable by two years' imprisonment, or a fine of «£500, "for any candidate, being a justice of the peace, who attested the proxy paper of an elector voting in his favor. After some further observations from Mr. Newman, Mr. Marmion, Mr. Drum- mond, and Mr. Logue, the matter drop- ped. TOWN AND SUBURBAN ALLOTMENTS. In reply to Mr. Newman, The Surveyor General said 'arrange- ments would shortly be made whereby town and suburban allotments would be sold in the district in which they were situated. NEW BILLS. The Colonial Secretary obtained leave to introduce the following bills : A Bill-for raising the sum of ¿S35,000 by loan for the construction of certain Public Works ; A Bul to repeal an Act for im- posing duties on imported goods, and for the exemption of certain goods from du- ties, and to make other provisions in lieu thereof; A Bill for granting an addi- tional duty of twelve and a half per cent, upon the several duties payable under and by virtue of the Tariff Act, 1872 ; and A Bill to increase the number of members to serve in the Legislative Council. FINANCIAL STATEMENT - ADJOURNED DEBATE. Mr. Shenton, in moving that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the further consideration of the questions of finance said he had moved the adjournment of the debate on the previous evening merely with the view of enabling hon. members, if pos- sible, to obtain printed copies of the Co- lonial Secretary's financial statement, than which he was free to confess a more able, comprehensive, and lucid statement had never been submitted for the consi- deration of that House. The hon. mem- ber for Fremantle had mentioned in the course of his observations the other even- ing, that after the explanation offered by the hon. the Colonial Secretary relative to the proposed Loan Bill, especially in regard of the contemplated extension of the telegraph lines, and the fact of its being proposed to raise the amount of the loan in this colony, the greatest objec- tions entertained by the elected members against the bill had been removed. For himself, he admitted such to be the case. He was very glad to learn that it was in- tended as soon as effect was given to the bill, public works which have long been required would be set on foot, and among others he was pleased to notice the con- templation of railway surveys for the mineral district of Champion Bay. He was, however, sorry to see that no pro- vision was to be made for the construc- tion of a tramway from Greenough to the Bay, a work of pressing necessity. The route was almost a dead level, and no engineering difficulties would be pre- sented. Some improved means of com- munication was imperatively demanded for connecting these two important dis- tricts, as from the sandy nature of the soil, traffic was rendered extremely di- fficult. He thought if the P. & O. Mail Company could be persuaded to make Fremantle a port of call it would be a most advantageous arrangement, leaving out the question of cargo alto- gether, and merely on account of the passenger traffic. With regard to the question of immigiation he earnestly hoped that some satisfactory provision would be made whereby assisted pas- sages would be rendered available not only to the working classes, but even to a better class of emigrants, to cabin and intermediate passages, to whom on their arrival here proportionate remissions in the form of grants of land should be accorded, provided they become bona fide settlers. He Mould refrain from any further comments on the financial state- ment until such time as the various questions embodied in it came under the consideration of the House seria- tim. Mr. Logue was glad to find that pre- liminary surveys were to be undertaken before commencing such a work as a railway. It had been said that he was opposed to railways, but such was not ths case, so long as he was convinced by reliable data and statistical information that a railway would prove remunerative or reproductive. From the general tenor of the financial statement it would ap- pear that the colony was in a generally flourishing condition; he hoped it was so, but from his own experience among the residents of the northern districts there existed a considerable amount of not ex- actly real destitution, but, at any rate something very like poverty. The Surveyor General wished to offer a few observations in the course of which he might have to carry the House back beyond the ken of the younger members, as far back, in fact, as the year 1850, when the population of the colony did not exceed 6600, when its public expenditure was under £16000, when the money expended on public works only amounted to £1195, and when the number of acres under crop did not exceed 70,000. It was about that period, he believed, during that very year that convicts were first introduced into the colony. With convicts came convict expenditure, and also a different form of Government, which gave the adininstrator of public affairs an autocracy or independent power. In consequence of the puculiar position of the colony as a convict settlement the Gov- ernor, unlike the Governor of a free settlement, became the chief controller under an absolute form of Government, from the effects of which system we are now but suffering a recovery. It was to that autocracy, that supreme and absolute power with which the Government was then invested that be traced the primary cause of much of that helplessness, apathy, and lack of energy which charasterised the inhabi- tants of West Australia as a community. 22 or twenty three years ago this colony took upon itself the responsibility of absorbing into its constitution a very incongruous and heterogeneous mass, such a mass, in fact, as probably no other settlement ever absorbed, and though the convict system had met with a certain degree of success, he questioned whether the benefits derived from its introduc- tion outweighed the evils necessary consequent upon the absorption of an undue proportion of a criminal element into the population. Be that as it may, the Imperial expenditure which results from the introduction of convicts, doubtless, proved a great boon at the time, trave an impetus to a languishing trode, and caused the colony to flourish and prosper. So long as that expenditure lasted the people had very little hesitation in accepting any kind of policy which their Governors sought to submit. In 1867 or 1868 transportation ceased, and shortly after there was a chance in the admin- istration. The late Governor Hampton, a gentleman who, from his former experience, was thoroughly acquainted with the working of the convict system, left the colony. An inter- regnum followed, and then came the present Governor, who arrived at a most critical period in the history of the colony, when the Imperial Government had begun to reduce the expen- diture on account of convicts, upon which the colonists had been so long dependent. Up to that time the cure of the souls of the people, of the minds of the people, and of the bodies of people had been provided for out of that adven- titious Expenditure which is peculiar to a penal settlement. Protection of life and pro- perty was paid for at a rate unkown in a free colony, no less than one rhird of the revenue being absorbed for that purpose. The prop of Imperial expenditure upon which the colony had so long leaned for support, had, however, been knocked from under us, and it had been as much as our administrators could do to keep the colony from finding itself on its beam end. Now, however, there appeared a prospect of our condition being materially imposed; the intro- duction of foreign capital, and the circulation of a few thousand pounds in the inauguration of a scheme of pnblic works would give a fresh impetus to the colony, and it was gratifying to think that our advancement would be no longer adventitious and dependent upon Imperial aid. He hoped the measures submitted by the Government, tending as they did to the general welfare, would receive the careful and dispas- sionate consideration of the people's represen- tatives. Mr. Marmion, and Mr. Bickley in favourable terms, briefly reviewed the most salient features of he financial statement, reserving furiher observations until the various items referred to came to be be discussed separately by the House. Mr. Steere said he had no intention at present to enter fully upon any of the measures alluded to by the hon. the Colonial Secretary, but he wished to make one remark relative to the reply offered by that hon. gentleman in answer to the complaints made as to secrecy maintained by the Goverment with regard to the measures which they proposed to introduce into the Council. With reference to the impro- priety, as pointed out by the hon. gentleman, of submitting governmental measures in detail for discussion by an extraneous Parliament, be, to a great extent, concurred. During the Parliamentary Session in England he often noticed that hon. members refused to make known the details of measures before they came on for discussion in the House, as otherwise the very object contemplated by the measure might be defeated. So far, he agreed with the hon. the Colonial Secretary ; but when that hon. gentleman said that there was really no secrecy as to the measures which the Govern- ment intended to bring forward, why that was simply an hallucination. On the contrary there existed a very great amount of secrecy and the ignorance as to contemplated measures was not confined to the country members, at which he would not be so much surprised, but hon. members who resided in Perth, at the very seat of Governmeut, were as ignorant as country members. It was all very well to assume that such and such a measure would be submitted to the House, but hon. members had no definite notion regarding them. He thought that the Government would find it far more agreeable to carry on the administration of public affairs, if they tried to obtain the opin- ion of the people uenerally as well as their representatives. In saying that he did not mean that they should go round to those gentleman who they knew would endorse their own views, but rather to those who they knew were likely to differ and who would have the honesty and independence to express their opioions. The government measures would then be brought forward in a far more satisfactory manner before ihe Council, and would be far more likely to meet with support and approval. After some observations from Mr. Drum- mond, Mr. Newman, Mr. Monger, and the Attorney General, and there being a lull in the debate. The Colonial Secretary said it was a source of satisfaction to the Government to witness the favorable manner in which the propositions which it had been his privilege to submit to the House had been on the whole received. He did not, of course, anticipate finding a general expression of concurrence with regard to all that the Government had in contemplation, and that all their propositions would be unani- mously affirmed by hon. members. But, he thought, he was not going too far when he said that the House had, at all events, recog- nised the fact, that during the recess the Gov- ernment had not been idle in the preparation of measures to be submitted for the consideration of the Legislature, and whether or not hon. members agreed with the principle» and de- tails of those measures, they would give the Government credit for doing their duty in bringing forward a straightforward and pro- gressive policy. Allusion had been made in reference to a statement which he made on the occasion of submitting his statement to the effect that no great amount of secrecy existed as to the measures which the Government pro- posed to introduce into the Council. He would repeat that there had been no desire at all on the part of the Government that there should be any secrecy in regard to any of their mea- sures; and he would again ask if one single measure had been submitted to the House with regard to which it was not perfectly well known to the outside world that it was the in- tention of the Government to bring forward? The hon. member for Wellington himself had stated that he (the Colonial Secretary) had in- timated to him that it was proposed by the Government to introduce an amended Pub- lican's Bill, and if the hon. member would further tax his memory he would recollect that he had also informed him that a revision of the tariff was also contemplated by the Govern- ment. He agreed that it was essential that the Government should, during the recess, en- deavor as far as possible to gain from the public generally and from hon. members, particularly, connected with the various matters in regard to which it was proposed to legislate, and he had no hesitation in saying that everything that was practicable had been done to that end by the members of the Government, so far as ascertaining the wishes of the colonists, with the view that the measures of the Government should be the reflection of public opinion. But when the hon. member for Wellington pro- ceeded to say that it would he far better for the Government to go to those who would give them an honest straightforward expression of opinion, rather than to those who would accord a general concurrence to all that was pro- pounded by the Govemment, he thought the honorable member was saying that which al- most amounted to a charge against the mem- bers of the Government, inasmuch as it in- sinuated that they did not consult those who would give them an honest opinion, but such persons only as acquiesced in all their pro- positions; in fact, that they sought approbation and not advice. That was not the case, and he thought it rather unfair that such a charge should be brought against the Government, a charge which had no foundation whatever. It always had been, and it always would be the wish of the Government, at any rate it always would be his desire, to arrive by every means within his power at a knowledge of the wants and the wishes of the general public in regard to legislative measures, and to frame his policy accordingly. The hon. gentleman then pro- ceeded to reply at length to the objections taken by some hon. members relative to some finan- cial statement, and progress having been re- ported the House resumed. CONFIRMATION OF EXPENDITURE. The Colonial Secretary in moving the second reading of the Bill to confirm the expenditure for the services of the year 1871 beyond the grant for that year, said that it would be in the recollection of the House that at the last meeting of Council he had put the question of excess of expenditure before the House, and, as far as he could then judge, he had stated that about £7000 or £S000 would be required for that purpose. In the majority of the items with regard to which he had anticipated an excess of expendituie he was happy to state that his anticipations had not been realized; the expenditure on those items had generally been less than he had expected, but there were one or two matters in relation to which the ex- cess had been greater than he had anticipated, so that although there was an overdraft of £9746 5s. 5d. there was on the other hand an underdraft on several items amounting alto- gether to £4126 8s. 6d., which in reality, re- duced the excess of expendituie to £5616 16s. 11d. With regard to the various items which constituted this overdraft he would only add that he should be prepared, and be very glad, to afford every possible information to the House. Mr. Steere said that ever since he had been a member of the Council it had been his pain- ful duty, every year, to protest against the ex- penditure of public money in excess of the grant voted by the Legislature. He thought that when we obtained the present form of Government there would have been an end to all that, but it seemed that that millenium had not yet dawned upon us. At a former session he had stated his belief that unless the Auditor General was an official responsible to the House, this state of things would never cease, and we would never have a more economic form of Government. He was then told that that official could not be made amenable to the jurisdiction of the House. Since then it had oecurred to him that at the commencement of every session a committee of accounts should be appointed, the same as in the House of Commons, whose duty it would be to go through all the public accounts where there had been any unauthorised expenditure. At the commencement of the next session he would himself move for such a committee. It was of course useless explaining in regard to money which had been already spent, but he would move that the Bill now before the House should be referred to a select committee to ex- amine into the details of the various items of unauthorised overdraft, and that such a com- mittee consist of Messrs. Newman, Carr, Marmion, Shenton, and the mover. The Colonial Secretary had no objection to the adoption of that course, although the pro pei course was that on its second reading the bill should be considred in a committee of the whole House. If, however, it was to be referred to a select committee he certainly thought that in a committee of that kind the person most deeply interested should be a member of it. He was quite convinced that the further the committee went into the details of the various items the more satisfied they would be, and be was quite confident that the ultimate result would be the same, whether the bill was referred to a select committee, or considered in a committee of the whole House. Mr. Steere said he had no objection to add the name ot the Colonial Secretary to the committee. He had simply refrained from doing so before, inasmuch as be thought, that as a matter of course he would be the principal witness ex- amined by the committee. The Colonial Secretary then formally moved that the House do then resolve itself into a committee of the whole. Mr. Steere,asan amendment, moved that the bill be referred to a select committee, with power to call for persons and papers. The House having divided there appeared For the proposition, Mesers. Wallcott, Fraser, Drummond, Marmion, Bussel, Bickley, Barlee (teller), 7 ; against it, Messrs. Monger, Carr, Logue, Hassell, Carey, Brockman, Newman, Pearse, Shenton, and Steere, (teller) 10. The proposition was therefor negatived, and the amendment affirmed by a majority of 3. GRANTS OF PATENTS BILL. The Colonial Secretary went into committee on the second reading of the bill, which was read without discussion or amendmend. The third reading was fixed for Friday, the loth inst. STANDING ORDEBS. The remainder of the setting was occupied in the discussion in Mr. Steer's amendments in the Standing Orders of the House. The House adjourned at half-past five until Thursday, at noon. FRIDAY, AUGUST 2. The SPEAKER took the chair at 6 p.m. IMMIGRATION. On the motion of Mr. Steere, The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table the report oi Immigration to this colony, drawn out by a select committee of the late Legislative Council in July, 1868, and also certain despatches from the Secretary of State bearing on the same subject. CORRESPONDENCE. In compliance with Mr. Brockman's request, The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a copy of the correspondence which had passed between the Government and the honorary magistrates who sat on the bench at the hearing of the case against Lockier Clare Burges. In doing so, he said he had been somewhat at a loss to know whether the hon. member alluded to, the correspondence that had taken place between the Government and the official, magistrate, or merely to the cor- respondence which had occurred between the Government and the honorary ma- gistrates. With regard to the former, His Excellency was precluded by Colo- nial Instructions from producing the cor- respondence while the matter was sub judice. RESIDENT MAGISTRATES. Mr. BROCKMAN asked the Colonial Secretary to lay on the table a copy of the correspondence with the Resident Magistrates on the subject of periodical visits to the out-positions of their ¡dis- tricts with the view of holding petty ses- sions in centres of population ; and foi a return of the number of visits paid by the Residents since the regulation came in force. FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in moving that the Council do then resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to take into consideration questions of finance connected with the services for the cur- rent year and the year 1873, said Mr. Chairman, twelve months have elapsed since I stood hereto submit to a Council \-- the members of which have but little changed, though a general election has taken place in the interim--to submit what I may call a financial statement of Colonial affairs. The year that has elapsed since that occasion, Sir, has not been an uneventful one in the annals of the colony; it has been in many ways a strange and eventful year, characterised by almost unprecedented occurrences of au evilgtendency, at a time when many interests were in a depressed state, con- sequent upon a succession of unfavorable seasons. It has proved that the colony, visited as it has been by severe losses by floods, by hurricanes, and by partial de- struction of crops, has yet held up its head, that its funds have not deteriorated to the extent that might fairly have been anticipated, that the prognostications of those who predicted that another bad season would prove the ruin of many, have happily not been realised. But notwithstanding these misfortunes, it is a source of satisfaction to me, and I am sure, Sir, that it is an equal source of gratification to every hon. member of this House, that under the blessing of Divine Providence, the evils with which we have been afflicted have been partly alleviated by the success that has at- tended the working of other interests and other resources of the colony. Had it not been for these alleviations it would not have been matter for wonder, Sir, if many colonists had succumbed to mis- fortune which would otherwise have been of an almost overwhelming nature. If the crops have partially failed, and the return was not so much as was expected, if the hopes of our farmers have not been altogether realised, the current year has been an unmistakeably good one for stock ; the price of wool has increased ; the sandalwood trade, fortunately for the smaller farmers, revived; our pearlshell fisheries have given an outlet for small capitalists; there is a prospect of consi- derable business in our mineral districts; and notwithstanding all that has been said about the falling off of our timber trade, I do not believe such will perma- nently be the case; and, Sir, much as the qualities of our jarrah timber have been vaunted, I think we have another species of timber that is likely to take as high, if not a higher place among timber used for shipbuilding purposes. I allude to our Karri timber. In a recent despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colo- nies, in which it is stated that there is no great probability that jarrah timber will be largely employed for shipbuilding in England, information is sought as to the qualities of the Karri, and specimens are requested. As early as possible arrange- ments will be made for complying with that request, and I trust that the result will prove satisfactory. Sir, it has been my wish to submit to the hon. members of this House at as early a stage as pos- sible after their assembly, an outline of the policy which it is proposed by the Government to bring forward for their consideration, and I have fixed this early date that hon. members may have ample time and opportunity to consider the va- rious measures that it will be my duty this evening to draw their attention to, before they are asked to discuss them in detail. In doing this, Sir, I may be per- mitted to express a hope--a hope, Sir, which I am sure will be re-echoed by every member in this House--that our deliberations may, under the blessing of Providence, result in our arriving at something like an unanimous conclusion to carry into effect that which shall be for the material progress of the colony. (Hear, hear.) I cannot shut my ears, and I am sure hon. members have not süut their ears to the complaints that have been made and reiterated, that time is not afforded to hon members and the outside pnblic to consider measures pro- pounded by the Government. [Here the Colonial Secretary entered into a length- ened statement to prove that it was not necessary in Representative Governments, and that the conditions under which it was thought advisable to do so in India did not exist in this colony; and that, in fact, the public were quite aware of the measures intended to be brought forward by the Government.] He resumed: It is my duty this evening to place before the House a programme, plain and straightforward, but of a steadily pro- gressive nature, which, if carried into operation, will, I am convinced, bring returns of a remunerative nature, and not have the effect of plunging the colony so far into debt as to render the pay- ment of that debt, or the annual interest for it, an undue burden on the taxpayer. First of all, Sir, I come to the question of a Public Loan, of which we have heard so much of late ; this loan of £35,000, Sir, which the Secretary of State has, authorised the Governor to initiate im- mediately it receives the concurrence of this House if it be passed without alter ation of the items as laid before the House. At first sight it may appear that the terms on which the Imperial Govern- ment have sanctioned the introduction of this Bill leave hon. members little or no opportunity for discussion in regard to it, but when one takes this further oppor- tunity of examining the matter, a differ- ent view is presented to us. In the first place it must be borne in mind that nearly every item contained in the scheme of public works embodied in the bill has already been under the consideration of this Council, and adopted by it. On that occasion the item which caused the great- est amount of discussion was the jetty-- I suppose I may call it the unfortunate jetty at Fremantle, which is now, Sir, a thing of the past. I was down at Fre- mantle the other day, watching its re- mains, as they appeared to me as the re- mains of some enormous animal, whose body had been severed from its head and tail, but in whose quivering extremities there still remained some muscular action This Council, Sir, will have to constitute itself into a medical faculty, and hold a consultation over the remains of that un- fortunate animal. We shall have to con- sider whether it would be best to add a new body to the old head, or simply en- deavor to gather the disjecta membra of the old jetty, and connect them together for temporary purposes, or whether it will be advisable to construct a new structure altogether at some other point. It is fortunate perhaps that the sum of £6000 remains on this Loan Bill, because it will enable steps to be taken without delay to do what is needed and what may be decided on, and I am permitted to state in regard to this sum, that though it must remain on the bill if the bill is to become law, still it will only be expended on the jetty in such manner as may be concurred in by this Council, or if pre- ferred by the Council, not raised or ex- pended at all. The Government at any rate, have not been idle with regard to this jetty question. They have already taken steps for temporarily connecting the two extremities of the old jetty by means of a narrow tramway, and in the course of a few days the work of loading and unloading will be no further delayed. The Government, or rather a member of the Government has not been idle with regard to another matter of jetty accom- modation, my hon. friend the Attorney General (laughter)--I beg his pardon, I mean my friend the hon. the Surveyor General; when I come to agricultural matters I will then allude to my friend the Attorney General (renewed laughter); \--the Surveyor General has prepared plans of a proposed jetty to start from Anglesea-point, which I think, on ac- count of its simplicity, the accommoda- tion it will afford and the depth of water into which it will run, will recommend itself to the favor~ of hon. members. From figures that have been placed be- fore me in connection with these plans I am happy to be able to add that the jetty alluded to may be constructed with the amount now alloted for jetty improve- ments in the Loan Bill sanctioned by the Secretary of State. I have reason to know that there is an opinion prevalent that such a work as this should, if pos- sible, be constructed by contract (hear, hear,) and I have further reason to know that there are several firms in the colony who would undertake^the construction of a jetty as proposed by the bon. the Sur- veyor General, and have it completed in a few months. In connection with this question of jetty accommodation there are several other matters closely allied, and with regard to which several plans have been submitted to the Government for the consideration of this Council. I allude to the subject of harbor improve- ments and proposed breakwater. First of all, I have the pleasure of calling the attention of hon. members to the minia- ture structure that lies on the table be- fore them, planned and constructed by a very good friend of mine, Mr. Chidlow of Northam, who, I believe, is under the impression that it is the very best plan that could possibly be had for effecting what harbor improvements we require. There it stands, Sir, I will not say in all its grandeur, but I may fairly say in all its simplicity, and bon. members will not fail to bear iu mind that the greatest con- ceptions are often the simplest in design. The only information that I possess in regard to it is addressed by the inventor to the Inquirer newspaper, from which, with the assistance of the Clerk of Works, I gather that the piles necessary for the construction of Mr. Chidlow's proposed breakwater will cost £21,667, and quan- tity of material that will be required to fill the interstices will be 226,436 cubic yards. Beyond that, I have no other in- formation. No doubt the plan is an ex- ceedingly clever and ingenious one, and I wish Mr. Chidlow was here to explain it. In addition to this, I have to place on the tab'e another plan, made by Mr. Nunan of Perth, which is accompanied by an explanatory letter which will fur- nish hon. members with more lucid in- formation than I could possibly hope to affoid them. There is also a plan sub- mitted by Mr. George Randell, which is also accompanied by a descriptive letter which I place on the table for tho in- formation of the House. I have here a very ingenious letter from Mr. W. H. Knight, explanatory of his views in re- gard of a breakwater. It is not, for the Government to recommend for adoption any of these plans ; the proposal which I have the honor of submitting for the ap- proval of the house is that of the hon. the Surveyor General; all other plans to which allusion has been made must bo considered per se, as works of greater magnitude. Passing on from the ques- tion of jetty accommodation, I come to another matter connected with the Loan Bill-the purchase of the Telegraph Lines. I am not going to allude to any- thing that transpired at a previous session, but will content myself by merely alluding to the fact that the scheme was adopted by the late Council, and was consequently embodied in the Loan Bill. I simply allude to the subject for the purpose of informing the House that the Directors of the Electro Magnetic Telegraph Company have suggested to the Government the desirability of ex- tending the existing telegraph lines as far as Champion Bay. The Government have replied that they are quite prepared to adopt the suggestion, provided this House will vote the necessary sum for the payment of additional interest on de- bentures. I can quite understand an objection being raised against any pro- posed increase of taxation; but in all matters of that kind we have to look whether the fiscal burden is likely to prove remunerative in the end; whether, in fact, the work which necessitates the increase of taxation will ultimately prove reproductive. My own opinion is, that the suggestion of the Directors ia regard to the extension of the lines is a very wise one, tending, as it does, to bring the colony more together as a unit, in- stead of a number of separate districts, with somewhat antagonistic views; it will simplify business, save public expen- diture in various ways, and it is a course tending to that progress we hope to see, and which in the event of any movement at the mines would become a necessity. Another aigument may be adduced in favor of the extension. It gives an im- portant New Zealand firm a large inte- rest in the colony, inasmuch as an offer is made to complete the work and re- vive payment in debentures alone. It appears to me that this importation of foreign capital is iust what we require. The Attorney General in his speech the other day very truly observed that the three great wants of the colony were capital, capital, capital. If foreign capi- talists could be induced to come amongst us and undertake works which proved remunerative to them, and I may add to us also, they might reasonably be ex- pected to turn their attention to other undertakings; and once it was discovered that the colony offered a fair field for enterprise and investment, we would soon find ourselves on the high road to ad- vancement and prosperity. If my own wishes were consulted in the matter of telegraph extension, I would even go further than the proposal of the Direc- tors, and extend the line from Champion Bay to Northampton, and from Bunbury to the Vasse, and thus ensure direet com- munication between all the principal towns, those towns that we hope by and bye will be the great centres of popula- tion; communicatiug, not alone with Perth or Fremantle, but with each other. That these two small extensions are mere matters of form, I have little doubt. Sir, I now come to a matter which has already been alluded to in this House, provision is made in the Loan Bill to survey a line of railway from Champion Bay to the mines a work that may be considered woith undertaking even as a speculative inducement to capitalists. Knowing, Sir, that there is a strong and growing feeling of interest felt not only in England but in the other colonies in regard to our mines, the Government has thought it but light that we should do all in our power to encourage the deve- lopment of our mineral resources, by affording increased facilities for the transport of ore and by every other legitimate means within our power. I am not at present going to enter into any details with regard to the question of railways, but I shall place on the table for the con- sideration of hon. members a paper con- nected with a proposition made to the Government by a gentleman now in this Country, representing an eminent firm in another colony, to construct a line of railway from Geraldton to the mines, on terms which appear to me as fair and liberal as we are likely to obtain. I do not, however, recommend its adoption without very careful consideration. I have also to lay on the table plans show- ing the various practicable routes in re- gard to a line of railway in the district alluded to, which have been procured under the instruction, of the hon. the Surveyor General, as also the informa- tion alluded to in His Excellency's speech regarding a railway to the Eastern dis- tricts, prepared by the select committee appointed ior that purpose at the last session of this Council. One other point will allude to, and that is that it will be a question for consideration, in the event of any line of railway being defi- nitely decided on, whether the taxation for the expenditure in connection with it should be borne by the whole community or chiefly by that portion which most benefits by the work. Sir, reverting again to the Loan Bill, I do so with the object of strongly recommending its adoption by the House. I do so on va- rious groands, to which I will very cur- sorily allude. The passing of this Loan Bill need not, as some people imagine, preclude this Council from the conside- ration of further public works, or even taking action in regard to another loan. The initiation of the present loan de- pends entirely upon this House, and another strong reason which I would urge in favor of its adoption is the pro- bability that the whole amount can be conveniently raised within the colony; indeed I should be very sorry to go out- side it for so small a loan, and, if the Council so pleases, the Government can be at once placed in a position to com- mence those works proposed and adopted by this House at the last session, and in regard to the propriety of which no dif- ference of opinion exists. It appears to me that it is very desirable that no time should be lost in the inauguration of public works in this colony, for although the colony generally may be said to be in a sound financial position, it cannot be denied that a considerable amount of de- pression has existed among certain classes of the community who would be greatly benefited by the introduction of capital and its expenditure upon public works. I think there never was a time in the history of the colony when the circulation of a few thousand pounds among the laboring classes, the trades- men, and the general population would cause such beneficial results. It seems to me that the moment has arrived when with the assistance of a little capital the colony may be aided to give effect to that turn from depression to a more happy state of which there are so many signs at the present time, and which it can but be desirable to foster. There are many people not only among our- selves but outside the colony who are only waiting for us to take a forward step before they ioin us, and who will Bay, "Well, the colony is going ahead at last, and we need not hold back any longer." In addition to the works em- bodied in the scheme contained in the Loan Bill, there are others which have been mooted, and which I may almost term gigantic. With regard to these I will only venture to say one word of counsel, and I trust that the counsel will be appreciated. I will, in fact, confine myself to four words--"Look before you leap." Let us count the cost of any work before we decide to undertake it; let us know not onty the immediate outlay, but the annual outlay that we shall have to provide for years to come, and if after the mature consideration of this Council it can place before the colony such sta- tistics as will undoubtedly show that not- withstanding the amount of first outlay and subsequent outlay a reasonable return may be anticipated, then I am sure no one in the colony, no mem- ber of this House, or no member of the Government, will throw any obstacle in the way of prosecuting such a work. Sir, I now come to the question of Coast Survey, in connection with which I may state that it is proposed to place on the estimates for 1873 a sum of ¿81000 ior improvements connected with the navi- gation of Challenger Passage. It is diffi- cult at present to say exactly what is necessary to be done to this passage, and consequently what the cost of the im- provements may be, but the Government has baen in communication with persons likely to be conversant with the matter, and the correspondence, Sir, is now placed on the table for the information of the House, so that the bon. members may approach the consideration of the subject with some knowledge of it. My reason for alluding to the Challenger Passage at this present stage is that there is a sum placed in the Loan Bill for Coast Surveys, and as Her Majesty's Government have sent a gentleman to the colony capable of conducting the sur- vey of our coasts it is proposed, in the event of the adoption of the Loan Bill that the first work he shall be employed upon shall be the examination of Chal- lenger Passage, with the view of report- ing on the improvements that may he deemed necessary. There are many reasons why it is desiiable that these im- provements should be effected. In the first place, though it is one upon which no stress may be laid, the vessels of the Rockinghom Jarrah Timber Company will have to pass through that channel. In the next place, and what is of far greater importance to this colony, it is well known that the expiration of the period of contract of the Peninsular and Oriental Mail Company is drawing to a elose. It is also known that the Com- pany has been desirous, for some time past, of procuring steamers capable of carrying a sufficient quantity of coals to enable them te perform the passage from Galle to Sydney without calling at any intermediate port. In this, however, they have hitherto failed, but from nego- tiations which have hitherto taken place I am in a position to say that if a favor- able port of call could be found in this colony at some nearer spot to Galle than Albany, and where vessels could lie in safety at all seasons of the year, it is not improbable that the P. & O. Company would be inclined to avail themselves of such a port. It is, of course, possible that the Peninsular and Oi iental Com- pany may not again have the mail con- tract, as I know there are other com- panies trying to cut them out. It may be that companies formed in Sydney or Melbourne may obtain the contract for the A ustralian mail service, or the Mes- sageries Imperial, a French company who, I believe, are also thinking of com- peting with the present mail contractors. But whichever company may obtain the contract, if we can show that the mail steamers may safely call at the principal port of our colony we should do our ut- most to induce them to do so. While on this subject I may state to- the House that the Government have been in com- munication with the Secretary of State with regard to the possibility of this colony being altogether overlooked in any re-adjustment of the mail service, and that we have the gratifying assur- ance on the part of the Home Govern- ment that whatever arrangements may be made the intetest and the claims of West Australia shall not be overlooked. (Hear, hear.) I come next, sir, to the question of steam communication along our coast. The desire of the Govern- ment in regard to the obtaining of this boon is perfectly well known, looking as they do, on it as one of the most im- portant that we could procure. It will be in the recollection of bon. members that at the last session a certain sum was placed at the disposal of the Govern- ment for this purpose, and I was at that time exieedingly sanguine that the sum then voted would have enabled us to obtain steam communication on our coast. But I regret to say that my hopes have not been realised, and that circumstances to which I need not now allude precluded the Government from carrying out the arrangements which were then contem- plated. There is, I am sure, an almost unanimous desire on the part of hon. members that steam cummunication should be established along our coast, so long as it can be done at a reasonable cost. It is therefor very gratifying to me to be able to submit to the Honsa a pro- posal emanating from Mr. Connor and McKay, of New Zealand, who agree to supply this want, upon payment of the sum of £4000 per annum. I believe my- self, that the services which the company will render will be most advantageous, and I think the subsidy asked for is pro- portionately moderate. When the pro- per time comes for entering more fully into this subject I shall be enabled to show that out of that sum one-third can be saved in other ways, which willenable us to carry out the matter at an annual cost of little in excess of that authorised last session. In laying the proposal on the table of the House I will say no more than that I recommend it to the favorable consideration of hon. members, and that the sum of £4,000 has been placed on the Estimates under the belief that the proposal will be accepted. Hon. members will not fail to notice that pro- vision is made in the contract for its re- vision on equitable terms in the event of the P. & O. steamers ceasing to call at Albany. I next come to the subject of Immigration, with regard to which the bon. member for Wellington has already moved for papers. I am afraid that those papers and the other correspon- dence which has taken place between the Local and Impérial Governments on the question will prove to lion, members that there is but very little hope to be enter- tained of our deriving any aid from Home with regard to Immigration. As far as I can see, the Imperial authorities have made up their mind to send no more emigrants to these shores. Of course I cannot positively assert this to be the case; I merely form my own opinion from the tone and tenoar of the correspondence that has passed between this Government and the Secretary of State on the subject. It seems to me then that either we must depend for the augmentation of our population on the natural law of increase, or take such steps ourselves as will tend to divert a tributary of the stream of emigration to our shores. During the last session when remodelling our Land Regulations some inducements to that end were offered, and it is possible that not suffi- cient time has yet elapsed to test the effect of those inducements. But I am very much afraid that some further efforts will have to be made to induce emigration to this colony. With this end in view, a further sum of ¿8750 has been placed on the Estimates, which if found successful may be increased next year. It will be in the recollection of hon. members that a short time ago a deputation, appointed at a public meet- ing of colonists, and of which the bon. member for Toodyay was the spokesman, waited upon His Excellency the Gov- ernor with reference to the question of immigration. The desire of the deputa- tion was to call the attention of His Ex- cellency to the alleged breach of contract on the part of the ilome Government in regard to sending out as a counterpoise to the convict element an equal number of free immigrants. His Excellency failed to discover among the records of his office any reference to distinct com- pact or agreement between the Home Government and this colony, and read to the deputation the very despatch referred to in a local journal as bearing upon the question of a contract. In addition to the papers moved for by the bon. member for Wellington, I have also to lay on the table a correspondence which has recently passed between a Mr. Segerbergh relative to his plan with regard to the introduction of Scandinavian immigrants to the colony. With respect to Gold prospecting, I sup- port the proposition of the bon. member for Wellington. With respect to mea- sures for the better government of Roe- bourne, it has been necessary to postpone the proposed measures until after com- municating with the Home Government on the subject, which may repuire a special meeting of the Council. In the meantime the Resident Magistrate will be on the ground during the pearliug season. The Colonial Sacretary than pro- ceeded to combat the charge that we kept more cats than were necessary to kill the mice, and to prove that the actual administration of the colony, and the expenditure in connection with it, did not exceed 10 per cent, of the reve- nue, and that the cost for the adminis- tration of this colony, putting aside our peculiar circumstances, was not extrava- gant, and not more than would be consi- dered reasonable by a commercial firm for the cost of managing the affairs of the company. He then resumed-Hav- ing said this, I shall now return to the more immediate object of my speech. It is not my intention, Sir, to lay the Esti- mates on the table to-night, framed, Sir, on the supposition that the Loan Bill will be passed and that provision will be made for the payment of interest, and other matters connected with it, that the amended tariff to which I have not yet alluded, but which it will be my duty to submit to the House before I resume my seat, will be adopted, framed on the sup- position that the subsidy required to es- tablish steam communication along our coast will be voted, that a moderate vote for gold prospecting and testing our ex- tensive quartz reefs will be granted ; and that a slight increase of taxation will also be adopted. When these questions are decided, as I hope they will be, in the affirmative, there shall be no delay in placing the Estimates on the table of the House. But, in order that there may be no misunderstanding on the part of bon. members, I will offer a few observations in regard to the Estimates which I think will place matters in as clear a light as if tbey had them before them. Sir, the total expenditure estimated for the cur- rent year, 1872, is ¿898,036; the total estimated expenditure for 1873, suppos- ing that the governmental measures to which I have alluded be affirmed, is £105,842. Notwithstanding this in- crease, the aggregate amount of the sala- ries to be paid during the ensuing year is actually less than the amount paid in 1872, and the Government only propose two slight increases in the salaries of officials, namely, an extra £50 for the Postmaster General, who, in addition to his other departmental duties," has now assumed" the entire responsibility and control of the telegraph department ; and another £50 increase for the Government Printer, than whom, Sir, I undertake to say' there is not a more underpaid offi- cial in the colony, nor one who discharges his duties more efficiently. The engage- ment oí Mr. Brown terminates at the end of the present month, when his general seport will be ready, and his services will cease. There will be a trifling increase in the Pension List, necessitated by the retirement of the Colonial Surgeon, who will be entitled to a pension of .£216; and the retirement, also, of Mr. Viveash, the late Eesident Magistrate for ,the Swan District, who becomes entitled to <£104; and lastly by the retirement of the lighthousekeeper at Fremantle, who will be entitled to a pension of «£27. I am glad to be able to propose an addi- tional sum of «£1000 towards the mainte- nance of roads. For the establishment of steam communication a subsidy of £4000 is proposed ; for Gold prospecting £750, and the same amount for Immi- gration purposes. For the improvement of the navigation of Challenger "Passage a sum of £1000 is placed on the esti- mates, and the sum of £2500 towards the payment of interest on the Public Loan. With the foregoing exceptions, the estimates will show little or no varia- tion from those now in force. I now perhaps come to the important part of the statement which I dave the honor of submitting to the House; I mean the question of Ways and Means ; but before entering upon that subject I must again crave the indulgence of hon. members while I make a short digression. My sole object in doing so is a jealousy of the honor of the Government, and a de- sire to explain what, if unexplained, may be greatly misunderstood. A statemeut has been made, Sir, in perfectly good faith, I have no reason to say otherwise, and under the belief that it was alto- gether correct, which in some measure affects me personally and may be taken to affect my official reputption. In al- luding to it, I will again divert myself of my personal feeling in the matter, and I would not have troubled the House by referring to it at all except for the mere purpose of showing that there are two sides to the case. The statement to which I allude, Sir, was made by an hon. gentleman in another portion of this building, not very lo-isr ago ; a statement to the effect that when the late Governor Hampton left this colony there was a sum of £25,000 in the Treasury chest ; that at the present time the chest was empty ; that with a less revenue than we have at present Governor Hampton undertook and carried out large public works. Now, Sir, I think the fair infer- ence to be drawn from that statement is that during the administration of the late Governor, the affairs of the colony were better managed than they are at present. In the time of Governor Hamp- ton I had quite as much to do with the finances of the colony as at the present day, and if I was uot in a position to show that there is another side to the statement alluded to I would merely re- main silent, and endeavor to amend mat- ters for the future. If the circumstances of the colony were at the present time the same as in the days of the late Gov- ernor Hampton we should have grie- vously erred and been to blame had there not been a large surplus in the public chest at the present day. The hon. gen- tleman who made the statement I allude to, was not aware of all the circumstan- ces which have made such a great differ- ence between the administration of the late Governor and the present adminis- tration. I simply propose to trouble the Council with a few figures to show that had things been the same during the first two years of the present administra- tion, 1870 and 1871, as they were during the last two years of the late adminis- tration, the financial position of the col- ony would have been very different to what it now is. Governor Hampton, Sir, left this colony on the 2nd November, 1868, at which date there was a sum of £22,475 in the Treasury chest. Gover- nor Weld arrived on Sept. 30th, 1869, and found the sum of £12,737 in the Treasury chest. Now, Sir, I propose to lay aside altogether the year 1869, which was the interim between the departure of Governor Hampton and the arrival of Governor Weld, though the figures of that year would suit me better, and to confine my attention to the previous years, the two last years of Governor Hampton's term of office, and to compare them with 1870 and 1871, the two first years of the present Governor's adminis- tration. And what do we find? I find that the balance in the public chest on January 1st, 1867, was «£3,466, and that the whole amount of revenue received during that year and the following, 1868, was £189,927, making a total of £119, 393\. The actual expenditure during the same period amounted to £179,229, leaving a balance of £20,164 at the end of 1868. Let me analyse these figures a little further. The estimated revenue for the two years alluded to was £176, 033, and the actual receipts amounted to £189,927, being £13,894 in excess of the estimated revenue. Such was the state of affairs in 1867 and 1868. Now let me turn to 1870 and 1871. The balance in the public chest on 1st January, 1870, was £20,164, the actual revenue received in 1870 and 1871 was £196,733, making a total of «£216,123. Tho actual expen- diture during the same period was £220, 194, leaving a deficiency on 31st Decem- ber, 1871, of of £4071. But. now let us compare the two years. Take the ba- lance on January 1st, 1870, £20,164, add the estimated revenue of the two years £8059 more than was actually received) £203,795 ; add again a similar excess of revenue to that received in 1867 and 1868, viz., «£J39894, and the total will be £238,074. Deduct the entire expendi- ture, £220,190, from this sum, and a balance is shown of £17,980 in favor of the colony. Therefore Sir I maintain that had the revenue maintained the same elasticity in 1870 and 1871 that it did in 1857 and 1868, when Mr. Hamp- ton wisely accumulated the surplus funds for use in failing times, there would have been, after allowing for all overdrafts, no less a sum than £18,000 in the Treasury on the 1st January, 1872 But let me go a little further still. In 1867 and 1868 there was expended on public works and roads the sum of £27,549, and in 1870 and 1871 £24,898, the ex- cess bills of 1867-8 amounted to £17, 363, and those for 1870-71 to £27,549, and the last at a time of unprecedented distress in the colony, when money had to be expended without the authority of Council. Now, Sir, this is a fair state- ment of our financial affairs duriug the years referred to, and I think it at any rate shows that there has been no mis- management, and that there are two sides to the question. I repeat that I should not have alluded to this matter at all, did I not consider that, in justice to myself and to the Government of which I am a member, I would have egregiously erred did I allow such state- ments to go forth without endeavoring to show that there was another aspect to the case, that things were not quite so bad as they had been made out, and that had the circumstances of the colony con- tinued the same as they were in the days of the late Governor Hampton, we should now, iustead of having an empty chest, have the sum of ¿818,000 in hand. Having set myself right on this point, I will only add with reference to it that it is my desire, and it is the desire of the Government, that everything connected with the finances of the colony should be clearly laid before this Council. The Government. Sir, have nothing which they wish to conceal from this House. It will be in the recollection of hon. members that the tariff was revised early last year, and that considerable alterations were then effected in the duties leviable on certain articles. It is not the duty of the Government to suggest any further alterations in those rates of duties, for the following reason.* It is considered that a continual alteration of the duties leviable on various articles of trade leads to a disarrangement of commerce, and, with one exception, no alteration is now proposed by the Government. That ex- ception is the raising of the ad valorem duty from seven per cent, to seven and a half per cent., which will effect an in- crease of between ¿8400 and ¿8500 in the revenue. Beyond this, there is no inten- tion of revising the tariff, but it is pro- posed to extend the free list iu such a mauner as it is hoped will give an im- petus to all matters connected with colo- nial produce, commerce, manufactures, and agricultural industries. In fact, Sir, it is proposed by the Government to re- move the duty off all raw materials that can be produced or manufactured in the colony. (Hear, hear.) I think this will be a very great boon to the conn try. It is not my intention at present to enter into any further details in this matter ; when the question comes before the House in due form, item by item will have to be discussed, and, so far as I can see, not one single interest in the colony will be materially benefited by the pro- posed change, I am quite aware, Sir, that it was only last year that we re- moved from the free list many of the articles which it is now proposed to re- store to it ; but the Governor has come to the conclusion that a mistake was made in removing them from the Free List at all. For this reason it is now in contem- plation to entend the free list consider- ably. In proposing this, however, I do not overlook the fact that the revenue must be augmented in some way or other, and tbat provision will have to be made for the payment of interest on the proposed loan. To that end it is sug- gested that 12| per cent, should be levied on goods entered at the Custom- house. The proposition is one that will, I trust, commend itself to favor if only on account of its simplicity ; it is a course that has been satisfactorily adopted else- where, that can be taken up or dropped at any time without disarranging busi- ness matters, and it will involve no addi- tional expense in the collection of the additional duty. It is a just and equi- table arrangement, and will press fairly on all classes. This proposal disarranges no existing duty of any kind, and it will cause no trouble in calculation. It may be removed, lowered, or increased, with- out leading to any confused disarrange- ments of the machinery of commerce, or disturbing our fiscal relations in the least. The sum which such a duty would bring to the revenue is something like ¿85,900, which will meet all the requirements attendant upon the increased expendi- ture which the initiation of a public loan, as contemplated in the present Loan Bill, will entail. Sir, I will detain the House no longer; I have already trespassed too long on its indulgence and forbear- ance. Such, briefly, are the proposals which it has been my privilege to place this evening before this honorable House. And I have only now to ask that they may receive from hon. members a calm, careful, and dispassionate consideration. The more they look at them the more will they like them ; the closer they exa- mine them, the more convinced will they be that the Government, at any rate, has not been idle, but has adopted and brought forward an enlightened and pro- gressive, a steadily progressive policy. I only hope it may meet with the concur- rence of the House j but whether it does or does not, I will here ventuie to pledge myself on behalf of the Government that any plan or suggestion offered by this Council having tor its object the general welfare of the colony, the development of its resources, and the encouragement of enterprise and industry, will receive from the members of the Government that same calm aud dispassionate consi- deration, that same careful attentioirthat I now ask hon. members to accord to the propositions which it has been my privi- lege to lay before them to-night. (The non, gentleman, who commenced his fin* àncial statement at twenty minutes pitt six* resumed his seat, amidst the cheek», of the House, at eight o'clock precisely,) Mr: LEAKE said it had been his pam» cular wish not to hare been in the posi- tion in which he then found himseht When he accepted the position of Speak« , er, he did so with a firm determination * not to take any more part in the debate» of the House than he was forced to do. He bad endeavored on the previous dar, when the House was in committee, to do all that he possibly could to prevent being brought on his legs, and he now rose to offer what he might call an ex- planation. He had no idea of reviewing; the most able statement which had just been made. Had not,-he would not say his name been alluded to, for hit name had not been mentioned, but had he not evidently been alluded to by the bon. gentleman who just sat down, he would not then be standing before the House-his feelings altogether would have prompted him to support the hon. gentleman and the Government in the . views which he had submitted for their consideration ; but when his toes were trodden upon, or whenever the interests of his constituency called him forth, he would never shirk his duty. Allusion had been made to a statement made bj an bon. gentleman at a public meetings held close by. He was that hon. gentle« man. He it" was who had alluded to that ^ great and good financier the late Gover- nor Hampton, and expressed a belief that if that poor gentleman or his ghost had been amongst us we should not have had the present lamentable state of the pub- lic funds. He was particularly sorry that this matter had been brought for- ward ; but figures were stubborn things, and when he had spoke at the publio meeting alluded to he believed he was justified in all that be then said. He would give the House his reason for making the statement to which he had alluded, and in doing so might observe that the figures which he was about to quote would be found in the tabular statement made by the Auditor General in the Census returns. He would go as far back as the year 1862, when he found that the revenue amounted to ¿867,337, the expenditure for the same year being «£72,268, «£4931 in excess of the revenue. In 1863 the revenue was «£69,408, and W the expenditure ¿£71,073, being ¿61655 . in excess of the receipts. In 1864 the revenue ameunted to «£71,844, and the disbursements amounted to ¿670,715, leaving a balance in the chest of ¿61129. ~~ In the following year the revenue was ¿677,943, and the expenditure ¿674,985, leaving a surplus of ¿62958. The reve- nue in 1866 was ¿689,382, and the dis bursements ¿684,652, shewing a balance of ¿64730 in favor of the Treasury. In 1867 the receipts wsre ¿690,431, and the expenditure ¿689,502, w^ich left a sur- plus in the chest of ¿6929. Next year the revenue amounted to ¿699,496, while the expenditure reached ¿689,727, leaving a balance of ¿69769. He had now gone over Governor Hampton's administration, and the result showed that from the year 1862 to the year 1868, a surplus revenue of £19,485 accrued Deducting from that sum the excess of expenditure in the year 1862 and 1863, which amounted to £6596, he found that the actual revenue saved during the Hamp- ton administration was £12,889. He next came to the year 1869, when Gov- ernor Weld assumed the reins of Gov ment. In that year the revenue amounted to £103,662, and the expenditure was £103,124, which left £538 to the credit of the Treasury. Next year the total revenue was, £98,131, when the expen- diture amounted to £113,046, being £14,195 in excess of the revenue. Ia 1871, the revenue was £97,605, and the expenditure attained the sum of £107,147, showing a further excess of expenditure of £9542. From these figures it would be seen that irom January 1st, 1869 to December 31st, 1871, the public expen- diture was £23,919 in excess of the revenue. It was upon that fact that he had founded the statement alluded to, and the figures which he had just quoted would show hon. members whether or not he had been justified in making ii* He regretted exceedingly that he had ^' been called upon to make this explana- V tion ; he had done all within his power ^ to avoid it, but he was determined to do his duty to himself and to his consti- tuents whenever he was called upon. The COLONIAL SECRETARY.--The hon. member who has just sat down has al- luded to my having trodden on his toes. Before entering on the statement to which he has taken exception I dis- claimed as I now disclaim the slightest personal feeling, and my sole object was to show the members of this House and the public generally that there were two sides to the case, two aspects under which the statement made by him should be viewed. The figures used by the hon. member, taken from the Census, I can- not and will not dispute ; they are my own figures, as annually compiled by my- self aud will conclusively prove my state- ment ; in which there can be no doubt ; had the revenue shown the same elas- ticity in 1870 and 1871 as it did in 1867 and 1868, there would have been a difference of ¿622,000, and a sum of £18, 000 in the chest on the 1st January 1872. No doubt in the last two years the actual revenue had been increased by extra taxation, but every penny of that taxa- tion had been appropriated by vote of the Legislature had spent accordingly. Mr. NEWMAN followed in an able and lucid speech, which we have not, owing to the press of fresh matter, space to give, as it so well deserves, in extenso. As it fully appeared in the columns of Wednesday's Inquirer, it has happily been well ventilated. It is replete with the experiences of a practical commercial, as opposed to the expedients of a merely theoretical politico- economist. \-------------------------------- Printed and published by M. SHENTON, at the offices of the "PERTH GAZETTE AND WA TIMES," St. George's Terrace, Perth, offers all communications, adverttstmmUs. o*4 erám/fr «frintinf sr« fe I« addressed. 