MR. IRELAND'S BENEFIT. _Mr. Ireland had little reason to be dissatisfied with the audience that assembled for his benefit on Friday night, the boxes being the only part of the house that was not crowded. :Why they should have been so bare it is difficult to explain, for Sir. Ireland is one of those actors who performs less for the gods than for the dress-circle. He is, in fact, one of a class of genuine intelligent players who deserve all the encouragement ttat lovers of sterling high-toned acting can give them. Perhaps his mistake was in selecting " Hamlet" as the piece de resistance of his programme. It is a play that will..always ensure full attendances when it is known that there is a cast capable of presentiHg it as it should be presented, but the public are not disposed to run the risk of witnessing a failure. There are few playgoers even in Adelaide who have not been ..able either from personal study or from having seen the tragedy enacted in first-rate style to form a pretty correct judgment as to how it should be put upon the stage, and it is scarcely to be_ wondered at that tbe experiment of introducing it promiscuously towards the fag end of a season should be looked on dubiously by its most discriminating admirers. The result proved that their apprehensions were not groundless. It would be unjust to say that the performance was a . failure, but there were visible throughout the marks of hurried preparation. To begin with, the stage appointments were in some respects defective, and the arrangements in one or two of ths scenes,-notably that between Hamlet _ and his mother, were more novel than appropriate. Then several of the characters were entirely out of place, and none more so than the amateur who impersonated Horatio. We have no objection to local celebrities who unpretendingly assist other amateurs in promoting benevolent objects by the exercise of the dramatic talent that is in them, but we do object to their measuring themselves against professionals. Mr. E. H. Williams may be intended by nature for an actor, but if so nature has pretty well disguised her purpose. Of Rosencrantz, Guilderstern, and the minor characters it is not necessary to say much, for it has become the practice to entrust the 1 subordinate parts in Hamlet to very inferior, performers. The Majesty of Denmark was entrusted to Mr. Sefton and - Mrs. Wooldridge, the King being presented in a particularly unamiable and the Queen in a singularly' harmless light. Mr. John Dunn seemed at a loss to know what to make of Polenius— admittedly one of the most difficult of Shakspeare's characters. The most that can be advanced in his favour is that he understood the text of the part, and brought out the points forcibly. As to the appropriateness of the rendering the less said the better. Our idea is that there is nothing to justify Mr. Dunn or any other actor in representing Polonius as being half dotard, half mountebank. Mr. Appleton's Laertes was a carefully - played character, and Miss Carey achieved a fair amount of success as Ophelia. Mr. Warde's ghost was a very creditable spesimen of acting. At the best Hamlet's father out of the flesh, whatever he may have been in it, is a somewhat ; prosy old gentleman, and it is no small ommendation to Mr. Warde to say that he took off the edge of his prosiness rather than aggravated it. Mr. Greville has. so often played the part of the First Gravedigger in Adelaide that it is needless to enlarge upon the manner in which he played it. The character could not be placed in better hands. Mr. Ireland was decidedly overmatched. There were many very excellent poiuts about his Hamlet—in fact his whole performance was far before that of many actors of much greater pretensions; but still there were wanting the grasp of character and the thorough consistency of design and execution which marked Walter Montgomery's Hamlet. Mr. Ireland is a capital elocutionist and an able actor, and except where concentrated passion had. to be portrayed and dramatic touches of rare delicacy introduced veiy little fault was to be found with his playing. It can scarcely be deemed derogatory to him to make these exceptions, for he candidly admits that he has only twice impersonated the character, which is recognised as a study for a lifetime. That he should have succeeded so well under the circumstances is greatly to his credit, although it is singular that he was especially ineffective, for instance, in such well-known and oft-coDned parts as the "Soliloquy on Death" and the "Advice to the Players." The performance, whatever might be its imperfections, was well appreciated by the majority of the audience. Mr. Ireland is deservedly a favourite, and had his acting been ever so much worse than it was he would not have been spared the. compliment of being called out after each act and pelted with bouquets. At the close of the play he came forward and briefly thanked the public cordially and sincerely for their generous patronage. He said— "This is the second time I have played Hamiet in Adelaide, and only on these two occasions have I ever performed the part; therefore I trust any little shortcomings' there may have been will be overlooked. (Cheers.) I trust, ladies and gentlemen," he continued, " that this will not be the last time I may play it before you—(applause)—but that I may meet you many times again. Once more I thank vou warmly for your kindness to me." Tie afterpiece was the laughable farce of "Pipkin's Rustic Retreat." This evening the "Flowers of the Forest" and "Aladdin" are to be presented. 