Buried in the Sea, OR THE UPS AND DOWNS OF BEN BRUCE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XI. STARTLING OCCURRENCE AFTER BEN AND FRANK HAD DUG UP THE TIN BOX. "WHY did you tell the lawyer anything about this mysterious tin box we are going to dig for?" asked Ben, as he and his companion were walking towards the Fitzroy Gardens, after leaving their lodgings. "I expected you to ask me that question before now, Ben. I daresay you think I am a precious soft headed old salt, and that I am not to be trusted. The plain fact is, Mr. Blackstone got the weather gauge of me in a puff; but I'll take care he does not do it again. He asked me no end of questions about poor Dumby, and I answered them straightforward enough; for it is no good hiding the truth—it will come out somehow or other; and of course I did not suspect any manœuvring on his part. After he had cross-questioned me till I began to get tired of it, I thought I would shut him up, so I said that I had launched Dumby's corpse off the gangway, and that was the last I saw of him, and I could not tell him anything more about the poor fellow if I were to be bothered for a month. 'But what became of his effects!' the lawyer asked me. 'His sea chest was landed at Wellington,' said I. 'And the other effects, of which your friend Mr. Bruce has spoken to me?' 'O, the tin box—leastwise the paper parcel, I mean,' said I. That was how it came out, Ben—innocently enough you see; but the lawyer caught at it like a barracouta grabbing at a bare hook. He asked me again and again about the tin box, but I stuck to it that I had never seen it at all." "That was true enough, Frank." "Of course it was, boy; there would be no luck in my sticking to a lie. You know, Ben, I would not mind backing myself against any ordinary fellow— either seaman or landsman—with short sword, cut- lass, or singlestick, but I am not much good at arguing a point with a learned lawyer; nevertheless. I can stand hard and fast to a simple fact. He tried on all tacks to scare me into saying what would not be true, until at last I got rather cross, and vowed that if I were going to be hanged at the yardarm directly I could not tell him where the box was nor what, was inside of it, and then he soon walked off. But I was mad with myself, for I knew I had let him know more than you had about this precious box." "Well, it cannot be helped, Frank; we have neither of us told a lie about it, for we have not seen it yet; but we soon shall see it, I suppose, and I hope it is not too heavy for us to carry away with us." "I hope there is not any wicked devilry inside it, Ben, and then I don't care about the weight of it: but a small tin box cannot be much of a load for two sailors to carry. Yonder goes a car, Ben; we may as well ride, and save our boots. Cab ahoy!" They got into the cab and drove off. Soon afterwards they entered the Fitzroy Gardens, and by the aid of their chart they found the elm tree marked thereon. "Here is the tree, sure enough, Frank. Hand me your rule; we must measure four feet due north. Let me see—that is the south, for yonder is the starry cross; this is the spot, Frank, or within an inch or two. Out with your tool, and dig a foot deep." "Do you see anything, Ben?" Frank asked, while casting a suspicious glance around him. "No, no; there is nothing in sight; what are you scared at?" "I don't want to see a ghost—that's all. I'm not scared at anything else." Frank then took a marlin- spike from his coat pocket and began to chip up the ground, which was rather hard, owing to long-con- tinued dry weather. Presently his tool grated upon some metal substance. "Hallo! here it is, and no mistake, Ben! If it should be full of gold. dust I vote for sticking to it, ghost or no ghost. What do you say, shipmate?" "Dig away! dig away, Frank. Let us have it out." In another minute Frank held in his hand an oblong box, about nine inches in length and four inches in depth and breadth. "Poogh! it's only a tin of herrings, I think," he said in a contemptuous tone. "Put it under your coat, and we will see about it when we get home," replied Ben, as he scraped the earth back into the hole with his foot. "We have not had much trouble in finding it, anyway; I hope we shall find the owner of it as easily. Is it heavy, Frank?' "No, no; light as a bladder. Feel it, and carry it too, if you like. I am ashamed of myself for talking about sticking to it just now, Ben. When my tool first touched it the notion came into my head all in a moment, and my tongue let it out. That was the devil's doings, no doubt; and it shows how close he is to my elbow. But, in all honesty, this may turn out a lucky job for us both. Dumby told you it might make your fortune, didn't he?" "He said something of the sort, Frank, and I believe him too. I have sometimes thought he was only raving about this box, and that the parcel itself might be some nonsense or other—poetry, perhaps— which only himself set any value on; but now I begin to think there is something of great importance connected with the whole affair. Perhaps Dumby was a runaway son of some great man." "Likely enough, boy. There are lots of such cha- racters in this part of the world. I once met with the rollicking heir to a baronetcy in the Bay of Islands, and he was pulling a whaleboat for a bare living. Now, suppose we could knock a couple of hundred pounds apiece out of this job, what do you say to our returning to Sydney and going partners in a small vessel? There was a big lump of a schooner sold for £400 while we were lying at the Grafton Wharf. She would have suited us well in the coal trade." "But I am not a bred sailor, you know, Frank. I should prefer to start in some business on shore." "The coal and wood trade would do us first rate, Ben; I have known several sailors to go into that line and make money like winking. There is not so much art in that trade as there is in some other trades or professions. I could saw up billet wood at the rate of knots." "But we might have a steam engine to saw it up, Frank, and I could drive that. Old engines are to be picked up sometimes very cheap." "A capital notion of yours, Ben; and we might get a small vessel too, if our trade prospered. I could sail the vessel and you could stay on shore to sell the coal and wood that I brought you. My blocks! I can see how we may drive a roaring concern." "Ha, ha, ha! Drive our carriage; eh, Frank?" "Well, that is not impossible neither. Look at old Lumps in Sydney! He made his money in the coal trade. Anyway, we must drive our coal cart first, and a pretty long time too. After a while, perhaps, you would be getting married, Ben; and then I could come and sling my hammock on shore when our vessel was in port. Wouldn't that be nice and com- fortable?" "I think my chance of getting married is very remote," said Ben with a sigh. "Not it, boy. I was noticing that nice little damsel at our lodgings at tea time when she asked you if your tea was to your taste, she looked as sweet as sugar at you; and, to tell the truth, Ben, I fancied you had been saying some soft things to her while I was away in prison." Ben pleasantly rebutted the charge, and then retorted on his merry companion, by hinting that the widow had some special object in view in looking after his buttons so tenderly. Whereupon Frank laughed, and said that he was doomed through life to "paddle his own canoe." That sanguine forecasting of the future, or "castle building," as it is sometimes called, occupied them very agreeably until they reached their lodg- ings. Frank remarked, as he unlatched the front gate, that they had not seen anything in the shape of a ghost, though he had certainly ex- pected to see one. Just at that moment two constables, who had evidently been watching Ben and Frank, walked over from the opposite side of the street and collared them both. They were startled very much at their unexpected arrest, but they offered no resistance. Great was the consternation of Mrs. Blake, on open- ing her door at the sound of voices outside, to see two policemen with her lodgers; and she very naturally began to have misgivings as to their character, although they had been recommended to her house by her good friend Captain Briggs. "Tell us why you are making prisoners of us, mister?" said Frank to the police-sergeant, as soon as they entered the house. "I arrest you both on suspicion of having stolen goods in your possession. Show me what you have concealed under your coat." "I don't know what it is," replied Frank, at the same time he handed out the tin box from under his arm. "I must look inside your boxes," said the sergeant, who forthwith entered their bedroom, and began to turn over the contents of Frank's chest, without find- ing anything of a suspicious nature. He then opened Ben's chest and turned its whole contents on to the floor. Several articles of clothing he tossed back into the box: Dumby's bible he also threw back without opening it. He then took up the parcel of manuscript, which Dumby had roughly tied up, just prior to his death, and was about to open it, when Ben said, ex- citedly, "I warn you against opening that parcel!" "What is inside it—anything that will explode?" "I do not know what is in it, but it was put into my hands by a dying man, and he told me, solemnly, that his ghost would visit anybody who dared to untie that string except the person to whom it is addressed. I would rather be shot at once than open it." "O, it is addressed to some one is it? I did not see the writing before. Well, I don't want to open it, but I must take it with me; the ghost will not object to that, I suppose. Now then, come on: it is my painful duty to take you both to the lock-up." "I hope they have not done anything to affect the reputation of my house, policeman?" said Mrs. Blake, entering the room and looking very disconcerted. "I fully believed they were quiet, sober, respectable men, and so did Captain Briggs, I am sure, or he would not have sent them to lodge with me." "Don't flurry yourself, mother," said Frank, kindly. "Neither I nor my friend here have done anything that we are ashamed of. It is no use telling our story to these policemen, for they dare not let us go if they had a mind to. We must go with them, and we will go quietly; but, if the law only gives us fair play, you may depend upon it we shall be back again to-morrow, and then you shall hear all about it. Good-night, missis. Good-night, miss." Ben also said good-night, and then they were both marched off between the two policemen, but without being hand- cuffed. * * * * "Pray do not distress yourself any more, mother dear!" urged Annie Blake to her anxious parent, who had been surmising all kinds of unpleasant con- sequences for an hour after her lodgers left the house. "I do not believe that either of those men are dishonest, especially Mr. Bruce; and even if it should be proved that they are so, I am certain that no one who knows us will believe that we were aware of it when we took them in as lodgers." "We don't know who is who now-a-days, my girl," replied Mrs. Blake, with a sorrowful sigh. "I never before had such scenes in my house since I came to the colony as have occurred during the last fortnight, and I am really grieved about it." "All's for the best. Don't you remember you have often said that, or something like it, to me, mother, when I have been perplexed with some of my little troubles at the shop, which afterwards turned out not to be troubles at all, but quite the contrary?" "Yes, that is very true, my dear, and it seems as if I know how to give advice better than to use it my- self. It is wrong to be over-troubled about our concerns, but, oh! it is very hard to avoid it. It is our weak nature. We have had nothing whatever to do with these men's malpractices, if they have been guilty of any, so we will leave ourselves in His hands. We can never do better than that. Now, my love, let us read for a while, and then prepare for bed." 