THE XETROPOLITAN HAHDI ! CAJP. Br Pegasus. (FBOM THE 8YDNST TpWN AND CODKTBY JOU&NAD.;) ] That there are lota of things in the heads of handicsppers not dreamt of in my philo jsophjy is a fact to which th e weights posted ion Wednesday have made me palpably alive; for Im quite sure no sensation of modem !times, not even the fall of the fsxtons, or | the imprisonment of " Sir Roger," has caused greater consternation than the position of Javelin in the handicapfor the " Metro p." My intention was to review these weights j whenever they oame out; for, seeing that there was a very difficult lot to pat together, and that Mr. Scarr hadn't eeen about 15 oat of the <0, Iwas quite prepared for* handicap that would aatisly few people; bat I didn't expect to see the lop haif-dosan. knocked clean out, and here l nnd Woven at the head of the list left without the ghost of a chanoe —Little Dick being the only one of that 'number that we do pot know lor certain cannot tonegot one amo never fcpl T _ . The way tto tinee foaryear olds are treated is simply ridiculous. Kingfisher, most likely, won't apoept,ind as Barbells was always beaten intwo-mlle i*cmwlth7'ai, 101b. or upwards, it iui t sapposable that she ean haves chanoe herebartytogSst 81b. The earlyap? ofthewtfgnts is aboon to some homes,iortheytnay now makeup tt; not to oome to Bandwiok sttall. at thmelbaVadly afruMwifi beMr. T.J. Ryan, oriTim Ade^For' albpaotieal purposes the handicap might as well have begin a stone Iowa than it has, seeing that almost tor a certainty the top weight will actually foe Valentine and Cyclops at 8it 31b., at which at least one of the pair is very well in. If I'm anything of a judge, I should say that pablic running has shown Lady Clffden to foe pounds and pounds better than Pyrrhus, but theiatter has received the full benefit of all doubts that might have arisen about him, by reason of bis stable's confidence in him for the Melbourne Cop. Certainly, his perform* ances don't in anyway warrant his position. I'm game to admit that I don't fathom the reasons for many things in this listof weights; about which there is a haziness that's very difficult to see a way through ; and one of these unaccountable things is why Priam gives weight to Reprieve, who has won five or six races (including two three-mile handicaps, in one of which be carried about 8stJ, without being beaten. .1 dare say the company wasn't very gay; but, even so, when a horse wins all his races, and in a canter, he must have some credit. I consider Reprieve one of the best-in animals; but I maintain, that Priam has done nothing to entitle him to be an equal of The Duke or Mi&ty; Mom. I don't know Lancer; the young ones are too good for the likes of Lottery, and old Cossack; Illumination was ruined at Bathurst, as a three-year old, and I almost despair of ever seeing her at her best again. If my common looking friend The Quack is really improving into a racehorse, this ought to be his chance, &3 I reckon he's best-in of Mf.| Tait's; but the company is rather above (the ken of Johnny Smoker, J.L., and Dsgworth, which brings me down to 7st Here I find Clodhopper thrown in for his good deeds, and though no one more than myself ackhowledges the advantage to foe gained by keeping Mr. Brown on the turf, I'm by no means prepared to admit that for that purpose his horses should be turned loose. I don't believe there's a horse in the land that could have given Cyclops a stone at Mndgee; and if he can be brought as fit to Rand wick, he has all above him as safe as if they were boiled. Supposing my theory to be correct in this matter, what has Clodhopper done to get in at 7st. ? All his performances have, after all, only had the effect of raising his weight about half a stone. - The unconqnered Lecturer, incomparably the best colt of his year, receives a couple of pounds from poor Javelin, who has been all to pieces for months, was beaten disgrace* fully by commoners the other day at Mndgee, and is quite likely never to be a racehorse again; and although the Sappho colt has 4lb. over his weight for age to carry, be looks on paper as dangerous as anything in the race. I'm sure he's a weight carrier; and he ought to be able to stay. Tooth picker isn't quality enough, otherwise he's well enough in; but be must improve greatly on what he did in tbe Publicans' Purse at Mndgee with the same weight up; and The Heir's impost can't be complained of, if be were good enough, which I'm afraid he isn't. At any rate it's hardly possible for him to be fit. Mr. Rouse should be satis fied with the treatment of Lord Lyon and Wanderer; and it won't at all sur prise me to see the young one ran very well; for Fm sure he's a sticker, and he's best in of tbe two year olds, so far as one can judge.. After looking down the list, with a view to future probabilities, I come to the conclusion that tbe top weights down to tue 8st. 3lb. are out of it, tbe worst used animals in the race being Javelin, Tbe Prophet, and The Ace. Without pretending to understand tbe whys and wherefores of the handicapping, I pick out the following as having a chance:— Valentine, Cyclops, Lady Clifden, The Dqke, Misty Mom, Reprieve, The Qaack, Johnny Smoker, Clodhopper (turned loose). Lecturer Toothpicker, Belphegor, and Wanderer; and I'm very sorry that at present I can't, as my custom is, put the name of Barbeile among the likely ones. The old mare might have a show with the 81b. off her back, but she can't be in tbe race at her present weight—more's the pity. Its what I call an unfortunate handicap, for I'm afraid there will be a good many defections when the non-adceptance day comes round. ' 