LECTURE BY THE VERY REV DEAN MACARTNEY AT ETYERLEIGH. On Monday evening, at the Inverleigh Mechanics' Institute, the Dean of Mel bourne, delivered a highly-interesting and instructive lecture on the "Inspiration of Scripture." The rev lecturer introduced his subject by referring to the many classes of persons who we're scrutinising biblical statements, and the impossibility of meet ing, in the time allotted to a single lecture, all tho objections which are put forth against the belief in Scripture inspiration, or of adducing but little of the multiplicity of evidence in its favor. "Why, said the Dean, such opposition to the Bible ? This book, coming to a world full of murderers, fornicators, and liars, has done only what was to be expected, in that it has raised up the enmity of the natural man.- Did it not do so—were it universally approved of, as Scott's novels for instance, it would be an evidence that the Bible was not what it professed to be a revelation of God to man. The natural man, as of necessity must rise in opposition to that blessed book which shows him his ruined and lost state, and at the same time reveals to him clearly the way of life. Notwithstanding all this op position from the learned and powerful; and the cruel persecutions of the wicked, the word of God is with us still, and shall be till time will be no more. Within the last 30 years a new series of attacks have been made upon it. Formerly it was persecution that assailed, now it is something such as Positivism, which believes only what is evi dent to the senses or Pantheism that sees gods many—beholding God in all his works without regarding him as separate and dis tinct from his works. The Dean, after doing battle with these religious types next referred to the Darwinian theory which attaches such importance to the "result of natural selection," showing essential particulars in which the theory breaks down, and arguing that if even Darwin was right it did not follow that the Bible was wrong. Rational ism, remarked the Dean, is of all systems one of the most irrational. It would have men believe that the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, and that the grains of gold must be gathered from a great quan tity of rubbish. Impossible, said the Dean, that God would so deceive man as to send him a garbled revelation. The idea that God should send us no revelation is more reasonable tban that he would send us a combination of truth and falsehood. Some slight mistakes may have been committed by translators and copyists, but nothing nab yet been discovered affecting in the least the great question of man's salvation by the blood of Christ, or calcu lated to shake in any way man's confidence in the truth of the Bible. Some were willing to believe the New but most reject the Old Testament. This could not be allowed, as both must stand or fall together their author being the same. The Dean accounted for the practices which were tolerated under the old dispensation, but forbidden under the new, on the principle that God did not exact from man what he had not the power to render, and that be fore the day of Pentecost he was not in the position to yield that obedience which he was enabled to offer after the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. It is said that the teach ings of science are contrary to those oi Scripture. This is a positive and abso lute falsehood. On the contrary, it is found that science illustrates the Bible. Here the Dean referred to the discoveries of the geologist, shewing their perfect harmony with the Mosaic record of creation, thereby inferring the inspiration of the writer of the sacred narrative, who could not have given such a minute and and ae curatedescription from personal observation or knowledge. The reference made in Job to the sweet influences of the Pleiades was regarded by the Dean as a statement which has for centuries been waiting for science to illustrate. It is the opinion, remarked the Dean, of many of the most eminent scientific men of the day, that our solar system is moving round one of the central stars of this group. Admitting tho accuracy of this opinion, how significant does the statement, made thonsands of years ago, become. Several other passages of scrip ture were similarly illustrated by recent discoveries in science. Some of the his torical portions of the bible, the truth of which had been denied, were examined and compared with the long-buried but now fortunately discovered records of Asia Minor. This comparison went to show that even in matters of history the Bible was a book whose records were indisputable. The question had been asked, said the Dean, how is it that so many scientific men say that science contradicts the Bible ? It must be remembered that science does not make men infidels. The Church has many able philosophers in her ranks. The scientific men who Eay that science contradicts the Bible commenced their investigations as infidels, and infidels they still remain. In the walks of science there are many names in the highest position who are fully persuaded of the truth of the Bible and its harmony with the sciences, but such evidence as this the natural man desires not. But granting a contradiction between science and the Bible, what does this prove ? Is science right, and the Bible wrong ? The con clusions of science, it is said, arc certain. Yet what do we find—new discoveries being made, and old ideas cast down. Lord Ross' telescope upset the theories of Herschel and La Place, whilst many others, after a con siderable existence, have also come to grief. Scientific men are found to differ widely in their writings, but not so the writers of the Bible, though they wrote at different periods and nnder great diversity of circumstances. The writings of the ono illustrates the writings of the other. "We may be disap pointed by the teachings of science, not so with the teachings of the Bible. Which of ns has taken the Bible, and gone to the God of the Bible, who has not found poweri—power, in short, to become the sons of God. Some find fault with God for permitting evil, and not at once saying, " Let there be good,'! as he said, " Let there be light." It must not be forgotten that God made us intelligent beings, capable of choosing good from evil, and -His object in giving a revelation was to subdue men's hearts to himself. Trials and sorrows are allowed to overtake us, and sin is allowed to assail us, in order to,test the character of the man, to bring out the character of God's enemies' as' well God's friends. People say the Gos pel of God has lost its power. - -It is not 37 years since the first white man took up his abode in Victoria. Look at the churches that have been' erected since and the efforts still put forth.; .Does this look as if the Gospel was effete ? Here the Dean referred, to the movements through- out 'the world for publishing the 'word of God, and concluded by hoping that eaongh had been said, if not to convince, that the , Bible was the inspired word of God—at least to show that those who "held by the Bible were, not following a book of cun- ningly devised fables. The Dean and the chairman, Jfr Kelly, received a hearty vote of thanks at the con- i elusion of the lecture, which occupied nearly two hours in delivery. ;; 