HOME ? NE HvS FliOM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. v (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, 30th DECEMBER. Tlitr Assembly, during its daily average sitting of four, hours; costs tile country, in salaries to deputies ,.ui<i officials, tlie sum of 100 francs per minute. It has been-asked to boar this fact in wind, as well as 'another one,.that , Germany lias tor.be paid three ?'milliards! so as to ccbaontize timo in legislating for the national welfare. ' "Week after; week produces its siily debates on puerile matters, over whi-h the factions composing tho.Chamber lash themselves iato fury, exclaiming mca cidjia, after sobriety en sues, at tlie loss-of1 tmel Tho admission of the Orkanist Princes to" tho Assembly occupied in negotiation and, discussi.ou as much attention as ?wou'd have sufficed to make tho excellent, bill for public and compulsory education tho law of the land, but which appears to be as forgotten us the Princes themselves. The time consumed to deter mine whether a M. Italic was or was not a criminal Communist would li.ive been ample to discuss the project of array reform, and enable the people to know if military service was heucefoitk to he ouli-' gafcoiy. Having' been-so active in minor matters, " the deputies might afford a little industry to those of moment; it is tlicir" backsliding in this respect .that is giving.force to the demand of,tho ultra ltepublicans for the election of a new Assembly. Paris is iu a sulky mood, because the representa tives, the " country party" in the Assembly, will not oonseiit to resume their deliberations in the . city. It it a struggle between the capital aud the provinces, betwoau the head and the- extremities, i'rauce can never be tranquil while Paris is discon tented, and so open to tho calculations of nil pre tenders. AI. Thiers can be powerful enough to reject the pioposal for an income tax-, but he cannot bring*tbe Legislatui e' back to Paris. Tho means for raising the increased revenue are not yet clearly defined. The President, true to economic views, which have never changed since 1&23, repels free trade; but protection is losing ground, and com mercial isolation is regarded as the " happy des patch" for France. M. Thiers lias opposed to his protectionist ideas the soundest hearts and clearest mi.ids in the country-the same phalanx that has beea defeated on the income tax. Victories like this will bo lilortf fatal than discomfiture. In 1700 Kousseau said of French taxation-"he who has little pays much, he wlio has much pays little, but provided the gre.it bs content it matters little how the poor live." Slattern are not in such a state at present; but there are inequalities that the tax ation of income would leniove. Mr; Thiers licl-is that the rich are overtaxed already, anil the wealth of the Assembly naturally repels a project to be fllrther squeezed. There is something wrong when a man has to pa}' the same dues for selling a quarter of all acre of laud as if lie disposed of a thousand aero*, and if people have to be additionally taxed it is to meet exceptional demands. A speech from M. Thiers is now an event; to condemn liini to silence would bo to kill him. it is sai.l that rarely does a Parliamentary orator win votes by his eloquence, but M. Thiers captures them a: inatic. lie has a wheedling manner for plucking a majority out of an irresolute Assembly. He has no outbursts of eloquence, where sound might do the duty o: sense; he is very small in stature, and 110 one ever accused him of possessing stentorian hums; but his gestures, .the cl^ar, penetrating style of liis arguments addressed alike to the reason, pre judices, pride and humor of his hearers bears d.nvn resistance, though conveyed iu a childish treble. He never improvises a speech; he prepares his dis courses like pages of his histories, lie understands his aim, and be it right or wrong, marches to it. lie has thought out the means, hence there is no 'difficulty or ambiguity of expression. For nearly half a century he has tilled the public eye; there is 110 Vicar of Brayism in his past; lie hows to expe diency, but cherishes his personal views the more. His private life is without a stain; his public character without reproach. He is a patriot to the backbone, and never parades his patriotism. Jle is plucky, for he has fought his duel. He is rich withoat ostentation; has 110 ambition for titles; his desire is to be king among, not of, men. Suoli a cirir-icter lias consequently immense weight, aud his political heresies are pardoned, for he loves much France. Tiie Minister of Finance-Pouyer-Qnertie.---is a wry popular ami able mail. As a mill owner. lie is a millionaire. His jolly rustic look ;h sn-Iiciont to inspire confidence. It is said he lives only on clar.H- and soup, with statistics for decei t. After his chief informed the Assembly that the finances of the nation occupied 70.0JJ clerks, and the adop tion of the income-tax would email something like a similar corps, the Minister of Finance begged that deputies would not ileal with figures, they only confused a debate-nothing, observed Canning, is more deceptive than facts, except figures-and then he commenced to deal with them ny the fathom. It was a mercy to finish, especially as the lady spectators were becoming impatient, and the young deputies were fidgetty to form the hedgv-at a theatre-to see the e!eg.ui: fair sex depart. AI. Pouyer-Quertier has offered the " prize for virtue," or will give his influence to secure a vacant arm chair in the Academy, or secure a nomination as Minister at a foreign court, with the privilege to never quit Pans, as is now the fashion, to any patriot who can point out any article that lias escaped untaxed his Argus eyes.' M. Lichan 1, the celebrated la." ver who defended Tonaclct- on the charge of killing <k German ?.o!dier, and which produc.-d the r.-e -nt impolitic despatch Iroei Prince Pism irck, stites evidence was ad I tiiat his client us . I the knife when tho sol.ii ;i drew ijis bayonet-it was a case of *»df detVnce. All this is, however, secondary. Pis mark has produced an effect cmtraiy to what lie expectcd. Excitable as the French are, they have 1 resolved to nurse their wrath. They will not allow j their hand to be forced-will assist the tax- gatherer I tocollect the balance of the indemnity-will i\\\n\ other cheek to be smitten if necessary-will thow to the seizing of hostages, but will organise the co mtyy, a-ui when the ti.no comes-when the blast of war will again blow in our eais, they will Imitate th."1 action of tin* ti^.?r I Stiffen the sin^vs. Mimmon up the Moo.b -fhis remarkabe change in the French character otU'ht to make Germany reflect. Taere appears'vo'be a fresh panic setting in about the bai^k, and T^.>si!ver coin which was r appear ing is again retiring to its hiding-ground. The c\use results from the g)V£nimental demands on the national bank, not from -any commercial pres sure. The bank has nearly readied the limit of its legal circulation of paper, and if not empowered by the Assembly to eX'end it. must draw 011 its gold, which is being treasured for Perliu. The auxiliary notes, from one to live francs, are gene ra!ly received-the railway companies excepted, because they trade in the premium on the precious metals. The notes in question gee very soi'e 1 and liithy after a little wear and tear. Home politics are calmer. The prosp-cts of Royalty and Imperialism are getting small by de .;.o\%«-'s. The Legitimists have thrown up the game, Vf::;! the Orleanists have lost it. The Duo dWuniale js only great in his chateau at Ohautiiiy, where the lYinee do J«rnviih» shares an honorable insigni ficance, and, following his nautical habits, prefers a iianuaock to a bed of down. Tito I'omte de Paris is believed to be soiuewhete in Franc1. As for the Ponapartis:.;. tlndr struggles for public life are visibly weaker. The country has coneluded they ivi.r-s-ist no political piiucip-e, have only been a sad f iet and an adven-.ure in history. Pmap irtistn is vi'.ueil as revolutionary, ha* nothing conceived not even i's own existence, which was shipwrecked in full ca!;n - l.ii.e »!'ip* that have cone «lu\vii nt ten V. hen hruven «. i- aU tr mumhty anil very nearly sunk France with it. The conntiy wiil h vve no more Governments of expedients, has sr.U <.r occision. The Uepuulic is taking root, and : he nation is feelinjr the advantage of directly managing its own affairs. 3L Thiers devotes IS hours daily to laboring at the good work. There are several vacancies for the Assembly to be filled up in a few (Hiy*. The candidates so far arc moderate Republicans. Paris has a deputy to nominate, and t-lio strugglo between the Radicals and Conservatives is fiercc. Tho latter invited Marshal Jl'.Mahon to stand, but with his accus- ' towed honesty and good sense, lie declined, assert ing not onjy his position as Commander-in-chief as; an objection, hut that a soldier best- performs his duty by f.sohewing politics. The Kadicals hare held a series of caucus meetings, where the old elements of the Commune re-appeared. Victor Hugo seems to he the idol. He subscribed to ail t:ie conditions required, even to submitting to a proposed imprisonment if he breaks faiih. It is objeettd that lie is a viscount. that he once sang the pnii-.es of that " child of a miracle," Comte p»» Clnu::h«>rd, and might do so again. As he is "a man i»f genius tha-i illuminates the universe," ob seived a speaker, it was presumptions to discuss him. Kx-Goneral Cremer was proposed; he, too. would subscribe to anything required, and among his plans for saving the country, was the im mediate'renewal of the war with G rmany, and the brigading of all the clergy as soldiers -to be com manded bv Garibaldi, ns an elector suggested. In cidentally it was mooted that the world would bo delighted to .-ee M. Tiiiers imprisoned for life, and the Commune revenged. An orator, who com menced by observing ICngland had more " horned cattle" than France, was voted out of order, and re quested to retire to a lunatic asylum. 4* General" Cremer was not objected to for having broken his word of honor with the Prussians, but it was re yarded as a spot on tho sun, that lie vowed in 3870 to " place his sword and heart" ever at the service of the Kmpire. Thus I'aris is not devoid of amuse ment; the authorities allowed these patriots to have (heir say without let or hindrance, and the S^iuehas escaped from beinu' set 011 tire. The. army b grumbling at the slowness with | which the commission for revising the promotions j made by Gambetta is working, and desires much ; to sco Jfozuinc's trial concluded, against whom the pio<»fs of not doing his duty at Mctz become blacker. The soldiers are a shade more com fort aide in the camps, though they \imlouhtedly long after the lk'sh-pots of Kgvpt-the turrnek-life of the cities. On Christmas Eve, they kept high revels, plenty to cat and drink in honor of the time, and felt they .were not only glorious, hut "lAra' the ills of life victorious. It is currently believed the Courts-Martial are still sitting, but so fatigued is the public with their proceedings that the journals only rarely nutico thcin. However, the Government, to its credit, is freely liberating, :»fter a >)ight investiga tion, numbers of prisoners on the hulks. The official journal corroborates the discovery of gold in New C dedo'da, so that those patriots who are to leave their country for their country's good for the Fortunate " isles are to he envied. There is an intention to send Kossel's father as deputy to the Assembly, as was attempted in the case of Hamlin's brother. It is sad policy to trade on the dead, but in "Franco there if nothing like having a 44 body" to trail-a Banquo's ghost. Christmas was never more observed as a holiday by the French thau on this occasion-ordinarily a children's- feast. It- did one's heart good to wit ness old times come hack again. The chinches were well filled with worshippers; duty not fa-hion drew many.jThe 44 midnight" masses of the Eve were " low " ones, the Government fearing to attract crowds ordered there should be no musical pomp. The restaurants and toy-shops remained open all the night. It is the fashion to 44 sup iu " Clnist mas Day-oysters and sausages, onion soup and truffled delicacies, being the bill of fare. As the children cxpect 44 Ic petit no'cl'' to dep sit in their tiny shoes ranged before the chimney some present, the toy-shops did a roaring trade. Then? never were taken up more drunken people, and those who were able to staler heme saved from drinking their we k's earnings a few sous to purchase the expucted ratification for their little ones, and doubt felt satisfied they hitu nolle their duty. The annual fair on the Boulevards is well patronised. The terrible weather has moderated, and there is no lomer occasion for either sledges or boats to pass along the streets. The " Prussian soldier" looting tno goods and chattels of the Mauls forms the popular toy. 2sTow everyone is occupied in .sending a card to friends and acquaintances, in honor of the New Year, which for many is the oniy evidence that you have lived during the last ,*><»"» days. Of course a present is anticipated bv tlie youngsters if you destiiti t"> be regarded ns a friend, ami ail thos, \vh*> have ministered to yofcc comfort, or discomfort, during 1S71, expect you aro not a snlVerer by any monetary crisis; they adopt Danton's maxim - audacity, audacity, always audacity. The post oificc clerks work night and day to send olf the mountains of nit'tat <ic visitc to every part of the world. One of the favorite dodge* to demand a gift is adopted by some characters, who assert they saved your house and property from being burned under the Commune. M. Thiers will recognise the sovereignty of the Assembly by first paying a visit to its pre.-odent, when the latter will drop in on the Chief of the State-royid fashion-by the time he has reached home. It is the custom in commercial houses to adopt some emblem in honor of the season, which purchasers take away with them. This year the "etiquette" is a photograph of M. Thiers. There is a congratulatory address heinjr signed by the citizens, to be presented to the Prince of Wales on his recucovy. '^ho Prince is popular in tlrs country, as he is believed to share in the sorrows of France, as he did in the good works to relieve her distress. The snow-white beard of the lvnperor of Brazil is to be met with everywhere, Next week he can bid at the sale of the imperial kitchen utensils. The chamber-maids-negresscs-of his suite are stars in Paris. The medical men of Ballarat say that diphtheria is dying out. but that scarlet fever is becoming prevalent. MR. PANTO* AND THE Gki:long RACING Several.Ietters says the Aye have recently passed he tween 5ir. Paiiton, stipendiary magistrate at Gee long, and the stewards of the Geelong Kacing Club, relative to the issue of temporary licenses for the forthcoming race meeting. It appears that Mr. Pantoii declined to issue any such licenses unless he or some person authorised by him had free r.ceeess to the premises so licenced. This appears to have beer, mistaken by the stewards for a demand for tree admission, and accordingly they forwarded a reply to the effect that th«y wjro astonUhud at such a claim, and asked for a definition of the rights claimed. Mr, Pantou replied, stating that he had not mentioned anything about rights, but merely that free access should be given to him to the premises licensed. The corrcspon ience has since been forwarded to the Crown law o*nc?rs, who have forwarded it too Mr. l\mton for the purpose of allowing him to make any remarks he may desire thereon. The whole affair appears to be a storm in a tea-cup, as it is plain that the police mauUUate had no wish to obtain free access to tin; course, bur me:ely that some authorised agent of his mi^ht have five acc ss to the premises licensed, in order to see that they were properly conducted, in the same way that the police have now the right 10 enter any public house. Tin: FINANCIAL STATKMF.nt of M. Ponyer-Qner tier has just been distributed in the National Assembly. The expenditure is estimated at *2,115 millions of francs, and the revenue at 24251 millions thus showing a surplus of 14 millions. New taxes are proposed to the amount of 217 millions, of which 'J') millions consist of duties derivable from raw materials, tu~> millions on textile fabrics, and .SO millions from taxes on personal property; 20 mil'ions by raising the tax on sugar, 10 millions by ruidug the duties on manufactured goods, and IU millions by re-establishing the navigation dues. The statement shows that the new taxes will not overburden landed property, and will not affect Rentes, coal, iron, or the transport of merchandise. In the assembly, on 2(Hh December, M. Thiers delivered a long speech, warmly opposing such a tax, and treated the question from a financial, political ami social point of view; he dwelt on the insuper able difficulties attending its application to France, and pointed out the resistance it encounters in Englau.I, and the proposal of President Grant to abolish it iu America, lte said that the tax would upset the whole fiscal system in France, would eia*h with the existing imposts, would meet with material difficulty iu the collection, and would give rise to an tin just and arbitrary assessment. M. Thiers entered into details, showing that incomes iu France were already taxed in one form or another; he devoted a considerable portion of bio speech to the circumstances of the in troducliou of the income tax in England, and con tested the applicability of'the English system to France, the economic conditions of the two countries being entirely different, and. besides, even England derived a far greater part of her revenue from customs and indirect taxes. M. Thiers de fended the system of taxation in France as the most perfect and equitable existing, ami quoted figures to prove that the working classes in England were far more heavily taxed than in France. Alluding to the question of free trade, M. Thieis admitted his protectionist leanings, but said if he were an Englishman he would be a free-trader, as free trade lud made England's fortune In conclusion, TiL Thiers dwelt on the abuses of arbitrary assessment, which was worse even than feudal toil, which the income tax would introduce. lie drew a sombre picture of the perturbation, increased by party division, which the establishment of an in come tax might cause. He earnestly appealed to the Assembly to support the views of the Govern ment, and called on the members to unite them selves to him to order to enlighten the people, and said that the assembly, which was making a loyal trial of the Republic, would not commit an in justice. Hi:AT OF thf. ENGLISH SUMMER.-Mr. Glaisher, secretary of the Meteorologial Society, reports the mean temperature of the air at the Koyal Observa tory, Greenwioh-park, in the three summer mouths of hs71- dune, July August-(jO'ldeg., being 0'2d«\ir. higher than the average of a hundred years. Iforeports that the temperature in A gust attained O'Meg. at Aldershot ('amp, and at Camden-town. '.Mde;/. at Taunton, 0V7deg. at Chiselhurst and at P.oy.ston. 02*^Ir-«r. atScreatley Vieeiage, Berkshire, ami 'J2*r>«ie;. at Gloucester. *ln IS70 he had to report a temperature of Ol-'adeg at Taunton in June, and in l*dS 'J* leg at Leeds in August. Bed is a bundle of paradoxes ~\Ve jro to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; and we make up our mind* every night to leave it eariy, but we make up our bodies every mo*ning to ke-qi it late. A countryman stoppe I xit a telegraph window, where a young lady was receiving despatches, and after looking on for a moment, called to his com panion; " Say Bill, juss you come and see 'em. make paper collars!. Don't she know her biz, eh, Bill!'* "What is it you can tak$ without bands?-A hint. 