^-7 r* .*. Tiitii Ii true liberty, when freeborn men, Baviog to advise the public, may speak free." MILTON. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1872. The state or political affairs both in Sydney and in the provinces may bo bust ^escribed by the popular phrase tlmt " things are very unsettled." In spite of Sib James MARTIN'S dexterous manipulation of the elections, giving a clear lead of a'month to his own sup porters ; in spite of his blatant bullying, at the School of Arts meeting, when every dissentient to his monstrous 1 " blowing'." was incontinently bon-' netted and put out, the doughty, knjght has already 'sustained one empbatio defeat. As wo are iuformed by tele gram, tbe show of bands at the East Sydney- rio.miuations was iri favour of bis most formidable opponents,-ttte.' pertinacious PARSES and ^the saucy . . Samoel, by a large majority.' Wtetfier ' the .polling .will .sustain 'the.. decisipp of thrf lia^'mi^ t^rnnVti^ 'to bo soon; biit'i't' : may be take,n.\a&"'a' pri3tjty}f4tr^pidex' c^' tbe state of public opinion whoi) ii{- the yory stronghold of the ilAHTixiTES tbe leader of that party and at: least two of his sfyjinehest supporters,' the faith ful WlLSOSa.)d the boisterous Buchan'an, are iu tlie moat public manner possible put down, fjerfi, as wo have previ ousiy stated, -the geuoral turmoil is scarcely felt. We have mado up oiir uiini^ both as to the viuivs \vo ijasiro to ba represented, and the matj to represent .them. In contradiction to. an e-teemo.l correspondent iu auother.. .cola no. we assert tliat there is no divi. ftiju local o^ipioij worth iijeutioping 'either as to the side oftheqaarrel that we wish to eaponse, or as to the indi- ! vidual who in the next parliament shall champion our cause. Mr. MACLEAY may have his local detractors, or even, were there a ghost of a chance of suc cessful opposition, might have his local opponents. But there is no such chance ; and for the rest, who does not understand that for an honest, upright, independent representative to escape detraction would be only less marvel Ions than for the purest personal cha racter not to incur slander ? So far, then, as the present contest is con cerned, we may be regarded as spec tators only, not active combatants; and as the looker-on proverbially sees the best of the game, we may bo per mitted to express our opiuion pretty freely as to the tactics on either side. At present we have room for no more than a few comments on the prepos terous cry with which it is sought to delude the electors into the belief that the Ministry are the champions of what they magniloquently call the integrity of the country-martyrs in the blessed cause of " patriotism." It is not, we are told, a contest of parties, or even of political principles, but a grand national struggle against foreign as cendancy. In other words, for the first time in Australian history we have two colonies, offshoots of the same great empire, pitted against each other as rival states ; and thus the seeds are sown of what may easily come to be in future years determined hostility. And what is there to justify this cry ? In what way is the integrity of the country endangered, and where the need of this sudden outburst of patriotic fervour ? If there is any such danger, any such need at all, are not both to be found in the conduct of the Govern ment itself, which has recklessly com promised the reputation of the colony and threatens to drive one large section of it to a state of desperation, which can only end, as so gross a violation of right and justice, should end, in dismemberment. The matter in dis pute is about the meanest that could possibly be conceived-a mere question of money ; aud the cause of the whole quarrel is, because in dealing with this wretched matter of disputed account one party to the squabble cannot bring itself to be ordinarily honest. It is impossible of course to say, where so many disturbing influences are at work, what the issue qt this appeal to the patriotism of the country may be, but there can be no sort of question as to what it ought to be. If there be any danger to the integrity of the country, it is in the counsels of those who have done their best to disgrace and degrade it, and the truest patriotism will be that which renders this unprincipled ' coalition Government as harmless as it has rendered itself infamous. [Since the above was written our telegram has arrived, announcing the thorough defeat of the Government in the very stronghold of the Premier's party, East Sydney. The keynote of the elections has been struck with no uncertain sound, and we can only hope that ihe country constituencies will follow the noble lead of the city and relegate to their original obscurity the men who, in the desperate hope to save themselves, have not hesitated to risk not only the interests but the peace of their country.] ? "JSu.vsrROKE or. Grogstroke ? " is the beading chosen by a contemporary lately for a short paragraph announc ing another instance of sudden death, apparently from the much dreaded but little nnderstood coup do solcil. It is rather too grim a subject for joking, or wo might say that were grog strokes a recognised form of shuffling off this mortal coil, in sundry country towns of onr acquaintance the annual average of suicides would probably be much larger. That there are cases of so-called, sunstroke where the grog bottle may have had a good deal to do with inducing a fatal result is no donbt true, but the affection is far too general to allow all cases to be referred to a cause which at the best could apply to but a few of them, and even to those but partially. There is, beyond all doubt, such an affection as sunstroke, and the fearful frequency with which cases of the kind have occurred daring the present summer has given rise to no little surprise and alarm. People have been struck down on all sides, and to add to the terrors of their invisible foe, the attack in the majority of the cases reported has been as fatal as sudden. How many more cases of a milder character there.may have been which- have not found their way into print it is of course impossible to say. We have heard of several, amongst others that of a well-known gentleman as little liable to "grog stroke" as any member of the Temper ance Society, who was nevertheless 'knocked off his horse one hot day last week as suddenly as if brained by a bullet, though fortunately with not such -fatal .. effect. The Y average fatulity, however, in thet several cases reported is so startlingly large as naturally to give rise to the' inquiry w-hotlver'-tbis.-vmyjJter^uS ^affection is ^indeed necessarily t fatal, aud if not, what is-the.'inost'effectual remedy? Stfth an.ioguipy-is pf especial interest iii'this district", where we have had our , fiijl- share of fatalities from this cause, and are. likely apparently to have as many more. SeeiDg how often we innst expect in this clitnnte intervals of intense heat, and how many of us must be frequently exposed to the conditions favourable to sunstroke, the question becomes one of immense importance, and any attempt to throw light upon it should command serious attention. On our fourth page in to-day's issue will be found a valuable communication upin the subject (extracted from the AObserver) from a gentleman who lias i?ad experience in India, a coiintry well IfijQya to bo the hotbed -if such a term is allowable-o£ the affection, and whose statements -nre entitled to much weight. He -enters at length into the nature and treat ment of sunstroke, showing that restoratives promptly and judiciously applied will in Hie bulk of cases prove effective. The Remedies he mentions ase exceeding!}' simple, aud within the reach of all. He also furnishes some plain practical hints as to the means of averting what a writer, whom he quotes, terms heat apoplexy. His letter will be found well worth perusal, seeing that it contains much timely information. upon a subject of great practical interest. 