THE LAST EFFORT. When the General Council assembled at Rome, in the last month of 1869, a pro. gramme was submitted to it which had for its object, as was stated by a liberal Catholic at the time, the annihilation of all the rights of science, the deification of the Pope, and an aggressive warfare against national life. Temporal power was felt to be slipping out of the hands of the Pontiff, and, therefore, remembering the great canon of* Papal history—Cum irifirmior, tunc potens sum—a d«y»rntf effort was determined to be made for the purpose of re- establishing the spiritual authority of the Papacy. Bishops were everywhere admonished that "the power "of kings is not bestowed merely for " the government of the world, but chiefly " for the protection of the church," in con formity with the declaration of former popes: as, for example, Innocent tire Third, who affirmed that " the Soman " high priest takes upon earth, not the « place of a mere man, bat of the tree " God;" Boniface the Eighth, who main tained that "God had placed him over kings " and kingdoms, and charged him with " the duly of destroying and building, of " rooting out and planting again ;" and Leo the Tenth, who expressly stated in his bull against Ldtheb that It is a work of the Holy Ghost to burn heretics—under which denomination the Queen of England and the Emperor of Gebmant would foU. Bat inasmuch as contemporary sovereigns and rulerscare very little for the Pope of Home, and are perfectly indifferent to both his ban and his benediction, the head of the Catholic Church and his advisers are driven to have recourse to some other method of controlling human thought and political life. This is sought for in the education of the people. One of the ! objects contemplated by the syOahiu brought before the Council of 1869 was the complete subordination of the school- , master to the priest, so that die ruing generation might be educated as dooile ■ churchmen, and be tanght to regafdthe claims of the Pope upon the fealty and obedience ofthe people as paramount to those of the state. But, as Professor Paon bchahmbb pointed out inan ablearticfe in the FortnigWy Review, twoyearsago, " it isjmpossible that modem rtates can " endure such an ecclesiastical authority,,, " or enter into union with it, if they 're " to execute their own fhnctions ahd^,',', " true to, their of " These functions are, to bring the entire^ " being of humanity to its highed ■ " velopment and perfection in matters; "spiritual np well as material. " they agree to the most extreme cm*0®":;;, "isions as to the absolute power "'hierarchy, which claims an unlimWd plenitude of divine power, yet ^ "jnotsatrefythe not renouncetheir sovereignty, a :"jledge Papal supremacy/and " highest privUegeS iUs a gift "(Unless this is don& they "(aggressive, and always ready, as* "jdiiious stribute JBBwSSiSSiSSn&sw1; government ruins the workmen and alMe-dw*. As . mater of cou™, N.roWOK I11-m a modclmlcr' for WM not the Empress a plastic juppet in the J,„d. of bar spiritual adviersf In Spain, where the schodmasters hare been almost entirely ematcipated from :he tyranny of the clergy, w* find a Carlist Insurrection fomented and dicouraged by the parti pretre; although \t would, no d ubt prefer the restoration » the throne of that good Catholic, but hi queen and depraved woman, Isabella. Austria has broken with Rome by pasting the so called " Confessional Laws," pr the eman cipation of conscience and Intelligence; and in Prussia, Prince Bpmabck has eucpeeded in forcing though both branches of the Legislature sn Education jill which removes the iispection of cchools entirely from the tiiurch and confers it on the Btate; an|t he seems inclined to deal very sumn^rily with a refractory prelate who has fed the im pertinence to excommunicato cleric who happens to be a Government 'official. In Italy the free schools are beijg taken out of the hands of the priesthood by the Government of a king, whomjthe Rev. W. J Pixzgeeald, R.C.P., of H»bart Town} publicly stigmatised as a < bandit mo anarch," "a rohber-chiei" and an ti alien from heaven win passions " foul obscured." In these cronies, if we mistake not, there prevails a strong feel ing of determination to admit of no sacerdotal interference with jublic educa tion; and we have seen whata " counter blast" this has provokediin the now celebrated pastoral of Bishop Goold. But in proportion to the desperation of the circumstances in which the Roman Catholic Church finds itself placed with respect to its loss of authority in matters connected with science mid civil govern ment, will be the violence and vehe mence of the efforts which it will make to regain some portion of its former influence over both To com pensate them for the loss of their temporal possessions, the Pope and Ids cardinals, with the assistance of the Society of Jesuits, will leave no stone, unturned to strengthen the spiritual sway of the Pon tiff. And they can discern no method so effectual as that of getting pablic instruc tion into their hands whererer an oppor tunity presents itself. This is the danger to be guarded against in these colonies, and we should be equally earnest in deprecating the evil if it were likely to he inflicted upon us by any other ecclesias tical organisation. The progress of civili Eationand enlightenment has ken retarded and obstructed to such a frightful extent in Europe, for centuries past, by the sub jection of education and of civil govern ment to the authority or influence of the priesthood, that we cannot too vigilantly watch, and too sternly discountenance and repel, any and every attempt which may be made to resuscitate that authority here, and to bind the faith and knowledge of the people to the will of any lope, priest, parson, or presbyter. ! 