_ THE NOVELIST. WITHIN THE MAZE, [BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE."] CHAPTEB XIV.-NUKSE CHAITEN ON DUTY (CON TINUED.) "Why what is it that you are talking of?" she asked. "There has been no gentleman hore. Mrs. grey's husband is abroad." ¡ "But I saw him," persisted the nurse. "He stood ri<mt at the head of the staircase when mo and Dr. Moore was a going up it.' ' Then they went at it, asserting and re-as3erting. Nurse Chaffen protesting, by all that was truthful, that she did seo the gentleman : Ann Hopley denying m the most emphatic language that any gentleman had been thero, or could have been. Poor woman ; in her faith ful zeal for her master's safety ; in her terrible inward fear lest this might bring danger upon him, she went so far as to vow by heaveu that no living soul had been in the house or about it, savo her mistress and the infant, herself and Hopley. The assnrtion had its effect. Nurse Chaffen was not an irreligious woman, thoug sho did indulge in unlimit ed gossip, and love a glass of beer when she could get it, and she could not believe that a thing so solemnly asserted was a lie. She felt puzzled to death ; her eyes were good and had never played her false yet. "Have ye got a ghost in the house ?" she asked at length, edging a little nearer to the ironing board and to Ann Hopley. "I have never seen or heard of ono." "It'sa rare old place, this house. JFolks said all kinds of queer things about it in Miser Throckton's time." "He left no ghost in it, that I know of," repeated Ann Hopley. ""Well I never! I can't make it out. You "might a'most as soon tell me to believe there's no truth in the Bible. He stood atop 'o the stair's, looking down at me and. the doctor. It was dusk, I grant ; a'most dark ; but I saw him as plain as plain ceuld be. He had got white teeth, and a suit of black on : and he went off into that door that's at tho fur end of the passage." A keen observer might have detected a sleeping terror in Ann Hoploy's eyes ; but she was habitually of calm manner and she showed perfect calmness now, knowing how much was at stake. A great deal" had all along depended upon her ready presence of mind, her ease equanimity in warding off suspicion ; rt depended more than ever on her at this trying time, and she had her wits at hand. "Tour eyes and the dusk must have misled you, Mrs. Chaffen," she quietly rejoined. " Is it possible I put it to yourself-that any gentleman could be in this house, nnd me and Hopley not know it ? That night I had run down from my mistress's room, where she was lying off her head with the fever and the baby asleep in its little bcd by the fire, and was making a drop of gruel ia the kitchen here, when the ring ac the gate came. I lad a great mind to send Hopley to open it ; I heard him out yonder putting up his tools for the night ; but I should have had to go close up to make him under stand, for he's as deaf as a post ; and his knees would have been a long while making their way through tho maze._ So I went myself ; it seemed less trouble : and I let in you and the doctor. As to any soul's having been'in the place save me and Hopley and the missis and baby, it's a moral impossibility ; and if necessary I could swear to it." "Whore do that there end door lead to ?" questioned Mrs. Chaffen, only half convinced and that against her will. " It leads tb no whore. It's a sitting-room. Mrs. Groy does not often uso to." "Well, this beats everything this do. I'm suro I could have swore that a gentleman was there."' u "It was a mistake. Hark ! there is tho baby." Nurse Chaffen flow up the stairs. Ann Hoploy went on with her honing ; her face, now that she was alone, allowing its terror scopo. ' It is so foolish of master to ruu risks just at this hmo, when the houso is Hablo to be invaded by stran gers 1" she ejaculated w carily. " But who was to forc ée tho doctor would como bursting in Uko that ? Pray Heaven master doesn't do it again while that woman's here." Mrs^ Chaffen sat in the sick room, the awakened baby occupying her lap, and the problem in her mind. Never nj all her life had she felt to be in so entire a mist. Ann Hopley she could not and would net disbelieve ; and yet jn her reasoning moments she was as fully persuaded wat a gentleman had been there, and that she had seen him, as that the sun shone in the sky. A day or two went on: and the subject was never out of tho woman's mind. Now leaning to this side of the question, now wavering to that, Bhe could not arrive at a positivo conclusion. But, taking ono thing with another, sho thought tho houso was rather a strange houso. Why «a Ann Hoploy want to keep her for ovor in that one room ?-as she evidently did want-and prevent her «om moving freely about tho house ? An unfortunate doubt took possession of hor- was there a gentleman in : we house, after all ; and for some reason or another, Jeeping himself concealed ? Unfortunate, because it was , w bear unpleasant fruit. Bo whipped if it is not the most likoly solution o' tho matter I've thought of yet!" cried sho, striking her Mud on the tall fender. " But how do ho manage to mae himself from Ann Hopley ?-and how do he got his uotnala ? Suro-li/ she can't havo been deceiving mo ! one d not bo so wicked." ¡¡tom that time Mrs. Chaffen looked curiously about er, poking and peering around wherever sho had tho opportunity. Ono morning in particular, when Mrs. W^.Wa9 as^eoP> nnd she saw Ann go out to answer the Zfn *, bell> a dish in her htmd to receivo thc meat, «Tu?pley was safo a* tko of *no garden, for she T«ia hear him rolling tho path there, Mr3. Chaffen aae "so of the occasion. She went along tho passage to tho door where the gentleman had disappeared, and found herself in a dull sitting-room wainseoated with 1 mahogany, its wide, modern window looking to the maze. .Keenly Mrs. O-nffeu's eyes darted about tho room ; but there was no outlet that she could see. The dark paneling went from tho door to the wintlow, and from the window round to tho door again. After that sho made lier woy into tho small angular passages that the house seemed to abound in ; two of them wore bed rooms with the beds made up, the ethers seemed to be out ot uso Nono of them were locked ; the doors of most of them stood open ; but certainly in not ono of j them was there any trace of a hidden g'entloman. That same day when she had finished her dinner, brought up ta her ns usual, she hastily put tho things ; together on tho tray and darted off with it down stairs. I Mrs. Grey feebly cal kV to ber ; but the nurse, conve msntly deaf, went on without hearing. Tho staircaso was angnlar, the turnings were short, and Mrs. Chaffen as she went through the last one, gave tho tray an inad vertent knock- against tho wall. Its plates rattled, its glasses jingled, betraying their approach ; -if over she had heard a bolt slipped in her life, she felt sure she heard one slipped inside the kitchen door. .'?it's mo Mrs. Hoploy with the tray," she called out going boldly on. " Open the door." No answer. No signs of being hoard. Everything seemed perfectly still. Mrs. Chaff en managed to lodge the tray against the door-post and hold it (steady with ono hand, whilst she tried tho door with the other. But she could not open it. " Mr. Hoplcy, it's me with tho tray. Please open." Is was opened then. Ann Hopley flung it wide and stood there staring, a saucepan in her hand. " What, haye you brought tbe things down !" she exclaimed in a voice of surprise. " Why on earth couldn't you havo let them be till I came up ?" The nurse carried her tray onwards, and put it on tho board under tho window. At tho table, not having been polite enough to his wife to take off his flapping Btruw bat in her presence, sat the gardoner, munching ¿is dinner as toothless peoplo best can. his back to tho light. " Why did you keep me waiting at the door ?" asked the nurse, not plensed. " Did you wait ?" returned Ann Hopley. " I was in the back place there, washing out tho saucepans. You might have come in without knocking." " The door was bolted." " Tho door bolted !-not it," disputed Ann. " Tho latch has got a nasty trick of catching, though." " This is fine weather, Mr. Hopley !" said the nurse, leaving the point uncontested, and raising her voice. Ho seemed to be as Ann had former y expressed it. as deaf as a post. Neither turning his head nor answering, but keeping on at his dinner Ann bent her head to his ear. " The nurse, Mrs. Chaffen, spoke to you Hoploy. She says what fine weather it is." " Ay, ay, ma'am," said ho then: " fina and bright." What moro might have passed was stopped by the ringing of Mrs. Grey's bell : a loud, long, impatient peal. The nurse turned to run. " For pity's sako don'tlcave her again, Mrs. Chaffen !" called out Ann Hopley with some irritation. " If you do, I shall complain to Mr. Moore. You'll canse the fever to return." " I could be upon my oath that she slipped the bolt to keep me out,'; thought the nurse, hurrying along. " Drat the cross-grained woman ! Does she fear I shall poison her kitchen ?" CHAPTER XXV.-WATCHING THE HOUSE. Mrs. Jinks's new dodger, Mr. Strange, was making himself at home, not only at Mrs. Jinks's, but in thc village generally, aud gradually getting familial with its stories and its politics. Talking with thc men at the station one hour, chatting to tho field labourers tho next ; stepping into the shops to buy tobaçco, or paper, or losenges, or what not, and stay ing a good twenty minutés before ho came " out again : Mr. Strange was ingratiating himself with the local world. But though he gossipped freely enough without doors, and with Mrs. Jinks within, ho did not appear anxious to cultivate intimacy with the social sphere ; but rather avoided it. Tho Kev. Mr. Cattacomb, relying on the information that tho new lodger was a gentleman read ing for Oxford, had taken tho initiative, andjmado au advance to acquaintanceship. _ Mr. Strange, while receiving it with perfect civility, intimated that he was obliged to decline it. His health, he said, left bim no alternative, and he had como to tho country for entire quiet. As to his reading for Oxford, it was a mistake, he hinted. He was reading ; but not with a view of going to any college. After that, the gentlemen bowed when they chanced to meet in the passages or out of doors, exchanged perhaps a remark on tho fino weather; and there it ended. Tho reader bas not faUod to detect that this " Mr, Strange," tho name caught up so erroneously by'Mrs. Jinks, ¡was in reality the shrewd detective officer sent down by Scotland Yard in search of Philip Salter. His instructions were, not to hurry matters to an abrupt conclusion and so miss his game, but to track out Salter patiently and prudently. A case on which he had been recently engaged had been hurried and lost. Circum stances connected with it had caused him to lose sigh! of his usual prudouco ; ho thought bowns justified in doing what ho did, and acted for thc best : but thc result proved bim to havo been wrong. No fear, wit! this failure on his mind, and tho caution of his masters in his ears, that ho would bo in over much hurry now, In point of fact ho conld not if he would, for thero was nothing to make hurry over. For some time not a traco of any kind could Mr, Strange find of Philip Salter. People with whom he gossipped talked to him without any reservo ; ho was sure ofthat; and he would heartfully leadjthe conversa tion and twist it the way he pleased : but he could hear nothing of any one likely to be Salter. Tho man might as well never haye been within a hnndred miles of Foxwood; for the matter of that, ho might aa well never have had existence, for all tho trace thero wnE left of him. Scotland Yard, however, was sure that Salter was to be found not far off, and that waa enough: Mr. Strange, individually, felt sure of it also. Knowing what he had been told of the - visits of Sii Karl Andinnian to Detective Burtenshaw, and theil object, Mr. Strango's attention was especially directed to Foxwood Court. Before ho had been three days iii the place, ho had won the heart of Giles tho footmar (much at liberty just then, through tho temporary absence of his maater and mistress) and treated him tc five "-lasses of best ale at different limos at differoni .public-houses. Giles, knowing no reason for reticence freely described all he knew about Foxwood Court tho number of inmates, their names, their duties, theil persons, and all tho rest of it. Not the least idei penetrated his brain that tho gentleman had any motive for listening to tho details, save the whiling away o: some of tuesday's idle hours. There was certainly ne ono at the Court that could bo at all identified with thi missing man ; and, so far, Mr. Strange had lost hi time and his ale money. Of course ho put questions ai to Sir Karl's movements- where he went to in tho day what calls ho made, and what ho did: But Giles coule give no information that was available. In short-from what he could gather from Giles am others, thero was no ono whatever in or about Foxwood then or in time pnst, that all answered to Philip Salter Ho heard Mi'. Smith spoken of-" Smith tho agent, ai old friend of the'Andi unian family"-but it'did not once occur to him to attempt to identify him witb'fche crimi nal. Smith the agent (whom by tho way Mr.. Strange had not chanced yet to seo) waa living openly in tho j place, going about amid tho tcnants'on tho estate, appear- j ing at'church, altogether transacting his business and pursuing' his courso without concealment ; that is not how Suitor would have dared to live, and tho detective did not give smith a suspicious thought. No ; wherever Salter might bo ho was evidently in strict concealment ; and it¡¡inust bo Mr. Strauge's business to hunt him out of it. i In the meantime, no speculation whatever had been aroused in the village ns to Mr. Strange himself. Ho had taken caro to accouut for his stay thoro at the first onset, and people's minds were at rest. Tho gentleman in delicate health was freo to como and go ; his appear ance in tho stroet, or roads, or fields, oxcitod no moro conjecture or observation than did that of tho oldest in habitant. Tho Reverend Mr. Cattacomb was starod at whenever hu appeared in consequence of the proceedings at St. Jerome's ; Mr. Straugo passed along in penco. Still, he learnt nothing. Sir Karl and Lady|Andin nian had returned homo long and long ago ; he of ton saw thom' out togother, or separately as might bo, Sir Karl sometimes driving hor in a beautiful little pony chaise ; but he could learn no trace of tho man ho was after. _ And whether ho might not have thrown np the gamo in a short timo for utter lack of scent, cannot bo told. A clue-or what ho thought was a clue-aroso at last. It arose, too, out of a 'slight misfortune that hap pened to himself. Entering tho house one evening nt at dusk before tho passage lamp was lighted, he chanced to put his foot into a tray of wine-glasses, that the young maid had incautiously placed on tho ooor outside tho parlour-door. In trying to dart back and save tho glassos, Mr, Strange slipped, wont down with his right hand upon the tray, broke a glass or two, and cut his hand in throe or four places. Miss Blake was thore at felt really sorry for tho mishap, aud kindly went upstairs to the drawing-room to see its extent. The hand was in a bowl of warm water, and Mrs. Jinks was searching for linen to bind it up. "Why do you put it into water, Mr. Strange ?" she asked. "I will make it bleed all the moro." " Some bits of glass may have got in," he replied. " Will you havo Mr. Mooro ?" But ho laughed at the notion of sending for a doctor to cut fiugors, and he bound up the hand himself, say ing it would bo all right. Tho next day, in the after noon, Miss Blake made hov lappearance in his'room to inquire how the damago was progressing, and found Mrs. Jinks in the act of assisting him to dress . it with some precious ointment that sho vowed was better than gold, and would not fail to heal tho cui¡3 in a day or two. Miss Blake had previously a speaking acquaintance ship with Mr. Strange, having often met him going in and out. She sat down ; and the three were chatting amicably when then were pounced in upon by little Mrs. Ohaffen. Happening to call into see her cousin, and hearing from tho maid downstairs what Mrs. Jinks was then engaged upon-dressing the' gentleman's hand-tho nurse ran up to offer her moro experienced services. She took the hand out of Mrs. Jinks's into her own, and dressed it and bound it up as woll as Mr. Moore himself could havo dono. It was nearly over when, by a curious coincidence- curious,. considering what was to come of it-tho conversation turned upon ghosts. Upon ghosts, of all things in the world ! Sotno noise had been heard in the house the previous night by all the inmates- which noise had not been in any way ucoountcd for. It was liko tho falling down of a piece of heavy furniture. It had awoke Mr. Cattacomb ; it had awoke Mrs. Jinks ; it had startled Mr. Strange, who was not aslcop. Tho history of this was being given to Miss Blake, Mr. Strange gravely asserting it could have been nothing but a ghost-and that set Mrs. Chaffen on. She proceeded to tell them with real gravity, not assumed, that she did believe a ghost, in the shape of a gentleman in dinnor dress, haunted tho Maze ; or else that her eyes were taking tb seo visions. It should be mentioned that after a week's attendance on Mrs. Grey. Nurse Chaffen had been discharged. The patient was then doing quito well ; and, as Mr. Moore . saw that it worried her to have the nurse there-for whom she scorned to havo conceived au insurmountable dislike-he took hor away. Tho summary dismissal did not please the nurse : and she revenged herself by re porting that tho Maze had got a ghost in it. As a rulo, people laughed at her and thought no moro about it ; this aftornoon her tale was to bear different fruit. She told it consecutively. How sho had boen quite flurried by being called out by Dr. Moore all on a sud den ; how ho had taken her straight off to tho Maze without saying whero it was she was going till sho got to the gato ; how she and tho doctor had seen the gen tleman at top of the stairs (which she took ib to bo tho sick lady's husband) and watched him vanish into an end room, and had novor seen the least sign of him nftorwards ; how the servant, Mrs. Hopley, had vowed through thick and thin that no gentleman was, or had been, or could have been in tho house, unbeknown to her and Hopley. Nurso Chaffen talked away to her heart's contunt, en larging upon her story. Not ono of thom interrupted her ; not ono but would have listenod with interest had she run on until midnight. Mrs. Jinks from her k>vo of marvellous taloa ; the detective becauso ho behoved this might bo the cluo ho wanted to Philip Saltor ; and Miss Blake in her resentful condemnation of Sir Karl Andin nian. For, that tho " gontlomun in dinnor dross" wns no other than Sir Karl, who had stolen in on ono of his secret visits, sho could have staked her lifo upon. "A tall gentleman with dark hair you say it looked like P" questioned Mr. Strange indifferently. " Tall for certain, sir. As'tohis hair, 1 don't know ; might have boen, darkish. I see^ ho had nico white teeth." " " Salter had good teeth," was the mental comment of the detective. " I have found him." " And in dinner dress?" added Miss Blake with a cough. "So it looked like, ma'am. Tho sort of coat that gentlefolks wears." " Aud you moan to say you novar see -him after ; never but that there one time ?" interposed Widow Jinks. "Novor at all. The rooms was all open to daylight while I was there, but he wasn't in never a ono of 'em." " Then I tell you what, Betsey Chaff on ; it was a ghost, and you need not hesitate to say it." "Well, you see ho didn't look liko a ghost, but like an ordinary gentleman," confessed Mrs. Chaffen. " What carno over mo was, Ann Hoploy's standing it out that neither ghost nor gontlcman was there, she Baid she'd take her oath to it." .-!." Thank you, you've done my hand up beautifully, Mrs. Chaffen. I should give my crcdenco to tho ghost theory. Did Mr. Mooro seo tho appearance of this gentleman ?" " " Ye3 ho did, sir. I'm sure ho did. For he lifted his head like at the gentleman, and stood still when he got to tho top of tho stairs, staring at tho room ho had vanished into, I told him a day or two afterwards that Mrs. Hopley denied that any one had been there, and tho doctor quietly said, ' Then wo must havo been mis tho time, holping to catechise children; sho tokon.' I did not like to nsk whether ho thought it was! a ghost." . ¡ " Oh I think you may depend upon tho ghost, returned Mr. Strange, biting his laughing lip. " Well, sir, queer stories was told of that Maze house iu the late tenant's time. My cousin Jinks knows that well enough." ' ' ' ' " It was haunted by moro than ono ghost then, if all folks told true," assented Mrs. Jinks. " Mr. Throck ton's son-a wild young blade he was-hung hissolf ' thero. I was but A girl at the time." "Ah, ono of tho old ghosts come back again ; not been laid yet," solemnly remarked the dotoctive, staring at Mr. Chaffen. "Did tba lady herself seem alarmed?" "Well, sir, I cnn't say she did then, because sho couldn't have seen it and was too ill. But sho had got a curious manuor with her." " Curious ?" questioned Mr. Strange. ' " Yes sir, curious. As if sho was always frightened. When everything was as still as still could be, »he'd seem to bo listening like, as though expecting to hear something. Now aud then she'd start up in bed in » fright, and cry out what was that ?-when there had been no noise at all." "Feverish fancies," quiotly remarked Mr. Strange,, with a cough. By and by, tho party separated. As Nurse Ohaffen was descending to the kitchen, leaving Mrs. Jinks put ting tho room to rights, Miss Blake, who had gone down first, put forth hor hand and drow the nurse into Mr. Cattacomb's parlour; that revcrond man being absent on somo of his pastoral calls. . . "' ? ?' " I havo been so much interested in this that you haye been tolling us, nurse," sho breathed. " It seem» quito to have taken hold of mo. What was the gentle man like ? Did ho roscinble any ono you know-Sir Karl Andinnian, for instance ?" " Why, ma'am, how can I toll who ho resembled p I didn't get enough look at him for that," was the answer. " I saw his head and his tails-leastways the back tails of his coat when he turnod-and all. Except bis teeth ; I did seo them." " And thoy were white teeth-good teeth P" "Oh beauties. White and oven as a die." " Sir Karl's teeth aro white and oven," nodded Miss Blake to herself. " Had Mrs. Grey any visitors while you were there, nurse ?" " Never a one. Never a soul carno inside tho gates, good or bad, but tho doctor. I don't fancy tho lady has made, friends in the plaoe at all ma'am. She likes to keep berself to herself, Ann Hopley thinks, while Mr. Grey's away." " Oh naturally," said Miss Blake. And abo dismissed the woman. The widow Jinkä had a surpriao that night. Mr. Strange hitherto so quiet aud well-conducted? asked for the latch-koy! Sho could not forbear a caution as she gave it him ; not to stay out too late on account of his health. Ho laughed pleasantly in answer; saying he expected a friend down by tho last train from London, and might stay out late with him. But ho never went near the station, and ho met no friend. Keeping ns much in tho shades of night as tho very bright moon allowed him to do, Mr. Strange arrived by a roundabout way at the gate of the Maze, and let himaelf in with a master-key. " The dolt I was, never to have suspected this shut-in placo before !" ho exclaimed. " Salter is lying here in concealment ; there can bo no doubt of it ; and if his oareor's at end ho may thank his own folly in having allowed himself to be seen by the woman Chaffen. Won der who tho sick lady is ? Perhaps his wife ; perhaps not. And now-how to get through this maze that they talk of ? Knowing something of mazes, I dai'esay I shall accomplish it without trouble." . And he did. His keen intelligence sharpened no doubt by experience, enabled bim to hit upon tho clue. He got through the maze ; ho regarded tho house from all points ; ho penetrated to the outer path or circle, and went round andjround it ; he made, BO to say, tho outer premises Ilia own. Thon ho wont through tho maze to. tho house again. It lay quietly steeped in tho moonlight.. Ho stood back over the lawn against the laurel trees that were beyond the flower beds, and gazed at it. In ono of tho rooms a night-light was burning faintly, and he fan cied ho could hear tho continuous wail or an infant. To make sure whether he it was so, or not-though in truth it mattered not to him, and was a very probable thing to happen-ho stood forward a little on tho lawn; but as that brought him into tho moonlight, he retreated into tho shade again. Most of tho windows had blinds or curtains drawn before them ; the only ouo that had nono was tho casement over the portico. Mr. Stranue stood there aa if rooted to the spot making his silent obser vations. " Yes ; that's where tho gentleman is lying concealed safe enough ! Safe enough as lie thinks. Thero may bo somo difficulty in as safely unearthing him. Ho'd not dare to bo here without facilities for guarding against surprise and for getting away on tho first sound of tho alarm bugle. _ This it a queer old houso ; thero may bo all kinds of hiding placea in it. I muat go to work eau tiously, and it may bo a long job." Tho moon was begmniug to waua when tho dotcctivo officer with his false key got out 'again : and ho thought ho had his work tolornbly well cut out to his hand. Tho faint wuilingjiad not been fancy. For tho firat week or two of tho child's lifo it had scorned to thrivo woll, small though it waa ; but, after that, it bogan to bo a little dolicate,_and would romotimcs wail'us though in pain. On this night tho child-who slept with ita mother-woko up and bogan its wail. Ann Hoploy, whom tho slightest noiso awoko, hearing that her mistress did not seem to bo able to sooth it, left her own bed to try and do so. Prcsontly, in going to fetch somo medicine, sho had to pass the casement window in tho passage ; the ono that was uncurtained. The exceed ing beauty of the night struck her, and she paused to look out upon it, tho old black shawl she had thrown on being drawn closely round her. The grusB shone in the moonlight ; some of tho leavea of tho laurels flickered white in its rays. At that self-Hamo moment, as tho woman looked, some movement directed her attention to these very laurels ; and to her utter horror she saw a man standing there, apparently watching tho house. Tho sickness of intense fear seized upon her ns she drew aside-but tho black shawl and tho small diamond' panes of the casement window bad prevented her from being observed. Her first iinpulRO was to rush on through the passages and arouse Sir Adam Andinnian. Her second impulso waa to wait and watch. Sho roinemhered hor muster's moHt dangerous flory tempera ment, and the pistolH he kept always loaded. This intruding niau might be but some. wretched night marauder, who had stolon in after tho fruit. Watching there, she saw him presently go round in tho direction of the fruit-trees, mid concluded that her surmise was correct. So she held her tongue to her master -and mistress. The latter she would not alarm ; tho former she dared 1 not, lest another night ho should take up his stand at tho window, pistol in hand. Two things puzzled hor thc next morning; tho one, waa how tho man could have got in ; tb« other, that neither fruit nor flowers Bcemed to have been taken, _ That samo day, upon going to tho gato to answer a ring, abo found herself confronted by a atrango gontlo man, who snid ho had called, hearing tho houBO was to let, and wishing to look at it. Ann Hopley thought this rather strange. She assured him it was a mistake that the house was not to let; that Mrs. Greyihadno intention of leaving. Then he rather pressed to go in and just took at the house, "in case it should be to let later," she persisted in denying him admittance, urging her mistress's present sick state as a reason for keeping ont all visitors. ' "Is Mr. Grey still at home ?" then asked the appli cant. " Mr. Grey has not been at home," replied Ann Hop lop. "My mistress is alone." " Oh indeed ; Not been here at all?" " No, sir. I don't know how soon he my be coming. He ÍB abroad on his travels." " What gentleman is it, then, who has been staying hore lately ?" Ann Hopley felt inwardly all of a twitter. Out wardly she was quietly self- possessed. " No gentleman has been hero at all, sir. You mußt be mistaking the house for some other one, I think. This is tho Maze." " A lady and gentleman and two sorvants, I under stand, are living here." "It is quite a mistako, sir. My mistress and us two servants live hero-me aud my husband -but that's all. Mr. Groy has not boen here since we came to the place." "Now, that's a disappointment to me," cried thc stranger. " I have lost sight of a friend of mine, namod Grey, for'the past year or two, and was hoping I might lind him here. You aro sure you don't know when Mr. Grey may bo expected ?" " Quite sure, sir. My mistros3 does not know her self." , Tho stranger stepped back from tho gato to tako his departure. In manner he was a very pleasant man, and his questions had boon put with easy courtesy. " And you aro equally sure tho houso is not about to be vacated?" " I feel sure of this, that if Mrs. Grey had thoughts of vacating it, sho would havo informed mo. But in regard to any point connected with tho house, sir, you had better apply to the landlord, Sir Karl Andinuiau." " Thank you j yes, that may be the best plan. Good morning," ho added, taking off his hat, with something or>French civility. " Don't think she is to bo bribed," thought he as ho walked away. " At least not easily. Perhaps I may in time work my way on to it." Ann Hopley locking tho gate with double strength nt least, in imagination- pushed through the Maze with out well knowing whether sho was on hor head or her heels, so entirely had terror overtaken h"T*. In the height and shape of this man, who had been thus ques tioning her, sho fancied she traced a resemblance to the ono who was watching the houso in tho night. What if they wore tho samo ? " The end is coming !" she murmured, clasping her faithful hands. " As sure ns my poor master is alive, the end is coming." _Not to her master or his wife, but to Karl Andinninn did she impart this. It happened that Karl wont over to the Maze that evening. Aim Hopley followed him out when he departed, and told him of it amidst the trees. It startled him ina more painful degree oven than it had startled her : for, oh, what were her interests com pared to his ? " Inside the gronnds !-watching the houso at night !" ho rnpoatcd with a gasp. "Indeed, indeed, bowns, sir! But I hoped it was only.some thief who had come after tho fruit ; I thought he might have como over from the field by means of a high ladder. That would havo been nothing. But if this is^tho|8ame man, it means mischief." What was thero to do ? What could ho do ? Karl Andinnian went out, the question beating itself into his brain. Why, there seemed nothing for it but to wait and watch. He took off his hat and raised his head nloft¡totho summer sky, in which sonio stars wore twink ling, wishing ho was there, in that blessed heaven above whoro no pain can come. What with ono tribulation and another tho ourth was growing for him a hard rest ing place. [TO BB CONTINUED.J ^ 