MARRIAGE OF PRINCE ALOIS12 LIECHTENSTEIN. , Tho inrirnago of Prince Aloise Liech tenstein to Vliss Marie Fox, adopted daughter of Lady Hollund; wad solem nised by the Arclibishoji'of Westminster on Thursday morning, nt the Pro- (Jathcdral, Kensington; The - neigh bourhood of the Pro-Cathedral was quite in a stato of excitement from 'an early hour, several houses having lings hung out from the windows. A.covered passage was made from tho. road into the cliureh to guard aguinst the very, probable chance of rain. The interior of the Pro-Cathedral presentud a most striking appearance, Thojhigh Altar was richly ' decorated with beautiful Mowers, und a largi. number of ever greens were placed on portions of the steps. A part of the church near the Sanctuary was partitioned off, and within the partition were placed seats, and pric- dievx for the bride and bridegroom, and seats for mnny of the most dis tinguished of those who attended. Shortly before 11 tlie ArehbiJiop ol Westminster took. his place at. the side of the ; Altar, and near his Grace were tho Very ; Rev. . Canon, Rijig'rose, "the Very- Rev,- Monsignor. Capel, the . Rev. Father Richards, the Rev., James Hus- r tcy, the - Rev, Alexander . Coinberbauk, : I lie ..Rev, E, Croqke, and , .the; ,Rov. I James Foley. . Prince .Liechtenstein i .ioeompaiiied by' bis brothers— Pi ince II ui'y.and Prince Alfred---sooii arrived, arid shortly afterwards .the bride,,, who vas 'rie'on'nijVaiiiedj by Lady Holland und Eiirl Granville, was conducted hy the Prineo. to her !|plaeo.-! . Tho Prince of AVnles nftcr; some delay arrived, accom panied, by . the. Priiieess of. Wales;.. the Duke' of Edinluirgh; the Duke of Cam- bridge,' the Duke and Duolieua of Teeli, and a' :riumeriins '- Ruite; !;. A's the royal piirty proceeded np (huchnri!lv,'the'orgnn 'playe.ii '.'iGod ibuve. the .QuL'cn II i Al this . time the. cliureh was ,den so Ii wroiyded in all parts. Amongst tli'o nobility nnd. gentry present, in u.ililitiun to I lioso wo haye, named, were L"rd aud Lady Ilchester, Lord nnd, Lady CoyenT try, Ljrd,HueItiiursl,; Ijord arid Lady Lnnsdowrit'V'Liiid unil'Latly Lifoirii, Lady Powys, the Duke ..f. St, Alban's, Mr, nnd Laily P nsmiby, Lord -Edward ami Maria Fitzel.irenee, L-uly: BesBborotigli, Uuiintess , Giaiiville; ' L.irij, ' and r," L uly Hiugliam,-;.Ma.|auie Ciiralii,,'Sii', G''org" BoWyer, llqunt Beust, Prinee.aml L'riu- eess" .Metti'riiieli; Baruii'!aiid Baroness Biilow, Coiiht M uigelesj Cdiiiit Lu'liroii- f ldi,<Duke:Fiiglie, Count dcBombelle- ChevaUer, Schoier, &c; , &e.-; . Tho ibride- gruom and one 'of liis brotliers wore tin: Austrian uniform, and. his oilier brother the U'liioi'iii.of a Knight of St. John ot the Order of Justice.'! There were six bridesmaids : Miss Coventry, Hon. Miss Powys, Miss Callander, MissFitzmnirioe Miss Hubert, and Miss Ponsonby. The Archbishop, assisted by' tlie Very Rev. Monsignor Cupel ami the. Rev. ,- E. Crooke, celebrated the marriage, during whioli thu bride and bridegroom stood in front of the' Sanctuary. Mass was then said by the Rev. Alexander Coin- borb.ich, and. at : its terininatioiii the Arch bishop came to the front .of the Sanctuary and. addressed the tiewly- marriod eoiipb.', i -HisiGracu pointed out to tliem the 'solemn' piiarrieter1 of1 the promiso they ' had just -made to' 'eaeli otlibr in the presence of God and His Cliureli and n 'multitude' of frieiiils. They vyere to remember that those whom God joined together, '.'iio power on earth ooiild put a rintlpr. . When G(;d created man He gave, him nu helpmato. and the man and uqman .became, one. The .first Adam was united to God, the second Adam was . God Hiiiiself, The Re leeu'iur elevated the contract of marriage;- which was. ;(ine of those mvsteries " which,- il received in the prnper spirit, -bring down the .gifts of 'the' Hilly.' Ghost; Tlio en- | arlioi'- contracted- - to" share joy 'arid tc share sorrow. -The Holy Ghost would sanctify joy arid mitigate sorrow. As Christ :\vii3 'a head to,. His Cliureh the liuslmnd ough t to be ri head, to, I he wile, and .lie the fountain i df autlio'rity, . .but still in.'u 11 eiiarity. . He qugllt to betlie eonifbrfr, arid the, guide, of, tlie ivifo,; and lie ought to hp subject, to him,: as the Church iti , to. Christ.;! ..The- <Atchbislio|i next referred to the; fact that thuy had the day I before received together the Holy Communion, arid were united by the bonds of Faith, 'Hope, Charity,- and human sympathy. His Grace concluded by praying that God might grunt'theiri every blessing' here, arid to bo with Him in tjint eternal Kingdom ivhere there would bej'no nibrp1' cliringu. The'.cmn- pany soon after left the church, and.pro- eeeded, to the', wedding breukiri-t ait Holland,. Park, , The organ .was played hy Mr. ..Swaby, . .the music being ian Austrian , Hymn, -Mendelssohn's " Wed ding -., March,"; and .other appropriate piei-us, . Messrs, Cullin, Hewitt, See ti, Grtieber, Jerningliam, O'Cuonnr, linu-e, and Browne acted as stewards in different parls of the oinircli.nnd their excellent arrangements adJedmiich tri tli'e opm- porto'l'all who wuio present. The register was signed by thePrince of Wales, Prince Aloise Liechtenstein, Miirie Fox, Arthur Afaiy Adel. ido, Alexandra (Princess of Wales), George (Duke of Cambridge); Granville, Prince ' Henri Liechtenstein,' Franuis (Diiko of Teek), Opyentry, Prince Alfred Liechtenstein, ; Laudsdowne, Ilchester. arid Li Iford. _ . . . 