Parliament assembled on Tuesday at the j appointed hour. Members were sworn in, and | the Assembly elected its Speaker, Mr. Arnold being unanimously chosen. There was not : really much choice, for the H'ouse is not riph in men available at once for the post, though there are doubtless several who, if allowed time to prepare themselves, could discharge the duties well. But Mr. Arnold has not made himself obnoxious to any party, and there was no reason for disnlacine him. Before adjourning, the Ministry was asked whether any political explanation was forth coming. Sir James Martin said that he thought the most suitable time would be on the following day, after the Viceregal Speech ; and whilst there was evidently considerable impatience to know tbe truth, the House acquiesced in the Premier's view of the proposition, and did not press for further disclosures, although Sir James as good as intimated that if pressed he would speak then and there. A great list of notices of motion was brought forward, hon. members seeming in a hurry to get their little specialities settled at once. Many of these are old acquaintances, if not old favourites, and are the risen ghosts of the 1 . murdered innocents of last session. But some are new. Mr. Stewart is to shepherd the eight hours' question, and Mr. Nsale has come forward as the advocate of the Com- j missioners' water scheme for the supply of the city of Sydney. The Administrator of the Government attended at Macqu&rie-street;, at noon, on Wed nesday, when he delivered a Speech in which the resignation of the Ministry was announced, in which the necessity of passing Supply Bills was stated, and in which the Assembly was urged to pass them. The Address was con cluded by a long financial statement, that has been censured as incorrect, and iu any case was singularly out of place. But it has the air of a Budget speech, which Mr. Lord shoved into the Viceregal Speech, under the conviction that he would never get the chance of making it in the House. The object of it was to represent the state of the finances not only as flourishing, but as so greatly improved that there would be no necessity for fresh taxes, and would even be a chance of taking some taxes off. But as some at least of these taxes were imposed for the purpose of extinguishing the deficit of £800,000, until that has disappeared, it is difficult to say how the taxes can be removed. In the course of the debate during the evening,. Mr. Lord was called upon to give the figures on which this premature finan cial statement was ? made, and he did so, showing altogether a very large sum in the hands of the Government, amounting indeed to about £800,000. But Mr. Samuel con tended that the greater part of this money thus lying idle was borrowed, and the Government was paying interest on it, and that against the balance there were . claims that would absorb it three times over. What the exact liabilities are was not stated, Mr. Lord declaring that it would take time to make the calculation. Under these circumstances, it was hardly fair to put specific figures into his Excellency's mouth, as it is necessary to balance the Iia- j bililies against the assets, and show a surplus before pointing to the balance in the Bank as a proof of prosperity. The aspect of the benches when the House met was a clear proof that the Ministry was dead beaten, and they must have been wonder fully sanguine or ill-informed to have supposed for a moment that they could hold their ground. After a little formal business had been done, and more had been vainly attempted, Sir J ames Martin took the opportunity of moving the reply to the Address, to give the Minis terial explanation. This was verv brief, and consisted mainly in reading the letter he sent to the Governor, enclosing his resignation. In this letter he maintains strangely enough that the elections have supported the Border policy of the Government, and that the Customs returns proved the wisdom of collecting the duties. At the Eame time he admitted that as he had lost three colleagues he accepted the result as a general condemnation of his Administration and therefore he tendered his resignation. He says that nothing was to be gained by resigning before, as no member could legally resign till the time, for sending in petitions against his return had elapsed. Sir James stated that when the resignation was given in the Governor begged him to retain office in order to do what was necessary to summon Parliament, and pass temporary Supply. He further stated that the Governor had neither asked, nor received advice as to whom he should send for, but that he had sent for Mr. 'W. Forster, who had asked till Tuesday to com plete his arrangements. On the conclusion of the Ministerial statement Mr. Parkes rose to move an amendment to the reply in the shape of an addition, con demnatory .of the Government for the dissolu tion, for its arrangements with the Banks, and for its conduct during the recess. He argued that the course pursued by the Ministry was at variance with English practice, and with the spirit of the Constitution, and he specifically called on the Speaker to say how he had acted with regard to the agreement with the Banks. In reply to this challenge, the Speaker read a letter he wrote in which he declined to avail himself of the offer as being without Parliamentary sanction. Mr. Samuel, in a vigorous speech, attacked the financial statement put into the mouth of the Governor. Admitting the large balance in the Bank, he contended that the greater part, of it was loan money, and that the balance was far more than exhausted by liabilities. Mr. Lord was appealed to as to the amount of those liabilities, hut admitted that he could not accurately say as the account would take some time to make up. He did not even approximately say, and yet it is obvious that without a knowledge of our liabilities it is impossible to say whether our Bank balance represents a state of prosperity or otherwise. By way of getting up their courage the Oppo sition members joined in a dinner at the Assembly refreshment room, on the eve of the opening of Parliament. The number was large enough to show that the decided Oppo sition was a power, though there were not half the members present. A good many as yet belong neither to one side of the House nor to the other. They decline to commit themselves, and will await the development of events. We cannot at present be said to have well-defined parties, to which politicians new or old could be expected to give alle giance ; still less can we do so at a time when a coalition Ministry is falling to pieces, and when there are two unwelded portions in the Opposition. It is not to be supposed that be cause Sir James Martin and Mr. Robertson have peaceably drawn pay together for a time that therefore they will always work together, still less that their respective personal ad herents will do so. Nor.can we say at present whether Mr. Forster and Mr. Parkes are going to work with or against each other. The House will shake down presently into two general parties compounded of those who sup port and those who oppose the new Adminis tration ; but till it is known who are to be the men, and what are to be the new measures, a fiesh member may be excused for not taking sides. The nature of the arrangement between the Government and the Bank of New South Wales with reference to the payment of salaries to the Civil servants has been disclosed in a document laid before Parliament. In this it is made clear, not only that Government was a party to the transaction, but that it was officially the instigator of it. Some private conversatien preceded the correspondence, but the Bank was formally invited by the Govern ment to act. It suggested that Civil servants had a legal claim for their salaries, which claim they could assigns and that the Executive could legally and irrevocably bind its successors to re cognise and act upon that assignment. The Treasury assured the Bank that it could with perfect safety act under this arrangement. This, of course, was neither more nor less than to guarantee to hold the Bank harmless, and the Bank was very careful not to act except under the assurances given. Yet in his circular to the Heads of Departments, Mr Eagar describes the engagement as simply a private agreement between the Bank and the Government officials themselves. He does not describe it so in any communication to th? Bank itself. If it were such what need was there for the Government to interfere between the Bank and its customers ? It i6 obvious that if this contrivance were to remain un condemnned, a weak Governor, and a usurping Ministry, might keep Parliament at bay for any length of time, and the spirit of the Con stitution would be totally violated. The Exhibition opened on Tuesday with suc cess. The day was fine, and there was a moderately good attendance. Sir Alfred Stephen presided over the formal opening, and with a judicious abstinence from any lengthy speechifying. The Exhibition is a good one, and well worth seeing. The aspect of the hall is very beautiful, and the. laying out has been tastefully done. There is plenty of j room for visitors to move freely about and in spect the exhibits carefully. The live stock, however, constitute with many the grand at traction, and the show of cattle was never finer. There are also some good horses, and a few sheep worth looking at, and the minor live stock are also well deserving of inspection. Among the industries, one special feature of the Exhibition is the display of processes. This is both interesting and in structive, especially to those who have not had wmrVh nnnnrt.nnifv nf lippnmino' nr»niininto/1 wifli the way in which things are made. The gallery is mainly devoted to the fine arts ; and, though there is an entire change as compared with the last time, the pictures are none the less worth seeing, while they are far better hung. The Council of the Society deserves great credit for the way in which the Exhibition has been got up, and has established a claim for public support. The Victorian Government has found that Border Customs are not altogether convenient Because wharfage is charged in Melbourne, where a large expenditure was incurred to construct wharves, it has been considered obli gatory to attach the same charge to the collec tion of Customs duties on the Murray, where there has been no such outlay. But the wool merchants of Melbourne find that this does not suit them, as it tends to direct the wool traffic down the Murray, and the South Austra lians are quite prepared to profit by the quar rels of their neighbours. They have repre sented this matter to the Government, which has consented to make a corresponding reduction in the railway rates, until the Border question is adjusted ; so that all that is gained in j wharfage is lost in railway rates. j New South Wales has in one respect put itself at the top of the tree in gold- mining, for it has produced the richest piece of gold-bearing quartz yet known. The crushing from Kroh mann's claim, by which 16J tons yielded 5612 ounces, and that after 800 ounces had been picked out for Exhibition specimens, is a novelty in gold-mining. Of course, this fact has given a fresh spurt to mining adventure ; but there is perhaps some danger that the public pulse may rise to fever heat. It must be remembered that gold is very seldom found in such abun dance, and that, though lucky prizes will occasionally turn up, capital invested is to look mainly for its return to skill and economy, and the exercise of a sound judgment. For this skill there is just now a great demand. Pro moters and legal managers are to be had by the bushel, and ordinary miners are pretty plentiful]; but men thoroughly competent to manage mines are few and far between, and there is some reason to believe that many schemes will come to grief solely ftom being mis managed. The demand for skilled managers has been so sudden that there has been no time to give the supply. Many men will doubtless be drawn from the other colonies, and in time from California and England, but meanwhile some money will be wasted in bad mining. In some cases several companies have clubbed together and engaged the same manager, and this is a good plan where the properties are small and pretty close together; but it is not good where they are distant, or where the extent and importance of the workings make a great demand on the time and thought of the superintendent. 