'Ttt-f want of confidence MOTION IN THE VICTORIAN ^PARLIAMENT. MR. DUFFY'S SPEECH. We give tbe mam poruons ul i\xi: uuixy s I .peech ib reply to the various charges made JLnst the Gorommcnt by members of the JLosition, during a protracted debate (from I Y\\\o 22nd May) on the. second amendment s moved, on wit; -a-u-u j-'^ ....,.-_. w,....™^^ „ ,......, I \\- reality a Want of Confidence Motion and I the debate was not concluded last week :— I yr Duffy said that the motion before the 1 TTouse was one d esigned not merely to overthrow I the Government as a political party, but to dis 1 Lnour them aB public men by a charge that they I Jad unworthily used the power with which they I ' entrusted. It was bis intention to weigh I the charge in both its branches. When be as I sumed his present office he did it with a full de 1 termination that it should be used solely for i nublic ends, and he was there to contend that I that intention had been carried out. (Hear, Si hear.) He approached the question under some W difficulties, because he did not know whether all ? |jje charge* the Government were expected to » meet had been made against them. The hon. 9 member for Richmond had made just Buch a 9 statement as to these charges as he thought 3 noper to that House, instead of a clear aud H jfaclusive statement. He remembered in If He last debate how hon. members one If liter another assailed him personally when m Ms mouth was closed, and when it was H ingested that he should have an opportunity if offered him of replying, instead of consent 'm jng to that arrangement, they groaned in a M chorus of passion, declaring that he should not. M Well, he did not know if on the present occa M (ion those tactics had been repeated, but it M jeemed to him that the order of the day on the H present occasion was to throw dirt at the heads of 9 the Government because if they did not the 9J conspiracy of Flinders-lane woald end in dis Wa aster. That course seemed to him scarcely fair, 'm but his time had come now, and he replied on M the electric force of simple truth to carry convic m tionto every honeBt mind. He would take eo H much notice of the statement — the labored I statement— of the hon. member who had last M addressed the House . as to begin by s| referring to the charge that he had M abused the opportunity afforded him at the ban im quets spoken of to assail his political opponents. II He declared that a grosser misrepresentation M was never uttered. (Oh, oh.) He had used the |B platform of these public entertainments simply S for self' defence against those who were as 'M jailing him. Among the members of the late H Government there were three who were con -aj nected with the press, and among the Opposition m there were three others, making twice as many, H who, under the shield of anonymity under M which our journalism was conducted, were not Is sparing in their criticisms of the Government. \m Did any one think it was his duty to listen in r|| silence to these criticisms, or to use a fair oppor !M tunity of refuting them ? If he bad pursued the ?M former course the eftect would have been that lH the Government would have been Jied out of IJf office. (Chair, and Order). ill Mr. Dukfy went on to say that he had used ill the platform of these public banquets exclusively |aj for selideience, and four members of that 19 House bad rendered it necessary for him to do » «o. The member for Dvmdaa had pathetically M appealed that he (Mr. Duffy) bad assailed his M land policy when he was not there to reply. H The land policy of the hon. member would no 9 more have interested him than wbat waa going JH on at Kamschatka, had he not assailed the land H policy of the Government. He was one of the H proprietors and writers of a newspaper in this 9 city which misrepresented everything the Go m ment Baiol or did— assailed it six times, aye, M sometimes six and twenty times a vreek, in all M the moods and tenses of writing ; and were B they to be told that they should fur ever sustaiu H in absolute silence a fire of calumny of the M nature? H Mr. Macpherson ?. I never had a isbare in. H any newspaper in the colony, or anywhere else ; 1 and I never wrote or laid the foundation of any H -.v.v.d buu» u,ta appeared in any oi ine news- j M pauera of this colony. (Cheers.) H Mr. Duffy accepted this absolute contradic- ? w won, but said there were a considerable number M of P^sons, both inside and outside the House, | m Vfhom it would take as much by surprise as if « did him. The specific reason why he had : I W 1 1 action at those banquets was because he ' I m been assured by numerous well informed ! | TOons that the hon. member was directing j | ^machine against him, for the life of every |t Pwe man might be made intolerable did he not I j'tyaweauon to chastise unreasonable aggrea j( w. MR. LANG TON. !; if,.lUl regard to the hon. member for West ) 2°UflUe' he. had referred to bim simply to i hr \ Un^a^r aQd ungenerous charge he had | TSw .against him (Mr. Daffy) in his absence ? efl» *.? **ad abandoned his opinions on the \- that h question- The °.nly foundation for [ been ^ge-Wa3 ***** a con8iderable change bad I h«t tlf e 1U *^e esticQates from previous yeara ; I Richm j pnange was made by the member for 1 if .f d ; *ud ne would undertake to say that '? n ' 7 mpmber for West Melbourne got a govern $ W 7-l\ the member for Richmond at the I that iri ? would bring down the estimates in 1 ceeilpi\atlea1' la8hl0n- The hon. gentlemaa pro thP .7 , chai'ge Mr. Langton with criticising M '7bere of the House in the Argus. I jj f ^koton denied that he did so. i as 1 a- ,,?m : I cannot accept that statement ! 1 becaue tf 8tatemenfc of the member for Dundas, \- afticlp0 \ f ?.h°n- gentleicau showed me one J (LaugbteS beforo ix- went to the PaPer« ';- lionlr;.Lt1NQTOK Baid tha* h« meant eince the | J gentleman had been in office. l'ft«orfi F3fT8aid ^ anything bad interrupted j- uramary practice of the hon. member he had r 1 I not communicated it to him. (Laughter.) The hon. member often referred to Hansard, where their speeches were set forth againat the great day, and he ought to lay his criticisms of hon. members which had appeared in the journals before the House, so that they might hold him accountable for what he had written. He re joiced that the hon. member had taken up a position of antagonism to the present Govern ment. He had had him both as a colleague and an antagonist, and he preferred him in the latter capacity. (Laughter. ) Mr. Langton : When I refused to join you. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr. Dupft : Of this I am quite sure, that the hon. gentleman will not again by his vote raise me to a position of authority in the party with which he is connected, and then assail me with sly paragraphs in the newspaper with which he is connected. Mr. Langton : I never did so in my life. Mr. Duity : 1 can bhow the hon. gentleman a letter in his own handwriting. Mr. Langton repeated his denial. Mr. Duffy : Not one sly paragraph ? Mr. Langton : No, sot one. Mr. Dusty : Well, neither will the hon. mem ber solicit my aid to get him into the House, and then employ his position to defame me. Mr. Langton : I never asked it. Mr. Duffy went on to Bay that the hon. member for West Melbourne had read him a lesson upon fidelity to principle ; but the hon. member was not exactly the authority he would take his political morality from. The only question on which he had been tolerably steady was that of free trade, which he had stuck to because he represented a wealthy con stituency. When Mr. Higinbctham introduced his education bill, the hon. ruember — as re corded in Hansard — complimented him on it, and then when popular feeling ran high against it, became one of its most vigorous opponents in order to float with the tide. In the same way with the Darling grant. He was long one of its most vehement opponents, but when he became a leading member of the Administration after the general election, he receded step by step until he framed a bill to grant the money to Sir Charles Darling. With these facts before it, the House would scarcely set the hon. gentleman up as a guide in matters of political consistency. He Mr. Duffy had been lectured upon some idle controversies between himself and the present Commissioner of Customs. But of all the trans actions that had occurred sinee the present Go vernment came into office none afforded a better guarantee that it objects was to make a party based upon the popular interests and sympathies of the country than Mr. Vale and himself having J forgotten the controversy they had. (Hear, hear, and cheers. ) In that controversy he had always acted on the defensive, and when Mr. Vale on further acquaintance abandoned his prejudices against him, it was his (Mr. Duffy's) duty to welcome him to his &ide.; He had made it an unvarying rule of public life never to attack anybody, and never to permit anybody to attack him with impunity. But though he accepted anybody who had assailed him at one time from motives not discreditable to him, whatever political changes might come he would not take to his bosom a man who had charged him with having seized upon the public I funds illegally, as the hon. member for West j Melbourne had done. Had not the hon. member for Duadas charged the hon. member for Rich mond with illegally suspending an act of Parlia ment to put money into bis own pocket and that of his colleague the hon. member for f Mornington, and his supporters 1 Had he not \ charged him with subjecting the country to an i expense of £63,000, which he distributed \ amongst hia friends ? And had not the hon. I gentleman who made these chargos been de j nounced by Sir James M'Culloch as one who j had degraded this country in the eyes of the i world more than any other ; yet the hon. mem . her for Richmond and the hon. member for West Melbourne had taken him to their arms. MR. IIAKKEE. Having justified the course he took in refer \ ring to the hon. members whom he alluded to in his after-dinner speeches, Mr. Duffy proceeded to notice Titio uuu. uie-juuci.a wuuui ue uiu xiuu ttu tack, but who attacked him. During the de bates there had been two or three fine effects— when the hon. member (Mr. Walker) crossed to the other side of the House and when the hon. member lor Collingwood (Mr. Harker) rose and Bhook the dust off his shoes against the Govern ment. Young members who accept the tradi tions of the House must have thought that the milk of human kindness in that hon. member's bosom had been curdled by vexation, but he hsped to enlighten them and show that it was the black bile of personal malignity. (Loud cries of Order, Chair.) Mr. Francis called upon the hon. gentleman to withdraw the expression. The Speaker Baid no hon. member waa justi fied in attributing motives to another. Mr. Duffy : You allowed Mr. Harker to make imputations of a grossly offensive personal character agaiuat me, and I propose to answer them. If I have made any imputation I cannot bear out, the weight will fall on me. Thk Spkakbr said he had noticed at the time that Mr. Harker had made one of the most offen sive remarks that could possibly be made in that House. At the same time he had merely to translate the orders of the House as best he could, and he repeated that it was not justifiable to attribute motives. Mr. Duffy withdrew the remark, and said he should simply give the narrative, and allow the Jriouae to draw ita own conclusions, xweive years ago he had been the colleague of the mem ber for Collingwood, and any time between that aud this, that gentleman would have been de lighted to mako the pronunciamento he did thc previous night. It had been stated that he had left the Government of twelve yeara ago because of a controversv he had with the momber for Collingwood. He denied In the most emphatic manner that so trivial a cause would havo in duced him to withdraw. The facts were these. He (Mr. Duffy) waa Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, 'and the hon. member, who was Trea surer, put on the estimates a sum of £4000 to be expended in his own constituency, on a street not far from his own residence. He (Mr. Duffy) struck that off because it was contrary to law, but the hon. gentleman, in his absence, got it on again, and he was put in the position of either breaking up the Government or allowing the vote to pass. It was well known that on the reads and bridges out of Melbourne there were tolls ; but the member for Colliug wood attempted to get the Jobnaton-street bridge leading to Collingwood, and then just made, free of toll. He (Mr. Duffy) insisted upon applying to the constituents of the hon . gentleman the came rule that applied to all others. TheBe were the two grounds of corn plaint the hon. gentleman had against him. The Chief Secretary went on to quote from a speech of Mr. Michie, in which he charged the member for Collingwood with turning his atten tion to heaping up wealth, utterly regardless of tho high duties he owed to the country ; and also quoted a statement of the hon. member for St. Kilda (who had made the member for Col lingwood a magistrate), that he would have hesitated to have done so had he known what he afterwards did. The hon. gentleman added, that he left to hon. members to say whether, after the experience he had had of the hon. mem ber for Collingwood, that gentleman, when he rose the other night like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with all these recollections on his mind, was not glad of an opportunity of assailing him (Mr. Duffy) in a reckless and unjustifiable manner. When that hon. gentleman resigned his place as chairman of the Board of Edu cation, he left the Government no option but to accept it, and he (Mr. Duffy) bad no compunction in doing so. He who ruled over freemen should himself be free ; and it was not at all unreasonable that a gentleman who had to direct the public education of the community should have Bome tincture of education himself. (Laughter.) If he had thought the hon. meaa ber unfit for such a position before, circumstan ce3 had since occurred which drove that convic tion conclusively home to his mind. Everyone must have read the report of the proceedings of the Blind Asylnra, when the hon. member ut tered sentiments whicb, if Swift in his cynical way had put them into the mouth of a politician in Gulliver's Travels, would have b6en thought too extravagant. The hon, gentleman had ac tually said that there should be no Roman Ca tholics allowed on the Committee, because they would be likely to object to the dozen Roman Catholic children being taught from Protestant books. If such a thing had occurred in Italy or Spain, it would have been considered an instance of the most shameless bigotry. There was one other point, and then he would proceed to grapple with the special subject of the amendment. It had been alleged over and over again in the newspapers that the Govern ment had violated their duty as a Constitutional Ministry, by going to the people and telling them their policy. This was absurd. WaB not the same thing done by Mr. Gladstone, when he addressed an immense open air meeting at Cri-fifinwinh ? (Mr TiVanmH ? Thaf, man his nwn constituency.) Perhaps so, but still it was well known that every year the Ministry attended a grand banquet given by the Lord Mayor, and there publicly expounded their policy. There was also the fact that the hon. member for Buckinghamshire (Mr. Disraeli) the Conserva tive leader, had attended an immense meeting at Manchester, in the heart of the manufacturing district. Before proceeding to the question of the appointment made by the Government he would call hon. members attention to the fact, that although charges against them were repeated and reiterated in the newspapers, he could not deal with them unless they were made in the T~r ? xiouse, THK 'BANK OF Til ES.' Besides the newspapers, another method was being adopted of misleading the people of the colony. Somewhere in the city was a bank of lies from whence were daily issued stories that could not be put in the newspapers, but were fab ricated and disseminated for the Bole purpose of damaging the Government. He would state two or three of them by way of showing the shameful means adopted for damaging the Go vernment. Since the meeting of Parliament one of his colleagues had beea informed in Collins street that Mr. Dennis had received the appoint ment of pier-master at Williamstown because he had brought a letter of introduction from the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney to him (Mr. Duffy). This was totally false, as he had never heard Mr. Dennis's name from any person excepting his col leagues. Another person had been informed that Mr. Holmes had been appointed a police magistrate because he waa an Irish Roman Ca tholic. So far from this being the case he had always understood that he was an Orangeman, and yet he had been appointed to 'the only vacancy that had been filled up, and that vacancy was caused by tho death of a Roman Catholic police magiBtrate. A former member of this House had also accused him of having displaced a man named M'Call. The facts of the case were that Sir Jamea M'Culloch had appointed him to a temporary position, and the Audit Commissioners had obiected to continue navincr him the salary of a classified officer. He there fore received a reasonable notice, and he (Mr. Duffy) requested the Regiatrar-General to give him such employments he could. M 'Call's re moval was filled up by the transfer of a clerk who could be dispensed with from the sheriff's office, and no further appointment was made to the sheriff's office. UR. CASHEL HOEY. With regard to the appointment of Mr. Caahel Hoey, if the$ House gave him their at tention he would demonstrate that the amend ment was an unfair one. The theory of the Opposition wa« that Duffy made the post of secretary to tho Agent-General in order to give ' ?t to Hoey. How would this correspond with the facts ? It was generally acknowledged in London that Cashel Hoey was a suitable man for the position, even before the vacancy occurred. It was well known to all hon. members that go vernors* and ambassadors were in the habit of sending privates letters to their respective Go vernments in addition to the official despatches, and they are therefore compelled to bavo a pri vate secretary, and it had also been the custom of Mr. Verdon, while holding the position of Agent-General, to follow the same course and send to the Chief Secretary by each mail a pri vate letter referring to most of tho current topics of tha day. As Mr. Childers was at such a distance form this colouy, it was a matter ox impossibility to got his evidenco on this point in lime to lay before the House, but Mr. Verdon was on this continent, and as he was a man of honor and knew the political exigencies of the case, he (Mr. Duffy) would read a sentence frcra one of bis private letters, as he was sure such a permission would be granted to him if he had the opportunity of asking for it. Before reading this extract, how ever, he would remark that the resignation of Mr. Verdon as Agent-General was known here at the end of November, 1871. On the 29bh of the next month the mail left for England, taking the appointment of Mr. Childers as Agent General. Tf e letter be was now goinej to read an extract from was written by Mr. Verdon in London, in January, 1872. This was what he said after expressing his conviction that Mr, Childers would be able to do the colony the moat service: — 'But he must have a secretary, and has said so much, to me. I have told Mm how fitted Mr. Cashel Hoey is for the post, and if he is authorised to appoint anybody he will appoint him.' Mr. Verdon was well aware that he had recom mended Mr. Cashel Hoey as a suitable member of the board of advice, but when he did so he had no idea that there was aiiy likelihood oi there being any chaBge in the agent generalship, together with the necessary changes in the office, any more than he had of what was to happen that day twelve months. When he wrote the letter authorising the appointment of a secretarjr, he did so because he knew that there were many duties Mr. Verdon had preformed for which Mr. Childers could not find the necessary time owing to his political duties. (Mr. Francis ; Was there no one in the office who could do the work ?) The hon. member had stated that Mr. Yardley should have been ap pointed to the vacancy. This waa not possible as the duties pertaining to the office of secretary could not be performed by a commercial clerk. Mr. Childers would not find time, owing to his parliamentary duties and the small salary allowed to the Agent- General, to do so much of the rou tine work as Mr. Verdon had done. For in stance, in 1S71, the number of letters sent out from the Agent- General's office was over 11,000, and in 1S70 the number was still greater. It was not to be expected chat Mr. Childera would be called upon to sign the whole of these. There was plenty of the work that could be done by a gen tleman of recognised status in society. He would correspond with the Imperial Govern ment, fnreion .Tnvfirnmpnf-.H. jinri nnhlin lTiHt.ihiT tione, transact, the bank business, and see the necessary payments made on behalf of the colony, and other similar work, which could not be done by a mere commercial clerk. He could not consult with engineers and ascertain the re lative merits of the broad and narrow gauge of railways ; could not obtain the necessary infor mation relative to the working of the drawback regulations or of the postal card system ; could not provide military stores and arms, pictures, works of art, or books having colonial interest. Yet these were some of the duties that would be performed by the secretary. To be useful he must be a man of inellect and action, and with, professional and personal influence. He did not wish to speak disparagingly of Mr. Yardley, who was no doubt a most efficient officer, but the position required a gentleman who would be able to meet the highest classes on equal terms. He would reiterate his statement that the ap pointment of Mr. Cashel Hoey to the post of secretary would not cost the colony one penny, as this vear we were eoiue to nav the Agent Gene ral and hia secretary a smaller sum than was lasts year paid for the Agent- General alone. This waB because Mr. Cnildurs's pension would lapse during his tenure of office. The law was tliafe tho Ageut-General and his board of advice should appoint what officers they considered necessary ior carrying- on the work of the de partment, such appointments to be subject to the approval of the Governor-in-Council. The appointment was made be the Agent- General, and now awaited the confirmation of the Gover* nor-iu-Council. Ib had been said why did not Mr. Duffy boldly appoint Mr. Hoey to the position? The answer waa very quickly given. Because he had not the power. The hon. mem ber for East Bourke (Mr. Ramsay) had saM that instead of increasing the Agent-General's staff they should have made reductions in it, owing to the stoppage of emigration to the colony. This had been done, as last year only a vote for six month's salaries hod been taken, and thiB year the item would not appear on the estimates at all. (Hear, hear). It had also been aske 1 why some colonist had not been appointed. He would re mind the House that the appointment waa only for bo long as a saving waB effected by the merg ing of Mr. Childers's pension into the revenue. When Mr. Childers ceased to be Agent-Genera! the appointment of Mr. Hoev wouid lapse. It would have been absurd to ask any gentleman in the colony to accept an appointment that might have been at an end before he arrived in Lon.lon. With regard to the accusation tlat a memb ;r of tf .io Assembly should have been appointed he would call attention to the Oifici.j,4» n Pa lia mout Act, which prevented au Inn. meaner from ([accepting au office until he had been six mouths out of Parliament. The appoiutu O it could not wait as long as that. It had be.-n furoher alleged that Mr. Cashel Hoey waB an Irish rebel. This had arisen out of a disingenu ous statement made by one of the morning papers quoting from a copy of the Nation, pub' lished several years before Mr. Hoey was con* nected with that paper; Well, then I come to another statement, which I am glad to have reached. The hon. member for Williamstown, fairly and frankly and broadly, stated what was only indicated and whispered elsewhere, that Mr. Hoey was an Irish rebel, and ought not to have been ap pointed. Well, sir, I say these charges were made against Mr. Hoey in a gross, shameful and disingenuous manner by the newspaper that made them. I mean 2 he Argus. What did they do ? They quoted an extract from the Nation, saying this is the way Roey wrote about the Queen wben he was editor of the newspaper, a sentence being quoted from the paper which appeared in it several yeara before Mr. Hoey was connected with it. Mr. Hoey became connected with it in August, 1S55, and the extract was from a paper of 1852 or 1853. It was said by the hon. member for Williamstown, TiaH Vif, not p/xcitfid and stimulated the rebellion in Ireland ? Sir, the Nation existed before the attempted insurrection in '48, and for what oc curred before that insurrection Mr. Hoey is no more responsible than the hon. member fcr Williamstown, because he was a boy at school, or a graduate at college. I may be held respon sible, and I never did shirk that responsibility. But as respects Mr. Hoey, 1 never set eyes on him before 1852, when the Nation under altered circumstances had applied itself to what it hoped to accomplish then — the disestablishment of the Irish Church and the security of the tenant-right for the Irish tenants. One day in that year I had the good fortune to secure the co-operation of three young men. All of them were under 20 years of age, and Mr. Hoey was the youngest. The three were contributors to the Nation. Mr. Hoey was one ; Edward Butler, who was Bworn-in last week as Attorney General for the colony of New South Wales, was another ; and the 3rd was Mr. Doyle, who died in the employment of the irieatical journal that was assailing Mr. Hoey. The only thing which has been said truely againBt Mr. Hoey is the charge implied from a speech given by him in the historic town of New Boss. Many towns in Ireland were noted for one siege, but New Boss is famous for two — one by Cromwell and the other in '98. Mr. Hoey, who was now not more than 40 years of age, and who then waB not more than 20, made a speech, and said, as I dareBay he would now in addressing himself to an historic recollection in an historic town — he said in this famous town that he himself had, he thought, there two ancestors who distin guished themselves in the two sieges with which the town was connected. One in the Cromwel lian Biege and the other was hanged in '98. I can tell hon. members that there are few fami lies in Ireland of distinction who have not had a member sacrificed in some contest carried on in that islaad. We irishmen are not ashamed of that. As well might Earl Russell be ashamed that hia ancestor laid his head on the block in the reign of the Stuarts. Mr. Hoey afterwards became a barrister of the English bar. He has lived in London since, and had no connection with Irish politics. Let me say that I have no doubt had he lived in Ireland Ms sympathies would bo naturally with those of the Irish people. I should be ashamed if they were not. I ask the hon. and learned member for Mandurang whether it is any outrage for young Irishmen to sympathise with the stuggles of the Irish. Air. Hoey, at all events, can be absolved from ithe charge of raising rebellion. Now I really wonder how many men in this House have any notion what the J\ation was — what its position was. If I thought proper to put my hands upon books in that library, 1 could find one that came by the last mail indeed, a book by Mr. T.ecky, who is no doubt one of the moat distinguished writers in England, who has succeeded Buckle as the historian of Ration alism, as one of the modern philosophers, that speaks of the Nation in a way that I need not hesitate to say gave me a thrill of satisfaction. The Nation was a journal that existed for upwards of a quarter of a century, and never, except once, was prosecuted for a private libel, and that was for an article from ray pen denouncing a quack advertisement. (Laughter.) The Nation is a journal which has assisted in forcing determinedly upon public attention the national rights of Ireland. That was its mission. It kindled in the young men of Ireland literary aspirations which filled the libraries of not merely Ireland but England with books, and some of the best men ot England refer to them with pleasure and satisfaction. There is not a country in Europe — no, that is saying too much — there is scarcely a country in Europe that has not established, since the Nation, a newspaper called the Nation, in imita tion of it. There are two journals of tho name in France, one in Italy, one in Belgium, one in Germany, and one in the Unitsd States. And, sir, though I have lived 50 years and upwards in tne worm, tnere are nangmg over my cnimney piece at Hawthorne the portraits ot two men, once young men who were associated with me in the f oundiition of the Nation ; because, long as I have lived, I have never met on the face of this earth more gifted, more ?npright, or more distin guished men than Thomas Davis and John Dillon. (Cheers.) One the son of a Welsh military doctor, the other descended from the old Celtic race. Those two men, whom I knew and loved, were patriots, if ever there wore patriots on the face of the earth. They stamped the impress of their character on the l\ation, and for many a long day whoever had a hand in that paper felt it to bo a sacred duty not to disgrace the character and career of those two brave' and ma/i/) wv\ f\\+1 I (ill AAMn \ 'NT n~» n^ u a a I* 1. _ 1 yuuu juioij. ^uucdio,; huw, biuco x nave snown that a determination to appoint a secretary to the Agent- General, and to appoint Mr. Hoey, existed in London, if I wrote a private letter to Mr. Child era recommending him as eminently suitable, may 1 ask what was the objection to that course? (Hear, hear.) He had recommended him to Sir James M'Culloch for the same posi tion, as he had made himself useful to the colony in many respects. He had also re commended him to Mr. Childers. He could not make the appointment himself, and there fore had done what was in hia powef to re commend him for it. And yet he was asked why he did not state that he had recommended Mr. Hoey, and the hon. member for Williams town had said that he had equivocated when he was asked. That was a statement simply with out foundation, for when he «vas asked he answered as directly as he could. The hon. member for Collingwood said that it was only after two questions that it had been drawn out of him. That also was without foundation. He did not volunteer anything ; but he asked was it the practice when an appointment was made by the person empowered by law to make it, for another person to volunteer any state ment ? It was quite time for him to do so when he was asked, and the moment he was asked he stated it. The appointment was made by Mr. Childers, under the board of advice. When he was asked he recommended Mr. Hoey ; but he knew then practically that he would be ap pointed if he never recommended him, and knew that the intention existed to make the appoint ment. In dealing with thia question the hon. member for Collingwood wanted to know — he could not properly express his indignation — why he had not frankly stated that he made the re commendation. Let them compare the hon. member's doctrine with his practice. In con nection with the appointment of Mr. Dennis, did he not sit as dumb aa possible when it waa stated that a number of hon. members had recommended Mr. Dennis ? Did he tell them that he recommended Mr. Dennis, and when he mentioned the subject did he not, to use the hon. member's own words, tell only a part of the truth ? He said that he had signed a general recommendation for Mr. Dennis's appointment; to a ijovernmenc position, xnat was before the document was read. What he did sign was a document setting forth that Mr. Dennis waa 'eminently fitted for the appoint ment he now asks — that of pier-master at Wil liamBtown.' Before the hon. member set him self up to lecture his compeers he should take care that his practice was the same as his doc trine. One more matter, and he was done with this part of the case. When this notice of mo tion waa given he felt it his duty to send to Sir George Verdon in Sydney the following tele gram : — 'The Cashel Hoey appointment is to be resisted in the Assembly on Tuesday. Can you say anything regarding it ?' The reply he got was: — 'Message received. Mr. Childers said he could not act without a secretary. The board approved of Mr. Hoey's appointment, but said he could not remain a member of the board. He is highly qualified for the position.' He had said all he thought necessary on this sub' ject, and he put it to every member of . that House whether they could disapprove of this ap pointment on this motion, when in point of fact it would have been made if he had been still. ****** ]STow, I have done with the appointments. I believe, on my honour, that no Government ever existed in this country which on the whole has administered its patronage in a more unexceptionable manner. It is ridiculous to bring forward such a paltry case as that of Mr. Mooney. But, in regard to this, I may say that I am glad to have an opportunity of serving the son of a man who had lavished his money for the public good. I refer to the late Mr. John Mooney, the squatter. The only remaining point — the Californian mail contract — is one which I feel disposed to leave to the Minister of Lands, having tra versed myself such a vast field. My hon. colleague is quite as well acquainted with that subject as I am. When our postal scheme as a whole comes before the House I believe it will be found to be the most wise and liberal scheme as a whole that lias ever been presented to Parliament. Hon. mem bers ought not to accept one-sided statements upon such a matter without giving Ministers an opportunity of debating it. The question will be debated when the sanction of Parlia ment is asked. At present you have only heard one side of the question, which has beeu stated from interested motives. You n OTTO ?«/'*+? li nnitrl 4- T» rx /\\+T» n~n oirt f\ wtIti /il-i rt-»---»-i1 n-iv* n the whole matter. And now, sir, one word in conclusion upon the position of this Government with respect to the country. This Government came into office by no action of their own, but their acceptance of office has been confirmed by the. almost uni versal assent of the j)eople of this country — over this wide .colony, down to the present day, by warm, generous, and enthusiastic meetings in their behalf. I do not know whether in any former period of our history circumstances have occurred to justify the conclusion that the people accepted and con firmed the policy of a Government more completely than they exist at this moment. The history of this Administration will be found —not printed in voluminous and factious de bates in Hansard — itwill befoundinthe living and flourishing population settled on the lands of this country — (cheers and laughter) — and engaged elsewhere in useful employ ments. I believe the people are eager to s-ee cur policy carried out. There is, of course, always opposition, but tho number of persons who are anxious to see the public lands shut up against settlement, to see another finan cial deficit manufactured, and to see private measures hung up for seven years more, is not great. The people have accepted our measures, and in the name of the people, and on behalf of tho people, it is our determina tion to urge them on, and to maintain and defend them by all legitimate means. It is recorded of Oliver Cromwell that when he saw for the first time the golden bay of Munstor, he said to his soldiers, ' Oh, my friends, this is a country worth, fighting for.' Modifying the language to suit our peaceful times, I say to the people of this country, ' You have got possession of political power, you have got control of the country almost for the first time — (cheers and disapproba tion) — take care that it is not snatched away from you, for oh, my friends, this is a coun try worth fighting for.' (Cheers.) I do not think, and I have never thought, that this Government undertook an easy task. I have not read history, I have not read human na ture, to so little purpose. As far as I know there has been little in the world worth doing or worth remembering that did not make its way into success through a forest of impediments beset with doubt and diffi culty. Those who see the end from afar off, those who press on steadily towards it, and neither turn to the right nor to the left, reach the goal at last, and so with God's help we will. (Cheers.) The debate waa then adjourned until next day, and the House rose at 10 minutes to 11 o'clock. 