SPIRITUALISM PUBLICLY DISCUSSED. I From the Argm*~\ The discussion of spintualismby Mr. David •RlmV 011 the one hand, and Mr.JohnTyerman on the other, was finished last evening, July 29, at the Independent Hall, Russell-street. Some body said at the beginning that the two Com mittees of three were at the close to meet together and foixn a conclusion upon the sub ject. In justice to persons who may think they have a claim upon the time of the Committee men for the next few years, it should be stated that the six gentlemen have no intention of even entering upon the performance of the task. The attendance last evening did not number more than 200 or 3S0. Of spirits of the sort Mr. Tyerman believes in, who might have been wanning, or cooling themselves at the gaslights, or of the ardent spirits that Mr. Blair does not disbelieve in, which, if anywhere, would of course' be concealed in the cellar, we did not take any account. But Mr. James McKean took the chair, and inasmuch as it was an unusually tall chair—one that would have brought even Tom Thumb into prominence—it may be supposed that he from the- outset made a great impres sion upon the. audienee, and commanded no small chare of thdir attention, if not theiradmi ration. Mr. McKean, in explaining that he had been asked to preside, said he liked the position much better than the one he occupied on the first evening, when he was said to have filled up a doorway. -Several persons cheered Mr. Tyer man as he mounted the platform ; Mr. Blair's reception-was evenmore enthusiastic. - Mr. BuCtR began, and undertook in the brief space of two half hours to leave no point in the investigation of spiritualism untouched, nothing unexplained, and nothing unanswered, and to this ample and easily accomplished duty he at once confidently devoted himself. He went back to the speeches of the former evening, and quoted Professor De Morgan in full^ to show -that his opponent had misquoted him, by giving only part, of a sentence. A private letter from Mr, William Howitt, another supporter of spiritism, was read to show that he had parted company with the whole of the English spiritists. _«The reports of the Committees of the London Dialec tical Society, five out of six of which denied the manifestations of spiritual phenomena in . the enquiries they made, were referred to. Mr. Horace Greely had been put forward on behalf of spiritualism. Why, he had challenged the spiritists to supply the. New York. Tribune with English hews of' the day. previouB-to publica tioa,afld for twenty years his offer Of >£500 had been unclaimed. Not one scientific man in . Epgland, ^ not one literary man of any eminence, no man who had any reputation, for intelligence, "believed in .spiritism.or did not scout it as an imposture^ (This brought forth cheers and hisses in profusion.) Tyndall/Huxley, Baraday, Lytton, Crookesj Badcliffe, and a Frenchphilosopher named Arago, who examined one case thoroughly, were ah;hurled at the -believers in spiritualism. They did. not seem to* mind any of these great names much, and? the name of Sir John Herschel, of which Mr. Blair had made extensive use, on former evenings, was not received with respect. Latent eleetneity.in the human body, present to a greater extent in some than in. others, more than accounted for all the table-turning and rapping in the world. Books which Mr. Blair had not only read but reviewed—" Buckle's Civilisation" and .works of that kind—were recommended to all who.did not glory in benighted ignorance and savage fanaticism. To go behind science and common tense and sound reasoning was to go .in the direction , of the Yarra Bend Asylum., "Now for your believers iq spiritism. Mr.., Blair, who, in order to hive out the last few sen tencte with full effect, was obliged to bend forward and jerk a little, now drew himself up to an erect position, adjusted bis spectacles, closed. bis eyes, mid complacently waited until the audience had become Composed and attentive. Home, who had seen the' ghost of a dog and the ghost of a water bottle, in - bis last work, just come out by the mail, testified that ;he had swindled Mrs. Jane Lyon of £30,000. (A storm of "noes.") Airs. Lyon, at any rate, said, "You swindled me of £30,000." (Cheers and hisses.) The book of TiWninft Hardinge, the American prophetess, was the greatest piece of imposture he had ever met with. (This strong language set the whole audience in motion, ana while some were stamping and others hissing, one spectacled listener, who had been tossing about a good deal in his seat, concentrated a whole volume of negatives into one brief series of gesticulations.) Nothing new, nothing beautiful, had been given to us by spiritism. If he (Mr. Blair) had-not convinced them of the absurdity of spiritism let us burn down our public ;Ubraryvoar sghoofo^ milvemltyyTBirHii learning', philosophy, and science, -which we were spending thousands of pounds to scatter abroad for the benefit of the rising and the adult population, be counted as sheer waste; and let us all go into darkened parlours' and listen to the wonderful revelations that, the spirits would not furnish us with. Mr. Tyebmau rose with promptitude, and was greeted with applause. Those who pre ferred declamation to reasoning, unsupported assertions to well authenticated facts, might *>>aidr his friend for. doing something for the cause of spiritualism. Mr. Tyerman wen went back to the Colonial Monthly for the second time, to show that five years ago Mr. Blair was either on the road to spiritualism or was writing something which led people to suppose he meant one thing when he really meant another. He then, in Mr. Blair's own words, asked, "Is it genuine philosophy, or is it .only self-confessed. and arrogant ignorance that .turns away from the consideration of such facts-and phenomena with the supercilious explanation of imposture and delusion?" Spiritualists. contended that there was <no such thing in the manifestations they witnessed as the supernatural—the phe nomena were governed by natural' laws. Then reasons were given to show that .the "gospel of the deadened brain" had been misunderstood. No purely mundane law would account for half the facts of which _ we had un doubted testimony. . They did not- claim to teach new doctrines.so much as to press good doctrines on the attentionr of the world. Five or .ten minutes were employed in show ing that the cardinal doctrines had not been stolen; they were as much common property as the sunlight or the atmosphere. But the question was not whether immortality, the redemption of all men, &c.;, had originated ' with spiritualism, but whether they were true. As for the " contradictions," spirtualism did not claim to be infallible, -(Mr. Blair arched his brows, turned half round towards the speaker, and then looked expressively towards the audience.) A good deal'of Mr, Blair's -own argument had been "prigged." He then chal lenged Mr. Blair to prove, by fair quotations from spiritualistic works, that spiritualists' bad put forth one-half the so- called contradictions quoted the other night; and to help him enumerated only 40 volumes of 400 pages each. If these would not be enough Mr. Blair could have the names of 100 more. (Mr. Blair dis played no wish for more.) One of the works was by Emma Hardlnge, and. had been commended by critics who would put Mr. Blair to the blush any day and everywhere. He (Mr. Tyerman) at the same time undertook to prove far more contradictions in the works on theology or in the works published by any church in Christen dom. (Cheers.) The question was raised before. Mr. Blair opened his second speech, whether, as this was to be the last night of the debate, there should be two more rounds or only one. Half-a-dozen weak voices declared for two rounds; but one emphatic "No" was sufficient to decide the question the other way. Mr. Blair, in a few words, disposed of the Colonial Monthly branch of the discussion. He had simply stated what other people were believing, and challenged investigation. He had by this time investigated the subject—had gone to the bottom of it, and the conclusion was that the physical phenomena were the effects of mechanical causes. The use of the phrase " gospel of the deadened brain," and much that had been already said about it, was again justi fied. Where did. spiritualism begin, how did it begin, and was there anything in it ? It began in credulity, was carried on and fostered by deliberate imposture, and was now sus tained by ignorant and wild fanaticism. It first broke out in a "huddle" in America, amongst a family most appropriately named Fox. How it spread from the Foxes, and was taken up by various classes, for each of whom Mr. Blair had a severe epithet handy, was explained with as much clearness as time and the interruptions which sounded like the escape of steam in puffs from a leaky boiler would permit. Among some who took up the new religion were people who were uneasy in their domestic relations, and grasped at any means that would set them free. (A voice—"Where did you get that?" From " Clarke's Plain Guide to Spiritism. (The voice « y0u did not.' ) 'Cute Yankee printers last of all swamped the market with "Banners of light," and "Spiritual Trumpets," and the works th"t were printed by Andrew Jackson Davis were the greatest rubbish ever printed. A book which had lately appeared here was a piece of indecency and blasphemy from beginning to end. A pamphlet issued by Peebles bad a title so blasphemous that he would not stain his lips - by reading it out. This, of course, excited considerable curiosity amongst the_ audience, and there were loud oils tor the title. Some suggested that if Mr. Blair would not read it out the Chairman might. The Chairman looked at it, and said he should prefer to transfer the duly to Mr. Tyerman. Mr. Blair then gave out the second part of the'title, " Popular Theology and Positive Religion Contrasted," Portion of the audience was far from satisfied with this meagre piece of information, hut Mr. Blair was determined -not to stain his lips. He made a' quotation or two to show that spiritualism, according to Peebles, was opposed to Christianity; showed that some of the new doctrines com municated to " J.S." by the spirits were very old, and concluded with a fervid peroration. Mr. Tyerman contended that Mr. Blair had not advanced a tittle of Evidence to show that the physical phenomena had been produced by mechanical causes. The scientific men Mr. Blair had quoted had never fairly investigated the phenomena; the few scientific men who had investigated them had come to the conclu sion that the phenomena were genuine, and that the spiritual hypothesis as to their origin was the only one that covered the whole of the facts. of the case. William Howitt, so far from having left the spiritists, was the author of the first article in a June magazine which gave Br. Carpenter and his school a slashing castration. It was not correct that five out of six of the Committees of the London Dialectical Society reported against the appearance of spiritual phenomena. Here Mr. Blair's right hand dived into the rec&ses; of his garment, and in another instant a printed document was thrust triumphantly before theChairman, who examined it with some curiosity.. Meantime Mr. " Tyerman, heedless of the pantomime, went on to say that two of the Committees reported that phenomena were produced independently of mechanical agency. Mr. Blair had spoken of latent electricity. Would he ascribe intelligence to a. mere force ? 1 Who was the most credulous now ? (Cheers.) Trustworthy witnesses had borne testimony to the remarkable tilings done by Home. From first to last Mr. Blair had not given one well-authenticated fact, net one tittle of evidence to support the charges which he had hurled at spiritualism with such unblushing audacity. Granted that spiritualism was not a perfect system; the system was no more to be charged with the delinquencies of. some who supported it than Christianity with the immoralities of some of its professors. (The audience seemed to be gettingtired, and hisses were not unfrequent. Amid some interruptions one man near the door said, " Mr. Chairman—Is there any provision for turning oat a gentleman who has swallowed spirits ?" Spiritualism was essentially Christian,-and was hostile only to the dogmas which had been foisted' on Christianity. They honoured, they loved God, they believed' in a .being of un bounded1 benevolence. Mr. Blair would not accept the testimony of witnesses to events of the present day, but would believe that a whale swallowed Jonah on Jonah's simple statement, - and that Philip was transported 30 miles because some one said so to whom the fact was reported. Spiritualism taught that all God's children, however degraded, would be finally restored, and had been the means of rescuing thousands from atheism. Scurrilous scribblers might' try to write spiritualism, down in the newspapers, but time was against them, and ^iritualism would never be destroyed. ... A vote of thanks was given to the two dis putants, on the motion-of; Dr. Bichardson. A vote of thankswas also given to the Chairman, The audienoe then rose to depart: one or two pereonsmoiinted on theformswithtne intention of mying eometlaing, but the Chairman, declared the proceedingsatan end. Nobody wanted to hear any more,, but/the conversation as the people went out was about seances where half crowns were likely to be forthcoming in abund ance, when spirits got .into better practice and a little more used .to the work thatvras,expected of them.;. . v- ■ - , 