A BAPTISMAL DIFFICULTY. ?-'. I From the New York Independent, March, 21st.] one of our Baptist contemporaries is agitated by a " clerical trick" which is said to have been played by a Methodist minister, down in Pen sylvania, upon three ladies who desired to be baptized by immersion. This request the clerical offender readily granted. Taking the candidates one by one down into the water, he immersed them without speaking a word ; but, upon raising them to their foot, he took water in his hand and sprinkled their heads, saying :. " I baptize you in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost." The trick was doubtless a very mean one but it raises a nice piece of ecclesiastical casuistry. The complaint is not that these candidates were not baptized enough, but that they were baptized too much. The slight sprinkling which they received after their submersion served wholly to invalidate the efficacy of the plunge Or perhaps it was the pronunciation of the formula after, rather than before, the major salutation which constitutes the heresy. The question is utterly bewildering. And it is not the greatest of the difficulties with which this subject is environed. Here, for example, is another problem, by which so sound a Baptist theologian as the editor of the Religious Herald, of Richmond, confesses that he is puzzled. A coloured convert and his wife wanted to be baptized together. Both of them being of full stature, the minister was embarrassed about complying with their request therefore he took the goods wife first and went down into the water. On lifting his hands to pronounce the baptismal sentences, he saw the husband had followed him, and that he stood with eyes uplifted listening to the apostolic formula. ' At the moment when the wife was immersed, the husband plunged himself into the water, and, rising, with his. wife, walked singing and shouting to the shore, in the full belief that he had followed Christ into Jordan. Now the question is whether this was or was not valid baptism. The Religious Herald gives it up ; but some more learned, philosopher may, perhaps, be able to answer it. Yet let nobody speak rashly, for the problem is a momentous one, and an incorrect solution might upset the best system of theology in the' world. _^__^__^_^__ 