(To the 'Editor of the Protestant Standard.) Sir, — The twice rejected of Parramatta, Mr. George Oakes, has at last reached his desired haven by the verdict of the East Sydney elec tors. That electorate haB, all through the late elections, shown itBelf thankful for small mercies, but not more so than on Wednesday last, when it. returned as one of its reDresentatives a crentle- man who, at his first meeting, nobly compared himself to a "cholicky old horse." Worthy recommendation for Parliamentary honours, certainly; and if so great a similarity is to exist between men and animals before they can obtain a seat in the Legislature of the country, our future prospects of a wise legislation are certainly very gloomy indeed. While, however, from Mr. Oakes' self-drawn comparison it would show that he is not overburdened with ability or intelligence, yet he has shoiun himself capable of cherishing his venom for years, and, when oppor tunity offers, give vent to his smothered' bitterness both in word and action. He informed a public meeting of electors, on Saturday evening last, that although he had not been in Parliament since its dissolution on Mr. Robertson's Land Bill, yet his absence from the Assembly did not arise from anything he had done, but through a "private pique " which, he says, he and his late colleague had. This now legally honourable gentleman must have felt that he was quite safe from contradictiction when he uttered these words (being among, for the most part, strangers to him), or he would not have ventured the statement. He has never attempted publicly to do so here ; neither, I am sure, would he ever do so, knowing, as he well does, that such was not the case, but that his defeat arose from the fact that the electors here were sick and tired of him. His great desire to give his old, tried, and faithful friend a rap as hard as he could in hi3 little way, was so strong that he was not at all particular about overstepping the bounds of truthfulness. It is well known here that his late colleague, and that gentleman's friends, did all they could to secure the election of Mr. Oakes on the occasion to which he referred ; but it was like clinging, to a drowning man ; the floods were against nim, and he had to go and give place to a better one. His colleague was not defeated at that time, as Mr. Oakes stated. He was elected, although second on the poll, for which reason, after his years of public service, coupled with the defeat of Mr. Oakes, he resigned. But what does Mr. Oakes say about his second defeat here? How does he account for this? Surely there must have been a cause. He never told the electors that on that occasion he was the last of the four candidates, without the ghost of a chance of success. He could not attribute his defeat at that time to the "private pique" of any person, as he must have felt that it was too apparent to be mistaken the second time, if he mistook it at the first, that the majority of the electors of the borough of Parramatta were determined not to have anything more to do with liim. AN ELECTOR. Parramatta, June 13tli, 1872. 