ARCHBISHOP MANNING, , Tb following sketch of the life of the Arch Bishop of Westminster i3 from the pen of a jwingnished Protestant writer— Justin McCarthy. It was published in the Galaxy for anuary, aru| we gjve ft ^o our readers without 'wing a sentence, or scoring out a word. Such ^'lopaphy as this is, coming from a Protestant iTfu ^' no me£ms a very tolerant Protestant — I of hT !nShesb tribute to the spotless character I Ul 'gowned Archbishop :— I i ? ''ames's Hall, London, is primarily a place I °r concerts an d singers, as Exefcer H all is. But, i Je 3 venerable predecessor, St. James's Hall i- as come to be identified with political mectiDgs t. Ona,cmaiu cla8s- 'Exeter Hall, a huge, gaunt, ? «S Sr?ed ami drcary room in the Strand. is re' \ u, ;° for the most part as the arena and plat ?; J o ultra Protestantism. St. James's Hall, ?f: ^ putiml and almost lavishly ornate structure f. l{OmICPJ7^- *8 commonly used by the leading f to n\ Catuolics of London when they desire I dJr lle,a demonstration. There are political i W t? ch wiU use eifcher P1'™6 indifferently ; I tea'atf Hal1 has usually a tinSe of Pi'° I Lau6 exclusiveness about its political ex I preesion, while the ceiling of the other building has rung alike to the thrilling music of John Bright's voice, to the strident vehemence of Mr. Bradlaugh, the humdrum humming of Mr. Odger, and the clear, delicate, tremulous into nations of Stuarb Mill. But I never heard of a Roman Catholic meeting of great importance being held anywhere in London lately except iu St. James's Hall. Let us attend such a meeting there. The hall is a huge oblong, with galleries around three of the sides, and a platform bearing a splendid or gan on the fourth. The room is brilliantly lighted, and the mode of lighting is peculiar and. picturesque. The platform, the galleries, the body of the hall alike are crowded. This is a meeting held to make a demonstration in favour of some Roman Catholic demand — say for separate education. On the platform are the great Catholic peers, most of them men of line age stretching back to years when Catholicism was yet unsuspicious of any pos?ible rivalry in England. There are the Norfolks, the Den bighs, the Dormers, the Petres, the Staffords ; there are such later accessions to Catholicism as the Marquis of Bute, whose change created such a sensation, and Lord Robert Montaga, who ' went over' only last year. There are some recent accessions of the peerage also — Lord Acton, for instance, head of a distinguished and ancient family, but only lately called to the Upper House, and who, when Sir John Acton, won honourable fame as a writer and scholar. Lord Acton, not many years ago, started the Home and Foreign Rcvieio, a quarterly periodical which endeavored to reconcile Catholicism with liberal ism and science. The universal opinion of Eng land and of Europe declared the Some and Foreign Revieio to be unsurpassed for ability, scholarship, and political information by any publication in the world. It leaped at one bound to a level with the Edinburgh, the Quarterly, and the Revcue des Deux Mondcs. But the Pope thought the Review too liberal, and inti mated that it ought to be suppressed ; and Lord Acton meekly bo kVed his head and suppressed it in all the bloom of its growing fame. Some Irish members ot Parliament are on the platform — men of station and wealth like Monsell, men of energy and brains like John Francis Maguire ; perhaps, too, the hondsome, brilliant-minded O'Donoghue, with his picturesque pedigree and his broken fortunes. But in general there is not a very cordial rapprochement between the English Catholic peers and the Irish Catholic members. Of all slow, cold, stately Conservatives in the world, the Blowest, coldest, and stateliest is the English Catholic peer. Only the common bond of religion, brings these two sets of men together now and then. They meet but do not blend. In the body of the hall are the middle class Ca tholics of London, the shopkeepers and clerks, mostly Irish or of Irish parentage. In the gal leries are swarming the genuine Irishmen of London, the Paddies who are always threaten ing to interrupt the Garibaldian gatherings in the parks, and who throw up their hats at the prospect of any ' row' on behalf of the Pope. The chair is taken by some duke or earl, who is listened to respectfully, but without any spe cial fervomr of admiration. The English Catho lics are undemonstrative in any case, and Irish Paddy does not care much about a chilly English peer. But a speaker is presently introduced \ who has only to make his appearance in front of I the platform in order to awaken one universal | burst of applause. Paddy and the Duke of Norfolk vie with each other ; the steady English shop'ceeper from Islington is as demonstrative as any O'Donoghue or Maguire. The meeting is wide awake and informed by one spirit and soul at last. The man who has aroused all this emotion shrinks back almost as if he were afraid of it, although it is surely not new to him. He is a tall, thin personage, some sixty-two years of age. His face is bloodless — pale as a ghost, one might say. He is so thin as to look almost cadaverous. The outlines of the face are hand some and dignified. There is much of courtly grace and rehnement about the bearing and gestures of this pale, weak, and wasted man. He wears a long robe of violet silk, with some kind of dark cape or colUr, and has a massive gold chain round his neck, holding attached to it a great gold cross. There is a certain nervous quivering about his eyes and lips, but other wise he is perfectly collected and master of the occasion. His voice is thin, bub wonderfully clear and penetrating. It is heard all through this great hall— a moment ago so noisy, now so silent. The words fall with a slow, quiet force, like drops of water. Whatever your opinion may be, you cannot choae but listen ; and, indeed, you want only to listen and see. For this is the foremost man in the Catholic Church of England. This is the Cardinal Grandison of Disraeli's ' Lofchair' — Dr. Henry Edward Manning, Roman Catholic Archbishop of West minster, successor in that office of the late Cardinal Wiseman. It is no wonder that the Irishmen at the meet ing are enthusiastic about Archbishop Manning. An Englishman of Englishmen, with no drop of Irish blood in his veins, he is more Hibernian than the Hibernians themselves in his sympathies with Ireland. A man of social position, of old family, of the highest education and the most re6ned instincts, he would leave the Catholic noblemen at any time to go down to his Irish teetotallers at the Easb end of London. He firmly believes that the salvation of England is yet to be accomplished through tbe influence of that religious devotion which is at the bottom nf M»r Trish nn.t-.nrf- and which some of us call supersttion. He loves his own country dearly, but turns away from her present condition of industrial prosperity to the days before the Re formation,' when yet saints trod the English soil. ' In England there has been no saint since the reformation, he said the other day, in sad, sweet tones, to one of wholly different opinions, who listened with a mingling of amazement and i reverence. No views that I have ever heard put into living words embodied to anything like the same extent; the full clauns and preteusious of Ultramontanism. It is quite wonderful to sit and listen. One cannot but be impressed by the sweetness, the thoughtfulness, the dignity, I had almost said the sanctity of the man who thus pours forth, with a manner full of the most tranquil conviction, opinions which proclaim all modern progress a failure, and glorify the Roman priest or the Irish peasant as the true herald and repository of light, liberty, and regeneration to a sinking and degraded world. Years ago, Henry Edward Manning was one of the brilliant lights of the English Protestant Church. Just twenty years back he was appointed to the high place of Archdeacon of Chiehester; having also, according to the manner in which the English State Church rewards its dignitaries, moro than one other ecclesiastical appointment at the same time. Dr. Manning had distin guished himself highly during his career at the University of Oxford. His father was a member of the House of Commons, and Manning on starting into life had many friends and very bright prospects. Nothing would have been easier, nothing seemingly would bave been more natural than for him to tread the way ro plainly opened before him, and to raise to higher and higher dignity, until at last perhaps the princely renown of a bishopric and a seat in the House of Lords would have been his reward. But Dr. Manning's career was cast in a time of stress and trial for the English State Church. I have described briefly in a former article the origin, growth and effects of that remarkable movement which* beginning within the Church, itself and seeking to establish loftier claims for her than she had long put for ward, ended by convulsing her in a manner more troublous than any religious crisis which had occurred since the Reformation. Dr. Man ning's is evidently a nature which 'mast have been specially allured by what I may be allowed to call the supernatural claims put forward on behalf .of the Church of England. He was, of course, correspondingly disappointed by what he considered the failure of those claims. As Cole ridge says that every man is born an Aristotelian or a Platonist, so it may peihaps be said that every man is born with a predisposition to lean either in natural or supernatural laws in the direct guidance of life. 1 am not now raising any religious question whatever. What I say may be said of members of the same sect or Church — of any sect, of any Church. One man as faithful and devout a believer as any, is yet content to go through his daily duties and fulfil his career trusting to hi3 religious principles, his insight, and his reason, without requiring at every moment the light of spiritual or super natural guidance. Another must always have his world in direct communion with the spiritual, or it is no world of faith to him. Now it is im possible to look in Dr. Manning's face without seeing that his is one of those sensitive, spiritual, 1 had almost said morbid natures, which can find no endurable existence without a close and constant communion with tbe supernatural. Keble, Newman, Time and the Hour, called out for the assertion of the claim that tbe Church of England was the true heir of the Apostolical succession. Such a nature as Manning's must have delightedly welcomed the claim. But the mere investigation sent, as I have already ex ? plained, one Newman to Catholicism and the i other to Rationalism. Dr. Manning, too, felt compelled to ask himself whether the Church could make good its claim, and whether, if it could not, he had any longer a place within its : walls. The change does not appear to have come so rapidly to fulfilment with him as with John Henry Newman. Dr. Manning seems to me to have a less aggressive temperament than his dis tinguished predecessor in succession. There is more about him of the quietist, of the ecstatic, so far as religious thought is concerned, while it is possible that he may be a more practical aud influential guide in the mere policy of the chureh to which he belongs. There is an amount of scorn in Newman's nature which sometimes reminds one of Pascal, and which I have not observed in Dr. Manning or in his writings. I cannot imagine Dr. Manning, for example, pelt ing Charles Kingsley with sarcasms, and over whelming him with contempt, as Dr. Newman evidently delighted to do in the famous contro versy which was provoked by the apostle of Muscular Christianity. I suppose, therefore, that Dr. Manning clung for a long time to the faith in which he was bred. But his whole nature is evidently cast in the mould which makes Roman Catholic devotees. He is a man of the type whichj perhaps found in Fenelon its most illustrious ex ample. I think it not too much to say that to him that light of private judgment which some of us regard as man's grandest and most peculiarly divine attribute, must always have presented itself as something abhorrent to his nature. I am judging, of course, as an outsider, and as one little acquainted with theological I subjects ; but my impression of the two men ' would be that Dr. Newman joined the Roman j Catholic Church in obedience to some coinpul ! sion of reason, acting in what must seem to most of us an inscrutable manner, and that Dr. Man ning never would have been a Protestant ab all if he had not believed that the Protestant Chur-H was truly all which its rival claims to be. Dr. Manning in fact did not leave the Church. The Church left him. He had misunderstood it. It became revealed at last as it really is, a Church founded on the right of private judg ment, and Manning was appalled and turned away from it. Somebhiug that may almost lie called accident brought home to his mind the true character of the Church to which he belonged. Many readers of ' The Galaxy' may have some recollection of., the once celebrated Gorham case in England— a case which I shall not describe any further than by saying that it raised the question whether the Church of England can prescribe the religion of the State. Had the Church the righb to decide whether certain doctrine^ taught by one of its clergy was here tical, and to condeinu it u bo uci^a,...,. : la England Church and State are so bound up together that it ia practically the State and not the Cnurch which decides whether this or that teaching is heresy or true religion. A lord chancellor who may be an infidel, and two or three 'law lords' who may be anything or nothing, settle the questioa in the end. We all remember the epigram about Lord Chancellor Westbury, the least godly of men, having 'dismissed Hell with costs,' and taken away from the English Protestant ''his last hope of damnation.' The Gorham case, twenty years ago, showed that the Church, as an ecclesiastical body, had no power t - condemn heresy. This, to men like Stuart Mill, appears on the whole a satisfactory condition of things so long as there is a State Church, for the plain reason which he gives — namely, that tbe State in England is now far more liberal than the Church. Bub to Dr. Manning tbo idea of the Church thus abdicating its function of inter preting and declaring doctrine was equivalent to the renunciation oJ its right to existence. He strove hard to bring about an organised and solemn declaration and protest from the Church. — a declaration of doctrine, a protest againsfe secular control. He became the leader of an effort in this direc tion. The effort met with little support. The then_ Bishop of London did indeed introduce a bill into the House of Lords for the ptirposeof enacting that in matters of doctrine, as distinct from questions of mere law, the final decision should rest with the prelates. De Manning sat in the gallery of the House of Lords on.. that memorable nighb. The Bishop of 'London wholly failed. The House of Lords scouted the idea of liberal England tolerating a sorb of ecclesiasbical inquisition. Ever}'one admitted the aiionjalougf condition in which things tlieii were placed ; hut few indeed would think of'cuactinij the dogma of infallibility in favor of the1 Bishops of the ? Chivrch. Lord Brougham spoke against the bill , with what Dr. Manning himself admits to be plain English common sense. He said the House of Lords, through its law peers, could de cide questions of mere ecclesiastic?.! law, and the- decisions would carry weight and au thority ; but neither peers nor bishops cou'd in England decide a question of doctiine. Suppose, he asked, the bishops were da-iied equally on suca a question, where would the decision be then ? Suppose there was a very small majority who would accept such, a decision ? Or even suppose there was a large majority, but that tbe minority compiised the few men of greatest knowledge, ability, and authority, what value would attach to the judgment of such a majoiity? The bill was a. hopeless failure. Dr. Manning has himself described with equal caudoar and clearness the effect which the debate had upon him. He mentally supplemented^Lord Brougham's ques tions by one other. ' Suppose that all the bishops of the Church of England shoull decide unanimously on any doctrine, wouLl aay one re ceive the decision as infallible ? He was com pelled to answer — 'No one.' The Church o£ England had no preben3ioii to bs the infallible spiritual guide of men. Were she to raise any such pretension, it would be rejected with con tempt by the common mind of the nation. Hear, then, how this conviction affecbed the man who, up to tbat time, had had no thought but for the interests. and duties of the English Church. 'To those,' he has hiaa self told us, ' who believed that God has established upon the earth a' divine and therefore an unerring guardian and teacher of His faith, this event de inonstrabed that the Church, of England could not be that guardian aud teacher. While Dr. Manning was still uncertain whi ther to turn, the celebrated ' Papal a-grfssion'' took place. Cardinal Wiseman was sent to Eng land by the -Pope, with the title of Archbishop of Westminster. All England r»gad. Earl Russell wrote his famous ' Durham Letter.' The Lord Chancellor Campbell, at a public din ner in the city of London, called up a storm of enthusiasm by quoting the line from Shakes peare, which declares that ' Under our feet we'll stamp the cardinal's hat.' Protestant zealots in Stockport belaboured the Roman Catholics and sacked their houses ; Irish labourers in Birkeuhead retorted upon the Pro testants. The Government brought in the Ec clesiastical Titles Bill— a measure making it penal for any Catholic prelate to call himself: Archbishop or Bishop of auy place in England. Let him be 'Archbishop iViseman,' or 'Car- dinal Wiseman, Archbishop of Mesopotamia,' as long as be liked — but not Archbishop of West minster or Tuatn. The bill was powerfully, splendidly opposed by Gladstone, Bright and Cobden, on the bro id grouud that it invaded the precincts of religious liberty ; bub ib was carried and made law. There ib remained. There never was the slightest abtempt made to enforce ib. The Catholic prelates held to the titles the Pope had given them ; aud no Euglish. court, judge, magistrate, or policeman ever oftered to prevent or punish them. So ludicrous, so barren a pro ceeding as the carrying; of that measure has nofc been known in the England of our time. Cardinal Wiseman was au able and discreet man. He was calm, plausible, powerful. He was very earnest iu the cause of his Church, but he seemed much more like a rcan of the world than Newman or Dr. Manning. There was lit tie of the loftily spriritual in his manner or ap pearance. His bulky person and swolleu face suggested at the u'rst ghnca a sorb of Abbob B jni face ; he was, I helio^e, in reality an asesbic. The corpulence, which seemed the result of aooi living, was only the effect of ill health. He had a persuasive and au iraposiut; way. His ability was singularly flexible His eloquence was often too gorgeous and ornamental (or a nure taste, but when the occasion needed he could ad dress an audience in language of the simplest and most practical common sense. The same adapta bility, if I may use such a word, was evidenb in all he did. He would talk witb a cabinet minis ter on terms of calm equality, as if his rank must be self-evident, and he delighted to set a band of pO6TWi&6#'bhiiare'u-'playjnii around him. He was a cosmopolitan— English and Irish by ex traction, Spanish by birth, Roman by education. When he spoke English he was exactly like what a portly dignified British bishop ought to be— a John Bull in every respect. When he spoke Italian at Rome he fell instinctively and at once into all the peculiarities of intonation and ges ture which distinguish the people of: Ti..I— . £_„?« nil nfh£»- rnnpa When hfl conversed in Spanish he subsided into the grave, 3omewhat saturnine dignity and repose of the trne Castilian. All this, I presume, was but the natural effect of that flexibility of tempera ment I have attempted to describe. I had but slight personal acquaintance with Cardinal Wiseman, and I paint him only as he impressed me, a casual observer. I am satisfied that he ?was a profoundly earnest and single-minded man ; the testimony of many whom 1 know and who knew him well compels me to that convic tion. But «-uch waa not the impression he would have left on a mere acquaintance. He seemed rather one who could, for a purpose which he believed great, be all things to all men. He impressed me quite differently from the manner in which I have been impressed by John Henry Newman arid by Archbishop Manning. He reminded one of some great, capable, worldly wise astute Priuce of the Church of other genera tions, politician rather than priest, more ready to sustain and skilled to defend the temporal power of the Papacy than to illustrate its highest spiritual influence. The events which brought Caidinal Wiseman to England had naturally a powerful effect upon the mind of Dr. Manning. It waa the renewed claim of the Roman Church to enfold England in its spiritual jurisdiction. For Dr. Manning who had jusb seen what he regarded as the ▼oluntary abdication of the English Church, the claim would in any case have probably been decisive. It 'stepped between him and his fighting soul.' But the personal influence of Cardinal Wiseman had likewise an immense weight and force. Dr. Manning, ever since that time, entertained a feeling ot the pro foundest devotion and reverence for Cardinal Wiseman. The change was consummated in 1851, and one of the first practical comments upon the value of the Ecclesiastical Titles Act waa in the announcement that a scholar and divine of whom the Protestant Church had long been especially proud had resigned his pre ferments, his dignities, and his prospects, and passed over to the Church of Rome. I cannot better illustrate the effect produced on the public mind than by saying that even the secession of John Henry Newman hardly made a deeper impressioD. Dr. Manning, of course, rose to high rank in the Church of his adoption. He became Roman of the Romans — Ultramontane of the Ultramon tanes. On the death of his friend and leader, Cardinal Wiseman, whose funeral sermon he preached, Henry Manning became Archbishop of Westminster. Except for his frequent jour ney's to Rome, he has always since his appoint ment lived in London. Although a good deal of an ascetic, as his emaciated face and figure would testify, tie is nothing of a hermit. He mingles to a certain extent in society, he takes part in many public movements, and he has, doubtless, given Mr. Disraeli ample opportunity of studying his manner and bearing. I don't believe Mr. Disraeli capable of understanding the profound devotion and single-minded sin cerity of the man. A more singular, striking, marvellous figure does not stand out, I think, in our English society. Everything that an ordinary Englishman or American would regard 33 admirable and auspicious in the progress of our civilization, Dr. Manning calmly looks upon as lamentable and evil-omened. What we call progress ia to his mind decay. What we call light is to him darknesa. What we reverence as individual liberty he deplores aa spiritual slavery. The mere fact that a man j^ives rea sons for his faith seems shocking to this stran gely gifted apostle of unconditional belief. Though you wore to accept on bended knees ninety-nine of the decreea of Rome, you would still be in his mind a heretic if you paused to consider aa to the acceptance of the hundredth dogma. All the peculiarly modern changes in the legislation of England, the ad mission of JewB to Parliament, the introduction of the principle of divorce, the practical recog nition of the English divine's right of private judgment, are painful and odious to him. 1 have never heard from any other source any thing so clear, complete, and astonishing aa his cordial acceptance of the uttermost claims of Rome ; the prostration of all reason and judg ment before the supposed supernatural attri butes of the Papal throne. In one of the finest passages of his own writings he says : ' My love for England begins with the England of St. Bede. Saxon England, with all its tumults, seems to me saintly and beautiful. Norman England I have always loved less, because, although majestic, it became continu ally less Catholic, until the evil spirit of the world broko off the light yoke of faith at the so-called Reformation. Still I loved the Chris tian England which survived, and all the linger ing outlines 6t diocese and parishes, cathedrals and churches, with the names of Saints upon them. It ia this vision of the past which still hovara ovev England, and makes it beautiful and full of tho memories of the kingdom of God Nay, I loved the parish church of my childhood and the college chapel of my youth, and the little church under a green hillside where the morning and evening prayers and the music of the English Bible for seventeen years became a par* of my soul. Nothing ia more beautiful in tho natural order, and if there warn nn «fm.«oi -world, 1 could have made it my home.' To Dr. Manning tho time when saints walked tike earth of England ia more of a reality than the day before yeaterday to most of us. Where the ordinary eye sees only a poor, ignorant Irish peasant^ Dr. Manning discerns a heaven-com missioned bearer of light and truth, destined by the power of hia unquestioning faith to redeem, perhaps, in the end, even English philosophers and statesmen. — When it was said in the praise of the murdered Archbishop of Paris that he was disposed to regret the introduction of the dogma of infallibility, Archbishop Manning came eagerly to the rescue of hia friend's memory, and as one would vindicate a person unjnstly accused of crime, he vindicated the dead Arch bishop from the stigma of having for a moment dared to have an opiaion of his own on such a subject. Of course, if Dr. Manning were an ordinary theological devotee or f anatie there would be no thing remarkable in all this. But he is a man of the wides1; culture, of high intellectual gifts, of keen and penetrating judgment in all ordinary affaire, remarkable for his close and logical argu ment, his persuasive reasoning, and for a genial, quiet kind of humour which seems especially calculated to dissolve sophistry by its action. He is an English gentleman, a man of the world ; he was educated at Oxford with Arthur Penden nia and young Lord Maguus Charters ; he lives at York Place in the London of to-day ; he drives down to the House of Commons, and faTlra nniitioa in fViA liVhhv wit.h CJ-ladRtone and Lowe ; lie meets Disraeli at dinner parties, and is on friendly terms, 1 dare say, with Huxley and Herbert Spencer ; he reads the newspapers, and I make no doubt is now well acquainted with the history of the agitation against Tarn many and Bobs Tweed. I think such a man is a marvellous phenomenon in our age. It is as if one of the mediaeval saints from the stained windows of a church should suddenly become infused with life and take a part in all the ways of our present world. I can understand the long-abiding power of the Catholic Church when I remember that I have heard, and seen, and talked with Henry Edward Manning. Dr. Manning is not, I fancy, very much of a political reformer. His inclinations would probably be rather conservative than otherwise. He is drawn toward Gladstone and the Liberal party leas by distinct political affinity, of which there is but little, than by his hope and belief through Gladstone something will be done for that Ireland which to this Oxford scholar is still the 'Ireland of the Saints.' The Catholic members of Parliament, whether English or Irish, consult Archbishop Manning constantly upon all questions connected with education or religion. His parlour in York Place — »ot far from where Mrae. Tussaud'a wax work exhibi tion attracts the country visitor — is the frequent scene of conferences which havo their influence upon the action of the House of Commons. He is a devoted upholder of the doctrine of total abstinence from intoxicating drinks ; and he is the only Englishman of real influence and ability, except Francis Newman, who is in faror of pro hibitory legislation. He is tho medium o* com munication between Rome and England ; the living link of connection between the English Catholic peer and the Irish Catholic brick layer. The position which he occupies ia at all events quite distinctive. There is nobody else in England who could set up the faintest claim to any such place. It would bo superfluous to remark that I do not expect the readers of The Galaxy to have any sympathy with the opinions,, theological or political, of such a man. But the man himself is worthy of profound interest, of study, and even of admira tion. Ha is the spirit, the soul, the ideal of mediaeval faith, embodied in the form of a living English scholar and gentleman. He represents and illustrates a movement the most remarkable, possibly the most portentous, which has disturbed England and the English Church since the time of Wyckliffe. No one can have real knowledge of the influence at work in English life to- day, no one ean understand the history of the past twenty years, or even pretend to conjecture as to the possibilities of the future, who has not paid some attention to the movement which has Dr. Manning for one of its most distinguished leaders, and to the position and character of Manning himself. 