PORT CORPORATION. FRIDAY, MAY 31. Present—The Mayor (Mr. Formby), and Councillors Hains, McDonald, LeMessurier, Shorney, Rann, Cleave, Haddy, and Little, On the motion of Councillor McDonald, the Sur- veyor's estimate of the cost of nfc-ng St Vin cent-street from Commeroial-ioad tothe level of tte Port Creek Bridge'waa laid on tiie table. It appeared from the estimate that the oost to raise the roadway two feet, and the footpaths one foot, would be £554 lis., and to nice to the level of tte peg at the corner of the White Hone Cellars, it would be £705165. fid. The Public Works Committee recommended tte road be raised two feet, aocording to tte esti mate, whioh course waa resolved upon, on the proposition of -flr-wwiHor McDo_dd, —econdtd [ by Councillor Shorney—tte work to be com \- menced as soon aa material could be supplied by the Marine Board, aud tte subject of metal ling to be au after consideration. The ; wharfinger of tte South Australian Company 1 wrote, that having commenced to fill up at the 1 head of tte basin, it would be necessary to pro, I vide for drainage of tte roadway from tte 1 present outlet near Pulsford'a, put tte Sailor.' 1 Home. The Surveyor estimated that a.tone 1 drain, 86 yarda long, the distance betweei ) tte present outlet and tte proposed roadway, 1 could be constructed for £45. The Snrveyol . was instructed to arrange witt the present con ■ tractors (for mason work) as to a price, and L submit same for approval of the Publio Worki i Committee. The motion standing in Council, > lor Little's name to take into oon-dderatioi 1 tte desirability of enlarging tte Town Hall, and 1 the best means of raising money for the pur l pose, was discussed, and o-u-ried; and a Sub > Committee, consisting of the Mayor, Conncillon I little, Shorney, and Cleave, and 'the Town t Clerk, waa appointed to report to a aperia! \- meeting of tte Council. Councillor little gav< 1 notice that he would move that a aoale ol ■ charge* for tbe use of the Town Hall be fixed, . and exhibited on a board at tte Town H_U ■ door, and that ao abatement be made from suet I rateaunderanymretimstanceswhatever. Officer, i report, received, and routine buunasa accounts, t Paned for payment, £LU2h lid. be THE BEY. CHARLES GLARK'i Id LECTURE ON "OLIVER GOLD \--=- SMITH." ye _____ * As was eipected, the Town Hall wa. wel T filled on Monday night, when the Bey. Charle *V Clark, of Melbourne, lectured upon "Olive ~* Goldsmith,*' in aid of the funds of the Nort] r? Adelaide Baptist Church. The fame of tin l. rev. gentlen—a'a lecture had preceded him, act among tte audience the realization full] ~" justified the expectation which had been beset ™ upon tte rumored excellence of Mr. Olark'i 1 biographical and critical address. The chair was taken by His Wonhip thi ~ Mayor (Mr. Battels), who, in a few well- ohosei ?' remarks, introduced the lecturer. ™ The Bey. Oh-bles C-abk, to whom a verj . warm reception was given, aaid there were feu '" names in Engliih literature more famfliarlj Jf known than that of Oliver Goldsmith. Amonj ' the poets of his own time the amiable Cowpe: h alone could compare with him, and yet Cowpei scarcely pleased so large a circle of promiscuotu ' readers. Goldsmith's prose and poetical |>* writings, whilst they ranked the highest bade ™ fair also to be tte most enduring. Wherevei , he was known he was beloved, and althoogb there were many we—lnie—-e. and follies in hu r' character, they were bnt blemishes on tte sur -2 face, for the heart seemed to be sound; and such was the power and bright genius, and such * the simple, honest kindly nature of the man, * that whilst in the contemplation of hi. infirmi. *! ties our compassions were kindled, our pity '' was never -mingled with oontempt Oliver " Goldsmith*, fatter was, he said, the Dr. Prim ? rose in tte" Vicar of Wakefield." His father a was tte Bey. Charles Goldsmith, and Oliver 0 was bom at Pallas on tte 10th November. 1728, L * tte fourth child and second son of hi. fatter. c In 1730, tte family removed to Liihoy, tte "Sweet Auburn-* of the '-Deserted Village," t At tte aje of three years Oliver's education t began at Mn. Blizibeth Delap's day school. ■- When six year, old he same under the influence J of a pedagogue, one Paddy Byrne, an old t aoldier in Queen Anne', wan, who professed B only to teach the " three rV* but who was 1 rich in legendary lore of ghosts and fairy folk r generally. This pedagogue was tbe schoolmaster 1 of the "Deserted Village." In his ninth year he was removed from that little academy, and went J in sucosssion to various grammar schools. 1 After a passing reference to his childhood, 3 which he aaid waa .not. a happy ohild t hood, be related bow in June, 1745, > Oliver obtained a .izarship at Trinity ■ OoUege, Dublin; how the severe and harsh I Mr. Wylie, his tutor, warped Oliver*, mind, > and led him to engage in a street riot, whioh i brought him into disgrace ; and how subse- E quentiy he so humiliated him thit Oliver left > college aud fled to Cork, intending to go to 1 America, but he spent all his money before t starting, and returned to his mother penniless. I At this time he wrote street ballads for ss. I a-piece, and a reconciliation having taken place ■ between Oliver and tte tutor Wylie, Goldsmith ■ re-entered college. In 174% when about 20 ; yoars of age, he took his B.A. degree, and that . being about all he oould expect from college, he •. hastened his departure from a scene in which he had given but scant revelation of those 1 powen which afterwards made bim famous. 1 Then came the important question in tbe _ family circle—"What shall we do with him?"' and being a confirme4 "ne'er-do-weel," tte . Ohuroh waa thought of for him—(laughter)— but Oliver shrunk from thi.—not only from a conviction of hi. personal unfitnen for tte . office, but alao from bia desire for travel, and 1 hia great objection to personal reitraint How ever, he went up for holy orders, but hepre- L wnted hims&U; to tte Bishop in acariet breeches, ; for wbich he waa requested to leave the palace * with all convenient speed. (Laughter.) Then l he took a tutorship in a private family, leaving 1 which be lounged at home, and then made . another start for America. On reaching Cork I he prepaid hia passage for New York, but tte -resael was delayed by contrary winds, and when tte aailed GoM—nitt waa on a pleasure . excursion in tte country. Tbe lecturer here read Oliver*. letter to his mother, relating his . adventure, at Cork witt his hone Fiddlebaek. He commenced the study of the law, but in this ; he made an egregious failure. The-, fitted out , by hi. generous uncle, he proceeded to Edin ; burgh to study for medicine, and in 1754 he proceeded to Leyden to continue hi. atudiea. Here he was put to oomical shift, to gain a 1 living, and here, when hi. ouroumatuioes w«re . at tteir lowest, he thought it waa a proper season to undertake hi. grand tour through > Europe on foot, and the "Philosophic Vaga > bond*' in tte "Vicar of Wakefield," related some of his attempts to obtain the. mean, of ; 'living. After a sojourn inPranoe he travelled through Switzerland into Italy, winning his way , by his flute playing, whioh stood him in good need, except in Italy, where laying aside his flute, he gained a precarious living by the competitive disputations at tte Universities. After two yean' tnveUing in thi. fashion he landed in England in 1756, and became an apothecary's aasUtant Then he became an utter ma attool, and then he again set up as a medical praeti . turner, tte reading of printers' proof, alternating with hia medical pursuits. At this time he was miserably poor, and he often trod the weary London streets houseless and hungry; but even then he bad a heart to sympathise with roU f ortune other than hi. own. The lecturer then psi.il -on to apeak of Goldnnitt'a literary drudgery in tte servioe of Mr. Griffiths, when he had to ait writing in a dismal garret from 9 to 2, snubbed by tte publisher, and '-"■gg*"■*■ at . try bis old wife. His writings, however, began now to attract attention, andmenef mark inhis own profession began to receive him into their ranks. In 1761 Samuel Johnson provided him with decent lodgings, where he wrote that ad mirable eerie, of letters which were afterwards called " Letters from a Citizen of the World." Johnsop'sacgnaintartce ripened into an honorable friendship, and very speedily Sir Joshua Bey , nolds disoovered Goldsmith', faculties —1 a poet 1 Goldsmith waa one of tte first memben of the Literary Olub. The lecturer then related the story of Goldimutt's arrest by hia landlady for , rent aad Johnson's friendly intervention, {'when Oliver produced a manuscript, whioh Johnson immediately sold to the publisher (Newberry) for £60, and rescued the author ■ from tte --sympathising landlady. That l manuscript waa tte "Vicar of Wakefield"-—a simple natural story, and artless pictures of, life, which would be preserved aa long aa the language ih which it waa written lasted. , (Cheers.) Having quoted tte tributes which Soott and Goethe pud to thi. novel, ho read with charming grace the first chapter of the "Vicar of Wakefield," whioh waa loudly ap plauded. Newberry kept the manuscript for two yean before he printed it but when pub [ lished it established Goldsmith'.fameas a prose ' writer. About the aame time, Christmas 1764, ; be published "The Traveller," which imme diately raised bim to the rank of a legitimate Knglish -lassie. He also determined to try 1 his hand at dramatic writing, and in 1768 "The Good-Natured Man" was published, ' for which he reoeived £500—whioh sum he 1 disbursed in improvident expenditure and in gratifying his taste for gorgeous apparel. In 1770 hi. "Deserted Village" was published, ' which for diotien and versificationuequalifnot , superior to "The Traveller." Three yean , after another play, " She Stoops to Conquer," 1 was brought out with great success at Covent Garden. The curtain, aaid the lecturer, fell upon a tremendous triumph, and a century of { experience has confirmed that triumph. Gold- L smith industriously compiled Historic. of 1 Borne, England, and Greece, and a History of the Earth, and Animated Nature, for whioh, in all, he received 1,900 guineas. They were but compilations and abridgment, of ■ dry and bulky volumes, but they were ao trans lated into Goldsmith's free, pure, natural English, that ttey were very entertaining * -reading. What he did with his money, unless 1 we allowed the accusations of gambling to be ■ true, must ever remain a mystery. Always re ceiving oatt for work projected but never com -1 menced, thing, began to get worse and worse, l. and his health gave way. On 25th March. ■ f 1774, he was prostrated by a violent attack of an internal disease, and in addition to his bodily illness, his mind was hsnuiimd. and ou 4th April, 1774, he died, as Jthnson said—" Of a fever, exasperated, as I believe, by the force of distress. He had raised money and squandered it by every purpose of acquisition and every 1 folly of expense; but let not bia follies be re , membered, for he was a very great man." l After a touching reference to the death of . the poet—unfriended and alone —he con . elude- 'thus—" Let me say as a-parting sen -1 1 tence, espe- aally to the young men and . ' women of this assembly, while you may > I never hope to possess Oliver Goldsmith's bril -1 limit genius, or emulate in any fashion his b wide-spread fame, yet you may cultivate all b those kindly purposes which made him univer- B sally!beloved. While clearly perceiving his b '. follies and weaknesses, extenuating nothing, ;. nor setting down aught in malice, you may 9 avoid them, and, by a wise and intelligent 1 culture of the powen God baa given you, pro . teot yourselves against the presence of the in -1 numerable evils which shadowed the pathway . of this gnat man, and, departing, leave behind c you a. a legacy a name unstained by folly, \- feebleness, or sin; having the satisfying know i ledge, too, as you sink to rest, that your 1\. memories are beloved and venerated, not in 9 spite of youj unnumbered frailties aad error., 1' but because of tte positive excellencies of your c life. __ "Be good, sweet friends, and let who will be ■, clever, r Do honorable thing., not dream them all .- day .long; 1 So making life death, and the vast hereafter a One grand sweet song." 1- The rev. lecturer, who for two hour, had sua n tamed the unflagging attention of his hearers, 1 resumed his .eat amidst loud and long-continued '- applause, i- The Bey. J. L. P-BSOKB briefly moved a vote a of thank, to Mr. Clark fothis lecture, and tothe 1 Mayor for presiding, remarking that, aa a speci al men of brilliant and sustained oratory, and as c an example of unfaltering memory, the lecture f had no parallel in his experience. , The Bey. T. J-lDsa, who seconded tte motion, 1 referred to the marvellous condensatian aad Ii clearnessof theleeture, andalsoto tte indebted 1' nes. of tte Adelaide publio to Mr. Clark for this 1, lecture, and alao for his other service, in the pulpit. 3 The motion waa earned by aoolamation. ,_ The Eev. Chas. Cl— ek, in aoknowledgi-g tin oomphment, a—id he had oome here for a holi day, but he had had about 25 per cent, mon work to do here than at hoaie. He waa gratified 1 however, to find that he had afforded then: . pltu-mre that ereai__g,'and as he should leave 01 ' themorrow,hebadetnemgood night—God bleu 1 them. (Applause.) c His Worship the —U.TOB having also brieflj 1 expressed m^ acknowledgments, the prooeedingi J closed, 