PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, May 22. Tho Speaker took the chair at half-past 1 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. L. L. SMITH proaented a petition from Martin Fitzgerald, a discharged civil servant, praying that an impartial board might bt» appointcd to investigate his case. carlton-gardens appeal case. Mr, COHEN said that last evening, when he put a question to tho Attorney- General, ha stated, on the authority of the city solicitors, that tbo appeal in the Carlton-gardens dis- puto was not sent homo by the April mail. The Attorney-General replied that it was sent The city solicitors had sent him the following in a note : "As a matter of fact the transcript of pro- ceedings was sent homo by the Court by the April mail. This duty is performed by tho Court under the authority of the Act 15 Vic, No. 10, section 33. Tho Crown informed our Mr. Cameron that they intended to forward instructions to their agonts by the May mai and that they had simply written by tho April mail to inform their agents of this intontion. Wo believe that the Crown only forwarded actual instructions to their agents by the present mail." Mr. R. WALSH could not answer for every allegation that might be made on the autho- rity of the city solicitor. He could only repeat that tho appeal was sent home by the last mail, and his authority was tbe officer in his department who had chargo of the case. ELECTIONS COMMITTEE. The SPEAKER laid on the table his war- rant for the appointment of the members of the Elections and Qualifications Committee. NOTICES OF MOTIONS AND QUESTIONS. Mr. W. CLARKE intimated that, on Tues- day, he would ask the Minister of Lands if bo will bring in a bill to place the selectors and purchasers of land undor the 42nd clause of the Land Act, 18G5, on the same footing 03 those who have selected land under tho Land Act of 16G9, with the view of refunding to tho former amounts they have paid over or abovo £1 per acre. Mr. STEWART notifiod that, on Tuesday, he would ask the Solicitor-General whether it was the intention of the Government to bring in a bill to amend the law relating to coroners and coroners' juries. Mr. PURVES gavo notice that, on Wed- nesday, ho would ask the Minister of Lands whether selectors under the Land Act, 1805, must surrender their loases and obtain a new one, as'Set forth in clause 33 of the Land Act, 18G9, and, if so, when ; or whether it is only necessary to continue the payment of rent, and so obtain a grant at the expiry of 10 years ; and, further, whether it is the duty of the selector to apply for a certificate of improvements, or what, of the Government, to ascot tain that tbo conditions of tbo lease havo beon complied with. Mr. JAMES gavo notice that, next day, ho would call tho attention of tho Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey "to an ap- parently unjust act, either through incora petency or neglect on tho part of ono or moro official in his department, respecting a road in the parish of Kenella being partially olosod by a selector being allowed to take it up, and subsequently obtaining a Crown grant for it, after said road had been opened for traffic by the approval aud sanction of the assistant commissioner ; and ask that the caso may bo inquired into." Mr. MASON gavo notico that, next day, ho would move for a copy of the statement (together with all papers connected therewith) submitted by the Treasurer to the lawofiicors of tho Crown respecting the claims of Messrs. Sinclair, Rodda, and other employés in tho Government Printing-office, for superannua- tion allowance, or compensation, under tho Civil Service Act, with the opiuion givon thereon, . Mr. PHILIPPS gave notico that, next day, he would movo for a select committee to in quiro into the claims oT Alexander Gray, for compensation for tho loss of loase 105, Stringer's Creek, Beechworth mining division, and other leases ; such committee to consist of Mr. Patterson, Mr. Fraser, Mr. Mason, Mr. Burrowes, Mr. Bent, Mr. W. Clarke, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Stewart, Mr. W. C. Smith, and tbo mover. Mr. ROBERTSON gavo notico that, on Tuesday, he avould call tho attention of tho Minister of Lands to tho damage being dono to the lands on the bank of the River Leigh, in tho neighbourhood of Inverleigh, by tho running of sludge into the river, by which farmers and otberB in that locality havo sus- tained serious loss ; and ask if the Minister would take immediate steps to inquire into the matter. Mr. HANNA gavo notico that he would, on Tuesday, move for all the papers in con- nexion with the selection by a Mr. Gillospio of 20 acres of the racecourse at Avenel, Mr. L. L. SMITH gave notico that, on Wednesday, 5th June, he would movo for leave to bring in a bill to establish colonial labour farms and pioneer labour corps. mr. shakespeare case. Mr. WHITEMAN moved that tho papers in the case of Mr. Shakespear, formorly of the Water Supply department, be laid on the table. Agreed to. HANSARD REPORTS. Mr. DUFFY called the attention of tho bon. member for East Bourke (Mr. Ramsay) to the statemont he made last night that tho Hansard reporters had suppressed an inter- jection of his (the Chiof Secretary's) ia tho speech of the bon. member for East Mol- bourno, when ho said that the Treasury would not havo to pay a single ponny for the secre- tary of tho agent-general. It was cruel to maka statements of this nature about gontlomon who wero not in a position to answer for themselves. Bookless statements had charac- terised tho debato, and no sooner worn thoy made than they had beon grossly exaggerated ouiside and in the journals. The statomout hu (Mr, Duffy) made was not omitted, and it was extremely improper of the hon. member not to toko means to satisfy himself that it was omitted. The identical words, to bo found on page 79, wero as follows : "Mr. Cohen.-What excuse can ho offerfor giving a porfect stranger-a man who nover did a hand's turn for tho colony-money out of tho Treasury Î "Mr. Duffy.-The Treasury is not going to pay ono ponny." Mr. RAMSAY regrottod that ho had mado tho statement undor tho circurastancos, and apologised to tho gontlomon connected with tho preparation of Hansard. But it was not true that ho did not make inquiries, bo causod ho looked through tho report, and tho passage accidentally escaped his attention. It would bo evident that theChief Socrotary was unaware that the statement was reportod, or he would havo correctod him (Mr. Ramsay) last night. GIPPS LAND RAILWAY HESEBVE. Mr. PURVES called tho attention of tho Minister of Lands to the fact that tho land n served for tho purposesof a railway to Gipps Land was now being soloctcd, and asked that all such lands might be reserved until some definite steps should bo taken towards thu formation of the said railway. Tho land was simply being selected by land speculators and others. Wo were now dissipating the wealth, of tho colony, which might be used at somo futuro timo to mako the railway. Mr. GRANT replied that the land was thrown open two or threp wooka ago, and no action had been taken to stay selection. Ho did not intend to take any action to stay it further than to reservo what was nocos snry for tho railway track and the quantity of land on each sido which the onginoor-in chitf might suggest. APPOINTMENT OF MR. JOHN HOLMES. Mr. SPENSLEY claimed the indulgence of the House in order that he might place information before it with reference to a statement of the hon. and learned member for Sr. Kilda yesterday evening. He had re- ceived the following letter : "Crown Law Offices, May 22, 1872. " Dear Sir,-As head of the department of which I have the honour to be an officer, I trust that, in the event of Mr. Fellows not retracting what he insinuated concerning me last night, you will read for the enlightenment of the Assembly, and in refutation of Mr. Fellows's absurd insinuations against me, the accompanying letter written and sent by me to Mr. Fellows this day.-I have the honour, &c;, John Holmes. "Hon. Howard Spensley, M.P, Solicitor General." Mr. MACPHERSON rose to order. This was the most extraordinary course which had ever been pursued in the House. The Hon. member was not justified in bringing down a communication from any public servant in any way reflecting on an hon. member. Mr. CASEY submitted that the Solicitor General was perfectly in order in justifying an officer of the civil service who had been unwarrantably attacked by an hon. member who was protected by privilege. (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGTON contended that it was con- -trary to all Parliamentary practice, and to all their precedents, to allow any letter re- flecting on the conduct of a member to be read in the House. The letter characterised the speech of the hon. member for St. Kilda, as absurd. (Mr. Spensley.-" The phrase is absurd insinuation.') That was an impu- tation against the hon. member, and it would not take anyone long to find a number of instances in which persons were called to the bar of the House of Commons and committed to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms for offences not one whit greater. Mr. CASEY.-Mr. Reed, the controller of the navy yards in England, was accused a short time ago of having mismanaged the navy business. He threw the responsibility upon the political head of the department. He wrote a letter in the same way as in this case, and it was read by the political head of the department in tho House of Commons. Mr. VALE thought his hon. colleague was entitled to read a letter to show that the charge made by the hon. and learned member for St Kilda (Mr. Fellows)-that he had appointed a "Fenian"-was absolutely in- correct. Mr. GILLIES pointed out that the civil service regulations prohibited a member of the service from using words, either in con- versation or in writing, which wore disparag- ing to a member of Parliament, much more to words which might have been used in debate by a member of the House. (An Hon. Member.-" That is not a point of order.") It was not proper that an officer of the public service should be in a position to write a letter even to the head of his department which could be read to the House, in answer to some statement made in Parliament on the previous evening. It would be very much better for the Solicitor-General to substantially state what facts were within his knowledge, in contradiction, if necessary, of the state- ment made the last evening. He might state all the facts without dragging in a gentleman who was now a member of the civil service, for it might be prejudicial to him now or at any other time. Mr. J. T. SMITH thought the Govern- ment were entitled to vindicate their own act. After a few words from Mr. Kerferd and Mr. Longmore. The SPEAKER said that the whole dis- cussion was out of order. An opportunity would be afforded in the debate on the address for discussing the subject, when an answer could be given to any statement that had been already made. An hon. member in rising to make an explanation such as he understood the Solicitor-General proposed to make was only entitled to explain matters personal to himself, not with regard to some other person. The rule which applied to petitions would apply to any other documents read to the House; they must not reflect upon any individual member of the House nor upon the House as a body. Mr. CASEY submitted that it was the privilege of the Minister of the Crown to lay any public document on the table, and he was responsible if he laid an improper docu- ment on the table. The SPEAKER.-A Minister of the Crown can only lay on the table a document that has been moved for-(hear, hear)-and there is one definite rule, which applies to a Minister of the Crown as well as to a private member, that no document should be presented to the House which spoke in disrespectful language of the House or any individual member. Mr. GRANT.-Every day Ministers lay on the table documents that have not been moved for. The SPEAKER said that Ministers could not present any other papers, except such as referred to the department of which they were the head, unless by command of His Excellency. Mr. SPENSLEY then proceeded to state that his course was to defend himself as a Minister of the Crown. After the statements made last night, he was anxious to avail himself of the first opportunity to place tho facts as he was ac- quainted with them before the House. If the House did not wish the lettor to be read he would not read it, but he felt bound to give Mr. Holmes's denial to the damaging charges made against him. Mr. Holmes, then, informed him that he was not and never had been a member of any secret association or society whatever ; that he was not a Fenian, never had been a Fenian, and so far as he was aware, never met and certainly never knew a Fenian-(laughter, and an Hon. Member-" He is proving too much")-that he never stated at any time or in any place, or to any person, that be was a Fenian ; and that if any person said he had he stated what was absolutely and utterly untrue ; that he was an Irish Protestant, the son of a Protestant Orangeman, and his forbears and connexions had been and were of the same religious de- nomination. (Mr. G. V. Smith-"How about his grandmother.") If the hon. mem- ber desired any information on the point he bad better give notice on the subject. Mr. Holmes, from the age of 20 until he left Ireland, was a resident alumnus of the Pro- testant University of Dublin, and as such could not be a member of any secret society. Mr. Holmes was prepared to verify these statements on oath or in any other way that might be required, and he hoped that Mr. Fellows would do him the justice of either retracting what he was reported to have said or prove the same. Mr. G. V. SMITH, as so many remarks had been made on this subject, wished to state his regret that tbe Solicitor-General had thought it necessary to make this explanation, which he (Mr. Smith) regarded as altogether im- proper and unnecessary. For his own part he had been inclined to view this doctrine of Fenianism with considerable favour, espe- cially if men loyal to Fenianism were referred to, because he found that the Fenian Associa- tion in Ireland had denounced landlord shooting, and had- Mr. L. L. SMITH rose to order. He should like to know what was before the House. Mr. G. V. SMITH.-Well, I was before the House. (Much laughter.) \- The SPEAKER.-I have already said the -whole discussion is irregular. I will now call on the business on the notice paper. Mr. G. V. SMITH.-I shall tako another opportunity of explaining. TUE SOUTH MELBOURNE GAS COMPANY. Mr. WHITEMAN moved that staudiug orders Nos. 12 (with tho addition thoroto), 13, 21, and 43, relating to private bills, be sus- pended, and that leave bo giron to introduce a bill, intituled "A Bill to Incorporate a Company to bo called ' The South Melbourne Gas Company,' and for other purposes." Mr. J. T. SMITH hopod the Houso would not assent to this proposal, on tho ground that the bill would unfairly intorforo willi the in forests of the city as protected by the Mel- bourno Gas Company's Act. A deterioration in tho value of city property would follow tho passing of the bill. The bon. niomber for Emerald-hill, ho submitted, had shown no reason why the customary usage should be departed from in regard to tho standing ordors. Mr. WHITEMAN.-Reasons aro given in tho examiners' report. Mr. J. T. SMITH said theso reasons did not do away with the fact that the Melbourne Gas Company had certain privileges which ought not to be interfered with. Mr. CREWS hopod the House would throw no impediment in the way of this bill. If any alterations were necessary they could bo considered in committee. It would bo absurd to throw out the bill mbrely because the City Corporation had an interest in the Melbourne Gas Company. Tho Southern Company, ho behoved, would supply tho suburbs with gas at a choaper rate than the old company, and that was a strong reason in favour of the former. Mr. LANGTON had no desiro to throw any impediment in the way of legislation of this kind whon tho circumstances were such as would command public support. But tho bon. membor for Emerald-hill could not oxpoct to pass, his motion in its present form. The motion was for the absolute suspension of certain standing orders without regard to any conditions. In that case the report of the examinors was useless. Mr. WHITEMAN.-The conditions havo already boen compliod with as required by tho examiners. Mr. LANGTON.-We havo not boon put in possession of that information. The SPEAKER.-The Clerk informs me that ho is not in a position to make that asser- tion. Mr. LANGTON, in that case, would suggest to the hon. member to postpone his motion for the present. If the proposition were adopted in its existing form, the standing orders would be suspended, and there would be no material guarantee given that the operations of the company would not bo abandoned. Mr. KERFERD submitted that any ob- jections to the bill should be mado in com- mittee. All that was required at this stage was that certain standing ordors bo susponded. He would suggest to the bon. member for Emerald-hill to insert the words at tho be- ginning of the motion, "on compliance with tbe report of the examinors." Mr. WHITEMAN was informed that the conditions required by the examiners hod been complied with, and that the necessary under- taking was lodged with the under treasurer, and with Mr. Morrah at the Lands Office. However, as it seemed to be the wish of the House, he would accept the amendment The SPEAKER reminded the House that a motion of this kind required to bj carried by a majority of three-fourths. The motion, as amended, was then put. Tho House divided, and the question was resolved in the affirmative. The numbers were not taken. LAND SELECTIONS. Mr. HANNA moved that there be laid upon tho table of this House all the papers, plans, and tracings, in connexion with the applica- tion of Daniel M'Gillicuddy to select land on Mr. Tolmie's run, parish of Daran : also, a copy of the plan of the selections on the above run, with the names of each selector on their selections, i The motion was agreed to. PAPER. Mr. M'LELLAN presented the papers moved for by Mr. Whiteman in regard to the removal of Mr. Shakespeare from the Government service. THE VOTE OF WANT OF CONFIDENCE-RESUMP- TION Or DEBATE. The debate on the second amendment on the address in reply to the Governor's speech was resumed by Mr. MASON, who remarked that the lato amendment proposed by the hon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis) was of such a nature that it received support from members on the Ministerial side of the House which it would not have done bad a distinct vote of want of confidence been proposed. He could appeal to the bon. member for Crowlands (Mr. Walker) for confirmation of that statement, for ho had informed him that had tho hon, member for Richmond's motion been simply and purely a vote of want of con- fidence, he (Mr. Walker) would have sup- ported the Government. He asked the hon. member was not that true? Mr. WALKER.-No. (A laugh.) The hon. member bad evidently misunderstood the conversation, bat as he had alluded to it, ho (Mr. Walker) felt justified in doing so also. On the Monday beforo he (Mr. Walker) spoke, the bon. member (Mr. Mason) told him most distinctly that ho did not know then how he was going to vote, but that if he wore sure that the amendment of tbo hon. member for Rich- mond (Mr. Francis) was a vote of want of confidence, he had been so badly treated by most of the Ministry that very likely he would vote against them. (Laughter, and cries of " Oh.") In addition, he might men- tion that Mr. O'shanassy had stated to him that the hon. member had told him the same thing. (Renewed laughter. ) Mr. MASON declared that ho had not said he would vote against the Government, but that if he saw that the question of education could he settled if the amendment were carried ho would have voted against them. He, how- ever, saw no possibility of settling the ques- tion, and accordingly voted as he did. Except on that ground, why should he vote against a Government whoso measures in the past he approved of on the whole, and whose pro- gramme for the future also met with bis approbation? What qualifications for office did the hon. members possess who were lead- ing the attack upon the Government. The hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Lang- ton) certainly possessed an expansive imagin- ation, as he had shown when he was last a Minister. The bon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis), too, had exhibited a capacity for muddling the public accounts. He had gone into office with a surplus of £150.000, and in the courso of 13 or 14 months by his bungling of the public accounts had created a deficit of some £300,000. Mr. FRANCIS.-That is not true. The deficiency was a prospective one, and was shown l8 months in advance. Mr. VALE submitted that the hon. mem- ber had used an unparliamentary expression, and should withdraw it. Mr. FRANCIS withdrew the remark com- plained of, but asserted that the statement of the hon member for South Gipps Land (Mr. Mason) was incorrect. Mr. MASON said that at any rate the bon. member bad not left a surplus when be retired. He (Mr. Mason) deprecated tbo wasto of time spent in discussing a question of such paltry proportions. The question of appointments was unbecoming the considera- tion of a legislative body, but since it had been introduced, it would be well to recall a few instances of the way in which previous Governments had administered their patron- age. Tho hon. momber for Richmond, when Commissioner of Customs, had been in duced by the influence of Toorak and South Yarra to appoint the assistant commissioner of customs to his present position, thereby perpetrating an injustice upon the officers in the department. The appointment of Captain Panter to tho command of the Cerberus was an injustice to an officer who had been long in the employ of the Government, and who was possessed of the highest qualifications for the office. Mr. FRANCIS believed that the officer alluded to had been offered the appointment, but had declined to go home for the vessel. Mr. MASON was not aware of the fact, but would inquire if such were tho case. Thi appointment of the engineer of the Cerberus was also an injustice to many officers out hero holding the highest qualifications for the position they applied for. He was informed that the hon. member for Richmond had promoted a messenger in the Treasury to a classified position in the public service, and that but for the interference of the Audit Commissioners, a great injustice wonld havo been done to the officers of that department. Ho was also informed that the late Govern- ment had employed their friends and relatives as supernumeraries in the Mining depart- ment, advancing thom rapidly from salaries of £200 a year to in some instances as much as £400 per annum, though their qualifications for the offices thoy filled depended upon the amount of interest and influence they could bring to bear. He had been told that an officer who entered that department as a supernumerary had, after only nine years' service, been promoted by a former Ministor of Minos to the third class of the civil service. That was the greatest injustice he had ever hoard or road of. (A laugh. ) Mr. MACKAY asked if the hon. member was referring to some appointments made by him while he was in office, and if so, to state the name of the person appointed. Mr. MASON declined to gratify the late Ministor of Mines by stating who the person was. Mr. MACKAY rose to order, asking if the bon. member could throw out imputations without stating tbo Minister of Mines be was referring to. The SPEAKER said it was a matter of courtesy whether the bon. member men- tioned who the Minister was or not Mr. MASON then stated that ho would inform the hon. member that his remarks did not concern him, and also that he had a better opinion of him than to imagine he would commit such an act of injustice as he had stated. His principal object in mention- ing tho matter was to show what the hon. mombers who were anxious again to occupy the Treasury Benches were] capable of doing. He had now to bring a most serious charge against the late Administration, one which he could not designate as other than politically corrupt. The bon. member thoa stated that Judge Bindon was not qualified for the position of County Court judge when he was promoted, but the office was kept open for him for six months after he retired from the House. That was not, however, the appoint- ment ho referred to as politically corrupt, but the appointment of the late agent-general, who gave up the representation of Williams- town to a friend because he knew the friend would bo elected, and then contested Eme- rald-hill, just to suit his own purposes. That case was much worse than the recent one of North Gipps Land, in connexion with which the Chief Secretary had been men- tioned, though only by rumours, many of which were false. Talk of bribing a constitu- ency, ho asked what the instance ho had just mentioned was but bribing two constitu- encies. Mr. A. T. CLARK was quite sure»the hon. member had no right to say his constituency could bo bribed. (Laughter. ) Mr. MASON then asked who made all the appointments in the agent-general's office in England, and why there should bo cavil now that the Chief Secretary had made only one appointment in that office? Ho referred to the fact of a brother-in-law of the late Chief Secretary boin g a member of the Board of Advice m England, paid for his services, and asked why the late Chief Secretary should bo allowed to mako that appointment without it being questioned, and thoro should bo so much cavil about the present Chlof Secretary appointing an early friend of his to a situation in London. The expenses of Mr. Verdon when ho wont home on the first occasion on the business of this colony, bad never, he said, been stated, and the House ought to see that they wero ascertained now. In con- clusion, ho mentioned, the members of the late Ministry by name, asking who would wish to see them back in office. In referring to Mr. Macpherson, fin said those who wished to see Mr. Macpherson back again in the Lands Office desired to have barriers put in the way of land selection. . Mr, MACPHERSON said he could settle that point, as he should not go back to that office or to any other in the now Government if ono was to be formed presently. Mr. MASON then said that those who were desirous of saving the country from the calamity of having the late Ministers back again in office would vote against the amend- ment, as ho was prepared to do. Mr. A. T. CLARK was glad of an oppor- tunity of saying a few words. He would first explain the reasons which induced him to record his vote for the Government on the amendment proposed by the hon. member for Richmond. One reason was that the Govern- ment appeared not to have regarded it in the light it should have been regarded by thom- as a motion of want of confidence. He felt some embarrassment in giving his vote on that occasion, and his embarrassment was in- creased by the remarks of the bon. member for Belfast. Besides being a liberal advocate of compulsory and secular education, that hon. gentleman was, he (Mr. Clark) believed, the Minister who drafted the Education Bill introduced by the late Government. If that hon. member, therefore, felt a difficulty in dealing with that question now, surely he (Mr. Clark) might be pardoned for recording his vote on tho amendment in question in favour of the Government. He had been aware a similar amendment to that now be- fore the House was about tobo proposed, and ho had desired so to vote as to alloW.tbe new Government an opportunity of cancelling some appointments that had been made. (Cheers.) He had also grave doubts whether, if that amendment bad been carried, the Govern- ment would have resigned. His doubts were considerably strengthened, because he was aware tbe Chief Secretary had on one occa- sion voted for the abolition of state aid t> religion-a matter he himself, and doubtless the hon. gentleman, considered as of as much consequence as the Education Bill. Mr. DUFFY.-No. Mr. CLARK.-Well, he himself did. Hu had also noticed that that hon. gentleman, who represented a very large and powerful party in the country, waa lately prepared to accept the position of Speaker, and therewith desert the principles he had so long fought for. For many years past, too, the hon. gentleman had been a freetrader, and for place and pay he had given up his convictions on that point. ("No.") He did not take exception to the late banquets as banquets, but to the manner in and the purpose tor which they bad been organised. He considered they were simply it system of bribery of the constituencies. Hi certainly considered, owing to the rumoured resignation of tho member for Gipps Lind (Mr. Mason-" North")-that an attempt had been made to bribe that constituency. There was no doubt that the Chief Secretary had bargained to give an hon. member a Crown prosecutorship, and was prepared to give that constituency a railway, if they would return his son. He also condemned Mr. Cashel Hoey's appointment, whom he described as a rebel. It showed very bad taste on the part of this colony to reward a man for having at some period taken active steps in aiding a rebellion against the English Government. (Mr. Longmore.-" It was not rebellion.") In reference to that appointment, be considered tho Chief Secretary had given a quibbling answer. Any Chief Secretary who in the slightest degree prevaricated or quibbled in answering a question asked in tbe House, forfeitedifor once and all the con- fidence of the country. In order to sustain the honour and purity of their democratic in- stitutions, the present Government should be at once removed from the Ministerial benches. He also had to complain that the Customs department had not boen reorganised, though the Government had promised to do that. The Customs was exactly in the same position as it was when he was employed in it. The revenue was being defrauded in every direction, tho service was completely demoralised, and no attempt was made to check the evil ; and merchants, in transacting business witn it, were put to unnecessary inconvenience. But the present Commissioner was far the best that had over occupied that position. (Cheers.) Tho manage- ment of the Railway department was, he considered, grossly bungled. He had repeat- edly, but ineffectually, suggested altera- tions to the Commissioner of Railways. There were thousands of pounds thrown away in a system of audit, and he was quite sure a greater farce never existed. Ha would next refer to the Public Works de- partment. It would be in the recollection of bon. members that during last session a committee was appointed to inquire into tho silting-up of tho bay and into the manage- ment of a department at Williamstown. The committee sat during the whole of the setsion, and was afterwards turned into a commission. While the Ministry were going on the wallaby track about the country, Um commission was devoting its time and labour in an attempt to remedy the absurd action in that department. A report had been sent in to the Chief Secretary, but it appeared from the Governor's speech that the Ministry were prepared to throw the responsibility of dealing with that report on Parliament. Mr. DUFFY.-They are not. Mr. CLARK.-All he could say was, that any Ministry who allowed a report of that kind to remain for more than 48 hours in their bands without taking any action upon it ought to bo removed from office. Hu found, indeed, that the Commissioner for Public Works had taken action diametrically opposite to the recommendation of the com- mittee. The Attorney-General the other night, in referring to the appointment of the piermnster at Williamstown, had read a requi- sition signed by several hon. members, and bad asked indignantly whether it was manly or just on the part of those gentlemen to turn round and say they had signed it without knowing its contents. Shortly after the hon. gentleman was elected for Ballarat East the official assigneeship at Ballarat became vacant, and the hon. gentleman had signed a peti- tion in favour of the appointment of a cer- tain gentleman. He became Attorney-Gene ral soon after and the appointment was in his gift, but the gentleman referred to did not get it. After that, it came with a very bad grace from the hon. member to taunt othez members with signing petitions which they did not intend to carry out. Ho also took exception to the appointment of Mr. M'Alister to an office in tho Customs, and ho should like to hear an explanation from the Com- missioner of Customs why a gentleman out side the department altogether had been ap- pointed. Mr. VALE.-Ho was in the service. Mr. CLARK.-Mr. M'Alister had beon for about three years chief officer on board tho Sir Harry Smith, training-ship, and he should like to know why he had beon transferred over the heads of 15 persons to an offlco in the Customs. It was an undoubted breach of the Civil Servico Act, because M'Alister was over 40 years of age. He did not wish to take more than ono case in that depart- ment. Mr. VALE,-Oh, tako some more if you have any. Mr. CLARK.-He would mention a case in tho Public Works department. A num- ber of men were employed as casual hands in the dredge yard at Williams- town, and they naturally expected to be entitled to the first vacancies. The Com- missioner for Public Works had told him (Mr. Clark) that these men should have the first appointments. Yet within a week a vacancy occurred, and a man from the country, who know nothing of nautical affairs, was sent down. He was found to be utterly incompetent, and yet the country was now paying for him. The next appointment he would call in question was that of Mr. Dennis as piormaster at Williamstown. He would candidly state his connexion with the matter. One day Mr. Millar, of the ropoworks, had spoken to him about it, and had told him that the Commissioner of Railways had pro mised tho appointment to Captain Espinassu if he could get his (Mr. Clark's) assent. Mr. LONGMORE.-Mr. Millar has since left the colony. Mr. CLARK.-Did the hon. gentleman deny it ? Mr. Millar was incapable of telling an untruth, and that was the statement made by him. Mr. Millar had alluded in severe terms to the shuffling conduct of tho Minister for Railways. Ho "(Mr. Clark) went to the Commissioner for Railways, and used his influence in favour of Captain Espiiiasso, but he was unsuccessful. He complained of the Commissioner for not telling him that there wero officers in the department competent for the office, and as soon as he was aware of it he withdrew his nominee. An objection to Mr. Dennis's appointment was that it would give rise to a great deal of professional jealousy. As piormaster he would havo to order about masters of vessels who wero much his senior. It was quite optional with two-thirds of the masters of vessels whether they went to Sandridge or Williamstown, and if they were dissatisfied they would go to the former. The result would bo that the railway traffic from Williamstown would fall off. He ob- jected also to a pension being allowed to Captain Blackwood, who was quite capable of fulfilling the duties of piermaster for another 10 years. He believed _ that the granting the pension was totally illegal, for Captain Blackwood had not been in the civil service. If it was argued that he was in the civil service, then the Government were not justified in appointing his successor from outside. He was well aware that there was more Parliamentary interest in favour of Captain Espinosse than of Mr. Dennis, and he therefore came to the conclusion that it was some very powerful motive that induced the Government to grant the latter the ap- pointment. His conviction was that that ap- pointment was made a condition under which Mr. Jenner took his seatosrepresentativeof tho Government in theLegislative Council. ( Hear.) He wished to make one or two remarks on tho conduct of the Commissioner of Railways. It appeared from the spoech made a few days ago, that the hon. member very much regretted that he was not in Ireland in the late troublous times. He_ appeared to glory in rebellion. It came with a bad grace from a Minister of the Crown to use such language, after having taken an oath to uphold the Constitution. Before he concluded he must express bis extremo regret at the charge which had been made against the late Treasurer. He had known the hon gentle- man since boyhood, and he must say that since he had been a member be had received the kindest and most considerate treatment from the bon, gentleman. He believed from his own knowledge, that in political life a more honourable man had never sat upon the Treasury Bench. (Hear, hear.) He did not believe in the action taken by the bon. mem- ber for Geelong East (Mr. Garratt). What- ever the merits of the case, violent person- alities, and fruitless charges were much to be deprecated. If the bon. member desired to injure the Treasurer or drive him from this Chamber, there were other courses open to bim than the one he bad chosen. Mr DUFFY.-The motion, before the Chair, sir, is one designed not merely to over- throw the Government as a political party, but to dishonour public men by the charge that they have employed unworthily tbo power with which they have beeu in- trusted. It is my intention to meet the charge in both its branches. When I assumed my present office I did so with the full deter- mination that the public patronage entrusted to me and my colleagues should be used only for public ends ; and I am here, sir, to con- tend that that intention was carried out (Hear, hear.) Sir, I approach the question with some difficulty, because I don't know whether all the cb arges the Government are expected to meet have already been ex- hibited against us. I know, sir, upon the last occasion, after the bon. gentleman who is at the bead of the Opposition had made such a statement as be thought proper to this House, and I bad given, I think, a clear and conclusive answer to his statement, that other bon. gentlemen, all those who hoped to rise into power on the fall of the present Government, did one after another assail me personally when my mouth was closed. (Hear, hear.) And, sir, when it was suggested than an opportunity ought to be afforded to me to reply on the whole case, instead of eagerly consent ing to that arrangement, instead of courting a fair controversy, they joined in a chorus of passion, declaring that I should not be heard again. (Hear, hear.) Well, sir, I don't know if upon the present occasion that course is to be repeated, but it seems to me, sir, that the order of the day in the present attack is to throw dirt at the head of the Government, but if 1 and my colleagues don't forfeit the confidence which the country has given to us, then the conspiracy of Flinders-lane will end in disaster. (Cheers and laughter.) Fora time that design seemed successful, but my time has come, and I confidently rely on the electric force of simple truth to carry conviction to every honest man The bon. member who last addressed the Houso began his rambling statement by re- ferring to the charge that I had used-I aud my colleagues, I at all events, had used those public banquets which have been so often referred to as an opportunity of assail- ing my political opponents. Now, I declare that a grosser misrepresentation was never uttered on ihe floor of this House. (Cheers ) I used the form of those public entertain ments simply for self-defence against thoae who were assailing me. (Hear, hear.) Among the members of the lateGovernrueut there were at least three who are contributors to the newspapers ; among the other members of tbo Opposition there are twice as many gentlemen. Those gontlemen, under tho convenient shield of our anonymous journalism, have been unsparing in their criticism on the Government. Does any reasonable man think that it was my duty the duty of my colleagues-to liston to these things in silence, or to seize a fair oppor- tunity, when a fair opportunity offered, to rebuke, to refute, and to answer thom ? If we had pnr.ued the former course, and listened to them in silence, I am persuaded that the effect would havo been that during tbelonu recess the Government would have been lied out of existence. (Cheers.) Mr. MACKAY, who was mot with loud cries of "Chair," asked whether the hon. gentleman was in order in inferentially stating that three members of the late Go vernment bad been systematically maligning him through the papers ? The SPEAKER.-I don't think the hon. gentleman was pointedly referring to any one, and therefore I cannot rule him out of order. I Mr. Mackay again rose, but Mr, VALE ventured to remind the Houso of the compact made last night that they were to have orderly sittings. Interrup- tions of this sort were cowardly and dis- graceful. Mr. Mackay again rose, but at the same time, Mr, G. V. SMITH interposed, amid some laughter. He said I rise to a point of order. I want the words the Commissioner of Cus- toms has spoken to be retracted. (Hear, hear.) Mr. VALE.-I have simply to say that I used those words advisedly. (Mr. Bent - " The more shame to you.") I used them for this purpose. The hon. mombers in Oppo- sition know that the Chief Secretary suffers under the very great disadvantage, in address- ing any public assembly Mr. G. V. SMITH.-Wo don't want any- thing of this kind. We don't want a sermon from the bon, member ; but the withdrawal of his unparliamentary expression. Mr. VALE.-Now, Mr. Speaker, there is a rule that no-(cries of " Withdraw.") No noise that that side may make shall divert me from my purpose. (" Withdraw, with- draw.") I am prepared to withdraw in deference to the Speaker, at the proper time ; but not in deference to the disorderly mom- ber for Beechworth. (Mr. G. V. Smith had been calling out " Withdraw, withdraw.") The SPEAKER told the bon. member ho must withdraw the words-(hear, hear) but be thought that the Chief Secretary, in making.use of general words, had not gone beyond the limits of order. Mr. VALE, amid cries of "Withdraw," said be rose with the intention, which he should fulfil, of carrying out the practice from which he bad never diverged in the House, that of obeying the Chair. He used two expressions in relation to the conduct of the bon. member for Sandhurst for a purpose. He used them because he was going to point out the object. (Renewed cries of "With- draw.") The SPEAKER.-The bon. member is not in order in justifying the terms. (Cheers.) Mr, VALE.-I am not going to justify them. (Cries of " Chair," which induced the hon. member to sit down for a moment) I simply desire to point out, when I used the words, that it was unfair to a member of the House having a weak voice to mako the noise that was made. I withdraw the expressions I used in deference to your ruling, and should havo withdrawn them 10 minutes ago but for the grossly disorderly conduct of the members far Beechworth, for Sandhurst, and for Brighton. Mr. DUFFY rose to continuo his speech, but Mr. BENT rose to a point of order. Mr. DUFFY, amid cries of "Chair," said -I shall request you to adjourn the House unless hon. members preserve order. I am addressing tbo Chair. I believe the hon. member, if he rises to any point, it is a point of disorder. (" Chair, chair.") The SPEAKER.-I am capable of express- ing an opinion on a point of order. I havo given my decision on one point which has been raised. Mr. DUFFY.-And nothing has since arisen. The SPEAKER.-And nothing has since arisen. But I simply wish now to hear what the bon. member for Brighton has to say. Mr. BENT.-The Commissioner of CuBtoms, in bis usual way, when bo withdraws one remark, always follows it with one more in- sulting. (Hear, hear ) Was the hon. mem- ber in order whon he characterised the con- duct of the member for Brighton and other members as grossly disorderly ? The SPEAKER.-I think it would havo been preferable if the bon. gentleman had not added those words. (Hear, hear.) It will be best now to let the Chief Secretary pro- ceed. Mr. DUFFY.-I said, sir, that I used the platform of those public entertainments simply and exclusively for self-defence. (Hear, hear.) And I am now about to pro- ceed to illustrate that statement. I men- tioned, sir, at some of those public meet- ings in all four members of this House, and eacb of those four, had rendered it necessary that I should take that course. On one of the last night's of the debate, the hon. and learned member for Dundas mado a pathetic L complaint to tho House as to the manner in which I had assailed his land policy upon occasions when he was not thore to answer. Sir, the land policy of tho hon. and learned member for Dundas belonged to the dead post, and would have interested me no more than what occurred in Kamschatka, if the hon. member had not placed me on the defensive by assail- ing the land policy of the present Government. Sir, tbe hon. member for Dundas is one of the proprietors and one of the writers of a newspaper in this city, in which I and tho Government of which I am the head are assailed six times a week, and sometimes six and-twenty times a week, in all the moods and tenses of vituperation. Nothing that we do, nothing that we say, nothing that wo omit to do or to say, but was misrepresented in that journal. Will any man in this Cham- ber tell me that we are to sustain, in absoluto silence for ever, a fire of calumny of that uature ? Sir, I say the public life Mr. MACKAY.-Repeat what you soid, now that the hon. member for Dundas has come in. Mr. ÖUFFY.-I will ask you to adjourn the House, if the bon. member for Sandhurst interrupts me like this. Mr. FRANCIS.-I rise to order. The Chief Secretary has constantly called upon you to adjourn this House. (An Hon. Member. '' What is the point of order?") It is not in order to resort to an extraordinary course like that. Mr. F. WALSH hoped that the Speaker would rule once for all that it was not in order for members opposite to interrupt a leading speaker like the Chief Secretary with trivial points of order. The SPEAKER.-Any bon. member may rise to order. But I think the good taste of bon. members should teach them that they would be wise not to raise points of order unless they oro satisfied that they can bo sustained. But other hon. members were interrupted a good deal on previous nights. Mr. DUFFY.-Mr. Speaker, whom did I interrupt 1 It is very proper, sir, to lecture those who are misconducting themselves, but I respectfully submit that I have not done so. (An Hon. Member.-" That's a matter of opinion.") The statements I made in tho absence of the hon. and learned member for Dundas- whose absence I am not account- able for-was this, that he was one of the proprietors and one of the writers of a journal in this city in which I was assailed six times a week, and sometimes six and twenty times Mr. MACPHERSON -I tell the hon, gen- tleman that I never had any share or any interest whatsoever in any newspaper in this colony or anywhere else, and never wrote a line for any newspaper-(cheers)-never wrote a line or the foundation of any article, or dictated any article, that has appeared in any newspaper in this colony. (Cheers.) Mr. DUFFY.-Well, sir, I am bound, in Parliamentary courtesy, to accept absolutely the statement of the hon. and learned member that ho is not one of the writers or proprietors of the Daily Telegraph newspaper. The hon. member has set right not only me, but a very large number of members in this House, and a very considerable number of persons in this country. ("No, no.") I am stating that that conviction was entertained by a considerable number of persons whom I have no doubt the absolute contradiction of the bon. member will give as much surprise to as it has given to me. I will then content myself with saying that a specific reason why I took occasion at various banquets, or many of thom, to refer to the hon. member for Dundas was because I was assured by persons who ought to know, but it appears they were not well informed, that the hon. and learned member was directing that machine -the Telegraph newspaper-against me. Mr. MACPHERSON.-Never. Mr. DUFFY.-If I had had the oppor- tunity of hearing that denial from the hon member at some earlier period, be should not have had occasion to complain of my referring to him, because I did so in his case, as in the case of others, simply in what I believed to be self-defence. Sir, public life might be made intolerable to a public man if be did not rely on a weapon to chastise un- reasonable aggressions. I referred also on several occasions to the hon. mern bor for Weat Melbourne, and when he last addressed the House he complained that I had done so in his absence. Now, I will say that in referring to the bon. member for West Melbourno I was simply rebutting an unfair and ungene- rous charge which he made upon me in my absence. One evening wheu I was ill and absent from this House, the bon. member endeavoured to raise the impression in the House and in the country that I had aban- doned my opinions upon the education question, because serious modifications were made in the Estimates of that year as compared with the Estimates of three or four years back. But the hon. member know perfectly well that the change had beon made by the hon. member for Richmond. When tho Treasurer of the present Govern- ' ment had to deal with the Estimates he found that for two years the education vote had been set out in detail, and he likewise set it out in detail. If I had insisted on his abandoning that practica, and returning to one that I preferred, he would have bad just ground to complain, inasmuch as education was an open question in the Government, and I should have been trenching upon his individual liberty. Strong as the opinion of the bon. member for West Melbourno appears to be on that question, if ever he finds himself in a Government, with the hon. member for Richmond at tho head of it, I undertake to say he will bring.the education vote down in theidenticalformho has complained of against me. The bon, gentleman has complained of charges being made behind his hack. It seems to me that tho hon. member is especially ex- cluded from making that imputation upon anyone, seeing what he puts in the journal to which he carries his amiable criticisms upon his co-members in this House. Mr. LANGTON.-Which journal? Mr. DUFFY.-The journal I refer to is The ' Argus. Mr. LANGTON.-That is entirely without . foundation. Mr. DUFFY.-I accepted the bon. mem- ber's denial last time, but unfortunately I cannot accept it this time because he showed. me one article at least before it went into the paper. Mr. LANGTON.-Since tho hon. member has been in office ? Mr. DUFFY.-I have had no confidential communications with the bon. member since I have been in office. ("Oh, oh.") If any- thing has interrupted the ordinary practico of the non. member, he has not taken occasion to communicate it to me. (Laughter.) As the hon. member has often quoted Hansard, where our speeches are reported at greater length than in the newspapers, he ought to lay upon tbe table of the House a list of his contributions to journals, and especially his criticisms upon the members on both sides of the House, in order that whon he holds us accountable for what we have said, we may hold him accountable for what he has written. During tho present session the bon. member for West Molbourne has takenup a prominent position of antagonism to the existing Go- vernment I do not know whether he will believe me when I tell him I rejoice that it is so. I have tried him as an ally and as an antagonist, and I prefer him in the latter capacity. Mr. LANGTON.-Since I refused to join you. Mr. DUFFY.-Of this I am secure, that he will not find his vote raise me to a position of authority with the party ho is connected with, that no may then privately assail me with sly paragraphs in the papers. _ Mr. LANGTON.-I never did snch a thing in my lifo. It is merely your imagination. Mr. DUFFY.-In fact, the hon. member showed me a lotter in his own handwriting. Mr. LANGTON.-I did nothing of the kind. Mr. DUFFY.-Well, one sly paragraph one letter-if tho hon. member will not allow me more. Mr. LANGTON.-Nothing of the kind ever occurred. Mr. DUFFY.-I will produce the letter. Mr. LANGTON.-No. Mr. DUFFY.-Dealing with the hon. morn ber in his present position of antagonism, I say that he solicited tay aid to got into the House, and that as soon as he was there he employed his position to defame me. Mr. LANGTON.-I never asked you to assist me. Mr. DUFFY.-Never asked me? Mr. LANGTON.-No. (Laughter.) Mr. DUFFY.-Neither at the bon. member's election when there was a Parliamentary committee fighting against the M'Culloch Government, nor at the lost general election? Mr. LANGTON.-No, no more than the hon. member ever asked my assistance. Mr. DUFFY.-Why, what use could the hon. member be to me in the constituency of Dalhousio ? But I will not debate that, I will simply say that it gives me a tide-mark, when I understand that the hon. member will say that bo never asked, and of course never received, assistance from mo in two elections in the city. That is a tide mark, and I shall never forget what statement the hon. member will feel capable of making, lu the previous debate the non, member for West Melbourne was good enough to give me a lesson upon fidelity in principle. It seems to me that the non. member is not exactly an au- thority, or one from whom the House is likely to take its political morality. Upon one question the lion, gentleman has been tolerably steady-that of free trade- except the occasion on which he was willing to outbid the hon, member for Rich mond in protective duties, during the debate on the budget of the M'Culloch Adminis- tration. On that occasion be told the hon. member for Richmond that was afraid of 25 per cent., while he (Mr. Langton) was not afraid of 25 per cent. (Cheers and laughter.) However, the hon. member for West Melbourne was tolerably steady on the question of free trade, because he represents in this House a number of persons who have a very considerable interest in that question. Testing the bon. gentleman's conduct by tho public principles we have been dealing with, let us see how he is entitled to assume the position of a teacher of political consistency. When Mr. Higin botham introduced his education bill in this House, the hon. member for West Melbourne got up in his place and congratulated bim upon it. Mr. LANGTON.-That is not the fact. Mr. DUFFY.-It is in Hansard. An Hon. Member.-It was before the bill was introduced, Mr. DUFFY.-Tbe hon. member for We3t Melbourne is reported in Hansard to have congratulated the hon. and learned membor for Brighton upon his education bill. Mr. LANGTON.-No. Mr. DUFFY.-Afterwards the tide of popular feeling ran high against that bill. The hon. member for West Melbourne floated upon tbe tide, and became one of the most vigor r us and vehement opponents of the measure. When the so-called Constitutional party were fighting in this House the so called Loyal Liberals upon the Darling grant question, one of the test points on which the Constitutional party set most value was that the power of this House over the public ex- penditure was violated and Bet at nought by confessed judgments-that tho system of con- fessed judgments withdrew the public ex- penditure from the control of Parliament ; and the hon. member for West Melbourne was amongst those who adopted the most vehement and positive opposition to that proceeding. Bat when tho bon. member came into office be commenced confessing judgments, and his collenguo the other hoc, member for West Melbourne, who now pre- sides over our deliberations in this House, denounced and rejected the Government, and separated from them because they had adopted the practice of confessing judgments. Again, tho vote upon the Darling grant was itself a test point. Upon that vote, the initia- tive having been taken before 1 entered Par- liament, I always took this ground : If I had been in Parliament when the vote was proposed I would have voted against it, but that the last Parliament having affirmed it, it ought to bo put ina separate bill. The hon. member for West Melbourne would not touch the unclean thing under any pre- tence, When he came into office he was prepared to reject any proposal having a design to grant this money. I may observe, parenthetically, that a dissolution of Parua ment had taken place, and that a large majority of members were returned pledged to grant this money. We heard the other night of the obligations a general election places on Parliament to accopt the decision of the people, but the hon. member, being a leading member of the Administration, de- clined to do so. After a little time, his colleague Mr. Bayles was to bring in a private measure. But that did not satisfy, and step by step the thing went on until a bill was framed to grant the money to Lady Darling. It seems to me that while the older members of the House have all these facts in their memory, it is scarcely becoming in the hon. member (Mr, Langton) to set himself up as a guide and prophet to others in respect to political consistency and morality, The hon. member for West Melbourno thought proper also to lecture me upon certain contro- versies that had taken place between myself and tbe present Commissioner of Customs, Now, I will say, without hesitation, that in all the transactions which bave occurred sinco the present Government came to office, there is nono which I think affords a greater i guarantee of a generous desire to make a party based upon popular sympathies or the interests of the country than Mr. Vale and myself having forgotten the con- trovert, we bad. ("Oh, oh!") All the attacks Mr, Vale made upon me origin- ated in the one feeling upon the pre- judices of early education, I can make allowance, and generous men can, for feelings and prejudices of that nature, espe- cially when they arose as they did. And when the hon. member for Collingwood, on further acquaintance with me and with life, was willing to put this aside, it was my duty gladly to welcome such a reconciliation to- wards forming, not a sectional party, but a party based upon the broad sympathies of the Deople. (An Hon. Member,-"Publicans.") On the othor hand, the bon. member might very reasonably forget my attacks upon him, because they were all made in defence. I never assailed him, except when he attackod me, and ho might very fairly have considered that as a reason for dropping these old re collections. With respect, not merely to the case of myself and my present colleagues, but myself and those gentlemen with whom I am now dealing, I used this language for the purpose of defending myself against the attacks of political antagonists. I nave long made it an unvarying rule of public life never to attack anybody, but never to per- mit anybody to attack mo with impunity, (Mr. G. V. Smith.-"That is not true/') When the hon, member was going to lecture me about my former misunderstanding with the Commissioner of Customs he might have remembered there were attacks of quite a different nature, which he will probably be called upon to answer himself. Will the hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Longton) tell me whether it was true that he charged upon the bon. member for Richmond that, having induced this House to grant a sum of money for novel industries, he distributed the money mainly among his own supporters for political purposes? Did be charge him with having illegally suspended an act of Parlia- ment to put money into his own pockets, into those of the hon. member for Mornington (Sir James M'Culloch), and those of his own supporters? Mr. LANGTON.-Never. Mr. DUFFY.-It is very likely that some one who will follow me will revive the bon, member's recollection of these words, as re- ported in Hansard. Mr. LANGTON.-I am reported in Han- sard to bavo expressly repudiated it. Mr. DUFFY.-It will be brought distinctly under tbe hon. member's attention. In addition the bon. member charged the hon, member for Richmond with having subjected this country to an expenditure of £03,000, which he distributed to himself and among his friends, some of whom wero specified and some of whom I see still in the front bench opposite mo. I will ask the hon. member, moreover, did he put these charges into the newspaper press in a more aggravated form ; also did he put them into the mouth of a gentleman not given to making attacks upon anybody-Mr. Sladen-and induce him to level tbem at the bon. member for Richmond and Sir James M'Culloch? I will say for myself, that I never took the slightest part in making these imputations, for the reason that though I think the hon. member for Rich- mond has abundance of political and personal faults, I never attributed to him a greedy spirit or tbe dishonourable or disreputable inten- tion of using his public position for such ends. I soy that was the feeling I entertained, but if the bon. member himself takes to his arms the gentleman who mado the statement takes to his arms the gentleman wbom his colleague Sir James M'Culloch stated in making charges of this nature had lowered this House more in this country and in tbe eyes of England than any other mem- ber who ever stood on its floor-then, if he does this I confess for one we aro bound to reconsider our opinions again. For myself I will say that although I am ready to forgive cheerfully anybody who assails mo from motives that are not discredit- able to him, if a man had charged me with having seized the public funds and dis- tributed them among myself and friends illegally suspending an Act of Parliament for what would literally be fraudulent purposes -whatever political changes might como, I would not touch him with my_ boot ("Oh, oh," and cheers.) And now, sir, I have spe- cified two members I referred to at these banquets-the hon. member for Dundas (Mr. Macpherson), whose explanation I accepted ; and the hon. member for West Melbourne (Mr. Langton), whose explanation I trust to hear byandbyo. I also referred to tho bon. member for Richmond (Mr. Francis), but I will say that except upon one occasion, in relation to the new pre emptive right, when it WttB part of the necessary narrativo as I conceived to state how it originated, tho reference to the hon. member for Richmond was simply badinage, which he had no good ground to complain of. I said nothing that would wound the feelings *aüj or impugn the honour of the hon. member. I simply spoke of him in that fashion as part of the by-play of political life, which I did not think and which I do not think the hon. mora herwould feel justified in complaining of. But, sir, suppose tho hon. member does complain. Then I wish to say that one of the faults of the hon. member's character, which I took the liberty of referring to just now, is a rathor free criticism about his competitors and op- ponents in their absence. A member of tho House, whom 1 also see on the far side of it, stated some timo ago that for seven years-or perhaps it was five years-he was whipped up to vote upon every test division when the M'Culloch Government was in danger, and that on such occasions the hon. member for Richmond would say to him, "You will get Duffy if you don't do this." (Laughter.) I have had three contested elections since I returned from Europe, and in every one of them I found the heavy hand of the bon. member for Richmond against me. Mr. FRANCIS.-r thank you for the com- pliment, but was not aware of it. (Laughter.) Mr. DUFFY.-What, the heaviness of the hand ? Well, sir, it was not very heavy. (Renewed lauphter.) In those three contested elections I think the hon. member for Rich- mond acted upon the other side. I will very humbly submit that, although political con- tests and political questions are perfectly fair, I had a reasonable claim to be a member of this House, and the bon. member might have permitted me to como in without an absolutely futil6 contest-putting me to expense, nothing more. That was the third bon. member I referred to. The only other member I alluded to was tho hon. member for Mornington (Mr. Purves). But, sir, I will not take this occasion to go into the grounds upon which I felt it necessary to refer to that bon. member, but I wish to remind him that be promised his constituents to call my atten- tion, and that of the House, to the statement I made respecting him, and it beseems him to do so. Mr. PURVES.-I stated my opinion of you in the paper, with which you ought to bo satisfied. Mr. DUFFY.-Well, sir, I will to-morrow at the proper time ask the hon. member if he means to refer to the subject, and if ho does not, I shall. Mr. PURVES.-I leave you to lead off. Mr. DUFIY.-And now, sir, having re- ferred to every member whom I named or alluded to in those after-dinner speeches, and having justified the course I took with respect to all except the hon. and learned member for Dundas (Mr. Macpherson), and justified that also, I think, by the impression existing in my mind-having I say passed them in review, now perhaps I may be permitted to pay some attention to bon. members whom I did not at- tack, but whoattacked me, (Ministerial cheers.) I think, sir, that during the long debates we have been engaged in here there have been two or three finely marked effects. The bon, member who walked across the lloor produced a fine effect, but what was that to the thrill that must bave passed through the minds of young membors, to whom he is merely a tradition or a myth, when suddenly up rose the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker), to shake off the dust from his shoes against the present Government. (Laughter and cheers.) I allude to Mr. Harker, the non. member for Collingwood. Of course, sir, those young members who accept the tradi- tion that has managed to get itself somehow established about the bon. member, thought that tbe milk of human kindness in the bon. member's bosom was turned into curd with vexation and consternation that he should have such a task to pet form. (Laughter.) But they did not know that he was animated by the black bile of personal malignity. (Cries of "Ob, oh," "Withdraw," and confu- sion ) Mr. FRANCIS hoped that the Chief Secre- tary and leader of the Houso would think fit to withdraw the expression be had just used with reference to such an old and very much respected member of the House, (Hear, hear.) He could not have used a more con- centrated bitter term than to say that the hon. member was actuated by the black bile of personal malignity. He not only charged him with motives, but with those of a most bitter and personal character. The SPEAKER.-No bon. member is justi- fied in attributing motives to another, and the Chief Secretary's own judgment Mr. DUFFY.-May I respectfully sugzest that you allowed tho bon, member for Col- lingwood (Mr. Harker) specifically to state that I had voted for the abolition of stato aid to religion in order to mako my way into the Government-that you allowed the lion, member to make an imputation of a mojt grossly offensive personal character against me. My turn has come to answer him, and I purpose doing do. If I have made an impu- tation upon the hon. member that the circumstances I shall state do not bear out, the weight will fall upon me. (Cries of "Oh, oh," and "Hear.") The SPEAKER.-Tho Chief Secretary will allow me to say it does not become me, as Speaker, to translate the remarks an hon. member may think fit to make. I noticed that the hon, member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker) made one of tbo most offensive remarks that possibly could be made in this House ; but, at the same time, it was not made so that I was justified in interfering, and it is not for me to couple the remarks an bon. member may make with any other hon. member. I merely translate what are the orders of the House. It does not become me to interfere, and as a rule I do not wish to, except when some hon. member calls my attention to what has been said. Mr. DUFFY.-I have only to observe that if I or any other member of the House make imputations upon a member which he does not proceed to justify, so much the worse for himself. The House is sitting in judgment, and the Houso has its ears open, and so have people outside, and nobody can take that course with impunity. Mr. GILLIES.-I am obliged to rise to order. If the leader of the House uses tho language tho Chief Secretary has done, where will it end? He has attributed a personal motive to the bon. member for Collingwood for the course he took in a recent debate. He has attributed not only a personal and poli- tical reason to him, but a malignant reason also. If the Chief Secretary and leader of the House is permitted to lead off a debate with such language, it will be impossible to pre vent otber bon. members from continuing it. In fact, it will not be possible for you, Mr. Speaker, to sit in that chair if conduct of this kind is allowed to pass unchallenged. The SPEAKER.-I have before stated that I think tho Chief Secretary, in attributing a malignant motive to the hon. member for Collingwood, is out of order, and, in deference to the high position he holds in the House and in the country, he should withdraw it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DUFFY.-I always obey the chair, and as it is considered I ought to withdraw the expression I will withdraw it, and proceed with my narrative. (Hear, hear.) The text of my narrative is withdrawn, but I will pro- ceed with the narrative, and the House will judge of it. Twelve years ago it wa9 my fortune, or misfortune, to be the colleague of the bon. member for Collingwood, and I assert that at any time between that time and this à fortiori, any time during the existence' of the present Government, the bon. mombor for Collingwood would bave been well pleased of an opportunity of making the pronuncia .mtnto he made the other night, and, there- fore, the sudden necessity he found upon himself to deliver his statements about me scarcely corresponded with tho desire and in- tention which existed à priori in his mind, I say 12 years ago I was a colleague of the bon. member for Collingwood in the Government, and I bad some controversy with the head of the Government on public questions, and I left the Government. After I left it. it was asserted in some of the newspapers that the ground of my leaving was a controversy with the bon. member for Collingwood, the Treasurer in that Administration ; and, sir, I took occasion to deny in tbo most emphatic manner that so trivial a cause had produced my withdrawal, the cause of it being a controversy with the head of the Government. However, the sub- ject turned up in this House in October, 1859, and it then appeared that the bon. member for Collingwood had two grounds of complaint against me. I request the House to listen to these two grounds of complaint, and endea your to hnrnmnno them willi the posi- tion of neutrality in connexion with the Government which the hon. member for Collingwood rt'Ctnlly desired to occupy. Now, the first ground of quarrel-I was Commis- sioner of Roads anti Bridges and be was Treasurer-wua this. Ho put upon the Esti- mates, as Treasurer, £4,000 to bo expended in his own constituency on a street not far distant, from his own residence, and I struck tho £4,000 off the Estimates. Afterwards, in my absence, he managed to get the sum on aeain, and I had at last the choice forced upon me either of breaking up the Government or of allowing tbo bon. member to have the money voted, which vote I resisted because it was contrary to jaw. I contended then, and it would bo obvious to any one familiar with the Local Government Acts, that the money I expended on the streets of a town ought to come out of the grant to tho municipality. However, be being Treasurer, managed to get that vote through tho House, after the résistance of the Minister of the department, and after I had struck it off the Estimates. That was his first ground of complaint. The second was this. Out of the city of Mel- bourne toll was paid at the whole of tho bridges over tbe river-for instance, between Richmond and Prahran, between Richmond and Hawthorn, and between Melbourne and St. Kilda-but the Johnston-street bridge was about to bo opened then, leading into Colling- wood, and the hon. member being member for Collingwood, wanted to havo it -free from all toll. I insisted upon applying to the constituents of the hon. member the same rule as applied toother constituents, and that was the second cause of complaint of the bon. member. Well, I left office, as I say, and when Parliament met a voto of want of confidence was levelled against the Govern- ment for various crimes and misdemeanours charged upon them. One of the charges brought against tho Government, and pushed home by the then member for St. Kilda (Mr. Michie), was that the bon. member for Col- lingwood, with Henry Miller, had advanced money, as Mr. Michie said, at l8 per cont. to tho railway contractors engaged in the work of this country, and if the contractors failed to carry out the works the members of tho Government would not bo in a position to onforco against thom the proper penalties for non-performance of their work-at all events, that there would be such a strong disposition not to enforce the penalties, that no men ought to put themselves in such a position as the membors of tho Government were. Mr. Michie then used very strong language. He said the then Treasurer was a trading politician. I will read what he said. The hon. member quoted from Hansard the following extracts : "If there is any tradiog politician in tbis community it is tbo hon. membor himself, and I will prove it to him if he will hear me for a few minutes.Is it not disgraceful when the bon. tho Treasurer, actuated, not by that love of approbation which bas been attributed to him, but by a far lower and grosser motive, turns his atten- tion to heap up worldly wealth, utterly regardless of the high duties he owes to the country and tbo respect duo to his col- leagues." Then the hon. and learned member for St. Kilda went on to say that during his occupa- tion of office he had made certain members of Parliament magistrates. I happened to be one of them, and the hon. member for Collingwood was the other, and Mr. Michie actually proceeded to say that if hebad been ac- quainted with these transactions ho would have hesitated to confer upon the hon. member for Collingwood tho very honourablo position of magistrate. [The bon. membor quoted Mr. Micbie's words irom Hansard, vol. 5, p. 55, as follows:-"On going over tho list I found among others tbo name of the hon. and learned member for Villiers and Heytesbury (Mr. Duffy), and I say that although he had been opposed to me, and from time to time we had passages of arms, I remarked that I could not say he was not fit to bo a magis- trate, and I passed his name together with that of the Treasurer, although had I known thon as much as I do now of that gentleman (Mr. Harker) I might have acted differently."] Now, sir, that attack upon the Government was followed by the largest majority which was ever obtained against a Go- vernment in this House. The motion of want of confidence-was carried by more than tinco to one. Now, sir, I have narrated my relations with the hon. member, and I will ask bon. members of this House to con- sider whether, when the hon. member the other night stood up and spoke against me with all the solemnity of the ghost of Hamlet's father, these recollections I bavo mentioned bad ever beon out of his mind, and whether ho was not glad of the oppor- tunity to assail me' in a recklessl and un- justifiable manner. But, sir, I am told I bave committed another sin, and a more recent one, against the hon. member. He recently resigned his office of commissioner of education. When his resignation came to me I had not tbo slightest knowledge why he had resigned. Hu did not send in any reason for his resignation, and whon I brought it before my colleagues, they were unanimously of opinion that wo had no option but simply to accept it. Mr. HARKER.-I did not intend to leave you any other option. Mr. DUFFY.-And I must confess, for my part, I had no compunction at taking that course. ("Hoar, hear," and laughter.) He who rules over freemen, the poet says, must himself be freo, and it is not at all an un- reasonable expectation that a gentleman who rules the education of a community should have something of education himself. Sir, if before then I thought the hon. member not fit for such a position, I havo since seen circumstances which proved that conviction tome in the most conclusive manner. I think, sir, hon. members of this House must have read the proceedings at the meeting of the Blind" Asylum Committee. The hon, member, as chairman of that institution, delivered himself of sentiments which, if they had been put by Swift in his cynical humour into the mouth of some politician in Gul- liver'8 Travels, would have beon thought too extraordinary. It was charged against the bon. member that it was very wrong that Catholic and Jewish ladies should be excluded from the committee of the institution. He justified that, and said there were some dozen Catholics among tho pupils, and that religious books had been prepared for their instruction -that is to say, Protestantreligious books and if Catholics were admitted on the com- mittee, no doubt they would be interfering about the committee's mode of teaching religion. Now, I ask hon. members to re- verse the case, and ask them if that had been done in Spain or Italy, whether it would not have been considered the utmost bigotry to insist upon thrusting on Christian children books prepared for another denomination, and to keep their friends off the committee in order that they might do that successfully. Sir, I am quite sure from my connexion with the hon. member, especially long ago though I was younger then, for it is more than a dozen years since my connexion with him, and I may then sometimes have been troubled with his dul ness and impatient of it-that a man of tho world should know that an angry woman once offended is not half so unforgiving as conceited imbecility. And now, sir, 1 come to another point among tho charges against me, re echoed by the bon. member who last addressed the Houso, suggested by various mombers before, put in the most offensive way in the newspapors, and em- ployed first in tbis debate by the bon. member (Mr. Cohen), in the words-"what [would William Nicholson say if he saw the leader of tho freetrade party associated with the pro- tectionists ?" I desire to say a word or two upon that subject. I believe there have beon freo-trade organisations in this country, and no doubt there was a free-trado party in this House to fight the question of the tariff, but sir, I never had the slightost connexion with any free-trade organisation in tbis country-not the slightest. I was not in this House when the question of tho tariff was fought ; I wus in Europe. Sinco I returned to the House the question did not present itself in any mutiner for great deliberation until the recent tariff of Mr. Francis was prest nted. No doubt, sir, I havo always beon by conviction a freetrader, but I say this-and it is a fact I wish to call tho attention of the House to-I was the first public man in this country who called attention to the exception which Stuart Mill suggests as applicable to the fostering of industries in a new country. I tupgesled also a system of bonuses, illustrated by this image-that when you em- ployed protection it was like rain falling on plants that wanted it and did not want it, andmhat the system of bonuses might be em eea in tbo same manner as the Yan Yean j to any plant which required it. (Laugh- ter.) Now, Sir, I came into office 11 years ago, and I placed these opinions in my ad drees to my constituents then. I will read on extract from that address, which will speak conclusively upon that point. I soid : "But prior to the late election I explained to you my conviction that what protectionists aim to accomplish by protective duties might bo accomplished more effectually without violating any of the principles of free trade ; that it is tbe duty of the state to aid in planting now industries for which unusual fadlitús exist (in the abundance of the raw matt liai, for example), by subsidising manu- facturing enterprises within curtain limits fur a ftw stars till llu-y have reached a point at which they moy maintain a competition on more equal terms with long established litáis. I read you the dicta of political economists, from Adam Smith to John Sluart Mil), sanctioning this doctrine. My colleagues (who do not all concur with me) havo authorised tho appointment of a com- mission of practical men to report upon the piobnhle effect of such an experiment in this country. For myself, I feel confident it furnishes the only safe, fair, and unobjec tionable method of stimulating local enter- prise." Now, sir, that is the opinion I oxpressed 11 j ears ago, before this contest came into this House. That opinion over and over again I urged upon this House, and when the bon. member for Richmond got his original vote to encourage special indus- tries-the bon. member, I think, will bear me out-bo asked me to suggest rules for the application of them, because I maintained the views 1 havo stated. Sir, did that justify the declaration that I was the leader of the free-trade party? I was a freetrader who felt that the exceptional condition of a new country riquiicd exceptional treatment, and I proposed tho treatment in this Houso. And now, to carry out the subject further, some bon. member-I think it was the hon. member for tho Ovens- suggested that I bad first endeavouied to make a free trade Government and then to make a pro- tectionist Government. Sir, that statement is absolutely without any foundation in truth. When the Governor thought proper to send for me to undertake the formation of a Government, I set to framing a Government that would fairly represent tho majority who turned out the previous Government, With- out personal predilections, acting on public principles and on public grounds, I applied to the gentlemen who seemed to mo to repre- sent with tho most capacity and ability the two parties in this House, whom I hoped to unite for tbo purposes of making such a com- promise as would fairly settle this question. But so far is it from being true that I first applied to freetraders and then to protec- tionists, that, on the evening I carno to this House to announce that the Governor had communicated with me, I, before I left, sent a message to tho lion, gentleman, the present President of the Board of Land and Works, and to my old colleague, the late hon. Treasurer, asking them to meet me next morning, as I considered both of those gentle- men indispensable to any Government that would fairly represent the mojority in the House that displaced Sir James M'Culloch. On that subject I desire to say no more ; my opinions havo not altered substan- tially at all. Eleven years ago I desired to see local industries stimulated in a manner that seemed to me reasonable and consonant with the proposals of John Stuart Mill. But the country took a different course. By a large majority, as ever) body knows, the country determined to have, instead of a system of bonuses, protec- tive duties, and tho people of this country aro supreme. (Cheers.) I pass now very rapidly to touch on anothersubject, which I was not allowed adequately to explain when I desired to do so by way of personal explanation. The bon member for Dundas charged on me tbo other night that whereas I havo declared I never did say anything about enabling free selectors to mortgage their property, the hon. member for Richmond had charged on me that 1 was a party to a very dangerous pro- posal of that nature ; that whereas I said I was not, be had found a paragraph in my speech delivered at Kyneton in which I said tiiat my bon. colleague, the President of the Board of Land and Works, was going to do -what?-enable free selectors to mortgage? no; but to take their property out of the hands of the money-lenders My project was to enable free selectors, by endorsing their licences to the Board of Land and Works, to procure money from institutions that woufd have no desire, as a private mortgagee might have, to grasp a wide domain. It was a project sug- gested in some correspondence between tbe Board of Land and Works and some local society. That project was canvassed in nearly ever newspaper in the colony in March and April. The bon. member for Richmond spoke on 1st May. I naturally thought, und I confess I still think, ho was ap- plying himself, not to an obscure sentenco in a speech delivered nearly a year bofore, but to a project that was recently mooted in all the newspapers, that was still recent. The hon. member had said, however, that he was not referring to any clamour that bad been made in the newspapers, but to the speech I gave &t; Kyneton. In this country, a number of people who cannot be induced to bolieve in anything else, believe in spirit-rapping, in spiritism. For my own part, I should almost bo prepared to join that sect if I could accept the fact that it was the distant and obscure (peech and not the recent clamour that attracted the attention of the hon. member for Richmond. One other point, and I will grapple moro specifically with this motion. It bas been alleged over and over again in this de- bate, and still more emphatically in the news- papers, of which the debate in that respect was but a faint echo, that I violated the duty of a constitutional Minister in going to the people and talking to them of tho Ministerial policy. We were told what Ministers should and should not do. It seems to mo that bon. members who spoke thus were thinking of Ministers in the reign of George III., not of Queen Victoria. Mr. Gladstone, tbe present Premier of England, before opening the now current session, stated the policy of the Govornment before the opening of Parliament. And to whom did he state it ? To an open-air meet- ing at Greenwich. (Cheers, and an Hon. Member.-"Thoy were his constituents.") The hon. member will admit that every year it has been the practice of the Minis- ters of the Crown in England to attend the annual dinner of the lord mayor, at which it is their habit to foreshadow their policy. (Cheers.) But, sir, I will save the bon. member for Bendigo from troubling himself about tbe lord mayor's dinner, and will call attention to the last fact in illustration of my argument. What did the last mail bring ns ? The leader of the Conservative party in England, de- siring to carry into the manufacturing dis- tricts what ho called the awakening of Conservatism, was invited to attend three meetings in the manufacturing districts. He answered that three meetings wero too much for him, but that he would be happy to go to Manchester. Was Manchester in the constituency of the right bon. the member for Buckinghamshire? (Cheers.) I am ex- tremely sorry that this preliminary matter has kept me so long, because I am only now coming to the appointments made by the Go- vernment to which subject attention has been directed by the amendment. I trust the House will feel that, in leading it through Ihe discursivo way I have travelled, 1 was movie g away impediments in order to ap- proach what is now the question, I would usk hon. members to remember that what- ever charges may be multiplied and reiterated against the Govornment in the newspapers, it would neither be light nor necessary to answer thom unless they are brought forward in the House. Any charge made outside that does not find an echo here is probably utterly untrue, because, if worthy to be made, it would be made here. (Cheers.) And I will say that, above and below the newspapers, there is another method of misleading the public mind, which method has been latterly in very active operation, Somewhere, in this city there is a pack of lies daily issued too bad even for the newspapers. I will state two or three as an illustration, that the House and the country may know the means employed to damage tho Govornment-the shameful means employed to deceive the country. Within one week since the opening of Parlia- ment theso circumstances have happened. One of my colleagues came in and said to mo, " 1 have been stopped in Collins-street by a person (who he named), who told mo the cause of the appointment of Mr. Dennis, late of the Kangatira, to tho piermastership at Williams- town, was that, being a Sydney man, he brought you an introduction from tho Catholic Archbishop of Sydney." ThatBtory was circu- lated. My hon, colleague, tho Minister of Railways, bad it repeated to bim on several occasions. Now I never heard Mr. Dennis's name mentioned except when it was sub milted for the appointment by a colleague, and I never got a recommendation from tho Archbishop of Sydney as to »any person whatever. Another of my col- leagues said, "It is greatly complained of, but I suppose it is not true, that Mr. John Holmes, because ho is a rabid Irish Catholic, has been put into the position of police magistrate. I am sorry that when that vacancy occurred-the official who died having been the only Catholic magistrate in this country-I did not insist on a Catholic being put in his place, not one of these sti- pendiary magistrates being a Catholic. (An Bon. Member.-"Whyare you sorry?") Be- cause Catholics have been unjustly set aside by Government after Government (Cheers and counter cheers,) But, so far from the story told to roy bon. colleague being true, my personal impression was, till I .heard of Mr. HolmeB's letter to-night, that he was an Orangeman. I gathered that frcm conversion« I had with him. But I belit-ve ho my« in bia letter he is not a member of any secret society. I first became acquainted with him some years ago, when he was introduced to mo hy the bon. number for Mandurang, of whom he was the chum and associate, and my personal im- pressions of bim were very favourable. I now_ positively assert that, when I consented to bia appointment, on the recommendation ol one or two of my colleagues, as a police magistrate, I had the impression with regard to him that I hove stated. I now come to another story, which I have traced to a foiroor member whom I do not chooso to name, but who certainly should not bave maligned me behind my back if bo had thought of their past relations. This former member has stated that I had displaced from the public service a Mr. M'Call because his brother in Ireland had been a political antagonist of mine. In Inland 1 never beard of a person of that name in any public position. If any person of that name bas been in a public position in Ireland since I left there, bia name has not ) et reached me, The commissioners, in the course of their inquiries, wrote me a letter to slate that Sir James M'Culloch had put Mr. M'Call into a temporary position, which ho had since maintained, and that payment of Iris salary was illegal. Was it my duty to maintain a man in office which the commis-, f-iouers had declared to be illegally occupied ? No ; I would havo removed bim if I had appointed him myself. I gave bim reasonable notice, and asked the registrar-general to giro him employment in his office. The vacancy caused by the removal of Mr. M'Call was filled up in this manner, and I desire the House and the country to note this, because I havo invariably endeavoured to apply the same principle to public appoint- ments. I got onotbor clerk, a superfluous one, cut of the sheriff's department, and put him into Mr. M'Call's place. Tho other place has not been filled, and we consequently save a salary. (Cheers,) Before passing to tbe ap pointment specially referred to in the motion, 1 desire to say that, while we were subject to llu se assaults outside the House, the bon. member for Ballarat, West, addressing him f elf to a different audience, had declared that, from our appointments, "No Irish need apply " should bo written on our door-posts. Now, which is true ? Are we unduly pre- ferring Irish, or does " No Irish need apply " apply to our courso of conduct? Sir, neither aro true. (Cheers.) I have to crave tbe in- dulgence of tho House, becauso I have reached an appointment which is mainly aimed at in this resolution, that of Mr. Cashel Hoey. I wish, Sir, circumstances bad per- mitted me to commence with this subject when I was fresher, but I have taken a course that seemed to mo necessary, and at last I have reached this sub- ject. If the House will favour me with its attention, I will demonstrate that the resolution is an unfair and unfounded one. (Ministerial cheers.) How did this appoint- ment of Mr. Cashel Hoey originate. V Of course, the theory of the Opposition on the subject is quite complete. "Duffy made the office, in order to give it to Hoey." How dots this theory correspond with the facts ? (Mr. Fn an oís.-"Hear.") I will prove this, that the determination lo appoint a secretary to the agent-general, and the conclusion that Mr. Hoey, one of the members of the Board of Advice in London, was a suitablo person for the appointment, existed in London before I knew a vacancy had occurred in tho agent generalship. I am prepared to show that there was no necessity for appointing a secretary to Mr._ Childers, and that tho intention of appointing the particular gentle- man selected existed in London before I could have communicated with London, or known any of the circumstances. (Cheers.) Hon. members who have been in office know very well that, just as the Governor of colony is in tho habit of sending along with his public despatches a confidential despatch or a private letter to the Secretary of State just as, the ambassador of a country, in addi- tion to his public despatches, is in the habit of writing privato letters to a Minister - so it has always beon tbo habit of the agent-general to commu- nicate to the Chief Secretary, in addition to his despatches, a letter on the current political affairs of England, so far as tbey are interesting to the colony. As respects any communications from Mr. Childers, that gentleman is 16,000 miles away, and, to me, they are sealed books. I do not wish it to bo supposed that, if they were available, I could find any proposal to justify what I have now stated. As I cannot use them, I desire to put them, like evidence legally rejected, absolutely out of court, as it were. But Sir Georgo Verdon is on this continent-he is in Sydney -and as he is a man of bonour and integrity, and knows the political exigencies of a contest like tbis, I tako the opportunity so far to trench on one of his confidential despatches as to read a single sentence from it, being lerfectly convinced that, if he was in Mel- bourne, he would put me at liberty to do so. 'J lie resignation of the agent-genoral was known here, I think, on the 27th of Novem- ber, or about the close of that month. On tbe 20th of December the mail went out. and in that mail I sent a letter which appointed Mr. Childers agent-general, and suggested that ho might havo o secretary. Well, sir, I om going to read an extract from a letter from Mr. Verdon, written in London in January. Mr. FRANCIS.-Was there no previous letter ? Mr. DUFFY.-The hon. gentleman suggests a previous letter, I say I had no intimation that Mr, Verdon was going to resign the ogent-generaiship. I made no previous com- munication suggesting that tbis arrange- ment which has taken place should be made. I could not, by any possibility, have made it. This is what Mr. Verdon said in his letter of January, 1872. An Hon. Member.-What was the date ? Mr. DUFFY.-It was towards the end of January. My letter was written on the la^t day of December. Well, sir, after expressing his conviction that Mr, Childers would be an ex- tremely effective agent-general, and stating the time he thought he would continue in the public service, he says, " But he must hnve a secretary, and has said so to you. I have told him bow well fitted Mr. Cashel Hoey io for such a post, and if he is authorised to appoint anyone he will appoint him." ("Hoar, hear," from the Government side of the House.) Now, sir, Mr. Verdon knew quite well, of course, that I had recommended Mr. Hoey to the office at the Board of Advice, and that I knew his character, and that I had tbo greatest respect and affection for bim ; but I knew no moro that there was any change by which Mr. Childers could come in and that a secretary could be appointed without any expense to this colony, than I know what could happen this time 12 months. The letter which I wrote in December, authorising Mr. Childers to appoint a secretary, arose horn an impression created in my mind by letters I had received specifying the duties that Mr. Verdon had undertaken, and which it was clear to mo that Mr. Childers could not. Now, I ask the House to consider fairly whether the appointment of a secretary was necessary under the circum- stances. That is the question. Mr. Ii'RANCIS.-In the office. Mr. DUFFY.-The bon. member had said that Mr. Yardley, tho chief clerk, was the one who ought to havo been appointed to tbis ellice. I say that the duties which the secre- tary undertakes aro functions which a clerk could not. I am about to specify some of the things which Mr. Verdon did, several of which it is not reasonable to expect that Mr. Childers would do in the midst of his political employ- ments. Tbe letters from the agent general's office in 1871 reached over 11,000 in one j ear, and the number in 1870 was much larger. Well, was it to be expected that Mr. Childers, with the paltry sum that remains when his pension is merged, would oven sign that number of letters. A larger proportion of the business of the agency, if not trans- acted by the agent general personally, must be tntiusted to a gentleman who hold a recog- nised status, which a clerk could not under- take. Ho bas toconduct correspondence with tho Imperial Government and with the heads of public institutions. Ho has to arrange with contractors, to tiansact the bank business, to seo all payments properly made, and to attend interviews on be- half of the agent-general. He .has to institute inquiries respecting questions referred from timo to timo by this colony to ibe agent-general. There are a few inquiries which I intended to set down on paper on questions which the Government have now in progress. Is it reasonable to expect that a clerk could ascertain what was done about prison labour in Europe, or that a respectable and intelligent clerk in the agent-general's office could obtain from engineers a decision npon the information asked for respecting the broad and narrow gauge? Or that he could procuro the information about tho drawbacks in England which the Commis- sioner of Customs desired to have sent him, or that be could get from the Postmaster General tbo information about the postal cards, or about tbo effect of tbo Education Act in England? The agont-genoral has to superintend tbe transmission to this country of military stores, of instruments, of books, and to attend to other matters of interest to the colony which, to be of tho slightest use want the vigilant attendance of a man of bctive intellect-a man of the world-a man whose position enables him to communicate with persons of a high class, and with pro fission al gentlemen. (Hear ) It is really useless to expect this from a clerk pro motcd from a desk. Sir, I will not speak disparagingly of Mr. _ Yardloy, for, from all I know of him, ho is worthy personally, but I say that it requires a man well known, a gentleman who can mix on equal terms with men of the highest class. Well, having shown I think that some such appointment was necessary, I reiterate now what I said when this question was originally started that it will not cost tho country one penny. Why, sir, we are going to poy for the agent general and the secretary for the agent general less than we have paid only for the agent general last year. We are going to pay, I repeat, Mr Childers and Mr Hoey less than we paid Mr. Verdon, bicuuse Mr. Childers received a pen non which will merge into the re venue, and thus enable this saving to the country to be made. (Hear ) Well, tuppose that such an appointment was i eu ssary, bave I taken any improper steps m making it? Tho only method the law pre t cubes in the matter is that tho agent general end his boaid shall appoint all officers re quncd to conduct the business The authority is given them by an alteration of the law t fftcted m the Upper House-an alteration in tho Immigration Act made against the will of tho Government of the day of which I was a number, and which gave the authority to the agent general and his board of advice, subject to ihe approval of the Governor m Council Well if this appointment had to be made, it had to be made by Mr Childers lind his board of advice And so it was made Tnero has been a suggestion thrown out, 'Why did not Duffy boldly appoint Hoey himself ' Why sir, Mr Duffy had not the power (Hear hear ) Ihe lion memborwho mo\ed the motion, Mr Ramsay, said that instead of increasing the staff we ought to 1 ave considerably reduced tho immigration sioff under the circumstances Why we have abolished the immigration stuff, and they taon t appear at all upon the Estimates The hifehest officer on that staff was a person t mployed in seeing the passengers away who nero selected I think he had £300 a year An HoN Member -£500. Mr DUFFY-Well, £500 a jeir I am not certain It was a sort of work eminently fitted for a person accustomed to seafaring life, but at all events that was not the sort of man we wanted for the purpose of communi eating with the Ministers of public depart- ments in England and with public institu dons (Hear, hear ) It bas been said, why did wo not appoint some colonist-any colo tust would bave been glad to have hod it fair, it seems to have escaped the recollection of the House tho circumstances under which i his appointment was made, and whereby it was made. It was conferred upon the gen- tleman who was appointed, as the saving could be effected by Mr. Childers' pension merging If Mr Childers ceases to be agent general, the office will cease to be. If lhere were no other objection, could we e ffer such on appointment to any man in ibis country, without compensating and tMthout providing against the probability of a change-could we ask him to go home and take an office of this sort, which might terminate before he bad arrived Mr Childers may be called again into the Govern ment at home, and the office would then tease It was suggested that we should have effered it to a member of this House. Well, nr, thanks to the bon. member for St Kilda, Mr Fellows, a clause was put into the Officials in Parliament Act, providing that no member tball be capablo of being appointed to any ( ffice, except a judge of the Supreme Court, lor six months alter he bos left Parlia ment This appointment could not wait for «i_ montbB in addition to the three months it would take to get home , indeed, the office could not wait for six weeks Mr. MACPHERSON was understood to observe that tho appointment need not havo been temporary Mr DUFFY-The hon member for Dundas will see in Mr Childers' communication with Mr Hoey that he says " This appointment is conferred upon you only while I continue iifeent general ' Mr MACPHERSON-Why would not another agent general require a secretary ' Mr DUTFY -The next agent general would give his whole time If we pay him £1,500 a year we aro fairly entitled to sup pose that ho will give his whole time Well, then I come to another statement, which I am glad to bave reached The hon member for Williamstown, fairly and fr^akly and bioadly, stated what was only indicated and whispered elsewhere, that Mr Hoey was an lush rebtl, and ought not to have been appointed Well fir 1 say those charges were made against Mr Hoey in a gross, shameful und disingenuous manner by the newspape that made them I mean The Argus Wha tud they do' Tbej quoted on oxtractfrom the Nation, saying this is the way Hoey wrote ti bout the Queen when ho was editor ile newspaper, a sentence being quoted fiora the paper which, appeared in it sovera' sears before Mr Hoey was connected with it Mr Hoey became connected with it in August 1855, and the extract was from a paper of 1S52 or 1853. It was said by the bon mern brr for Williamstown, bad he not excited and stimulated the rebellion in Ireland ' Sir, the A ation existed before the attempted msurrec tion m '48 and for what occurred before that insurrection Mr Hoey is no more responsible than the bon member for Williamstown, because ho was a boy at school, or a graduate at college. I may be held responsible, and I never did shirk that responsibility. But as respects Mr Hoey, I nover set ijcs on him before 1852, when the Nation under altered circumstances had applied itself to what it hoped to accomplish then-the disestablishment of the Irish Church and the security of the tenant right for the lush tenants One day in that year I bad the good fortune to secure the co operation of three }oui)g men. All of them wero undor 20 years of age, and Mr Hoey was the youngest. The tinto were contributors to tbe-iVaiiora Mr Hoey was ono, Edward Butler who was tworn in last week as Attorney General for ihe colony of Now South Wales, was another , and the tbird was Mr Doylo who died in the employment of tho identical journal that was utsailmgMr Hoey The only thing which has been said truly against Mr Hooy is the charge implied from a speech given by him in tho historic town of New Ross Many towns in Ireland were noted for one siege, but New Roes is famous for two-one by Cromwell und the other in 98 Mr Hoey, who was now not more than 40 years of age, and who then was not more than 20, made a speech, and said, as I daresay ho would now in addressing himself to an historic recollection in an his tone town-he sold in this famous town that he himself bad, ho thought, there two anees tors who distinguished themselves m the two sieges with which the town was connected One in tho Cromwelhan siego and tho other was hanged in '98 I can tell hon members that there are few families in Ireland of distinction who have not had a member sacrificed in some contest carried on in that island. Wo Irishmen are not ashamed of that As well might Earl Rue-ell be ashamed that his ancestor laid his head on the block in the reign of the Stuart Mr. Hoey afterwards became a barrister of the English bar. Ho has lived in London since, »na had no connexion with Irish politics. Let me say that I havo no doubt had he lived in Ireland his sympathies would bo naturally with those of the Irish people. I should bo ashamed if they were not I ask the bon and learned member for Man- durang whether it is any outrage for young Irishmen to sympathise with the struggles of the Irish Mr Hoey, at all events, can be absolved from the charge of raising rebellion Now I really wonder how many men m this House havo any notion what tho Nation was -what its position was. If I thought proper to put my hands upon books in tua library, I could find one that carno by the las mail indeed, a book by Mr Lecky, who i no doubt one of tho most distinguished writer in England, who has succeeded Buckle as the historian of Rationalism, as one of the modern philosophers, that speaks of the Na (ion in a way that I need not hesitate to say gate me a thrill of satisfaction, The Nation was a journal that existed for upwards of a quarter of a century, and never, except once was prosecuted for a private libel, and that was for an article from my pen denouncing a quack advertisement. (Laughter.) Tho Nation is a journal which has assisted in forcing determinedly upon public attention the national rights of Ireland. That was its mission. It kindled in the joung men of Ireland literary aspirations which filled the libraries of not merely Ireland but England with books, and some of the best men of England refer to them with pleasure and satisfaction. There is not a country in Europe-no, that is saying too much-there is scarcely a country in Europo that bas not established, sinco the Nation} a newspaper called the Nation, in imitation of it. There aro two journals of the name in France, one in Italy, one in Belgium, one in Germany, one in the United States. And sir, though I have lived 50 years and upwards in tho world, there ure hanging over my chiraneypiece at Haw- thorn the portraits of two men, once young men who weie associated with me in the foundation of tbo Nation ; because, long as I bave lived, I have never mot on the faco of this earth moro gifted, more upright, or moro distinguished men than Thomas Davies and John Dillon. (Cheers.) One the son of a Welsh military doctor, the other descended from the old Celtic race. Thoso two°men, whom I knew and loved, were patriots, if ever there weie patriots on the face of tho earth. Thoy stamped the impress of their character on the Nation, and for many a long day whoever lind a hand in that paper felt it to be a sacred duty not to disgrace the character and career of those two brave and good men. (Cheers.) Now, since I bave shown that a determination to appoint a secretory to tho agent general, and to appoint Mr. Hoey, existed in London, if I wrote a private letter to Mr. Childers tecommending him as eminently suitable, may I ask what was the objection to that course? (Hear, hear.) I recommended him to Sir James M'Cullocb, and if Sir James M'Culloch said that the ad vico was very good, «hy should I not recommend him to Mr. Childers ns well as to Sir James M'Culloch? 1 could not appoint him in one case or tho other myself. If I wanted any reason in addition to my conviction of the character and capacity and fitness of that gentleman, I would have it in this, tbat for the last two or three years, at] my request, at my instance, instigated by me, Mr. Hoey has made himself eminently useful to this colony. As I said before, he once induced tbe eminent artist Mr. Herbert, and tbe eminent ciitic Mr. Ruskin, to give their assistance in selecting pictures for the National Gallery in Mel I oumo, and over and over again may be found m Sir George Verdon's correspondente the Maternent that when particular information was wanted he got it from Mr. 'Cashel Hoey before he became a member of i ho Board of Advice. It seoms to mo wiso policy, in any country, if it gets services of this nature, to take caro when the opportunity arises to recognise them. (Hear, hear.) But then I am asked why I did not state to the House that I recom- mended Mr. Hoey. When the hon. member tor Williamstown ventures to say that I i quivocoted when I was asked the question, that statement, at all events, is absolutely without foundation. When the hon. member for West Melbourne asked me, I answered bim directly, as with a musket-shot. The hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker ) said that after two questions wore put, he believed it had been drawn out of me. That is a misstatement, and with- out the slightest shadow of fact. The moment the bon. member for West Mel- bourne asked mo I answered. (Mr. Harker interjected a question.) Why did not I volunteer the information? Is it tho prac- tico when an appointment is made for the person who confers it and has the power of making it, to specify who recommended it ? Why, the majority of hon. members on both sides bavo recommended persons for employ- ment, but it would be absurd to make the Governor in Council say that they had ap- pointed John Brown to such an office, and lhat Mr. John Smith had recommended him. It was quite time enough to say anything on that point when I was asked, and the moment I was asked I answered. It was no I art of the res ges lae. Mr. Childers and the Board of Advice had the power in law to make the appointment whether I recom- mended or not, it was no part of the process. But-, instead of that I answered promptly and clearly that I had recommended the uppointment. If I had wanted any ad- ditional reason why I did not state this iu the first instance, let me point out that I would have taken more responsibility than actually lay upon mo if I had said the appointment was made at my recom- mendation, inasmuch, as it is plain from Mr. Verdon's letter that, although I had i.ot sent the letter, nevertheless Mr. Hoey, as a member of the board eminently suitable, would probably have been selected for this i iii ce. In dealing with tbis particular q uestion i be bon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker), when he wanted to know why I had not promptly and clearly slated that it was done at my in- stance _ could not sufficiently suppress his indignation. Let us compare his doctrino v. ith his practice. The other night, when the question of tho appointment of Mr. Dennis was dealt with, did he tell the House that he bad recommended it ? Not a syllable ; on the contraiy, when his name was mentioned, he got up and mado his statement, which, to uso his own phrase, was only a part of the truth, and a minute part of it-'¿I did sign a general recommendation that tbis gentleman should have a Government appointment" 'lhat is how he describd it beforo the docu- ment was read. Now does the document correspond with that statement? This is what he said-"We believe him to be emi- nently qualified for the appointment." For what-" Forthe appointment he now seeks that of pioimaster to the Victorian Rail- way pier at Williamstown." Before bon. members set themselves to lecture a compeer in this House they ought to take caro that their practice squares with their doctrine. One document and I am done with ibis part of the case. When this notico of motion was given I felt it my duty to send this telegram to Sir George Verdon in Sjdcey : "Telegram to Sir George Verdon, C.B., Sydney. "Cashel Hooy's appointment is to bo re- sisted in the Assembly on Tuesday. Can you say anything respecting it ? "(Signed) C. Gavan Duffy. "Melbourne, 18th May." To which Sir George Verdon sends this answer : " Tolegram to Hon. C. Gavan Duffy. "Message received. Childers approved. Said he could not act without a socrotary. Board approved, but thought Hooy should not continue a member. Ho is highly quali- fied for official position: "(Signed) Geo. Verdon. "E. S. and A. C.Bank." (Cheers.) I havo said all that it seems to me necessary to say on the appointment of Mr. Hoey, and I put it to any bon. member in ibis House whether he can vote for that part of this motion which charges me with acting disingenuously in this matter whon in fact this appointment would have been made if I had beon absolutely still, and when asked the truth I answered clearly and promptly. (Cheers, and loud cries of " No, no.") I teally think it would bo more correct not to clamour me down. Mr. FRANCIS.-The appointment could not havo been made without you. Mr. DUFFY.-The bon. membor will have rm opportunity of answering mo when I am done, I tiust I have satisfactorily dealt with that branch of the question. I pass to another, which I am glad tho bon. moraber for Williamstown brought out in a sufficiently clear and detailed manner to enable mo to deal with it. Hitherto, it has only been binti d nt, or referred to by inuendoes. I refer to the suggestion that I had offered an appointment to tho bon. and learned member for North Gipps Land, and a railway to Gipps Land, in order to get a seat for my son. Aftor I had spoken in the former debato somebody asked me why 1 did not tell them anything on that subject. Tho reason was that the hon. membor for Richmond did not make the slightest allusion to it but now it is alluded to I shall not hesitate to toll them somothing about it. At the close of last session the hon. member for North Gipps Land' (Mr. Smyth) communicated to mo his desire of retiring from Parliament and getting promotion inhis profession, instead of proceed- ing further with politics. When the hon. and learned 'member made that com- munication to mo, what answer does tbo House think it was my duty to moko? Is the bon. member not fairly entitled to pro- motion in his profession? Tbis House bad selected him as Chairman of Committees-a distinction which I myself hold much above that of being appointed a Crown prosecutor, He has been a long time in his profession \- a long timo in politics. I don't think tbo promotion finally offered to him could bo fairly considered to bo beyond his merits. It is just, however, to say that tho bon. membor suggested himself that there wero County Court judges going [ home, and ho ought to bo mado a-County Court judgo. That was his own osti motion of what he considered proper If a member of the House of Commons who is a barrister had gone to Mr. Gladstone, k would have been appointed next morning to tiny office in his gift, and the reason wo con not moke an appointment hero in tho samo way has already been stated by the bon. and learned member for St Kilda, Mr. Fellows, wbo bos never failed to show his contempt for this Parliament When ho was a membor of the Upper House he moved an amendment in the Officials in Parliament Bill which mode it impossible, the amendment being carried, to confer upon any membor of Par- liament until he had ceased to be a member for six months any office except one. 'Tho hon. member has pretensions to be a judgo of tbe Supremo Court, and a judge of i he Su píeme Court may be appointed off hand. I toy, sir, it seems to me, if any exception was to be made, that the very office which might be reasonably held unsuitable for a man Inking an active part in politics, isajudgeship of the Supreme Court I don't think a man could do much hann as Crown prosecutor ; but if a partisan wero made a judge he might do a great deal of barm. What answer did I gue Mr. Smyth?-"The Officials in Parlia- ment Bill is in operation. If you think proper to retire now, at the end of six months, if I have any patronage at my disposal, I will givo my word that you shall have promotion." Was that improper in any respect? Is he not as well entitled to promotion as any other member of the profession ? The bon. momber whoframed this law said that that was ovading tbe law. It is clearly allowed. Wo proposed to appoint him when ho bad fulfilled the renditions of the law-not o day before. ' What is there to requiro that he should wait longer than six months, if he thought proper to take the responsibility of going out of Par- liament for his own behoof and pleasure, and take the risk, in a countiy where political changes are bo frequent, of the same Govern- ment being in office at the end of the time ? The arrangement was absolutely unobjection- able, if he was entitled to promotion, as I say be was. There was no office vacant at the time, and having expressed his views gene- rally, there was nothing more to be done. Some months afterwards Judge Macoboy died, and as 1 make it a rule to keep promises to men 1 sent for Mr. Smyth and said,-"I promised when the opportunity came to ptomote you in your profession-that I would recommend you to my colleagues. Thora is a judgesbip which we are going to give to a Crown prosecutor, so that there will bo a Crown prosecutorsbip vacant if you think fit to accept it." The hon. and Iturned member carne to the conclusion not ' to accept it ; and so I had done what I pro- mised, and there was an end of it. And, of tbo two, I was much better pleased that he n mained in tho House, and made an election unnecessary. After that I don't know what time elapsed-a month or six weeks ; I was down in that retirement which seems to be so much envied, and so much commented on in the newspapers. I was a recluse at Sorrento, until, to my extreme astonishment, one evening Mr. Smyth arrived there, with- out any notice-(a lough)-and he told me that he bad altered his mind, and that it was his intention to resign ; that bo was tired of Parliament, and would take the Crown prosecntorship, which might lead to some promotion. I said I should very much prefer that he did not resign, but I was bound by my word, and would recommend the law officers to appoint him if ho continued of that opinion. Upon the some evening my eldest son, Mr. John Duffy, whom Mr. Smyth had never seen before, carno down to Sorrento. He had travelled with Mr, Smyth, and did not know who he was. And I declare upon my honour and conscience the question of filling up Mr. Smyth's vacancy had never crossed his lips or mine. Up to that time be did not know that Mr. Smyth had ever determined on resigning. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Smyth and my son travelled, together and made acquaintances coming over in tho boat Irom Queenscliff, because, they told mo, they took separate conveyances from Geolong to Queenscliff, not knowing anything of each other. Alter Mr. Smyth determined to resign this atoto of things occurred. It was just after the Mornington election. My son has lived in Mornington several years, and when the vacancy occurred be told me his friends in that district wished bim to stand for Mornington, and he thought he would be successful. I told him I had promised to support Mr. Everard, and therefore I could not encourago him to come forward. Wben be heard of the new vacancy, he sug- gested he ought to be permitted to go to Gipps Land. For the first time I asked Mr. Smyth whether John Duffy would be returned for Gipps Land, and I hope the hon. momber will forgive me for giving his exact words, " 1 don't think he will ; there are too many Methodists there." (Much laughter.) Mr. F. L. SMYTH.-I did not say " too many Methodists." What I said was, that Mr. John Duffy would bo opposed to a large end influential body of gontlemen of a dif- ferent religions persuasion, and I mentioned the Wesleyan and Presbyterian bodies. (Laughter.) Mr. DUFFY.--I put it into too compressed a shape, it,seems. (Laughter.) However, my impression now is that my hon. and learned friend under-estimated the liberality of that district, for I do not think that religious feeling would have hten a serious clemont in the contest. Be that as it may, Mr. Smyth next morning returned to Melbourne. There was a deten- tion at Queenscliff for a day, and telegrams were then sent to Gipps Land asking whether John Duffy would be likely to be successful. Turning the matter over in my mind after these parties bad gone away, I came to the conclusion that it was undesirable, for various reasons-none of them, as far u» I can remember, referring to the candi- dates who had come into the fiold-that Jobn Duffy should bo a candidate ; and when be arrived in town, having occupied a duy on the road, be found a letter from me from Dromana, asking him not to do anything, but to keep the matter open until I came into town. When I did come into town, I found it was tele- graphed from Sale that John Duffy was going to bo a candidate ; that there was a groat desire to support him there ; and that he would certainly be returned, as I am fiimly persuaded he would have been had be contested the election. Then the newspapers commented upon tbe matter, aud put the in- terpretation on it which the hon. member for Williamstown (Mr. A. T. Clark) has put upon it, viz , that I bad bargained with Mr. Smyth to give bim a situation in consideration of my son taking his place. There is no foundation whatever for that. I became anxious to stop the 'matter going any further, that I might not bo put in a wrong position, and in order that my son should not come into public life with the imputation of having entered it in that manner. The bon. aud learned member for North Gipps Land thon wrote me his resignation. I had it either one day or two days. (Mr. F. L. Smyth. "One day.") I sent for him then, and told bim that I had a great disinclination to carry the matter any further, because be would be misrepresented. Ho replied tbat he had come to the same conclusion himself, and that from (be way the papers were treating him it would be undesirable for bira to enter upon an official position with the imputation resting upon him of having got it by sacrificing his seat. As far as 1 know there is nothing to be ashamed of in tho slightest Why should members of this Houso be excluded for evor from holding official positions? Is it not sufficient that they ' should bo excluded for six months after resignation? A word as to the other aspect ot tbe case. My son desired to be a1 candidate for North Gipps Land and why not? He is 27 years of agc, capable, and his University career will prove his education. Why should not he enter public life? (Hoar, hear.) I do not know one caso of a public man in a pro- minent position in England who bos o son who has not brought bim into Parliament ; hut, hero, out of tbo GO or 70 men who have been Ministers not one has brought a son into public lifo. It is my intention that my son sholl enter public life, and I shall encourage him to contest the constituency on an early occasion. I will now deal with some of tbb other appointments that have been rcfeired to, The bon. and learned momber for St. Kilda (Mr. Fellows) ought to have been here to-night after having levelled such imputations at Judge Dunne. (Hear, hear.) It bas been said that Mr. Dunne was ap- pointed because he was a political ally of mino in Ireland. Every ono who knows anything of Irish affairs knows that ho was a political antagonist of mine. I had no politicul and even no social intercourse with him except of the slightest sort until quito recently. I have no hesitation in saying that ho is as upright honourable, and capable a man as any on tho judicial bench in this country. The bon. and learned member for St. Kilda ought to havo been slow in making charges of that nature. The bon. and learned member has himself nppointed the whole of tho rest of the County Court Bench. In the original appointmonts he swept Temple Court Ho made a County Court judge of one man who literally had never held a brief, and appointed another with whom it was a moot-point whether ho was a lunatic. (Mr. Gillies.-"It is a great1 shame.") Of course it is impropor to lefer to such matters, although tho Opposi- tion may say what it likes of our appoint- ments. I will say without fear of contradic- tion that Mr. Dunno is as fit for a seat upon the Bench in this country as any person who boa preceded bim in that position. I would like to ask the bon. and learned member for Mandurang (Mr. Casey) whether a rumour prevalent at the time ho was Minister of Justice, that it was his intention, in case of a vacancy occurring, to promote Mr. Dunno to the County Court bonch, and Mr. Holmes to his place as Crown prosecutor, was not true? Mr. CASEY.-Thero was absolutely no foundation whatever for that : but, in justico to Mr. Dunne, I must say that tbero is no barrister in the colony whom I would bo better pk-osed to appoint. I morely reply to the question which bas been put to mo as to whether there is any foundation for tho rumour. Mr. DUFFY.-As regards Mr. Holmes enough bos been said. I believe that his appointment, which was made at the instance of some members of the Government who had a much larger knowledge of him than I had, is one which is not open to exception. I leavo tbe caso of the piermaster to the Minister with whoso department tho appointment rests, but I say this House will come to a miserable pass if members who go urging appointments upon Ministers aio per- mitted to como down to the Houso and make complaints becauso they oro not successful in procuring places for their friends. In what position do wo find ourselves hero ? Wo oro assailed on a vote of want of con- fidence for- appointing, among others, a pier master who was recommended by tho movor of tho motion-(cheers)-and who was re- commended by six or so ven other members of this House, including the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Haiker), who, of course, are not coming down to vote against us for doing tbe identical thing they recommended. Now, I havo done with tho appointments. 1 believe, on my honour, that no Govern- ment ever existed in tbis country which on the whole has administered its patronage in a moro unexceptionable manner. It is ridiculous to brine forward such a paltry case as that of Mr. Mooney. But, in regard to this, I may say that I am glad to have an opportunity of serving the son of a man who bad lavished his money for the public good. I icier to the late Mr. John Mooney, the squatter. The only remaining point-the Californian mail contract-is ono which I feel disposed to leave to the Minister of Lands, having traversed myself sucb a vast field. My hon. colleaugue is quite as well acquainted, with that subject as I am. When our postal scbenio as a wholo comes before the Honse I believe it will be found to bo tho most wise ' and liberal scheme as a whole that has ever been presented to Parliament. Hon. mem- bers ought not to accept one-sided > tatémente upon such a matter without giving Ministers an opportunity of debating it The question will bo debated when the sanction of Par- liament is asked. At prosont, you havo only heard one side of the question, which has been stated from interested motives. You havo not hoard the other side, which explains the wholo matter. And now, sir, ono' word in conclusion upon the position of tbis Government with respect to the country. This Government carno into office by no action of their own, but their acceptance of office bos been confirmed by tho almost universal assent of tho people of this country -over this wide colony, down to the present day, by warm, generous, and enthusiastic meet- ings in their behalf. I do not know whether in any former period of our history circum- stances have occurred to justify the conclusion that tho people accepted and confirmed tho policy of a Government more completely than they exist at tbis moment. Tho history of tbis Administration will be found-not printed in voluminous and factious debates in Hansard-it will be found in the living and flourishing population settled on the lands of this country-(cheers and laughter) -and engaged elsewhere in useful employ- ments. I believo the people are eager to seo our policy carried out. There is, of course, always opposition, but tho num- ber of persons who are anxious to see the public lands shut up against settlement, to seo another financial définit manufactured, and to see privato measures bung up for sovon years more, is not great The people havo accepted our measures.and inthenameof the pcoplo, and on behalf of the peoplo, it is our determination to urgo them on, and to main- tain and defend them by all legitimate means. It is recorded of Olivor Cromwell that whon ho saw for the first timo tbo goldon bay of Munster, he said to his soldiers, "Ob, my friends, tbis is a country worth fighting for." Modifying the language to suit our peaceful times, I say to the people of this country, " Ycu havo got possession of political power, you havo got control of tho country almost for tbo first time-(cheers and disapproba- tion)-toko care that it is not snatched away from you, for ob, my friends, this is a country worth fighting for." (Cheers.) I do not think, and I have never thought, that this Govern ment undertook an easy task. I havo not road history, I have not read human nature, to so little puipose. As far as I know there has been little in the world worth doing or worth remembering that did not make its way into success through a forest of impediments besot with doubt nnd difficulty. Those who seo the end from afar off, thoso who press on steadily towards it, and neither turn to tho right nor to the left, reach tbo goal at last, and so with God's help we will. (Cheers.) Mr. LANGTON roso to address the House, amid cries of " adjourn." He was prepared to go on, or he would move the adjournment of the dobate. Mr. DUFFY would accept tho proposition of tho hon. member to adjourn the dobate. The debate was then adjourned until next day, and the House roso at 10 minutes to 11 o'clock. 