LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. JOHN'd CHURCH, CORO MANDEL VALLEY. : For some time past .the adherents of the Anglican Church at Coromandel Valley have been accustomed to assemble, at the house of Mr.. George Gooch for the purpose of . worship, the services being held on Sunday afternoons, and conducted by the Rev. H. Read, M.A.,-and lay readers; hut, the congregation having in creased to between 70 and 80, the question of the advisableness of a church being built forced itself upon the consideration of those inte rested, aad at length steps were taken with a view to the erection of an edifice, the result ?being that on. Saturday af-ernoon, December 21, Ithe foundation-stone of. a very handsome little church, to be called St. John's Church, was laid by Bliss Olive Richman. ? ; The site selected is an excellent one, commanding an extensive and a very picturesque view of ihe surrounding country, and although at present it is some distance from the road, when the deviation, which is now being made, is completed the Church property will adjoin the road. The dimensions of the church are 40 feet by 20 feet in. the clear, walls 14 feet high from, floor to plates ; built of the local slatestone, with soap stone dressings externally, including plinth, watertables, coobelled eaves, copings, &c; The roof will be open timbered, the rafters covered with match boarding, and colonial slates laid on battens over the boarding. Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex pf the roof to aid ventilation. The walls will be stuccoed internally, the lower . portion with Portland cement. The windows- will have zinc-quarry lightB glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a small porch with a bell gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be paved with black and red Idles, and will be pro vided -with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision is made for building a chancel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the building is early pointed, with single lights at ihe sides, and a long .two-light -window in front, with quatrefoil ventilator, over. The amount of the contract for present portion is £525, of which £300 is already in hand. The work is being carried out by Mr. D. Deans, of Mitcham, under the' superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. . At the ceremony there was a large gathering of persons, principally residents of the neighbor hood. Amongst those present were the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short), the Ten. Archdeacon (Rev. C. Mairyat), the Rev. Canon Farr, M. A. ; the Revs. T. J. Smyths M. A.; W. H. Mudie, and A, Honner; the Hon. B.. B. Andrews, Q C. ; Cap tain W. W. Hughes, Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M.; and Lieutenant J. A. Fergusson An awnirg had been erected for the protection of those en gaged in the service, and it was fortunate this provision had been made, for a smart shower of rain fell whilst the ceremony was proceeding. After the ordinary preliminary service, Mr. f. J. Woods presented to Miss Richman a very hand Bome silver trowel, bearipgtheinsctiption —'Pre- sented to Miss .Hichman, on laving founation stone n£ St. John's, Coromandel Valley, Dec. ,2Lj It 72.' The stone was then lowered into its Vlace, and Miss Richman, having used the 'trowel and handled' the mallet, said. — ' I de clare this stone well and truly laid;' where upon the Doxolqgy was sung. In % cavity be neath the stone was placed a bottle; containing, in addition to the daily papers, some coiu, and and a small sheaf of wheat,. the following docu ment :—' In the name of the Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost, the f jundation-stoneof St. John's, Coromandel Valley, was laid by Miss Olive Eichman on St. Thomas's Day, Dec. 21st, A.D. 1872, in the 36th year of ifehe reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Officer Administering the ' Government of South Australia being Sir S. D. Han son, ELnig-.t, Chief Justice of the pro vince, i»nd in the 26th year of the consecra tion of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide; the Rev. H. Read, M. A., Incumbent of St. Michael's Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees- B. F. Lloyd, B. Gibbins, and B. W. Kernot. Committee— Rev. H. Read, M.A., J. A. Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd, A. Spence, K. Gibbins, E. W. Eernot, R. Burfield, and J. L. R. Fiveash. Architect— B. J. Woods. Builder — D. Deans.'' His Lordship the Bishop said .he was unwil ling to part with the Christian friends who had assembled on the present occcasion without saying a. few words of thankfulness and, he trusted, encouragement to. those. who had commenced and so far' carried on this good work. The selection of Scripture which had been read in the c.ouise cf the service struck him as singularly appropriate to the lives of colonists and emigrants. ~~ They read there how in ancient times — and it showed that the word of God was applicable to all time — how Jacob, with his staff in his hand, went forth over the Jordan to seek his fortune, .and to become, as. we should say, an emigrant ; and as he lay down to slee^ God manifested himself unto him, and said, 'The land wheron thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed.' Amazed and terrified somewhat at the nearness of his God, and realising the truth which St. Paul spoke in the market-place at Athens — ' Within Him we live and move end have our being,' and that ' He is not far from every one of us,' the patriarch exclaimed *' God Is in this place, and I knew it not' In the same way many emi grants who had been deprived of the privilege of the stated.ordinances of the Church to which they had been accustomed in the' mother coun try, and had neglected somewhat their previous habits of devotion, had by God's mercy been brought to feel once more that God was in the place upon which they stood and slept, and to s.y/'God is in this plate, and I knew it not.' Then Jacob, id his gratitude, determined to honor the God who had been so kind to him, and decided that on that very spot he would erect . a house of prayer, and that he would give of his substance for the glory of God ; so it was, in many in- . stances, with the emigrant — the .same feeling of gratitude was experienced, and the same determi nation made. Theirs was a beautiful country, not only in its scenery, but in its fertility and in its golden grain, and in its delicious fruits— indeed, the land was beautiful in every sense; all, save the spirit Of man, was divine; but he had no doubt that often an emigrant had thought of his home in the old country, and of the. Church or dinances there,, and had, determined to restore to himself . and to bis children the privileges which he had in times cone by so largely enjoyed. The scenery of the place where thjjy were assembled could hardly be surpassed ; but .; its loveliness would be still more beautiful when the church, ^of which the foundation stone had just been laid, xose amongst these glorious hills to call mea's minds back to the Giver of all good. ' It was a cause for thankfulness that God had stirred up the hearts of His people to raise a house for His glory there, and he hoped that a good company would be gathered, together, and that the church would strengthen the ties of neighbor hood, for, notwithstanding diversity of opinion, and different modes of worship, he believed that all true Christians were one. Ho trusted if that chrrch might not stand first in the opinion of alt, it would at' least stand second, and if some could not worship in it as they had formerly been accustomed to worship, that they would still be able to feel that they could worship in it, and to say that it was. good to be there. . He prayedthat the blessingxif God might rest upon - all connected with this blessed work,: and thai}';, the name of ? Christ, might lie glorified in con--;'* nectibn with the ordinances conducted in thai church. .:??'?'' . .- . ' , . [\ The benediction was then pronounced, and J the proceedings closed, a collection having pre-* vioualy been made, realising £13 13s. 61 The : singing -was conducted by an efficient choir, Mr. -, Proctor presidingat the harmonium. 