W HCAT TO DO WITH IT. As to what can be done with Australian meat, an excellent ,stew may be made of it, by sim mering over the fire bones, or any little pieoeB of raw meat, together with a little water, apices, s -.It, pepper, and herbs, and "vegetables ; potatoes and onions should predominate if mutton is the meat; turnips, carrots, and any' other vegetab es will make excellent haricot b ef. But a little raw meat will be found greatly to improve the stew, and by no means stew the tinned meat. Add the meat at the last, aud continue the process of cooking gently until it becomes thoroughly warmed through. It should be remembered thatl lb. of raw meat and a tin of Australian beef and mutton, con taining 4 lb. of cooked meat, will make as large a quantity of stew as 8 lb. or 9 lb. of raw meat alone. Excellent soup may be made of these meats, and in many places they have been adopted in lieu of butchers' meat. In making soup, of course, the moat is sacrificed to the soups. No one would artvooate making soup for the Lord Mayor's banquet of tinned meats; the expensive soups whicn appear at the tables of the rich are a totally different article of diet nm the satisfying and nourishing productions of the soup kitchens The most ravishing pie may be nitde of the.-e meats, cut into pieces, and put in the dish together with cooked pota toes ; or with boiled maccaroni and a little cus tard, an exquisite pie may be made of the beef. A little gravy in addition to what is found in the tms is necessary, ana the pies must not be baked too much ; in fact, as before, they should not be cooked at all, only warmed through. Consequently a crust of mashed potatoes should be substituted for the ordinary paste crust. In order to avoid baking the pie too much, if the crust is not browned when done, it can be browned with a salamander or re i-hot shovel. Those who aspire to higher things will find that exc liens rissoles, cro quettes, and many other little delicacies may also easily be made. The beef may be minced, not too small, and just tossed u > over the pie in its own gravy, or with a little more added ; poach half a dozn eggs, and place them on the mince when dished up, and the result wil be excellent; or cut it into thin slices, not too thin, however, and fry them, with the addition of cabbages and carrots, they will make delicious bubble-and-squeak; or, rubbed in flour and fried lightly, with the ac companiment of fried sliced potatoes, the beef makes an excellent dish for breakfast. The mutton is excellent, too, curried; the beef devilled. To devil the beef it Bhould be cooked in the oven, not grilled over the tire. In fact, there is no end to' the dishes which may be com posed from tinned meats, and they may be plainly warmed, gently stewed in their own grnvy," by putting them in the oven with a piece of buttered paper over them to prevent them from being diied up. They are not at all to be despised cold, just as they are when removed from ihe tin, after the grease has been scraped off; but cold mutton is not in much favor, and, besides, there is too often just suspicion of the tin, -rf the meat is a good sized piece it may be successfully ro.ishsd, espi.ci illy beef. Sciape away the grease and gravy, and plaoe sorue of the solid fat in the ceo tie. roll it up as well as you can, and tie it round tightly with tape. Sprinkle the meat with flour, and baste it with its own gravy. It will not require much roasting, and will soon become brown. Make some good gravy from the oontents of the dripping-pan in the ordinary way by pourintLoff .the.drippina from the gravy. The grease, too, which was scraped off the meat at first, when melted and allowed to cool, will leave at the bottom of the basin a little good gravy. The dripping will not be despised by poorer neighbors as a substitute for butter. There is no doubt that in exaotly the same pro portion as these meats are better understood they will become better appreciated. -Land and Wafer. A patient complained to his physician that he was pursued by a ghost the night before, as he was going home from the tavern. " What shape was it ?" asked the doctor. " In the shape of an ass," replied the man. " Go home," said the dootor, "and keep sober. Yea were tipsy last night, and frightened by your own shadow." 