A conference of the clerical and lay members of tho Churo*' of Rngland, In the diocese of Bathurst, will be held on the 39th September. | The business of the Distriot Court to-day will commenco with No. 3737, to be taken at 10 a.m. ; 3820, at 11 a.m. ; finishing with 8912. I Mr. Fallon shipped (says the Albury Banner) per Jane Eliza, on her last trip to Albury, some 7000 gallons of Albury wine for the Sydney market. We leam (say* the Fiji Times) that the first lloutenant of H.F.M S. Vivid has been suspended from lils rank, pending the result of an Inquiry Into a charge of abducting a Polynesian woman from Mr. Marah, H.JB.M. Consul. i At a convocation of members of the Sydney University, held In the hall of that institution at the hour of noon on Saturday, the Slst of August, Mr. Christopher Rol- leston, on the nomination of Viee-Dhanoollor the Bar, Rcbert Allwood, was elected a Fellow 'of the Senate of the Sydney University, In the place of William Charles Wentworth, lately deceased. The Riverine Advertiser hears that Mr. B. landale, J.P., of Deniliquin station, has generously oflbrcd to give £200 towards building a Presbyterian Church in Deniliquin, upon condition that steps are Immediately taken to secure this objeot. Wa think that with so high a premium offered to them, our Presbyterian friends will noL'bo slow to take action In the matter. Yesterday a man named Patrick Stanton appeared In the dock at the Central Police Court, charged with being drunk in George-street, at hilf post twelve o'clock on the morning of tho 1st Instant. IT« WAI bailed oat, and on the same afternoon was again arrested nn a similar ohnrgo,-and in addition assaulting tho police- man whilst In the execution of lils duty. Stanton was fined In tile aggregate 25s, with the alternativo of 8 days gaol. The Bathurst Free Press of Saturday had the following :-'* Wo understand that Sir James Martinis expected to arrlvoln Bathurst this oioning, having some busi- ness In the West ¡ and it has boon rcioh ed by a nnmbcr of his friends to invito him to a public dinner on Wednesday nott." In point of fact the dinner seems to bo a foregono aonoluston. Sr. Machattie the Major, Is to take tho chair ; Mr. Thomas Wilton has been appointed honorary secretary, and Mr. B, Webb, M.lj.A., and nbcut forty other gcntloinon havo boon appointed as tho dinner committee The public rccoption of Mr. Parkes at Orange was apparently a very spirited affair Ho visited the Luck- now mines on his woy, and was met there by a cavalaido of {[Qntloinen, who escorted him Into Orango. On arrival there 10 was entertained at a publio luncheon, and nn Thursday morning received an address from tho Municipal Council In ' tho Court.house. The complimentary supper took plaoo in tho Masonic Hall on Wednesday ovenlng, and was substan- tially and tastefully provided, and well-attended. At least fifty gentlemen assembled to meet tho Premier. Tho chair was occupied by his Worship tho Mayor, who had on his right tho guest ot the evening, an* on his left o o hon. mem- ber for Orango. J. T. Lans, Esq., P.M., acted as vlooclinlr man. Orana was said by the Itev. J. A. Stuart. Tho sub- stantial portion of the entertainment having been concluded, the usual loynl toasts, inolndlnf tlie Queen, the Prlncs ona Princess of Wales, and tho Boyal famllv, nnd the OoVernor, were given from tho chair nnd duly honoured. In reply to the toast of "Our Guest," Mr. Parkes inado an of lectivo speocli, willoh was well received by the company. In the course of lils VIBII Mr. Parkes laid before a deputation a map of tho railway survey between Bathurst nnd Orange The ronlo denoted loaves Bathurst by the Vnloroad, makes a detour, and panes within a fow miles of Blayney, close to Lucknow, reiidering It easily avsllnblo from Pretty Plains and ndjaoent placet, and enters Orange by Endsleigh. , A public meeting, said to bo the largest Indoor meelliiglield in Butnurst, was held in the Town Hull on Thursday evening, to adopt and sign a petition to lils Excel- lency tho Oevernor and tim Executive Connell, praying for a Bite of land for a publia schnol In that locality. The mayor (Dr. Maohattle), vas culled to tim chair. Tho following resolution, forming tho basts of tho petition, as also tho peti- tion Itself, was adoptod :-That this meeting deems it desir- able that a petition should be signed and forwarded to lils Excellenoy the Governor, and the hon. the members of tho Executive Counoil of New South Wales, requesting that tho portion of land already applied for on section 0, iii tim olty of JJntlmist, bo granted os a sito for a pnblio school. À deputation was named to present tho petition to lils Excel- lency, and a committee appointed to obtain signatures. A telegram in another column announces ttiat a meeting ivas held on Monday night to protest nBulust breaking tliu square by granting »site for the building. I -witnessed a lonely funeral (says the Home Rule correspondent of the Gulgong Guardian) the other duy. It consisted of a handsome bourse, in « liioh »"as a very plufii ooffln, containing the mortal remain* of poor Jack Gilbert, with not a single mourner following him to t'io grave. Poor Gilbert started the first Scotch pie shop In Sydney and cleared some thousands by It; unlucky Investments induced him to sell out, when ho went to Queensland and started the same Uno of business in Rockhampton. Fortune did not favour him, and I met him again at Gymplo in an humble way still true to tho Scotch pla business. His saving- ho Invested In tho reefs on that gold-fieH, but wlthoutany luok, and ha came to Gulgong and worked hard. He recently started a small bakery business at tho Homo Rule, bnt he broke down, nnd became an Inmate of tho hospital, and died two days after admission. It was a sad sight to witness, that amidst the many thousands on this gold-Held, and amongst all who knew him, not ono was to bo found to follow him to his last home. Ills was a chequered life with a lonely ending. Mr. Eobert "Walker, lately carrying on busi- ness in Market-buildings, Rockhampton, ns grocer and sales- man, and who had for some time, owing to misfortunes In business bccnina\ery depressed state of mind, being worse than usual, medical advice was sought, and Dr. Callaghan sent for. The doctor being otherwise engaged when tho messenger arrived, did not roaoh dpceased's eottngo until shortly after noon In the meantime, deceased growing Impatient, had gone ofT to meet tho doctor, having left tho house only ten minutes before the latter arrived, Deceased did not return, and fears being ontcrtalned for hiss ifety, lils friends, during the afternoon, privately mndoBearch for him, bnt without success, and In the evening Information of his disappearance was given to the police. On the following morning constable Stretton was sent out to mako further Inquiries, and having learned that decconod was Reen going up tho bank of tho river about helf-past 1 p.m. on Thursday, by Mrs. Hall, wifo of a fisherman, ho proceeded In that direction, and soon ascertained that a lítale girl, named Margaret M'Lonnon, had picked up some papers on Dannlgan's steps, near the fishermen's humpies. The papers proved to be two English letters from deceased's brother, and copy of telegram from tl>e'Messrs. Murria, of Brisbane. Constable Stretton, from certain nppcaranccs that he saw, sot a boat and grappling irons, and dragging the river found the body, only about twenty yords from the steps. Deceased had all his clothing on except his hat, and in one of lils pookets wore five shillings in money, and a receipt from Messrs. Melbourne and Daly for £300. Deceased seems, while BtifTerlng from aberration of iutollcct, to haie dcltbe ratelyjampcd Into the river, and the appearanco of the body Indicated that he made no strangle to save himself after he got into tho water. Ho was married only a fow months ago, and leaves a widow to mourn her loss. A. very instructive lecture was delivered in Bt. Mary's Seminary, lost night, by tliû Rev. Dr. B.irsantl, upon the infullablllty of tho Popo. There was a very largo attendance« nnd the rev. lecturer waa very, warmly cheered during the progress of lils remarks. The chair was occupied by the Very Rev. Archdeacon Rigney, In the place of the Archbishop, who was unavoidably a osent. The Ile v. lecturer in hi* introductory observations, remarked that It was not his Intention to enter upon the controversial points in the dogma of Infallibility; but Bim ply to explain what the Infallibility really was; and ho hoped that they would look upon him in the character ^of a clergyman rather than M a I lecturer. Ho submitted that the question upon which he was 1 about to enter was a vast one. In order to give his hearers a correct idea of it it would be necessary for him to give a brief explanation of its définition. In the first place, it should bo borne in mind that papal Infallibility did not imply the personal Infallibility of tho Pope himself. Many persons thought such was the case, but Ir was not really so. The Pone Is especially favonred by God to discharge his duties well, but for all that, he Is a child of error and Is as liable to tempta- tion and sin as other people are. Like other men he has to confess his sins to a priest and receive from lils hands absolu- tion of his sins. Before receiving tho blessed sacrament, before receiving Christ, of whom ho Is the vicar and represen- tative on earth, the Pope has to make a public confession and cry " Î am not worthy that thou shouldst enter under my roof." Bo that papal Infallibility does not mean the personal infalli- bility, or the immunity from sin of the JPopo himself. Secondly, papal infallibility is not the unmistakeableness of the Pope in ths arrangement of his prlvafe affairs, as a private man ; for In that respect he Is as liable to err as any other mau. Again, Papal infallibility is not as some people imagine, a Divine Inspiration or a Divine revelation auch as that possessed by the prophets and evangeÜBts. The real definition of the Papal infallibility, taken in Its theological sense, was nothing el so than the Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by willoh the Pope, though weak in himself, is enabled to expound faithfully tho truths contained In the Scripture, There WAS nothing startling or alarming, or con- trary totheprlnciplesof the fio m an Catholic faith in sucha definition. Heneo, it would bo «ecu that Papal Infallibility affect* the Pope, not n« a prh ato man, but as a public man, in his official end public character, and although he speaks from the magisterial chair as the vicar of Ghlstand successor of Saint Peter, ha derives his glorious prerogative from the promises of Christ, made to the Church and to St. Peter. In the long and glorious lino of the Roman Pontiffs, out ofSOO, scarcely fire or six aro to bo found of thone who lived in the dark ages, whose character as private men wai perfect; but no one could say that those \ery Popes of that time attempted to niter anything in tho Christian faith in order to justify their own conduct. The Pope says, in his decree, that tho Roman Pontiff", throngh divine assistance, signified that the Papal Infallibility was secured to the people, noton his merits or good qualities, but simply by relying upon tho promises of Christ, made to St. Peter. The Papal infallibility was one of the main constituents of the Church of Christ. Hence, if the Church be infallible, its head must also be so ; and that was *he reason why Pins IX. defined the dogma of tlie Papal infallibility to be tho infallibility of the Church. The reverend lecturer spoke with great warmth for upwards of an hour and a half, at the conclusion of which he was enthusiastically applauded. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, proposed by Mr. Hurley, and seconded by Mr. Flanagan, brought tho meeting to a termination shortly after 10 o'clock. *Wo bave Fiji files to 14th .August. Tho Gazette regrets to record the death of Mr. Tuff, late sccretarj' to Katu Timoce« (the King's son-in-law), an enormous ehlef who at the late meeting of Parliament attracted such general attention from his herculean proportions. This chief, it will be remembered, expired at Ran some few weeks since, and it Is said that tho natives of lils tribe, on Mr. TufTs return amongst thom, have poisoned him, because of the toss of their chief. If this Is the cane, it Is \ery lamentable for Mr. Tuff faithfully attended upon Ratn Timooce to his dying day. Mr, Tuff expired yrstcrday week, and was only 111 three honrs. It is almost certain that ho was the \ictlm of a secret vegetable poison administered to him in Rewa, by some nattie fanatic that will never be known -The ports of California. Sandwich Islands, Now Zealand, Victoria, and New South Wales are declared to bo Infected with small-pox, and \esaels arriving from any of them shall not be allowed to anchor south of Wat Tova, and no person or persons shall bo allowed to land from, nor to commun lento with such ships or vessels until the Çermlsslon of the Health-officer shall have been obtained. ho Gazette of the .'hrd reports that the Honorable John Temple Sogar, M.P. for the Central Province, died at the old club in Totoga, and Fiji thereby, without any doubt what* ever. Buffers a national loss. Mr. Bagar first arrived here from Melbourne, via Sydney, some two years and * half ago. In the Prince of Wales, being one of tho members of the Poly- nesian Company, and wo believe, in its interests. On his arrival ho visited nil tho properties of the company, and made many observations, which In Australia, whither he soon returned were calculated to bo most useful. The deceased, who was a widower, left five children. He was burled with Masonic honours, Mr. Butters pronouncing the oration. Judgment has been gl\cn in the matter of the brig Carl, in the action Hcnutngs v. Clarke. In December last one Joseph Armstrong, who was master of tho brig Carl, applied to tho plaintiff toadvanco certain moneys to pay off tho crew to effect nccctsary repairs to the hull, as well a« to refit. He also applied for necessary stores and provision* to carry on the labour trade. Dr. Patrick Murray, the owner of the brig, was then in Apeo, and Captain Armstrong gave Messrs. Hen- nings a bond, whioh he wau empowered to do, by way of mortgage, o\ er Dr. Mu nay's interest In the vessel. Subse- quently, further supplies were ordered. It being understood that the ship was security, and that the supplies wero necessary to the vsyage. It was contended that these supplies did not exceed thoso which the master was justified in obtaining, and the Interests of the mortgagee wero conserved thereby, inasmuch as the ship was lu a foreign port. She had left Melbourne on a peculiar trade to tho knowlcdgo of all parties concerned, that the mortgage Siro certain time for her nbsenco, and that In every respect is claim came within the meaning of ths Act for tho protec- tion uf merchants and others supplying .hips In n foreign port. On the other hand It was argued that tho Interests of the mortgagees contri not bo affected by the operations of a master In obtaining supplleaiu a foreign port. That Captain Armitrong exceeded his powerB In procuring supplies thnt »ero not necessary to tho voyago, and that the claim of Messrs. Henning« ngalnst tho brig could not stand. Tho decision of tho Court nnnnlmously rendered was a verdict ngntnst tho vessol for ¿'554 ion fid, or 3733 dollars d3 cents Pljlnn currency, with costs. After tho expiration .f six days either of tho material parties obtaining judgment for their clalniH could apply for the condemnation and sale of the vessel. Tho nisi prluscourt bad been occupied for two days In hearing tho caso of Blair v. Cohen and another. This was an action for false Imprison ment brought hy George Blair against Messrs. Cohen and llrodrlak. Mr. Murray, with Mr. Truscott, appeared for tho plaintiff; nnd Messrs. 6. 0. Burt nnd F. 8. Solomon for tho defendant. Th*» plalntlfThad been Imprisoned at tho suit of tho defendnut In January last, whon about to leave the king dom for his plantation at Tanna, Now Hebrides, In the cutter Volunteer, fora debt of JCS610s,incurred In October previously, whilst ha was on his plantation, by Captain James, of the Voluntoor. Tho Jury unanimously found a verdict for tho plalntltr, ? with damages, £660, but an application was to bo made to set tho verdict - asido. U.M.S. Cossack sel red on tho 13th August two sohooncrs, the Na Noba and the Tabn Boro. Tho Times says tho dffllotilty w«s the usual one-"no papers." A schedule of tho rules of tlio Supremo Court of Ful, having bean duly presented and allowed by the Legislativo Assembly, have boon published for general Information. A person nninod Walter Smith has boen lined by tho Chief Justice In tho sum of 100 dollars to tlio King, for having. In a letter to Mr. Justlco Forwood, written nnd published ft libel concerning tho administration of jnstlco lu the kingdom. Tho Publie Loan Act of 1873 authorises tim Minister of Finance, with permission of tho King and lils Cabinet, to ralso 360,000 dollars, with interest not to exceed 10 per cent, on the soeurlly of nbout 3,000,000 aoros Crown lands, his Majesty giving up Ills private lands lu ndd|. tlou. Nows from Loma Lama Is to tho cflbot, that tlio weather Is most seasonable for tho crops, and that the cotton promises a vory heavy yield On some of tho plantations coffee, equal to Cn Won, Is likely to bo provldod, A person namod Louis Bascti. had been npnrohendod on a oliargenf attempting to leavo Levuka clandestinely. It Is stated ho had been borrowing money and buying drafts on thoeolnnles, nnd that If hs had siiooesdod In effecting hi«escapo, ho would havo flesood tho business community of LIUOO. 