CAMPBELL TOWN. (From a Correspondent.) On Tuesday afternoon last, one of the moBt severe thunderstorms and fall of rain ever experienced in this district, broke over the town. So loud and rapid were the peals of thunder that several persons in charge of horses and vehicles had the greatest difficulty in preventing accidents—one in particular. Noake's ale carter was delivering ale at the Caledonian Hotel when the storm came on ; the horses attached to the spring wagon became restive, and the driver, with several other persons, had all they could do to prevent the horses from bolting, although they had come a long journey. The main road and streets were deluged with water ; _ in fact, the fall of rain was something surprising. Many persons on the low levels had to close their doors to prevent the water running in. The crops and grass in this district look remarkably well, and there is every appearance of a bountiful harvest. Shearing and sheepwashing are being proceeded with, and there is every indication of a good clip. There are very few of the country districts that have such an appearance of prosperity. On Tuesday evening there was a grand ball at Englebert's Assembly Rooms. Fortunately the rain cleared off, and did not prevent any persons that were invited being present; it only tended to clear the atmosphere, and make tlie evening more agreeable and cooler for dancing. Strange to say the rain did not reach Cleveland or Ross, although only some eight or ten miles away. The ball was an invitation one got up by a number of gentlemen of the district, and reflected the greatest credit on them. There was a very large attendance, including visitors from Launceston, Hobart Town, Oatlands, and other districts. Dancing was commenced sliortlv after nine o'clock, and was kept up with unusual spirit until about six o'clock next morning. Messrs. Roberts's Quadrille Band was engaged for the occasion, and supplied the choicest of modern dance music, which was much admired. On Wednesday evening there was an amateur dramatic performance in the Assembly Rooms in aid of the Poultry Society. The room was crowded with a very appreciative audience. The pieces selected for representation were " Paul Pry" and " A Ghost in Spite of Himself." All the characters were so unusually well represented it would be unfair to select any in particular for criticism, but certainly the character of " Paul Pry," with his " Beg pard'n, 'ope I'm not intrudin'," will not be forgotten for some time. The character of Mr Nicodemus, in "The Ghost in Spite of Himself," was well represented; also that of Dickory. During the intermission several songs were sung in a most creditable manner. At the close of the performance the secretary of the Dramatic Club, Mr Raiker, came forward and returned thanks on behalf of the members of the Club, and hoped that many more of the young men of the district would join. It is to be hoped that the remarks will have a good effect. There are few country districts but have an amount of talent that ought to be made use of. The Messrs. Roberts's band played a choice selection of music during the evening, which added greatly to the interest of the performance. Nov. 8. At the meeting of the Municipal Council on Thursday last, Councillor Gibson moved the following resolutions:— That this Council is of opinion that the following reductions can be made in the expenditure of this municipality without impairing its efficient working.—1. That the services of the Superintendent of Police be dispensed with, and that the Council Clerk perform the duties of both offices with a small increase of salary and the use of a cottage now occupied by the Superintendent of Police, with the existing forage allowance, and that a sub-inspector be appointed (at a slight increase of salary) who will be expected to act as a public prosecutor, whilst the Council Clerk continues to take down evidence. Also that tlie said Council Clerk or Sub-Inspector shall be caused as often as possible to -yisit the outlying parts of the district, and that the Council Clerk be relieved of the duties of treasurer to this municipality. 2\. That the police station at Llewellyn be abolished with the concurrence of the Municipal Council of Fingal. 3. That a tradesman be appointed watchhouse- keeper at Campbell Town to reside at tlie watchhouse and carry on his trade. Councillor Padfield moved as an amendment— 1\. That the Council Clerk's salary for 1873 be £170. 2\. That the Superintendent of Police's salary for 1873 be £120 with quarters. 3\. That the police force in Campbell Town be reduced by one, and that the Sub-Inspector's salary be 5s 3d per day ; such Sub-Inspector to do duty in turn with the other constable. 4\. That the police station at Llewellyn be dispensed 'with. 5\. That a watchhouse-keeper be appointed at Campbell Town at a salary not exceeding £40 per annum, with residence at the watchliouse, and also to be allowed fuel, light, and water ; such watchhouse- keeper to be also a special constable and to do duty when called upon without any additional pay. After discussion, the question was put, when tlie voting was— For the amendment—Councillors Padfield and Fletcher. For the original motion—Councillors Gibson and Gatenby. Councillors J. Taylor and Mercer declined to vote, and the Warden gave his casting vote in favor of the original motion. 