THE PRINCESS'S THEATRE. MACBETH. Shakspeare's tragedy of " Macbeth" was announced for performance at this house on Saturday night Had the management been compelled by the edict of some vigorous censor to produce, under heavy penalty, a play of Shakspeare's, we could find it in our hearts to call the performance respectable, or it has been our unhappy lot to have seen the piece murdered more than once. But the management elected of their own spontaneity to essay the tragedy, and as they would have looked for high praise had they played it well, so they must accept censure for having played it badly. We take it as a maxim that for an actor or a body of actors who appear in the classical drama to be ignorant of the text is an insult to the audience which witnesses their incapacity. Between dramas like " Waiting for the Verdict " and a tragedy of Shakspeare is a great gulf fixed. We can- not rejoice at the presentation of rubbish like the " Idiot Witness," but we protest that there are many good and instructive dramas which an average dramatic company can put fairly before their patrons without jumping to the murderous extreme of mutilating Shakspeare, No man is called upon to hobble through Macbeth," and no company has a right to render ridiculous any of the masterpieces of English dramatic writing. Such Richardson's shows but serve to sink a noble profession still further beneath that level to which French translations, Boucicault and burlesque, have already degraded it. As it is possible that some of the gentlemen at the Princess's Theatre imagine that they really spoke the words set down for them, we noted a few of their inaccuracies and imperfections. Mr. O'Brien for example, in the banquet scene, said to the ghost, " Thy flesh is cold, thy bones are mar rowless," instead of "Thy bones are marrow less, thy blood is cold." Mr. Woolf, as Malcolm, calmly cut out in his scene with Macduff the lines, "If such a one be fit to go- vern, speak," ye, and consequently necessitated the clusion of the whole of that the following speech Thy royal father was a most sainted king, the queen that bore thee, officer upon her knees than on her feet, died every day she lived. Nor did Mr. Roberts whose Macduff was the most respectable performance of the evening allow the text to pass unmutilated. In the scene with Rosso, notwithstanding that he was called before the curtain for it, he was very imperfect, and absolutely omitted one of the finest touches in the character, his agonised outburst of grief at young Malcolm's boyish counsel of revenge as a medicine for sorrow, "He has no children." Mr. Stuart O'Brien's Macbeth is an unsatisfactory performance. Not only was he imperfect as we said-such stock sentences as the natural ruby of your cheeks," with 20 mortal murders on their crowns," being delivered as "the natural colour of your face," with 20 murders on their heads but he did not seem to comprehend that the essence of Macbeth's character is his constitutional irresolution. An admired general, be cherished ambitions which sunk deeper into his wife's soul than his own, and when urged by the promptings of the witches, the reproaches of his wife, and the fatal opportunity of Duncan's entrance into his castle, be hesitates until hesitation is impossible, and then rudely plunges into a crime, the result of which he is incapable of sustaining. Macbeth's nature is that of a brutal and ambitious but frank soldier. Deceit is impossible to him. At the banquet he unbosom himself before his guests, and roars out his furious menaces to the phantom of his fancy, regard- less of all consequences to himself or throne. Observe turgid and unnatural speech which, with consummate knowledge of human nature, Shakspeare puts into the mouth of the murderer upon the discovery of the body of the King, "Here lay Duncan, his silver skin laced with his golden blood," &c.; Macbeth was acting then, and it is this very need for dissimulation which oppresses him until ghosts of his victims appear to stand before his uneasy eyes. From the moment of the murder his moral nature sinks beneath the weight of his crime, and he rushes into new offences as a drunkard drinks new glasses-if haply, he may forgot that he is drunk. The man who shuddered at the "hangman's" hands, orders the slaughter of Banquo with indifference and the massacre of Macduff's family without compunction. It is only at the last, when his wife is dead, his castle (fortified with treble care) taken, and the charm in which he trusted torn from him, that he finds an instant's Savage peace in the resumption of that desperate courage which in the " stout Norwegian ranks " had won him his Thanedom of Cawdor. " I'll not yield to kiss the ground before young Malcolm's feet, and to be baited with the rabbit's curse !" cries the desperado and so highly does the world value that most god. like quality of self-reliance, that we even pity him as he falls beneath the righteous blows of his victim and executioner. Mr. Stuart O'Brien altogether lost sight of this double nature of Macbeth. He ignored the finer developments of the character, and made the man throughout a commonplace assassin, drawn by passion into crime, and then blubbering about the consequences. Macbeth fully realises his guilt, and looks back with anguish upon the lack of that which should accompany old age, but once embarked upon his perilous course he sails it to the end, " blow wind, come wreck. At least we'll die with harness on our back!" Nor was Miss June's Lady Macbeth more than a respectable performance. It lacked comprehension, and the sleep-walking scene was unnatural and stag. Lady Macbeth was a woman devoted to her boor of a husband. She thought him the first of men-a man who, if he would but cause that easy brain of his, might seize the honours of which they both had dreamed. ' Her thought is all of him. "Hail thou that shalt be king hereafter. She will do the murder if he will not but it is for him, all for him. The secret that he cannot hold she keeps. Watchful at board and banquet lest his unwary lips betray him, she falls a sacrifice to her fears for him. Sleep flies her eyelids. "To the deaf pillow" she reveals the tale of blood, and dies with " mind diseased," reacting in her ghastly dreams the scene in which his pale face is ever present Miss June did not portray this strong motive for the action of the character she represented. She bullied Macbeth too shrewish, and delivered the area "have given such," Ledwith too much barbarity of gesture. The gall upon Macbeth's ambition was the fact that he had no children, and that his deed had but " put a barren sceptre in his gripe, no son of his succeeding." It is not improbable that the allusion to the child was. but made with feminine ingenuity in order to strongly show Macbeth that his only hope of the power for which he thirsted was in his immediate personal crime. The other characters do not call for com- ment The piece was fairly dressed and mounted, and we are glad to be able to con two so unsatisfactory a notice by very hearty 10s for the musical portion. The music for P.itt- co- was sung with more than average 'excellence. Miss Sutherland as Hecate is to be commended. In suspicion of the Pleasant Creek News ¿.?_J*° ii? th?,P"oo of iron is not an inmate Tu5 JET-- Although it is a serious diffi STIR is new companies who have their appliances to purchase, there is a brighter side to the picture. On this gold-field a sum representing in round figures about £150,000 ont von invested -in mining machinery of "an i or another, and the rise of 50 percent, in the value of such, or even a less pro in aT r*lPrfsepts a very satisfactory increase ^^SSSSA^9^of many open? 