AN ACCOMPLISHED ROGUE. [From the London Telegraph.] "There be land-rats and water-rats, water [?] and land-thieves" but what in money-lender, pirate, or [?] ever got his slimy clans so thoroughly round his victim ;uj did the so-called Cointe de Natal in dealing with a plain and honest Scotchman of the name of Grant t It ii a great pity that in speaking of one of the most accomplished swindlers who hare cropped up in modern times, we hare to throw doubt on the authenticity «f bit name. We should prefer to know him as the Comte de Natal; bat the Presi dent of the Court which tried this gentleman more than hinted that the prisoner was an Englishman. His Eng lish was very good, whereas his French was obviously defective ; bnt it was as a Frenchman, and one of the foremost of Freuchmen, that he appealed to Mr. McTaggart Grant, who, despite his name, is described as an Kngti<A> mer chant. The Coont made the acqrjaintanee of the merchant in the winter of 1670, and represented himself as a very impor tant person, whose property was unfor tunately locked up in Paris. He first got a loan of 250 franca. Then he got a ioan of 300 francs. Then he came in a mysterious manner to Mr. McTaggarc Grant, to ask whether he kaew any Kng lish house that would negotiate a loan of a milliard to the French Government. Mr. Grant forthwith entered into communica tion with an English house for that pur pose, and, in dealing with aunts of such magnitude, a small trifle of 2,000 francs was not refused to the Count, whose resources were cat off by the investment of Paris. But greater revelations were to come. The Count was not a Count, j but the Due de Balan. He came one day i to announce that he had been summoned! to Paris to assist in the "TgHistwrns for peace, and strongly counselled Mr. Grant to invest money in a project for baying up stores far the caprtal. The Empress, the Prince Imperial, the Due de Persigny, and even he him self, the Due de Balan, were all cot*. cemed in this great enbrpriao, which de manded a sum of four million ft—v~ Stroke upon stroke followed, as the clever painter saw that the imagination of his dupe was impressed by the picture. He confided to him that M. Thiers had offered him the post of flKuMfry of Fi nance. His own property, alas! was ruined, houses of his to the value of £50,000 hid been utterly destroyed; bis patrimonial estate of Balan, worth £10,000 a year, had fled from him for ever. But what were such trifles to a man who knew the greatest people of France, who was related to half-a-dozen noble families, who was called in to serve the country in grave political crises f We next hear of this JHKHas™iipwJl per son in Berlin, where doubtless Princes, Politicians, and Financiers were doing him honor. It is true that, some little time before going north, he had under taken to carry into Paris a sum of money which Mr. McTaggart Grant held in trust for the poor people of Paris. It was on his way. Ha was about to take posses sion of the Finance Department; and who better able, therefore, to discharge this charitable work? Perhaps those French families got the money. The kindly-hearted will suppose that they did; fornothingmorewasheardofit Bethatas it may, the Finance Ministerwsssummooed to negotiate with Prince Bkmarck ; and while in the Prussian capital he snatched a few moments to write to his Scotch friend to say that a little loan of 75,000 francs would be very convenient, be cause it would allow *"~? to pay the iinp6t fancier on the Balan estate, failing which, that valuable utupeitj would be sold by those dreadful people, the Prussians. We are not surprised that the French journals should once more hold up hands in astonishment over the erratic Englishman in chronicling H? fact that the £3,000 was sent ewe me pone tnoliiiqui tiati dm ptvdige. Hie Duke was grateful to his English, or rather Scotch friend. He sent him some aecuritaea which purported to be worU>consk_able sums. Be also itiiiil to sell his gallery of pictures, which would fetch from 100,000 to 150,000 francs. Moreover, although nothing had come of the loan or loans of which the Duke had vaguely hinted, was not the Finance Minuter of France aa important personage to know t As Mr. Grant made no show of in vestigating or doubting his correspon dent's statements, the genttaaaan in Berlin gave loose reins to hh imagi nation. M. Thiers had offered him Use post of Ambassadorat Berlin or inlostdou, whichever he preferred. The President was about to introduce a propel de lei to recompense him for all those ruinous losses in Bellevue. where a church, a school, and 62 houses be had built had all been smashed to pieces by the bom bardment. He could not quite decide whether he would go to London or Berlin aB Ambassador ; he would have to consult his family. Meanwhile, the Finance Minister had not in any satisfactory manner taken steps to pay back the £4,800 the trusting Scotchman had tent him. "M. Natal," said a subsequent and ingenuous witness, ''appeared to me to be a lunatic" What "he told me might have made a novel." We do not con sider this description of a novel either fair or accurate ; but it may pass. It is sufficient to note that M. Natal claimed to be a man of letters, which may ac count in part for the roseate fictions with which he captured the imagination of Mr. Grant. " What have you written?'' said the President of the Court to'him. The reply gives some clue to the place of hia birth; for ha answered that he had written various ar ticles in the journals, but that everybody knew that such articles were anonymous. This statement the President, speaking for French journalism, ventured to contra dict ; but nothing could be elicited touch ing the contributions to literature of this politician, who kept official appointments, as it were, in both his waistcoat pockets. The Duke may best lay clam to authorship in the matter of the legends which he wrote out for the amusement of the simple-hearted Mr. McTaggart Grant. If that gentleman was so much impressed by the verisimi litude of these compositions as to send £4,800 to a person of whom he knew nothing, what further testimony to his literary abilities does M. Natal re quire ? History tells us, however, that a patient reader of " Gulliver's Travels" was at last heard to say, with an air of conviction, that he did not believe one word of what he had been reading ; and so, at length it occurred to Mr. Grant that there was some uncertainty about M. Natal's narratives. The Scotch merchant ventured to write to M. Barthelemy St. Hiliare, and was informed that M. Thiers knew nothing whatever about tins gentle man who had been negotiating important business for him in the remote ends of the earth. Moreover, Mr. Grant now be thought him of consulting th* list of mem- j berauf the National AwiemMyat Versailles, | ia which M. Natal had incautiously said his uatue would be found. His name was no* found. On the contrary, dream-' stauctai arose to show that there was no such name—and that the Due de Balan had uo more solid existence on this earth tliirn die ghost of Hamlet's father. But the personatorof the Duke hadso much reality about him as to let the law, to use a common expression, lay him by the heels; and in spite of his asseverations he was condemned to three years' im prisonment, to a fine of 3,000 francs, and ordered to pay 30,000 francs indem nity to Mr. MeTaggart Grant. Which are ire to think the greater—the audacity of this bold and ingenious swindler, or the exceeding simplicity of his victim I A mm of Geneva, IIASOU, fell into the liter, but lifter tir.uiaung awhile baaeath the ice h* arrived at aa opctiiag miaamUi cat. He iu*<.&gcd; to pre?CTve faai Mslatsi all the time. 