BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. FIFTH DAY.—MONDAY. MARCH 4., At 5.30 p.m. there was a well-attended tea succeeded by a public imeeting; Mr. W. Taylor, the representative of Auburn Circuit, presided. The Rev. J. Ashton, the Chairman of the District, read the" report in a humorous and forcible manner. The Rev.. J. Jfoster; then said the subject assigned him was. "The j Holy Ghost." How should he treat a theme so; vast. He dwelt on the - personality, being, and | functions of the Spirit, combating what : bje regarded as the anti-'Christian -notion that He was only -an attribute or title of .Deity, and traced the work of the Spirit in the. varions aspects of human redemption. The Rev. 0- Lakeispoke on "The Holy Catholic Church.". Be trusted that portions of the grand oldjcreed were not held simply as theologic formulas, but as living realities. Holiness was the true! doc- trine of a standing or falling Church. In this point Methodism was an improvement upon Lutheranism. 'Luther -was content with justification as bis standard, | but 'Wesley improved on that watchword j His programme was to "spread scriptural holiness through the land." The consequence was that while Lutheranism had lost much of its vitality, Methodism flourished. He feared that one reason why so little visible success now crowned the efforts of Christ's Church was that meij were not encouraged as formerly to bear testimony that "the blood of Jesus Christ, God's son, cleanseth from all sin." This holiness constituted the Church, tbe pillar and ground of the truth. It were to be doubted if even 'God's truth could stand in -such a world ast ours without holiness. The early triumphs of the Chur-ch were due to this—that the primitive Christians were holy; hence they were forceful and attractive. They were never neutral. Sometimes their works were revolutionary; sometimes pacificatory, but alway influential. Their holiness was their foree, and they were powerful in proportion as they were | holy. jiChere were other powers ; -numbers, for instance ; but sometimes, the&e; were a source of weakness instead of strength. Let them remember what the Lord had said to Gideon, '•'These men are'too many' for me," and not trust in numbers. .There were also wealth and social influence. Voltaire said once to Frederick of Prussia, " I am glad the princes and [philosophers of the time are believing my teachings; I-don't care who gets the tentmaker and (fishermen.'" But Voltaire forgot historyand misread human nature when he said that God's word •declared "not many mighty, not many;noble are ealled." The speaker did not believejin the wealthy Church, or the learned, the socially high, nor the numerically strong, but in the Holy Church. It was catholic or universal as comprehending all men. 2. As comprehending all time. .3. As comprehending all truth, j After enlarging on these points he concluded by saying, " It all depends how we believe! these facts. If we hold them, not as the mjimmy hoids in its withered hand the seed coin [which might have blessed the ages, but as hvmg realities, we shall have union, earnest prayer, abundant confidence in the Church's high destiny 1 * We believe in the glorious future. There are no poets and prophets of despair. There is light o^i the face of all that look towards the fiituije, and this is especially the case with the seers jof the Holy Catholic Church." Rev. J. Trewih in a few .sentences referred to " Communion of •Saints," but expressed regret that he had not more time to deal with the topic fully. Certain things were essentially necessary to secure communion. 1\. Love in the heart. 2. Confidence in one another. 3. Cosfidence in Christ, the centre of hope and joy. We had need ofi these things. Even the apostles felt the deep craving for human sympathy; even Christ longejd and prayed for it mightily. Jesus promised to hallow it, and there were many bright Scripture examples of its 'blessed effects. This communion was to be promoted by various means, and when realized it presented the most perfect foreshadowing of Heaven that could be seen on earth. The Rev. T.! Allen said it seemed that his subject—the " Life Everlasting"—was too deep, sacred, impbrtaut to be entered upon at that late hour. One must live through a whole eternity to be able to talk fully and profitably about everlasting life. There was an instinctive craving in; every human breast for the everlasting, This was more than endless existence. -Fallen angels and lost souls had that. It was independent of externals entirely, began and continued in rightness of heart. He could not enter upon all the aspects of the subject, as it was so vast. The choir sang very creditably, and the proceedings closed with the heuediction. HIST FOR " UNOHOO."—A respected member of tbe medical profession writes as follows : — " I really pity you, I do, my dear afflicted ' Unohoo.' Unhappy victim that you are of those fierce insects, and bizarre, yclept mosquitoes, and would fain prevent your suffering the pain inflicted by their vile probosce? (and don't they terrify the 'osses !'); and, with this view, I would suggest that Lin. Camphorce Co.'s the best wherewith to touch your hands and nose, your forehead, cheeks, and eke your toes, before into your bed you turn. Don't mh it in, or it will burn your evidently tender skin; and this I'm sure would be a tin.—'Verb. Sap (that is ' for wise men's noddles'), 's enough. I'm off. Yours truly, Toddles." SOUTH AUSTRALIAN STOCK.—By the Coorong on Tuesday were shipped to Melbourne, on behalf of the Hon. John- Baker, Prince of Darkness, a brown colt, by Lucifer, out of Blacic Bess, and an Arabian entire. The former is a strong wiry colt, with plenty of quality, and is likely to suit the fancy of judges in the neighbouring colony, where he is to be offered for sale. The latter we are informed is not intended for sale. 