THE OPENING OF THE SCHOOL CHURCH, LHFEVBB*S PENINSULA. For some time psst the attendance at the Sabhath school at ue Peninsula has ao largely increased rs to warrant the erection of a suit able building in that locality. This work has been accomplished : and the edifice will also be used as an Episcopalian plaee of worship. The Committee appointed have worked well in the matter. An eligible site was obtained olose to the ma»n read to the beach, and Mr. E. J. Woods de-igned a very neat structure. Mr. J. Williams, builder, has carried out this design fa a most efficient manner for the sum of £430. The structure is built of Dry Creek stone, with cement dressing. The length of the building is 40 feet 2 inches, and width iS feet 14 inches. The rooffU of iron, and mounted at each gable end t*y en ornamental cross. The entrance po-ch is a very neat addition. The interior bas a very pleasing appearaneo, the lining of the roof andthetuppone being of light wood, nicely polished ; and tiiere is a chancel which contain* a very nice stained glass window. On Thursday afternoon the ceremony con nected with the opening of the building vu performed fa an imposing fores. There waa a very large attends oe. Amongst those who took part fa the proceeding* were His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, the Vrry R-t. I'ean SussdU, the Ven. Arohdmeon Harryat, Her. ? anon. Dove, the Revs. Morse. Jeukfaa, and Pollitt. The Rev. Mr Green (pastor), placed himself at die head of a pro oeuiun whiah was formed outside the day ?choolropm, and waa composed of the {sabbath scholars, bearing banners, the choir fa their surplioes, and the clergymen already named, and aa they moved towards the Church they sang the Processional Hymn. On arriving at the entranced the Church tha school children formed a lire on either side of the approach, through which the ministers and choir walked fata the Church, whilst the Even Song was substituttd by the choir, after which the fol lowing speoW psalms were chanted, Tic, viii, oxix., and exxvii. The lessons for the occa sion were read by the Rev. Mr. Morse aad the Bev. Canon Dove. Hu Lordship having repeated the Lord's Prayer, intoned the following, the choir lanting the replies:— 'Our help is fa the Name of the Lord, who hath made heaven and earth. O God. make speed to aave us. O Lord, make haste to help us. Teach me, O Lord, the way of Thy statutes, and I shall keep it unto the end; give me understanding aad I shall keep Thy law. O Lord, hear our prayer, and let our cry oome ante Thee.' Ui liordshfathenofferedthefoUowfagprayer :— 'Almighty and merciful God, graciously bow down Thine ear to the petitions of Thy humble servants. HsllowwiththemigUThy tdessingthis school-house erected for tha instruction of Thy children, and vouchsafe tha sift af Tk» mn to all who oome to learn within it, Oat they may grow up fa Thy faith and fear, and obtain remission of all their sins, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen,' 'O God, the Holy Ghost, pour down, we pray Thee, Thy mercy upon Thy pastors and teacher* who shall minister in this place, that they may he biassed and hallowed by Tfaypresenoa, and that the tullnea* of Thy sevenfold gifts may rest upon sll Thy children, through Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen.' After the afaging of the 383rd hymn, His LoBDSHir gave an eloquent address, alluding to the vital importance of children being educated by means of the wisdom eon tafaed fa the Scriptures. He pointed out to parent* how absolutely it was their duty to train their ohildrento aknowledge of theirduty towards the Almighty, as also their behavior to their neighbors, for unless they aspired to blessings of eternal life, their present lives would prove a. failure. Therefore it was necessary that religion and education should go hand fa hand. In oonolusion, he rejoiced at the suooesaful completion of that Inrilaing, and trusted that fa it there would be giwn instruction to their children, and that on the Lord'* Day the community would assemble therein fa order to hear the Word of God. Be mentioned that whilst the education would be secular, the greatest care would be taken to pr- vent giving offenoe to any other denomfaa *;__ u_ .. . ? ? I d..i au. ? - ? * - _* rf*q_.a Mull, L&O; |nvjou w«l tW WEHUlf VI UVU might rest upon the building and all assembled therein. A hymn having been sung, the Bishop pro nounced the benediction, after which the Ke ceasiooal Hymn dosed the proceedings. la theeTeningamostretAmAt musical soiree, interspersed with readings, was given fa the school-room, which was filled with a . large audience for the occasion, and tile proceeds are to be devoted to the budding fund. His Lord ship tile Bishop prended. The entertainers were— the Misses Thomas and Magrath, Mrs. Walters, and Messrs. Hawker, Daahwood, and Crooks; the Revs. Messrs, Green and Reid, Mr. Oro^ksj an*i mptftftr gentleman, t-nlprg it fa turns to preside at tbe pianoforte. The Bishop also gave an amusing reading. Enoores and well-merited applause were be stowed on the efforts of tbe performers, and a most pleasant entertainment oonoluded about 10 o'clock, before which, however, Totes of thanks to His Lordship and the ladies were aooorded, aad suitably acknowledged, and the National Anthem snag. 