NEW ZEALAND. The Bluff, Deer. 6. The Crown Prosecutor has been instructed ' to proceed against Mr Bain, late master of the wrecked vessel City of Newcastle, who has absconded to Auck- laud. Caledonian shares, £15 10s. The action of the Seaman's Mutual Benefit Society is creating dissatisfaction. They dictate that wages shall be £10 per month for the run home, and £6 for coasting voyages . The Cliristchureh Provincial Council has voted £600 towards a local exhibi tion, in anticipation of that at Vienna in 1878. The Golden Gate Company. — Judgment was delivered by His Honor the Chief Justice, in the Supreme Court, on Tuesday, on the application to quash an order of Judge Hackett's, for the winding-up of the Golden Gate Company, Raspberry Creek. A similar application to that submitted to the Supreme Court, was made before Mr Acting-Judge Bowman, at Beechworth, some time since, a heavy bar being retained in support of, and against the application. The Supreme Court has made the rule absolute, setting aside the order made by Judge Hackett to wind up the company on the petition of the Colonial Bank, which claimed to be a creditor for £3,200. The validity of the order was impugned on several grounds, the shareholders alleging that the bank had been guilty of very sharp practice, amounting to an imposition on the judge — first, in giving only two days' notice of the application to wind up ; and secondly, in concealing from the judge facts which would show that there was really no debt due to the bank. On the first ground the Supreme Court was of opinion that although the notice was extremely short, still it was a matter for the discretion of the judge to act upon it, and his discretion would -not be interfered with. As to the other point, the Court held that there was no debt due to the bank, and that the judge had, therefore, no jurisdiction to wind up the company. As the parties prin cipally interested are two bapks— on the one side the Colonial, and pn,the>pther the Bank of Victoria— it is not improbable that the case will be taken to tbe Privy Council. I The Wangaratta Hospital Fete. — A cor- J yesnondent writes : — The towns of Amherst, . " -"olly, in the Western ais- Maryborougu.snaA"—- trict, have each had their fete ill uid oi zoom charities. Beeeh worth opened the ball in the North-East, and had, doubtless, the largest gathering of all. Now Wangaratta is pre paring for a great gala on the 26th inst., though the time of year is not of the coolest, and harvest is unusually late, doubtless tend ing to keep some away ; still it is a joyous time, and all who possibly can will feel inclined to join in the fun and second tbe efforts of tbe committee. Overtures have ,been made to the Chinese, who so greatly assisted at Beechworth, to further increase their help to the charities of the district by coming to Wangaratta on this occasion, a large coach having been placed at their dis posal. Some novelties iu this part of tbe colony will be found on tbe ground set apart for amusement. " Shooting at the eagle" (a German game, we believe) will attract many, as the first prize is a really handsome silver cup, presented to the committee for this purpose by Messrs Raphael and Co., aud several minor prizes will be given away to lucky marksmen. Tilt-at-the-ring will test the horsemanship, keenness of eye, aad perfection of balance of the Wangaratta yeomanry ; the ring is soon to he erected for practice on the market reserve. " A ride over Jordan, or the man in the barrel," is such screaming fun that it must be seen to be fully appreciated. Tbe preparations for Richardson's Show are almost complete, including a thrilling tragedy, strangely com- biued willi harlequin, columbine, and panta loon ; and when we say that Miss Kate Foley will be tbe graceful columbine, it will be seen that it bids fan- to b9 a success ; added to this, tbe heavy father of the piece is believed to be tbe heaviest father known on the boards. Messrs Kett, Burro wes, andDunpby will undertake the control of tbe mysteries of Aunt Solly; and it is stated that Mr Sloane will appear on thai day only as II Baxbiere. One of the local bank gentlemen will play the game of " doodle-'em-buck there will be a capital floor for dancing; foot races, novel back races, boys' races, &c.;, will abound. The theatre is to be 70ft. by 20ft., with the regular platform outside for the promenading of the performers. King Carraragarmuiigee and his tribe are to attend, and it is to be hoped they will not be put to flight by the really awful appearance of the " bunyip- bunyip," which is being kept alive at great expense, especially for the festival. The various friendly societies, all the councils of tho surrounding shires, and the local pnblic bodies, have signified their intention to be present and assist to bring tbe affair to a successful issue. The Foley troupe are to do some daring aud gallant feats. There could scarcely be a source of greater excitement than tbe great Roman chariot mile-race between father aDd daughter ; or the Blondin ascension, on a wire rope 300ft. long, at a height oi 50ft. from the ground ; as well as Mr Holloway's startling swinging trapeze in mid-air. A squadron of Turkish troops, raised by Mr J. J. Tucker, have been enthu siastically drilling under Mr Byan duriug the last week, and their pretty uniforms will add much to the effect of the entire scene. Many kind offers oS assistance are being constantly received. Mr J. Grant will pass all persons connected with the procession free through the toll from S&a.m.; to 6 p.m., and lends the timber for the erection of Richardson's Show. The sale of booths takes place on- Monday next, at 2 p.m.r at Powell's Royal Victoria Hotel ; and, considering that there will be a large concourse of thirsty souls, high rates should be realised from the caterers: The endeavors to initiate and carry out this fete ;are so creditable to all concerned, that we hope the general public will equally well respond on tbe occasion by their presence. Church of England Concert, Growlee's Greek. — On "Wednesday evening this- long- expected treat came off in the school-room, Growler's Creek, th& building being fflled from end to end by an audience which seemed fully to appreciate the very excellent pro gramme prepared for the occasion, and which with one slight exception was admirably carried out. It would be not only invidious, but presumptuous, to attempt particularising any separate amateur of the maay who kindly rendered their services on this occasion, hut it must be confessed that the singing of Mrs Mackay and Mr C. Reid, together with the reading of Mr Crone, added a charm to the evening's entertainment, which would have been sadly missed bad they been absent. Notwithstanding the occurrence of one of those unfortunate local coincidences — and not the first — it so happened that a galaxy of clerical talent assembled at Bright, where a tea-meeting was held tho same evening as the concert, but although doubtless this circum stance somewhat affected tbe attendance at each of the assemblages, yet it is a matter of satisfaction that the concert was a great success. There were between 160 and 200 persons present, and the funds of the church will benefit to the extent of over £20. The Police Force. — Owing to the delay of the Government in bringing in the promised bill for tbe better regulation of tbe police force, Mr John Orr has deemed it incumbent to bring under tbe notice of the Legislative Assembly some of tbe grievances under which the members of the force labor. The follow ing notice of motion was given by the member for the Murray district in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday : — " To call the atten tion of the Chief Secretary to the present state of the police force, and to ask — 1. If he has received a petition signed by the members of the police force, asking for the introduction of a bill dealing with the police reward fund, and making provision for a superannuation allowance to aged and infirm members of the force. 2. If it is the fact that certain members of the force who held the rank of sergeant, and were promoted to the rank of sub-inspector, as a reward for specially meritorious services, are still retained at sergeant's pay, and thus, through having to go to greater expenses for uniform, etc., are placed in a worse position than formerly." Inebriates Treatment Bill. — A 1 bill, known as tbe Inebriates Treatment Bill, having for its object the providing an easy and inexpensive means for temporarily confining persons addicted to extensive drinking, was passed through all its stages in the Legis lative Council on Tuesday evening. Some amusement was caused by the endeavors of honorable members to define an habitual drunkard, one member considering that a man who was drunk once a year for twenty yearn came under that designation, while another doubted whether the judges would consider a man who was drunk for a month at a stretch in that light. Special Grants to Shire Councils and Road Boards.— A return wa3 laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday of the special grants made to shire councils and road boards, during the four years from 1st July, 1868, to 30th June, 1872 ; also the amount of the subsidies paid under the Shires and Local Government Statutes. The local bodies mentioned in the list number 107, all except a few of which shared in -the distribu tion. The- special grants were chiefly for bridges, and thegross totals were as follow:: —Special grants,. £73,826 lis Id; bridges under the Shires and Local Government Acts, £6,451 15s 3d ; main roads, £194,062 10s 3d. The Mining Population. — The following memorandum relative to the mining popula tion of the colony has been drawn up in the Wniw aartm«t: he year 1871, which were published in the Government Gazette of the 6th inst., show that there were in Victoria 52,411 gold miners. This number differs but little from that given in the last report of the mining surveyors and registrars for the quarter ended 30th September, 1872, wherein it is computed that the number of gold miners was 54,347, or 1,936 miners more than tbe census return for 1S71. The census figures do not include 665 persons engaged in mining, as whim drivers, watchmen on claims, mining carters, mine proprietors, managers, officers of mining companies, &c.; It is well known that there is a considerable number of men who can earn their livelihood partly by mining and partly by agricultural and other pursuits, as the seasons change and become more favor able to one or tbe other. What these men would denominate themselves in the census it js impossible to say, but as their opinions differed, so would they write themselves agriculturists or miners. The slight disparity in the figures above quoted will thus be sufficiently ac counted for. The method in use for enumer ating the miners in each division and sub division will hardly permit of the surveyors' and registrars' returns being otherwise than accurate, and it is now made evident that the returns of those gentlemen are prepared as carefully and correctly as the circumstances of their enumeration render possible. It is due to tho officers above mentioned who are engaged on the gold-fields in the preparation of the mining statistics that the correctness of their figures, as proved by the census returns, should be acknowledged. According to the registrar-general's tables, it appears that there were 3,235 persons engaged in mining who were under 20 years of age, and 40,176 persons over that age. In addition to these, one female was returned as an alluvial gold-miner, and two as gold-miners or miners or diggers under 20 years of age, and three females alluvial gold-minex-3, two puddlers, two quartz-crushers, &e.;, ,and four gold- miners, miners, or diggem over that age. In the year 1861 there were 143 women in cluded in the census returns as miners, but only 14 in tbe returns for 1S71." Railway Extension. — A promise has been made to the effect that the purchase of the Hobson's Bay railway, with a view to its being utilised in the extension of railway communication to Gippsland, is to receive the attention of the Government daring tho recess. Mr Gillies stated in the Assembly on Tuesday, that the Engineer-in-Chief would be instructed to inspect and report upon the suburban line, with th8 view, no doubt, to its ultimate purchase. It is to bo taken for granted that the Government will give its attention to railway extension in other portions of the colony during the recess, so that prompt action may be taken for tbe commencement of the works after the re-assembling oi Parliament. North-eastern Railway. — Although the works on the North- Eastern Railway are making comparatively slow progress, owing to the great scarcity of labor, consequent on the demand for harvest men, matters have so far advanced on the second section that it is expected that the line will "be opened to Violet Town, a further distance of twenty miles, by the end of January ; the length of the line then opened will be nearly 120 miles. Some time is likely to elapse before the bridg9 over the Broken River is completed, but no great delay should take place until the line is opened to that portion cf the town on the Violet Town side of the river. Rents of Selections. — Reports having been spread to the effect that it was the intention of tho Minister of Lands to stringently enforce payment from free selectors of the half-yearly rent of their land, as soon as it became due, Mr Casey, in the Assembly on Tuesday, took the opportunity afforded him by a question from Mr Wilson, to emphatically deny the truth of the reports. He said that it had always been his desire to assist the selectors, and he had no intention now of crippling them by enforcing payment of the rent as soon as it was due. If a selector could show that it was from no laches of his own that he was unable to pay, time wonld be granted him for that purpose. Utilisation of Lunatic Labor. — A propo sal has recently been made to the Govern ment to utilise the services of some of the lunatics in our asylums by employing them on a farm to be established in some suitable position. The proposal was remitted to Dr Paley for his consideration and report. This report has been submitted to the ;Government, but has not yet been finally dealt with. It is however, not likely that the proposal will be carried out, as there are several grave objec tions to it, one of the principal being the great cost of maintenance and supervision. A statement to this effect was made in the Assembly by the Chief Secretary in reply to a question from Mr Burtt. Wangabatta Police Court. — At this court on Wednesday George Jones was brought before tbe mayor for being drunk and dis orderly and was discharged. George Turner, similarly charged, was fined Is, or in ' default six hours' imprisonment. There was no other business. A Ghost.—Considerable excitement has existed at Back Creek, in the Stanley neigh- bourhood, for some weeks past, owing to a a report that a certain spot was haunted by a ghost. Dire was the tribulation into which some of the married ladies fell, when their husbands were absent after dark, in case they—the husbands, not themselves—should be swallowed by the horrid apparition. By the few persons who had seen, or alleged they had seen, the spectre, the most diverse accounts were given as to its appearance ; in one particular, however, all agreed, namely, that it had a head something like that of a horse. After the residents had succeeded in sufficiently frightening each other and them- selves, one gentleman more daring than the rest announced his intentien of endeavouring to capture the ghost, or of dying in the attempt. The noble resolution was duly acted on, and the ghost captured. It proved to be the bleached skeleton, of a horse's head placed on a pole, which some one with more leisure than brains was in the habit of placing in position at night, and removing as soon as daylight made its appearance. Wodonga Licensing Court.— Renewals of publicans' licenses were granted, at the Wodonga Licensing Court, on Monday to James Bambrick, Alexander McKay, Mary Ann King, Thomas Weeks, Josiah Berryman, W. O. McFarlane, H. J. Smith ; a new license to H. J. Grimes, Barnawartha. The appli cation of J. T. Hatch was refused, the build ing being in an incomplete state ; that of Thomas Scott, for a house at Tintaldra, was adjourned for a fortnight, a grocers' license was granted to E. J. H. Hallerman. Renewals of colonial wine licenses were granted to Patrick O'Connor, Ellen Tyghe, Mary Parker, and J. T. Hatch. Temporary licenses were granted to James .Bambrick,. Alexander Mackay, and Mary Ann King for booths at the Wodonga racecourse on the 26th and 27th inst. A stage-carriage license, was granted to George Filmer for a coach to ply between Wodonga and Albury. I Cricket.— A match between the first eleven of the Wangaratta cricket club, and a ojmilar utunber of Chiltern arranged to come oft on the ground oi U latter on Saturday. Wangaratta is said » intend bringing a strong team into the field, and some good play is expected. The Case of Mr George Stewart. -After innumerable delays, the Assembly has tatea action in the case of Mr George Stewart for- merly governor of the Beechworth Gaol, but only to refuse to adopt the report of the select committee, recommending hi3 reinstatement. The Honse having gone into committee oi Tuesday evening, Mr James moved the adoption of the report of the select committee, which was to the effect that they hadcon- sidered all the evidence of a board appointed to investigate charges respecting the gaol at Beechworth, and also of a hoard appointed tft investigate respecting the dismissal of Mr Stewart from the public service; and that they were of opinion there was nothing ta justify Mr Stewart's dismissal, and therefore recommended his re-instatement in the public service. The hon. member contended there had been nothing wrong found against Hf Stewart by the select committee, and that he had been unjustly punished, as he was the only person dismissed. Mr Francis said the result of the examination of the board ap- pointed was that the Beechworth gaol was in an utter state of disorganisation, aud they re commended not only that Mr Stewart, but number of warders and others under him should be dismissed, and they were dismissed. He had carefully read all the papers and evidence, and he was convinced the select committee could not have read the evidence, or they would not have reported in favor of Mr Stewart's re-instatement. Some discus sion ensued, but Mr Francis declined to have the matter re-opened, and the resolution wa3 negatived. Beechworth Police Court. — Messrs J . S. Alley, P.M., and G. R. Berry, J.P., were ott the bench at this court yesterday. Joseph Willis, charged with having been drunk and disorderly, was fined 5s, with the alternative of twelve hours' imprisonment. — John Lewis, alias "Black Jack," was further remanded until Monday next. — William Miller, who was charged with obstructing Constable Ward in the execution of his duty was fined £2, to ba levied by distress, and in default seven days imprisonment. The case of J. Brown v Las- celles. claim £1 12s 3d, goods sold and de- livered, was postponed until Monday, and in J. Brown v Matheson, claim ISs 6d, an order was given for the amount, with 3s 61 costs. Illegal Occupation of Crown Lands. — It has come to the knowledge of the President of Lands that a number of persons in different parts of the colony are in unauthorised oc cupation of Crown lands, and that the Crown lands' bailiffs have taken no action concerning it. Mr Casey has therefore directed that intimation be sent to all salaried bailiffs that those who neglect to check trespass on Crown lands in their district will be suspended. A Human Ostrich. — Mr Legarde, the stone- swallower and chain-eater, now showing at the Colosseum, says a contemporary, is cer tainly one of the most extraordinary per formers ever seen in Melbourne. He is a slim, handsome young man, with a moustache, and comes round the audience in his acrobat's dross of tights, carrying a plateful of smooth round pebbles, like large marbles. Opening his mouth, he requests one of the audience to put in a stone, which is done with much euriosity, Legarde swallows the stone unmis- takeably. Then he goes to another person, and is fed with stone No. 2. In this way he swallows about forty of a night. There can be no deception about the affair. The stones are actually swallowed; and when Legarde has done he allows any one to shake his stomach and feel the stones. He then trips behind the scenes, and after an interval, comes out for his chain performance. Taking a long dog-chain, he carefully lets it down into his stomach, and draws it np again. These operations are certainly very uncomfortable to look at, and we would rather pay not to see them, but they are undoubtedly bona fide. Produce Market. — Messrs Noyes and Reed, produce dealers, Melbourne, report under date 11th instant, that the market for bread- stuffs still continues dull ; millers are unwill ing to give the prices asked for by holders of wheat, and bakers only purchase for imme diate requirements ; large lines of wheat in bond have changed hands for shipment daring the . week ; the market being thus eased an increased demand may be expected before long. Sales have been made at the following quotations : — Flour, fine silk dressed, £15 103 to £16 per ton ; second quality, £12 10a to £14 10s ; bran, lOid to Is 2d per bushel ; sharps, Is 4d to Is 6d ; pollard, Is 2d to Is 4d : wheat, 6s 4d to 6s 6d ; second quality, 5s 6d to 6s ; inferior, 4s 10d to 5s 3d ; oats, milling, 3s 4d to 3s 6d ; feed, S3 2d to Ss 4d ; barley, maltiDg, 5s 9d to 6s 6d ; Cape, 3s 9d to 4s 3d; maize, 3s ; potatoes, £4 10s to £5 per ton. Morning and Evening Newspapers. — The foUowing very just comments, as they seem to us, on the unfair way, in which the recent reduction in the rate of evening messages, weighs on journals which are published in the evening are from the Herald : — Mr Langton has stated that he can make no concession to the evening papers in the matter of the tele graphic charges. Between the hours of 6 and 8 p.m., press messages can be sent at a reduced rate, but this does not effect evening papers, which are compelled to send their messages away before 3 p.m.. Now that the European cablegrams are arriving more regu larly, the charge for messages is a very ssrious item, and it is hard that the morning papers should have this advantage as well as every other. Could not Mr Langton see his way to allowing half-an-bour in the day time for the evening papers, say from half-nast 1 to 3 p.m. ? Yiolet Town Licensing Court.— Renewals of publicans' licenses were granted at this court on Wednesday to Messrs Williams, P. Keane, and J. Underwood, of Yiolet Town ; Messrs J. Deboos, Millard, and Beaton, of Euroa ; Mr Dunning, Duck Ponds ; Mr J. Burke, Five-mile Creek ; and Mr R. Moffatt, of Muddy Creek. A hawkers' license was granted to Mr Black, of Yiolet Town. Mr W. Butler, P.M., and Mr Gall, J.P., were on the bench. Koetong Tin. — A splendid sample of Koe- tong stream tin, with pieces as large as marbles, has reached us, and may be in spected at our office by those desirous of making themselves acquainted with the stan- iferous wealth of the Upper Murray district. In our next will appear an account of a visit to Koetong, with a description of the many wonders the writer saw on his arrival at his destination. The Proposed Bridge over the Kiewa River, at Baranduda. — In regard to this question, a correspondent writes : — " The Yackandandah Shire Council have called for tenders for the constrnction of the long- promised bridge. Tenders will be received on or before the 17th January next. On Tuesday last two of the local councillors paid a visit to the Kiewa, for the purpose of ascer taining the site fixed upon for the erection, but were unsuccessful in finding it. It would seem a more reasonable course to first defi nitely fix the site, and then invite tenders. |S| Spiritual Intelligence. — Spiritual matters HI are frequently treated of at tea meetings, but Hi a pleasant variety was lent to one of these entertainments a few evenings since by the flv communication of intelligence which some evil spirit had transmitted through the wire, and endeavored to palm oh as matters of fact. Bright intellects were for the moment led away by the intelligence, but only for the moment ; the excitement caused by the in- iHP fasion of the Chinese shrub having evaporated the usual grain of salt was applied to the spiritual communication, but it failed to stand \- the test. As a warning to spirits in general) H and electric spirits in pariiculai, not H to again interfere in the purveyiug of HH news, we publish the particulars of the IjE1 intelligence, in order that they may blush if such spirits possess so modest an accomplisli- Hh| mcnt — for their falsity: — Beechworth Chinese Camp burned down ; a loss of three thousand pounds sustained ; fire supposed to have been caused by Joss taking an additional pipe Hi after Mrs Joss had retired. Most of the ovc-r- land telegraph posts have been chawed up by iBflSlr arl's ' dve thousand four hundred and thirty- ISvMb nine of the " varinin" were choked by the Bpy - insulators. The Education Bill Las passed through all its stages with the full approval H of Mr O'Sbanassy ; Mr Gavan Duffy has been H| appointed first Minister of Education, but a |K protest has been entered against his cppoiut- ment by Bishop Goold. H On Dit. — It is rumored that Sir Francis K Murphy, while on bis recent electioneering trip, foregathered somewhere with a gentleman HV holding a leading position among the Roman Hp- Catholics of this district. In the course of a K: friendly conversation Sir Francis pleasautlv fjftsj; suggested that as his interlocutor aud himself Mil Were couutlTmeni the former could do ?''' |'i; nothing better than aid him (Sir Francis) in canvass. " I think," was what oar Scotch BL ' fl1 fin <1 e nr Aril /I aaII 4-1-ia ( «am! huuiu v.j.u buc jja iky jlcjjm, UUVllSL'l EggM Pastoral letter would do you far more good, nip . Sir Francis, than all my canvassing." g , The Juries Statute Bile. — The Juries Statute Bill, which proposed to make a \ irdict of three- fourths of the jury legal, was RE-V Tuesday night amended by message from i -e Governor, so as to limit the measure to civil actions only. Tho proposed amendment ,„'.ve several legal members of the House au ! ifirfo Opportunity of expressing their disapproba- IBV-.'.;.tion of the bill, which they alleged had only j Mgri "-'Bussed into law in consequence of the ! 191:, . absence of the professional men from the J |Hp /-House one evening when the gentlemen who BBS/ had charge of the bill took the opportunity of : BpSE; rushing it through. The malcontents were i Iglif Messrs Purves and F. L. Smyth, who moved ! the adjournment of the debate, with a view t > MSy- having discussion on the measure reopened, i This was, however, negatived, and ihe ; Sp amendment proposed was agreed to without a j lBf| division. j Hg| A Tiur to tue Buffalo. — Our Bright cor- j ; fees respondent writes " The party made up of ; B the several clergymen now visiting Bright, an 1 1 : H supilemented by several residents, started ; K| for the Buffalo mountain on this morning j , H| (Thursday) at five o'clock ; but have been T most unfortunate, inasmuch as the rain com- ' meneed about seven o'clock and has continued B falling steadily since. H A New Magistrate. — On Wednesday, llib H instant, Mr Wm. H. Maxwell, of Wodonga. H who has been gazetted a territorial magistrate HP for nearly six months, was sworn in before Captain Brownrigg, P.M., a writ of dedimus 81 potcstatcm having been forwarded for that jgB> purpose. Mr Maxwell after taking the magis- Sf terial oaths at once took his seat on the bench. Be| -ei by way of a beginning fined an uuroriu- tMH iate inebriate the sum of five shillings. (90 Supply. — a short bill for the appropriation m. £170,000 for the service of 1S71-2, aud jffl" i SB, 000 for 1S73, was passed through all its fl Stages on Tuesday, aud immediately after its 9 passing the Governor came down to the House and gave his assent to it. Concert at Wodoxga. — A correspondent SI writes : — An amateur concert took place on Ff Tuesday evening at the Mutual Improvement 1 Society's Hall, Wodonga, in aid of the funds j of St. Luke's Church. The local amateurs j were kindly assisted by several ladies and ; gentlemen from Albury, Mr Alpen presiding at the pianoforte. The singing by the ladies was remarkably good, in fact so much so that I it would be difficult to choose between them. Three solos by very young ladies were admir ably executed, considering their .ages. Mr Samuel Hollister, from Yackandandah, gave 'J several songs, among which may be inen- I tioned ' Alonzo the brave and the fair I Imogene," " I cannot sing the old songs," and !; a Chinese song. As it was that gentleman's j y Srst appearance in Wodonga, he took us com- /, ' iMetely by surprise. Mr J. Walker Jones, of f tilbury, gave a reading from the " Innocents A Abroad," choosing that portion referring to i ifee Fergusons or Grinder ; Mr Baker's recita- lion of " Miss Flora MeFiimsey, or nothing to .ear," was very well received, being a very j instructive piece, and containing a moral for V't .sexes. The accounts are not all to hand, « It it is expected the proceeds will be satis- | |tory. I iteviEW. — Another valuable contribution to ; ihe medical literature of the colony has been furnished by Dr Beaney, who has acquired a :| high reputation both as a surgeon, and a j writer on a certain class of diseases, the | existence of which it is the fashion to ignore. » The subject dealt with by Dr Beaney in this his latest work — " Constitutional Syphilis" — is one that cannot be freely discussed in the ftalumns of a newspaper, but it may be said that that gentleman has done good service in treat ing of a matter of the highest importance to the social, physical, and it may even be said, ri ihe moral well being of the community. By the publication of this work, Dr Beaney will eonfer a public benefit ; in it he points out a W»y of escape to sufferers from the injuries I ,i«n their constitution, and the frauds made on their purses by impudent eharlatans. To ; ! tuoh sufferers we advise a careful perusal of , ' Ur Beaney's book, and to the profession " enerally we venture to commend it to their i Unsideration. The book is published by Mr ri\ F. Bailliero, and in every way adds to his > papulation, the plates especially being executed / in a manner that would reflect credit upon I lay London firm. Vote fob Education — In committee of lapply, in the Assembly, on Tuesday, the for education was assented to. The _ , .surer asked for an increase of the ' ' nnt on the estimates by £20,000, making total amount of the vote £220,000 ; the Sftotion was assented to without remark. I Butherglen. — Impounded — red and white 1 fcallock, lame near fore leg, near ear slit, slit | « tip off ear, like 90 put on top of W near ' iatn, J'1 near rump, like qC with other brand 3 loin ; strawberry steer, off ear slit, WS off imp. (Chiltern. — Impounded — Bay mare, star, S over R or Pn 3 off shoulder; brown mare, star, off fore fetlock white, GFM near neck &&n; pony mare BD over M near shoulder /;vWC off shoulder ; dark chesnut horse, bald' j ' 1 ee, small W over CB near shoulder, P in irele near thigh, shod; bay horse, off hind ;»el white, large CE over H near shoulder, ( it near thigh ; small chesnut filly, HH over r j j near shoulder ; white yearling heifer, MM l' u 1 rump and ribs ; roan or iron-grey pony . . «, like 61 or 67 near shoulder, JA oil '3 I ;dder. This mare was imponnded on the S May, escaped 24th May, recovered 3rd : . junber, and escaped 6th Septenber. Last !r ' i -er 420. The Weather. — Heavy rain commenced to fall at an early hour yesterday morning, and continued almost without intermission during the whole of the day. The change, as the weather seems to have been general in all parts of the district, and indeed throughout the colony ; from Bright, "Wodonga, and other places we learn by telegram that it had been raining hard all day, and that it |was feared great injury would bejdone to the crops. In the evening, a thunderstorm passed over Beechworth, the flashes of lightning being unusually vivid, but so far as can learn no injury v,'as caused thereby. As harvesting has generally commenced in this portion of this portion of the colony, there is reason to apprehend that considerable damage has been done by the rains, and the injury win oe greatly increased should a change to fine weather not speedily take place. Mr Stanley's Nationality. — What country has the honor of claiming Mr Stanley, the discoverer of Livingstone, is a problem exciting a great interest in North Wales, and formed one of the principal topics of conver sation at the recent Eisteddfod at Portmadoc. It is still maintained, in the face of Mr Stanley's denial in his letter to Mr Ollivant, that he is a Welshman ; and, if the proofs brought forward iu support of this assertion are to be relied on, Mr Stanley's repudiation of Welsh blood is, to say the least, very re- markable. A Caernarvon paper has sent a representative to "interview" Mr Stanley's reputed mother, Mrs Jones, the Iaudlady of the Cross Foxes Inn, at Glascoed, near St. Asaph ; and in answer to his inquiry, she said she was the mother of Stanley, and that it would be impossible for her to deny it, even | if she wished. She produced four photographs of lier son taken at different times. The first was taken soon after he went .o America, about fifteen years ago ; the second during the American war ; tho third ; in Turkey, on his return from Abys- ; siaia : and the last in Africa. He has written something on the back of eaeh, and ! that taken in Africa includes his African j servant. They all correspond with ihe published likeness of the gentleman just returned from his Africau expedition. Mrs Toues also produced two books which had been given to her by her son. One is a " His lory of the Aybssiniau "War," and has the name of " Stanley" stamped on it; the oilier is a scrap book, containing hi3 corres pondence to the Missouri Democrat ou General Ilavelock's Indian expedition. Most cf these letters are signed " Stanley," and occasionally there are marginal and other notes in his own handwriting. The history given by Mrs Jones of her son's life is tints described : — " His real name is John Row lands, and he is now thirty-two years of age. He went out to New Orleans about fifteen years ag-L He was employed by a man named Stanley, and from him he adopted the name of Stanley. Wo next find him acting is special correspondent to the Missouri Democrat. Afterwards he j<>i:ie 1 the staff if the New York Herald. He lias now been hree times in Africa. He first went out as ; correspondent during the Abyssinian war. He then went to London, and returned again to Africa. He came again to England, and visited his mother at Glascoed. He next went- to the Continent, aud thence, of course, to Africa in search of Tilings tone. His family heard nothing more of Mr Stanley (otherwise Mr Rowlands) till the news cam a of his success and return. His brother and cousin went io meet him at Dover. Ho re cognised his brother first, aud came to him and said. " Well, Robert, how arc you ? " Brother aud cousin travelled with him from Dover to London. Lord Granville's carriage met Mr Stanley at the station, and it was there those who believed they were his Welsh relatives left him. Mrs Jones says she is going up to London io see Mr Stanley soon. The neighbours saw a gentleman named Stanley when he was at home in Wales about three years ago, and with them it is a settled fact that the Stanley of those days and the Stanley of the present is the man who discovered Livingstone. Among these we may mention the rector of Llanwyddaa, and, we believe, Sir Hugh Williams also." The Mercury likewise learns that he was bom iu 1840, and at three years of age entered the St. Asaph workhouse, where he remained until be was fourteen years old, when he became a school teacher at Mold. After this he emigrated to America, and was adopted by a man named Stanley, who intended to leave him his fortune, but died without making a will. From this gentleman he tool: his present name, and during the civil war joined the Southern army. Iu 1866 he re turned to England on furlough, aud gave a treat to the St. Asaph Workhouse boys, whom he addressed, urging them to avail themselves of the opportunity afforded them to improve their position, as he had done. Theso'facls in the main were repeated to our own repre sentative at the Portmadoc Eisteddfod by a lady whose name, if published, would be a;guarantee- of their truthfulness, and by a gentleman who conversed with Mr Stanley on his return from Abyssinia. Tin Mining at Eoetong.— Since the rich ness of the tin deposits at Koetong has been proved by the opening up of several of the claims, Melbourne capitalists are giving their attention to the locality. One claim is reported to have changed hands, within the last few days, the purchasers beincr a Mel. bounie firm, and the price paid the good round sum of £1150. South African News.— The Cape Argus of October 5th contains the following scraps of information in regard to Cape Colony, and the adjoining districts in which so many European miners are now at work: — "The Governor has returned to Cape Town from the Fields, where he was well received. Whilst there, His Excellency in a speech at. a public tiffin, said that he wonld propose to the Home Government that West Griqualand should be formed into a Crown colony, dis tinct from the Cape, with a legislature of its own. This was received with great cheering, and seems to have given the greatest satis faction to the diggers. A number of procla mations have been issued by the Goveruorj modifying various laws there existing to suit the peculiar circumstances of the inhabitants. All classes appear well satisfied with the result of Sir Henry Barkly's visit. During his stay he was invited to public dinners balls, &c.;, aud was everywhere received with enthusiasm. The despatch announcing the Royal assent to the Responsible Government Bill has arrived in the colony, but has not yet been published. There is much speculation as to the probable members of the first Ministry, but it is thought certain by many that Mr Molteno, member of the House of Assembly for Beaufort West, and leader of the Responsible Government party, will be the first Premier. A good deal of contro versy is going on among the members of the Anglican Church as to whether the successor of the Right Reverend Dr Gray, the Bishop of Cape Town, whose death occurred early in December last, should be selected from the bishops and clergy in South Africa or from the clergy in England. As a rule, the Ritu alists and Evangelicals are for making ihe Selection out of the presbyters in England, while the moderate men think the selection ought... to. be .made out of the bishops and clergy in hthe Chore of South Africa." 1 