A GHOST STORY. Lord Brougham tells the following glxost story of his father's :— " On all such subjects my father was very sceptical. He was fond of telling a story in which he had been an actor, and, as he used to say, in which his unbelieving obstinacy had been the means of demolishing what would have made a very pretty ghost stnry. He had been dining in Dean's Yard, Westminster, with a party of young men, one of whom was his intimate friend, Mr C»hnel. There uas some talk about the death of a Mrs Nightin gale, who had recentlj' die¡i under some mel ancholy circumstances, and had been buried in tbeC&.bbey. Some one. offered to bet that no one of those present would go down into the grave, and <lriv<> a nail into the coffin. Calmel accepted the wager, only stipulating that lie might h^ve a lantern. He was ac cordingly let into the cathedral by a door out of the clois'ers, and there left to himself. The party, after waiting an iiour or more for Cal mel. began to think something liad happened so him, and that he «>ught to be'looked after ; so tuy father and two or three more got a light and went to »he grave, at the bottom of which lay the apparently dead body of Mr Cainiel. He was qniekly transput ted. to the prebend's dining-room, and roc«>vored out of his fainting fit. As soon as he could find his tongue, he said : " Well, I have won my wager, and you'll find the nail in the coffin ; but, by Jovv ! the lady rose up, laid hold of me, and pulled rne down before I could scramble out of the grave-" " Calmel stuck to his story in spite of all the scoffing of his friends ; and the ghost of Mrs Nightingale would have been all over the town but ft>r niyfather's obstinate incredulity. Nothing would satisfy him but an ocular in spection of the grave and coffin ; and so, get ting a light, he and some of the party return ed to the grave. ..Títere, sure enough, was the uail, well driven into the coffin ; but hard fix ed by it was a bit of Mr Calmel's coaWail ! So there was an end of Mrs Nightingale's ghost. This grave afterwards became re markable for a very beautiful piece of sculp ture, by some celebrated artist, representing .Mr Nightingale vainly attempting to ward from his dying wife the dart of death." 