/KEEPING--OHRISTMAS: ) y;: .. . - (i-'rom Ohambers s Jpurpal.) - , ' Ypurtrue Briton is an .inconsistent creature. At home, nothing pleases him better thai! run ning down things English, and grumbling that they manage this, that, aud the 'other much better abroad. Send him abroad, aud he' is pever bo happy as when exhibiting lus native habits for the behoof of benighted foroigners. ' The very man who votes Christmas a bore, ,jts customs out of datq, and partakes of its pudding under protest, if Christmas-bound in some land where holly iq unknown, and the proper purpose of mistletoe ignored, will move lieayen antj earth to keep his Christmas after tlie mauner of Eng lishmen, taxing his resources and exhausting his wits to obtain a plum-pudding for Ips Christmas Day's dinner. Whether he be freezing ju the icy regions of the arctic zone, or swoltpring in 'the heat of tropical Bunshine, liowevor incongru ous his surroundings, the coming round of .the: great feast brings with it a hearty desire to "cele brate it duly ; and if ho cannot contrive to doso' exactly home-fashion, lie makes himself as merry as circumstances allow, congratulating himself,, like Mark Tapley, on being "jolly. uhder'dilfibuU' ties. ; 1 ;i In this spirit did' pur soldiers keep .Ohristiqaar. day iu Abyssinia, with the thermometer at seventy-five in the Bliado( tying bunohos of fir and what green branches they could get to the poles of their tents, aB substitutes, for more or-: thodox evergreens. Mr Henty, who dined with tlieofficsrs of the Third Native Infantry, was quite satisfied witli ,lijs ontoi'tainment. , Two enormous fir branches liuna aloft, beneath which the diniier-party made thomso'vos coinRi'tablo upon boxes and chairs of every possible height ; one man's chin appeariug : just above the table — said table consisting of packingoaso-lids — while his neighbour- had his knees on a level with his plate. The guests brought their own plates, kpives, forks, aud driuking-waro, so that the table when apt out ; liad tbo merit of varioty at least; enamelled iron, tin, pewter, glass, pnO orockiiry, all . putting in an appeifrauce. As to the provqnder, there was opqngh and to spare — spur-fowls, guinoa-fowls, venison, mutton, and r/solo representative of traditional dishos — a joint of roast beof. Boor tliero was none, not a siuglo bottle being proourable ip the camp j but eaon dinor had a bottlp of champagne to himBelf, so that, all things considered, the feast wa3 not unworthy of the season. ri, ? uu8 to General Muddle, tlie Crimean mmw , f t854 was anything but what it that ?-- I'uve been ; and the knowledge v„ ,, I'sr'ty of good things had been provided ,u' hoarts at homo, but which were aria / /0 uut where they were wantod, did not nnrio? » ? mrriment of our poor over- worked, bffm-i. urmy ; and although some dosporate aiirl ... W£l'0nuido to bo jolly on droary' outposts (in mi.1C0,.n. OI'tat>l0 trenches, tlioy only roBulted ZT Tu 6 fai'l!ro- The fol owi ng Ohristm as doubly enjoyable by compiuTsoh, The stubborn, fprtjrqss" bpd fallen at. Jpst to it? more stubborn' "assailants ; babit had deprived frost- and. snow of tlioir terrors, and every hut ran pvpr with hams, preserves, vegetables,, and mysteri ous tins, till jt resembled a grocer's store. The valleys of Miskomia, too, were rich in mistletoe, .to/ be had for the trouble of gatlioring ; but few cared to undergo the trouble for tho sake of what only reminded them of unattaipable swqpts', and made1 them high for the girls they had left b'qbind tnem. . The sayjoprs. of our Ifidikn empire )wpre)b9kvJy ; oheated out of their Christmas. The army was onoamped ntlntha, within sight of Nepaul, wait ing for the rain to clear off and .the tents to dry, ere it, moved ma/to. drive the ' SqpoyB. into tlie i Raptee. ; The skies cleared on Christmas morn- iuf?) and.Lord Clyde. yvas for marching at onco, but.relentpd ip timp to qavp thp men's puddings ; from being spoiled— not only relented, hut him self gave a Christmas bauquet, at whioh the favpnrqd'guests sat down to well-served 'tables, laden with barons of beef, turkeys' big enough to draw a. gig, grassffsd i mutton, - gapio. fish, truffled fows, and al tlie trjumplis qf the French cuisine — plum-puddings and mince-pies not being forgotten;;" To allay the thirst suoli substantial fare' croated, appeared, bpakerp of pate ale from Burton and Glasgow; porter from London and Dublin ; champagno, , juqsqllp,; sherry, pprt,. ''rather bothered by travelling; twenty miles, a., (lay , on oamei-back.!' . .Following/ the chief's example,: each- regiment, bad' a glorious spread, and .throughout the: wide, expanse: of tents sounds of merry. rejoicing were heard long after. the.' shades of -night descended; - I - ' The 'blue-japkets are generally -better hands tbaly the' red-boats at mproyising;a jqllifiqalipp rMacJc at' nny1 ratp dpes uet take' hjs'plcasuFe sadly.1 The .,gallant|h'anda.,tbat')bkTVffP1 '1 to lime' gone forth to a.blooiRpsp qgmpaigh'in) the icy north, have always managed to Uo'ep their Cbvistmai'|rjght joyously. Certainly tbpy 9fiuld nut cpmplnin ofmncongenial skies OFPf ynsqason- . able temperatures ; while, so far.as snow and ice : arp-pecpssary to thorough enjoyment, the supply : in the arctic regions is on a scale . sufficient to satisfy -the most ardent- admirer of an old- ; "tnshipued Christmas. Tfie frozon-in InvestiECtors : under M', Clare kept their; fir?t arotip Ghnstmas : sobeyly, ..cheerfully, and: i'1 good' fellowship, round, tables), groaning with good cheer, tin ithe : shape of Sandwich Island beef, musk veal from the, Prince ' of Wales' Strait, mince- pies from j Eugjauil,. splendid preserves from tlie Green Isle, and dainty rdishps from Scotland. r Every one talked qf- home, ;apd speculated respeating the doings of, ithe. dear ones tlippe ; and healths were drunk, not omitting those of their feiiow-Jabonr- ers sauntering somewliore in tlie regions about, hub how near er how far. away none could tell. When the festival oama - round' again, tlie In- vostigato'r and Enterprise, were alone in' their glory/aiid they were separated by miie,s)of frozen sea -'but they had solved the great problem'.' On board; thp Investigator, frqsLbOpnd : in . the , Bqy of Mercy, thingq . went as merry as the proverbial marriage-bell) " " After djvine service, everybody took a constitutional oi), "thp ,)ice until dinner time ; then the officers sat down to a meal of which the piece de resistance was a haunch of Banks/Islapd reipdper, weighipg.twenty pouuds, with, fat two .inches thick, and a most delicious flavour,'; while the ore.w were regaling upon venir soil and other goqd thipgf, double -allowance of grog included ; and. dinifer discussed; dancing, singing, aud skylarking" filled up . the holiday hours till bedtime V tlie fun being kept up with iunflaggipg, |iumpur, and .with, such propriety .withal, as to make their leader wish the anxious folks, at JioinpOOPlff . liavp .witpessed the scene created amidst 'bo niapy.. gloomy influences, by the;creiy of : a. ship, aftpr twp years' sojourn ip. :thp)se.. ico-bbiind regions',, nppp their own TCt; sources". Another Chrjstinas fqnnd the bravo Lellqws.still confined. in their snowy prison ; but i their ..tpblo boasted 'pium-qmdding; rich enough; i for arotic appetites, Banks' Land -venison, Mercy ; Bay bare-soup, ptarmigan pasties, ' and musk-ox ' ' beef — hung ; beef,' surely) seeing it ' had been :dangling'iir the rigging above two years. . The. poets among the men 'wrote songs ) making light : of the hardships they had endured ;' the painters exhibited/pibtures' df ' past . perils ; comic/ actors') iwbre not wanting ; and tliq whole OO.mpanyj cast? jing all' anxiety to the \yind?) enjoyed themselves ; to tlie utmost. '.' / / .) ! Sir Ethyard, Bbloher was waked up at .midnight ; on Christmas/eye, -/to hear his galiapV.Oi'eW sing a; Christmas ode of their own concoction : — p; 1 Awako, awake 1 the'Old Yoar?s!goiiig : ; : . ') ! . i Time flies.apaoo/ j Awako, awako ,1; the Now -Year's coming ' 1 To. take the: old one's place. . | ' - ! Arise, ''arise)! good shipmates all, ' ; . . : And do not danger fear ; / ', ; ) j 1 Arise, ' Mise ! good shipmates all, . ! ' ; To welcome' tho New Year. / ) : ) Goil bless our brave old commodore, ; . . ,: i : ' i -And our good, commander too.; ; S Not forgetting all. our officers, ' j Add onr true and gallant crow, .-y-i "-Hv,' «<r>r, j ' '-Sloop on again; and on your brows ' I | f. -r 'May'softTopbse'bb'seen I"'1 U '-'i- 1 / I -I Sleep on 'again: while' mo'urlay :'i! ')'' | r. G ii'Wq'll sing, God,;bloss the,' Qpebh ,!/ "', ///," ' Tliey had begun then- celebration of the hohpay, 'seasph by innkihg th'q shortest day qtill shorter by, a" p'erfbrmauee in' the, '/Queqn's' Arptiq Th'qatre, ' the programme consisting of a corncdy ' apd an apt pf Hamlot;" in whioh one amateur pjayed Laertes; (iniV the Ghost ;/ and another, more: ambitious yet) doubled : the parts" of Hamjet and the lady pf. 1)19, love. They fiuislied by driukiug Vibtpria's health) in some of her own port, and doing' jiistieo to a joint' "'of "Her Majestyp own beef, yvith sundry ad- liiubts suitable to the occasion. But in the matter of' comestibles, the Christmas phow made on board the little Fox stands alone hi; arotio experiences. ' The ship's'tablps were laicl put like a confeotiopor's counters1 : here pilps of applq puil goosebbrry tarts; there pyramids of sponge aud' plum "cakes anil ; loaves of bvory sizo and shape ; delicacies set. off " by' a' , back-ground of , nicely browned" hams,' meat pie; aiiil'; cheese. In the pf terhooii, the ' blfiders ' wer p enticed 'to join the men1; anil "later on,' Captain' M'CJiutooh himself joined : the -party; -and "found them all 'perfectly/ sober; pinging songs in ' turn, and in the best/of humourd with' themselves and all the world;- )Thby' word destined'-' to' spend a' Bedonil Christinas amid the. same scenes, but1 smid 'weather considerably ' worse— with a fierce north-wester howliiig through' tho rigging, the snowdrift rushing swiftly by, and' I tlio thermometer ranging between seventy-six and eighty, degrees below freezing point. But the'so trivialities dill not affect tlioir nerves or their en- ' joyment ; and if they oould not display such woll- garnished tables as before,- they contrived, by iu-' 'dicious setting! out, to mako a show formidable' onough to Biipport tlio delusion all were anxious to; impose upon ' thomselyos— namely, that they were' ip aland of plenty—in faot, all but at borne. ! Tfie Tprnagulja ' , Courier, rpferting, , io '. Re Vobbory from (be .' Gmt - Britain Company's mpehiue, rsmprka tr-'.j A; similar rohbsry bas )opourred in;pur own district, whore a smull but. important aisoovery has : been made, that ' the amalgam has been pilferqd,: and although,' so far es is kuown, noue but 1 the most trustworthy1 'persons have beou at work for the Victoria' Pyrites Company, a deficiency ' of amalgfihi caL' ciliated to contain at least 9oz pf gold lias been taken in a mopt mysterious ipanpor from tlio inaehiho; At present we are precluijefi frpm making any remarks as to tlie direotion suspipion; points to, but it is cortain that the faots now made public will cause all having charge of crushing machines to be striotor iu their sur veillance, and wltl perhaps lead to the disoovery that reefs at prosent making oalls will clear ex-' ponses if not pay dividends." ' A magnificent pianoforte, Bays the Musical Standard, hn3 just boon sont from London to tlio Empress of Olmin. Tho manufacturers,, being doubtful of tho ability of tho oolestial ' lady to play, liavo thoughtfully added a " griuding appa- rat-us." Tho tunes chosen are "God Sivvo the Queen," tho " Misqrcro,'' from Ti-ovatovo, Ilio Luncocs' Quatlrjjlcs," ivncl tlio .;MavsQil|aiBo. - . , 1 Among tho remarkable mineral illscoverios re- 'oontly made in Utah is said to be that of a bismuth 'mind, the <?nly outs, so far as known, iu Amouoa. 