AND COMMERCIAL NEWS. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10th , 1872 POLITICAL ECONOMY. WEALTH AND LAB0UR. \------------------ 'What is wealth? and how is it produced ?" are the two questions which meet us on the threshold of Political Economy. By 'wealth' is meant every article which is necessary, useful, or agreeable to man ; but with this qualification, that such article must also possess value in exchange. This exception is necessary to exclude from the idea of wealth those things which are bestowed freely and in un- limited quantity by Nature ; such as the light of heaven, the air we breathe, and, in ordinary circum- stances, the water we drink. These gifts of Providence possess, indeed, great utility, but hare no value in the economical sense of that word, and therefore are not the subjects of exchange ; for no one will give his property or his labor for that which he may obtain for himself at any time, and in any quantity, without exertion. A man is not said to be wealthy be cause he can command an inexhausti- ble supply of atmospheric air or sun shine, or can make the most ample use of a public well ; but he is so described in proportion as he can command that those necessaries, com- forts, or luxuries, which cannot be procured without the exertion of some labour, and which may be exclusively possessed by one individual. It is the results of the industry of man, exchangeable for the productions of some other industry, with which Political Economy has to do. Such is wealth, and there is but one agent or instrument by which it can be produced and increased, viz., human labour. The raw materials of wealth, indeed, are bestowed upon us by the Creator, who hats scattered them over the surface of the globe in boundless profusion and variety. Either, air, and sea are abundantly stored with the elements of wealth, but without labour they would be valueless. Place a human being in the most favoured country of the globe, sur- round him with all the advantages of a fertile soil, a fine climate, mineral treasures, and auimal life ; yet with- out some exercise of his bodily muscles and mental faculties, he will be unable to maintain existence. But labour, though essential to man's subsistence, is naturally repugnant to man's incli- nation. Without some stimulus to' overcome the painfulness of the effort, man would never make those exertions which are necessary, not only to un- lock the storehouse of Nature's boun- ties, but to develop his own faculties and to improve his condition. This stimulus is furnished by the principle of self-interest, — a principle of im- mense strength and efficacy. This is that great motive power in the pro- duction of wealth which Adam Smith has well described as being 'the desire naturally implanted in every individual to better his condition that comes to os from the womb, and never leaves us till we go into the grave.' Every step gained in man's upward progress, from what is called a state of Nature, that is, absolute savagery, to the highest civilization, is due to the operation of this principle. Take away this mainspring, and the social machinery would stand stilL When we thus describe self-interest as the mainspring of social progress, of course we must be understood to refer to its agency in the production of wealth. It must not be laid to the charge of Political Economy that it represents mankind as actuated in all the con- cerns of life wholly and solely by self- interest. It makes no such assertion. That pure benevolence and disinter- ested attection do operate largely on human beings, is a fact not to be denied. That these sentiments exer- cise a great influence over men. so far as regards the employment of their wealth, is a matter of constant ex- perience ; but we are now regarding only the agencies which operate in its acquisition, which is of course a very different inquiry. Whatever may be the motives, selfish or disinterested, for which men desire to possess wealth, and whatever may be the purposes for which they employ it, it is certain that self-interest is the immediate in centive to ail exertion which is direct ed to the getting of it. The husband- man must expect to be partaker of the fruits, otherwise he will never incur the toil and cost of cultivating the soil. If we want to know the reason why the labour of a freeman is more productive than the labour of a slave — why the free labourer works more strenuously when paid by the piece than when paid by the day — why com- mercial enterprises carried on by Governments are usually less success- ful than those conducted by private enterprise — why a barren spot of ground in the hands of a peasant owner is converted into a garden — why countries naturally poor, but which are well and justly governed, and where property is secure, go far ahead of countries where the soil is rich but the Government is corrupt, the laws weak, and the reward of labour insecure — we shall find the explanation to lie in the greater potency given in the one case than in the other to the principle of self interest in stimulating the exertions and sharpening the faculties of men, aud in presenting to tbeir minds, in more palpable shape, the connexion between labour and its reward. It must be remembered also, that, al- though the Author of man's nature has thus made the personal interest of the individual the predominant motive in inducing him to labour, He has at the time carefully guarded the inter- ests of society by subjecting that principle to a most effectual counter- acting check — a check go powerful indeed, that it is sometimes made a charge against the constitution of society, that so large, and in some cases it is thought, so oppressive an influence should be assigned to it. The check in question is that of Competition, the operation of which will come to be tally considered in its proper place. At present it will be convenient to examine a little more closely the pro- position that labour is the source of wealth, and to guard against some errors and misconceptions which have sprung up out of an imperfect under- standing of this cardinal truth. The association of the two ideas of wealth, and labour which has arisen from the relation between them of cause and effect, has been so close and intimate as to mislead many persons to confound the means with the end — to regard labour itself as in its own nature a good thing — an object to be aimed at — a process which we ought to endeavour to increase rather than diminish. Now there is one sense, undoubt- edly, in which labour may be looked upon as a blessing. God has tempered the hardships of man's lot — which is to eat his bread in the sweat of his brow — by merciful alleviations. The self-satisfaction which waits upon the exercise of honest industry, the health- ful sense of duty fulfilled and time well spent, go very far to reconcile the industrious workman to his lot. Then, as is often truly said, we are creatures of habit; and the work which a man is accustomed to, in which he has become skilful by ex- perience, and which he takes an honest pride in doing well, is felt in course of time to be rather pleasurable than onerons. As the poet has said, — 'The labour we delight in physics pain.' These sensations are a great mitiga- tion — sometimes, indeed, a complete compensation — for the effort of work-- ing, whether by his hand or brain. But, besides this, labour becomes so identi- fied in the mind with the rewards of labour, with the subsistence and the comfort it procures, that in common language it is often spoken of as if it were itself the enjoyment, instead of being only the means by which the enjoyment is procured. Thus we may hear a labouring man say that he should be happy and contented if he could but get work — constant work. Now, of course, we know what it meant ; it is not the work he wants : no doubt, he could get that in plenty if he could afford to work gratis ; but he wants the wages — the food, clothing, and lodging, and other things which work earns. This appears a truism when stated nakedly ; but, in fact, many people are misled by this close association of work and wages, so as to regard work itself as a good thing, of which the more we can make the better; and though they will not go quite so far as to affirm that it would be an advantage to pay able-bodied labourers to dig holes in the ground merely in order to fill them up again, they do in reality advocate measures and try to impose obligations upon employers which amount to the same thing. Seeing that labour begets wages, and wages procure food and clothing, they say, in effect, 'Labour is the one thing needful ; multiply labour by all means ; give the utmost possible employment to the utmost possible number of workmen, and all will be well.' Now those who adopt these views simply mistake the means for the end. If they are right — if labour in itself were a good thing — instead of being, as it is, the penalty or price which we have to pay for supplying our necessi- ties—it would follow that we ought to discourage, instead of promoting (as in fact we do) all the means by which the labour of producing useful com- modities is lessened, such as the use of machinery and ingenious imple- ments, and of steam and other natural agents. In that case we ought to study, instead of enabling one man to do the work of two, to spread out the work so as to enable two men to be employed to do that which one does now. The effect of so doing would be simply this. While we were trying to benefit the workman, we should make every article that he produces so much dearer — we should see our trade handed over to foreign competitors ; we should ruin the employer, and diminish that fund of capital out of which wages come ; and so in the end we should take the bread out of the mouths of that very class whose con- dition we were trying to improve. The theory of the whole matter has been explained with admirable skill and clearness by a French writer, Frederic Bastiat. We cannot do better than adopt from his work a summary of his reasonings which go to the bottom of the subject, that the economy of labour is the true interest of all classes of society, whether em- ployers or labourers, consumers or pro- ducers. Two theories, he says, have been maintained. According to the first, wealth is the resnlt of labour; it is increased by increasing the proportion of the resnlt obtaiued to the effort made. Perfection, of which Almighty Power is the type, consists iu the ex treme cUvergeuce of the two terms — the effort nil, the result infinite. According to the second theory, it is the labour itself which constitutes and forms the measure of the wealth of the society. Wealth, in the view, is increased by increasing the ratio of the effort to the result. The example of this is the labour of Sisyphus, whom the ancient poets represented as con- demned for his crimes to be for ever rolling a stone up hill, which fell backwards as fast as he heaved it to the top. Here you have the maximum of labour with the minimum of re- sult. The first system naturally allies with itself all that tends to diminish the toil and to facilitate production powerful machines which assist the strength of man ; and exchange, which enables him to derive the utmost benefit from physical advantages be- longing to other climates, from the discoveries of science, the lessons of experience, and the stimulus of com- petition. The second system consistently avails itself of every resource calcu- lated to increase the labour of pro- duction and to diminish the result — privileges, monopolies, restrictions, prohibitions, suppression of machinery and implements for abridging human handiwork. It is observable that the universal practice of men in their private capa- city is governed by the first of these two theories. No one ever saw a producer, whether farmer, manufac- turer, merchant, artisan, soldier, or author, who did not endeavonr to take the shortest cuts and the speediest means to the accomplishment of his work — in a word, to do more with less. The opposite doctrine has been ex- tensively acted upon by theorists, by politicians, by statesmen, and, in some remarkable instances, by Trades' Unions, and by working men, who, from ignorance of the natural laws that govern society, have been unable to perceive what is the true interest of their class. It is important, how- ever, to observe that in every thing that affects these very men in their private concerns, they act like all the rest of mankind on the former prin- ciple — that of obtaining the greatest possible result with the least exertion. The fallacy of supposing that it is possible to make labour too productive, appears to have arisen from regarding the obstacles that Nature has placed in the way of production as the very advantages of man's condition. -------------------- Bow-wow-wow ! True to the mysteri ous instinct of his nature, oursnarlino-5 snapping contemporary, having agaiu been let loose, has fastened upon the Editor of this journal as his quarrv. Like the dog which Goldsmith sung abont, and who, ' to gain some private ends, went mad, and bit a man,' our yelping contemporary, to gain the suffrage of his patrons, has, once mere, been indulging his canine propensity for barking and biting. Savagely annoyed that the good taste of society has frowned out of counte nance thesensual and prurient excerptae with which he was in the habit of defiling the colonies of the journal which he has undertaken to conduct, this weak-minded, but, let ns hope, well-meaning person, in a paroxysm of patriotic virtue, and with that ineffable and inimitable air of self-conceit and over-weening vanity which belongs to him, now sets himself up in onr midst as a political quacksalver, with the ulterior view of effecting our entire reformation and regeneration. We Ehall take particular care that he does not experiment upon ourselves. . Though proue to adopt the Solo mon ian counsel of answering a fool according to his folly, still if this irrepressible busybody will persist in addressing himself to us, and, in doing so, falls back upon what he must know to be vile exaggeration and absolute falsehood and absurdity, he must ex pect equally objectionable trash to be written in reply, as, it appears, nothing else will stop the cataract of misrepre sentation, intolerance, and insufferable rubbish which is poured upon us, week after week. It was our intention to have allowed our contemporary to rave and blnster to his heart's content without any further notice, and we Owe an apology to our readers for referring to him at all. This good and humane person labours under the harmless delusion that anything he may say or write will spoil the enjoyment* of onr social festivity, and, therefore, he ' holds hard,' as he calls it, intimating that, at this festive season, when everybody is supposed to be congratulating every body, aud fraternisation is the order of the day, he denies himself the stimulus of diatribe, which is the mainspring of all his writings. Did he but know wifh what ineffable con. tempt we treat his blatant and inconse quent strictures he need not j. have foregone or suppressed his propensity for vituperation. ' The eogic euBW-s little bird* to sins. And is not careful wkattber mean thereby.* Eren so do we treat this noisy bird of ill-omen's offeusfve clamour. We had been informed that during the last fortnight he had been in a state of incubation, and we naturally expected something high-seasoned and racy from him. We must admit that he has cultivated the flowers of his vitu perative vocabulary. In (his respect it is not saying too much to declare that he is an improvement even upon our Fremantle contemporary, which, in days gone by, enlivened its columns with specimens of very choice but strong language. It would seem that in adapting himself for his editorial duties our budding contemporary went throngh a severe study in the ornate style of Billingsgate, for he pours ont a copionS and.uninterrnpted stream of the choice vocabulary peculiar to that unreformed metropolitan market. His blatant, incessantly blatant cry, gives one the idea of the eonnd which must have issued from the brazen bull of Phalacis. But it is the sound of a very faction of a faction, and bears on the face of it the features of a line of action so mean and contemptible that we cannot but pity the poverty and want of resource displayed by its pursuers. These loud postulants for the integrity of onr national policy are merely en deavouring, under hollow, nnsound, and untrue pretexts, to compass their own private ends, and have adopted this highly respectable way of giving vent to their personal spleen through a very dirty 'channel;' though their agent delivers his judgments, and prophecies, and denunciations, as though he were the only editorial conduit throngh which canld flow into the pnblic press a stream at once pure and nndefiled. Well ; anything so near cursing with out actually going that distance as our contemporary's last production it would be difficult to conceive. Let ns quote the oracle itself. ' We cannot,9' says this latest acquisition to our Fourth Estate, after a few days' editorial experience, ' help remarking that it is quite high time, and that we are not in the least degree snrprised that the electors, and, in fact, the colonists generally, begin to feel and experience a source of intense disgust aud annoyance that their interests, as well as the development of the re sources and capabilities of the colony, should, for the last 32 years, have been committed to the care and keep ing of so untruthful, so unwilling, and so nnscrnpulons an advocate, as the miserable, wretched, contemptible, and malicious organ as the periodical to which we have above allnded.' We woke, on Friday morning, like Lord Byeon, to fiud ourself famous. Posi tively we declare that until that moment we had cot the remotest idea that for the last 32 years the develop ment of the resources and capabilities of this colony had been committed u- our care aud keeping. Really we must apologise to onr friends for the scurvy manner in which we have treated them. Not a Dowb have we remembered. But the editor's vituperative voca bulary is far too extensive and varied to stop here. Warming np with his subject, and with exquisite taste, he proceeds : — ' When we look at and consider ihe present condition of the colony, together with the repute aud estimation in which it is held by sister, as well as other neighbouring, colonies, it is fulsome, nauseous, preposterous, and arrogant in the extreme, to hear a person or an ' organ,' patting forth and advancing claims to be the leader of public opinion, when we know how miserably it failed on a recent occasion, and when we also further know that that very same organ dates its existence 32 years back, and acknow ledges itself to be the exponent of the Government policy, and, in fact, the Government hack ! !' We. notice such rhodomontade but to dismiss it with a laugh. Lake all public journalists we have been exposed at times to a good deal of rough criticism, and have, possibly, been misunderstood in some respects ; but in reviewing our past career, from 'Angust, hi the year of grace, 1£4-),' to the present day, we observe nothing in the conduct of this journal incom patible with the conditions of a free press, notliiag, iu fact, but an honest and unswerving advocacv of what we considered wonld tend to the general weal, vl'e have endeavoured, and so long as we are blessed with health and strength to wield the editorial grey goose quill we shall continue, accord ing to the measnre of our gifts, humble as they may be, to work for the welfare of our fellow colonists aud the reputation and advancement of a colony wherein we have lannctied our all, aud in whose rise aud progress we are so deeply interested. Whether we shall bs blamed or praised, receive gratitude or condemnation, our path is straight before us, and the blatant bowlings of a noisy demagogue will not swerve us one inch to the right or to the left. But we arc not alone iu having aroused the ire of tbis truculent editor. ' The torrent, tempest, pud whirlwind of his passion' have again broken loose npon the he$.d of the Coloxial SECUETAiir, in writing of whom onr contemporary a'ways manifests more than ordiuary evidences of biliary derangement. It is really arnnsing to witness how our editor succeeds iu connecting that official with every subject. If tbe biddings at a public auction are not very spirited, or do not attaiu a certain fixed reserved price, the Colonial Secretary is to blame. Were our editor capable of discoursing on the Pythagorean doctrine aueut wild fowl, or to write a dissertation on the Lamarckian theory, or a disqnisi tion on Plato's hypothesis of the con struction of the kostnos, he would dis cover some latent connection between them and the Colonial Secretary. We have net the si i ghost doubt but that we have been deprived of tbe visit of iii*t lorag^xrject^^eie^ii^^i, the CVra&riyand; that the ncent eclipse was not visible hers, simply ant solely because tite CoH-sui Sscbesut had no particular desire to be astro nomically edified. In fact, «re have onr doubts thai it is none o&er; tht^i this modern Machuveu* who has conspired to defraud as of green peas so early this season, and we have a lurking suspicion that it is be who adnlterates our coffee wit— chicory, and our mQk with that of the cow with the iron tad. We have heard it even whispered that the difficulties sur rounding the processofextractingnioon beams from cucumber is solely attribut able to the factof Mr. Babuee being Co lonial Secretary for this colony. Thu8,a£ any rate, argueB our logical contem porary, whose inductive philosophy is of the school of Mr. Josh -Boilings, or, let us eay, the renowned Ouxdbsmcit. Assuredly,theCoLONU.tSECEETABrmnst regard the carping criticismsof this un fledged editor much in the same light as the artist in 4 sprightly picture — a covert satire upon the airs and graces too often assumed by the cognoscenti class — which we ouce saw in ttte Boyal Academy. Mary Jane the housemaid, and Sarah Ann thecook, finding the door of the master's atelier open, have ven tured inside; die former, with dustpan in one hand and the maulstick in another, points ont, after the most ap proved fashion, the weak points of an unfinished picture, while the latter, supporting her chin-on a broomstick, looks down upon the painting with an air of complete eelf- complacency. The artist himself is seen peering between the hinges of the door more amused than annoyed. In some such a spirit must Mr. Baelee look upon the strictures of this editorial maid-of-all work. ------------------- Another fire. Conflagrations are sure to follow each other in rapid succession as soon as the warm weather sets in. Of this we have had very convincing proofs in Perth during the past few weeks. We hare on several occasions, from time to time, called the attention of the public to the necessity of making some provisions for supplying the principal thoroughfares with an un- limited quantity of water, either by means of sinking wells or by a pipe duct. If the latter plan were adopted probably the best available route for the line of pipe-track would be along Barrack Street, William Street, and King Street, respectively. The extent of buildings which each lines would command wonld embrace nearly all the principal stores of the town. The last occasion upon which we were called to advert to the paramount necessity of some such provision being made, was on the occurrence of the disastrous fire on the premises of the late Mr. Solomon Cook, when public feeling was sufficiently aroused as to lead to the establishment of a local fire brigade, which, however, soon collapsed from sheer inanity. It is next to useless to form such a corps unless an ample snpply of water is first provided. As well send an army to the field of battle without powder and bullet as equip a fire brigade when no water is available for its exer- tions. If the present City Council wants to distinguish itself, let it at once apply itself to remedy the existing state of things. Having past disasters in memory, no doubt can be entertained as to the necessity of the step which we have over and over again urged npon the attention of our fellow-citizens. There appears to us not one iota of excuse for delaying another day the consideration of the best mode of providing unlimited water supply in the most populated parts of the city, and for the proper maintenance, with due regard to the economy, of such a provision. No doubt a considerable sum of money will have to be expended in any of the many schemes which commend them- selves to our consideration, but we venture to say that not a ratepayer in Perth wonld begrudge any reasonable investment on the part of the City Council, in carrying out so desirable and so absolutely necessary a work as that to which we have now, as before, briefly called attention. Let us have a fire brigade by all means, but let us have water supply first. To the fore, City Council, to the fore. 