-THE - METROPOLITAN HANDICAP. By Pegasus.. [From the Sydney Town and Country Journal.J That there are lots of things in the heads of handicappersv no t.dreamt of in my philosophy is a fact to" which the weights posted on Wednes day have made me palpably alive; for I am sure no sensation of .modern times, not even the fall of the Paxtons, or the imprisonment-of "Sir.Roger,"has caused greater consternation than the position of Javelin in the handicap for the '" Metrop." My intention .was to review these weights whenever they came out; for, seeing that there was a very difficult lot-to put together, and that Mr. Scarr hadn't seen about 15 out of the 40, I was. quite_prepared_for a handicap that would satisfy few people;; but 1 didn't expect to see the top -half-dozen'knocked clean out;, and here I find seven afc the head of the list left, without the ghost of a chance —Little Dick being the* only one of .that number that we do not know for certain cannot carry his weight, " Dick, may be" able to negotiate Ms 8 st. 10 lbs,; and he's the only one among the first seven. Warrior; can never hold his own at 9 st. 3'lbs. in such a, field. The: way "the three four-year-olds are treated is simply ridiculous. Kingfisher, most likely, won't accept, and as Barbelle was always beaten in two-mile races with.7: st. 10 lbs. or upwards, it isn't supposable that she can have a chance here, carrying 8 st. 8 lbs. The early appearance of the weights is a boon to some" owners of horses, for they may now make up their minds not to come to Band wick at all; and among these I'm'sadly afraid will he Mr. T. J.JEtyan, who will hardly tempt fortune with Kipgfisher or The Ace. For all practical purposes the handicap might as well have" begun -a" stone lower than it has, seeing "that, almost* for a certainty -the -top weight - will actually be Valentine and Oyclop3 at 8 st. 3 lb,, at which at least one of the. pair is very well in. . If I'm anything of a' judge, I should say that public running has shown Lady-Olifden. to be pounds and -pounds better than Pyrrhus, but the'latter .has received the full benefit of. all doubts that-might have arisen about Him,; by reason of his- stable's confidence-in him for -the Melbourne' Cup. Certainly, his perform ances don't in any way warrant his position. -I'm: gaine to admit that I don't fathom the reasons for many things in this list of; weights; about which there is- a haziiiess that's very difficult to see a way through; and one of these unaccountable things is why Priam gives weight to Reprieve, who has won five -or six races (including two three-mile handicaps, in one of which he carried about 8 at.),. without being beaten. I dare say the. company wasn't very gay; hut even so, when* a horse wins all his" faces, and in a canter, he must have some _ credit. ! I consider Keprieve one of the best in animals ; bub I maintain that Priam has done nothings ' to entitle him fo'be an equal of the Duke or Misty Morn. I don't know Lancer; the young ones are too good for the likes "Of* Lottery, and Old Cossack; IHuminatiohv was ruined at Bathurst, as a three-year old, and I almost despair of ever seeing, her at her best again. If my ■ .common-looking frien 1. The Quack is really improving into a racehorse, this ought to be his chance, as I reckon ! he's best in of Mr. Tait's; but the company^ is rather above the ken of Johnny Smoker, I J. L., and Dagworth, which brings me down to 7 st. . Heie I find Clodhopper thrown in for his good deeds, and though no one more thatf myself acknowledges • the advantage to I be gained by keeping Mr. Brown on the turf, I'm by no means prepared : to .-admitthat* for:-* that purpose his horses should be turned loose. - I 'don't believe there's a horse, in the land that could have given: Cyclops' a stone at. Mud gee; and'if he can be brought as fit to Kandwick, he has all above him as safe as if they were boiled. Supposing my theory -to. be correct in this matter, what has Clodhopper done to get in at 7 st. ? All his performances have, after all, only had the effect of raising his weight about half a stone. ■The .unconqucred Lecturer, incomparably: the bestlcolt of his year, receives a couple of. pounds from * poor -Javelin, - who has been all to. pieces for months, was beaten disgrace-* fully, by commoners the other day at Mudgee, and is quite likely never to be a racehorse again; and although the Sappho colt has 4 lb. ;ov'ef his''weight for age td' carryj' he looks on paper as dangerous as anything in the race. I'm sure "he's"a weight carrier; and he ought to be able to " stay. Tootbpicker isn't quality | enough; otherwise he's* well enough inbuj; he must improve1 greatly on what he did in the Publicans' P-urse at Mudgee with the same weight up; andlThe Heir's impost can't be complaiued of,:if he were good enough, which I'm afraid lie isn't. At any rate it's hardly possible for him to be fit. Mr. Rouse should be satisfied with the treatment of Lord Lyon and Wan derer ; and it won't at all surprise me to see the young one run very well; for I'm sure he's a'sticker, and he's best in of the two-year-plds, so far as- one can judge. ■- After looking down the" list, with a view to. future probabili'-ies, I comeItb-.tbb conclusion-that the top weightB fiown to the 8 st. 3 lbs. are out of it, tbe worst used animals in the race being Javelin, ;The Prophet, and The Aqe. Without pretending to understand the whys and wherefores of' the handicapping, I pick out ; the -following as- having a chance: — Valen-* tine, Cyclops, Lady Clifden, The Duke, Misty Morn, Reprieve,, the Quack, Johmiy Smoker, Clodhopper (turned: loose), Lecturer, Toothpicker, Btlphegor, and Wanderer; and" I'm very sorry that at present I can't, as my custom is, put the name of Barbelle among the likely ones. The old mare might have a show with the 8 lb. off her back, but she can't be in the race at her present weight—more's the pity. Its what I call an unfortunate handicap, for -I'm afraid there will be a good many defections when the non- acceptance day comes round. A man in Lo.well, n attempting to hang him self, forgot to'pufc the rope round his neck, and •jumped off;the barrel.intoi>a-mud-hole. He did not discovet his -mistake hnt.il' he:.attempted to kiolo. 