THE EDUCATION QUESTION, of . o (To the -Editor of the Argus.) b Sir,-Would you allow me space for a to few words on the question of iublic educa- Pt tion, which I offer, partly because it is an tit mnnenseo mistake to suppose that politi- th cians only are entitledto a say in it, ipartly eq because no class has during the discussion been subjected to such merciless criticism as fn the class to which I. belonz-a criticism, 13 let me say, which has been often as grossly in unfair in substance as it has been in parti- in cularcases violent and abusive in form. I sc am Warned by the pressure on your in columns tobe brief, and I will condense at whatI have to say within the narrowest at limits. ti C 'First, ITdo not write as an out-an-out t oppinent of the Iill-i.e, I do not object nu to free educ tion for rudimentary branches, nor to compulsory education if practicable, nor to secular education during particular hours; hut I do.olbject in the most em plhatic nianner to these things in the bill : -1. Its centralisation of all power over public edueati,,n in a board nominated by a political chief. This .will aggravate a miscihief already in this country sufficiently in great, viz., the manipulation of great, per- at manent interests by persons who have' no guaranteed competency for the,.ta?rksbut tf their couiexion with a domimunt ?ohliticl T party. '2 Iisexclusion of p'~rents !from all choice' in the selection .of 'teacheis. u' Mlay not a Government nominee be!able to come up to a particular standard of ex- is amination, and yet labour under 'intellec tual and moral defects not to be guaged by i1 examination, which might prevent a whole district from having any confidence in him? '3. Its non-recogniti..n. in the faintest degree of the moral and religious nature of the subjects of the state. There is not the ghost of an argument by which tihe intellectual culture of the.citizen's can be proved to be a duty binding .ona the state, which would not be a fortiori (in di allithe degree by Which moral life is a thing more important than intellectual) an argument that it is equally bound'to' care to for their moral and -religious wellare. t ithout amendment of these faults and ii defects, I will regard the passing of, the H bill as a retrograde step in politics and a social disaster. r Having defined how far I..am, or am pi not, opposed to tile present measure, I beg m to call the attention of your readers and of C the public to one or two considerations H bearing most 'vitally on.' all educational ts legislation which have not been 'miooted, £ so far as I am aware, by any person -who H has taken part in the discussion, whether B from church or state. i 1.. What is the state? ' One of the comr monest fallacies floating about is that the state is the Government; that the state be iand the people are absolutely distinct M entities; that duties inay be binding upon 11 the people 'which are not' binding on the in state, and that certain questions may have as a doep -and, deathless 'interest for every P man, woman, and child in the country, to without the state having any share in £ that 'interest or, any right to give it . political expression. :Now, I combat this (e as a philosophical' error of the gravest £ character.. Nothing has any right to call lI itself a'state which is not tihe aggregate-of A the, organisod. social life of. the entire B 'society. of men, living within given a geographical boundaries. The state is (h the visible point at which that totalitry of no life finds expression. Hencnathere is' no B interest common to every oinanwuich dous L not. by necessity become a social ointerest, M .and.if. asocial, then also a political. How (t can it be argued, then, with any philoso- (r 5phical accuracy that theoretically a state O has nothing to do with the religious M education of its people? If religion is a E necessity' and-not an accident of man's P nature-if it is a force of enormous power £ and influence where it is a reality at all- (a if society has not despaired of reaching G truthlabout God altogether, then the state fc has simply a fearful interest in what at creeds its citizens: accept. Not by any £ exercise i of -political ' ingenuity can it 8 escape interpenetration with the religious st influences operating on the minds of the A peoiple, whilst by artificially- restraining S itself frothis all active interference, it either p breaks the unity'ofr the national life, set- ti ting thd'iridividual into collision at points ci with political and, universal interests, or st gives the weight of its authority to the ex. al tranction of the-religious force In short, p whatever Interests man as man interests t the aggregate of men, i.e., the state; and g the logical, alternative for 'politicians is, - either prove that - under no circumstances can the country ever have a common reli- tl gious life, or admit that religious life into the closest connexion with every human relation, the political'included. " 2; Where creeds differ, what is the is state's duty? If creeds 'differ so essen-d tially that no element common to them tl all can be erected into the religion of the state, it must either be -let. Because the C data are difficult to' examine; religious r truth is reached by slow' processes, and is mantifold channels of experience; the best c of men may find it hard to see what their p relations to the Eternal are; 'or, 2nd, Because religion is an impossibility, there v being no certain knowledge about God, eternity, infinity, &c.;, reachable by man. a Now, I know' that a class of thinkers Spoicer, Huxley, and so on-accept this a latter alternativo ; worship, as they say, a at the shrine of the uukuowablo; but it c I know anythiing of iny followmen, I feel certailithat they have notyetsettled down into aay such dispair. Irreconcilable p differences of creeds must come'then fiom f the first cause, the difficulty of the subject ' What is the state's duty in relation 'to religious education meanwhilo? Mosta certainly' not to ignore it, nor to neglect it. ' If religious truth is reachable,' it iwill be reached; and the state is simply acting a Sin its character as tihe. exponent of the t total life of the community when it gives f every facility for expediting the process. ' The very least that in trausition periods of belief a state should do is to offer its : citizens legal facilities for propngatiig what at present they believe to be true a religion. The very conception of a toler ant state allows, its citizens to educate 1 their children in what belief they please. p 8\. Can the clergy undertlko the religious education of childrenri Ii answer that the expectation Sis absurd, utnjust, and cruel. Absurd, because it is in itself work for another profession; unjust and cruel be cause the clergy are not the sole curators of man's spiritual welfare, but only the t office-bearers, whose duty, as defined by t ages of history, is mainly to preach to Sadults, to tend the sick, and to stir up and sustain an interest in all beneficial organ Sioations whatever.' Hence they caseot by arny distribution of time or any ek'r- ,t tion ofstrength,accept anew atd extrome \- Id difficult class of duties. And now, finally, a word or two in Sanswer to some arguments used by promi- I I nont men in the Legislative Assembly. Mr Laadgton denies that the anxiety of a the churches to obtain an hour for the I special inculcation of religion can be any 3 thingelse than a hypocritical protece. For what reason 13 Because the duty has 1 been neglected in the past, This is a strange argument to be used by a man of Sundoubted calibre like Mr Langton. What has the state to do with the motives of the clergy in demanding a particular obneesaioo, if that concesslon'is right in itself 7 And by what moral logic can it be maintained that men who have neglec ted their duty in the past, ought, to be precluded from the chance of doing it -in time to come-=nay, not only they, but that everybody else must be precluded equally ? Mr Wrixon affirms that the wiluspread intellectual scepticism which he deplores is the fruit of clerical folly' or ignorance in putting forward theological dogmas, in such a form, that, the heart and ciun science of the people recoil from :accort ing them. 'The clergy have much to answer for, but it is really dreadful to be accused of killing the faith out of a sna tion. I deny the fact that the clergy are the rear-guard ofl intellectual s?ciety in England, I challenge Mr Wrixon to name a single great ethical or theological doctrine accepted by any considerable school of thinking layman which is not known to, and either advocated oriantelli gently and appreciatively oppooed by, schools of clergymen in any courntry he chooses to name. Surely, if the dogmras of the clergy are incredible, that is hardly a reason for an intellectual ntu,. despair. ing of allreligious truth. Is not the wide urniverse open to the laity as well as the clergyl Can nothing be done by the former because the latter are beaten? The truth is, that -English scepticism is not due to the clergy at all, .but to the enormous growth of physical science, to the further development of historic.l critic ism, arid to other secular mo,vemnents .of civilisation for which the clergy are as little responsible as they art for. the over growth of London, or the -approaching exhaustion-of the coal-fields, -iam, Sir, yours, &c;, Sept. 26. PETER S; n1E'Z[E3. 