The Storyteller. ROMANCE IN AUSTRALIA. BY THE AUTHOR OF "LIVE'S VICISSITUDES," "KATE DONLAVY," &c.; I WILL not tire you with a recital of the little occurrences during my second voyage; happily it was not disastrous like the first. Marian and I landed at Sydney, having met with nothing untoward beyond a little delay. My heart beat with mingled pain and pleasure in revisiting those old familiar scenes. I naturally sought the*house whioh sheltered me when I hsd landed, a poor shipwreoked emigrant, so long, long ago. I oould have no doubt found better aa wsll ss more suitable accommodation, being well supplied with money, but my heart clung to the associations connected with that mean lodging, though I dared not question myself why I did so. I found Mrs. Wilson the same as aver, and quietly allowed her exolamations an uninterrupted flow. "Oh dear! Well now— who'd have thought it ?" Ac I had no need to uk a single question. Perhaps that was one reason of my returning to Mrs. Wilson's. I well knew that from her volubility I should learn all I wished to hear, and probably even more. " And so the doctor has oome back, Miss Alleyne!" exclaimed ths good woman, before I had been an hour in her house. " Yesterday that ever was I met him. * Ah, sir,' ssid I, ' I did think you would have brought poor Miaa Alleyne with you!' 'Mrs. Wilson!' said he, with a little start, and a frown. I didn't dare to say another word, you may he sure, for though he's not soon put out, when he is it's something terrible." " So," I exolaimed, mentally, " the very men tion of my name produces evidenoe of anger and disgust j it has then oome to this. But I g-a*{rill ahow him that I too oan change, that I am no longer the weak fool he haa hitherto known met" While my spirit wss roused and supported by indignation, I determined to write to him, to write also to the Freeman*, and tell them I had returned to my reel friends, snd repented hav ing left them. I sat down snd began my letter. " They say the doctor is going io be married after all, Miss Alleyne," interrupted Mrs. Wil aon. "Ia heP" ssid I, ooldly. I would not sllow my hand to tremble, though a pang shot through my heart whioh aremed insupportable. Bnt I commanded my feelings, and wrote of Dr. Seaton a calm, quiet letter, informing him of my arrival, and requesting to see him that I might defend myself againat his unjust and un generous accusadKis. " I concluded by saying, " I remain in Sydney simply for this explanation ; the moment after, I leave again, to rejoin the friends who have been unchangeably generous, and who exculpated me from blame, believing in me when I had nothing bnt my simple assertion * to offer against accusing circumstances. Inrecroa* sing tha ocean, as I hsve lately done, my principal object is to show myself sensible of their tried affection and fidelity. I wish unequivocally to impress on Dr. Beaton's mind, that no remaining weakness, no lingering remembrance of past af fection actuates or hss actuated my lata move ments. Suoh feelings are for ever dead within me. My only wish is to express a sense of the injustice shown me, and to repel the breath of calumny. I do not ask an opportunity of ex* culpating myself, but I demand it by tbe right whioh traduced innocence has to appeal againat oppression." I immediately despatched my letter, and wrote, yea, actually wrote, to Mr. Freeman. Anything seemed more endurable than the thought that Seaton should suppose me still weakly attached to him. But when I had finished my letter I wanted resolution to despatch it; my heart siokened at the thought of uniting myself to ona who only possessed my gratitude and esteem. I laid tbe letter down • I grew more and more irresolute. Perhsps too my oonsoienee began to accuse me of the wrong I purposed inflicting on the excellent Mr. Freeman; for a grievous wrong it would assuredly have been to have given him my hand without my heart, and that, not to promote his happiness, bnt to spars what I falsely supposed my own dignity. My \- reaoiution was rapidly giving way, I was in tears, and desired to be left alone, that I might seek \ guidance where only it could be found. I ■■aited then, in trembling apprehension, the jbt of my letter to Dr. Seaton. was twilight. I was sitting just on the sj^ I had been aeoustomed to occupy in other and happier days. I heard the step wbioh I oould bave distinguished among a thousand as* oending the staircase. My heart beat tumultu* ously. I bad a hard struggle to command my feelings, but I did succeed in doing so; and aa Seaton entered, I rose calmly, and reoeived him as I might any mere acquaintance; but the mask waa useless { he snatched mj to his heart, exclaiming, "Annie, dearest! best-beloved, I know all —all tbe wrong I have done you j but you can never know half my sorrow and repentance!" Captain Ludlow's words were indeed verified, for five minutes after his entranoe I caught my self asking Beaton's forgiveness for I scarcely know what offence, and all my indignation was suddenly gone—whither I knew not. I found that I hsd no explanation to give; that Seaton, as he said, really knew all. Only for a short time he let me pnzzle myself as to how his in formation hud been derived. To my great sur prise he produced a closely written letter from Mr. Ludlow, whom he had never seen in his life —excepting once standing beside me at my little window in London—but who, nevertheless, seemed to know him well, though how be knew him was still a great mystery. Dear, kind Mr. Ludlow ! I never oan forget the considerate delicaoy with whioh he expressed himself in that letter, paving the way for our reconciliation without seeming to ask it. With manly frankness he detailed to Seaton a portion j-*saf his history (at lesst that portion connected ' "with mine), and made every doubtful oiroum stanoe appear in its true light. In fact, I was entirely exculpated, the clouds disappeared from my hitherto stormy sky, and for the first time I learnt to know aotual happiness—happiness so great, so inexpressible, that I trembled beneath its unacoustomed weight, and wondered * whether it oould long be borne; it was so diffi cult to believe that the doubts and fears, the trials snd perplexities which had beset my path, ware really gone, and gone for ever 1 Seaton, too, seemed joyful and happy ; but his joy, hii happiness could not equal mine. He pressed me to consent to an immediate union, giving as the most weighty reason my uncertain and un* protected position. " And, dear Annie," said he, " I shall not feel sure that you are really mine until I have the right to guide and oootrol your emtio movements. I hope we shall undertake no more voyages, that we have done with sbip wreoks, and shall only contemplate tbe sea in future as a distant acquaintance." " That I never can," exclaimed I, between smiles and tears ;" it wss tbe sea that " and I broke off abruptly, confused with the many images crowding on me." " True, dearest," said Seaton, partly divining my thoughts • M to the sea I owe all my happi ness, under Providence—that divine guide who does all things well." We were now silent with subdued and grateful emotions. It waa a source of great delight to me to find that Seaton was very favorably im pressed with my sister. Few people indeed could have seen her without the strongest in terest. I had so long been accustomed to look up to Season as something superior to the rest of hu manity, that all he said appeared to me oracular, and I should not bave had courage to oppose his wishes, even had tbey been unreasonable $ accordingly our marriage took place as soon aa a few hasty preparations could be made. Such hurried weddings are so common in the colony that ours crested very little sensation, and no surprise. Seaton had previously introduced me to Mrs. Norman, who showed me great atten tion, and waa aa cordial aa though we had never been rivals. I never met with a peieon of so even a temperament as Csroline Norman. She hsd, it is true, but little hesrt, and less sensi bility } these deficiencies however were over balanced by an abundant stook of good-nature. We have, ever sinoe my marriage, been very in timate, but yet I cannot aay that any real friend ship exists between us. I should have told you thst Mr. Norman, with very proper feeling, had offered to restore Sea ton's practice to him on his return from Eng land, but he was unwilling to deprive him of the advantagea arising from an established connec tion. On our marriage, however, it waa finally settled that they should form a partnership. Mrs. Norman had for sometime paat discovered so many inconveniences and ao many wants in the house with the green verandah that she had ooaxed and smiled har husband into taking a more commodious and fashionable dwelling i we gladly took possession of tha sweet home which my dear husband had planned, and whioh he had so tsstefully embellished. To me it waa a paradise j it ia ona atill. Not long after, a singular circnmstanoe oo* -curred, whioh waa a convincing proof that sooner or later Providence justifies His wsys to maa by dealing deserved retribution to the guilty, even when well-merited vengeance may have seemed to slumber for awhile. One day Seaton catered the house, pale and agitated, and before I oould ask an explanation he informed me that he hsd, to his great amazement, just recognised among a gang of convicts the once elegant aad fascinating Bertrand/tha destroyer of his sister, and of the gentle Emily. " How did he look?" I enquired. " More despairing than repentant, I fear," re* plied Beaton. "At firat, surprise and agitation rivetted me to the spot, but when I recovered self-possession and was fully convinced of the unhsppy man's identity, I hastened awsy lest he should, in recognising me, feel his misery heightened by those stings of remorse which my presence could not fail to excite ; for how oould he see me without recalling to mind the images of hia two viotims P" Seaton afterwards learnt that Bertrand, after running through his fortune in a course of ex travagaace and dissipstionf had at length (to supply the means of continuing the luxurious life to which he had been always aecuatomed) recourse to the base art of tha forger, aud had practised it to suoh an extant that the avenging hand of justice had at length overtaken him, and in punishing the lesser sin hsd brought on his guilty head the retribution wbioh his greater crimes had well deserved. But to return to my self. They say that .heaven allows on earth no hap* piness without soma shadow of alloy, last we should cling too fondly to the objects whioh most delight us. Yet surely my happiness waa perfect, or nearly so! Now that I have quali fied it with "nearly so," I must narrate a pain ful occurrence whioh took plaoe but one week after I had beoome the wife of Seaton. I met Mr. Freeman, and while I waa hesitating with regard to speaking to him, or to avoiding hia presence, while every grateful impulse urged me to the first, snd a fear of wounding his feelings suggested the other oourse, he peroeived me, and darting forward eagerly seised my hand, ex claiming, " Annie, dear Annie, you have returned to me!" and thut he aaid with a eountenanee of suoh glowing happiness that I felt almost like a culprit aa I stammered forth, "Oh, Mr. Free man, you misconceive ma entirely i I am——'' I oould not continue. "What are you?" ha cried, dropping my hand in dismay. " I am married," I replied j hut I said it in ao trembling a voice that I seemed like a criminal stammering forth a confession of guilt. " Married!" repeated Mr. Freeman— "married!" He spoke as if he did not well take in the meaning of my words. Then slowly psssing his hand over his forehead, as if to clear up his ideas, he asked, " To whom P" " To Dr. Seaton," I answered, humbly. \- Mr. Freeman stood still for a moment, looked at me very earnestly, then hurriedly uttering, "God blesa you, Annie!" he turned hastily away, and we have never met sinoe. I oould not for years think of Mr. Freeman without a heart-ache, whioh not even my own rare happiness oould chsse sway. Never did there exist a man more generous, more noble hearted. I felt it right that Seaton should at least offer to refund the sum wbioh Mr. Free man had so generously advanced for my use; he scoordingly wrote to bim on the subject in the most cautious manner he possibly could, but he seemed so wounded tbat we both thought it best to drop the subject, and agreed to give an equivalent aum to the funds of the hospital I often felt anxious to write to, or communicate in some way with, Mrs. George Freeman, if only by a few words of gratitude and affection ; but I was restrained at onoe by the fear of being misconstrued, and the conviction that if nothing occurred to restore me to his recollection, Mr. Freeman's excellent understanding would soon voluntarily banish the recollection of an unre quited, affection. So I was content to appear ungrateful, from a tender regard to the peace and welfare of the most estimable people I had ever known in my life. I have said my happiness was unolouded; but how oould I feel it to be entirely so at a time when I was separated from my dear little Henry ? Until after my meeting and happy reconciliation with Seaton, excitement had in a measure sup ported my spirits, but when there was nothing more to struggle for, no more adverse storms to contend with, I felt the want of the p**ecious ehfld I had go long oonaidered aa my own, and j -A *' loved aa such. But 1 was destined to be blessed, far beyond my deserts, in all my affections. Three months after my marriage I bad the joy of welcoming my treasure to my heart and home. Captain Ludlow and his sister, Helena Morton,, with her two children and my own Henry, arrived without my having any previous intimation of their movements. Mrs. Morton had determined upon bringing up her boys, whose prospects of fortune were vug slender, in the colony, wherein their success inlifewould be more easily realised, and her brother could not resolve on allowing her to undertake tbe trials and difficulties of emigration alone and unprotected. I shall never forget the day of their arrival. It was such bright, sunny weather! Seaton was out on professional busi ness ; Marian and I sat in the verandah, sur rounded by the glowing flowers of Australia, which, though they want the perfume of your more simple garden favorites, sre often trebly gorgeous to the eye, like the flowers of eastern lands. Marian and I were talking over the singular and providential events which had led us to our new and pleasant home, and we then naturally adverted to our friends on the other side of the sea. Henry, my dear Henry, was, as you may imsgine, uppermost in my thocghts, and ar dently did I wish that I could again behold his face, and hear his sweet voice. Picture then to yourself my delight when, in the midst of my reverie, Henry's dear, ringing laugh echoed through the air; then came a light buoyant step, and my darling rushed into my arms. I cried and laughed by turns, and while the same ludi crous scene wss enseting Csptsin Ludlow ad vanced, with a lady leaning on bia arm. She wss dressed entirely in blsck, "was not hand some, but had an air of grace and amiability much more engaging than beauty co-old be. Her boya were fine little fellows, though of course not so lovely in my estimation as my dear Henry. If not a very merry party, it waa cer tainly a very happy one which asssmbled round our table thai day when my dear husband re turned. Captain Ludlow and hs mst as old friends. I tried hard with true feminine curiosity to draw from Mr. Ludlow by what means he had acquired ao much information with regard to Seaton and myself; but whether to punish me for the eagerness I displayed to learn everything, or from more serious motives, I know not, but he alwaya contrived to baffle my attempts at a obtaining an explanation. Hia kind heart rejoiced at my happiness, and I really believe that his earnest wish to render my felicity complete hsd much to do with his reso lution of returning to Sydney. With much anxiety I enquired how long his stay would be. " How longP"said he. "I hops never more to leave these shores. Henry must bo brought up an Australian. I consider him one by birth." How full of thankfulness I waa when I hoard thoae words! " I am not aura that you wfll not aoon have a much larger addition toyour£amily,**coßtiaoed Mr. Ludlow, smiling. " What oan you mean?" I exdaisasd, aot comprehending his allusion. " I mean that your mother ia very likely to follow you out soon," he replied. " She aaya abe misses you sadly • you wore her right hand at home In short, she can't do without you, and indeed she has become so much attached to Henry that she threatens to follow him." I thought I detected a most unusual, bus* chievous expression ia Csptsin Ludlow's eye, which he certaurly did notjneaa me to aea, for he turned his head away when I looked up. The impression left on my mind waa painful. I could not help fearing thatpoor mamma'sideasof her own and her children's interests had led her to some display of an improbable affection for the child of a widower in easy circumstances. Hsd she really known Captain Ludlow as' I did, she wonld have perceived in him a depth of sensibility rarely to be witnessed, and the image of hia lost wife was so indelibly impressed there, that no fresh attachment oould succeed that of his youth. Csptsin Ludlow's words ware verified — mam-da emigrated to Sydney. My husband received her and her family with all th* respect and attention I could have desired; but he felt with me, that mamma would consult her own happiness and dignity much more by remaining in her present position thaa by forming another onion. She, however, thought otherwise. Both the Ludlows and my relstives lived closely in our neighborhood, and tho intercourse between the threo houses wss constant. af-.i*»*i.» beoame very intimate with Mrs. Morton, bat that inti macy'led to no particular result. My poor mother then seemed to change hsr views, and she did all in her power to promote a match between Mr. Ludlow and Marian, who, being perfectly innocent and guileless, did not onoe even suspect these designs for her benefit. Happily, however, all the plana laid for securing some of Csptsin Ludlow's money ia the family utterly failed. I asy happily, for had he married under any eiroumstwoee the result would have proved most unfortunate to himself and others, as you will see by the oiroumstanoe I am about to relate, and whioh will probably seem to you more like the fiction of romance than what it actually ia—a true incident of real life. We had all been settled down in Sydney nearly a year. I was beginning to feel quite matronly, and heaven had blessed us with an addition to our happiness, in the birth of a •tweet child. I am sure dear Seaton was aa happy in the possession of a dsughter as I wss myself. From that time his tenderness for me seemed, if possible, to increase. Already with fond parental pride in our girl's loveliness—a loveliness whioh perohsnoe none but ourselves discovered —we had quite resolved in our own minds that, some eighteen os twenty summers from that time, our sweet Mary would beoome Mra. Henry Ludlow. Then Beaton (though he bad joined in the idea) laughed at me, and aaid I had inherited the art of match-making from poor mamma. Our dispute ended amicably (in deed we have never had a quarrel from the first day of our married life—-a oircumstanee which was, I think, to be attributed more to dear Sea ton's equal temper, and my sense of his superi ority to me, than to any othsr cause) $ but just as tbe discussion oonsluded, Captain Ludlow walked in, looking pale and harassed, and say ing that he wished to speak to me alone. Sea ton waa just going out to see his patients, so he left us together, for, as I fesred, some painful and disagreeable explanation. I had long ap prehended that Mr. Ludlow perceived mamma's views with regard to himself. I wss, however, mistaken in attributing his present visit to that cause; for if he had peroeived what waa to me so obvious, he had the delicacy to keep his com mentaries to himself. When my husband had left the room I en quired, with some trepidation, if anything had occurred to aooount for Mr. Ludlow'a paleness and agitation. "Sonuthinghaaocounred," aaid he, with aa incressed pallor that really alarmed me, " some thing which I scarcely know how to communi cate to you; indeed, lam inclined to think that you will consider what I am about to relate as the vision of a disordered imagination; but I assure you it is not. First of all I mnst ask you to promise me tbat, in oase of anything happen ing to me, you will " " But what ahould happen to you, my dear sir ?" interrupted I. « Surely you are becoming nervous and fanciful." "I am not long for tbis world," said he, solemnly. " But what has led you to such a conclu sion ?" I asked. "Tellme," said he, standing up and looking i out into the garden with a strangely fixed eye— " tell me, if one from the wprld of spirits ap peared to you, should you not take it as a warn ing of approaching death ?" "Perhaps I should," I replied; "but to speak truly, I have little belief in spectres or visions of any kind." " Nor had I any belief at all," ssid Osptain Ludlow, " untfl I was forced to believe by the J strongest evidenoe. 'Listen to me, Mrs. Seaton, j and do not treat my words aa the delusion ot a morbid brain. Agnes, my long loss> but still fondly loved Agnes, has appeared to me! I see what you think—that lam mad, or a hypochon driac ; but lam neither. She has appeared to me, palpably as in life—still lovely, bat wan, and exceedingly pale. Aa I stood transfixed with awe and horror, she raised her hand as if she would have spoken; but before I could articulate a word she was gone! That last mournful look I never can forget. Is not thia enough to make me think I have received a aummona from the invisible world P Speak!— tell aae am I not right P" I looked at Captain Ludlow with surprise aad compassion, for I really did not believe him to be in his senses. "You don't believe me!" he exdaiaMd, with a flash of indignation, so contrary to his usual gentleness of temper that I wss now convinced of his insanity. It was in vain to soothe or reason with him; all my efforts seemed to irri tate instead of soften him, so I tried to divert his thoughts into another channel, and spoke of Henry. " Ah, yes," aaid he, suddenly raeolleeting him* seH "it was of Henry that losnae to speak to you. If I am not spared to bring him up, he will re quire a guardian beyond Heleaa m abilities and strength of eharaetar. Will jour husband be auch to him P" I felt sure that I might faithfully prosaise, « Beaton's naaee, that he would aot only be the dear ehild'a guide and protector, but a tender father to him in the event of his requiring a parent's cars. I did not feel it necessary to make promises fer myself, for Captain Ludlow knew too well my devotion to hie child. He did not again advert to hia remarkable vision, as he supposed ma incredulous; ao after eon* versing with aae a little longer with reference to Henry, the poor captain departed. I sat aad thought ao much about what he had bean saying of his dear Agnes that I began to feel nervous and excited myself, ffsaton waa detained fer beyond his usual hour. Tha shadows of evening were rapidly closing round aae, and in the dim light I felt aa I never re member baling felt before or since. A thrill of horror ran over me. I felt asy imagination ao powerfully acted upon that the appearance of a spirit would scarcely have surprised arte. I pondered over Csptsin Ludlow's words till I asked myself whether they might not be baaed oa reality. Why should we say that the diesm* bodied spirit is not free to wander back to the earth on which it has suffered snd rejoiced—be yond all, on which it haa formed thoee links of love whioh we fondly hope will be immortal aa the soul itself! Yet from fear of the imputation of weakness we deny the possibility of that whioh something within us still whispers " may be!" I wss alone in the house, excepting for tbe presence of my bsby, who wss sleeping, and two maids wbo were engaged in their duties at aome distance. I felt --»b*M»wl to call upon either of them, simply that I anight not grow more and mora fenoiful in solitude. Bo I sat still till it waa nearly dark, and my aervoua fancies grow so thick upon me that I breathed quickly, and momentarily expected some dread ful object to pierce tha tleep gloom pervading the room. In. that painful atate of mind, •*•*•»••■ tilling lad my memory back to the-wreok of the May* flower; and as I mentally revolved tha agonising scene, the death scream of the perishing emi grants rang through my ears with aa fearful a distinctness ss if it had been a reality. At that moment a shadow paased the window ; I was speechless with horror ; but when I heard the handle ot the door gently turn, and aome one enter, I waa still more terrified. " Oh, Henry! Henry, dearest, don't leave me alone again!" I exclaimed, when I found myself once more safely under my husband's protection. " Alone, dearest!" said Seaton. " I left Cap* tain Ludlow with you—not a very enlivening companion, I admit, but-—-—" " Oh, be hss been telling me suoh fearful things!" I cried, interrupting him, while I clung to his arm like a frightened child—" such fear ful things!" " What things, love?" aaked Seaton, sooth ingly. " He ssys," I replied, sinking my voice almost to a whisper, " he says, Henry, that hia wife has 1 appeared to him, and that the vision is porten tous of death." " Perhaps he haa aeen her," aaid Seaton. "You think ao!—you think it poaaible!" I gasped. " I only said perhaps, dear Annie!" replied Seaton. " Then you believe in spirits ?" I ssked, fear^ fuUy, for I well kaew that if Henry aaid he did, I should immedistely become a confirmed be* liever, and I dreaded such a conclusion." " ThU is a subject that has troubled snd agi tated wiser heads thsn mine, dear Annie," ssid Seaton; but I think we shall discuss it more ad vantageously and pleasantly with the aid of candles than in the dark—a state of nature only tolerable to criminals groping after crimes, or to dreamy poets, mentally framing rhymes; to lovers, too, perhaps, and yet not so. Tssso, I think it is, who represents a pair of' inamorsti,' loving to watch the reflection of their felicity in a mirror, a pleasure of whioh darkness would j have deprived them." By this time I was enabled to smile at my own folly j and when the candles appealed, the curtains were drawn, and we est down to a very comfortable, matter-of-fact tea; I felt my spirits sensibly relieved, and waa ready to defy all the ghosts in Christendom. " I wish you were never obliged to leave me, dear Henry!" said I—a speech which would have made almost any husband vexed and irrit able, bat which Beaton took aa a proof of affac- tion, while I the next minute reproached myself with it ss proceeding from selfishness. " Now for Ludlow's story 1" ssid Seaton. "Oh no! not now, dear Henry," said I, quickly—"pray not now." " Oh yes, let us have the discussion over," ssid Seaton. " Don't be afraid ; I will sit close beside you, will hold your hsnd sll the time, and perhsps we shsll see no visions to-night. Tell me, what does poor Ludlow say ?" " He ssys that his wife hss really appeared to bim. While he remained with me I was inclined to think tbat the vision he supposed himself to hsve seen waa merely the creation ot his own brain, agitated and distracted by many painful re collections. But afterwards, as I sat alone and thought orer many things I had heard of the same kind, I began to think it waa " "Possible that he had seen his wife?" said Seaton. -. " Yes, indeed," I answered, growing more nervous. " Well, so do I think," said Beaton, smiling • but it wss not the smile of derision, for he seemed quite in earnest. "What! do you believe the reality of the vision ?" I exclaimed. " I do indeed believe ita reality," said Beaton. "What ia that noiaeP" cried I,*starting, "listen!—listen!" " The wind swaying to and fro," said Beaton. " I will go and fasten it, dear' Annie." "Oh no, no!—pray don't leavs me!" I ex claimed. I had never been so silly, Ido think, in my life. I felt quite ashamed of myself sad of my absurd, childish, weakness. "Annie! Annie!—can thia be you!" aaid Seaton,—" you thst have gone through so many trying scenes with the courage of a heroine, now to become like a frightened child! But I ace your nerves are completely unstrung. I think, however, that I eaa restoreyourequanimity by telling you that this sssae vision, which poor Captain Ludlow takes aa a supernatural warn ing of impending fete, haa beea witnessed alao byme." *By you!—by you, daar Henry "I n . claimed. "Yes, by asei but ia the very ungbostly shape of flash aad blood—bring, breathing, epeaking, Annie!" "You cannot aseaa that aha is living!" I exclaimed. " She could only have been saved by a miracle. Oh, no, it cannot be V* "80 might anyone have said -of yoa, dear Annis—your being saved waa miraculous 1 ia feet all the aM-*-**iss we receive from oar Creator are miracles ia a certain eeaee. Listen calmly to ass, dear Annis, if you eaa. Don't atart ao j it ia orly the shatter sgsin. You have heard me talk of a poor woman ia the hospital, eaffering from ill health both of mind and body, har mental disorder, however, not amounting to violent msdnsss, but •**-**»"-rting principally in a kind of morbid melancholy and loaa of memory. She was repeatedly asking for har husband, but only giving him the aame of Henry. I one day asked her her own name 1 shs aaawsrsd ase, with a quiet composure of manner, aod a gentleness of aspect which waa really more psinful to witness thaa the ravings of insanity, tSat she could not teu—she hsd forgotten it. Aad then she hurst into tears, aad aaid abe remembered nothing but that she had loat three friends, and had wandered about for a long time ia search of them, but never could succeed 1 yet aha waa aura ahe had loat tbem only the day be fore. The marks of great beauty are still visible in her countenance, aad her demeanor ia ao graceful that ahe la evidently both well-born aad well-bred. She was taken into the hospital a loag while ago, as a helpless, homeless wsadeter, clothed ia rags, aad utterly destitute. She hss required no restraint, and is always gentle and submissive. All we could learn about her was that ahe waa brought in a vessel from Yaa Die men's Lead. Her mind haa continued ia the 1 same hopeless oondition till to-day, whan on visiting her I waa surprised to find her manner and aspect totally changed, and her oountenanoe full of intelligence, though she looked ill, as if shattered by aome sudden shod or surprise. I enquired if anything had occurred, and wss told that ahe had been out for aeveral hours the day before, having aaeaped the vigilance of the nurses. When she was found and brooght back every one who saw her remsrked, like myself, on her altered demeanor. I questioned her cau tiously, and found that, though timid and re served, she was really awakened to remembrance. By slow degrees I drew from her the facta that had presented themselves on.*e more to her long ! slumbering mind. She told me thst she was the ' daughter of an English officer of some rank, that she bad married without her father's consent, and was following her husband (wb* bad emi grated some months previously) to Sydney, when she, in common with a number of otber ill fated emigrants, hsd been wrecked when they hsd almost reached their plsee of destination. She had lost her infant in the wreck, and was saved herself she knew not how. She had no conception of whst had occurred to her since 1 at least she had only had dim visions of life sinoe her shipwreck. As yon will see, I waa not slow in connecting tbis unfortunate being's story with that of our friend Ludlow, and wss quite confirmed in my supposition wben she told me thst she had certainly seen her husband, and that the sight of one so long lost, but so fondly loved, hsd restored ber to the state of a rational being. 'But,' she added, sighing, 'as my dimmed memory was just awakening, and I ap proached him, trembling with joyful surprise to which my lips refused to give utterance, he looked at me so strangely, with suoh a ghastly stare, that I thought I was once more deluding myself, as I had done a hundred times before, and I turned from him in despairing grief. But no sooner had I turned away than my conviction of having really seen him returned to me more strongly than ever,' snd I retraced my steps. It was evening — I was standing among the busy haunts of men with whom I had no sympathy, nor had tbey any with me. With the return of memory came the consciousness of my lonely and deso late situation, and of all the happiness I hsd lost. A thousand images rose before me; my gray-haired, justly-offended father, who had died, perhaps witbont blessing or forgiving me, wss the foremost of the sad train. I waa in the street; a woman at tbe door of a shop stood watching me as I leant against the wall of the next house, looking no doubt very unearthly. I saw that she looked compassionate, so I ven tured to speak to her, and asked who was tbe gentleman that had just gone by. She replied that it was a Mr. Ludlow, from England, who was just going to be married to Dr. Beaton's sister. I could hear no more} I thought I should soon forget everything again. I wished I might, after hearing those dreadful worda. I rushed away; but I knew not where to go. I knew nothing of my refuge here, where they tell aae I have been kindly taken cere of co long} aad had not ona of thenuraee come in sesrch of me and led me back, I might still hsve been wandering in the streets. I don't know who tbis Dr. Beaton and his sister are; but I am quite sure they are very" wicked people,' she added, with childish simplicity. "' They sre not quite so bsd as you think,' said I; * and I assure you that you bave been quite misinformed with regard to Captain Lud low, who, though be certainly bas long believed you irretrievably lost to him, has always con tinued tenderly attached to your memory, and has, I am confident, never for a moment thought of forming any other connection.' " ' Then it is all real!' she exclaimed, clasping her pale, thin hands in ecstacy; ' and I shall see him sgsin! snd we shall live over again those blessed days! But,' added she, in an altered tone,' he will ask me for his ohild and mine, and when he hears that I selfishly forsook it, left it to perish that I might save myself, he will turn from me with horror:' "'No, no, he will not,' said I; 'he knows that you did not forsake your child; tbat tbe the over-ruling hand of Providence separated you from bim. He knows all, and he will re store to you the lost treasure!' "' My child, my child! Doee my child live P* she cried, with frantic joy. 'Let me ace him —let me go to him!' "Overcome with joyful emotions, she feinted. I wss glad that she did. A oontinaanee of suoh emotion would probably have onoe more over turned her reason. The joy was too greet to bear. I have just oome from her, Annie. We must contrive to fetch her home to us; we must cautiously prepare poor Ludlow for his joyful surprise, and manage to bring about their first interview in the way which aeeasa least likely to produce bad results for either. A flood ot joy is much more overwhelming thaa one of grief, and more destructive in its consequences." Early the next morning I accompanied my husband to the hospital, aad waa introduced to the still bvely Agnes. I loved ber already as the mother of the dear child who was so dear to aae, and for her own gentle sake besides. We bad no difficulty in persuading her to accompany us home, and by gentle degrees we prepared her to meet ber huaband and ohild. We aent for Gap* tain Ludlow, having previously plaoed Agnes in an inner room. He came, looking more de pressed aad wretched than he had done on the previoua evening. We began to talk on indiffer ent things, but presently be said to my huaband, " Dr. Beaton, I told your wife a ghost story last night, aad ahe laughed at it. If ahe has -re lated it to you, I eondude that you hays laughed' eleor M No, indeed, I never laugh at suoh things," said Seaton, gravely. " I do not think them subjects for merriment." "Do you believe thsn in spirits t m asked Cap* tain Ludlow, quickly. " Sometimes I do," anewersd Beaton. «Aa you seem to think tbat Annie haa repeated to me your yesterday's conversation with her, I hays been turning it over ia my mind, aad am much inclined to think yon have been deceived by * " No, no! it waa no delusion,-* interrupted Captain Ludlow, impatisatly. "How strange it is that people will behave nothing they have not seen themselves." "I am not one of each people, my dear friend," ssid Beaton. " I sasrely aaeant to sug* geet tbat a atrong likeness might have deceived yon.** " What! do you think it possible that I could mistake anyone for Agnes P" evriaimed Captain Ludlow. "Aa aoon might a mother be deceived aa regards her only ehfld." « Still," said Beaton, "I do not think it was a spirit, but a loving, breathing being whom you aaw. Did it never occur to you as possible that poor Mrs. Ludlow might, by aome providential meana, have been spared P" " Never {"replied he, shaking his bead. "I have never dared to encourage hopaa ao bliss ful." "And yet events quite aa impossible have happened," aaid Seaton. " For instance, the wonderful preset vaticn of Annie, ana* that of your boy, contrary to every human probability. Why might not another have been ao spared P" " But consider the time which haa elapsed," ssid Mr. Ludlow, despondingly—" the long, sad dreary years t Oh, no! do not suggest such de lusive hopes to me i it cannot be!" " Bat I -really do think it possible," said Boa* ton, " I will add more—it ia even probable." " You have aome foundation for what you say," exclaimed Captain Ludlow, hastily rising, "I am sure you have; you are too humane to torture me. Tell me, I entreat you, have you heard " "I have," ssid Seaton, " I bave heard some thing whieb gives ase hopes; but I must re quest that you will make an effort to conquer this agitation." | " I will t I will be calm i but tell me, pray tell ms, does my Agnes live P" "She does," I replied, unable to withstand his look of sgonised supplication. " She lives!" he cried. " Agnaa—Agnes, my beloved 1" Exhausted by violent emotion, Captain Lad* low fell insensible into Beaton'e arms, while she whom he loved so devotedly oould nolonger resist the impulse of flying to him. She had heard all j and when be awoke to life, and found that it was hsr arms whieb pillowed bis head, her voice tbat recalled him to the blessings of existence, his hsppiness seemed too greet for humanity. I cannot attempt to describe to you tbe scene which ensued, nor paint the mother's joy when sbe clasped her son to her bosom. I bave little mors to tell ) -»v, but that our dear Marian wss soon after united to an amiable and excellent man, though not a very rich one; but then Ahey married for love, not on specula tion, as the msjority of emigrants do. She was and is very happy with the husband of ber choice—as happy ss we could have wished her. Poor mamma thought that Marian might hare done better; and ao she might in point of for tune. But what ia interest weighed in tbe balanoe against happiness P Mamma was for some time very anxious to make Mr. Freeman's acquaintance, but no opportunity of doing so ever occurred. Sbe is still handsome and youthful in appearance; I believe she will never grow old. We often say that ahe must possess Ninon de I'Encloe' secret for securing perpetusl youth. I think thst mamma understands me better than ahe did in my early days, and we are muoh more confidential. Indeed, sbe is very affec tionate to me, and also really attaohed to my dear -husband, who shows her great attention and respect. I am now the hsppy mother of three fair sons, slmost springing into manhood; and our dreams for our sweet Mary are likely to be accomplished. Henry Ludlow, who haa ever been as dear to me aa my own children, ia evi dently much attached to her, and ahe returns his affection. But auch ia the childlike sia nlieitv of their natures that their attaahaaant |**~~/ *■» ■*» -——— —m mmmm mrm^____ always reminds one of that which sprang up ia '. the guileless hearts of Paul and Virginia, and they often make me think of the lovers whoaa '. -Thomson describes in his "Summer"i— '.* ' Bueh tbeir guileless pa«sion was, As in the dawn ot time iuform'd the heart ''_ Of innocence. '•" Thus our dearest wishes are accomplished* Have I anything more to ask of heaven, blessed^ as I am in husband—children—friends? Yea, one thing I must still desire—that I may dailavj become more and more grateful for suoh happi-^ ness—happiness far exceeding that whioh gene-tj rally falls to the lot of mortality. «? •• Here Mrs. Seatou's journal ends," said Mra. Anderton, taking off her spectacles and wiping • them carefully. "It is a great satisfaction|s* be able to tell you that this simple story of hai*-' vsried life only came to band a year or tw^ ago*.-" and thst we have every reason to believe thja%, her happiness and prosperity continue unubate4s***f It appears that she was enabled to recover ther**! lost clue to Mrs. Bobertson's residence, through** 1 an accidental meeting with a distant relative af Mrs. Bobertson's, who had emigrated. Mr*. Seaton then forwarded the narrative (which aha hsd subsequently written) to her early friends in Englsn I. And now, Clara, after all you havgr heard, I suppose you are more than ever averat to emigration P" \ "Oh, no," exclaimed Clara, "I am quito mi convert. The land whioh oontains a Seaton oan not be quite a wilderness." " Not to mention his three charming sona, 1* ssid the old lady, with a uusohievous twinkle in her eye, which made Crura, blush runy red. " Well, if you do einifjrate," continued Mra. Anderton, " I must certainly procure you an in troduction to Dr. and Mrs. Seaton ;" and she added more seriously, "In wishing you happi ness equal to theirs, I oannot help reminding yon that it is tbe result of tried virtue!" F. X. THE SND. AW Tke first ehsptsrs of a very interesting tale—" Tha Forged Will/as published in tbe Family Herald— will appear in our next. 