WALLSEND. ' fFBOM A COKEB8POKDKKT.3 . OctoberSO. TUE recognition service and ordination of th» Ber.' T. Robey to tho pastorate of tho Baptist Church, Walls- end, took place on Tuesday, Ootobor 22nd. The Seri, D. Allon, pastor of tho Baptist Church, Castloreagh strcot, Sydney, nrrivod nt Wallsend on Tuesday, and was introduced to tho Rev. J. Foggon, Primitive Methodist minister, also tho Rev. Mr. Harvey, United Methodist Free Church minister, and other friends, who had assombled to greet tho rovorond gentleman. After taking toa together, tho friends proceeded to the chapel; where the Rev. Mr. Allen preached »nd delivered tho solemn chargototho pastor. The text chosen for, tho occasion was most appropriate-2 Tim, 2-15, "Study to show thysolf, approved unto God ; a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." The Rev. Mr. Allen, in opening the., subject, remarked.that ho preferrodjtho term recognise to ordain ; it was not for man to ordain, but the Holy Ghost. They had mot thoroforo rather to recognise tho ordination already seen in Mr. Roboy than to ordain. It was for him, thoroforo, and tho church upon that solemn occasion to recognise tho or- dination by the Holy Ghost, as seen in tho call and tho fitting of tho minister for tho work, and in tho qualifica- tions with which ho was endowed. Tho Ker. Mr. Allen thon proceeded with tho .charge to tho minister, giving tho advice, cautions, Seo., most appropriate for tho occasion. Tho address was one of the most able and instructivo, and was listened to wi'.h profound atten- tion. A gracious influence pervaded tho moating, nnd all appcarad to feel tho power of the Word, and tho Divino influence tbnt aeoompanied it. " Tho Rev. Mr. Harvey offered tho closing prayer, which concluded tho ovoning. sorvico. Tho following Sunday; 27th. instant.* the Hov. Mr. Allon preached morning and craning, and delivarad tho usual charges to ,tha congregation"." , Tho Diviua prcsauco was graciously felt during tho services; In tho afternoon Mr. Allon ' proachod' ? in tho United Methodist Freo Church. : Tho .discourses- were delivered with a power and earnestness which nil'ap- peared to foo'. Thoso intorestingand odifying services, also tho visit of tho Rev. Mr. Allon, will Jong ho remem- bered by tho Wallsend Church and friends. Af tor the ordination sorvico thcro was a mutual.exchango of pul- pits. Tho Rev. T. Robey proceeded to Sydnoy to. offi- ciator for tho Rev. Mr. Allen, who has boen .pastor of tho Castlorcagh- stroet Church nineo tho former .pastor, i tho Rev. Bunyan M'Cure, resigned ' and loft , for .Europe. During this exebango Mr. Robey has'preached' in Oas-' tloreagh-streot, Bathurst-streot, ' and : Brijbane-strcot Churches ; also addresBod the Young Men's Christian Association, and other public moetings -hold ia. Sydney during tho wook. ', ;Whiló so ongagod Mr. Allon waa like wiso addressing audiences in vannus parts of. Wallsend and neighbourhood. Wo trust this.mutual and' vary friendly exchango of labour in this great and noble work will provo a blessing to both of tho churches and tho districts which have boon so favoured, and that it ¡will tend also to tho strengthening of the nanda of tho. poa-. tors in thpir labour, of lovo. ... . ., - '{ 