The Metropolitan Handicap. BY PEGASUS. I THAT tliero nvc lots of tilings in tho heads of handicappers, not dreamt of in my philosophy is a fact to which tho weights posted nu Wednesday have mudo mo palpably alive; for I'm qnitesuro no sensation of modern times, not even the fall of the Saxtons, or the imprisonment of " Sir Hoger," has caused greater consternation than tho position of "Juv'lin" in the handicap for the "Motrop." My intention was to review these weights whenever they came out; for, seeing that there was a very diilioult lot to put together, and that Mr. Scarr hadn't seen about fifteen out of the forty, I was quito prepared for a handicap that would satisfy few people ; but I didn't expect to sec the top bull-dozen kuocked clem ont, and here I lind seven at the head of the list left without tlie ghost of a chance-Little Dick being the only ono of that number that wo do not know for certain cannot carry his weight. Dick may bo able to nego tiate his 8st 101b; and he's the otdy one among the first seven-Warrior can never hold his own at flst 3lb in suoli a liuld. Tho way thc three four-year-olds' uro treated is sim ply ridiculous. Kingfisher, most likely, won't accept, and asBarbello was always beaton in two-mils races with 7st 101b or upwards, it, Isn't supposable that she cm have a chance here carrying 8st 81b. The early appearance of the weights Isa boon to somo owners ol' horses, for they may now make up their minds not to come tn liundwick ut all, and among these I'm sully ulr.iid will be Mr. T. J. ityan, who will h.irdly tempt 'fortuno with Kinglisher or The Ace. Forull poetical purposes thc handicap might as well have begun a stone lower than it, has, seeing that almost for a certainty the wp weight willuctually bu Valentine and Cyclops nt Sst alb, a'.whicli, at least, one ol' tho pair is very well in. If I'm iiny tliingol' a judge, I should say that public miming has shown ¿any Olifclen to bo pounds and pounds better than Pyrrhus, but the latter bas received tho full benefit of all doubts that might have arisen about him, bj'reason of his stable's coiil't aonco in him for tho Melbourne Cup. Certainly, his perform ances don't in anyway warrant his position, I'm game to admit that I don't fathom the reasons for many things in this Jure *'veiK,lts: about which there is a haziness that's very uHnciilt to see a way through ; und uno of these iiiiiicconnt atilo things is why f'riiim gives weight to Reprieve, who has won live or six taces (including two three-mile handicaps, in ono or which he carried about; Sst), without being beaten. I (we say the company wasn't, very gay ; but, even so, when a norse wins all his races, and in a cantor, he must have some credit. I consider Reprieve one of tho best in animals ; but i maintain, that Priam has ilouu nothing to entitlu him to be anerniiil of Thc Duke or Misty Morn. I don't know Lancer ; t ie young ones are too good for the likes of Lott . ry, and om Cossack ; Illumination was ruined nt Uiithurst, T a three-year-old, mid I almost despair ol' over 7"f ¡er at her best, again. If my common-looking fiend The Quack is really improving into a racehorse, this liT'Ai to ,J0 his chanceas I reckon bo's best-iu of Mr. Tait's; "w the company is rather above the ken of Johnny Smoker, «i,V oliI"!,D"«W0l't,b which brings me down to 7st. Keru I »nu Lindlioppu,. thrown in for Ids good deeds, und though no uno moro than myself acknowledges tho advuutago to bo îiîn r beeping*Mr. Drown on tlie turf, I'm by no means ti,;Plïei to admit that for that purpose his horses should bo T,i ii osu- 1 don't believe there's a horse in the land that couiunuvc giyen cyclops u atone ut Mudgee ; und if ho can bo brought as fit to Randwick, ho lias all above him as safe as if they were boiled. Supposing my theory to he correct in this matter, what has Clodhopper done to get in ut. "st? All Iiis performances have, after all, only ha i the i-ti'oct of raising his weight about half a stone. Tho unconquered Lec turer, ineompirauly tho best colt of Iiis year, receives a "¡cuiplc ôf pounds from poor Jav'lin, who has been all to pieces for months, was beaten disgracefully by commoners tho other day at Mudgee, and is quite likely never to be a rueeh irse again; and although the Sappho colt h is 41b over his weight for age to carry, hu looks on paper us dan gerous as anything in tho race. I'm sure lie's a weight car rier : and he ought to be aide to »tay. Toothpicker isn't quality enough, otherwise lie's well enough in ; lint ho mint improve greatly on what he did in the Publicans'"Purse at Mudgee, with the same weight up; and The Heir's nipost can't bo compluiued of, if ho were good enough, which I'm afraid he isn't. At any rate it's hardly possible for him to tie tit. Mr, Rouse should bo s.itis iiod with tho treatment of Lord Lyon and Wanderer; and it won't at all surprise mo to seo thu young DUO run very well ; for I'm sure he's a sticker, and he's best in nf the two yoar-olds, so far as ono can judge. Alter look ing down tho Hst, with a view to future pro babilities, I como to the . conclusion that the to weights down to the 8st 81b aro out of it, tho worst used animals in the race being Jav'lin, Thc Prophet, and I'la Ace. Without pretending to understand tho whys une wherefores of tho handicapping, I pick out tho following as having a chance :-Valentine, Cyclops, Lady Clifden, Tlv Duke, Mistv Morn, Reprieve, The Quack, Johnny Smoker Clodhopper (turned loose), Lecturer, Tooth picker, Bclphegor, and Wanderer; and Im ver; sorry that at present I ain't, as my custom is put the name of Barbollo among tho likely ones. Hu old maro might have a show with tho 81b ott he back, but she can't bo in tho nico at her present weight mores the pity. Its what I call an unfortunate handicap, in I'm afraid thero will be a good many detections when th non-acceptance day comes round. The danger of interfering in matters one doesn t unuerstan was never more clearly illustrated that by " Playboy ' c tho Melbourne Uïc/rfi/ times who, in his last weolc s issue, ha "There was something laughable over tho Turf Club Handi cap, says tho Town amt Country Journal, writing nu tho Mudgee races, "though not to thc bookmakers, who had been losing right through the meeting. Mr. Jirowti declared to win with Clodhopper, and Cyclops made the running. At tile turn for homo Mark Thompson having settled ail the others, called to Shepherd (who rode Cyclops) to pull up and let hun go to the front. ' I can't hold him,' said Shepherd. ' Go inside a post,' retorted Mark. * I'll see voa d-d first :' but, sure enough, inside a post Cyclops dal go, and it was with tho greatest difficulty Cyclops could be held slow enough to let tho Clod win." Now, what is there laugh able in this ? Cyclops had proved himself by a long way to bo tho best horse at thu meeting, ami was naturally backed to win thc race in question, but at tho last, minute his owner declaves to win with his other horse, Clodhopper, and the publie aro sold. I sec a Melbourne contemporary which sots itself up to purify the morals of the turf, last week copied this from the Town ami Country Journal without a single remark. Thc journal in question has altered its tone wonderfully lately. This is the very action on the part of owners that all the sporting journals of any respectability in England have lately sn condemned, mid to put an end to which Admiral Hons has brought before tho Jockey Club tho following motion, no doubt passed by this time:-"That no person shirting one, two, or more horses shall give orders to his jockey to pall up a horse Unit has a chance of winning on any plea of declaration, or limier any circumstances" This system of déclaration lias been must disgracefully abused ; it is'high time it was puta stop lo, and it is to be hoped that the V.Ii.C. will at once put their veto ou it, and make the Admiral's motion ono of their own rules, ll ho wilfully went inside a post, Shepherd ought to have been suspended for twelvo months, mid his confrere on Clod hopper ought to have received a similar sentence for partici pating in tho business. At all events, it docs not seem that Cyclops turned back after going inside the post, and, accord ing to the rules, tho jockey ought to have been lined JES for not doing so." Now, with all duo deference, my friend "Playboy" has dis covered a mare's nest. Cyclops certainly had proved himself tho best horso at tho meeting, but strange to say, as if to upset " Playboy's" conclusions, he was not naturally hacked to w.n this r.ice:J because, so far from Mr. Brown declaring to win at tho last moment, it was known all along that ho would win with Clodhopper, whom he had backed iii the double for moro money than ho had Cyclops. Tho only person who backed tho latter animal was tho owner himself. "Playboy" would have dono just as well to copy my remarks without comment, as ho linds fault with his .Melbourne contemporary fordoing, instead of making out a »iso that uover occurred, just for the sake ol'having something to pitch into; and as for the motion to be brought before tho Jockey Club for doing away with declarations to win of course it will be an excellent tiling ; but so long ns declaring is allowed, we have the authority of Admiral Kans for believing that a jockey is pcr factly justified in throwing himself off to lose a anec if ho can not otherwise ailow the declared horse to win. This, as tho gallant Admiral has said, "is to keep lilith with the pub lic" 1 suppose " Playboy " would have been too scandalised to laugh had ho been within hearing of tho dialogue between the two lads in the race; but I can tell him that those who had the chanco laughed right heartily at what they thought was a capital joke, and a long way removed from high treason. 