ST. BERNARD'S CHURCH. The foundation stone of a building at Bacchus Marsh which is to bear the above title was laid on Sunday last by his Lordship Bishop Goold. It will be seen, therefore, that the Church is intended for the Roman Catholic denomination. It will be a very large one-too large some of the congregation think. However, let us hope that it will not be too expensive for speedy completion. It will then be quite a landmark for many miles distant, and a source of pride to the denomina- tion as a whole, and to the pastor and his people particularly. We have already given a descrip- tion of the plan of the building, but may repeat here that the internal measurement is 100ft., of which 25ft. form the sanctuary, which is 20ft. wide, while the body of the Church will be 80ft. wide. There are two sacristies, one 12 x 20, and the other 14.6 x 12.8, In addition there are a porch and an octagon tower, the latter being a main feature in the design. The contract at present let is for the erection of the whole build- ing ready for the carpenters and plasterers. The contractors are Messrs. Hiam & Rose, of Ballarat, who have up to 1st April to complete their work, the contract price being £480. They have already got in nearly the whole of the founda- tions, and very massive work it appears to be. The estimated cost of the whole building is something over £2,000, and we believe the sum at present available is about £1,000. The architect is Mr. H, E. Caselli, of Ballarat, The superstructure is to be of brick, cemented, mostly 22-inch work, and the roof of slate, the ceiling of stained wood. Coming to the ceremonies of Sunday. The foundation stone was laid at one of the corners of the tower. A platform and tem- porary altar had been placed close to it, covered with an extensive awning. At 11 a.m. a proces- sion of children wended from the Roman Catholic Schoolbuilding at present used as a Church, and speedily arrived at the site of St. Bernard's Church. The usual service of the denomination was then gone through by the Rev. T. J. O'Callaghan, the pastor of the district; after which the Bishop and Dean Moore arrived. Some more religious ceremonies wore gone through, and then a procession was formed to walk round the foundations. This having been accomplished, and several prayers read by the Bishop and the other clergy, the proceedings under the awning were resumed. The Bishop laid the stone in the usual way, pronouncing numerous prayers, both in Latin and English, and declaring the stone laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, &c.;, There was then another perambula- tion round the foundations, and further prayers. The very Rev. Dean Moore then addressed the people, taking for his text the first part of the 2nd chapter of Matthew. He spoke of the Christmas season which had just passed, and of the star which the wise men of the East followed into a far off country solely by the strength of their faith. He dwelt upon their fortitude in so doing, and held them up as an example to be followed by the present generation. Although those men were not Jews, who had been God's chosen people, they unhesitatingly went forth to seek the Saviour in Bethlehem. The preacher also referred to the adoration and offerings they gave the Infant Saviour as worthy of all imita- tion, and, referring to the occasion which had brought the assemblage he was addressing together, he said they were there, as in old times, -Bishop, priest, and people, to further their holy religion, and he, in a stirring and exciting man- ner, exhorted them to be worthy of the faith for which so many men had endured a living death and hardships unparalleled in the world's history. He compared the altar before them to the crib of the Saviour at Bethlehem, and desired them to bring their offerings to it. The sermon was short, but animated, and creditable to the preacher. The Rev. Tr. J. O'Callaghan then received money on the foundation stone, calling out names and amounts, and stating that the list would be read at the altar next Sunday. A sum of about £90 was received, a good portion of which came from Protestants. The weather was excessively warm, and doubtless kept many away, but there was a tolerably large assemblage nevertheless. On Monday the Bishop confirmed 57 children. 