VOTE OF WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION. Mr. MASON, in resuming the debate on the amendment on tho address moved by the member for East Bourke (Mr. Ramsay), de nounced the manner in which the debate had been carried on by hon. members oppo site, and said that Mr. Walker had declared to him that if he thought the motion of the mem ber for Richmond was purely a want of confidence motion, ho wonld support the Government. He asked tho hon. member if that was true . Mr. WALKER : No. (Laughter.) But the hon. gentleman told mo most distinctly before he Bpoke in tho Houso that ho did not know how he was -going to vote, that he had been so badly treated by Ministers that if he was sure it would not he a want of confidence motion he would very likely vote against tho Government. Mr. MASON denied this. What he said was (hat if ho thought tho question of education would bo Bettled by tho passing of the motion of tho meinbor for Richmond, ho would vote for it. The hon. member wont on to speak of the inca pacity of hon. members opposite to conduct the jusiness of the country, and said that the pre sont loader of the Opposition had, when in office, by his muddling of the accounts, cansed a defi ciency of £200,000. Mr. FRANCIS : That is not true. Tho defi ciency was not an actual, but a prospective one. Air. VALE said tho hon. gentleman had used an unparliamentary expression, and that he ought to withdraw it. Mr. WRIXON said an untruo statement had been made, and his hon. friend was surely en- titled to say it was untrue. Mr. VALE said the point of order was settled last night, and the hon. gentleman ought to with draw tho words " not true." Mr. FRANCIS withdrew tho expression. Sir. MASON then west on to discuss the man ner in which the last and several preceding Go- vernments had exercised their patronage, mak- ing numerous charges of corruption, favoritism, and nepotism! Ho demanded that tho Opposition should make known what wore tho expenses of tho late Agent-General's first trip to England : and, in concinsion, ridiculed tho qualifications of hon. gention n opposite for office. Mr. A. T. OLARK thought it necessary to explain why he voted with the Ministry on th» previous amendment. He did so because he did not consider that amendment as ho should have wished it to be — a general vote of want of confi dence. Ho was considerably embarrassed by tho speech of tho hon. memher "for Belfast. Besides, lie was aware that anch an amendment as the present was to be brought forward, and ho do- sired that any succeeding Ministry should have an opportunity of cancelling tho appointments complained of by a general vote of that House. And again, ho did not boliovo that tho Ministry would havo resigned on tho last amendmont. For these reasons he had voted with tho Go vernment. The hon. member then com plained of tho banquets during the recess, nnd of tho threat of a dissolution neld over tho head of Parliament. Tho Ministry had originated by these banquets a system of bribery. (Mr. Lengmore : Name one.) He was not to bo put off by interruptions, hut it was certain that in country districts there were many pcoplo who wonld voto for any Ministry who would promiso certain amounts. Another item was tho rumored resignation of the hon. member for North Gipps Land. His own opinion at tho time was that tho Chief Sec retary intended to promise the district a railway if they wero prepared to return his son, and lie had heard no explanation from tho Chief Secre tary which could alter his opinion, Then thore was the appointment of Mr. Cashel Hooy, whom ho could designate by no other name than that of a rebel. It was very poor taste on the part of this country to force on England or to reward a man for having at somo period taken active steps in aiding rebollion against the British Go vernment. When tho question was brought he- fore that chambor, ho was very much astonished to find that tho Chief Secretary in answering the question did what, in his opinion, was quite sufficient justification for tho vote he was about to give — he quibblod in his answor. For the honor of the country, ho considered that any Cliiof Secretary who quibblod or pre varicated in answering a question put by any hon. momber of that House should forfeit tho confidence of tho Houso and of the country. He then attacked the general conduct of the depart ments under the Ministers, and said that the civil servico was, under thoir rule, becoming com pletely demoralised, although they had promised a re-organisation of tho scrvico. With reference to the taunt of tho Attornoy-Goneral regarding the Williamstown appoiutmont, that hon. members had signed a requisition which they did not intend to carry out, ho said that this came with very bad grace from that hon. gentleman, as he found before ho became a Minister ho had signed a requisition for the appointment of a certain gen tleman as official assignee, and when ho took office and had the appointment he did not give it to tho gentleman in whose favor ho had Bigned thorequisition. Ho tookexceptiou to the appoint ment of Air. Macallister in the Customs depart ment, nnd of bauds on tho dredge, mentioning one case of a man, a co-religionist and a countryman of tho Commissioner of Public Works, who was brought down from the country, placed on board tho steamer, and was then found to be ignorant of tho diiloronco between the stem and stern of tho vessel, and this in tho face of the fact that there wore competent men who had been in tho Eervice then unemployed. Tho man was sont on shore, nnd tho Government wore keeping him, although ho (Air. Clark) did not bo liovo that ho was wanted. Tho hon. mom bor detailed tho position ho had taken up in roforonco to tho Williamstown appointment, and said ho was quito cortain that unless Mr. Dennis's appointment was cancelled, it would have a very bad effect on tho railway returns, inasmuch as there was great jealousy among nautical men, and Mr. Dennis, who had never commanded a vessel, would bo placed in a position over gentlo- men who wore mastors of ships, and tho re sult was that thoy would take thoir ships to the Sandridge pior. Ho also objected to the psnsion granted to Captain Blackburn, whom ho believed to be capable of performing his duties for ten years longer. His conviction and belief was that the appointment of Atr.'Donnis as tho successor of Captain Blackburn was mado as tho condition of Mr. Jonner's acceptance of the position of the Government representative in tho Legislative Council. It was time that a" stop was put to the making of bargains to the injury of the civil service. Ho characterised the language of the hon. the Com missioner of Railways with reference to tho Hoey appointment as thoroughly unfit for uso by a Minister of tbe Crown wEo had sworn allegiance to the Crown. . The hon. member then expressed regret at tho action taken with reference to the charges against tho Treasurer, whom he believed to ho an honest politician. ''cHad the hon. member for Geelong East desired to remove the hon. momber from the Treasury benches, he thought that another course was open to him. 1 Mr. DUFFY said that tbe motion before tbo Houso was one designed not merely to overthrow tho Govornment as a political party, but to dis honor thorn as public inou by a charge that they had unworthily used tho power with which thoy wore ontrusted. It was liis intention to weigh the charge .in both its branches. When he assumed 'his present office he did it with a full determination that it should bo used solely for public ends, and he was there to contcndjthat that intention had been carried out. (Hear, hoar. ) Ho approached tho question under somo difficulties, because ho did not know whether all the charges the Government were expected to meet had been mado against them. The ken. mem ber for Richmond had mado just such a statement as to tbeso charges as he thought proper to that House, instead of a clear and conclusive state ment. He remembered in the last debate how hon. mombors one after anothor assailed him per sonally when his mouth was closed, and when it was suggested that ho should have an opportunity offered him of replying, instead of consenting to that arrangement, thoy groaned in a chorus of passion, declaring that ho should not. Well, ho did not know if on tho presont occasion those tactics had been re peated, but it seemed to him that the order of the day on tho present occasion was to throw dirt at the hoads of tho Government because if thoy did not the conspiracy of Flinders-lano would end in disaster. -'That course seemed to him scarcely fair, hut 'his timo had come now, and he relied on tho electric - force of simple truth to carry conviction 'to every honest mind. He would take so much notice of the statemont — the labored statement— of tho hon. member who had last addressed the House as to begin by referring to the charge that ho had abused tho opportunity afforded him at the banquets spokon of to assail his political oppo nents. He declared that a grosser misrepresenta tion was never uttered. (Oh, oh.) He had used the platform of these public enter tainments simply forself-defence against those who were assailing him. Among the members of the late Government there wero three who were con nected with the press, and among tho Opposition there wero three others, making twice as many, who, under the shield of anonymity nnder which our journalism was conducted, were not sparing in their criticisms of the Government. Did any ono think it was his , duty to listen in silence to these criticisms, or to use a fair opportunity of refuting them ? If he had pursued the former course the effect would have been that the Government would have been lied out of office. (Chair, and Order). Mr. AIACKAY rose to order, but was greeted by a perfect chorus of members crying Chair and Order. It was Borne time before he could speak, and then he asked whether the hon. mem ber wa3 in order in inferentially stating that three members of the late Atinistry had boen gniltyof lying in tho papors. ' (Lond cries of Chair, chair.) The SPEAKER did not think that the hon. memher was out of order, as he had not pointed out any one. Mr. MACKAY again rose, but tho crio3 of Chair and tho general disorder wore resumed to such an extent that he was unable to obtain a hearing. Mr. VALE said that he would venture to call attention to the compact entered into on tho pre vious evening, with a view of having orderly pro ceedings in tbe House. In spite of this the hon. member was calling on the Speaker to decide what was not a point of order, and his conduct was disgraceful and cowardly. (Loud cries of Chair, and Withdraw.). Mr. G. V. SMITH rose to a point of order. He wanted the hon. member to be directed to retract the words " disgraceful and cowardly." Air. VALE : I have simply to say that I used those words advisedly. Mr. MACKAY : " More shame for you,"' and renewed cries of Order, and Chair. Mr. VALE remarked that ho said the words for this purpose. The Chief Secretary suffered under a very great disadvantage in addressing any public assemblage— (Chair, chair,)— and the Opposition knew that thoy would crush him with a noise of that sort. Ho was prepared, as he always was, to withdraw in deference to the Speaker at tbo proper time. The SPEAKER called upon the hon. member to withdraw the words he had used, but at tho same timo added that ho did not think that the Chief Secretary in the words ho had used had gone beyond tho rules of tbe House. Mr. VALE said that when he was allowed quietly to say two words he should do what he alwaya did Mr. MACKAY rose to a point of order. Air. VALE bad risen with an intention which bo should complete. (Cries of Chair.) He used two expressions in relation to tho conduct of tho hon. member for Sandhurst, for the purpose. —(Chair, chair ) He said them because— (chair) The SPEAKER said that the hon. member was not in order in making a speech in justification. Mr. VALE was not going to justify himself. He simply desired to point out that when he said thoso words, lieiutonded them to imply that it was unfair to a weak yoica to make su;h a noise or to be guilty of disorderly conduct. The hon. mem ber then withdrew tho objectionable words. Air. DUFFY rose to continue his speech. Mr. BENT had a point of order. Mr. DUFFY continued attempting to address the Speaker, but was unable to do so. The SPEAKER said that he had already de cided one point of order, and another had been raised by the hon. member for Brighton. He could not decide that until he heard what it was. Air. DUFFY said that one point had just been decided, and nothing had arisen since. Mr. BENT stated that, as usual with the Com missioner of Customs, he withdrew ono state ment, and then said something more. Ho had said that tho hon. momber was guilty of dis orderly conduct. The SPEAKER said it would havo been pre ferable had t'uo words not been usod. Air. DUFFY went on to say that ho had used the platform of these public banquets exclusively for self-defence, and four members of that House had rendered it necessary for him to do so. Tho member for Dnndas had pathetically appealed that ho (Mr. Duffy) had assailod his land policy when lie was not there to reply. The land policy of tho hon. member no more_ interested him than what was going on at Kamscbatka. Had he not assailed tho land policy of tho Govern ment ? Ho was ono of tho proprietors and writers of a newspaper in this city which misrepresented everything the Government said or did— assailed it six times, aye, sometimoa Bix and twenty times a week, in all tho moods:and tensos of writing ; and wore they to be told that they should for ever sustain in absoluto silence a fire of calumny of the naturo 1 Mr. MACPHERSON : I never had a share in any newspapor in the colony, or anywhere clso ; and I never wrote or laid the foundation of any nrticie that has appeared in any of tho newspapers of this colony. (Cheers.) _ Air. DUFFY accepted this absoluto contradic tion, but said thoro were a considerable number of persons, both inside and outside tho House, whom it would tako as much by surprise as it did him. The specific reason why he had taken action at those hanquots was be cause he had boon assured by numerous woll- iuformed persons that the hon. momber was di recting that machine against him, for the life of overypubiic man might bo made intolerable did he not carry a weapon to chastise unreasonable ag gressors. With regard to the hon. member for West Melbourne, ho had referred to him simply to refute tho unfair and ungenerous charge he had bronght against him (Mr. Duffy) in his ab sence — that ho had abandoned his opinions on the education question. Tbe only foundation for that charge was that a considerable change had been made in tho estimates from previous years ; but that chango was made by the member for Richmond ; nnd ho would undertake to say that if tko member for West Melbourne got a government with the member for Richmond at tho head of it, he would bring down tho estimates in that identical fashion. The hon. gentleman proceeded to charge Air. Langton with criticising the members of tho Houso in the Argus. Mr. LANGTON denied that ho did so. Mr. DUFFY : I cannot accept that statement as I did the statement of the member for Dnndas, becaase the hon. gentleman showed me one article of his before it went to the paper. (Laughter.) Air. LANGTON said that he meant since tho hon. gentleman had been in office. Air. DUFFY said if anything had interrupted tho ordinary practice of tbo hon. member he had not communicated it to him. (Laughter.) The hon. member ofton referred to Hansard, whore thoir apeocho3 wore sot forth against the groat day, and ho ought to lay his criti cisms of hon. members which had appeared in tho journals before the Houso, so that thoy might hold him accountable for what he had written. Ho rejoiced that tho hon. member had taken up a position of antagonism to tho present Government. Ho had had him both as a colleague and an antagonist, and ho preferred him in tho latter capacity. (Laughter.! Alr. LANGTON : When I refused to join yon. (Choora and laughter.) Air. DUFFY : Of this lam quite sure, that tho hou. gentleman will not again by his vote raise ma to a position of authority in tho party with which ho is connected, and then assail mo with sly paragraphs in the newspaper with which he is connected. Air. LANGTON : I never did so in my life. Air. DUFFY : I can show the hon. gentleman a letter in his own handwriting. 1. Air. LANGTON repeated his denial. Air. DUFFY : Not one sly paragraph ? Air. LANGTON: No, not me. Air. DUFFY : Well, neither will tho hon. mem ber solicit my aid to get him into tho House, and then employ his position to defame mo. Air. LANGTON : I never asked it. - v Mr, DUFFY wont on to say that the hon. mem her for West Melbourne had. read him a lesson upon fidelity to principle ; but the hon. member was not exactly tho authority he would take his political morality from. The only qnestion on which he had been tolerably steady was that of free trade, whioh ho had stuck to because ho re presented a wealthy constituency. When Air. Higinbotham introduced his education bill, the hon. momber — as recorded in Hansard — compli mented him on it, and then when popular fooling ran high against it, became one of its most vigorous opponents in order to float with the tide. In the samo way with the Darling grant. He was long one of its most vehement opponents, bat when ho bocamo a leading member of the Admin istration after the general election, he receded step by step until ho framed a bill to grant the money to Sir Charles Darling. With those facts before it, the House would scarcely sot the hon. gentleman np ns a guide in matters of political consistency. Ho (Mr. Daffy) had been loctnrcd upon some idle controversies between himsolf and the present Commissioner of Customs. But of all tho trans actions that had occurred since the present Go vernment came into office none afforded a hotter guarantee that its object was to make a party based upon the popular interests and sympathies of the country than Mr. Vale and himself having forgotten the controversy they had. (Hoar, hear, and cheers.) In that controversy he had always acted on the defensive, and when Mr. Vale on farther acquaintance abandoned his prejudices against him, it was his (Mr. Duffy's) duty to wel come him to his side. He had made it an un varying rule of public life nover to attack any body, and never to permit anybody to attack him with impunity. But thongh he accepted anybody who had assailed him at ono time from motives not discreditable to bim, whatever political changes might come he would not take to his bos6m a man who had charged him with haying seized upon the public funds illegally, as the hon. meni- bor for West Melbourne had done. Had not the hon. member for Dundas charged tho hon. mem ber for Richmond with illegally suspending an act of Parliament to pnt money into his own pocket and that of his colleague tho member for Mornington, and his sup porters ? Had ho not charged him with sub jecting tho country to an expense of £63.000, which ho distributed amongst his friendsj? 'And had not the hon. gentleman who made these charges been denounced by Sir James M'Culloch as one who had degraded this conntry in the eyes of the world more than any other ; yet the hon. member for Richmond and the hon. member for West Melbourne had taken him to their arms. Having justified tho course he took iu referring to the hon. members whom ho alluded to in his after-dinner speeches, Mr. Duffy proceeded to notice the hon. members whom he did not attack, but who attacked him. During the debates there bad been two or ihree fine effects — when the hon. member (Air. Walker) crossed to the othor side of the Houso, and when the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker) rose and shook the dust off his shoes against the Government. Young members who accepted tho traditions of the Honse must have thought that the milk of human kindness in that hon. member's bosom had boon curdled by vexation, but he hoped to enlighten them and show that it was the black bile of personal malignity. (Loud cries of Order, Chair. ) Mr. FRANCIS called upon tho hon. gentleman to withdraw the expression. The SPEAKER said no hon. memuBr was justi fied in attributing motives to another. Mr. DUFFY : You allowed Mr. Harker to make imputations of a grossly offensive personal character against me, and 1 propose to answer them. If I have made an; imputation I cannot bear out, tho weight will fall on me. The SPEAKER said he had noticed at the time that Air. Harker had made one of the most offen sive remarks that could possibly be made in that House. At the same time it was not done so directly or in such a way as to call upon him to interfere. Ho had merely to translate the orders of the House as best he could, and he repeated that it was not justifiable to attribute motives. After some further discussion, Air. DUFFY withdrew the remark, and said he should simply give the narrative, and allow the House to draw its own conclusions. Twelve years ago he had been the colleague of tho member for Collingwood, and any time between that and this, that gentleman would have been delighted to make the pronunciamento he did the previous night. It had been stated that ho had left the Government of twelve years ago because of a con- troversy ho had with the member forColiingwood. He denied iu tbo most emphatic manner that so trivial a cause would have induced b im to withdraw. Tho facts were these. He (Mr. Duffy) was Com missioner of Roads and Bridges, and the hon. member, who was Treasurer, put on tbo estimates a sum of £4000 to bo expended in his own con stituency, on a street not far from his own re sidence. He (Mr. Duffy) struck that off because it was contrary to law, but tho hon. gentleman, in his absence, got it on again, and he was put in the position of either breaking up tho Govern ment or allowing the vote to uass. It was well known that on the roads and bridges ont of Melbourne there were tolls ; but the member for Collingwood attempted to got the Johnston-street bridge leading to Collingwood. nnd then just mado, free of toll. He (Mr. Duffy) insisted upon applying to the constituents of the hon. gentleman the same rule that ap plied to all others. These were the two grounds of complaint the hon. gentleman had against him. Tho Chief Secretary went on to qaoto from a speech of Mr. Alichio, in which he charged the member for Collingwood 'th turning his attention to heaping up wealth, ottorly regardless of tho high duties he owed to the country; and also quoted a statement of the hon. member for St. Kilda (who had mado the member for Collingwood a magistrate), that he would have hesuated to have done so had ho known what be awards did. The hon. gentleman added, that he left it to hon. members to say whether, after the ex perience he had had of the hon. member for Col- fingwood, that gontleraan, when he rose the other night iiko tho ghost of Hamlet's father, wi.h all those recollections on his mind, was not glad of an opportunity of assailing him (Air. Daffy) in a reck less and unjustifiable manner. When that hon. gentleman resigned his place as chairman of tho Board of Education, he left tho Government no option but to accept it, and he (Mr Duffy) had no compunction iu doing so He who ruled over free men should himself be free ; and it was not at all unreasonable that a gontloman who hadto direct tho public education of the community should have somo tincture of education himsolf. (Laughter.) If ho had thought tho hon. member unlit for such a position before, circumstances had since occurred which drove that conviction conclusively homo to - his - mind. , Every- ono mnst havo read ( tho report - o. tho proceedings at tho Blind Asylum, when the hon. membor uttered sontimonts which, if Swift in his cynical way had put them into the mouth of a politician in Gulliver's Travels, would havp been thought too extravagant. .< The hon. gontlo- man had actually said that ; thcro should bo no Roman Catholics i allowed Jon '. the com mittee, because they would 3 bo v likely to objoct to tho dozen Reman" Catholic chil dren being taught from Protestant hooks. If such a thing had occurred in Italy or Spain, it would have been considered an instance of the most shameless bigotry. Tho Chief Secretary next proceeded to justify tho course ho had adopted in regard to free trade, and quoted from his speeches to show that ho had all along been in favor of such a compro mise as would foster native industries. He had been charged with throwing tho freo selec tors into the hands of usurers and money lenders, by giving them the power to obtain advances of money on'the security of their allotments. - This was not really tho case ; the effect of what he did say at Kyneton was that Mr. Grant was going to tako tho free selectors out of the hands of mort gagees and usurers. There was ono othor point, and then he would proceed to grapple with tho special subject of the amendment. It had been alleged over and over again in the newspapers that the Government had violated their duty as a Constitutional Ministry, by going to the peoplo and telling them their policy. - This was absurd. Was not the same thing dono by Air. Glad stone, when he addressed an iramenso open air mooting at Greenwich 1 (Mr. Francis : That was his own constituency.) Perhaps so, but still it was woll known that every year the Ministry attended a grand banquet given by tbo Lord Mayor, and there publicly oxpounded their policy. There was also the fact that the hon. member for Buckinghamshire (Mr. Disraoii) the Coosorvativo leader, had attended an immonso mooting at Manchester, in the heart of the mauu- faeturingdistrict. Before proceeding to tho ques tion of the appointment mado by tho Government ho would call hon. members' attention to tho fact, that although charges against them wore repeated and reiterated in the newspapors, ho could not deal with them unless they wero made in the House. Besides the newspapers, another method was boing adopted of misleading tho people of the colony. Somewhere in the city was a bank of lies from whence wore daily issued stories that could not bo put in tho newspapers, but wero fab ricated and disseminated for tho sale purpose of damaging tho Govornment. He would state two or three of them by way of showing tho shameful means adopted for damaging tho Govornment. Since the meeting of Parliament ono of his colleagues had been informed in Col- lins-atrcet that Mr. Dennis had received tho np- E ointment of pier-master at Wiiliamstown bocanso e had brought a lotter of introduction from tho Catholic Archbishop of Sydney to him (Air. Duffy). This was totally false, as he had never heard Air. Dennis's name from any person excepting his colleague. Another person had been informed that Mr. Holme3 had been appointed a police magistrate because ho was an "Irish Roman Catholic. So far from this being the case he had always understood that ho was an Orangeman, and yet he had been appointed to tha only vacancy that had been filled up, and that vacancy was caused by the death of a Roman Catholic police magistrate, p A > former momber ol this House had f also r, accused > him oi having displaced fa. man i! named < M'Call, Tho facts of tha 'case were"; that Sir James M'Culloch had appointed him to a temporary position, and the Audit Commissioners ' had objected to continue paying him tho, salary of c classified officer. He therefore received a reason ablo notice, and he (Mr.ADuffy) requested the Registrar-General to give him such employment as he ciuld. ? M'Call's removal was filled up b; the transfer of a clerk who could be dispensed with from the sheriff's office, and no further ap pointment was made to the sheriff's office. With regard to tho appointment of Air. Cashol Hoov, if the House gave him thoir attention he would demonstrate that the amendment was an unfair one. Tho theory of the Opposition was that Duffy made the poBt of secretary to tho Agent- Goneral in order to give it to Hoey. How would this correspond with tho fact3 ? It was generally acknowledged in London that Cashol Hoey was a suitable man for the position, oven before the vacancy occurred. It was well known to all hon. members that governors and ambas sadors wero in tho babitof sending privato letters to their respective Governments in addition to the official despatches, and they wero therefore compelled to havo a privato secretary, and it had also been the custom of Mr. Vordon, whilo hold ing tho position of Agent-General, to follow tho samo course and send to the Chief Secretary by each mail a private letter referring to most of the current topics of the day. As Air. Childera was at such a distance from this colony, it was a m&ttor; of impossibility to get his evidence on this paint in time to lay before tbe House, but Air. Verdon was on this continent, and as he was a man of honor and knew the political exigencies of tho case, he . (Mr. Duffvl would read a sentence from one of his private letters, as ho was sure such a permission would be granted to him if he had the opportu nity of asking for it. Before reading this extract, however, ho would remark that the resignation of Air. Verdon as Agent-General was known here at the ond of November, 1871. On the 29th of the next month the mail left for England, taking the appointment of Mr. Chiidcrs as Agent-General. The letter he was now going to read an extract from was written by Mr. Verdon in London, in January, 1272. This was what he said aftor ex pressing his conviction that Mr. Childera would be able to do the colony tho most service : — " Bat ho must have a secretary, and has Baid so much to mo. I have told bim how fitted Air. Cashel Hoey is for the post, and if he is authorised to appoint anybody he will appoint him." Air. Verdon was well aware that he had recom mended Mr. Cashel Hoey as a suitable member of the board of advice, but when he did so he had no idea that there was any likelihood of there being any change in tho agent-generalship, toge ther with the necessary changes in the office, any more than he had of what was to happen that day twelve months. When he wrote the letter autho- rising the appointment of a secretary, ho did so because he knew that there wore many duties Mr. Verdon had performed for which Air. Childers could not find the neceaaary timo owing to his political duties. : (Air. Francis : Was there no one in the office who could do the work 1) The hon. member hod stated that Air. Yardley should havo been appointed to tho vacancy. Thiswasnotpossiblo as tho duties pertaining to the office of secretary conld net be performed by a commercial clerk. Air. Childera would not find time, owing to his parliamentary duties and the small salary allowed to tho Agent- General, to do so much of the rou tine work as Air. Voruon had done. For instance, in 1371, the number of letters sent out from the Agent-General's office was over/ 11,000, and in 1870 the number was still greater. It was not to bo expected that Air. OhUders would be called upon to sign tho whole of these. There was plenty df the work that could be done by a gen tleman % recognised status in society. He wonld correspond with the Imperial Government, foreign Governments, and public institutions, transact the bank business, and see the necessary payments made on behalf of the colony, and other similar work, which conld not be done by a mere commercial clerk. He could not consult with engineers and ascer tain tho relative merits of the broad and narrow gauge of railways ; could not obtain the necessary information relative to the working of the draw- hack regulations or of the postal card system ; could not provide military stores and arms, pic tures, works of art, or bonks having colonial interest. Yet these were some of tho duties that would be performed by the secretary. To be useful he must be a man of intellect and action, and with professional and porsonal influence. He did not wish to speak disparagingly of Mr. Yardley, who waa no doubt a most efficient officer, but the position required a gentleman who would be able to meet tne highest classes on equal terms. He would reiterate his statement that the appointment of Air. Cashel Hoey to the post of secretary would not cost thocolony onepenny, as this year we were goiag to pay the Agent-General and his secretary a smaller sum than was last year paid for the Agent-General alone. This was because Mr. Childors'a pension would lapse during his tenure of office. The law was that the Agent- General and his board of advice should appoint what officers they considered necessary for carry ing on tho work of the department, such ap pointments to be subject to tho approval of tho Governor-in-Cnuncil. The appoint ment wa3 made by the Agent-General, and now awaited tbe confirmation of the Governor- in Couucil. It had been said why did not Air. Duffy boldly appoint Air. Hoey to the position ; I Tha answer was very quickly given. Because ha had not the power. The hon. member ftfr East Bourke (Air. Ramsay) had said that instead of increasing the Agent-General's staff they should have made reductions in it, owing to tho stoppage of emigration to tho colony. This had been dono, as last year only a vote for six months' salaries had been taken, and this year the item would not appear on the estimates at ali. (Hear, hear.) It had also been aoked why some colonist had not been appointed. He wonld remind the Houso that the appointment was only for so long as asaving was effected by the merging of Air. Chiidera's pension into the revenue. When Air. Childera ceased to bo Agont-Goneral the appointment of Mr. Hoey would lapse. It would havo been absurd to ask any gentleman in the colony to accept an appointment that might havo been at an ond before ho arrived in London. With regard to tho accusation that a momber of the , Assembly should havo bean appointed, lie t would call . attention to the Offi cials in Parliament Act, which prevented an hon. momber from accepting an office nntil ho had been six months out of Parliament. Tbo ap pointment could not wait as long as that. It had been farther alleged that AIr._ Cashel Hooy was an Irish rebel. This had arisen oat of a disingenuous statemont maflo by ono of tho morning papors quoting from a copy of tho Nation, published several years before Air. Hoey was connected with that paper. (He proceeded at some length to explain Air. Hoey's career and connection with tho Aoiitm.) He could not sco what objoction could bo taken to his writing a private letter recommending bim as secretary. Ho had recommended him to Sir James AI'Cullocli for tho same position, as ho had mado himself useful to tho colony in many re spects. Ho had also recommended him to Air. Childors. Ho could not mako the appointment himself, and therefore had done what was in his power to recommend him for it. And yet ho was asked why ho did not stato that lie had recommended Air. Hooy, and tho hon. member for Williamstown had said that ho had equivocated when he was asked. - That was a statement simply without foundation, for wbon ho was asked ho answered as directly as he could. The hon. momber for Collingwood said that it was only after two questions that it had been drawn out of him. That also was without foundation. Ho did not volunteer anything ; but he asked was it tho practice wbon an appoint ment was made by tho person empowered by law to make it, for another porson to volunteer any statement 1 It was quite time for bim to do so whon he was asked, and the moment ho was asked ho stated it. Tho appointment was mado by Air. Childers, under the board of advice. Whan he was asked he recommended Mr. Hooy ; hat ho know then practically that he woull ho ap pointed if he never recommended him, and know that tho intention existed to make the appoint ment. In dealing with this question the hon. member for Collingwood wanted to know — he could not properly express his indignation— why ho had not frankly stated that he made the recom mendation. Lot them compare the hon. mem ber's doctrine with his practice. In connection with tho appointmont of Mr. Dennis, did he not sit as dnmb as possible when it was stated that a number of hon. members had recommended Air. Dennis i Did he tell them that ho recom mended Air. Dennis, and whon ho men tioned tho subject , did / ho not, to use the hon. member's own words, tell only a part of tho truth? Ho said that he had signod a general recommondation for Air. Dennis's ap pointment to a Government position. That was before tbe document was read. What ho did sign was a doenmont setting forth that Mr. Dennis was " eminently fitted for tho appoint ment ho now asks — that of pier-master at Wil liamstown." Before tho hon. momber set him- jsoif up to lecture his compeers ho should take care that his practice was tho same as his doctrine. Ono more matter, and he was dono with this part of the case. _ When this notico of motion was given he felt it his duty to send to Sir George Vordon in Sydney tho following telegram: — "Tho Cashel Hooy appointmont is to bo resisted in tho Assembly on Tuos- day. . Can you . say / anything regarding it?" " The reply he got was: — "Alessage received. Mr. Childers said ho could not act without a secretary. Tho board approved of Mr. Hooy's appointment, but Baid ho could not remain a member of tho board. He is highly qualified for tho position." He had said ail he thought necessary on this subject, and ho put it to every member of that Houso whether thoy could disapprove of this appointment on this motion, when in point of fact it would have been mado if ho had been still. Air. FRANCIS : Tho appointment would not havo boon mado without the recommendation. (Chair, chair.) Air. DUFFY, having disposed of this, would pass to another qnestion, which he was glad the hon. member for Williamstown had pat with sufficient clearness to enable him to toll what did really take place. It was stated that ho had offered an appointment to tho hon. membor for North Gipps Land and a railway to Gipps Land in order to got a scat for his son. After ho had spokon in the previous debate, it was asked why ho had not made allusion to this ; but it was not ono of the chargos mado against him, and there fore ho did not reply to it. At tho close of the last session, tho hon. member for Gipps Land, Mr. F. L. Smyth, acquainted him with his desire to retire from Parliament, and to seek pro motion « in liis profession, instead of pursuing political care3. Woll, was not the hon. and learned member entitled to pro motion ? He had been elected chairman of com mittees of that House — a position which he re garded as mnch above tnat of a Crown prose cutor. If that had occurred in the House of Com mons, Mr. Gladstone could have made the appoint ment next morning to any office in his gift. But hero it was different owing to the action taken by tho hon. momber for St. Kilda, Air. Fellows, who never failod to throw contempt on that Parliament. Whon Air. Follows was in the Le gislative Council, ho moved an amendment in the Officials in Parliament Act, which mado it impossible to confer on any momber of Parlia ment any office until he had ceased to be a mem ber for six months, except one indeed — the hou. member aspired to be a judge— and that was that of a Supreme Court judge, who might be appointed off hand, although if there wero any position for which a man who had mixed up in politics was nnfit, it was that of a Supremo Court judge. Well, he answorod Mr. Smyth that the Officials in Parliament Act interposed, but that if he chose to resign, and there was at tho end of six months any patronage at his (Mr. Duffy's) disposal, he wonld give him the promotion ho desired. Was this an improper thing to say? If the hon. and learned member chose to take tho responsibility of going out of Parliament, and taking the risk of the same Government not being in office in six months, then, he said, it was positively un objectionable, especially as there was no office vacant atthe time. Subsequently Judge Alacebov died, and as he mado it a rale to keep promisos ho made to men, ho sent for Air. Smyth and informed him that it was proposed to appoint a Crown prosecutor to the bench, and having mado him a promise he would, if he felt inclined to resign, recommend .his colleague to give him the vacant Crown prosocutorsbip. Finally, Air. Smyth came to the concinsion not to accept that appointment, and there was an end of it, excepting that he (Air. Duffy) was mnch more pleased that Mr. Smyth remained in office. A month or six . weeks after ho was down at that retirement which seemed to be regarded with so much envy— he was (a recluse at |Sorrento — when, to his sur prise, Air. Smyth arrived there, and told him that he had altered his mind, and that it was his intention to resign, as be was tired of Parliament and would rather take the Crown prosecutorship. He (Mr. Daffy) told Air. Smyth that he wonld very much prefer that he should not resign, bat that as tne premise had been made, if he re mained of tho same opinion he would recommend him to his colleague. His eldest son, John Daffy, whom Air. Smyth had never seen before, and did not know, arrived the same evening, and he would declare on his honor and « conscience that the candidature of his son for South Gipps Land had never crossed his lips np to that night. John Duffy and Air. Smyth had travelled together to Queensciiff without knowing each other, they tookl the same boat from Queensciiff, bat, still not knowing each other, took, different convey ances on landing. Just after the vacancy for Alornington his son had told him of his desire to enter public life, and said that he was an old re sident iu Mornington, and believed that he would be elected if he (Air. Duffy) would give him his support. He replied at once that he had promised his support to Air. Evcrard, and the matter- ceased, but whon John Duffy heard of the new vacancy he suggested that he ought to go to Gipps Land. This was tho first time the matter wasjmentioned, and ho (Air. Duffy) asked Air. Smyth if he thought his son would be returned, and Mr. Smyth replied, " Well, no ; there are too many Methodists there." (Laughter,) Air. SAIYTH denied having made use of tho word "Alothodist." What he did say was that there wero too man; members of two denomina tions, the Wesieyana and Presbyterians, who wero opposed to the religion of Air. Duffy. Air. DUFFY thought that he could not put the expression in too compressed a shape. (Laughter.) Well, Air. Smyth returned to Alolbonrno, and his (Mr. Duffy's) son re turned with him. In consequence of being too late to catch the train they remained all day at Queensciiff, and it was from there that the first communication with Gipps Land was opened in order to see who would support John Duffy's candidature. After they had gone away he came to the conclusion that it was undesirable for various reasons that Air. Smyth should re sign, and in consequence of being detained a day on the road, Mr. Smyth on arrival in Alelbourne found a letter for him asking himnot to proceod un til he came to town. When he did ccme to town, it had been telegraphed from Sale that Air. Syintb was to resign, and that John Duffy was a candi date. This the newspapers commented on, and put the interpretation upon it that tho hon. member for Williamstown had. It was, how over, without foundation, for ho had never had a communication with Air. Smyth until the time he had mentioned, Aftor alluding to the appoiutment of Judge Dunne, land denying that they had ever been political allies in Ireland, but had been antagonists, ho asked the hon. momber for Mandurang if, when ho was in office, there was not some foundation for tho rumor that ho intended to appoint Air. Dunne to the judicial bench, and appoint Air. Holmos to a Crown nrosecutorshio. Mr. CASEY said there was no foundation for the rumor, although there was no ono lie would have greater pleasure in appointing than Air. Dnnne. Air. DUFFY continued to say that ho might leave tho appointment of tho pier-master and othor such complaints to Alinisters in whoso depart ments they wero. But in what position did thoy (the Alinistry) find themselves then ? They wore assailed by a voto of want of confidence for not making an appointmont that was recommended by the mover of the motion— (laughter); an ap- pointment which was recommended by six or seven members of tho Houso, including tbo hon. momber for Collingwood, who wero of courso not coming down to voto ' against them for doing tho identical thing they wanted thom to do. Tho only point that re mained was one which ho folt inclined to lcavo to his hon. friend tho Alinister of Lands, who know ns mnch abont it 03 ho did. Ho re ferred to tho Caiifornian mail contract. When their postal schomo as a wholo camo bofore tho Heuse ho bolioved that it was as capablo of suc cessful defenco as any scheme ever submitted to 1'arliament, but thoy had - not hoard , tho othor side. Ono word .. in conclusion a on tho position of tho Government with respect to tho country. Tho Government camo into office by no action of their own, but thoir acceptance of offico had hcon confirmod by tho almost universal assent of the peoplo of tho colony.? Down to tho presont day thoy had received a warm and gene rous support from tho people, as was witnessed by tho meetings nnd demonstrations.- Tho history of the Administration would not be stored up in pages of the volumes of Hansard filled with debates, but would bo found in a living and flourishing population. «" (Ironical choors.) He believed that tho peoplo wero eager to soo thoir policy carried out. It was reported of Oliver Cromwoll that < whon ho first saw tho vale of Munstor, he raid to his soldiers, "Oh, my friends, this is a country worth fighting for." Ho would say to tho people of this colony, " You havo got possession of political power almost for tho first timo ; you havo possession of tho country almost for the first timo : take care it is not snatched away, for ' this is a country worth fighting for.'" Ho did not think, ho nover thought, that tho Alinistry had undertaken an easy task, for ho had not read history to no purpose, and ho found that thoro was little in tne world worth doing or worth having which was not mado way for through boundless doubt nnd difficulties without turniug to tho right or loft, and with God's help they would not. (Cheers from tho Alinistorial benches. ) Air. LANGTON roso to spoak, but was met with cries of adjourn. Ho said ho had no wish to postpono his speech, but if, in dcforonce to tho wishes of hon. members — Mr. AIASON : Oh, youare afraid to go onnow. You wanted to last night. Air. LANGTON said that in deferonco to tho wishes of his friends he wonld now move the ad journment of tho debate. (Oh, oh, from tho Alinistorial benches.) Air. DUFFY said that as tho hon. momber would, no doubt, require timo to prepare his reply, he would not oppose tho adjournment. The Houso accordingly adjournod, at ten minutes to cloven, till half -past four next day. 