the elections. *w ? . . ? -t On Saturday night last a large meeting of the supporters of Mr. Parkes was held in the Masonic Hall, York- street. The chair was taken by Mr. Richard Driver and there were on the plait'orm. Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Samml, Mr. W. C. Brown, M.P.'s., Dr. Lang, and several other well known gentlemen. Our space precludes a full report; of. Mr. Parkes' speech on the occasion but we mvn that part relating to the (.omp.isifcion of the Ministry and the manner in which, it was ini tiated. At the close of bhe proceedings a vote of confidence in Mr. Park.«s waa moved by Dr. Lang, seconded by Mr. T H. Xeale an-* carried by acclamation. After referring to the vote of censure moved oa Che Marfcia Ministry and its result, Mr. Parkes said : — Well, after the resignation of the late Minis tei'3, and before notice of ray amendment was given, his Excellency the Administrator of the Government sent for a gentleman who ia vvell known to you all, to assist him iu forming ano ther Administration. This gentleman— I maan the member for lliawarra, Mr. Forster — is a gentleman whom we all ackuowle Ige to be a maa of ability — (hear, ht-ar) — he ia a gesblemau who has been a long time in public lite, unit has many friends as he deserves to have many. Tnis gen gentlemau was entruetai wifcti tho formation o£ a Ministry. Of the views he took of his duf,y ib would not become me to say aaytfuni*. Of the course he pursued in endeavouring to carry out his mission, I have notiiiug whatever fco do. But in justice to myself 1 have bo say that; dur ing the time that that gentleman was entrusted ? by his Excellency t - form aa A ! ministration, I took no step whatever that would in any way impede his course of action in the ask lie bad undertaken. I have several iutima.e frieuils to whom that gentleman applied. I Dbver said one word to any of th me gentlemen which would in any way iuflueaeu theca in the course they might take in their negotiations with Mr. Forster. I left them to ace euttrely upou their own judgment, without oue single word from me to prejudice them. (Cheers. j Ifi ia^very well knowa that it has beeu acknowledged by some gentlemen, and it ia a matter of notoriety, that there are some public man who had detertniued that, come what miuht, I at all events should be ostracised from public life. (A /oice: 'But you shall not.') And the sole condition with those gentlemen was that M . Parkes Bhould not be in office. Well, I don't cnuplam of that. If those gentlemen honestly believe, as I have a right to suppose they did, that it would be bbe best for the country to exclude me from ihe exercise of power, they had a perfect right to their opinions, and I make no complaint. (Cheers.) But ia spite of all their efforbs, in spite of all their iuflu euces — in epite ot ima iu&iigue;, if iutngue it was — by the sheer operation of tue Constitution under which we live, here a in I the first Minister of the country. (Applause.) Some persons — I will not say moved by envy, I will not attribute to them any improper motives — have often speculated as to what constituted the secret of my power, so far aa I possessed the support of my fellow countrymen. Ib is com prised in a very few words — because I always say to them what I mean, and piace implicit Must in their common sense. (Cheers.) Ib con sists in this — that I never seek the support of sections— (hear, hear) — but throw myself, far good or for evil, upon the common judgment of the whole community. (Cheers'.) Well, upon the failure of Mr. Forstt-r, his Excellency im mediately sent for myself. I am not going to- night to enter into any full explanation of the steps which I then took, because there are some things? which I think should be reserved for Parliament itself. When I waited upon his Ex cellency I told him in very few words that I thought I sbonM be able to bring together a number of gentlemen who would receive the support and confidence of Parliament and the country ; bufc, I added, that if 1 failed in secur ing the co-operation of the gentlemen whom I had in view, I should not consider myself justified in hawking the great offices of the Government about to other persons— (cheers)— that if I failed in peennng the cooperation of those gentlemen, I should feel ifc my duty to resign my task, and that I thought 1 should only require somo three or four days for tho con&ideration; and fulfilment of it. [An individual near, the doorway attempted to interrupt the proceed ings.] I am particularly anxiouB to be heard by the electors in making these explanations, there fore I hope that gentleman will either go outside and amuse himself, or listen to me. (Cheers.) I consulted almost immediately one gentleman of influence, a member of the Legislative Council. And that was the only gentleman I consulted, except the gentleman who accepted, office in the Administration of which I am at the head. After consulting with this gentle man, in whose character and judgment I had the most complete reliance, I considered it my duty to offer office to Mr. Forstei, and 1 took that step before consulting anyone else. I took no advice in this course j I consulted no person whatever. Bub within aa hour after re ceiving my own commission, I made an offer in courteous terms to that gentleman. That offer was declined. I then proceeded to consult the pentletnen who are now associated with me, and I consulted no other person. I am anxious to make this explanation, because the most absurd and wildest rumours have reached mo to the efteet that I was advised by some persons in my proceeding?. Now, I hold very strong opinions upon this subject, and I consider thatjany gentle man in the responsible position in which I was placed would be utterly unworthy of that posi tion if he allowed any person whatever outside tho political circle to advise him. (Cheers.) I asked advice from no person under the sun. This, gentlemen, ia a very wide expression,, and I repeat it — that I sought advino from no person under the sun except the gentleman to whom 1 have already alluded ; and I have to add that no person offered to give me advice. Therefore, ?what I have done 1 have done on my own judg ment, and T stand before you responsible for it, and 1 venture to ask you to stamp ib with your approval. (Applause.) I now come to the public character of the gentlemen who are asso ciated with me at tho present moment in govern ing, tho country. And in one respect I stand, in reference to this matter, in a position in which none of my predecessors have stood, for I have side by side with me my oldest political associ ates. I should like to know whether this could be said of other gentlemen who have occu pied the official position I now hold. I have broaght into this Government two or three gentlemen who were associated with me in the first political movements in which I engaged in this country. I will first allude to nay old friend — the present Treasurer — Mr. Piddingbon. (Cheers.) It is fully five and-twenty yeara since Mr. Piddington and 1 first worked side by side in endeavouring to serve thia country. And, although we have disagread on some occasions, we have generally, at a crisis, or when important principles were at stake, been acting on the same Bide through out the long period which has elapsed since that early date. And I feel deeply gratified that I can consistently and honourably associate with this old political friend now in the Government of this country. (Cheers.) I now come to the Attorney-General, Mr. Butler. (Applause.) I was his first friend in this colony, for when he . first arrived in this country — noAV many years ago— he came to me. I waa then at the head of a great newspaper establishment, and he came to mo as the first person he visited after his ar rival. (Cheers.) For two or three years — I j think more — we were associated night and day in the work of a great daily journal — (cheers) — and next to comrades on the battle-field, the position of comrades in the Press, perhaps, gives rise to the dearest and mo9t gratifying re collections — (hear, hear) — and from that period until now we have at all times been friends. [Mr. Saul Samuel here entered the hall, and ?was received with demonstrative applause.] Here again I have been enabled consistently and honourably to bring into the Government one of my^oldest political associates, and a gentleman whose opinions on electoral reform, land legislation, and on the leading questions of the day are identical with tny own (cheers) ; but he had heard (he thought, only from two or three persons) that there was an objection to thi3 gentleman because he worshipped in a dif ferent Church to mine. (Hoar, hear. ) If any man supposes that I would be a party to pro scribing men, who are in every other way fitted for office, because they are of a different faith, they are entirely mistaken. (Loud Cheers.) I am prepared — [At this point a disturbance oc curred near tho doorway, and cries of 'Put him out !' immediately arose]. There is a very aamsing incident connected with the objection taken to me on Mr. Butler's account which I shall detain you a moment to relate as a very apt illustration of the religious zeal of some people. Certain gentlemen objected to the new Ministry because Mr. Butler, a Roman Catholic, was au influential member of it, and they were determined on that account to oppose my -re-election ; and who do you thiuk they applied to to come forward as a candidate to oppose me ? Why, Mr. W. B. Dalley. (Cheers and laughter.) That ia rather an instructive illustration of the consistency and zeal of these gentlemen. They objected to me because 1 thought proper in the performance of m\ duty to ofier an important office to this influential member of the Roman Catholic body, and they sought to oppose and displace me from that representation by inviting an equally distin guished member of the Roman Catholic Church as their candidate. (Laughter.) Well, I have heard amongst the wild rumours put in circula tion that this thing between me and Mr. Butler had been arranged for some time past. We know how manufacturers of rumour hit upon any solitary fact, and then twist and tarn it to suit their own purposes until it is not to be known— (cheers)— and I sup. pose they knew that I and Mr. Butler were acquainted as private friendp, which we have been, as I told you, for nineteen years. Now I say to thia meeting, and through this meeting to all the . world, that I never . spoke to him on the matter of the Attorney- i Generalship until Friday week last when I : offered it to him. (Cheers.) No conversation ever passed between us in bhe slightest degree '. touching this great office, because I hold it aa . i one of the most foolish things in the world for a ! man in public life to talk of what he would do '^ in some position into which he never may be.: brought ; and until i offered him bhe appoint- j ment I never said a word to this gentleman until ?; Friday week, in the middle of the day, when I i called upon him and asked him to accept the office of Attorney- General. And in the case of this eminent member of the Bar, you ought to j know that Mr, Covvper offered the oihee of Attor- ? i ney- General to Mr. Butler, and Mr. Robertson'; subsequently offered the same office to him. On both occasions, however, he declined to accept it. I offered him the office for the third time, and I , am very thankful to say he was pleased to j accept it. With regard to Mr. Piddingtoo, j who fills the office of Treasurer, when Sir James ; Martin formed his late Government Mr. Pid- [ dington was the first person to whom he offered ? the Treasurership, but he declined it ; and when Mr. Forster waa carrying out his negotiations, ! he some three weeks ago offered the Treasurer- j ship again to Mr. Piddington, so that both the At- ! torney-General and the Treasurer are gentlemen whose claims to qualification for these great \ offices had been recognised by two succeeding formers of Administrations. (Hear, hear.) 1 have considered it my duty to invite the co operation of my hon. colleague, Mr. Samuel. ; (Applause.) I asked Mr. Samuel to accept a : position of distinction in the Administration | without office, and without emolument ; and that gentleman for public considerations alone, at once agreed to form one of the new Adminis tration without salary, and without any emolu ment whatever ?. (Cheers.) There waa another gentleman, a member of the Assembly, with whom I have been long acquainted in political life, who, before his entrance into Parliament, : had been a warm and consistent supporter of i mine — your well-known honest friend, John Sutherland. For nearly twenty years I have . received that gentleman's disintereatsd support ; iu nearly all the more important events of my j political life ; I might say all the events of my 1 political life with one single exception. That gentleman had already filled the important office of Minister for Works, and as I have reason to believe, filled it with great satisfaction to the country. (Cheers.) I thought it was due to him, and that it would meet with your approval, if I offered that important department to him, and I am pleased to say tbat Mr. Sutherland, without any hesitation whatever, accepted the office. (Applause.) There was another gentle man, a member of the Assembly, who had been ! associated with me for seventeen or eighteen years, and who on all occasions had supported '?, me, and on nearly all occasions had voted on the , same side of the House — I mean Mr. Farnell — (applause) — and I offered the Department of Lands to that gentleman ; and he, too, 1 am very glad to say, at once accepted office. Here, again, Mr. Faruell had been offered the same office on previous occasions, and had declined it, so that my choice, at all events, has the en dorsement of a' former Administration who took the same view of Mr. Famell's qualification for the office. The other gentlemen, as you are aware, who are associated with me, Mr. G. A. Lloyd, whom I have known for many years — (applause)' — and who, though new to Parliament. has taken a very decided and liberal course since taking his seat in the House, and whose abilities and public character are well known to you ; and I secure the services of a gentleman standing very high at the Bar — a gentleman of very great ability, undoubted talent, education, and personal character. 1 mean, Mr. Innes, the Solicitor General. (Applause.) I have se cured, without refusal in any quarter, so far as these gentlemen are concerned, the co- operation of the gentlemen whose names I have mentioned ; and I venture to think, if you will calmly and dispassionately consider the inconsistencies in political hie, that you will say with me that there is as much political agreement in this Ad ministration as we can hope to obtain in this country. On aty the main questions which are likely to come up for consideration in the go vernment of the country we are entirely agreed — (a voice : ' How about Lloyd') — and 1 think we shall be able, with the full consciousness of the seriousness of our task, to render some ser vice in the country to which we owe so much. (Applause.) Now you will I ain sure see at once that, if ever a man came fairly and consti tutionally into office, I have come fairly and constitutionally into my present position. The Nomination. At noon, on Monday, a meeting of electors was held at the hu&tiugs;, Hyde Park, for the purpose of nominating a member to occupy the seat in the East Sydney electorate, vacant by the acceptance of office of Mr. Henry Parkes. About two thousand persons were present. Mr. Archibald Thompson (bhe Returning Of ficer) began the proceedings by reading the usual writ. Mr. Henry Parkes was nominated by Mr. G. King, and the nomination was seconded by Mr. B. Rhodes, as a fit and proper person to represent the constituency of East Sydney. Mr. Jame3 Jones was proposed by Mr. J. Begg and seconded by Mr. J. P. Palser. : The Hon. Henry Parkes, who waa greeted with cheers, said (in allusion to the charges brought against him by the proposer and seconder of the Opposition candidate), he felt much obliged to the mover and seconder of the other candidate, inasmuch aa they had not accused him of being an accomplice in the Parra matta River murders. They had said nothing new. Everything that could be said of him had already been said, short of some such crime as he had alluded to. He waa thankful that in this contest, if contest it was to be, that be had such gentlemen as the mover and seconder against him. (Laughter.) But if those persona who were behind the scenes, who were using the other candidate simply aa a cat's, paw, really de sired to oppose him, why did not Mr. Robertson resign hia seat and meet him (Mr. Parkes) in the present contest? That gentleman had threatened to take that course often. Why did he nob do it now, if there was any such great principle involved in hia reflection, aa the gentleman who had nomi nated the other candidate had told the electors there was ? Well, Mr. Robertson was not here, and it was well known man after man had been waited upon — ('No') —and no man of any pub He position offered to come forward to oppose his (Mr. Parkea's) re-election. Well, now, he wouia come at once vo cue position in wmca no stood before the electors to day. Three months ago they, the electors of East Sydney, returned him by the largeab number of votes recorded throughout the country. (Cheers.) What had he done since then which was not strictly in ac cordance with the principles which he announced when they pronounced upon him that magnifi cent verdict. Was there a single act of his which they could point to — which his bitterest enemy could point to. — which was then inconsis tent with what he then told them he would do ? He told them he would oppose the Ministry then in power. They elected him to do it. Had ho not done it? And in contributing his mite towards displacing those gentlemen, had he not readered great public service ? (Cheers.) Well, those gentlemen went out of office, and another gentleman was entrusted with the for mation of another Administration. That gen tleman had nine days for hia work. [A voice : You opposed him.] He did nob oppose him in any way whatever. He never in private said one single word to induce any friend of his (Mr. Parkes) from joining that gentleman. (Hear, hear.) He left him to take bia course, and he left his own friends to take their course. But that gentleman relinquished the task, and by the sheer operation of the principles of the Constitu tion under which we lived hia Excellency sent for him. (Cheers.) He ia noway thrust him self upon the course which had led him to hia present high position. He had arrived at this high and distinguished position by the fair and legitimate working of the Constitution. And they might rest assured he would do his utmost to fulfil the duties that were required of him. (Cheers.) Well, what did he do ? He did not take the coarse which other persona had taken, he did not resort to any improper course in endeavouring to form an Administration ; but he sought the co- operation of some of the ablest, some of the most honourable, some of the most trusted of public men in the country ; and he had succeeded in obtaining their co-operation fairly, legitimately, and honourably, without in any single case offering one of the great offices of j the Government to a second party. Being in that position, however unworthy he might bo as the head of an Administration, it became Mb duty to offer himself to his constituents, so that they, j with all the facts of the case before them, and j performing their duty in the light of the Con- j stitution, might pronounce upon him either j their approval or disapproval. One thing he might tell them for the encouragement of those ; gentlemen who were opposing him. (Hear, j hear. ) If they could succeed in defeating him ! on Wednesday next, he would tho next day tender his resignation to hia Excellency. So that if they wished to displace him from power, all they had to do was to have a loDg pull, a | strong pull, and a pull altogether. And let all j who were opposed to him unite and do their ut- I mo3t : and if they could succeed at the poll on \ Wednesday, they should succeed altogether, j A.nd whatever those gentlemen who were op- i posed to him in this contest might say, and j whatever his worst opponent might say, he ventured to predict that whenever he retired | From office, be it soon or be it late, no person would be able to show that he had done a single act in office for his own aggrandisement. And he again challenged, as he had often challenged, the whole community to point to a single act of his in his public capacity where he sought to abuse the powers en trusted to him for his own individual benefit. And he promised them that no member of his family should have a situation nuder Govern ment. He promised that he would exercise power ia no way whatever to benefit any person in any way connected with him. Passing from that general course of administration which he should feel bound to take, he now came to ono or two leading questions of the day. If he remained ia office sufficiently long he should certainly not shrink from dealing with the largest of all our public questions, the alienation of and settlement of the people upon the lands of the country. In dealing with that question, if it should be his good fortune to get to it, he should bo guided by these general principles. He should endeavour to settle the country in every instance upon a freehold basis, bo that the small agricultural settlers of the country should have the fee-simple of their homesteads in their banrls ; that there should be, in other words, no deferred payments or obligations of any kind hanging over their heads. That class of our colonists who enter upon our wild lands, and by means of labour (the most pre cious of all the elements of civilisation) convert the wi'd territory into a produc tive region, were the most valuable, and ought to be the moat respected, class in the community The man who made two ears of corn grow where only one previously grew had always been re garded 33 a benefactor ; but the man who made one ear of corn grow where nothing grew be fore waa in an essential degree a benefactor to a young country like this. In any legislation which he mighb have the good fortnne to in troduce on this subject he should endeavour to grasp the principle which had worked s© exceed iugly well ia Canada and other parts oi North America — he meant that tho ireehold homestead of the agricultural settler should not be capable of being seized or taken for any debt, or for any cause whatever, for the term of thirty yeara. Of course, the storekeepers and everybody else would know the law. Ib was a wise law, and had worked ia the most beneficial manner ia other parts of the world — that those struggling men wno naa iormea nomes should be secured against the re^ersea of fortune, against aU chances, againsb all schemes oi cupidity, againafc their own folly and will, that they should be secured ia those homes for at least a generation. Before he passed from this question, in the gene ral observations which he had to make, he wished to observe that he should be as sarupu* lous as any man in regarding the just rights of that large and important class of our fellow colonists, the pastoral tenants. He wished to do no injury to the pastoral tenants whatever. And he should be prepared, to the best of hia ability, to secure for them every advantage for the proper prosecution of their calling— short of any attempt to invade the privileges of the reBfc of the community. As to bhe question which had been before the country and which had caused a great deal of discussion, and which con* tributed mainly to the reversal of the opin ion of the electoral bodies in the late general election — and the question which, if he under stood the present position rightly, was the only real question in controversy in this election— he meant the question of collecting the Bordep duties on the River Murray — as to that Ques tion he should nob for a moment shrink from stating hia views, and stating explicitly what would be bhe course of the Government of which he was a member. For ten years past, on all occasions since the question was mooted, he had been opposed to the collection of the Bor der duties. (Cheers, and a few countei cheers.) As far back as 1864 he delivered his views ott the subject in the Legislative Assembly, and on all occasions,, at intervals, since then he had re peated the same opinions. Those were big opinions now. (Avoice : What about Gavan Duffy ?) Some person a&ked; him ' What! about Gavan Duffy ?' Just for a moment he would digress from the general coarse of his; observations and deal with that impertinent in» terruption. Of. all the charlatanism, of all the unfair, disingenuous, mean, and contemptible methods that he ever saw public men resort to, the worst and bhe graveRb had been resorted to by men who ought to have taken a very differ ent stand in this country in reference to that gentleman, because he happened to be Chief; Secretary of Victoria. (Cheers.) What in tho world had Gavan Duffy to do with this ques tion? How in bhe world would this question in any way affect that statesman ? Why those persons only showed their utter ignorance of the whole question — (cheerB) — when they treated ife in this flippant, thia idiotic manner. (Laughter and cheers. ) Why the question of collecting tho duties did not in reality concern the people o£ Victoria. Their trade was so trifling, that the collection of the Border duties did not concern the Victorian people at all. Bat ib did concern our own people. It was the people of New South Wales who were interested in thia ques tion, and noc the people of Victoria, in any appreciable degree. (Cheers.) He could show them that at once. Nearly the whole of the trade across or by way of the River Murray came into this country, and the persons who felt the annoyance, who felt the meddlesome interference of the Cusfcom- honse officers were our own colonists, noc the colonists of Victoria. And he felt persuaded that so far as the people of Victoria were concerned, they would prefer having the duties collected. Now with regard to Mr. Gavan Duffy. What possible interest could that gentleman personally have in this ques tion? Everybody knew that Mr. Duffy, aa the Chief Minister of Victoria, met the delegates of this colony in a fair and reasonable spirit. (Cries of 'No no,' and cheers.) That could not be denied. It was proved by the documenta now on the table of the Legislative Assembly. What Mr. Duffy really said was this: 'You prove . what you are entitled to, and whatever that; sum may be, the Government of Victoria will pay ifc to you.' And what could possibly be fairer as the basis of a safe and satisfactory agreement: than that ? Bub it suited a certain class of per sona who were deficient in argument, who felt that their cause would not bear the test of rea son, to endeavour to create a prejudice, simply because the office of Chief Secretary of Vic toria was filled for the moment by Mr, Gavan Duffy. Well, he did not hesitate to say that in his judgment Mr. Gavan Dutfy was one of the ablest, one of the most ac complished, one of the purest public men in Australia. (Cheers, and cries of 'Oh, oh.') He believed that that gentleman's character was above reproach. And he knew that Mr. Duffy stood high in the estimation of some of the besc men living on the face of the earth. But what had he (Mr. Parkes) to do with all that? As a Minister of thia country he should not shrink from Mr. Gavan Duffy. (Hear, hear.) And in treating thia important question his first duty would undoubtedly be to secure the rights and the interests of this country of ours. But if he could secure the rights and interests of this country without inilicbina hardship upon thirty or forty thousand of our own people, they might depend upon it that, as ib was hi» duty, he should do ib. And he believed suac our revenue might be secured, that we might obtain every shilling to which we were entitled, byau arrangement which would relieve our Border settlers from annoyance and later* e by having Custom-house officers at their Aotb and which, without compromising the mem if g of the Government, would be satisfactory *er ery faj[r and rightminded man. So far as he uld he should do his utmost to bring about that C° uit. But if it could not be done without sacri ficing 'those interests, depend upon it he skould ever sacrifice those iaterestB. He scarcely thought he ehould detain them much longer. ?There were several questions of great importance nnon which it might be necessary for him to say a few words— amoDgst others, the question to which he alluded on Saturday night— he meant the conduct of the Government in relation to the rsons employed in the various departments of the Government. On that question the course which he, as a member of the Government would take— and be had no doubt that the Govern ment as a whole, would take the same course — a tbi8 : he should endeavour to give to the nersons in the employment of the Government, whether mechanics or laborers, .the highest rates of wages that were given by private firms. (Cheers.) The Government would not give inore, nor would they give lees. But they would endeavour to hold an even scale ol iustece between those persons who were em ployers and the persons who were employed by tb.f Government. The new Government did not enter upon office at a time free from perplexities and free from difficulties. Much, confusion had resulted from the proceedings of past years — especially from the proceedings of the last eight or sine months. Many question*, in his judg-' meat, had become seriously complicated ; false principles of legislation had taken root and would have tq be -eradicated by prompt mea sures. But the course of the Government throughout all this complication and; confusion was clear. They had only to pursue the broad path of duty, to fear no adverse influence, and yield to no improper temptation ; but looking steadily to the acts of to morrow and the day after, and to the time when they must all come before the electors of the country. And whilst they used their utmost abilities for the further ance of what they believed to be right, and cherishing, as he felt they would have a right to do, a belief that the people would be generous to the mere faults of judgment — whilst pursuing that course, turning neither to the right nor to; the left, and keeping before them as their great object the public welfare — they would be safe. Even if they had not the requi site ability to make a successful Government, they would be safe, and when they returned their trust to the people, the people would not refuse to give them their approval if they went before them with clean hands. He knew that, as he stood in the presence of the God who made him, he had only one single purpose in taking office, and if it should be his good fortune to leave office with a higher name, and a larger trust reposed in him by the unbiassed people of the country, he should have his full award. He only sought, with the best of his ability, and with what little experience he had, to work for the best interests of the country, with whom he now left the verdict of the day. (Applause.) Mr. James Jones, who was received with applause, said that he appeared before the electors nnder great disadvantages. {A voice: 'To ?wade up to your neck in blood.' Laughter.) Some of the electors inigbt think it temerity on his part to appear in u contest against a man of the unquestionable ability of Mr. Henry Parkes. (Hear, hear.) If it were a question of ability, which was undoubted as far as Mr. Parkes was concerned, he (Mr. Jones) should not have appeared that day to contest the election. Mr. Parkes's long political experience and lon^, prac tice as a Bpeaker placed that gentleman far beyond him— (hear, hear) — 88 no doubt they would see that day. (Uproar.) But it was not a question of the ability of Mr. Parkes, but of his moral fitness to hold the position of the Premiership of this country. (Hear, hear.) Ihat be (Mr. Jones) held to be the question in that election. (A voice : 'They are making a fool of you.') He was confident that a large number of these gentlemen— (uproar)— who were indulging themselves in a little by-play would record their votes for him (Mr. Jones). He believed they would not call it temerity on his part when it came to a question of moral fitness. (Dietur toance.) There was a large body of dissent in this community touching the political action of Mr. Parkes during the last three years and BiDce his election at the last general election. ('Come, wake up!') That dissent was enter tained— 'speak up' — by the Protestants and Roinan Catholics of this country alike— (cries of 'no,' 'that will do,' uproar and hooting)— from the slanders and calumniations which Mr. Parkea, in office and out of office, heaped upon that section of the community. [A voice : 'We want no religion.'] He Baid that dissent was entertained by the Pro testae ts of the coun try— ('That won't wash')— from the tergiversa tion which that gentleman had exhibited since fe election. (Uproar.) He was confident, if % asked the '* Btill small voice' within them -for they would have heard of the union be toeen Mr. Parkes and Mr. Butler— (hooting and uproar)— which was anything but wbatit should, be — they would dissent from it. (Disturbance.) Tt was a spectacle which W been seen, he believed — (uproar) — but which neither Protestants nor Eoman Catholics could morally believe in any more than we ever did in the celebrated— (disturb- Mnel— story of the Kiama ghost— (hooting)— the hallucination of Mr. Parkes's brain. (Hoot 1 ^. ) If the Roman Catholic body— (hooting)— f-rgt when they were insulted, when they were trampled upon, he, as a liberal Protestant, _ did nnt forget it, and protested against ib. (Hooting.) He asked them what confidence they could have Jn the sincerity of tbe union of Mr. Parkes with Mr. Butle-. (Uproar.) Was there ever a more grim sppctacle ('You ought to be ashamed ef yonrpeH'). Now, he might say, with regard to hi* political opinions, that 1 am generally in ac corrl with Mr. Parkes. (Laughter, and a voice 'Why do you oppose him, then?') That gentleman's opinions upon politieal questions, he might say he waB generally in accord with. That. he thought was sufficient. (Laughter.) He had entertained similar views to Mr. Parkes for some years past. He begged to thank them for their patient hearing — (Oh ! oh ! and laughter)— and looked with confidence to the re sult on Wednesday, to prove tbe justice and propriety of the course he had taken. (Uproar. ) After the show of hands, a poll was de manded. -'' 