THE PAINTER AND THE GHOST. A Legend of Sydney. 0, "who can tell of the dark deeds done When the blithesome day its coarse lias run ? Ah, who can tell of the lives of those Whose doings the daylight doth seldom disclose — Who live in a manner quite " under the rose" ? Not they who live in palaces proud, Away from the lurking, houseless crowd ; Not those— the dwellers in pomp and wealth — Can know how they live who live by stealth , And find it hard to keep in good health ! And little some care How the poor ones fare, Who cannot afford to " act on the square." The legend we tell of occurred in times When deeds were dark, and maDy the crimes Of those whom "punishment" seldom sublimes ! 'Twas night ; and high In the northern sky The young moon stood ; while the west wind's sigh Made the air chilly and sharp, and dry — When a painter, with paint-pots, excursion made To an old graveyard, to practice his trade. The graveyard, off George-street south then lay — And there it stands, at the present day, Cold and silent, dreary and dark, And this was the scene of our story. Mark : What does it matter, in home of the dead, Sitting or kneeling, painting a fence, Whether he painted in black, white, or red? He merely was working to save expense. And, as he rubbed over a paling or post, His thoughts, perhaps, to the lost one strayed, Who lay beneath ! Nor dreamt he of ghost — Not even " Kiama's" — Nor felt he afraid ! The moon stood high In the northern sky ; The graveyard was silent ; no creature was nigh — Not even a mouse came out on the sly : And mice in old" graveyards are not very shy, — Nor care they, sometimes, if people are by, If their cupboard be bare, and they need a supply ! And the painter he filled up each crevice and crack He saw in the fence ; but, whether 'twas black Or white the paint which he used, or red, There's a doubt, — but he painted the fence round one dead ! The moon shone bright ; Few clouds were in sight ; It was what you'd consider a beautiful night ! But the shades of the trees, As they shook in the breeze, If timid, would make a man not quite at ease ; And sometimes a cloud The moon would enshroud ; But, to finish his task, the painter had vow'd ! Hark ! what wa3 that ? Was it biped or cat Which made that slight rustle ; or was it a rat That startled the ear of the painter, who sat And listened, and scarcely knew what to be at ? The painter he trembled ; his hair 'gan to stand, For the noise it appeared to be close to his hand ! The sound was hollow, like as when the wind Whistles round a long- deserted ruin ; And it appeared unto the painter's mind, As if some horrid mischief were a brewin' ; Some soul unquiet — which the world, unkind, Had worried and annoyed to its undoing — Which longed of secrets to relieve its breast (If breast it had), and then retire to rest ! But, if a ghost, what brought it out at night ? Why not come in sunshine of broad day (A time less likely mortals to affright), And then say boldly what it had to say ? But yet, without its clothes, 'twould he a sight Some very strange impressions might convey ! Why don't ghosts tell their troubles to police, Who're paid by Government to keep the peace ? The painter shivered, the painter shook ; And resolved at last around to look — When, close at his side, A vault stood, wide Open — which, ere this, he had not espied ; And from its dark recess a figure did glide, Dressed all in white — A terrible sight — Twelve feet at least it measured in height ; Or so it appeared to him in his fright 1 And ugly enough Old Nick to appal ! And the painter, though stiff, he Was off in a jiffey, Over the wall, Paint-pots and all ! The sun was high In the eastern sky ; And the artist once more to the graveyard did hie — Resolved to discover the secret, or die, — As, in daylight, men know that no ghost e'er comes nigh ! In manner quite brave, He looked in the grave To learn its contents, for his mind it misgave — And saw, in the lair, Things costly and rare, Without any doubt as to how they came there ; And of wretches (both sexes) an ill-looking pair 1 The one of sex weaker Vouchsafed to be speaker ; She said, " Lasht noight, misther — Faix, tis no twisther Me ould man and me A dhreadful ghosht see, About twinty feet high ! Troth 'tis no lie ! An' he lepp'd more than twinty yards up in the shky ; An' over the wall, like a bird, he did fly " ! "If he didn't," the other said, " Vish I ma tie ! And frightened to death this old voman and I ! A part of the svag Ve 'ad in a bag : Yer looks like a gent, sir ; ve 'opes yer von't mag — Cos if you vos to blow, sir, you'd both on us lag " / The moon shines high In the northern sky ; And the wind at night makes a mournful sigh ; And the air is cold and dewy — not dry ! And years, since then, have passed and gone ; And the graveyard stands there, silent and lone ; But whether the vault is open still, Holding, or waiting for, things of ill, All those can learn who are anxious most, — But here ends the legend of Painter and Ghost ! A 