KANDWICK RACE MEETING First Day. [associated press telegrams. J I Sydney 1st April. The Randwick meeting commenced to-day, the weather was beauti fully fine, and there was a large attendance on the course, his Kxcel lency the Acting- Governor being amongst those present. Trial Stakes. — One and a quarter miles. Kingstone, 2 yrs, 1 ; Am bassador. 3 yrs, 2 ; The Peer, 4 vrs, 3. Won easily by Kiusrstone. having the race all the way. Cumberland Stakes. — One and a quarter miles. Tim Whiffier, aged} 1; Warrior, aged, 2; Florence, 4 yrs, 3. Tim won as he liked. St. Leger Stakes. — One mile and three-quarters. Hamlet 1 ; Javelin 2; The Prophet 3. Hamlet led from the start, followed by Javelin and l'rophet. Dagworth had the lead at Cutts's stand, but at the last turn all were together. It was a splendid finish, Hamlet only winning by half a length. Time, 3 inin, 20 sec. Autumn Stakes. — One and three quarter miles. Prodigal, aged, 1 ; The Quack, 5 yrs, 2 ; Grand Master, 4 yrs, 3. Quack took the lead at the start, but Index soon went to the front, and maintained that posi tion in passing the stand, but at the back of the course Quack regained the lead, only giving way to Prodi gal at the trainers' stand, from which point Mr Lamond's horse maintained the lead to the finish, winning easily in 3 min. 1 8 sec. Doncaster Handicap. — One mile. Vixen, 3 yrs. 1 ; Illuminati n. 4 yrs, 2, Ten horses started for this race. Grand Master, Johnny Smoker, New Warrior colt, Paradise, being scratched. J. L. assumed the lead at starting, and maintained it to the bend, when Illumination went to the front, but Vixen came up at the finish, and passed Mr Town's filly j within the distance post, and won i by a length. Time, 1 min. 4o sec. Champagne Stakes. -Five furlongs Lecturer 1 ; Blue Devils 2 ; Loup Garou 3. Time, 1 min. 5 4-10 sec. Second Day. Sydne/, 4th April. On the second day of the meeting, the weather being beautifully fine, there was a large attendance on the course. F ly ing Handicap. — Three-quar- ters of a mile Index, 5 yrs, 7st 2 lb, 1 ; Adventuress, 4 yrs, 7 st, 2; Aveline, 3 yrs, 7 st 2 lb, 3. Latest betting : 2 to I on the field. There was a good start. Vixen cut out the running, and Kept in front of the hill, when Aveline went up, and led as far as the bend m the course. Index then moved up, challenged the leading horses, and won easily with Adventuress second. Time, I min. 17 6-10fhs sec. Maiden Plate. — One and three quarter miles. — Priam, 3 yrs, 7 st 10 lb (n lb penalty) 1 ; Dagworth, 3 yrs, 7 st 10 lb, 2 ; Emery, 2 yrs, 4 st 1 3 lb, 3. Latest betting : 5 to 1 against Dagworth, 5 to 4 against Priam. Wynstay, Nemo, Kerr, and Teddington were scratched, leaving only four in. The Emery colt was the first to get away, and maintained the lead to the straight running, when Priam came to the fore, but at the seven furlongs post the Kmery colt again was at the front, but once more was compelled to give way to Priam, and also to Dagworth. The finish was a glorious one, and the race won on the post by a necK. Time, 3 min. 19 sec. Australian Joe Key Club (Sires') Produce StaKes. — Seven furlongs. Lecturer 1 ; The Secret 2 ; Ludia 3 Latest betting : o to 4 against Blue Peter and Lecturer, 4 to 1 Secret, 5 to 1 Loup Garou. Secret tooK the lead, followed by Lecturer, but along the bacK of the course the latter was in front, with Abbot second and Secret third. At the last turn Secret tooK second place, Westminster fourth. Time, 1 min. 34 sec. Sydney Gold Cup.— -Two miles. The Prophet, 3 yrs, 6st 101b, 1 ; Hamlet, 3 -yrs, 7st 31b, 2 ; Barbelle, 6 yrs, 7st 121b, 3. Latest betting : 4 to 1 Tim Wliiffler, 5 to 1 each Barbelle and Hamlet, fOO to 8 Quack. A very fair start was ef fected, Prophet being in front, fol lowed closely by Warrior and Tim. At the bend of the course Florence had come up second, but Prophet ( still held the pride of place. At the turn the position of affairs remained unaltered, except that Hamlet had | dropped into the third place. At the back of the course Prophet was still leading, with Hamlet, Tim, Mabel, Illumination, and Duke as his closest companions. After a splendid race all through, Prophet, who had never been deprived of the lead, won, wish Hamlet, second, Barbelle third ; Tim Wliiffler, War rior, Duke, Quack, Count, Bylong, and Sir William in the order named, the rest pulling up. Time, 3 min. 3H 4-i0th sec. Waverley StaKes. — One and a quarter mile. The QuacK, 5 yrs, 9st 4lb, 1 ; New Warior — Emery colt, 2 yrs, 5st 131b, 2; Ambassador, 3 yrs, 8st (5lb penalty), 3. The race was won with comparative ease. Time, 2 min. 22 sec: Third Day. Sydney, 5th April. T-1 ? j 1 ? i i ue weatuer was again Deautituiiy fine, but the attendance on the course was very small. All-Aged StaKes. — One mile. Flo rence, Tim Wliiffler. Javelin, and Hamlet were the only starters. Betting : -5 to 4 Hamlet, 2 to 1 Javelin, 5 to 1 Florence. Hamlet, 3 yrs, 1 ; Tim Whiffler, aged, 2 ; Javelin, 3 3'rs, 3 ; Florence 4 yrs, 0. Javelin tooK the lead, followed by Florence and Tim, with Hamlet last. Florence then went to the front, with Hamlet in the second place, but at the bend the favourite got ahead and won by two lengths, Tim beating Javelin for second place. Time, 1 min 45 sec. Free Handicap. — One mile and a quarter. Adventuress, 4 yrs, 1 ; Il lumination, 4 3^rs, 2 ; Count, 4 yrs, 3. Sir William was scratched The Count made the running to Cutts' stand, followed bv Illumination and Adventuress. At the bend the grey filly went to the front, challenged the leading horses, and won easily. A close race ensued for second place. Time, 2 min lt- see. Prince of Wales StaKes. — One mile and three- quarters. Vauban, 4 yrs (.£50), 7st olb, 1 ; Wrangler, 4 yrs (£40), 6st 91b, 2 ; Dingo, aged, ( t40), 7st 4lb, 3. Flying ScuJ and Bennylong were scratched, which left only a field of three. Dingo led as far as Cutts' stand, and then gave place to Vauban, who won easily by a length, Dingo coming in a bad third. Time, 3 min 23 6-10th sec. City Handican. — One mile and thref furlongs The QuacK, 5 yrs, 7st db, 1 ; Tbe Duke, 6 vrs, Sst 41b, 2; Prodigal; aged, 6st 12lb., 3. Grandmaster, Titunia, N ew Warrior, Illumination, Paradise, Warrior, and Hamlet, were scratched, leaving only nine in. The race was won with ease in 2 min 43 1 sec. The protest in the Waverley StaKes yesterday was decided in favour of the QuacK. Baptism in a RiveiI. — During a tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, the following incident occurred. We quote from the Goul burn Herald : — 'In the afternoon at three p.m., a remarkable spec tacle was witnessed in the im mediate neighbourhood of Com era ng The bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sac rament of baptism to two adults, a brother and sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subjects of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satis fied the}7' were qualified candidates, the bishop consented to respect their scruples and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the ' public baptism of such as are of riper years ' was read by Mr. Love and the bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the bishop pronounced the words, ' I baptise thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' they completely immersed him in the water Having raised him, and 11 received him into the congregation of Christ's flock,'' they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely- in the water in* accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the ser vice for adult baptism — u and then shall dip him in the water, or,' &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity ot the occurrence left j a deep impression, and the baptised persons were much affected.' A Golden Opportunity. — - A young English traveller contracted, in Valencia a love affair with a pretty gipsy girl. The mother wished that he should marry her at once; but the Englishman declared that he was not rich enough to keep a wife. What! said the gipsy, laughing, not rich enough m the land of guineas ? With so renowned a thief as my daughter, you will m a year be a millionaire. 