JAPAN. The Jf Dan mail briDgs news from Yokohama to April 9, but there are few matters of material interest except what seems to have been a ground lessreportofan intended attack upon the Mikado, and the more serious reality to winch we have before referred—the partial destruction, by fire of the City of Yedo. The following is the official report of the supposed attempt upon the Sovereign's life, es published in the Government Gazti'e of March 26: —"At 4 o'clock this morning 10 persons dressed in white garments, carryiig long staves, and bearing the appearance of Yamabushi came to the Otegomon (front gate of the Mikado's palace). The guard stopped them, and asked what they wanted, on which they stated that they wished to lay a complaint directly before the Government, and tried to force their way in. Upon this they were conducted within the square gate, and promised that if they had any further petition to make it should be communicated to the proper authorities; but they refined to listen, and at last drawing swords advanced to attack the guard. In consequence they were arrested, and those who violently resisted were shot down." A list of the men follows, from which it appears that four were killed on the spot, one was severely woimded, and five were made prisoners. The report of the great fire occupies several columns. We subjoin extracts:—"Such fires as that which took place in Yedo on Wednes day, April 3, have been rare in the extreme. Eighteen years since Yedo fell a victim to the fiames; but never since then has there been any fire which could be compared to that tragic event. It is indeed impossible for any one who has not seen the devastation and desolation which has taken place to believe that the capital has been really visited with such a dire and wide-spread calamity. When we think of two square miles of a crowded city laid to waste, 29,000 persons rendered homeless; 10,000 houses hurnt, and from 250 to 350 persons killed, the mind fails to comprehend the state to which the city has been reduced. In travelling from Yokohama to Yedo by road, it was soon apparent that something unusual had happened. Jin-riki-sha by the hundred—we had almost said thousand—were on Thursday morning to be seen coming to Yokohama from Yedo. each person carrying with bim some small article of house hold use which had been fortunately saved from the fiames. Their faces, too, told a tale of suffering. Sad, dejected, and dis heartened, they seemed to be only desirous of placing a few miles between their old homes and their temporary abodes. The fire, from all that can be learnt, broke out at 3.15 p.m. on Wednesday in an Aidzu Yashiki. within the second moat of the Castle. A gale was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Suddenly the fire jumped as it were the two moats, the intervening roads, and a whole block of houses, and then struck a Japanese house, and with almost the speed 'of lightning rushed onward towards the Tokaido. Meanwhile the fire also worked in the other direction against the wind, and burned up the block of houses which had before escaped. The space between the Castle and the Tokaido is now nothing but a heap of ruins, with here and there a mudgodown standing uninjured, like the ghost of tte houses which before surrounded it. Not one stone remains standing on another, not one house has eccaped the general destruction ; from the Nihon Bashi downward in a line with Tsukiji, and from the Castle to the sea is one hare field of desolation and ruin. Crossing the Tokaido, the houses have been burnt in every direction, and the people rendered houseless have camped out. Dejected and sorrowful, they sit in groups round a mat or blanket on which is spread a little food. Their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with the thousands who are houseless it is impossible for any but Government to administer relief." After a lengthened and detailed description of localities, we are informed that the fire was stopped on Thursday morning by the sea, and satisfaction is expressed at the escape of several important buildings. The report proceeds:— "An eye-witness tells us that at 3.15, when the fire broke out, no one thought' anything of it; hut as it leaped from block to block, firing at several places at once, the danger was felt to be imminent. The troops in the Yedo Hotel were sent into a place of safety, and several foreigners living in the French Hotel removed their baggage to the foreign settlement. Another gentleman who was near the Castle at the outbreak of the fire saw atleast 50 persons carried by on stretchers, nearly all dead; while a third witness who was in Tsukiji saw great numbers dead by suffocation or fire. Mothers threw their children away from them into the water to be drowned or on to the ground to be burnt, and rushed on to save themselves. Two-sworded men drunk with excitement cut and hewed in all directions, and the men who were seen disabled by sword cuts were too numerous to count. In contradistinc tion to this, daughters were to be seen carrying their fathers and mothers away, children just old enough to understand what was going on helped to save their parents from destruction, and what was more touching than all was to see in the distance people fall under their burdens to be overtaken by the flames before they could rise." Prompt steps appear to have been taken for the relief, so far as was possible, of the sufferers. Public meetings were called, and the paper from which we have quoted contains an urgent appeal to the sympathies of foreign residents, especially on behalf of destitute widows and Ox.pha.nH. Some excitement was created at Yokohama on March 28 by the supposed murder of an American. It turned out, however, to tea case of suicide. Athletic sports have teen introduced into Japan by the officers and settlers. The matches, extending over two days, appear to have been bigblysuccessful,and thefonnationof an Athletic Club is spoken of as a.probable event. A Retort.—The Chicago Po/t claims to hive i its editorial staff a lady of extraordinary iQities. The editor says he "never knew any ie who could write with equal ease upon so igular a range of topics, with information so act in detail," Whereupon an envious con mporaiy asks the jPeif why it never publishes ■ iy.of her articles. . 