He Baron of ge Rhine. In Three Futtes. Futte First. The Baron he sat in his castle old; It was Christmas Eve, and the night was cold. Twice thirty winters the Baron had seen— Twice thirty springs the fields were green Since the Baron was born, Who was now forlorn, Though wife and children ho had, I ween. The Baron was short, the Baron was fat, His hair was grey, and not much of that; His legs were thick, his nose was red ; Wlien he slept he required a good-sized bed. His eyes were black, and his mouth was wide, And a.rusty sword hung by his side. The Baron's castle was on the Khine ; The Baron himself was fond of wine. He called himself the Baron Grogsmora— He called his castle the Castle fihunsnore. It was a castle old. With dungeons cold; And|tho wretched old man oft cursed and swore: Especially when he was angry and verel The Baron was fouder tf an oath than a text. His wife, when sho lived, oft trembled to hear The Baron's foul tongue when full of beer ; For beer he drank, as well as the -wine, So famous along the flowing lUiino. ] His children shrank when they heard his voice, j And never came near when they had their i choice. On hu table there lay a supple cane, Which tickled their ribs and caused them pain. Ob, a wicked old man was the Baron Orogsmore, The Baron who lived in the Castle Khunsnore ! But wife and children were long since dead; The Baroness died from a blow on her head. The children were kicked and driven about, And nought could they d-j but snivel and pout. The Baron ne'er passod them without a. soowl, Or a kick, or a blow, flit male thorn howl; Till at last grown weary Of a. life so dreary, They jumped ia a well that was dank and font. The Baron he neither sorrowed nor sighed ; Not a tear could he weep, c'en if he had tried. When the dripping babes fro ji the well were brought, The Baron got drunk, as ha said he ought. He called for his man (his Tinmw was Struu), "Bring wine," he cried, " you son of a gun." The wine was brought, the Baron got mellow, And drank to himsalf as a j jlly gool fellow. He drank, aad he drink, till he fell off his chair, So dose to the fire that some of his hair Got singed, and he lay like a pig in his stye; And Strun was in hopes the Baron would die. But wicked Barons don't die so quick. Their brains are amiil, bui their skulls are thick. Next morning he woke, Sail, " IT""; it, HI smoke." He felt rather queer, And roared out for beer. After drinking a quart, Said, " That's a good start." Then sword a short prayer ; Next tried the fresh air. HU favorite hound Came slobbering around; His hands tried to lick, When he got such a kick As sent him quick flying headlong at a post, And lion the brava there gave up the ghost! So having got rid of children and wife, The Baieu said, "Notr I'll enjoy my new life." When women sre snivelling and children cry, Oneself to enjoy it is no use to try. There's one thing I fei<-1 shall miss very much. Pve got no one t J thrash ; for I don't like to touch That bold fallow Strun, who has got a thick arm, And a temper that's both malignant and waim.*' So the Baron grew g'umpUh ; he cursed and he swore, And frightened all bsggus away from his door. The Biroa he sat in his castle old; It was Christmas lire, aad the night was cold. He said, " Christinas comes only ones a year, And, by Jingo, to-mirrow I'll hive good cheer. A Christinas dinner should be rich and fine ; Aid Christmas drinks should include good wine." The Baron he called for Strun, who came ; Said the Baron, " Now, SStiun, I want some game, And a goose and a turksy. With sausages porky ; A good piece of beef, Of sirloin the chief. In order to cram, A fine Yorkshire ham; A puddicg of plum (Man, don't look so glum 2) To wash down such cheer, Get good lager beer ; And also have handy Some treble star brandy Of wines, some Haderia, Sufficient to cheer a Heart of a Baron of the old-fashioned sort, And mind don't forget a few bottles of port." Thus, having decided— The dinner provided, fhe Baron he thought be would slip off to bed, And, though hardly well able to steady his head, Soon under the clothes, He put his red nose ; Hiving first closed the door, Ho then 'gan to snore. And the Baron alone in that heavy-aired room, Slept sound, while the Castle was shrouded in gloom. Twas Bear the witching hour of night ; The Baxoa started with affright: The thunder roars, iine lightning gl&ams;, The Baroa wakes from frightful dreams. "What's that?" ha cried, while down his face, The sweat- drops rolled with quickening pace. He rubbed his eyes; he held his breath; His red nose was as pale as death. His soul pierced through the awful gloom, And saw strange phantoms in the room. His murdered wife stood by his bed, And pointed to her bleeding head. His children, dripping wet, weie^bere, And, standing each behind a chair. With pointing finger mocked the man, Said, " Look on us with faces wan : You killed us, or what's just the same, Forced as to play your little game. Beware to-morrow's Christmas feast! For we'll be there from great^to least; Mother and chicks, you wretched sinner, Will spoil yonr sumptuous Christmas dinner!" The Baron sat np on his feather bed, And thought for a moment he'd lost his head ; j And as he stared through the murky gloom, The ghosts and ghostcsses quitted the room. The Baron he swore a great oath or two, And said to himwifj c' This will never do. I'll now try to sleep, for the daylight's streaming In through the blinds; sure I must be dream ing" So the Baron once more he dosed his eyes, And covered hie nose for fear of the flies ! /ijttt €jjtrtr nift Inst. The Baron he sat in his castle oil; It was Christmas Day, and the day was cold. The doth was laid, and tlie banquet spread, And all around was as still as the dead. And Struu had place 1 the Baron's chair At the head ef the table—it's place was there. " The banquet is served," the servitor said. The Baron looked round, and nodded his head. " Steady, Struts, steady; Is everything ready ? Tbe goose and the turkey, The sausages porky; The beef aid the ham, The custards and jam ; The wine and the beer, And all tbe good cheer ?" ** All ready, your Highness," Said Strun, with some slyness. "And when you are there, yon may finl an odd chair, Whioh you did not expect, so I bid you beware. The Baron marched with rapid stride; The door at once was opened wide; "Wh*? sttaot *l*bt tb*t* tart hit •yes. As ne'er was seen beneath the alder. Around the groaning table sit, His wife and children; every brat Was grinning with uncanny mirth, And Lion crouched upou the hearth ! " Now take your seat," the lady cried ; " Yes, take your seat," each child replied. '* Here's better cheer than once we got; Sit down and eat it while 'tis hot." Tbe Baron sank in dark dismay Into bis chair, as pale as clay. He gazed upon the mocking threnr. And gasped, " Indeed," 'tis coming strong In fact, as I'm a mortal sinner, I ne'er invited you te dinner. Come, mizzle, now—ab-quatulate— A moment mare, 'twill be too late !*' Swift flashed the lightning, bright and clear; The thunder reared—'twas harsh to hear Tho ghosts then rose up olb by oue— Cried, " Wretched man, your race is ran. No Christmas dinner shall you c it ; No goose, nor beef, nor purtdine sseet V The Baron be fell on tiis bended knees, And beggel for a snack, if 'twas only cheese. "Not a bite," said his wif«>, " yon cruel nun ; See the ghosts of your b^bes, and then, if you Sit down to a feast, and guzzle r.ed feed ; You must be a villain indeed, indeed!" " Draw it mild, good wife," the Baron replied; " It was no fault of mine tho innocent* died. As v sensible woman, I pray yon tell, Uow I could help their being drowned in a well?" When thus went on this altercation, Provocativoo f such vexation. The air grew thick and v<ay murky, So thick you could not see the turkey. Smoke filled the roam, the smoke was nasty, like a too long-kept venison pasty ! Sulphurous lights burnt blue and dreary; The Baron cried, "Of this I'm weary. 'Pis getting rather beyond a joke ; To soothe my nerves. Til have a smoke." Be struck a match, for he was game ; In a moment the Baron was all aflame. He burnt as if he'd been made of chuff; The ghosts disappeared with a fiendish laugh. The castle burnt till its walls were gone; The buttresses fell down, one by one. And what became of the Baron so bold ? He was hurried away right through the cold. When the walls were down to the lowest level, The Baron went off in charge of the C \\. 