OUR LONDON LETTERS, LONDON, Jan. 26. Ihe convalescence of the Prince of Wales was marked on Sunday by a special thanksgiving in the form of a prayer, ordered to be prepared last Thursday by the Privy Council, and to be used m all places of worship of the Established Church the following Sunday. Soon after Parliament meets there IB to be an imposing ceremony at St. Paul's, whither Queen Victoria possibly the Prince liimself, and the great bodies of the State, will assemble to give thanks for the recovery of the Heir Apparent. The great cathedral already resounds with preparations for this public and unique event, and the Lord Chamberlain is obliged to deprecate the urgent demand for orders for admission which are thus early pouring hi upon him. The Queen has appointed Sir Wm. Jenner, -P-> to be an ordinary member of the Civil Division of the Knights Commanders of the Bath. Also the Queen has granted the dignity of Baronet to Dr Gull. Mr Gladstone has issued a circular relating to the meeting of Parliament. His allusion to the Speech from the Tlirone" is the official confirmation of the news that the Queen intends, if possible, to open the session in person. The remainder of Mr Gladstone's circular is occupied with the retirement of the Speaker. Ill all probability Mr Brand will be elected as the successor of 3Ir Denison. Mr Bright lias written to the O'Donoghue his views of Home Rule in Ireland, as some have sai (d w>at he was an advocate for it. He writes — been said „ -i* • by any one of any authority in the country, I shall be glad if you will contradict it. To have two representative Legislative Assemblies or Parliaments in the United Kingdom would, in my opinion, be an intolerable mischief ; and I think no sensible man can wish for two within the limits of the present United Kingdom, who does not wish the United Kingdom to become two or more nations entirely separate from each other." This letter of MrBright's will, we trust, remove the last illusions of those Irish Nationalists who profess to have the sympathy of English Liberals, with their latest agitation for the dismemberment of the British empire. The Nonconformist Conference has held meetings this week in Manchester. The first evening the.magnificent Free Trade Hall was crowded in every part, and a supplemental meeting was held in the Friends' Meeting House—a large building with spacious galis said , in Manchester that en Bepn ^ a * these meetings since b the davs nf tfcl V^i- (T r t T. the days of ttie Anti-Corn-Law League, when! Mr Cobden, Mr Bright, and Mr Fox used to appear together in the Old Free Trade Hall. Some fifteen hundred or two thousand delegates from all parts of the kingdom were pre-" t, and IVIr Richard, M P was i„ the 'chair. ' His address was full of telling points, m„derate wise, yet thorough and decided. It was very soon evident from the echo ,.,f the meeting that the thousands represented at the Manchester Conference, had made up tliuir minds on the education question. Dr. Miller's was, perhaps the speech of the evening; he made a most earnest appeal on behalf of a purely secular national education. The meetings held the next day were marked by groa't f..ive and earnestnesss. Mr Miall presided. One .if the resolutions pledged the Conference to support Mr lawcett's forthcoming motion resi-cctina University FeHo,-'"r, S) and another declared that the policy or the Endowed School Commissioners had contravened the spirit of the Act of 1809, and ".e principle of reh'.rious equality. The proceedings of both the morning and evening were characterised by unanimity and enthusiasm. A heavy gale visited the metropolis about 3 a.m. on Wednesday morning, Jan. 24th, accompanied with torrents cf rain. Many accidents are reported, and amongst them is the fall of one of the large pinacles upon the central tower of n estminster Palace. The mass weighing about two tons, fortunately fell outside the beautiful mosaic fresco ceiling of the central hall. In the Electric Telegraph Office, on the flooring of which oflice the principal portion of the massive fragments eventually lodged, the damage done is estimated at n-c-ral liundred pounds. Destructive floods are reported from many parts of the provinces. A flood of greater extent than has been known for forty years is now covering the Vale of Glamorgan, borne of the villages adjacent to the Severn are dehiged. Great damage is also done to shipping. The Tichborne case continues to excite unabated interest. The Attorney-General, in continuing his defence, has endeavoured to show that the real Roger Charles' Tichborne. though a young man with some fadings, and a certain propensity to drink, was a real gentleman at heart, utterly incapable of leading the life of "a common Australian thief; that liis own instructions to Mr btaughton, for his will showed a complete knowledge of the family property and affairs before leaving England, of which the claimant has shown complete ignorance. The Attorneytreneral has labored to show that the claimant, while entirely ignorant of the most elementary facts relating to the Tichborne family and property, while sending a message to a grandfather who had long been dead and begging for money in Australia, while he had a large balance at Wyn s, has also shown a curiously minute knowledge of facts in connection with the Orton family, of which Roger Tichborne must have been ignorant. One feature of the case, according to the learned counsel, was particularly striking. The life of Roger Tichborne while lie was in France was almost altogether a sealed book to the plaintiff, except as to one or two things that he might have learnt from the dowager. His absence of knowledge concerning his companions and course of education at fetonyhurst was likewise remarked on. In fact, Sir J. D. Coleridge proposes to show by vast cumulative evidence, that the claimant hardly knew anything that Roger Tichborne must have known—especially how to spell his own name, and in what county Tichborne Park was situated —but knew a great deal that Roger Tichborne could not have known. This speech is producing a profound impression, and it has yet to be concluded. „ ^ reprieve has been granted to the Rev. John feelby Watson, and lie will be sent to the convict prison at Portland. Cliristiana Edmunds has been pronounced insane, and therefore the sentence of death will not be carried out. M. Arles-Dufour is dead. He was all ardent Socialist, but opposed to the method by which Socialism has generally been pursued : a believer in an Arcadian future ; a man who had raised himself from a comparatively humble position to be the head of the great silk firm of Lyons and London, which has for so many years borne his name. He was never tired of repeatmg his belief in progress ; the condensation of all his favorite St. Simonian doctrines into one sentence—" The Golden Age is not in the origin of humanity, but in its future." An honored guest at the last dinner of the Cobden Club he was full of talk of Pdre Enfantin—the "master, as he called him, of his youth, when he had been one of the band of young and visionary enthusiasts, who wore the dress and lived the strange life of Menilmontant He believed in a time when there should be no more war, and considered that free trade would do more than anything else to abolish it The policy of M Thiers had no more determined opponent. M. Arlrfs Dufour abhorred the retrograde commercial ideas of the President of the French Republic as he hated the revival of nuhtarism which M. Thiers's Budget implies. M. Tliierti and his Ministers have been twice defeated in the divisions on the subject of the taxation of raw material. « The Chamber has no longer any confidence in me," saidM. Thiers. We must therefore part." No sooner had the President resigned, and sent in the message to j , Assembly, than M, Bathie, in tlje name of the Right Centre rose to say that the previous day s vote did not imply distrust. After some ! U S 10 m? - an order of the day, refusing to accept JVL. Thiers's resignation, and appealing to his sense of patriotism was earned almost unanimously ; and a deputation was appointed to inform the President of the result. When S 10 ^. ila3nl ? er reassembled it was announced , camber reassembled it was announced that M. Thiers had expressed his wilLgnees to resume the direction of affairs. Marshal M'Mahon soUcited M. Thiers to withdraw im resignation in the name of the army, wiucn would respect the orders of the majority ol tne Assembly, but would not obey dictators^. One of the results of the last crisis m France is the annihilation of all hope of the Assembly s return to Paris at present. . Fresh efforts rr ' 'ng m*dc to eflcrt afusion of the branches 01 rlie Orleanist family.. inc Comte de Paris, it is said, shortly mtends -visiting the Comte de Chambord. A new Governmental'scheme for the taxation of raw material, slightly differing from the first proposal, has been distributed to the Deputies. It is only applicable as a last resource. Ihe committee on the iiuugec has rejected tlie tax on salts of soda. . The Government is very uneasy about the reelection of Prince Napoleon to the Council- General of Ajaccio, and the probable success of M. llouher in the coming election for Lteputy. The return of that clever and nifluential Boiiapartist is feared by all the enemies of that fallen dynasty. The Liberal papers speak of M. Soulier's address to the electors of Corsica as impudent and audacious. The nation may not have pronounced upon its destinies, but it has certainly, the DebaU maintains, pronounced against Bonapartism in every election that lias taken place since the 8tli of last February. LONDON, Jan. 19. There are many signs of increased political activity. Members of Parliament are. still busy addressing their constituents or otherwise expounding their views. Professor Fawcett has made a speech at Brighton, which reads like a Radical manifesto, and indicates that the honourable member will continue to be an assatfant of the Treasury Bench. Arrangements are being made for holding in Manchester the Conference on International Arbitration and in support of Mr Henry Richard's motion (postponed from last month in consequence of the illness of the Prince of Wales) for Monday, Jan. 22. The appointment of international arbitrators to meet at Geneva, under the terms of the recent treaty between Great Britain and United States, has excited much attention on the Continent. In Spain Senor Marcoatu, a member of the Cortes, has given notice of his intention to introduce a motion very similar in its nature to that which will be shortly brought before the English House of Commons by Mr Henry Richard. In Sweden also, a member of the Legislature, M. hedUd, has recently spoken and written much on the same subject. In France it i-, V,.;ing discussed with much ability in some oi the public journals, and a new society for promoting the spread of international arbitration is being founded under the presidency of M. Marbru. The members of the Dutch Peace League in Holland have sent an address to Mi- Richard, expressing their lively interest in his intended motion. That body includes some of the most influential men in Holland. Its president is Herr J. A. Jolles, of the Hague, a jurist of Europe?.- 1 reputation, and now Minister of Justice for the Netherlands. In their address to Mr Richard they say:—"The General League of Peace in the Netherlands testifies its sympathy with you for having at this moment, when peace is not menaced, and the minds of men are again calm, taken the initiative, and at the same time the first practical step in the way leading to the reform of international law." At the annual meeting of the Shefheld Chamber of Commerce Mr Mundella, M.P., expressed his coniidedce that all details of the Alabama difficulty would be amicably settled. He thought the American people were far more grieved at the manifestation of British opinion than by the actual damage done. Cardinal Cullen presided on Wednesday over a meeting held in Marlborough-street Roman Catholic Cathedral, Dublin. Lord Hartington's declaration that the Government will not hand over the education of Ireland to the priests has nettled the Roman Catholic prelates, and the twelve declarations, which this meeting adopted, are equivalent to a proclamation of war. In liis speech Cardinal Cullen curses thenational system of education which exists with " bell, book, and candle." He anathematises the friends of un- 3eetarian education, ji...* as Bishop Dupanloup the other day anathematised M. Gambetta, when he proposed to take the education of French youths out of hands of the priests. In regard to the education question the Ultramontane clergy and t ;, Home Rule leaders, are likely to be at,'one, am", while not asking all that the latter asks—.some e! the bishops, euuh as Bishop Movi-'viy, are against Home Rule—the Roman Catholics will get powerful help from the new agitation. At a meeting of the F-oiie Rule Association, lieldinDublin, professorGalbraith deniedBishop Momrty's allegation that the agitation.ivas got up by the Fenians and spiteful Tories. He alluded to the O'Donugkuc as a ghost, the ghost of a young Irishman v.iio (.nice loved his country. The Kerry Post says that the signatures appended to the document calling on the O'Dono- •*hue to resign are as, et very few. a The Rev John Selby Watson, of Stockwell, has been sentenced to death for the murder of liis wife. He has been strongly recommended to mercy on account ot ins age and previous • rood character. . . . . Verdict has also been given m what is popularly known as the "Brighton poisoning case " Mi.IS Christina Edmunds was found "uilty of the death of a little boy named Barker, and also of the attempt to poison several pel-sons iit Brighton, by giving them chocolate creams into wl lieli she had put strychnine. The case against the famous claimant in the ereat Tichborne suite, before Lord Chief Justice Bovil, was opened last Monday. Long before the hours of meeting the approaches ^ to the Court were most inconveniently crowded. Of course the attraction was the desire to hear the speech of the Attorney- General who, on this, the seveniy-first day of the trial, was at length to open the case for tlic defence. Sir Jolm Coleridge, in prescribing the line of the defence, told the jury that it was the plaintiff's duty to satisfy them that lie was Roger Tichbonie, and it was no part of tlie defendant's duty to show who the claimant really was. It might be possible that nobody could say who the plaintiff really vm, whilst it was clear that he was not Roger Ticliborne. He would not conceal that he had a great body of evidence to show that the plaintiff probably was Arthur Orton ; but still it was no part ot his duty to show to demonstration that he was that person. He would, however contend that the plaintiff's own story and what he had written showed that he was not Roger Tichborne, and that the conclusion was almost inevitable that he was Arthur Orton. The speaker then placed before the jury an outline of the case supporting the Orton hypothesis. Subsequently the Attorney-Generol's speech was occupied in great part by an analysis of the Australian correspondence, because, in his view, the initiation of the alleged fraud was of the utmost unportance for the consideration of the jury. He pointed out that the claimant's information had grown with the progress of his correspondence, and it would appear as though an impression at one time existed that if Lady Tichborne acknowledged Jiim, there would be an end of all difficulty in the way of recognition, and he could settle down in the colony to enjoy the proceeds of the Tichborne estates. He also gave a history of the Brighton card case, which has been so often referred to during the trial. In dissecting the testimony on the other side, Sir John Coleridge called attention to many inconsistencies in the letters of the claimant with the facts which Roger Tichborne must have possessed, even had he been, as sought to be established, absent twelve years from his native land. The case is proceeding. Professor Huxley is unwell, and is said to be going to Italy and Egypt. . M. Thiers's proposed tax on raw material continues to meet with much opposition in France. The delegates from the Chambers of Commerce at Marseilles, Roulaix, Havre, Lyons, and other towns, have arrived at Versailles to protest against the proposed tax. Great uncertainty is said to prevail in Parliamentary circles on the question, and best informed persons hesitate to forecast the result of the debate now going on in the Assembly. The real difficulty of the Government in relation to finance seems to turn not upon the results of the struggle which lias exhausted France, as much as upon the war policy of the future. M. Thiers assumed the responsibilities of office with a deficit of 26,000,0001. But the deficit is, in part at least, one of his own creation. He has insisted upon a military expenditure larger than the largest ever asked for or submitted to under the Empire. Not content with this, he calls upon the impoverished people of France, in the moment of their greatest exhaustion, to contribute some eight millions sterling a year towards what is delusively designated a sinking fund, which, on the pretext of paying off the debt to th" Bank, and thus enabling it to reduce its paper _ .i-culation, he characterises as a tax of necessity. Towards furnishing the revenue required for this factious outlay, he has at length laid before the deputies a scheme of duties on raw material, and in a speech of three hours' duration, as full of economic blunders as of intellectual power, he has, to all appearance, impressed his own will upon the House, and will probably obtain what he demands. The policy of M. Thiers may be described in a few words -.—a disunited Italy, a divided Germany, a French ascendancy over the continent. This is to liim no dream, but a purpose, and to carry France back to this position he is taking tlie initiatory steps. The peace of France and the peace of her neighbors is but a small matter, so far as his estimation is concerned, compared with the glorious privilege of keeping Europe in awe, and dictating to nations how they shall live. He evidently looks upon the antagonism of Germany and France as suspended only, and not concluded by the late war. But M. Thiers is not the Republic.. His dictature is beginning to be obnoxious, and the opposition he meets with more serious. The Chamber is crying out about the President's frequent appearance there, and asks, with some reason, too, of what use are the '.Ministers if his Excellency is determined to do everything himself. The French Government has prohibited the sale in the street of two Paris papers—the Constitution and the Gauhris. This Act is viewed with much disfavor by the rest of the press. The Gaidois announces, as one of the consequences of its prohibition, that it has received no less than 437 fresh quarterly subscribers. By the death of the Due de Persigny, the ex-Emperor Napoleon has lost perhaps the most enthusiastic as well as one of the ablest of his partisans. The late Duke obtained his rank for services to the Bonapartist cause extending over twenty years. ^ 