CHAPTER III. THE "REFUGE OP THE POOR, A smell of docks, old seaweed, tar and hemp, a dnzzlmg ram, and cutting wind, were the prominent features of the "shipping" localitj in the city of Literpool, on the 23rd of April, l&46,asLuke Peel and his sister Mary Jane went aboard the ship New World, bound for Boston Had Alice been with him Luke woiüd have experienced little regret at leaving his native land, font had brought him noth- ing but poverty and sorrow but as ho thought of the lonely girl, a dull heaviness fell upon bim, and a mist carno o\er his eyes as ho watched the fast re- ceding Bhores of the beautiful mer Mersey The vessel was a small merchantman, carrying only a few passengers, and with prospect« of fair weather before them hoped to make the vo\age in a month But the seventh week had half passed away, ere the city of their destination gladdened the ejes of the weary emignnts Luke had little money to spepd, let alone spare, so before he took lu« sister from the ship he obtained a cheap lodging in the questionable neighborhood of Commercial street * And now," «aid M irj Jane, after the> bad par- taken of a comfortable meal in their new home, 1 what art thee going to do wi' me, now thees got me to America p" Luke placed his fore-finger m the centre of bis forehead-it was a habit he bad fallen into since the night he went to the " Ghost Pool" with such a deadly purpose He was not the same exuberant, cheerful Luke of yore, but a grave young laboring man, who seldom smiled, and seemed to hold life as a long, weary task " HI do the best I can," he said, in answer to Mar> Jane "Thonl't never want while I haye; an arm" ! * All very fine to talk o* arms, but they won't keep thee unless thee uses them/' i "Ay, lass, have a little patience," replied the mild Luke, in a weary tone. ' < ** It be a dool time, Mary Jane," was Luke's report the next evening, as he returned tired and weary to their lodgings, after tramping the city through. ' ?Hast 'ee found no work r* inquired Mary Jane, in brief, cutting tones. * ' . > "No," he replied, despondingly ; "there be few factories here, and they are not busy. A mon told me to go to Lowell, where there's lots of 'em, but I've no money to Bpend in travelling." " Is it fifty miles away r" inquired Mary Jane. " No, not near." _" Then I tutnk thee might walk it." " I've no heart, lass." ' Luke held a barely acknowledged desire to remain in Boston, dreaming that Alice might lose trace of him if he left that city. Ho had sent word to her on leaving Manchester that he should remain in Boston after he landed, so that a letter would always find bim there. " HI try another road to-day," he «aid to himself, as he again started in search of work. So he toiled up Washington-street in his heavy clogs, thinking to make for the country. Neanng the Roxbury line, he came to a large stone house built in the Gothic style andBtanding aome distance from the road. It was so superior in every respect to the buildings surrounding it, though us yet un- finished') that Luke stood for afewmomentalounging i in idle curiosity, and gazing at the scene before bim. | A grey-haired gentleman, with a young lady and a , little boy about six years old, were walking up and. down in front of the building, and apparently talk* . ing about it. The old gentleman wore a vexed look f on his face, and, as the party approached Luke, waa I saying: ' '" Í feeï so vexed with ínyseíf at leaving ' them be- hind ; ï cannot eee a thing without them. If I had only somebody to send now-7-" 'Then, as his eyes lighted on Luke: " Here, ray man, would yo» like to earn a dollar r " Ay, .«ir, and be glad," answered Luke, with alacrity. " Well, I suppose you know your wav to Ded- ham?" "No, sir ; I be only two d<i3"S landed here." "Indeed! What is your occupation ?" " I bo a mill hand, sir."* " A what ?" " A mill band!" in a louder voice. ' " Oh J" said the gentleman. Then, turning to his daughter, " My dear, didn't John call the people his father employs * mill bands ?' " _ " Yes, papa," replied the young lady, naughtily ; "but weare only wasting time. \ou had better send the man at once, for you know bow much buainesj we have to transact to-day." Thus admonished, papa turned to Luke, and said : j " Go straight up the road yon are now on for about five miles, and then inquire tor Mr. Blanchards farm. It is just on the edge o£ Dedham, as any one you meet will be able to tell you. When you find it,ask for Mrs. Blanchard, and tell her I sent formy glasses ; they are on the parlour mantel-piece. Now, be as quick as you can." Luke had started off before the last word was uttered, so eager was lie to work himself into any employment ; and Mr. Blanchard, in bis eagerness, forgot to tell him. where to deliver the spectacles. , " You wdl never see them again, papa,'' said Miss Agnes, daintily drawing her dress round her as one of the workmen passed them, "and we had better drive down town and bay a pair at once." 1 " I can never lind a pair again to .suit me aarwell I they did, and certainly I was very stupid to trust a stranger." . ? I He assisted his daughter into the carriage, and to i gether with his little son drove quickly away. Luke trudged along the dusty road until he had proceeded, as near as he could calculate, the five miles, and seeing no otie'on the road, made his way to the door of a' Bhowy country residence. Upon inqufrinpfor Mr. Blanchard«, he was pointed to a large old-fashioned farmhouse, which stood back from ttie road about half an acre. It was a somewhat dingy homestead, and had the appearance of-long neglect. Mrs. Blanchard gave the glasses to Luke, and he turned to resume his backward journey without thinking of rest. Arriving at the house in Wash'ng tan.*etreet, he found no gentleman there, and as the workmen were away to dinner, be directed his steps toward Commercial-street in quest of his own. ? He was met at the door of the rickety tenement house by the landlady, who laughed coarsely, and said: I " Tour sister's made off." "Where did she go?" asked Luke, in consterna- tion. " HoTC.do-I know?" " Did she eay nowght when she went ?" T ' " Ob, yes, I most forgot," said the woman. " She said how she'd go and work for herself, and not be a burden to you, and to tell you not to search for her, for you should never find her." " All reeght," replied Luke, with a poor attempt at banter. He ascended the stairs with a choking sensation at his throat and a deep sense of injury, and entering the room, found a dinner, aiicbr-as it-was, laid for him. " Oh, Mary Jane, thou'rt ».bitter lass !" he cried, renting his tired head on his hands ; " a bitter, bitter lass,' after all I would have done to make thee com- fortable r He sat pondering over the affair some time, rightly conjecturing that Mary Jane liad gone to Lowell in quest of factory work. Knowing that she was nearly ten years older than himself, of an irascible disposition, but industrious, and strict even to prudery, be thought she waa well able to take care of herself, and as she had chosen her road, " Let her walk it," he said. Still it was with a feeling of bitter desolation that, two hours efterward, he made his way to Washington street to find Mr. Blanchard ; thinking, as he strode rapidly along : ?'t-Thero'a no one to look to me for food now, or \- care^what bad act I may commit ; but ehe- may want a home some day. and then-well, I only hope-1 may bave ono to git e her." " t Mr. Blanchard had not been there since morning, the workmen told him, but had most likely gone home. If he had not, ho would probably call there before he did so. Luke hung round awhile, waiting for this possibility, but at length betook himself to the Dedham ro¿d, and by nightfall arrived at the old farm- house quite wearied out. \- -" Why, my poor-man-P exclaimed Mrr-Bianchard, delighted to recover hie precious glasses, " I am sorry you have had so much walking ; but you did well not to give the glasses ti» any one else. Go into 1 the kitchenJand reat- yourself.~and get some supper, after which I will have a little talk with you," 1 1 Luke was as hungry as he was tired, therefore he did full justice to the ample meal spread before him ; and, «eemg MrrBIaöchard in the garden when bo baa Onished, wentrtut tobini, andßÄid;' _.. [ " If thee'U please tell me what thee wanted to say, air, I'd loike to be starting for hoame." ** Certainly," replied Mr. Blanchard, turnragakind look on the sturdy young fellow before him. "I was thinking that Pd like to employ you, being as- sured of your honesty, if I only knew what you could do. I suppose you have never done such ft thing as set out young trees, or helped ra a garden?" " So, sir ; but I could learn." " Well »aid, my man ; but I have employed a gar- dener, who requires help only-tiU the. grounds are in order. 1 promised to_hnd bim a man, so, if the pro- posal is agreeable to you, I will employ you at six dollars per week. It is the ordinary wages of a laboring man, 1 believe, so do not think 1 wish to impose on you as a foreigner." 1 Luke protested ho did not, but was glad to get work at any wages. "Then rf you aro satisfied," said, the gentleman, " take this paper to-morrow morning at seven to John Hopkins, at Blanchard House, and be will find you employment." Mr. Blanchard took a slip of paper from his note- book, and on it wrote a few sentences, inquiring Luke's name and address. - - "But," questioned Luke, with a puzzled look, " Where is Blanchard House?" " Where I found you this morning." After carefully depositing the paper in his deepest pocket, together with a two dollar bill that Mr. Blanchard had given him for his day's service, Luke bade that gentleman good night, and made the best of his way to the poor lodging ra the north end Of the city. Although wearied by his day's tramp, and saddened by Mary Jane's untimely independence, hbi * mind was at rest on one point; be bad obtained wliat ia supposed to be an emigrant's desideratum-r work. (To be continued.) I 