LAUtfCESTON. Music & Fikewohks attiie Cataract. — On Monday evening a most agreeable entertainment was given at the Cataract gorge by Mr J. II. Mel vyn and ?- tho members of tho Orpheus Union. On this occasion a small committee of volunteers lout; llinir aid in the management of the pyrotcc.imcparD oi cue entertainment, tne result being a far more successful display of fireworks than on former occasions. At half past 7 o'clock two guns, fired from Mr Ackorman's flouting baths, succeeded by a couple of sky rockets, announced tho eonimoncoment of the proceedings, and shortly afterwards the gorge was alivo with boats and people. Tho evening was mild and line which tempted many to the scene. Tho bridge, the rocks, and every point of vantage was crowded, and there must have been over a thousand persons present. There wore about fifty boats 'in the gorge all filled with happy parties and the effect, when a powerful magriesiuu light was thrown upon the scene was very fine. As before Mr Bellion's largo bunt convoj'ed the singers and a liamioniiin which was skillfully presided over by Mr F. Fergusson. Tho following 'programme was gono through in good style:1 — Duet, Larboard Watch ; trio, Here's a Health to all Good Lasses ; duet, All's Well; quartettes, Angels that Around u- Hover, Banish oh Maiden, and See our Oars with Feathered Spray. Eauh selection was followed by a dis play of fireworks, and the effect was greatly heightened by some bunevolent individual who, perched upon an unseen eminence, maclo the old rocks re-echo tho notes of a very well played cornopean. The fireworks ' were extremely good. Some of the rockets were beautiful, thero were wheels, flower-pots, and several other whirligig ' affairs, which produced very capital effects. Die most successful seemed to be an arrangement known as 'The Dovil among the Tailors,' which threw high in air beautiful balls of fire, ending with a bung and a shower of fire balls and fiery serpents enough to delight the heart of the Prince of Darkness him self. The colored fires were very brilliant, and the magnesium light a groat success, 'burning steadily at one time for fully teu minutes, lighting up the wholo gorge, re vealing tho clusters of boats, the pictur esque ;groups on the rocks, and the beauti ful bridge crowded with people. Tho music was exceedingly good, and was heard to great advantage on the water, enabling the listener to realise the force of tho poet's beautiful lines — ' Music on the moonlit watur, Oh ! how he.ivonly sweetthe sound, While the bubbling waves in chorus, ? 1'ollow .and pursue it round.' !. . We rather admire this style ot entertain ment-,; and' trust when mild Rummer weather returns to us agam, that frequent opportunities of enjoying similar occasions will be afforded. , To this v end. tho club' should praotieeJ new and suitable pieces. and endeavour to cnlargo the chorus. It is said that ' music hath charms,' and there are seasons when it is peculiarly grateful to nil men who are engaged in tho turmoil of business. On our quiet river under tho influence of evening time it is, or should be especially so, and all should try to realise the idea — ?' The night shall bo filled with music, And tliu cares that infest the day, Shall fold their tents like the Arabs, And as silently steal away.' Somebody has said ' there is but ono stop from the sublimo to the ridiculous,' and no doubt many of those who crowded tho bridge, tho rocks, and tho boats on Mon day night will think wo ha'o taken it, when we drop from tho regions of poetry to announce the ' comical' facb that con certs with exhibitions of firoivorks can't be got up without expense. Tho committee who hud charge of the arrangements on Monday night resolved to ask a number of gentlemen to sub scribe one shilling each towards paying for tho fireworks, magnesium wire, &c;, buriit on tho occasion, the cost of which amount oil to £'-i. The total yet sub scribed is .Cl Ss. leaving £1 12s to bo provided for. The committee will bo jjhul if tnose who derived ploasuro on the occasion, and who havo not 3rct con tributed towards the cost, will leavo their shillings at the shop of Messrs'Kudson and rr.opivood.' Should thero be any overflow of liberality resulting in an overplus of money, tho amount will bo dovoled towards tho cost of fireworks for the next Cataract gorge concert. Tiiraiuk Hoy-Wi. — Mr Barlow and his cjinpnny ol'star artistes created a fresh sensation at. the Theatre Royal on Mon day evening, wUen iv ucw and improved programme wns submitted to a tolerably lull house— tho dross circle cxccptcd. Mr Barlow's now gems consisted of the musical, metrical burlesque, ' Farethee well, 1113' Alary Jane,' with comical reci tative, aud fiie nucompnniineiit on the harmonium; the nalioual bnlliul. ' Eug lund, di-ar old England, it still shall be 1113' uome ; me sensation song, nave 3'oti seen tho Ghost?' ''London — the jolly west end — the best end j' the oomicnl sciitimeutnl song, ' My cab'iagus and 1113' turnip tops;1' his extraordinary perform ances on 1'uganini's uremmiu. showing what it is possible to extract — violently and in tho most; extraordi nary attitudes — from a violin ; his lively polka while playing tho air on the violin, and is every extraordinary production of those terribly life-like blue tailed flics. As Chang and bis dwarf, Mr Barlow distributed the usual basket of Chinese gifts, and afterwards as a simple 'Heathen Cliineo' performed a variety of airs cxcruriit ingly high on a real Chinese strndivarius or liddle. Buckle)' and Holl3' wore us amusing and clastic as ever in their ji» and reel, music lesson, double dances, Senoganibian gambols, emm e'.pntinn on a lark, and rs Tom and ?Terry with Alr.Harlow, in the nejrro farce ,of that name, which terminated the per I \\.M ill !? 1 1 1. (. , 111 II HI I .illll.llUVVUl J 11IIIUUVI by pulling .Barlow iii two, somewhere about tli(« waist. The perl'ormanco was repeated on Tuesday night, Barlow having effected n union of his dissevered members so speedily as to have sustained no per manent damage. They will. perform at liongiord, on batuninv, and iVlonday ; at Catiipbell L'own. on Wednesday, 1st May ; nt Ouilands, on Tliursduy, 2nd ; at Green Ponds, on Friday, :)rd ; and at Hobart Town, on Moutlay, (Jth May.. 