LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS The ploughing match to be heldto-day in Mr. L. W. D'Elboux's paddock at Camperdown, is, the first one that has been held in or near this township, and it is to be hoped that it will Tesult in. that success "which should always attend meetings of this kind." The programme put forth by the committee is a good one,, and, from what we can learn, the number of competitors will by no means be so small as at one time was anticipated. In order, however to prevent any delay or confusion in obtaining an early start, it is desirable that the whole of the committee^ and those interested in promoting the match, should be on the ground as early as possible, so t hat all preliminaries may "be satisfactorily arranged. Whilst on this subjec t we may mention that those who have in the main been instrumental in getting up this match have not given that attention to details that is so necessary to the success of matters of this kind. A meeting was to have been held on Saturday last* but no one put in an appearance, and a meeting held yesterday afternoon was very sparsely attended. We understand, however, that arrangements have now been completed, and though the ground is not, perhaps, all that can be desired, still, with good management, a very fair day-s ..ploughing may be obtained: Those of the committee ; who have still lists o. hand in are requested to leave them with he hon secretary as early this morning as ossible. There was considerable stir yesterday in amperdown owing to the number of selecors who attended at the Local Land.Office, or the purpose of lodging their applications." or land pegged out in accordance with the otification published by the Land Officer; othing, however, like the rush experienced t the last selection occurred on this occaion, owing doubtless, to the fact that the. and available was not so valuable, and also hat it was scattered over the district in mall areas. There was, at any rate, suficient interest taken in the matter to shew hat wherever laud even of limited extent; and value is thrown open to competition under the free selecting clauses of the Land Act, there will always be found a number of people ready to go in for the scramble. The land declared available yesterday consisted of allotment 30, Carpendeit, divided into 3 portions; allotment 45, parish of Ligar; the whole of the Tooliorook reserve, in 20 acre lots; allotment 109, Corangamite, in two subdivisions as surveyed, and a small block on the: reserve adjoining Mr. J. Ryan's farm, also in Corangamite. The piece of land that seemed to attract the largest amount of attention was allotment 27, parish of Maridayallock, on what is better known as the Farmers' common. This allotment had been originally selected by Michael Darcy, but thrown up by him when tlie Board of Lands andSurvey arrived at the extraordinary decision of allowing him to select in two places at one time, and then •take his choice of which block lie would keep: It is probable that the pegging out will continue up to the day of the Land Board (Thursday next), and the applications of all those who pegged at a distance have not yet reached tlie Land Office. There will, doubtless, be keen competition for all the lots, and we would remind all interested that after the decision of the Lands Department in Woodward's case no one who owns a bit of land, or has ever selected, stands the ghost of a chance—the clear intention' of the Land Act notwithstanding. The following were the number of applications received yesterday :—3?or allotment 27 Maridayallock, 80applieations-= <3arpendeit, 'allotment 30B, four j and 30A, three ; Corangamite, 109B, three ; and 109A, two. For the piece west of lot 72 Gorangamitej thej'e were seven applications put in. The petition against the Mining on Private Property Bill is stiil lying at tlie Leura Hotel, and as it will not be sent down until Thursday, those country people who are opposed to the measurejas now framed will have an opportunity of signing during the course of the day. n J ' Another of the series of public concerts at Terang will be held in the Temperance Hall in that township this evening. -The programme is a varied one, and as several amateurs new to the public have consented to give their assistance, it is anticipated • there will be a good attendance, scud that the funds will be proportionately increased. The «' Government Gazette ". of Friday last contains the announcement of the resignation by J. -H. Peebles, Esq. of the Comm ission: of th e Peace for the Warrnambool Sessions District. Mr. Peebles has, for the last three years, performed tlie duties of a magistrate in Camperdown.to the satisfaction of the public, and with credit to himself, and it is certainly matter for regret thathe should have considered it desirable to sever his connection with our local Bench. The presence of more than- .one resident justice of the peace in Camperdown is now very essential for the conduct of public business, and we hope that whoever may be appointed to fill the vacant office may be found as accessible and obliging to the; public as the retiring magistrate has always shown himself to be. The residents on that debateable land known as the boundary between the Shires of Colac and Hampden are getting tired of" being left alone by both the Councils mentioned, and have at last made an effort to; have their actual -position more clearly defined. From the " Observer's" report of the Colac Shire Council meeting we gather that a petition was read from ratepayers on the Hampden and Colac Shire: "boundaries, asking that they be added to the Shire of Colac, and affirming that their interests were coincident with those of Colac, and that thpy. had £100 expended by this Council^ while they were altogether neglected by Hampden. Here followed the signatures sworn to as genuine. On the motion of Cr. Calvert, seconded by Civ Wilson, it was agreed to be forwarded to the proper department. We have often urged upon the Hampdenshire Council the necessity of having both the shire and county boundaries in that locality properly defined, ; but it has always been one of those matters that have* been left to take care of themselves. Should the petitioners be successful in their "a ttempt at separation the Shire boundary question will be settled^ though that of the county will still remain unsolved, :••••-. We are informed that Mr. H. O. Bennett; of the Local Land Office and Sub-treasury, is about to be absent from Camperdown on a month's leave of absence, and that during that time his duties will be performed by the relieving Receiver and Paymaster. The case of the Shire of Ballarat (appel* lant). v. Beaton (respondent), quoted else where, will likely form a guide for the Mortlake and other shire councils in any action they determine on in respect to claims made for drainage damage in the construction of public works. At the recent Press Conference in Mel bourne, particular stress was laid upon the fact that all notices of impoundings were advertised only in the "Gazette," and never reached the public eye unless quoted gratuitously by local journals. A case which pointedly illustrates this method of "how not to do it, " occurred in this district last week. Some eight days ago a small farmer missed some ten head of cattle, which lie had been accustomed to graze near, his farm.. He rode about tlie country in all directions, in search of the missing animals, but without avail, and carefully scanned the local newspaper to see if his lost cows were included amongst others in the list of impounded stock. As, however, these impoundings do not appear in our- columns until after their publication in the Government advertising sheet, a delay of some fourteen days of course occurs from the date of impounding to the time when the public are made acquainted with that procedure. Consequently the farmer in question- obtained no information from us. it so happened, however, that by chance he heard that liis cattle were in the Camperdown pound, and on proceeding thither he found his lost stock sure enough, in the hands of the Philistines. Since their seizure, the fees, in one way or another, had amounted to £7, which, added to the man's loss of time and trouble hunting after his cattle, was a rather heavy penalty..to inflict upon a poor farmer. Now, had the Government adopted the rule of causing all impoundings to be advertised immediately in local journals, this man's loss would have been com-: paratively trifling. His cattle would have been advertised, and lie would have discovered their whereabouts and lecovered them, within three days at the utmost. As it is, he is another victim to the present system of Government, advertising. At the Police Court, Terang, yesterday, the Police Magistrate presided, but there, was) only one case for adjudication before the Bench. - This was a fraud summons on which one Naylon was called upon to show cause why an order of the court in favor o 'Messrs Quinn Brothers had not been com plied with. There was no appearance o. the defendsnt, aud a warrant was issued fo r his apprehension. '••,..-• ^ A sale of Crown lands is to be held a Colac on Tuesday, the 15th October next, the land to be offered comprising township lots in Pirron Yallock, and. special lots in the parishes of Birregurra and Elliminyt. A sale of Crown lands by auction at Warrnambool is gazetted to be held on Tuesday, the 15th October next; when the following wiH be offered: :^To wn aUotments in Warrnambool and Winslow, and suburban lots in the parish of Wangoom. Last Friday's "Gazette" contains a notification calling for tenders for the second batch of mail services for the 18 months from the 1st January, 1873, to the 30th 1S74; tenders to be. sent in to the Posfmaster- Gcneralbynooii - ofthe22nd October next. For certain services tenderers are invited to submit offers either for eighteen months or for two years and a-half •We notice that tlie Colac;- Shire. Council have.decided ;upon continuing the salary of the Shire Engineer at f225^per annumv-andallowing that officer one day in each week (Saturday) for private practice. The .proposal to fix: the ;salary^ and forbid private practice was negatived. In another column will be found the text of the new Education Bill, mtroduced into the Assembly last Thursday by the Hon. the Attorney-General. We purpose to notice this measure in oar next issue. The Press Conference would not overlook the cost of press -messages and the chances of the Government recouping itself for th& subsidy asked for, but (remarks the " Star ") itmaybeusefultostatepubliclyhowthe case stands. Thus the "Argus" for 50 words a day will pay .about £10,000 a year, with a chance of being recouped oidy in part by giving the message to such other newspapers as can afford to "buy it. The GovemmentcouldobtainainessageofCOwords&r; £23 17S 6d per day ; and, assuming that the adjoining colonies would join in this subsidy, the same message could be sent to all newspapers thi'Oughout South Australia; Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland. If, therefore, 100 newspapers, scattered over the four colonies, would 'agree to pay the simple intercolonial rate pf one j penny per word for 60 words the Government would receive daily £25 for that which cost them £23 17s Od. >TW difference of £1 2s 6d per day-would pay'the expense of colleetiug tlie news, and concentrating it in London to be forwarded to some centre to be agreed upon in Australia. In tliis way a great public boon wonld^cost this ^country only some half-hour perd^y of -the jtime of so many "telegraph' clerks, in receiving and despatching 60 worHs^ every day as th|§ message arrived. This>eojild be done if at is - necessary that =the govl'mments' should be recouped, "but we; are of' opinion^ that ^tliisought not to he msisted^oh.' ' ' ME. Robert Bailey has been appointed a member ;of: the4ocal ; committee of the Ecklin common school, No. 891. The "Age " writes :—The Upper House might just as. well have pgssed the Land Bill on Wednesday night, and given selectors the area for depasturing they require. The rejection of the bill by the Coun cil should have no practical result, for the Minister of Lands, has ample powers conferred upon him - by the Land Act of 1862 to accomplish nearly ; all he designed to do by his amending land bill. For instance* part 1W of the act deals with commons, and clause 58 reads as follows :—"It shall he lawful-for* the Governor at any time, and from time to time, under regulations to be made.for such purpose, to proclaim any Crown lands as a common, and place it under the management r of any borough or shire council, mining or road board, or any person vr persons, or any. two or more of the said councils, boards or persons ; and direct the manner by which the fees shall be imposed, paid, collected, and recovered for depasturing thereon; and how such fees shall he disposed of, and at any time to alter, add to, diminish,. revoke, or abolish such common, or unite one or more commons. " Under this clause Mr. Casey may confer-depasturing rights on as many persons as he chooses, and the Upper House is powerless in the matter. From the telegraphic news in the " Daily Telegraph," we learn that the Syren, from Callao, has arrived.at Newcastle with news to the 29th July. A revolution has taken plate in Peru. General Gutierez had deposed and-impris'oned President Balt'a: The Cbngress, was broken np by. military power, and a reign of terror lasted for a week. A coun-- ter revolution took place. at Callao, and Colonel Gutierez was shot when leaving for -Lima. His brother took revenge by murdering the ex-President wheri in bed." The American and British consuls narrowly escaped being murdered by the revolutionary troops. A number of seamen .landed from foreign war vessels in the harbpr, and protected residents on the night of the 26th. M. Gutierez, brother of General Gutierez, was shot. General Gutierez^ abandoned by his soldiers, left Fort Catalina, and hid in a drug store. When found, he was murdered, his body being ripped open with a dagger. Thes bodies of both brothers were dragged on a cart through the streets. A new Ministry had been formed, and Riberio appointed President. The bodies of the brothers Gutierez were burned in the plaza of Lima. The first snake bite of the season (says the " Telegraph ") is reported from Denili-. quin. A man named William Murdoch, groom in the,employ of Mr. J. M'Alister, of Junee, was bitten in the: finger by a black snake while chopping wood. The man was driven into, town, and arrived at about two o'clock in a semi-comatose state, and in all probability the precaution of bandaging his wrist, tightly prevented a fatal termination. Murdoch was attended by Dr. Morgan, who cut out the bitten portion of the finger, and he is now progressing favorably. The " Age " states that the new map of Victoria, which for the last three years has occupied the attention of Mr. A. J. Skene, the surveyor-general, has been published. The map is six feet four inches by four feet three inches, and the scale is eight miles to the inch. It shows thirty-seven counties, eighteen of which are new, and bear native names. In order to form thesis the M urray, Ovens, and Wimmera districts have been cut up into counties. The towns, lakes, tidal waters, • and mountains are mapped, and a new feature is the introduction of the routes of the various vessels which have explored j the coast of Victoria; and the magnetic variations as determined by Professor Neumayer. The map has been corrected up to . the date of 15tli of August last. It is well got up, and-the engraving is distinct ; and besides being the largest map of Victoria as yet produced, contains a vast amount of geographical information. The map was drawn by Mr. G. A. Windsor, and was engraved by Mr. W. Slight. The "Pleasant Creek News" Wimmera correspondent writes -.—" On the Wimmera we have experienced one of those peculiar seasons that appear to occur once only in a. quarter of a century, remarkable for continuous raiiij causing creeks and rivers to run unceasingly for several -months, soaking and cooling the land so much that vegetation has been greatly -retarded, and work of stations and farms has been kept back at least a month later than usual. However, for the last few weeks dry warm weather has prevailed, and a magical influence has come over the scene; grass and herbage is growing vigorously, and -the cereal crops have recovered and are looking well. The wool harvest is opening up, some of the early sheds have a good quantity of wool ready to send away ; later sheds have commenced sheep- washing,: and the latest ones are getting ready to wash. Tlie first wool of this season's clip passed through Glenorchy on the 4th inst., from Mr Scott's, Warrecknabeal, on the Yarreamback Creek. That load was brought down on a waggon drawn by twelve picked bullocks, a strong team, and as yet no other load has come down. The horse teams are of no value at present, the roads are so heavy." The "Kilmore Free Press" says :— " There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip, is an old saying often exemplified in this colony, but perhaps never more forcibly than : it has been in Kilmore during the week. A youthful swain from the Broadford neighborhood, having been enamored of a fair damsel, came into Kilmore on Tuesday last for the purpose of making all the necessary arrangements for. entering the holy%onds of -wedlock on the day following. Having arrived at the-house of a near relation of the bride elect, the happy man was about to leave liis fair charge there, but for a short time, in order to look after and arrange the necessary preliminaries consequent upon the nuptials. He, however, was saved any trouble in this respect, for directly the young lady came to the friend's place she was seized, and, not in the most delicate manneriplaeedmasqrtoftemporaryprison, the ardent swain being deaf to all her entreaties for help. -JEe -evidently thought discretion the better part of valor, and immediately rode off to invoke the aid of the police.authoiutiesjfandiookfout^asummons ; for.assault-in the name of his fair intended;: In the Equity Court on Monday (says the ^'Telegraph") Mr." A'Beckett petitioned in r re tlie will of the late Mr. John Moffatt. The will was swarn under £212,000, and the probate duty came to £10.600. The-question submitted by the petitioner was whether the legacies should each bear its share of the duty, or whether the residuary legatees should. His Honor, Mr. Justice Molesworth, intimated that he would prefer hgaring what the residuary legatees had to say on the question before giving his decision. 