DID YOU EVER STAND UMPIRE AT A FOOT-RACE? (From Baily's Magazine.) Gentle reader 1—for it is only to a gentle reader that I would address my narrative—did yon ever stand umpire at afoot-race? Once it was mj lot to do so, with great satisfaction to myself and everybody else; but that was a mile race,I pleasantly remember. A hundred yards' race is quite another thing—that will try your nerve, particularly under circumstances such as I shall nave jhereafter to relate. Once, indeed, it was my lot to judge between two gentlemen—amateurs they were—at that critical distance, and my decision, if such it could be called, exposed me for some minutes to the risk of assault at the hands of three Irish labourers who happened to be looking on, and had nothing whatever to do with it; but on that occasion I put on a look of supreme indifference, and my bearing, which is naturally aristocratic, awed them into acquiescence, and Fat, whose eye instinctively recognises a chieftain, subsided. Pat, with all his faults, is a sportsman, and I, an a sound politician, for which 1 much esteem myself, with a paternal and conciliatory Government would give all his own enjoyments back again. And this reminds me of my grandfather, who was the wisest man I ever knew, and to whobe words of wisdom I nsed to listen with admiration, whether he discoursed" on the exportation of machinery, the vexatia question of his day, or the cooking of a pancake, a matter of all time. He died before 1 was ten years old, and I never could hold an argument with him. He was a popular man, I remember, for on the Monday of our annual wabe, after he had invited everybody to dine with bim on the Gliarity-sermon Sunday, the bull for baiting was staked opposite our drawingroom window, and my grandfather felt the compliment, I assure you, and moreover, appreciated the influence of the recreation on the minds of en. "Stop bull-baiting I" he used to say. Let me see you do it, sir; deprive the people of their innocent amusements, and sir, tbe result will be—(he was very impressive in his manner) —"the result will be, you'll make 'em all politicians, sir ? read all the cheap rubbish that venal publishers put into their hands—and then let me see you govern 'em sir!" He said the bull liked it; but he was never tied to a stake, and similii similibus, he never stood umpire at ^a hundred yards' foot-race, or experience might have altered his opinion. The occasion on which I felt the difficulty and the .'delicacy of the latter position occurred to me one morning in the begining of March, when driving to cover on tbe turnpikeroad between Birmingham and Bromsgrove, I beheld before me at a certain celebrated level half a mile Bome 300 men, from whose boisterous demeanour'and peculiar garb, although distinguished by much variety of detail, I inferred they were of active habits, and moving somewhat rapidly in the lower .sphere of society. I had no desire to become intimate with them, and fully intended to pas them, unheeded; but I was frustrated. Forming across the road they summoned me to stop, enforcing their peremptory mandate by seizing my horse's head. Feeling that the odds in the event of a personal encounter were against me, I made a virtue of necessity and pulled up. Suprised, but retaining my natural politeness, I enquired the meaning of so ununcivilised a proceeding. A gentleman in a fur cap enlightened me at once. " Whoy, sur, we have gotten 8 bit of a raace 'iwixt a Woly'rampton mon and a Brnm'agen mon, and want a humnire; the Woly'rampton mon won't have a Brum'agem mon, and tbe Bram'agem mon won't have a'Woly-rampton mon; so we've 'greed to stop the first gen'leman as is a gen'leman as comes along the road; and you're the fust we've seed, and you'll have to do it.'' " Its all fine," I said^ but it's out of my line altogether. I know nothing abont. such things, and fear I should not give satisfaction." " That be blowed," said fuiry cap, "any fool can tell who's fust." "Just so, my friend," said I; "any fool can tell who's fust; but as I do not at present set myself down in that category, I may, notwithstanding the apparent simplicity, of the transaction, disappoint you." "None 0' yer patter, guv'nor," said'a thiu, white-faced fellow, who I fancied was from town. " Stow that 1" said half-a-dozen others ; " you're right enough." " You ain't such a foot as you look." " You'll be right enough , you ain't got anything on it, and there ain't toime to square you now." " Out you come." And amid such flattering and encouraging remarks, I reluctantly descended from my trap, modestly assuring my motley friends that I would do my best. I took, or rather I was shoved into my post. "It'sa hundred yards race," said a gentleman who took upon himself the office of instructor. " A cove down yonder *1I fire a pistol, and you're got to see who touches this 'ere string fust." " I understand," said I, "I understand; thank you very much." "The Brum'agem mon's got a red handkerchief ronnd his 'ed; the Wolv'rampton mon's got a blue *un." "Aye, I see; very good.'' The pistol was fired, and off they went at a rattling hundred yards' pace. " Now blue 1" " Now red!" Now one's nose is half an inch first; now the other's; wriggle wriggle, bound, step ont; wriggle wriggle again, and, amid uproarious shouts and cries of "Blue ;"—'lied I red ! red P— 'Blue 1 blue 1;" the string was borne away, and the goal was passed. - One was fint, I am sure of that, but red and bine passing and repassing each other in quick:succession dazzled me, and, for my life, I Could not say which. Had I been a man of firmness, by nature, or nsed to such affairs by custom, I should have given my decision on the instant; but, alas 1 I was neither. Consciontions withal, I took . time - to consides. We know what place is paved with good intentions, and was thinking of it, and really meaning to be very just, when I was rudely roused tf a push, and, " Now then I—who's fust 1" from 58 voices proceeding from as many bony jaws. 'Let me consider,'said I 'Oh, it wants no considering.' •« Say red.or Til fill yereyeupl" "Blue, you fool I say bluet" Baid a collier looking man ; "or' blue, nfbreakyonrnutl" and soon, till quite bewildered, I bethought myself. I say, and luckily I did no more. They, read it in my eye. ''Noneo' yer. dead heats," said about a hundred, "or we'll nil yer 1 None o' that; mind." I tried to smile benignly on my persecutors, but I fancy I looked like a ghost, and should have abandoned . myself to despair had I known how toaet abont it, when snddenlv a voice, : friendly, but unmusical, whispered in my ear,- 1 Mister, I know you ; you know' me—I'm Benny Teriy. Say red— that's Brum'agem ; ifs's all right—there's 'nough on us'ere to ipull yer through it. Get in the middle on us; and say red," I looked at my old friend, and trusted him—I would have embraced him, but I had Tiot time So, following his advice, I got beihind him, and shouted " Red? " with might and main. /'Red, yon 1 Any on yer want anythink ?" As I was hoisted into my vehicle the little'crowd was surging considerably, and I thought I saw a fight or two, but having something else of more importance on my mind, namely, my own safety, 1 drove away. Since that time I have avoided level half-miles on my way to cover. PKKBKBVATION orFBKSH MBAT.—Mr. W. P. WQshire thus;writes ito the S. M. Hcraldi—Sit,- - As many persons take an interest in an experiment thalt l have undergoing a . test for the space of upwards of-three months put, of -100 lb. beef, packed in a ootmnon baae,- by a prooess in which white clay is tbe principal ingredient used in the packing, and wbicb case Wof a size suitable tor transmission fo England ;—I; wish to state forthe information of those peraons, as also for that of the'large section of the pnbilio who take an interest generally in the question of pnterviag meat. Jreth in joint* for the English vuxrket, that: up to the - present time the meat, on inspection^ baa proved to be in the most perfect state |of preservation, and likely to remain oo muchlonjnr if desired.' I regard it therefore aa anaccompHsbed sucteas.' Tbe prooess is intended to prove that meat may be taken' fresh and packed immediBtelya;aa above stated, without any previous chemical or^other,application, but. dependant solely ora the bold tempmtnre of tbe mixture applied and tbe oxclnsiouorUi^i whioh is.«ffeetuaUy. attained by tbe means-adigAed. 1 hope to be able to give a mote satisfartoty^aisnranoe of the suooees of the experiment i wben' ftbe paskage shall have been Snattjr inspected, probably som« weeks Hence, by lenintererteQpenonsthanmyself. 