THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUBTBALABTAN. Sir,—We met at the Wheatehea! last Satur day, at 2 o'clock. A goodly company of regulars and a large number of casuals turned ^ jout, as Campbellfield is a very favourite meet ' for those who like plenty of fencing. A little before the time appointed I noticed among the crowd in the road by the inn, the master on Western, Mr. Bright on Garibaldi, . Mr. R. Power on Amabilis, Mr. H. Power on Morisco; the Hon. W. Stewart on The Bat, Mr. Bobbins on Staunton, Mr. T. Fenner on Pilot, Mr. G. Fenner on Grimalkin, Mr. Madden on Celt, Mr. Qoinlan on Telegraph, Colonel Ward on Duchess, Mr. Co well on . Canary, Mr. Francis on The Don, Mr. Shllivan on Mountaineer, Mr. J. Watson on CrniBkeen, Mr. Glennister on Lady Don, Mr. Grice on a chesnut, Mr. Buckley on Eaclid, . Mr. A. Buckley on Joe Brown, Mr. Bell on Rover, Mr. Miller on Acrobat, and the Hon. ' R, Manners Sutton on a blood- looking bay. At the very stroke of 2 the master gave the signal to begin, and led the honnds into a paddock a little way np from the hotel, and to the right of the Sydney-road. We were hardly in the paddock before the heunds . gave tongue on the scent, and went off at ' score, running through a two-rail fence, and , hearing to the right at a clipping pace. The first fence was safely negotiated by all, bat we soon afterwards came to a great staring post and-rail fence which effectually weeded the field, and made the number left in the hunt from thin point very small. Western, Celt; Lady Don, Mr; Grice's chesnnt, Pilot, Morisco. Mountaineer, and Canary formed the first . flight, and immediately behind, and holding good places, were several others; but I had not time to notice who they were. The dingo ran a zigzag course over several nice fences, nothing very stiff, to the Merri Creek, which was crossed without a mis take by the field. From this we ran to the Epping-road, which we had where the fences were very big. Celt very nearly came to grief in the road, by jumping on to a heap k of stones, but escaped without a fall. On the other ode of the road we got into a very rough country, covered with stones and crab-holes and intersected with stone walls, bat along we went, scrambling and splashing, at a tre mendous pace, considering the state of the country. The dingo was now viewed going leisurely along in front of the pack, as if he had nothing to fear from them, but they disabused his mind of that hallucination in a very short time, as they ran into him, and eve him a very severe snaking. The hounds ing whipped-off, our quarry, finding there was rather less of a joke in the proceedings than he imagined, took to his heels in earnest After a short and very welcome check, the hounds were again laid on, and ' led us a mile or two further, until the master, finding that we were getting into a large tract of cultivation to the right of Epping, stopped the hounds, and all those who had been in it up to this were glad to cry enough. The distance covered was 13 miles, ana the time one hour and five minutes, which over a rough country is fast enough for anybody. The horses that saw the finish ware Western, Pilot, Celt AmtMlis, Lady Don, Morisco, The Bat Canary, Mountaineer, Staunton, Mr. Grioe's chesnnt, Rover, and The Don. Others imw . up after a Utile; but the horses I mention had toe cream of toe ran. I am sorry to have to record that the clever light-weight hnnter. Grimalkin, broke down badly and had to be left at Epping for the night. Toms, &&, TAM O'SHANTKH'S GHOST. 