A SOUTH SHIELDS GHOST STORY. One of the most famous of these hannted mansions is in the Old Hall, in West Holborn, South Shields, formerly the residence of some rich , shipowner, who at present is. forgotten; It has long lost its aristocratic standing, and been "let out in tenements, nnrh nf it. haincr imw occupied us a-public-house, so that the most incredulous teetotaller may well be lieve it to be a rendezvous of evil spirits. A lady,, whom I know, lived in it for sometime, and she and all her family used to hear and see strange things in it. Dreadful deeds most have been perpe trated some time or other in its spacious, and once splendid, but now ghostly rooms. On one of the grand mantelpieces, she \ tells me are the marks of two bloody fin gers and a thumb, which no chemical art known to her mother, who wa3 a notable housewife, up to all sorts of domestic economy, could efface. Scrubbing j scouring had no effect, and even through : successive coats of paint the murli3 reap- peared. So true is it that the stains of ; murder are indelible, and that when j everything else is silent the very walls cry out. The finger marks are doubtless j those of some female victim of lawless I brutality, for the shade of her who im- j i pressed them is sometimes seen. One j night Mrs C could not sleep, so she j sat up in bed reading. About midnight j she saw, to her astonishment, a tall hand- some lady dressed in white, with a scar- j let waistband glide across the room, from a door which was always shut up, to wards one of the windows oil the other , side, where she disappeared. She made no sign, however, nor intimated any wish to disclose her secret. But the spot where she disappeared might have af forded some clue had it been searched j for beneath the sill of that window — a j huge old-fashioned affair— there was aj recess that nobody thought of prying! into. Through a knot dropping out of ; the wood there was a hole in this place, j down which small articles, such as thim bles, . cotton-balls, &c.i; were constantly falling, and though oft-eh stuffed up in various ways it very often got open again. One of the family undertook one day to fish the things up with a hooked wire. He did so, and with them drew up lots of beetles and other vermin, such as in fest graves ; an indication, one would think, of what was below. Mrs C — — regrets to this day that she did not cause the sill to be raised. But it was not that room alone that gave the house a bad name. .My informant once saw what she fancied to be the apparition of a sol dier standing at the head of the. stair, and others of the family at different times saw him likewise. There was one ap- partment in the house which no soul ever entered, barring, of course, disembodied souls, . for of such it was deemed to be the favorite haunt. No earthly tenant would have it for nothing, so that it re mained shut up from year end to year end. What was in it beside the gbosts nobody ever knew, or dared investigate ) for even to peep into it. through a key hole would have needed more courage than most people possess. Strange noises .were held in it occasionally, . as if the ghosts were kicking up a racket among themselves. Perhaps h hidden treasure" lay under the floor, with the mouldering bones of murdered men. The elements had free entrance into it, for not a pane of glass was left in the window, and the J Jl- J . nni) fVlA winflftW lluul iiub jjaileu ujj »iav so situated that it would have been dim- cult to get a glimpse through it into the interior.— Liverpool Qouriw Money on Easy TeuMS. — In one of th'e Loudon morning, papers the other day, there were above twenty advertise ments headed " Money," all offering loans on easy terms. There is consider able variety in- the bait used by these angling money-lenders,; but great same ness in the general form of the orusl hook by which poor silly fish are caught. Some of | the advertisements arc from " loan offices others from private gentlemen," who are willing to adyanoo money (how generous I) and who havj "no connection with loan offices." They all seem to have unlimited resources, from £2 to £1000 being at the disposal of every borrower. The invitations are to " respectable persons," male or female, in town or country, distance np object : personal application preferred, but not necessary. " Strict saoresy and prompt despatch " are usually promised ; an swers to applications u by return of post," and money sent u at a day's notioe." So obliging are these gentle men, " forms will be sent gratis," and in some cases the borrower is assured there are " no law costs " and no office fees." More convenient still, there are " no sureties required," To borrow money is an easy matter after all j But, of course, there must be securities of some sort. Well, the borrower's "note of hand" is sufficient, with deposit of deeds, leases, life- polioies, or, if pre ferred, a bill ol sale ou furniture or other goods, " without removal," Ther the repayment may be " by easy instal ments." How accommodating 1 But the interest ? Why, only £5 por cent. | A poor widow lady pressed for her rent, saw these advertisements and wrote to one of the advertisers. He oamo, and obtained the lease of the house as a security, " only a form, you know." Such a polite, kind man, and interest only £8 per cent. I nfilil nrttt limloa qll/i furniture, and went to redeem tko lease held in security by the money-lender. But the poor woman then learned for the first time that " £5 per cent," did not mean £5 for the loan of £100. The money-lender's advertisement did not say, "£5 per cent, per atvnwu" Ho lent hie money at £5 per cent, per month, or £60 for £100, besides various fees and charges ! It was very foolish, the reader may say, for a woman ignorant of busi ness to have anything to do with money lenders without consulting some friend ) but such folly must be committed every day, or these advertisements would not constantly appear. Of. all the twenty advertisements, in a very respectable morning paper too, not one has the honesty to .. give the true amount of interest required for the loans. £5 per cent, is the false bait that brings tho silly fish to the book.— Leisim Neur. The Exeoution of Wilsir. — Tho Mount Alexander Mail gives some additional particulars of the execution of Wilkie at Castlemains, on Monday. ( On the scaffold the Rev., Mr Smeatpn jiaid- to. the condemned man, " 'NoWj James, have yon any more to say 5 remember,, you are on the borders of eternity ?' To. which Wilkie replied, ' I have nothing more to say, sir,' Bamford now came forward, and while adjusting the fatal cord, the prisoner turned his head sharply round as if in pain; but made no remark. The cap was then drawn over his face, and the customary shake hands having been attempted, but evidently refused on Wilkie's part, the bolt was drawn, and the living body fell with a heavy thud that was distinctly felt and heard throughout the building. The nervous twitching of the body for fully three minutes after the fall indicated plainly that death was not instantaneous, although all sensibility to pain must have ceased at once on the shock, The hang> man having compteted his hidSQUS workj 1 returned .'to- , Melbourne in the custody ol, | a warder of '.be MMu.m ne Gaol. Prior ! to his death Wilkie got one of the j prisoners to write out a ' statement, or j defence, which was designed for the j columns of The Argus, but was subse- I quently placed in the hands of Mr Colles, | lhe sheriff, along with a letter written by | the prisoner to his mother ; also his i watch and a few trinkets. An attempt i had been made by the Yen. Archdeacon j Crawford to obtain a postponement ' of j tho execution, on the ground that it was I unseemly that it shonld take place on a j Whit-Monday, but no. reply was received ! to the communication. Wilkie returned I his age as .28, having been born in ! Edinburgh in 1845. By religion he was | a Presbyterian." 