i ' I . NEW SOUTH WALES.. Sydney, Friday. \ The -Niagara ' claim, &fc; Hill End, ad joining the Frenchman's, on the north lead, has, struck excellent gold. Messrs Hixon and Tjeard's crushine of 188 tons of stone yielded 1522 ounces of gold without the blanketings. "Wangaratta Hospital. — A committee meeting took place at die town hall on last Wednesday afternoon- There were present Messrs D. B. Evsns (in the chair), and A. Wilson, Tone, Dunphy, and Johnston. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read from Mr Spearing, od account of the Wangaratta Concert Committee, submitting a proposal to give a series of four or more concei ts during the present year, for the benefit of the Wan garatta Hospital, subject to the approval of the committee, and with the hope that should the scheme prove successful, to confer (if the proceeds amounted to £20) a life governorship on any one the concert committee should appoint. The chairman alluded to the num ber of entertainments got up under the auspices of certain committees, and that were pecuniarily successful, but without the cash being given up. It would be advisable to ascertain from Mr Spearing the terms on which the concerts would be given. The members of committee might push the sale of tickets, but the proceeds might be swallowed up in expenses. He would be in favor of the hospital getting a certain sum of the gross receipts, and he considered one-half of the gross receipts should be given to the institu tion. Mr Tone moved, and Mr Dunphy seconded, that the president, and Messrs Wilson and Evans confer with Mr Spearing on the subject of quarterly concerts, which was carried. The report of the House Com mittee stated that they had examined the accounts, and found the cost of maintenance as low as it could be reduced. The house steward and matron were performing the work well, and ought to receive some assis tance for the still better keeping of the hos- nital in srood order. The collector's rp.nort was then placed before the committee. The report was adopted. Mr Tone moved, and Mr Dunphy seconded, that the House Com mittee employ additional hands at the hos pital, to assist the house steward and matron. The resolution was carried. The collector's report was as follows : — Cash in bank, £122 ; February collections, £34 ; collections owing, £80; temperance hall.xnoney, £50 ; - total,- £286. The collector was requested to get in all the money he could by the next meeting, and also to secure as many promises as pos sible, and to ask the Wangaratta Borough Council, and the North Ovens Shire Council for their yearly donations. The following accounts were passed for payment : — Wilson and McKiunon, £1 2s 6d; A. McKay and Co., 13s 6d ; Bichard Warren, £4 12s 6d ; Charles Stone, 10s ; Flynu Brothers, £1 2s Gd ; S. Norton, 12s 6d ; Wm. Dale, 3s 6 ; John Hall, £3 14s 3d ; Sam. Osboldston, £5 4s 3d ; Wm. Boyd, £1 7s 3d ; A. Wilson, £2 9s lid ; Geo. Chandler and Co., £11 10s id : James Catts. £18 14s 6d ; D. McGain, £5 15s 5d ; Mrs O'Neill, £4 6s 6d ; J. H. Tone, secretary, £7 ; do., collecting, £3 8s ; do., postage, 10s 9d. Mr Wilson said that Dr Hutchinson had re quested him to state that owing to his in creased duties, in conuectiou with his railway practice, he could only attend at the hospital four days in the week. Dr Hutcbiuson had suggested to him the appoiutment of another medical gentleman, and the salary halved. 1 t1>tp iviftffnv. wrnc r>T.n<. f/... J u -J lUttliUOJ. » tlO IC/lU U V 131 lOl bOUOhlCiuvlUU. A letter was read from Mr J. H. Tone, tender - ing his resignation as secretary and collector. The chairman and Mr Wilson expressed themselves as rather taken aback by the resignation, as it was quite unexpected. They were very sorry at the decision of Mr Tone, for the short time he had acted as secretary he had held the office very satis factorily. It was stated that the secretary was in no way dissatisfied with his situation, but that he had got a more lucrative appoint ment. The resignation was accepted. Mr Tcne promised to act until a successor was appointed. It was resolved to invite appli cations for the vacant office. The meeting then adjourned. Kutherglen Borough Council. — A meet ing of this council was held on Monday, the 11th March. Present : — The Mayor and Crs Mardling, Hamilton, Nott, Booth, Shenstoue, and Beeve. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and the following correspondence dealt witii : — f rom Messrs Turnbull and Gelliland, stating that they had spread the earth and formed the road in street according to instructions received, and asking for payment of the same. The work done to be inspected by the com mittee appointed by the council, and if found satisfactory the amount promised to.be paid. — From the Begistrar-General's office, Mel bourne, acknowledging receipt of the annual cfnficfii>nl rpfnvnt: of f.lio linvAnrrli fnr f.lia vflor 1871\. No answer required. — From Mr Smallman, clerk of petty sessions, enclosing 15s, moiety of fines for the month of Feb ruary, and asking for receipt. The receipt already forwarded. — On the motion of Cr Hamilton, seconded by Cr Shenstone, Mr Bobt. Briggs was appointed valuer for the borough for the present year on the same terms as last year. — The town clerk said that he had waited on the superintendent of police, Beecbworth, with reference to the removal of the mounted trooper stationed at Butherglen, and pointed out to him the great inconveni ence and injustice that would arise from such proceedings ; that one constable was not 'an adequate protection to the inhabitants of the borough and its surroundings. The reply was, that the mounted constable would be removed. The clerk was instructed to write to Mr Witt, M.L.A., stating that the council would strongly protest against such removal, and request -him to bring the matter before the proper authorities. — Cr Hamilton drew the attention of the council to the necessity of taking some steps towards the eradication of thistles. He thought that the present time was favorable for burning them off. Some discussion took place on the matter, and it was ultimately decided that a sum of money should be expended under the supervision of the Mayor and Cr Hamilton for the purpose of burning them off, or otherwise eradicating fl-iioflno flvn lirtmwlnvifls nf fnn linvmirrlt — The Mayor said that a few loads of gravel spread on certain places on the footpath would be necessary. Cr Hamilton moved, and Cr Beeve seconded, " That the gravel required be spread under the direction of the. mayor." — It was moved by Cr Shenstone, and seconded by Cr Nott, " That Mr J. F. Smith be appointed collector of statistics within the borough for the present year." Carried. — The following accounts were passed for payment ; — J. F. Smith, £1S lis 6d ; D. .G. Hamilton, kerosene, £2 5s Gd; Turnbull and Co., contract, £3. The council then adjourned. Police Pensions. — It must be regarded as satisfactory by the Victorian constabulary that the Chief Secretary has given unmistakeable assurances that on the re-assemblage of Par liament the long- desired legislation of the question of pensions to the police is to be passed into law, and it is ensy of conception that under the auspices of Mr Duffy, this long-vexed question is likely to '.be settled reasonably, and probably to the satisfaction ol -the police. -One feature in the, matter, taking- dime by'- the forelock, we think .. it well . to. remark, and should not be overlooked, which is one of the salient points "in the ' disposition of the matter, and that is,' by the regulations of 1855, the police were promised a pension for ten years service, and this without any conditions imposed, beyond the fact of having obtained a service for that period. To our .knowledge,' many have completed this term,- and nearly doubled it, and still have been unable to obtain pensions. Our suggestion is ainiply this, that whatever may be the pro visions of the proposed bill, that members who have acquired 15 and 20 years service, should become entitled to proportionate pensions should they desire to retire. We think further it might fairly be conceded where it might be preferred, a retiring member should have the option of churning a gratuity of say one months pay for each year's service, together with the good conduct pay due to him. It is idle to imagine that the police, by receiving pensions, are exceptionally favored. It must be borne in mind, pensions are ever .bestowed on public servants, and it is obvious that there can be no tenable argument adduced which could with justice deprive them of it, for, as the case stands, the Government up to the present have grossly. deceived them as ft body in this regard, which is politically wrbng, aild has already sown disaffection among its ranks, and most certainly, the many faithful servants, who have gone through a severe ordeal since 1852-3 to the present time in this colony, should now be placed on an equal footing with similar bodies in other parts of the world. We trust to see the old members, by the Embryo Act, able to retire in a short time hence on a fair pension or gratuity, should they so desire. Arrival op the English Mail. — As the letters by ihe K.M.S.S. Nubia were taken from Port Philip Heads to Sandrige on Thursday night, by the steamer Mystery, and as the Nubia herself anchored in Efobson's Bay about 9 o'clock yesterday morning, the letters for these districts will certainly arrive by the Melbourne coach to-day (Saturday), though, perhaps, at a somewhat late hour. The heavy portion of the mails may not reach here till to-morrow, and will be delivered on Monday. The Election for the Hujee. — There was a meeting on Wednesday evening (says a cor respondent) of the electors resident in Corowa and neighborhood, for the purpose of giving Mr G. Day an opportunity of explaining his political views. Abont one hundred persons were present, amongst whom were a number of gentlemen who had evidently come from Albury to support Mr Day. Bobert Brown, Esq., of Collendine, was appointed chairman, and, after a short but pithy speech, called upon Mr Day, who addressed the electors at some'lengtli, and afterwards replied to various questions. The meeting then became of a rather rowdy character, which, however, was gradually toned down ; when Mr Kochford moved, and Mr Edwards seconded, " That Mr Day was a fit and proper person to repre sent the district of the Hume in Parliament.', This was met by an amendment by Mr Willis, seconded by Mr Squires, " That, having heard Mr Day's views on the Land Bill, he is not a fit and proper person to represent the dis trict." The chairman declared the motion carried by a majority, which, of course, was considerably increased by the visitors from Albury. The election, which takes place to day, will result in the return of M'Laurin. A Strange Bcmor. — We have been in formed en what seems like good authority, though we cannot bring ourselves to believe that the statement is correct, that a clergy man in Beecbworth a very short time since, was requested to conduct the funeral of the deceased, only child of a resident in the neighborhood, and sent a reply conveying a distinct refusal unless lie was paid his fee beforehand. We sincerely trust that this allegation will be disproved, for it seems to us a horrible thing, and especially in a christian minister, to refuse the last sacred offices to the dead, and to wring the hearts of the bereaved parents at such a moment in order to make certain of a few paltry shillings. We make no further comment at present, hoping that the whole matter may turn out to be founded on misconception, but the in cident was mentioned to us so circumstantially that we should hold ourselves wanting in our public duty iu refraining from making re ference to it. Drunk. — At the Wangaratta police court on Wednesday last, John Callahan and John Kennedy were brought before Mr F. C. Michell, J.P., charged with being drunk. Has Worship rebuked the defendants, and dis charged them. Accident. — Mr James Neill was thrown tuice from his horse on Sunday last, while riding near his farm at Quat Quatta. He afterwards rode iuto Wahgunyah, when he ir»Cfme?K1<a f/nc/-»ma hi- irc TW RlirjVn- nel was called in to attend him, and he is now nearly convalescent. Bank Holiday. — St. Patrick's Day falling upon Sunday next, the following day, (Mon day) will be kept as a general holiday by the banks in Beechworth, Wangaratta and throughout the Ovens and Murray districts. Concert at Junction School No. 692, (Yackandandah). — We see that on Friday next 22nd instant, there is to be a grand entertainment at tnis school, which promises great attraction, including music by the Holliaters, the Stanley Fife and Dram Band, dancing, readings, recitations, and ten little niggers accompanied by three ghosts — surely a sufficiently varied bill of fare. Indigo United District Board. — This body held their usual fortnightly meeting on Thursday, when there were present the chairman (Mr B. J. Bartley), and Messrs Kilgour, Chenliall, Gilmour and Peel. The previous minutes having been read and con- nimeu, me luuowmg corresponueuce was dealt with. From the Boads and Bridges office, stating that the grant for flood damages would lapse if it were not paid before June 30\. This letter referred to Moloney's con tract at Tanner's crossing, which should have been finished before the end of last year. Moloney was present and informed the board that he had not yet been able to obtain suitable timber to finish the contract. Several members expressed their opinion that after the many notices given to Moloney to finish the' work, no more time should be allowed, and that the work should be finished at the contractor's risk. Mr Kilgour while, he cer tainly would never be in favor of giving any more contracts to Moloney, wonld yet give him another chance. A long discussion en sued, ivhen it was ultimately moved by Mr Ghennall, seconded by Mr Gilmour and carried, that the chairman and Mr Kilgour with the surveyor see that the bridge be com pleted forthwith, and that if the contractor Moloney is not prepared to go on with the work in a few days his contract shall be closed. A letter was read from the Chief Secretary's office, stating that a permanent lock-up at the Chiltern Police station would be provided for in this year's vote. From F. wiinams, osKing ior time to pay ins rates, on the strength of his having paid £30 12s 6d for licenses and rates during the last three mouths. The Board could not give any time, but ordered the letter to lie on the table. From Mr B. Brough Smyth, stating that the Government could give no definite promise as to a grant for a Chiltern water supply. From Mr Ferrier, calling the attention of the sur veyor to the daugerous state of the Skeleton bridge, Beechworth road ; this, being an urgent matter, had been attended to by the 'surveyor at a cost of £10 6s ; the surveyor had consulted one or two mem bers of the board, who approved of the action taken. It was objected, however, that work to so large an amount should be done without the sanction of the Board.- After a warm discussion, the amount was passed. Mr Arrowsmith was instructed to re- survey an allotment selected some time since by W. Lambert, a portion of it having been taken for the Alliance Reservoir reserve. From the Beechworth United Shire re-funding the amount of £3 re Mary. J. Youngtrotter a lunatic. Several circulars, acts, &c.;, from the Central Board of Health were ordered to lie on the table to next meeting. The following accounts were passed for payment : — A. McNeill, wages, £9 ; C. Brunn, repairing Skeleton bridge, £10 6s ; H. Sibley, repairing chairs, £1 7s 6d; J. Slocum, day labor, £1 Is ; A. Moffat, stationery, £1 Is 9d ; J. Bennett' repairs to clock &c.;, £1 Is ; Anderson and Sandilands, Melbourne, law expenses, £3 7s 6d'; W. Burns 10s. The accounts for water iised at the late fire and. rewards to water carters were -held over to next meeting. \- Lenders ior works on rxowiong atoaa, u. JLJrun n £47 15s; A. H. Gibson £59 17s; E. Bram- , stone £60 12s 6d. The -lowest tender was accepted. A\ petition was: read praying the board to ; divert storm water from its present channel through the town to one north' of Cquness-street. The board decided to inspect the. ground next .Wednesday. It was decided to call for tenders for clearing the road from Chiltern to Barnawartha and also to :the Upper Indigo. Tenders to be in by next meeting. The time of ordinary meetings was changed from 8 p.m. to 7 p:m. After receiv ing several reports from; the Surveyor as to the works in progress. The meeting ad journed. ' ; - ' Sale at Wangaratta This Day.— At noon to-day Mr A. Tone will sell by public auction at Michel l's- Royal Victoria. Hotel, Wanjga- . ratta, the freehold farm 'ofr 160 acres, at: pre sent occupied by Mr 5 D. Hourigau. On Thursday next Mr Tone has some important sales at Oxley, the particulars of wlijcli ap pear iu another column. Meeting at' Chiltern.— A 'meeting, heln at Chiltern a day ontwb "since, with a view' to taking steps.to raise.a fund for. the benefit of those' who suffered' serious josses' from the late'dis<istrous!ffre;'did noVturuout a' success,:' owing to the small attendance. , ; " Concert 'at ;El' Do'iUDO.'-eQur local corre: spondent writes (-AI have been requested by the members- of the : Church of England Com-" mittee to. draw attention to a concert in aid of -the church' funds,' which will come off early in the month of April. New blood has been: added to the committee, by the introduction of some energetic local men. This, added to the fact that some of the best- of the amateurs of Wangaratta will lend their valuable assis tance, places the success of the entertainment - beyond a doubt. - - Band of Hope Pic-nic at El Dorado. Or Wednesday last the annual pic-nic in con nection with the El Dorado Band of Hope took place. At about 12 o'clock noon, about two hundred children, preceded by the EI Dorado Brass Band, started from the Wes- leyan Church. After marching through the town, the party found themselves at a nice sequestered spot between the hills at the upper end of the township. Various amusing games were started by those in charge of the party, and at three o'clock a well-supplied lunch was partaken of by the children, and also by numbers of adults who had come out from town to share the enjoyment with the juveniles. The weather was rather boisterous during the afternoon ; and the dust was by no means scarce. However, this mattered little to the picnicians, and the pleasures of cricket, football, music, kiss-in- rings, &c.;, would have been enjoyed till evening had not the rain sent the whole party scampering off home at about five o'clock. The weather cleared up partly in the evening, when a public meetiu" was held in the Wesleyan Church, Mr Gentle in the chair. Addressed were delivered by the chairman, Mr Tredenick, and the Bev W. Burridge in the interests of total ab stinence; and various recitations and dialogues were rendered by the members of the Band of Hope. The children sang some excellent temperance melodies, in a very creditable manner, thanks to the care bestowed on their training by Mr James Anderson. The even ing was spent pleasantly and it is hoped pro fitably ; the collection was liberally responded to. Bright. — The Annual Sermons in connec tion with the Wesleyan Sunday School at Briuht. will be preached tomorrow momma and evening, by the Bev. J. Waterhouse, of Beechworth. " An address will be given by the same speaker, to the children and parents in the afternoon. On the Monday the Chil dren's pic-nic will be held, and doubtless the master will be as good as is usual on such occasions. In the evening,, a public meeting will be held in the Wesleyan Church when ad dresses will be delivered by the Revels. Messrs Waterhouse and Williams, and other gentle men. . Some arrangements are being made with reference to the delivery of a lecture, by Mr Waterhouse on the Tueday evening, hut the' subject of the discourse and the place of its delivery, are not yet sufficiently definite to enable us to give full particulars. The Steamship Great Britain. — This favorite noble vessel is onee more about to sail for the old country, as usual under the command of Captain Gray, L.N.R. Wednes day next the 20th instant is the day an nounced for her departure, and she will no doubt as usual carry a large number of pas sengers, and will attract the customary throng of friends and sightseers. Sale of Crown Lands at Beechworth.— A list of the town, suburban and country lots, which will be offered for sale at the Court House, Beechworth, on Tuesday morning next, will be found in another page. .DjcjjCj IiU VV UK 1 JfcL xitUbJt JcjOXJjN vj AbbU- CIATION. . . . An adjourned meeting of the promoters of this scheme was held last night at Vivian's Empire Hotel, Camp-street, there being Eearly 30 persons present. On the motion of Mr W. PEMBEBTON, jun., seconded by Mr VIVIAN, Mr Hickling was appointed chairman. £ The minutes of the previous meeting hav ing been read, the CHAIRMAN presented the report of the committee appointed on Monday evening last. It proposed that the capital- of the association should be £200 in 40 shares of £5 each, and suggested the fol lowing regulations for the constitution of the society : — The object of the Association being to employ two or three men in constantly pros pecting the ranges in the neighborhood for quartz reefs. The localities in which such i3 to be. carried on to he determined, and the distance from Beechworth to be limited by a committee to be appointed by the shareholders for the management of the affairs of the com pany. Each prospector to he paid 25s per week, and have l-4th share in whatever he discovers worth working, to be provided with tools in the first instance by the company — same to be kept in good order and repair by himself. The company not to cease operations for at least six months. Each shareholder to deposit with the chair man and treasurer his promissory note at 6 months for £5, to be held as security for pay ment of the weekly subscriptions until ma turity,, and to be returned to him when he has paid all calls as provided. Each - shareholder to get a receipt on a printed- form (to be provided) from the treasurer for his weekly payments (such receipts to . be evidence of payment on account of his promissory note as above.) Any shareholder wishing to retire after having subscribed for one month or more may do.so, on condition that his shareis taken up by any person approved of by the share holder?;. The. interest of any shareholder who is in arrears for calls for two successive weeks to be forfeited— notice to that efiect to be given when one week's payment is not made — and to be open to- the remaining shareholders by lot, prior to allotting it to a new shareholder. In the event of a reef being struck, the committee .to inspect and report upon the prospects to the shareholders, at a special meeting, who shall then instruct the commit tee how to act. The .shareholders to meet quarterly, unless specialh'. called together. The committee to meet fortnightly. Agreements between the company and prospectors employed to be drawn up, and signed by both parties, to prevent any future misunderstanding. Oh the motion of Mr W. PEMBEBTON, jun., seconded by Mr BOBINSON, the report was receiyed. Mr V1VJLAN supported the recommenda tions of. the report. It would be quite useless to prospect for a week or two. They must go on for a certain time. Mr LYON, as a; member of the committee, supported its recommendations. This was only one wedge that they were trying to in troduce, and they should do what they could, Mr PjEMBEETON thought that 40 half- crowns a week wonld he . just the thing. He moved that- ,the capital of the company be £200 in 40 shares of £5 each, to be paid up ncKixiy instalments or zs oa eacn, to uo paid every Saturday at some place to be ap pointed by,' the. treasurer. Seconded by Mr D. SINCLAIR; and carried. The clauses- were read over seriatim. In reference to the proposal that each shareholder should give a promissory note for security, Mr W. PEMBEBTON made the somewhat astonishing suggestion that' each .shareholder; should deposit a £5-note. Se conded by Mr ANSELL. Mr LYON strongly opposed the proposition as the veryobje'et of the Association was to I make use of small weekly subscriptions. "On the motion of Mr ViViAN, seconded by Mr A, C.,.PYPB, the clauses as recom mended by1 the committee were adopted, . whole .report was eventually adopted as pre sented. . . Moved:;hy Mr BOBINSON, seconded by Mr VIVJ AN and carried, that the committee ap pointed at last meeting be authorised to have a subscribers' list placed in some convenient place, for the signature of intending share holders,- and jre instructed to call a further meeting at which a committee of manage ment' shall be' ' appointed. It was understood that each subscriber would pay down the first weekly instalment of 2s 6d on signing his name, and alse that the list for signature would lie at Mr A. W. Foster's shop, . Ford-street, on Monday next. Ini ending subscribers had better make haste, as nearly thirty of the forty names required are already down. . The meeting then adjourned. 