MOlea GaOS1' t TO THE EDITOR OF THE GIPPSILANDS.HM.gs Sna,-To Mr West's request that 1 should make myself known, I reply that I do not feel called upon to gratify his curiosity, but he must be aware that un-. less I were known to you my letter would not have obtained insertion in your columns. He need not, however, think to escape me so easily as he may wish because of my non-compliance. To his second, and more reasonable re. quest, that a specific charge he made against him. I cheerfully aeceede; and I shall not imitate him in making an so cusation without being prepared to sub. stantiate the same; nor, when confronted, shall I show the white feather and sneak TIe whole question between Mr Wil liams and " Lactometer" West hinges upon the skill and veracity, or otherwise. of the latter. Now, I take it that it is not of the least consequence whether or not West isa most accomplished analyst, unless he be also worthy of credence. He has positively refused to submit his ability to any test, but nevertheless. wishes the public to take his word, unsupported by any secondary or cor roborative evidence when accusing a well. known individual of a mean fraud, which act is flatly denied by the accused who has also brought forward two or three. witnesses who support his statements. in refutation. (Mr Scott's so-called test was no test at all; and no one knows, this better than West himself, though it suits his purpose to make use of', it.) Now, who or what is this Mr West that the public are asked to believe him in preference to three or four agaiust him P I, for one, don't think he is one of whom it can be said "the ten commandments are stamped upon his. countenance." Well, since he will allow us no opportunity of testing his ability, let us see what about his credibility.. This, nolens volens, he must submit to. " Lactometer" West has always repre sented thathewasformerlyemployed at the Warrnambool Cheese Factoryasmanager' and for several months,variously stated as six, eight, and even twelve. (It is said that certain persons require good memo. rips.) Now, I am going to be " explicit." When Mr West states this, I charge him with deliberately saying that which is. false, and with seeking to deceive people thereby. Sir, he never was manager at the Warrnambool or any other factory, nor was he employed there for one month, much less several, in any caps city. Will he deny that he is tile self same John West who held an inferior situation, for a few days only, though, but who was "cleared out" in a very unceremonious manner-he knows why; so do I Now, what reliance, I ask, is to be placed on this man's word; and the foregoing may help us to judge of West's vast experience (P) in connection with cheese factories. I shall not at present enter into the reasons which led to Mr West's precipitate and undignified retire. mont from the "management" at Warr nambool. Having such delicate nerves, I think hommeopathie doses will be the beat treatment for his case. The asser tion that the Maffra Company is realising satisfactory prices for cheese no one will be more pleased to hear confirme? than I. Waiting with some curiosity to see how my old acquaintance will wriggle away from my "specifo charge." I remain, Sir, Yours, de., BURKE'S GHOST. Tinamba, 13th Jan., 1872. \- ,,m,• ,, . , , 