DEB EREISCHUTZ. The opera to be presented this evening is Weber's celebrated composition "Der JFreischutz," and we would recommend all who intend going to be in time for the overture, which is generally acknowledged to be one of Weber's masterpieces. The •music in it begins weirediy and finishes brilliantly, and throughout ihe opera is of that descriptive character of which Meyerbeer was also very fond. That in the incantation scene is marvellous, and has often been compared to the music in the last act of " The Huguenots." To place "Der Freischutz" on the stage as it ought to be placed would simply be impossible on so small a stage as that at the Mechanics' Institute, but Messrs Lyster and Co. have already shown us they intend to do all they can, during their present visit, to give as much pleasure as possible, and this evening we shall there fore look for many of the good scenic effects with which the opera abounds. The plot is by no means a difficult one to under stand. In Germany every town and vil lage ha3 its annual rifle match, and one of these is supposed to have jost taken place, the prize having been won by a young man named Kilian, who is in love with Anne, the sister of Agatha, the heroine of the piece. Agatha ds about to be married to another young man named Max, a ranger, who is dreadfully cut up at having shot so badly. Kilian is carried in triumph by the villagers who badger Max for his bad shooting. There is, however, an other fellow named Caspar, the evil .genius of the opera. This man is mauiy in love with Agatha,' whoj however, has treated his advances with scorn: Kilian, Max, and Caspar are shortly to compete for the situation of. head ranger to Prince Ottokar, the best shot to obtain the much coveted appointment. Caspar is in league with an evil spirit, named Zamiel, who resides in a most gloomy portion of a moun tain. "With the aid of this evil spirit he determines to avenge himself not only., on Agatha, for' rejecting him, but so arranges, as he thinks, that Max him self shall be the instrument of hi3 revenge. Max is disconsolate at having lost his unerring aim, and fears that he trill not be successful in the competition that is to take place for the head ranger ship. Whilst in this mood Caspar ap proaches, and tells him that he (Caspar) has also loved Agatha, hut loves her so much that he will sacrifice his own feelings to secure her happiness. He tells Max of the evil spirit Zamiel, who can so monld bullets that, using them, no man could miss his mark. As a proof he gives Max a bul let, and tells him to shoot at an eagle high in the air. Max refuses, as the eagle is only like a speck, and too. far distant; still, at Caspars command he fires, the eagle falls, and he is then told he has been firing with a magic bullet, hut that was the last one Caspar had got left. Eventually Max consents to accompany him to .the '• WolPs glen," where the evil spirit re sides, and get seven ballets made by him. Three years before Caspar had sold him self to the devil and his time was to be up on the following day, but he trusts to gain ' an extension of time by bringing a new victim in the person of Max. The latter hesitates a great deal and first goes to see Agatha, who wonders what keeps him so long away from her, and sings a beautiful " Before my eyes beheld him Sleep never was my foe," a sod sr - that is made ^the bravura song by nearly all sopranos. At last Max comes in, but his mind is uneasy, and his answers evasive. Agatha tries to persuade him not to go out again, but with no avail. Then comes the incantation scene, which opens by a chorus of invisible spirits. The clock strikes twelve, and Caspar is seen in the " Wolfs Glen," he strikes a skull and in vokes Zamiel to appear. A rock opens and Zamiel appears, and Caspar then asks for an extension of time, as before stated, tells him that he brings him another victim and asks for some of the magic balls, for Max, that strike beyond the clouds. Now, the peculiarity of these balls is "Sixshall achieve, - The seventh deceive." And Caspar a-ks Zamiel to guide the seventh bullet so that it may strike the bosom of Agatha, who would thus be shot by her betrothed. The boon is granted and Max appears on the rocks. He sees his mother's shade and' Agatha's ghost, trying to warn him away from the evil spot, but Caspar appeals to Zamiel for help, and Max, so influenced, descends the rock and joins. Caspar. Caspar then makes the seven bullets, and they leave the glen. The day for the competition arrives. In the presence of the prince, Eilian fires first, and hits the bull's-eye. Seeing this Max says, " As Kilian has hit the white, yon dove shall he my mark," and points to a dove fluttering in a tree at the extremity ot the scene. He fires, a piercing shriek is heard, and Agatha falls into the arms of Max. Caspar is delighted, he thinks that the bullet has done its evil worK, but no!—instead of deceiving Max as he intended it should, it deceives him self, and Zamiel comes for him, and is accused of not keeping his vow. Max then confesses to the Prince the (lreadfnl scene he went through, and Ottakar, exasperated, tells him to avoid his sight for ever, and declares he shall not marry Agatha. He is still in a towering rage when a Hermit enters, and upbraids him for presuming " An erring fellow mortal thu3 to doom." The Prince appreciates the rebuke, and allows the Hermit to decide what shall be done. Of course the Hermit is for mercy, tells Max to atone by penitence and prayer, and the whole winds np with Max and Agatha being united and a grand dwiWb 