MR DAVID BLAIR ON SPIRITISM. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. —Yours, &c.;, ZAX. Ballarat, 21st May. SIR, —There are several peculiar points I notice in Mr David Blair’s lecture on Spiritism, as reported in this day’s Star. In the first place he has a sort of whine, because such men as James Smith, Charles Bright, Leech, and others wont have anything to say to him, wont meet him to discuss the subject; and can we blame them? When Mr Blair learns to argue, speak, and write, in a logical manner, free from abuse, vituperation, and boastful arrogance, then he may expect gentlemen to meet him on a common plat form, but not till then. Again, I venture to point out that Mr Blair’s arguments are not over logical. He admits that in all ages there has been a belief in the supernatural. That the Bible itself proves nu merous cases of phenomena similar to those produced by modern Spiritists. And his seventh proposition is that “ Christianity admits the possibility of spiritual intercourse,” and yet in the next breath he asserts that Spiritism or the pos sibility of spiritual intercourse is an “exploded delusion,’-’ and then he resorts to abuse to hide his want of logic. Now, I remember some years ago hearing Mr Blair lecture in Geelong, the subject being, “A Plea for Ghosts,” in which besought to prove that man had communication with the spirit world, and he raked up all the ancient and modern stories of ghosts, apparitions, &c.;, he could find in history. His concluding remarks were—“ That al though he did not believe in the orthodox ghost in a white sheet, ho did believe and considered it proved that the Almighty had on many occasions, for reasons of his own, permitted departed spirits to appear to man.” One of Mr Blair’s chief arguments on that occasion in favor of this proposition was the fact that many years ago a man was hung in Sydney for mur der. The knowledge of ' the fact, and evidence of it, having been procured through the ap pearance of an apparition of the murdered man, known as “ Pisher’s ghost.” This fact could be proved, he said, from the annals of New South Wales history. Now, Sir, if it be proved so far as Mr Blair contends, is not the main fact as contended for by the Spiritists also proved, viz., that we can have communication with the spirit world. Put_aside all the balderdash of designing and ignorant Spiritist writers, which some people are so fond of quoting, as if it proved anything. Put aside all the contradictory stories, trickery, theology, and buffoonery of the pro fessional Spiritist medium, and say has not Mr Blair proved by his own words that there is a foundation at least of truth in Spiritism ? And if a foundation, then, I ask, why should there not be a superstructure? 