THE ROMANCE OF MADRONO HOLLOW. THE latch on the garden gate of the Fol- insbee Ranch clicked twice. The gate itself was so much in shadow that lovely night, that " old man Folinsbee, " sitting in his porch, could distinguish nothing but a tall white hat and beside it a few fluttering ribbons, under the pines that marked the ?entrance. Whether because of this fact, or that he considered a sufficient time had .elasped since the clicking of the latch for more positive disclosure, I do not know ; but after a few moments' hesitation he quietly laid aside his pipe and walked slowly down the winding path toward the gate. At the .Ceanothus Lodge he stopped and listened. There was not much to hear. The hat was saying to the ribbons that it was afine night, and remarking generally upon the clear out- line of the sierras against the blue-black sky. The ribbons, it so appeared, had admired this all the way hom e, and asked the hat if it had ever seen anything half so lovely as the moonlight on the summit ? The hat never had; it recalled some lovely night in the south in Alabama (" in the south in Ahla <bahm " was the way the old man heard it), but then there were other things that made this night seem so pleasant. The ribbons could not possibly conceive what the hat could be thinking about. At this point there was a pause, of which Mr. Folinsbee availed himself to walk very grimly and craunch ingly down the gravel-walk towards the gate. Then the hat was lifted, and disappeared in the shadow, and Mr. Folinsbee confronted only the half-foolish, half mischievous, but wholly pretty face of his daughter. It was afterwards known to Madrono Hollow that :sharp words passed between " Miss Jo " and the old man, and that the latter coupled the names of one Culpepper Starbottle and his -uncle, Colonel Starbottle, with certain un- complimentary epithets, and that Miss Jo retaliated sharply. «' Her father's blood .before her father's face boiled up and proved her truly of his race, " quoted the black- smith, who leaned towards the noble verse of Byron. " She saw the old man's bluff and raised him," was the directer comment of the college-bred masters. Meanwhile the subject of these animadversions proceeded -slowly along the road to a point where the Folinsbee mansion came in view-a long, narrow, white building, unpretentious, yet superior to its neighbour, and bearing some evidences of waste and refinement in the vines that clambered over its porch, in its French windows and white muslin curtains, that kept out the fierce California sun by day, and were now touched with silver in the .gracious moonlight. Culpepper leaned against the low fence and gazed long and ear- nestly at the building. Then the moonlight vanished ghost-lika from one of the windows, a material glow took its place, and a girlish ¡figure, holding a candle, drew the white curr ?tains together. Tn < 'ulp.epppr ft was a vestal virgin standing before a hallowed shrine ; to the prosaic observer I fear it was only a fair haired young woman, whose wicked black I eyes still shone with unfilial warmth. How- beit, when the figure had disappeared he stepped out briskly into the moonlight of the high road. Here he took off his distinguishing hat to wipe his foi ehead, and the moon shone full upon his face. It was not an unprepossess- ing one, albeit a trifle too thin and lank and bilious to be altogether pleasant. The cheek- bones prominent, and the black eyes sunken in their orbits. Straight black hair fell slant- wise off a high but narrow forehead, and swept part of a hollow cheek. A long black moustache followed the perpendicular curves of his mouth. It was on the whole a serious, even Quixotic face, but at times it was re- lieved by a rare smile of such tender, and even pathetic sweetness, that Miss Jo is re- ported to have said that, if it would only last through the ceremony, she would have married its possessor on the spot. " I once told him so, " added that shameless young woman; "but the man instantly fell into a settled melancholy, and hasn't smiled since." A half-mile below the Folinsbee Ranch the white road dipped and was crossed by a trail that ran through Madrono Hollow. Perhaps because it was a near cut off to the settle- ment, perhaps for some less practical reason, Culpepper took this trail, and in a few moments stood among the rarely beautful trees that gave their name to the valley. Even in that uncertain light the weird beauty of these harlequin masqueraders was ap- parent ; their red trunks-a blush in the moonlight, a deep blood stain in the shadow -stood out against the silvery green foliage. It was as if Nature in some gracious moment had here caught and crystallised the gipsy memories of the transplanted Spaniard, to cheer him in his lonely exile. As Culpepper entered the grove he heard loud voices. As he turned towards a clump of trees a figure, so bizarre and characteristic that it might have been a resident Daphne-a figure over- dressed in crimsan silk and lace, with bare brown arms and shoulders, and a wreath of honeysuckle- stepped out of the shadow. It was followed by a man. Culpepper started. To come to the point briefly, he recognised in the man the.features of his respected uncle, Colonel Starbottle ; in the female, a lady who may be briefly described as one possessing absolutely no claim to an introduction to the polite reader. To hurry over equally un- pleasant details, both were evidently under the influence of liquor. From the excited conversation that ensued, Culpepper gathered that some insult had been put upon the lady at a public ball which she had attended that evening ; that the colonel, her escort, had failed to resent it with the sanguinary com- pleteness which she desired. I regret that, even in a liberal age, I may not record the exact and even picturesque language in which this was conveyed to their hearers. Enough that at the close of a fiery peroration with feminine inconsistency she flew at the gallant colonel, and would have visited her delayed vengence upon his luckless head, butfrom the'promptinterference of Culpepper. Thwarted in this, she threw herself upon the ground, and then into unpicturesque hysterics. There was a fine moral lesson, not only in this grotesque performance of a sex, which cannot afford to be grotesque but in the ludicrous concern with which it inspired the two men. Culpepper, to whom woman was more or less angelic, was pained and sym- pathetic ; the colonel to whom she was more or less improper, was exceedingly terrified and embarrassed. * * * It was a bright morning, a week after this occurrence, that Miss Jo Folinsbee stepped from her garden into the road. This time the latch did not click, as she- cautiously closed the gate behind her. After a moment's irresolution, which would have been awkward but that it was charmingly employed, after the manner of her sex, in adjusting a bow under a dimpled but rather prominent chin, and in pulling down the fingers of a neatly-fitting glove, she tripped toward the settlement. Small wonder that a passing teamster drove his six mules into the way- side ditch and imperilled his load, to keep the dust from her spotless garments ; small wonder that the " Lightning Express" with- held its speed and flash to let her pass, and that the expressman, who had never been known to exchange more than rapid mono- syllables with his fellowman, gazed after her with breathless admiration. For she was certainly attractive. In a country where the ornamental sex followed the example oi youthful nature, and were prone to overdress and glaring efflorescence, Miss Jo's simple and tasteful raiment added much to the physical charm of, if it did not actually suggest a sentiment, to her presence. It is said that Euçhre-deck Billy, working in the gulch at the crossing, never saw Miss Folinsbee pass but that he always remarked apologetically to his partner,, that " he believed he must write a letter home." Ever Bill Masters, who saw her in Paris presented to the favorable criticism of that mos1 fastidious man, the late Emperor, said thal she was stunning, but a big discount on what she was at Madrono Hollow. It was still early morninsr, but the sun, with Cali- fornian extravagance, had already begun tc \- beat hotly on the little chip hat and bluf ribbons, and Miss Jo was obliged to seek th( shade of a by-path. Here she received the advances of a vagabond yellow dog graciously until, emboldened by his success, he insistec on accompanying her, and, becoming slobber ingly demonstrative, threatened her spotlesi skirt with his dusty paws, when she drovi him from her with some slight acerbity, am a stone which haply fell within fifty feet o its destined mark. Having thus proved he ability to defend herself, with characteristic inconsistency she took a small panic, and gathering her white skirts in one hand, an( holding the brim of her hat over her eyes with the other, she ran swiftly at least a hundred yards before she stopped. Then she began picking some ferns and a few wild fl 'Wers still spared to the withered fields, and then a sudden distrust of her small ankles ; seized her, and she inspected them narrowly for those bm rs and bugs and snakes which ai e supposed to lie in wait tor helpless womanhood. Then she plucked some golden heads of wild oats, and with a sudden inspiration placed them in her black hair, and then came quite unconsciously upon the trail leading to Madrono Hollow. Here she hesitated. Before her ran the little trail, vanishing at last into the bosky depths below. The sun was very hot. She must be very far from home. Why should she not rest awhile under the shade of a madrono? Sie answered these questions hy going there at once. After thoroughly exploring the grove, and satisfying herself that it contained no other living human creature, she sat down under one of the largest trees, with a satisfac- tory little sigh. Miss Jo loved the madrono. It was a cleanly tree ; no dust ever lay upon its varnished leaves; its immaculate shade never was known to harbor grub or insect. She looked up at the rosy arms interlocked and arched above her head. She looked down at the delicate ferns and cryptogams at her feet. Something glittered at the root of the tree. She picked it up ; it was a bracelet. She examined it carefully for cipher or inscription ; there was none. She could not resist a natural desire to clasp it on her arm, and to survey it from that advantageous view-point. This absorbed her attention for some moments ; and when she looked up again she beheld at a little dis- tance Culpepper Starbottle. He was standing where he had halted, with instinctive delicacy, on first discovering her. Indeed, he had even deliberated whether he ought not to go away without disturbing her. But some fascination held him to the spot. Wonderful power of humanity ! Far beyond jutted an outlying spur of the sierra, vast, compact, and silent; scarcely a hundred yards away a league-long chasm dropped its sheer walls of granite a thousand feet. On every side rose up the serried ranks of pine trees, in whose close-set files centuries of storm and change had wrought no breach. ' Yet all this seemed to Culpeppertohavebeenplannedbyan all-wise Providence as the natural background to the figure of a pretty girl in a yellow dress. Although Miss Jo had confidently expected to meet Culpepper somewhere in her ramble, now that he came upon her suddenly, she felt disappointed and embarrassed. His manner, too, was more than usually grave and serious, and more than ever seemed to jar upon that audacious levity which was this giddy girl's power and security in a society where all feeling was dangerous. As he approached her she rose to her feet, but almost before she knew it he had taken her hand and drawn her to a seat beside him. This was not what Miss Jo had expected, but nothing is so difficult to predicate as the exact preliminaries of a declaration of love. What did Culpepper say ? . Nothing, I fear, that will add anything to the wisdom of the reader-nothing, I fear, that Miss Jo had not heard substanially from other lips before. But there was a certain conviction, firespeed, and fury in the manner that was deliciously novel to the young lady. It was certainly something to be courted in the nineteenth century with all the passion and extravagance of the sixteenth ; it was something to hear, amid the slang of a frontier society, the language of knight errantry poured into her ear by this lantern-jawed, darkbrowed descendant of .the .Cavaliers. I do not know that there was anything more in .it. The facts, however, go to show that at a certain point Miss Jo drooped her glove, and that in recovering it Culpepper possessed himself first of her hand and then her lips. When they stood up to go Culpepper had hir arm round her waist, and her black hair with its sheaf of golden oats rested against the breast-pocket of his coat. But even then I do not think her fancy was entirely captive. She took a certain satisfaction in this demonstration of Culpepper's sp 1 endid height, and mentally compared it with a former flame, one Lieutenant M'Mirk, and active but under- sized Hector, who subsequently fell a victim to the incautiously composed and monotonous beverages of a frontier garrison. Nor was she so much pre-occupied but that her quick eyes, even while absorbing Culpepper's glances, were yet able to detect, at a distance, the figure of a man approaching. In an instant she slipped out of Culpepper's arm, and whipping her hands behind her, said "There's that horrid man!" Culpepper looked up and beheld his respected uncle, panting and blowing over the hill. His brow contracted a3 he turned to Miss Jo, " You don't like my uncle !" " I hate him !'' Miss Jo was recovering her ready tongue. Culpepper blushed. He would have liked to enter upon some details of the colonel's pedi- gree and exploits, but there was not time. He only smiled sadly. The smile melted Miss Jo. She held out her hand quickly, and said with even more than her usual effrontery, " Don't let that man get you into any trouble. Take care of yourself, dear, and don't let anything happen to you." Miss Jo intended this speech to be pathetic ; the tenure of life among her lovers had hitherto been very unceilain. Culpepper turned towards her, but she had already vanished in the thicket. The colonel came up panting. " I have looked all over town for you, and be dashed to you, sir. Who was that with you ?" "A lady." (Culpepper never lied, but he was discreet.) " Look yar, Culp, I've spotted the man who gave the order to put j me off the floor (' flo' was what the colonel said) the other ni»ht!" "Who was it?" asked Culpepper listlessly. "Jack Folins- bee." "Who?" »-Why, :h& son of that dashed nigger-worshipping, psalm-singing Puritan Yankee. " What's the matter, now ?" "Look yar, Culp, 3ou ain't going back on your blood, are ye? you ain't goin' back on your word ? Ye ain't goin' down at the feet of this trash, like a whipped hound?" Cul- pepper was silent. He was very Avhite. Presently he looked up and said quietly, " No. " Culpepper Starbottle had challenged Jack Folinsbee, and the challenge was accepted. The cause alleged was the expelling of Culpepper's uncle from the floor of the Assembly Ball by the order of Folins- bee. This much Madrono Hollow knew and could swear to ; but there were other strange rumours afloat, of which the blacksmith was an able expounder. " You see. gentlemen," he said to the crowd gathered around his anvil, " I ain't got no theory of this affair, I only give a few facts as have come to my knowledge. Culpepper and Jack meets quite accidental like iu Bob's saloon. Jack goes up to Culpepper and says, ' A word with you.' Culpepper bows and steps aside in this way, Jack standing about here. (The blacksmith demonstrates the position of the parties Avith two old horseshoes on the anvil.) Jack pulls a bracelet from his pocket and says,' Do you know that bracelet ?' Cul- pepper says, «T do not,' quite cool-like and ea«y. Jack says, 'You gave it to my sister,' Culpepper says, still copi as you please, 'I did not.' Jack says, 'You lie,' and draws her derringer." Culpepper jumps forward about here (reference is made to the diagram) and Jack fires. Nobody hit. It's a mighty cur'o's thing, gentlemen," > continued the blacksmith, dropping suddenly into the abstract, and leaning meditatively on his anvil-" it's a mighty cur'o's thing that nobody gets hit so often. You and me empties our revolvers sociably at each other over a little game, and the room full and nobody gets hit ! That's Avhat gets me." " Never mind, Thompson," chimed in Bill Masters, "there's another and a better world Avhere Ave shall know all that and-become better shots. Go on Avith your story." * * To a spectator from the hill, impressed Avith the picnic suggestion, Avhat might have been the popping of two champagne corks broke the stillness. Culpepper had fired in the air. . Colonel Starbottle uttered a low curse. Jack Folinsbee sulkily demanded another shot. Again the parties stood opposed to each other. Again the Avord Avas given, and Avhat seemed to be the simultaneous report of both pistols rose upon the air. But after an interval of a few seconds all Avere surprised to see Cul- pepper sloAvly raise his unexploded weapon and fire it harmlessly above his head. Then throwing the pistol upon the ground, he Avalked to a tree and leaned silently against it. Jack Folinsbee flew into a paroxysm of fury. Colonel Starbottle raved and swore. Mr. Bungstarter Avas properly shocked at their conduct. " Really, gentlemen, if Mr. Culpepper Starbottle declines another shot, I do not see how we can proceeds" But the colonel's blood Avas up, and Jack Folinsbee Avas equally implacable. A hurried consul- tation ensued, which ended by Colonel Star- bottle taking his nephew's place as principal, Bill Masters acting as second, vice Mr. Bung starter, Avho declined all further connection Avith tlie affair. Two distinct reports ran through the HOIIOAV. Jack Folinsbee dropped his smoking pistol, took a step foi Avar d and then dropped heavily upon his face. In a mo- ment the surgeon was athis side. The confusion was heightened by the trampling of hoofs, and the voice of the blacksmith bidding them flee for their lives before the coming stoim. A moment more and the ground cleared, and the surgeon, looking up.beheld only the white face of Culpepper bending over him. "Can you 8avehim?" "I cannot say. Hold up his head a moment, Avhile I run to thebuggy." Culpepper passed his arm tenderly around the neck of the insensiole man. Presently the surgeon returned with some stimulants. " There, that will do, Mr. Starbottle, thank you. NOAV my advice is to get away from here while you can. I'll look out for Folinsbee. Do you hear ? " Culpepper's arm Avas still round the neck of his late foe, but his head had drooped and fallen on the wounded man's shoulder. The surgeon looked down and catching sight of his face, stooped and lifted him gently in his arms. He opened his coat and Avaiscoat. There Avas blood upon his shirt, and a bullet-hole in his breast. He had been shot unto death at the first fire.-From the Atlantic Monthly. A lady %vho, though in the autumn of life, had not lost all dreams of its spring, said to Jerrold, " I cannot imagine what makes my head turn grey. I sometimes fancy it must; be the essence of rosemary with Avhich my maid is in the habit of brushing it. What do you think ? " I should be afraid, madam, " replied the distinguished dramatist dryly, " that it is the essence of thyme." 