PERE JEAN, OR THE JESUIT MISSIONARY. a catholic story founded on facts. From tlie United States Catholic Magazine.' Chapter IX. — The Council. ( Continued from our last.) Father Laval remained some time ab sorbed in prayer after all the sounds without had died away. Of a strong and enduring frame, and used to hardships, lie had already recovered from the effects of me long anct p;unmi marcn mrougn tne forest, while the novice, though much im proved, still suffered severely from his labors. The Hurons, all along, aware that their chief was hovering about them, knew that any attempt at rescue was of too doubtful result for them to rest a hope upon, and prepared themselves still more, every hour, for that final and fatal trial which impended over them. At length they gave themselves up to slumber with cheerful hearts, trusting in the goodness and mercy of God. . ' With morning began the preparations for the council. The sullen countenances of those who had shaved over night in the debauch, boded ill for the prisoners. Manv a scowling and savage laok was cast upon them. A little after noon came the depu tation from the neighbouring village : it was small, composed of but two or three braves, the greater portion of the success ful warriors having gone out with their share of the plunder towards Fort Orange to exchange it for powder, lead, rum, and other articles of traffic. The deputies were received with much pomp and ceremony, and regaled with the best fare that the vil lage contained. They were then conducted to the council lodge, where the proceedings were opened with great state and solem- nitjr. The elder and most distinguished braves formed themselves in a circle in the centre of the lodge ; beyond them sat the less notable of the tribe. Each one, as ho entered, took his seat in order ; profound silence reigned throughout the assemblage. At length the old chief arrived — the calu met was passed around—and, at a sign from Kiodego, as a mark of honor, the brave who had commanded the successful warposts arose to address them. His voice, a,t first low, swelled out as he pro ceeded, and his gesture became animated and picturesque. A robe, of light skins was fastened around his waist and fell below his thigh ; a collar, of the claws of the wild bear, hung around his neck.ja snake skin encircled his arm, and the fea thers of the wild eagle adorned his head. His face was hideously painted. Streaks of black and red were drawn from his ears towards his mouth, while a broad band of vermillion extended across his forehead and over his eyes. As he spoke he pointed towards the prisoners, and at length sin gled out the Jesuit. " Why has he come from his far land, from the bones of his fathers, across the great water, to the hunting grounds of the red men V His people have settled down among our brothers in the north, and lo 1 they have made them women ! They have turned the Hurons to dogs, made them for sake the Great Spirit, and join with the pale face in battle against their own kind and color ! The blackrobe is a medicine ; he speaks, and warriors weep ; the Hurons are liis slaves ; he is a great medicine. What shall be the fate of the pale face ?" The chief sat down, and a silence of a few minutes' duration ensued. It was broken at; length /by a warrior. ,>vlio: said : ; ."Lethim die ! Kiohba's voice is that the pale face (tie at tliestiikei His enchant-. raerits:ihave ; destroyed the Hurons, » have ; driven t law, ay the . ; buffalo : and, - t bounding deer. . ;His , people have swept ' clown the beautiful forests oil the great river. Kioliba haS! seen him inake that ; sign upon his forehead, which our white brothers of Fort Orange ,tell us is a, folly and a wickedness — a! sorcery.' If the chiefs' ' spare the : pale face, lie ' will < soften / the hearts of . the Irpcpiois and weaken their ams t in . battle, and they, will fall before his people, and become slaves, like the 'Hurons! The pale: fa'ce'imnstidiei" v . r-- - ; i- Several . of. .the, warriors. . . nodded their head, in silent approval of the speech of' V tkebraye?'" : : "Let us keep the' great" medicine," said one whO- had not .been ,of, the war party, but yriio ,liad listened with wonder to the reported crinversioriS of the jpririst. " Let us koep him in the tribe.' - Let Us make him our. brother, and give .liita;, the. first ripe, corn and. the( fattest of the deer j. Let us buildhiin a lodge, and ' his heart will love the' MohdWk people, ' he will strengthen theirarms and protect their villages ! i A smile pf scorn, played upon the lips of Kioliba, as lie replied : " My brother1 is a cutiriing counsellor p he is: wise r and bravo at .the c'pprifal fire;!,' Does he, .need a great, medicine to strengthen his courage? Kioliba fears1 not the 'medicine?' He has met 'the Hurbft arid Vthef French tin battle, c The. pjde!.fa\'W8t-di9.'. ... .Other -syarriors now arose, someesp6us:. ing ' oiie eicle and "some the other! : ' The dispute grow warm', when Kiodego inter-- posed-:--, „> ....j. ; .. . -My. brothers !" he said, " it lias been deinanded; why the blackrobe cairie into our j latfd, ' aiid; why die goes far/into- ; the Tyifdernpss yyith the Hurons, scatteriqg;his Bpells upon his path.. Let th'e .pale, face ainiswer! 1Uhhihdifiim,: ahd lead liim for- W ird?'i - A young-warrior i hastened to - re- leise the- Jesuit, and assisted liim into, the cjj$e.;..T' , ,„!'. / Speak, Tulhasaga ! " rsa!id the Old chief coldly;. as if he -had as yet heard nothing' from; the priest concerning . the. object of his mission. " Speak ! ' Wliy corriest thbu : tri'bur -land' ? What- dost thbu seek if Father LaYahbowedhiSihead .for a mo-; mentan prayer,; and then Replied.: ! " Chief, I seek souls-; I came to do the work1 1 of my' Master ; I cairie to preach another. faith in; this jliiiidv To- teach; aiid; instmpt.the ignorant. My mission is one of peace; it. .is with the souls of men, and . not;1 their bodies! ' T w'6uld-;ieach ;them' to calm i their: ipassions; I to : cast but, -the spirit of i evil, . from . .tlieir. hearts ; tg walk ?in .. the . path of Justice and of virtue, /if cai'dver tttb'iitdMy'-wiilfafo'-bear-'tli; tidings !of theiGokpel to the i heathen,: and to, plant theflioly cross in the wilderness. Y.ou ask, with wliat object' I was going far' into tlxe weSfc. 'I whs' about to ; seek new converts to the cross, t But,: chief,"-— arid the voice of the.inissio;nary sryelled put into its ful lest ' and most musical tones, - entrancing tlie'-'ear ' of ' the' Savage.' - 'His' form Was lifted- up, and; liis hands outstretched be fore hjm;. . But, chief, . the jGhreut, Spirit, in , his /wisdom, liiis willed' "it ' otherwise. Ffbiii" hi'y 'path I. to the- Huron" country he Jjasi turned my . steps towards, the Alohawk yillagesand .here, Q chief, in captivity. submissive to the will 'of my divine Master, I1 'preach "Christ tb' tlie Iroqiiois ; I preach Christ crucified;? listen <tp ;me ! " , -Deep exclamations / broke ..from . the astonished council? buV iliey awaited' in' ' : patifehce! m YoU: are in' darkness,1 1 bring you light;; receive.. it I " ; And he told, thein how Grod jbad created the, wpridt. and man the lord of all of the fall !; of thie redemptioii of the' ileiv' Gospel ; of the' commission to! his apostles- and . tjiir -successors, to go. forth and . " teach all: nations, baptizing them in the namo of' the Father, atid' of the Son, 4md ' of the Holy Ghost ; " how that com- miflsion hadbepn sealed by.mir.icles ; ,how the- blind,, saw,: the, lame "walked, and the dead! were raised to life again." ' And their lie painted before tlibir e!yes, iiii glowing colors, ;the: -joys r of heaven- which, were, re-, seryed .- for those .who should believe in : 'him, and love and' seirve liim, and the- fear-, "fiil tPrments whichi. the all-just G"d. des- -tiiieil i for these i; who . shpuld reject . and disobey, his commandB. A gleam of .wild "joy broke1 from ' tliie eyes of tlie Huroii,' as 'they' 'looked upon; the; astonished Mo- < jhawks, while. the Jesuit continued " This . . .is the religion wliich I preach ; . these are . tliie glad -tidings1 which I bring you ; and it lis to announce this Gospel: ta the cliildren of the wilderness, that I . have come from ; the rjand, of ,tbe east. The : Great Spirit speaks it to you by my moutn ; listen; aud believe!" ; Fa the 1' ; Layal .concluded, ;-.an,d silence reigned for a time throughout the lodge. At length Kiodego addressed him : .: ;v ; >:,i" > My ; brother '.has spoken ? ,\Vell, - ;he is iryvisel-iBut.- (lie tells a etrange tale; how , shah we believe' him ?" l" He' speaks with' a forked tongue," Said v Kioliba " he is a liar ! " ? ; . , ' -i / " We . are . satisfied with our own God," exclaimed . another— the wairigbd— Wa- cohdah.' : Tlie; God of the great medicine ilias made cowards of the Hurons ; , the God bf .thb Mohawks atrengthcus the arms of his .children ; in. battle; , The Mohawks want not the God of the pale face." And then the clamour for his death became; louder, while .-the advocates, not, of mercy,; but. of delay for, expediency, were silenced. The fate of the good priest seemed already sealed. ' Without further- delay; a Mo hawk approached him, . and,, at a. signal from the chief, compelled him to kneel, and . began to paint his head and' face. Then 'a; shout of joy broke from' the crowd without ;: .for. it: was the mark: of. death upon, the victfm, and they revelled, already in antici pation of the torture. At' that moment a slight movement was ihade' ill- the crowd; around the ; door,; : it: swayed for\yavd. and backward, and then gave way, leaving aii opening into the centre of the circle. Lean ing upon a warrior, Kiskepila, weak and tottering,- with: his, bandages still ;upon. his . . woun.is, .pressed fprward!.througli.tlie p'asr sage. The eye'of tfe. youbg' chief fell' upon ' tlie group ib tlie centre! 1 An- exclamation- burst from - his lips. .. With the mighty energy of a strong spirit lie rose from the arm that supported his weak fovnr and strode alone into the circle; With/ one- hand he cast aside the Mohawk; the other he rested upon the brow of the priest. A death-like 'stillness re gned upoii the scene ; n6t a hand was raised te arrest his course ; not;a voice 'was. uplifted against him. Sur- . prise held all men silent, while the flashing eye of the 37oung warrior 'turner!- from face : to : face: " Kiskepila is a chief," said, tlie , 3'qung- eagle of his .tribe, "who will oppose liim? The Hurons liavO fl'ed heforb the arm' of Kiskepila ! Shall lie have 110 voice in the councils of ; the . tribe , ? . And he , placed the other band above the head of the kneeling priest. " Sliiill lie' be Oileiit when 'tiie" boaster is heard?" and lie pointed to Kiohba. " Kiskepila asks the chiefs an,d braves, ,to spare the. pale face." He looked around for a .reply— there waft noiie. At; length Kioliba'said1 coldly : - : -/' The chiefs and, jbraves .liaye.sppken;. tlie, pale face, must die. See! the death paint is upon liis brow." With, a look' of scorn the young maii turned 'away from the - speaker and glanced once more , aroppd tlie circle. The features nf fbo aihovn Mnbfl.wltR wp.vp. hnmoved : tliev WerO riknt; ' ' Kiohba was triumphing. . My' brothers ! " said Kiskepila, his; eye lighting up again with indignation, ": my brothers, ! Kiskepila was wbiinded and' fainting, and dying upon the field of battle ; and the pale -face bathed liis lips . and boimd, ibis. wounds. Kiskepila owes a life , to the pale face, and he will repay it. ' Let Kioliba 'show the mark of a Huron on bis breast,: or , the scalp, of, a f.ie at liis girdle," ..ThOi Indian replied not. The eyes of tlie old men turned" "Upon 'the 'Jesuit, ahel, with an' exclamation of wonder, tliey looked to the- chief of "the ,war party for confirraatjipn qf a story to .theni so strange. ,"Tlie words, of The young eagle 'are . time," 'lie said ; ' the1 ipale- face bound up the wounds of Kiskepila he.saved his life. The hlackrobe. was a dove .upon the field of battle— a dovh aihbrig tlie eagles." : ' Silence iigain : ensued, i The Jesuit, wrapped, in prayer, ? scarcp ; heeded . . the scene around, him ; but.eyer and anon the bright eye of Lelbiip would gleam upon him! as, with head bent forward j the Huron listened, with int, rest, to the words of the young Mohawk chief. . " ; ' "'Tlie , bouiicii : have " spoken' ! ":l i Bixid! Kiohba again, fearful that- a change might take.place in ,the ppiuipus of tbe warriors, some of whom seemed to lean towards tlie young' chief ; Kit the council liave spoken ; the "pale face ; must' die! It. is "right; for the spells of the- hlackrobe are upon . the heart of' Kiskepila ; he. liasTnade.a Huron of the Mohawk?' " ' ; r : a .You , lie; » dog !.? exclaimed the ; young chief., fiercely. ?i " Tiio tongue of Kiohba i's'not forked,": 'said the btliei% coldly, feeling the advan tage which he/was gaining, , through: the generous .impetuosity . of , liis .opponent, " Let tlie chiefs'. look : Kiskepila' could not walk alone tb: the' council lo'dge ; aud see ! he stands, as: if lie : had nb:; wounds upon .him.;, it ifirtue spell of the pale, face medi cine. .Tlie' hlackrobe : mueit ' die, " or the warrioi's will 'become AvomOh ! " ! : ' The old men- shook; their heads, as they lpoked; upon; the upright and noble figure of the young brave, while : the baiitlages we're still fresh,' as it: were; aipoh' ' deep ; and : dangerous . wounds. It -was. ». the.; energy, of the spirit,. not of tlie. flesli,. that sustained the cliief. - The eyes "of Kiohba gleamed with joy, as lie saw1 the impression lie had \- made. The young anan again , spoke, but in a loiver and sterner tone : . # " Kiskepila owes the pale faeb'a life'; he shall not' die !u Kiskepila will adopt liim as his brother,, in place., Of ;lnm wlio is .dead,.: -He; demands the pale, face for his, 'brbtliei1!" ' Kioliba smiled gnmly, a:s he/ replied, pointingto the old chief: ".The, father may. demand the prisoner, to adopt liim as liis. son.' liet the cliief speak y will lie take to ' his lodge the sorcerer, whb has changed the heart of the young eagle who was once the truest of the Mc hawks ? " Absorbed in anxious ' expectation, the young brave; heeded notthe1 taunt. The old man .was silent for a moment, then raising liis head, replied, firmly : " Kiskepila was a warrior, a Mphawk, He has taken a Huron heart. The pale face lias told'liim' strange tales! and lie has heard. ; The blackgowii-is a sorcerey. -The father, of Kiskepila wili,hpt claim bim let liim die ! T Jie head of the young' chief 'sable upon liis breast, and he ;was silent.' '' " He must: die ! " re-echoed Kioliba, and,, tauntingly, continued . : " He tells you that liis God raised the dead to life ; why db'bs he" hot call1 up The great Champlain from- the :tomb. to' protect . his ; people ? Let us... see . whether. , his God will . save the pale face, when the flames shall glo vf and' curl around his white limbs !" / - " You demand of me a miracle ! " Father Layai replied gently ;(i ".you call on .my. God to raise the dead. He has done so ; he can do 'it 'again! He- lias :opeiiCd the silent tomb,: and bid the , dead arise - and, come forth, glowing with life, , and health, and energy ; and he ii'as done this at' tlie prayer of liis lioiy servants'.'' T am but his humble follower. What right, have you to demand from the, God who made you a . sigu and a miracle in testimbhy ? Yours is not tlie prayer of the willing;; it is the scoff of the hater." ; : . .; .. . The indignant voice of the Jesuit ceased. ! After a pause of some moments aiiLnfiiah approached, ; and finished painting-his head, aud face,. It was The, sign of Tiual con demnation, and was received with' exulta-' tioiv by maiiy yet tliere'wer'e -liot a -.few' whb began I to , entertain an increased7 dread- pf .what fUey; ima,gined, to be his power. .But .the faeiing'.of ' the 'cohncil was excited!' although "that assemblage still retained ' its : calm and grave aspect; and, with/but little., delay. the novice and the Hurons. were also condemned to. the torture.. Father Laval,; Lelo'up! and two btlier Hurons were s to suffer 011 The morrow, in frout ,of the couiir cil, lodge, while JEtene Bourdoise and, the three remaining Hurons were , to be ' tor tured at the otlief village. The prisoners received their: doom 'calmly, the Hurons. lpoking .coldly on the/preparations, which were begun at once, to' carry/out the"sen- tence of;the council; which then- broke up. . .-"When Kiskepila j found -all his :effurts, fruitless, he took the arm of the warrior, who had assisted1 liim to The' spot, for liis strength began to fail very rapidly; and. in silence, returned to his : tent, ; determined not to. look, upon sufferings, which he could not prevent or' alleviate. Morning Flower awaited sadly the termination !of the coun cil, .and wept over the late of The black- gown ; but she recalled to memory the beaittifulTesBohs of patience Avliiclr lie. bad . taught her, and suppressed the mahifesta- tipn of lier grief., .. .: :// : ./ :i- , rrhe. Huron., messenger of. Ahasistari struck directly' through the forest in tlie direction bf the' plaee where tlib' braves were supposed to lie. concealed. : The; stars wore shining iii the clear heavens, and ,an occasibnal glancb at' their sparkling bibs served to guide liis path. Up over lull and steep 'ascent, over swamp, and morass went .the swift Indian, at his lbping trot, .tireless, never pausing. Midnight came, a'Ul the runner still pressed on ; his =mo- ' casined feet, springing, yet lightly from tlie soft turf, ; as lie bounded oil. Darkness melted slowly into , the 'grky of' morn, aiicl morning brightened! into: 'day; and ; yet tlie Huron .speeded on. : At leiigthihet paused upon the summit of a little, hill. At -its foot,' clear and pellucia, flowed a 'gentle "stream. - But ub trace could- lie discover of iany living : tlung upon its -banks, or 111. its , urro'finding. forest, . - A . mbmeut more his eye scanned' the wood, and 'theii'deBceiided to The water's -edge.'/ As 'lie leakied- upou liis rifle," he; carefull3r observed . the:. current rflowing . by him,- till. ,his gaze seeme 1 rivet- 'ecV.by si) floating twig,' with green Te'aVes upon rAii'; eddy whirled1 it -r in towards . the shqre,;and. lie' drew :it towardsjlum witli the butt (>f his rifle. The fractiiyeuf the brMic.h was "fresh, ;and it wfts 'evidently torn? not" VbitteU olf. 1 Swinging- his' rifle -ihtoi - the hollo w ! ,6t: liis-; , arfii,/ ; the . rnnner , turned, directly up the stream, t iking care to leave lib tracks behind liim. ' For sbine Time lie proceeded 011 liis' - course, -still .casting/ an i occasional, glance at . the . forest ai'ouudjiim, and on the ground before him, . watching for the marks of a trail. 'Sud denly' he paused? and looked 'intently upon the ground, and then stopped .down; to examine the surface mored closety. ... " Hugil! pale face!" lie exclaimed.' ' ' 1 The step1 wad > turned fr om the stream ; ; treiiding cautiously/ so a;s not to obliterate . tlie trail. He followed it back to the water's" edge? and' " examined the ' biislies 'which grew there ; they were 1 of the same - kind. as; the branch which lie , held ; in his liandi Falling into the trail, , he. traced it up' tlie liill? along the summit of which it ran. 1 At length a low whistling struck upon lus ear, anil lie pausea t.o listen ; ana - then crept 011 more cautipusly:.. At the "foot of "a large tree; on an elevated' /spot! 'from' which- an' extensive sweep1 - of the- forest, . facipg .towards the Mohawk village,, was visible, sat the figure of a white man, hold-, iiig 1 iii' liis liand a/ large rough bx-hbrn, which he was busily engaged: in shaping' into -a powderiiorm. .Every now and tlien he compared it with the one which was slung at' his side, aud then renewed his labors. Suddenly a; new "idea seemed to-, strike' him ; and,, putting it, to liis mouth,, lie gave a blast, which made the Huron start with surprise. Then he began at once to shape the small openirig into some"-' thing like a mouthpiece? At last lie seemed . satisfied, and putting it to his -lips, sounded it again. /!'!. ; i /J/ y;..-- ...s iTo.boi Continued. J 