TTTi: CELEBRATED ( ! \ PTAIN KIDD. I _ THU correspondent of tho Jvoiu York Tribune who writes thu interesting articles entit'ed " .Summer Hauiits," which occasionally appear in that papor, relate» some particulars respecting Captain Kiihl which have a certain interest. The paper »Iso con- tains other curious details respecting carly occurrences in America. Tho writer Bays : - I liavo been walking over tho hills and through the heautiful valleys of tho Nnrragnnsotts, whom two cen- turies and a half ago tho red men belonging to tho triho whoso name alono is loft to toll of their exigence were tho manor lords. I havo found the pince full of romance and tradition, and tho inevitable and essen- tially requisito shoat story is not wanting. 1 ha»o stood upon thu spot whero tho "great swamp fight" of 1075 toole place, which was a fatuj hattie for thu Narra gansotts. Canonchot, tho laut chief of a hravo nation, whoso father was Mlantonotni-after whom Afr. Gideon Welles named a monitor - being tnken hy the whites and condemned to death, exhibited a grandeur of character which induced a chronicler of cotomporary times to say that some "old Koman ghost possessed tho body of this Western pagan Uko an Attilius Regulus." " I Uko it well," paid Cauonchet, when tola of tho sentonco, *' that I shall dio before uiy heart grows soft, aud I havo said anything unworthy of myself." I have stood upon ground which has been pressed hy tho feet'of tho pirato Kidd, who was a familiar of this neighbourhood ., his places of resort lire stillshown, and I numerous holes in tho gronnd of " Wilson's Wonda" and elsewhere, dug hy credulous searchers after his hid I don treasures, are still visible. A few years ago a sword I hilt was dug up in afield nctir the "pier," on which wus engraved tho nemo of Artemus Gould, who WUH ona of Kidd's lieutenants. Twenty- eight of his crew were bung 011 ono gallows nt Newport a three-cornered gullnwH and two of tho carpenters who had helped lo build tho gallows wera afterwards lum tr fur murdering their wives, Kidd's men wore buried below hiirh- wnterinurlt ou tho beach nt Goat island, and within the memory of tho older inhabitants hero nomo of tho collins were cast up by tho action of tho son, mid tho stiele ton» exposed. Newport was once n great resort for pirates aud slave trndcra, nail it was to tlioir lawlers chieftains that the fumons ballad of Captain Kidd-a strange compound of doggerel nnd wild, rngged pathos-was addressed : O ye captains, bravo and hold, hciir our erle*, hear nur cric*. O yo oaptalns, bruvu and hulil, hear our eric : [ Oyocaptulns, bravo un il held, though ye xtom »ll minmi . trolled, Do not, for the sake uf gold, In*e ymir *<niK lose your soul«. My name iva« Kotiert Kidd, » hen 1 nailed, « lieu I nulled, My name was Robert Kidd, Qrid'u laws 1 did forbid. And su wickedly I did, when I sailed. Anil further on : I'd a lllblo In my hand, when I sailed, win n I «ailed. I'd a Bible lu my hand, hy my lather's awi command, ! Aud I sunk lt in tho sand, wlieu I sailed. (I quoto from memory, and aro uot probably pur- , fectly correct.) Then I'vo scon the spot whern was horn Gen. Nathaniel Groene, of EcTolutionury me- mory. It is about four miles away ; and within the sumo distunco was born Gilbert Stuart, whoso great painting of Washington is historio. Now, it was al ter this mannor that Gilbert Stuart caine to he born ju Nurragausott. About 125 years ugo, a gentleman came hithor from Scotland, by name Moffatt, nnd bj profes- sion n physician. Dr. MolTiilt, however, could not mahu his way among tho plain Quakers, who, at that time, constituted tho larger portiou of thc iuhr.- j bitauts. Ho W«B loamed, but not popular. h'o, tobacco hoing a product here, Dr. Moffatt took to itH cultivation, aud bethought him to build a snuff-mill ; but ho could lind no one hero competent to construct tho building. He, therefore, wrote to Scot- land, und procured tho services of n millwright, by narao Gilbert Stuart, who built the mill according to his desires-the first iu New tíngland. Gilbert soon married Miss Elizabeth Anthony, the daughter of a well-to-do farmer; and of this murringo cuino Gilbert Charles Stuart, tho painter, so christened ; bnt who, however, in afterlife, subscribed himself Gilburt Stuart, omitting his iniddicnnme. The house in which he was horn still stands. Nenr tho summit of Tower Hill, a milo from tho pier, Htaiiils a littlo building in whieh George Foi, tho founder of tho sect of Friends, or "Quakers," luis moro Hum ouco preached, lt is upon the old post-roud between Boston aud Philadelphia. Formerly this was tho chief highway botweeu New England and the South, over which thcru wu« once a vast deni of travel ; and _ it is not very startling perhaps i o observo that this road has been . traversed by Wash- ington and Franklin. Aud then' ure tombstones in the old huryiug.grouud, near by, which havo stood tho assaults of time for two centuries aud i»oro. And a mile or so distant fruin the building and burial-place just montiouod, is a stone act in one of tho | fences-nenrly all tho fences in this pin t of Nnrragnu sett aro built of " niggerhead stones" . which bears iu rudo figures tho dato 1711. Now this dato commeino-i rates a. murder of so curious a character, committed ut that spot, in that year, that 1 give you tin- story " as 'twas told me." About 1740, Carter was captain of ii VCSBCI iu thc coasting trado that sailed out of Newport. Ho encountered a dreadful storm off the coast of South Carolina, and his vessel was wrecked. But. Cu ter and his crew oscapod with their lives ; aud Curter himself started on foot for his homo in Newport. After a day or two he was overtaken hy Jackson - a North Caro- linian-who was on horseback, with a bundle of fnrs strapped to tho horn of his saddle, liound for Newport, Rhode Island, to mako salo of his furs, Think of it : 700 or 800 miles on horseback to sell 200 dollars, or ¡100 dollars^ worth of furs ! What a journoy ! But I won't moralize. Jackson, with genuine hospitality, see iug Carter's condition, and loaming his destination, propelled to make him a companion, and alternate riding aud walking with him j to which, of course. Carter gladly conscntod. So thc two jogged on together, nnd iu mid-winter, in tho afternoon, came to thc homo of Mrs. Coombs, a widow, who entertained them hospitably, and scut them on their way. It was a moonlight night; ¡ snow on tho ground-for it was un old-fashioned ! winter - and bitter cold, when Carter and Jackson j reached tho summit of Tower Hill, in sight of Newport. Jackson was on horseback, it hoing his turn to ride. Carter stooped do wu aud picked up a stone. Jackson said, " I hope you aro not going to kill me." But Car- ' ter struck him from tho horse, and Jackson, though ' somewhat stunned, started to run. At that point of tho stone wall where the date "1741" is inscribed. Carter ovortook poor Jackson and killed him. Thon he dragged tho body down Tower Hill to a pond at the foot of it, and finding a hole in thc ico, thrust tho body of tho hapless, goncrous Jackson through it, into tho water beneath ; and, taking tho doad man's horso and furs, pursued his wny into Nowport. This purni is about 300 rods to tho north-west of tho hnuso in which Gover- nor Spraguo now lives. I Time passed ot). 'Hie spring opened, nud Hom« negroes '.vent to fish in tho pond iu which Jackson's body wns sunk. Ono of tho hooks got entangled in the clothing, and thc body was dragged to land. At that time there was a considerable settlement on Tower Hill, and court was in session there, and primitive Ithodo Islanders hnd congregated from forty miles around. _ Ono of tho negroes gave the alarm. The court adjourned, and judges, lawycs, nnd spectators hastened to see the dead-among others, Mrs. Coombs. This gooil lady recognised Jackson by a button she had sowed upon Ins vost when ho nnd Carter wer« al her house in the winter. Tho sheriff went to Newport, and arrested the murderer while caressing his child. He confessed the crime, and described tho circumstances of il, and was hung and gibbotted near tho spot whore tho cruel murder was committed. Hut enough. All about hero ore nuts for tho curious. Tho locality is full of interest, aud a visit hero may always bc amply repaid. 