PLANCH ETTA. No. VI. (Circle consists of Mesdames A., B., G, and the Widow D.) WIDOW D.—Ask it if we couldn't possibly be taken off to them in the same way? . • Mrs. A—Would it be decent, though ? What on earth would we ever do if it came on to blow when we were crossing the Block on the table. . . Ghost,—Quite so, and besides I'm not a wicked spirit. Widow D.—But dear Ghost, you wouldn't think it wicked to reunite separated married couples ? . Ghost.—Wouldn't I, indeed? In the flesh I was once married myself, and I have known what it was to get away from home for a day or two. No, no, those poor fellows shall have their Christmas dinner in peace. Mrs. B.—But you'll surely take them a message? Ghost—They are just now en rapport, with us. Every word of yours is reported to them by special spiritistic telegraph as soon a-s spoken. Mrs. B.—B., darling, will you come home? B. (per favor of spiritistic telegraph).—see you hanged first. Mrs. B. (to her friends J—As great a brute as ever ! (To lum)— Ah! darling, I'm so lonely. Do come home, like a good boy. B.—Faith it's a silly boy I'd be if I left this wine and company to go home to you and six children. Ghosts, bring me no more domestic telegrams. rn . , Mrs. A.—A., dear, won't you come home and eat your Christmas dinner with me? Remember, this is our wedding day. A. (via telegraph).—So fear of my forgetting it, when you nag about it every'day for a month beforehand, to make sure of your usual present. Mrs. A. (to her friends).—Aggravating wretch ! That's the way he turns off everything. (To him)—Bo come, darling. 1 can't bear the idea of sitting* down to a lonely dinner on such a day. A.—Certainly not; I'd be very sorry to let you. Ask all those women to dinner, and tell them not to wait for us. Mrs. A—Will you tell me where I'm to send for the parlor table? A.—That table is where I am, and if you knew where that was you'd quickly have me back. As my editorial friend on the right would say—Application declined with thanks. Mrs. C.—C., I know you always loved me. C.—If that certainty makes you happy, I'd be sorry to disturb the illusion. Yes. continue to believe it. • Mrs. C.—I'm going to put your !ove to the test. C.—Fire away. home, and all will be forgotten and for- I'd better speak her fair. I must go Nothing would charm me more, but un- '"otbiug to the wontingness of the others, e back by yourself ? hing with me to pay my way. 'dress, and I'll send you whatever you down, each with a bottle in his hand, prepared to brain me if I say a word. Widow D.—You gentlemen will have your jokes. But you really should come home to your wives, you know. Stranger.—Whom are you addressing, madam ? Widow D.—All of you, of course. Stranger.—I'd like to see who it is that's speaking to me. Widow D.—Nothing easier. Bring your friends home, aod all their wives will make you welcome. You'd meet me then. Stranger.—They'd rather stay away a little longer. But I've got an idea. A friend of the editor's has just pined us—by name, J. S. He can make the spirits do anything—turn him into a Carib Indian, an African negro, or the first human remove from a Hindoo buffaloo. J. S., old boy, will you oblige me by changing yourself into the Widow D. ? J. S.—The higher intelligences, that are subject to my will, object to my making an old woman of myself (Widow D. —parenthetically—Old woman, indeed ! Brute!) J. S.—For fear I'd grow enamoured of the form, and pass in that shape into the spirit world, but in the interests of this new and glorious revelation I will gratify you. Attending spirits, transform me into the semblance of Widow D. Strauger' '(kneeling to J. S.)—Beautiful creature, dropped down from Heaven, or sprung up from elsewhere among us, surely never lighted on this orb, which you scarcely seem to touch, a more delightful vision. Cheering and decorating the elevated sphere in which you have just begun to move Ed. A.—Take care, take care, my friend, You forget I'm here. No cribbing. Stranger.—Lovely being, grant the prayer of your slave. Be mine, and all I have shall be thine. I will watch over you, guard you, protect, love, honor and cherish. J. S. (lang it it hi ngh/).—B ut. sir, are your intentions honorable ? I have, alas 1 no mamma to speak for me ! Do you propose to marry me? Stranger.—Now—to-day—this instant. J. S. (ceasing to be the Widow D.)—You would ? Strauger (springing from his knees).—Yile wretch, witch, no, wizard I mean—why trifle thus with the affections of an honest man ? Why mock me with the sight of a face beautiful enough for Heaven, and let me fancy that it might be mine, to dash me down to earth again with the sight of thine ? J. S. (sadly).—'Twas ever thus from childhood's hour. All my best efforts for ameliorating the condition of mankind are met with scorn and obloquy) Kuowest thou not, Stranger, that I assumed the form of the Widow D. but in answer to thy own request. Stranger.—Forgive me, I knew not what I said. If there be such a being on the earth's surface, if you have not evolved her, like an elephant, out of the depths of your own interior consciousness, you have made me the happiest of men, for you have given me an object in life—the.finding Widow D., and the making her my wife. 