SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BREADSTUFF SURPLUSES. (South Australian Register, January 15.) THE obvious fact that whether this season's wheast yield falls some bushels below the average or not, we shall have a considerable surplus for export lends special importance at the present time to the question of what markets are likely to be open to us during the ooming twelve months. In former years such a consideration created little anxiety, as our superfluous stocks were readily absorbed by the neighboring colonies, but the progress of onltivation has put a different complexion on the matter. Instead of the colonial require ments keeping pace with South Aus tralia's extending supply, the increase of production has been accompanied by a_ contracting demand. Australian pro v^aeae which were previously customers arsr now competitors, and the problem of how to dispose of our cereals becomes yearly more perplexing. A glance at the export returns for 1871, as compared with those for say 1866, will show the increas ing difficulties of the wheat trade. Dealers, instead of shipping off their thousands of tons toTaJtocia, are compelled to watch the course of prices in some score or two of localities, and get rid of their supplies piecemeal. Mel bourne, it is true, is still credited with helping materially to Jelieve the pressure of stocks in this colony, but much of what she receives is either used to displace on equal quantity of her own grain, or is re-exported without going into consumption at all. New South Wales and \- Queensland are dependent upon us to a cer tain extent, but Victoria and New Zraland are likely to prove strong competitors with us there, especially during the current year, as they have been blessed with good harvests and must needs find an outlet for their surpluses. For the rest we have succeeded in obtaining customers in all parts of the world with which we have business relations, and in some where the quality of our breadstuff* is our sole intro duction ; but, as bas been long anticipated, our main reliance for the future must necessarily be Great Britain and other large markets equally remote from us. In discussing the question of how best to make away with our surplus breadstuff*, it is gratifying to know that we have very little old stock on hand. Although beginning the year 1871 with an exportable aggregate of about 115,000 tons, it may fairly be esti mated that we have not now more 12,000 or 13,000 tons, litttle more than sufficient to provide for a month's ship ments, upon hand. Up to the end of the year close upon 103,000 tons had been sent away, and tbia in the face of the fact that freight was vexatiously scarce, and that extra ordinarily high rates had to be submitted to for charters to England. Had shipping been plen tiful and charges moderate the new year would have been begun with all but empty granaries, for the demand at home has been steady and prices fairly remunerative, notwithstanding the want of concert between local sellers and ship pers, whioh had the effect in some instances of compelling the latter to give an exorbitant figure for the quantities they required to enable them to fulfil promptly their engagements with Tassels. If, as we have so frequently advocated, an arrangement oould be come to for shipment on the joint account of capitalist and producers, the trade would not be hampered by sudden advances in price consequent upon some special requirement. Under the existing system the shipper and the grower instead of working har moniously strive to over-reach one another, and as a result both suffer serious loss. Bo sooner does the one come into the market to excute orders than the others runs up the price beyond the limit to which his instructions permit him to go, and of course the opportunity for easing the market is lost. We hope that during this year more satisfactory arrangements for the ex portation of produce will be made, and that no time will be lost in preliminaries. The latest news to hand gives ground for the belief that cargoes sent on early in the year will realise full rates. The fact that some doubt has thrown upon our latest telegraphic quotations of 6Ss. a quarter by the receipt of messages counter manding order for purchase at a lower limit, does not negative the strong evidenoe at our disposal that at all events moderately high prioes will rule during the next seven or eight months. It is well known that the 1871 harvest in Great Britain was materially under the avenge, and instead of this being compensated for by higher yields on the Continent, other European coun tries far outrival England in misfortune. In Germany there has been a marked deficiency ; Saxony, Westphalia, and Bhineland being returned as forty per cent, under the average. Denmark, Sweden, and Norway have been favored with good crops, but their surpluses are trifling as compared with the necessities of 1 obligations to meet. The demands of France, for instance, will be peculiarly argent Non official reports of the crops throughout the French Departments, ooUeeted with great care, indicate that the home supply will fall below the ordinary consumption of 803,000,000 bushels by 88,000,000 bushels. This reduced to tons of floor reprtsenta a stock'oomparod with whieA oar entire surplus will be as a mere drop in the bucket. It is thought that the scarcity of breadstuff's will cause the French peasantry to resort to an unusual extent to the consumption of rye, buckwheat, and other inferior grains. But after all, this will go bat a short way to wards making np the enormous deficiency. Depress the import requirements of France to the lowest possible figure, and there will still remain a discrepancy between supply and de mand almost as great as that which Great Britain has annually to provide for. The con sequence must be that an active competition will prevail where heretofore England has had it all her own .way. Shippers in the United States and in Russia will have French and Eng lish markets to choose between, and South Aus tralia will profit by the advanced prices which this extraordinary demand will neces sarily encourage. Although therefore Victoria, partly through the extent of her home produc tion and partly through her selfish policy of protection, is virtually closed to us; although the exigencies of New South Wales, Queens land, and other customer* near our own doors are likely to be less rather than greater than usual, the outlook for our farmers this year is by no means disheartening. In the markets of Great Britain and France they will find place for a far larger surplus of breadstuff* than they are likely to be encumbered with as the result of the harvest just reaped. It is important, how ever, that no undue jealousy between groweis and shippers should be allowed to retard the dispatch of vessels. Cargoes dispatched dur ing the next few weeks will probably secure satisfactory rates, but it is too much to predict that the present .high quotations at home will continue beyond July or August nexj. Drma foe the Wbxokkd Ship Uhdsblbt. —The greater portion of the cargo of the Underley having been got out and conveyed to Portsmouth, every effort has been made to pump the water out and to stop suoh leaks as it has been possible to reach. Two tugs recently suc ceeded in polling her stern round some 45 degrees, after which a third and powerful tug, the Grinder, made an effort to pull the vessel's head off shore. After a considerable time the , vessel moved about four feet. From the fact that at high tide the vessel rose and fell with the swell, both bj head and also the stern/it would appear that there are rooks or other sea ward impediments to her being got off until she is considerably lighter. After the tugs left the vessel, as the tide went out she fell over to sea ward, and the engineer and workmen were ordered ashore. It has since transpired that the vessel has parted amidships. Colonial experience is sometimes of a lively description. A contemporary says :—" Mr. Marsh, a son of the late Mr. Marsh, of Salis bury, arrived in Inverell on Sunday evening, after having met with an adventure of some what dangerous nature. On arriving at the crossing place on the M'lntyre River, about three miles from Inverell, on the Annidale-road, the young man found the stream running very rapidly. Feeling that to ford the river would prove a difficult undertaking, he threw off his two ooits, and leaving them on the left bank, boldly rode his horse into the stream. While crossing, he deemed it prudent to throw him self from the horse, and struck out for the right bank, which he safely reached. The horse getting among some oaks lower down, young Marsh, with the greatest pluck, immediately sprang into the river, and, swimming up to the horse, caught the bridle reins, and again succeeded in reaching the right bank, drawing his horse after him. He then, leaving bis coats on the opposite bank, came into Inverell. On Monday be rode to the spot, swam across the river, and secured the two ooats." Thi Ballarat Miner says:—" Another of the Chinese lepers, named Tom Caw, was found dead in bis bed on Sunday morning by Sergeant Lamer. This unfortunate man was one of those who first took up their abode at Clayton Hill, and has been a recipient of relief from the Government and the benevolent asylum for the last four years. There are now three lepers at the camp. They receive an allowance of five shillings per week each from the benevolent asylum, and are supplied by the Government with rice, tea, sugar, wood, water, candles, matches, opium, and ointment. Bach one of the unfortunates lives in a comfortable wooden hut These were built at the expense of the benevolent asylum, some months ago. The hot weather has the effect of making the disease from which these men suffer much worse, and two of the lepers cannot live much longer. They are all nearly blind and have lost the use of their hands and feet. In this age of experi ment and inquiry, it is strange that these wretched lepers should linger and die in a country where there are hundreds of medical men who know next to nothing of the disease, and pronounce it incurable." A stbavge case of elopement recently came before the Majorca Police-court, in the shape, of a charge of larceny preferred by Alexander Rogers against James Taylor. The prosecutor's evidence, as reported in the Maryborough Ad vertiser, was that his wife became acquainted with the prisoner some months ago, having met him at church. 9ome time afterwards witness suspected him of being too intimate with Mrs. Rogers, and at times complained of his coming so often to the house. After this he came to borrow a " maul and wedges," but there were some suspicions circumstance . connected with the visit. Ultimately Mrs. Taylor left home, taking some articles with her which were subse quently found in a house occupied by her and the prisoner at Maryborough. Tl>e wife, who was called for the defence, stated that her hus band had at times cruelly ill-used her. A day or two before she left home she sent her children out of the way, and then asked her husband to come and speak with her quietly for a minute. She then said (in her own wards) "'Alex, I intend to put an end to this misery in a day or two at most.' He said, ' Very well.' I asked him if he was agreeabl* that 1 should take three of the children with me, naming those that I was going to take—Margaret, John, and Elizabeth. He said he was quite agreeable that I should take the four. I said I could not take the four just now, but I would send for the other afterwards. I said, 'Are you agreeable that I should take the things belonging to me in the house ?' He said, • Quite agreeable. Name what belongs to you.* I mentioned all the things that belonged to me that my sister's money bought, and he was quite agreeable that I should take them. I said to my husband, ' This is the last time we shall ever meet.' He laid, ' All right. As long as you are well I shall never trouble you.' 1 left the house at 11 o'clock, about three hours after my boxes went away by the carman." At the end of a long hearing the bench considered that a case for a higher court had been made out, and sent the prisoner for trial, taking bail for his appearance. A SIBOTirBST paper, the Independent, at January 16, says:—" One hundred and seventy one in the sun is a novelty, but the new appa j ratus registered the figures, and Mr. Joseph j guarantees them. The heat as registered yes terday, was 171 degrees, but it seems a peculiar state of atmosphere. Away towards Carpen taria, in tbe Paroo, kangaroo dogs have been known to lie down and die through the heat, and there is an authenticated story of the late Mr. M'lntyre and some of his friends cooking fritters in a pan placed upon the sand, but tbe glass there only reached 145 degrees. Without discussing the 171 degrees point, it haa to be admitted that yesterday was a terrible day, the heat being almost beyond endurance.** A latb meeting of shareholders of the Vic torian Woollen Company, aa reported by the Geelong Advertiser, appears to have had a some what stormy conclusion. First, one of the share holders roundly abused a director because he happened to hold only a few shares, and yet pocketed a pleasant income from the directory. The richest scene was between the manager and one of the directors, the former cxmsidering that his honesty had been assailed, and the latter asserting that he had earned the dislike of tbe manager through a letter that had no offensive application. The manager waa accused of having shown favor to a carpenter, while the director was charged with having employed bis own son st the factory. There waa mach uproar oecMioned by some of the shareholders taking an active interest ia the dispute, which grew last and tattoos. Mm. CanamiOß has disoomod that the Maoris consume tobacco, and usJortufistsry lor themeeivas, spirits also t likewise that they are large consumers of blankets. The hoe. gentle man (says ths Hamks's Bag paper) aught have added that oar brethren are large buyers of another dutiable article—white hats. No Maori back in Napier or Aueklaad ooniidsrs his toilet complete without one. Of saddlery and slop dothing, too, the Maoris purehaes largely, though in Napier, where so large a proportion of the natives are in receipt of regular incomes from the rent of land, many of them have gone a step beyond slops. As the Hon. Augustus de Boots drives his mail phaeton to Pool's, aad spends an afternoon in ordering coats, so the genuine Maori swell of the period, with a white hat on his curly head, a Sower ia his button hole, a cigar in his mouth, and driving his pair horse buggy, drives to the local store to be measured for his suit. Thb DayUsford Mercury reports the occur rence of a death under singular circumstances at the hospital:— HBarly in the evening a stranger brought a sick man on a dray to the institution, and, without a word of explanation, drove off. Seeing the patient was very ill, Dr. i Maseey, with the aid of the wardsmao, carried | him in, and the resident surgeon, after feeling ihe pulse of the sufferer, ordered some brandy to be given him. Before, however, it could be administered, he grew rapidly worse, and in fire minutes from the time or bis arrival expired. Mounted-constable Pries was then sent f?r, and recognised the dead man as one he had seen working in Bullarook Forest. On searching his swag, Price found a letter from Dr. Roche, of Bullarook township, requesting the resident surgeon to receive the deceased. The swag also contained a letter from the dead man's brother, John Dooley, dated Foxbrough (Queen's County, Ireland), 11th June, 1871, addressed to Pat Dooley, Bungaree. Further search of the bundle brought to light eighteen sovereigns, a £1 note, and 9s. 2id. in silver and copper. There were also a deposit receipt from the Bank of Victoria, Melbourne, for £115 15s^ and another from the same bank, Threadneedle street, London, for £40. Wb regret to learn (says the Melbourne Herald of January 15) that the illness under which poor King, the explorer, has so long labored terminated fatally this morning at 7 o'clock. It is not necessary to do more than recall the fact that the deceased, who had long served with the army in India, and had seen good service there, was selected by Mr. Burke to form one of his expedition to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and was again chosen to be one of the little parry of four—Burke, Wills, King, and Gray—whom he led from Cooper's Creek across the continent to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and back again to the creek. How Gray died by the way, how Burke and Wins were starved to death almost within hail of the party re treating from the creek, and how King, the only survivor, waa found and rescued by Howitt, on his searching expedition, after having lived for months with the friendly blacks, is well known. King's constitution was thoroughly broken down by his sufferings, and he never afterwards enjoyed even tolerable health. By the bounty of the State, he was placed in possession of moderate wealth. He died where he spent the later years of his life, at Bt. Hilda, of con sumption. And so ends the history of the Burke Expedition. Ik Victoria the Casterton aad Sandford Baby Show came off in due course on New Year's Day, and the scene is described by the Hamilton Spectator: —"On the stage waa a long line of chairs, on which were seated mothers and their infanta, also a few relations aad friends, besides the Committee of Matrons, who looked tremen dously knowing. Conspicuously waa placed one of the prises, a handsome perambulator, and alongside of it an armchair of the Elizabethan period, but who this was really intended for did not transpire. Sometimes it was occupied by the * Chief Justice,' and at other times by a mother whose child was undergoing aa examina tion by the Committee of Matrons. The first prize for babies under six months' old was tho perambulator, and after a long debate on the part of the she-judges, it was awarded to Mrs. Livock, whose infant daughter was duly declared to be the best of No. 1 Exhibitors. The debate amongst the matrons waa considerably aug mented by an examination into the quantity of underclothes, stated to have added very con siderable weight to one infant. A second debate now took place aa to whose child was entitled to prise No. 2—for chicks from six to nine months old. The arguments were quite to the point, but as every mother appeared to think her own baby the brightest and best, she confidently ex pected the prize, which consisted of the entrance fees and door money. The matrons at last de cided that Mrs. James Neil's baby was the baby. Mr. Peachy, in announcing this de cision, came to the front of the stage, carrying tbe young brat in his arms, and the house was nearly brought down with the tremendous cheering. The refreshments were sent spinning round the platform, and all the women up there seemed to be highly delighted about affairs ap pertaining to infanta. It was a scene that Punch's artist would have envied." Wb have heard so much lately from the spiritualists respecting the conveyance of cor pulent persons through the air by spirits that an account given by a correspondent of the WesUrn Mail ot an incident which occurred a few days ago in the neighborhood of the peaceful little town of Crumlin does not excite the surprise which might have been felt iv less enlightened times than these. Still the story is uncomfortable. It seems that an aged " haulier" or laborer, who lives at Croeapainmen, was the other night awakened from his slumber by the sound of a voice. " John," said the voice, "you must come with me." "Go thy way, and let me alsne to sleep," was the laborer's reply. " You must come," said the voice. ** I will not—and oannot," replied the laborer. " You must come, and come willingly," rejoined the voice, " other wise I will tear thee to pieces." " You may depend I will not; I oinnot. I don't know thee," exclaimed the laborer in a rage, when suddenly the voice was silent. But in a few seconds the laborer saw standing before him the ghost of a fellow-laborer who some years ago worked with him on the Bisea tramroad. Ho now consented to accompany his deceased friend, who gave him the choice of being conveyed by "uch wynt" or "is wynt" —that is to ssy, either through the air or along the road. John said he had never been through the air, but would not mind trying it. The two accordingly proceeded by air as far as Rises Bridge, a distance of seven miles by road, but only six by atmosphere. Here John was put down and directed to throw into the Sis howy River an old gun which had been con cealed on the banks since the time of the rebellion in Monmouthshire at the close of 1839\. Having done this, he was taken back en route " uch wynt," and gently replaced on his bed of straw. The above statement, says the writer, is generally believed in Crumlin, and many respectable tradesmen assert it to be a fact. Thi Melbourne Herald says:—"ln conse quence of the asylum for the insane at Ararat being occupied to its utmost capacity, we hare been given to understand that lunatic patient! will in the meantime be forwarded from Ballarat to the Yarn Bend." "It will be remembered," says the 8. A. Advertuer, "that lone montht ago Mr. M. Dillon Cox, a very old Australian colonist, ne gotiated with oar Government with indifferent success, with a view to obtain special conces sions for taking stock to the Northern Territory. We find by a private letter from Mr. Cox to a friend in Adelaide that he has by no mean* abandoned oar territory on the north coast as a field of enterprise. About the and of November last he had purchased 600 splendid bead of horses to be delivered at Roekhampton, when he waa staying, by Christmas, and intended then to start immediately with them for our settle ment at Port Darwin. Mr. Cox considered the newt from the Northern Territory favorable, and believed that enterprise and judgment would find their reward in that part of the country. At the opinion of one of many years' varied ex- j perienee in almost all parts of Australia this is valuable, and should serve as a stimulus to many who profess boundless faith in. Arnheim , Land, but ate ever waiting for tome one elae to make a beginning." I QiruMLtn> (says the Mdbmnu Ace) is coming in to share, with the Transvaal dietriot at the Gape, honors of its iaide of precious I atones. So at leaat it woaM appear from a story told to as last otwaiag, which runs that:—"When the Governor Bkebetl m aoobored off one of the northern ports of Queensland, a, gmtlisstu cease oa board and aaw Mr. foord, the well-known popular lec turer. He ■bowed him some srnnimtni of etooe which Mr. Foord pronouaeed to b* of some value, and offered to bring them to Molboureto have them tested. Tne»an>tiiatj mmbtH. suit at the same tiase reqnaattd tbat a? (awy proved to be of value they amigbt be eat far him, and forwarded to hie address, which is at present kept secret When Mr. Foord arrived m Mel bourne be at once saw Mr. Bpink, the lapidary, | who pronounced the stones to be opaU of groat value. The •mailer atone, which has been set as a ring, is estimated aa worth between £300 and £400; while oa the larger, made into a gentleman's breast brooch, Mr. Spink says it ia impossible to set a value, it being, he thinks, the largest opal ever found, within his knowledge." The Natal Council have adopted a carious measure of retrenchment. With a bold band they have been pruning and sUeing at the Go vernor's salary, but the novel part of the busi ness is that two years after a new Governor ha* been installed in office, the salary may fall from £1800 to £1200. The Fatal Mercury, after pointing out that less important colonies give higher salaries, remarks:—" There are two kinds of men we want in the capacity of Governor here. One is a man who has learnt wisdom by experience; the other is a man to whom wise action and able administratorship come natu ally. The former mutt have had length of ser vice, and unless for some very exceptional rea* eon, we are not likely by reverting to the lowest grade of salary to get a man wiih that qualifi cation. The action of this law, therefore, narrows the choice to the men of heaven horn capacity, whose names have yet to be made in the career that lies before them. We by no meant say that we have not a better ehanoe of being well served in this way than in the other. Inex perience if combined with tact and energy would be more valuable to us than experience unac companied by either. The data of ' dried offi cials,' at Ginx's author aptly expresses it, it just what we want to avoid. Freeh, earnest, and active men, prepared to throw their whole energies into the work before them—prepared to identify themselves in all reapoeta with the lands they rule—prepared to show an affection ate interest in, rather than a cold indifference to, the sympathies and the welfare of the people over whom they are set—are better fitted to fill' the position of a Governor in a colony like this." Son suspicion was excited in the minds of the Cuttomt authorities lately (says the Mel bourne Argue) by the peculiar appearance presented by a parcel of tea which arrived in the s*. Claud Hamilton, from New Zealand.. This shipment consisted of about 10 tons of tea, wbiah was packed in 210 bags and 14 toft goods cases. The peculiarity of the packing, to different to the usual manner in which tea is always imported, attracted the attention of the Oustomt authori ties, and the health officer of the city, Mr. Girdlestone, waa communicated with in order to ascertain if the tea was fit to go into consump tion. On Wednesday Mr. Girdlestone, accom panied by an expert, visited the bond where the tea it at present stored. A very abort examina tion ahowed that the article waa quite unfit for use. It had evidently been at one time tho roughly saturated by tea-water, and dried by tome process, no attempt having been made to extract the salt. When a small portion of the tea it tatted, a strong flavor of sea-salt it at first the only thing perceptible; but toon afterwards a very sickly flavor succeeds, which it not got rid of for tome time, the disagree able flavor being distinctly perceptible for fully an hour after tasting. This tea it believed to form portion of the cargo of the Hindu, a vessel that wat wrecked tome time ago on the New Zealand coast. The whole cargo wat bought for a very email mm (about £40), and this it the fourth or fifth shipment of this tea that hat been introduced into the Melbourne market. Although there it not the slightest doubt of the unwholesome character of the article, the health officer does not consider himself empowered by the Act to seise the bulk, though if the tea were being retailed, proceediagt could be taken against the persons selling. There hat already been fully 100,000 lbs. of this poisonous rubbish brought into the Melbourne market, the greater portion of which, it is said, has passei through the hands of a member of the late Ministry, who it aleo proprietor of the present shipment. If the City Council is helpless in the matter, it will be necessary for the Government to step in and prevent the oitisent of Melbourne being poisoned in this wholesale manner. Ik an article on the opening of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway, on New Year's Day, the Hobart Tom* Mercury, in an issue jutt to hand, says:—"The railway hat been con structed on a very cheap scale, but one which will fully answer the purposes for which it it at present required, and will mm to open up the country through which it passes equally as well as one of a more expensive and durable nature. It it on the 4 feet 6 inch gauge, with light iron rails, weighing but 30 lbs. to the lineal yard, constructed on a well ballasted line, with every necessary provision made* for fLods and other emergencies to which railways are exposed. With the exception of the small engine, which wat imported from Manchester, the rolling stock—comprising one enclosed carriage, having accommodation for both first and second-class passengers, a break van, and a goods truck—is of colonial make, having been manufactured at Latrobe; but these conveyances are of rough construction, and although they will serve pre sent purposes, more suitable rolling stock will shortly be obtained from England. One termi nus it in the heart of Latrobe, a rising township on the River Mersey, and that portion of the line opened for traffic extends at far at Cotter's Creek, about twelve miles from Deloraine and four from Elizabeth Town. The road between (Toiler's Creek and Elizabeth Town, if it can be called a road, it said to be of the most miserable description. The amount expended on the seventeen miles of the line now completed, together with station buildings, rolling stock, &c; , is £54,000, snd in order to complete the line to Deloraine, and to make the necessary additions to the rolling stock, Ac, it is expected the expenditure of the company will amount in all to £100,000. Rail ways, when judiciously and economically con structed and maintained, can scarcely fail to be an advantage to a country such as this. Tas mania's experience in railway matters is ex tremely limited, but the insight we have had leads to the undoubted conclusion that, had economy formed a more important consideration in the construction of the Leunceston and Western Railway, we should be able to point to that undertaking at a great success, and one which wat contributing largely to the prosperity of the colony. Although the Mersey and De loraine Railway passes through a poorly popu-1 lated district, the results will in til probability 1 be similar to those which have followed in other countries, where railways have attracted popu lation, and canted an astonishing increase in traffic Tars newt from New Zealand it destitute of interest. An item from Auckland states:— " The yield of gold from the Thames in Novem ber wat 18,008 oat. from 8528 tons of stone. Of this the Caledonian claim produced 4400 ozs., . the All Nations 1424 oss^ the Moanataiari 827 ! ozs., and the Tokatea 3125 ozs. The total yield of gold for the year was 191,686 ozs.—A special session of the diocesan synod wat held at Christ church on January 10, to consider the erection of the cathedral, towards which £1800 has been subscribed without a canvass being entered | upon. The primate, in hit tpeeeh, expressed a hope that the Church of England in New Zea ■ land would adopt the revised lectionary. He alto recommended co-operation with the Auck land synod with regard to the establishment of a Bishop Patteeon Memorial Fund." The oWaw Croc* is informed that Major Ropata hat acted really handsomely in his method of dealing with the well-earned £1000 reward paid by the Government for the capture of Kereopa. It is usual for the leading chief who may sell land, or otherwise obtain possession of money, to appropriate all of it, or at much at he poosibly can, for hit own exclusive benefit. Upon re ceiving the £1000, however, Ropata divided it evenly between himself and follower*, every member of the party receiving as Urge a share as their leader. Such an act it not only creditable to Ropato, but thowt that the confidence which the Government has nipnasd in him is not mis placed. A DBBIXB has lately taken place in the New South Wales Legislature, regarding the salary of future Governors. Mr. Buchanan, an hon. member who teems to be fishing for the reputa tion of a colonial Whalley or Newdegate, intro duced a bill Cor the purpose of doing away with the pajaMnt of • Governor's salary at all bj the eoleay. Many of those who took part ia the debate admitted the juatios of reducing the salary from £7000, too present figure, to £8000, bat not a single member could be sound to go the length of the introd Josr of the measure, and the teeond reading of the bill was negatived without a division. Mr. Buchanan's principal arguments ia support of the innovation were :— " Seeing that wo ware not consulted in any way about the appointment of the Governor, it bad always appeared to him anomalous that we should be asked to pay bit salary. The bill would commend itself to hon. members when they recollected that the Imperial Government had made up their mind that the colony should take upon itself all the duties of Government, relieving the Home Government from any fur ther trouble in the matter. All fits— of British statesmen had expressed themselves to that effect. They found that they had enough to do to govern England, surrounded as she was by warlike peoples, and liable to be embroiled at any time by her relation with foreign Powers. He wat turprised that the colonists did not tee it to be their duty to seek to be relieved of the English connection. He did not use the words in an offensive tense; because he held that the severance of the formal tie now existing would not imply any abatement of that afeetion which was the real basis of the connection or of those commercial relations which now existed. Hav ing arrived at the position we were now in, it was only consulting our dignity to say that we would no longer be content to remain in a de pendent position; and be believed that the leading statesmen of England would all be glad to ate a quiet severance of the tie between the colony and England for the mutual benefit of both countries. It would involve no breaking up of the British Empire, but would be limply such a separation at would relieve England from the expense and obligation of defending these scattered portions of her possessions, and would save us from the danger arising from the wart of the mother-country." Nbwi to hand from Ceylon and South India, by the last mail, convey the gratifying intelli gence that the eclipse expedition* at both those places, were successful in obtaining very fair observations of the eclipse. The following telegrams appear in the Ceglo* Obterver .•— " From Mr.Loekyer—'Mengalore, 12th. Eclipse observations very successful at Baikul; exten sion of,the corona above hydrogen apparently small; structure nebulous; air polarisation during and after totality. Five admirable pho tographs.' From M. Jansten—'Ootaeamund, 12th. Eclipse observed; splendid weather; important results.'" Another communication from M. Jamsen states "The corona is un doubtedly solar." From the Kokelay party— " Trincomalee, 12th. Glorious eclipse for two and a half minutes; cloudlets sky; rather suc cessful observations." A Ceylon amateur ob server gives the following account of the phe nomena. He remarked: "The sun rose obscured by clouds, which cleared off at about half-past 6. The whole surface of the sun pre presented the usual stippled, broken ap pearance, with here and there large and small spots. In the neighborhood of these spots the stippling was more apparent than over the parts free from spots, but they came out in bold relief on that part of the tun close to the moon's limb. Probably this in crease of distinctness was caused by con trast, of the black spots, Ac., of the dark limb of the moon. This could not be teen through the S in. telescope. Some little time before the greatest obscuration a halo was visible around the sun, which gave place to short bright rays. This latter appearance wat probably an ocular deception, at no trace of it was visible through the 4} in. telescope under a low power. At the greatest obscuration no trace of oorona waa' observable through, the same instrument with a solar eye-piece with a power of about 30. This was carefully looked for. The unobserved portion of the son, about 15-16ths of its disc, was well defined, without appendages of any kind. Towards the time of eeutrality the diminution of daylight was very conspicuous. Going from the open air into the house it was very striking. Btanding in the centre of the room, and looking through the open window, the sunshine was of a neutral tint. The crows commenced to assemble on the tree tops, cawing after their usual fashion when preparing for their night's rest. The planet Venus, high in ths sky, was distinctly visible to toe naked eye, and Jupiter, low down in the western horizon, wat plainly discernible with the aid of an opera-glass." Or the progress of the British- Australian tele graph, the Somth Australia* Regieter says:— " On Saturday, 13th instant, information was received in Adelaide per the central telegraph, that Mr. Clarke, with his staff of operators, had on the previous day reached a point 119 miles north oi the Alice Springs, and that they were about to push on over the remainder of the wired line. They have advanced considerably beyond the Maodonnell Ranges, and are now at the extremity of section 0, within a short dis tance of Central Mount Stuart. They have still close upon 250 miles to travel before getting to the end of section E. Mr. Clarke's instructions require him, as soon as he tot reached the furthest point of the central sections, to dispatch persons on horseback with a Government mes sage for transmission to Great Britain. This, of course, will be sent on by telegraph to Port Darwin, and thence by the company's cable. On the return trip, tuch messages at may be await ing dispatch will be brought on to sec tion E, and forwarded to Port Augusta. As soon as possible after this trial journey, which is not likely to be entered upon until near the dose of the month, a regular express service will be established to bridge over the gap between the two terminal points of the line, the length of whjch will of course be contracted week by week as the construction parties pro ceed with their work. The men and horses for this service will be sent on from the Roper, and intermediate atationt will be appointed to allow of regular relays. When-arrangements have been completed, notice will be given to the Governments oi the neighboring colonies that South Australia is prepared to dispatch tele grams, and in no case is the time occupied in the transmission from Port Augusta to London likely to exoeoft five or six days, presuming that the land line and the cable remain in working order. 8o far as we can see, at least three weeks will elapse before the first message from Great Britain can be flashed along the trans continental wire to Adelaide. We regret to learn that information is to hand by central telegram that Mr. John Millncr, who w;th his brother has been for some montht past engaged in driving sheep asrost the continent, has been killed by the natives at Attack Creek, about fiity miles north of section E. This ttation takes its name from the fact that Stuart, whilst on his expedition, was here assailed by the blaoks in considerable numbers. 1* 