.NEW BOOKS. We have'often, spoken-of the alarming proportion that the study, of History is now assuiniing, with volume after volume, poured , out by such. men as . Motley, jFroude, Freeman. But if' we'pity the student, still more must wefeel for the ihistaiaan in the rapid accumulation of mate jrials, which the activity .of antiquaries and i archaeologists is constantly preparing ior. his digestion. This month■ .we hare a, ." Calendar of State Papers, Foreign Series, jojE the Reign of Elizabeth," which, although | ^t^cqntents o/nolessthan2,700doeuments, .'catalogued and arranged,, and it.ish signi fieant fact that Scotland mid the Borders are iincluded in the definition of foreign. The;: 'period is interesting,, for it is that when. ! Mary Queen of Scots—the most unwelcome j jghest that ever crossed the Border"—entered. England. We learn little that is new about the royal criminal. That Mary married her :husband's .murderer knowingly cannot be : doubted; that she married him willingly is not so certain. - As she rode through Edih-- i burgh the market women raised the discri lriina^ing shout of "God save your Grace, if you be sakeless of the King's, death,", while the sight of Bothwellriding one of his, tnnfimla Iiamab *10110+ naira mamaoaH 4-lla suspicion of the shrewd spectators. The : Bev., Mr. Craig, who showedunwillingness to publish' the banns of manage between. Mary and Bothwell in the church of St. Giles was significantly told by the murderer that he could provide him "with, a' cord." If the Queen married Bothwell against her will she does not seem to have taken it seriously to heart, for we find her shortly afterwards appearing in a dress, "-after the fashion of the women of Edinburgh* in a red petticoat, sleeves tied with points a partlyte, a velvet hat, and muffler" — brilliant array for a broken hearted woman. Much insight is afforded into the Roman Catholic plot meant to exter minate the reformed religion and put Mary on the throne of Elizabeth, .in which, as Lord Burleigh was. warned, the Pope and the King of Spain " had their hands deeper, in the dish" than he was aware of. Eliza beth has in our opinion been blamed too severely for .her conduct towards her cousin, for. it is evident that a slight turn of Fortune's wheel would have plunged the country into civil war; and had Mary gained the ascendancy she would not have felt the slightest hesitation in con demning Elizabeth to perpetual imprison ment if she had spared, her from the scaffold. "The History and Law of Church Seats or Pews," by Alfred Heales, is a very singular as well as a very learned book. The word "pew" seems to have been formerly applied, not merely toa seat in achurch, but to the reading- desk, a cattle-pen, and even a box at the theatre. In his diary Pepys proudly records that his wife had been Lady Fox's " pewfellow" at the playhouse. In the days of our Saxon ancestors not only pews, but' seats, in churches were unknown, except such as really formed part of the building, the cross of .stone, and sedilia- in the chancel for tiie accommodation of the clergy.- And after these were superseded by massive stalls and bandsome benches, to which a few favoured and exalted laymen were admitted, the common people had no means of taking rest except in those churches which had a stone seat running round the north, Bouth,and west walls, to which they could retire when their prayerful mood was exhausted. Gradually the more important personages were allowed benches, and the commonalty were permitted to bring their wooden stools. But when tile rise of the Befonnation in flamed the. minds of men with religious zeal the stools were found objectionable, as they were occasionally thrown at the head of the preacher when his doctrine did not happen to please. The Befonnation brought in long sermons, a few pointed sentences having. previously sufficed for • a homily, and the long sermons soon necessitated permanent and immovable seats to check the noisy restlessness and fre quent riotousness of the congregation. Then arose lofty pews fitted with- curtains and cushions^ ana sometimes even with fireplaces. "At Gholderton, Wiltshire, is a pew six feet high, with glass windows in the door to enable the occupants to see the preacher, and other windows in the side to enable them to survey the congregation." Corbet, Bishop of Norwich, complains—" Stately pews are now become tabernacles with wings and curtains to them. There wants nothing but beds to hear the word of God oh.; we have casements, locks, and keys, and cushions; I had almost said bolsters and pillows, and for those we love the Church. I will not guess what is done within them —who 'sits, stands, or lies asleep, at prayers, communion, &c.; but this I dare say, they are either to hide some vice or to proclaim one; to hide disorder or to preelaim pride." "Autobiography of John Milton, or Milton's Life in his own Words," is a book by the .Bev. James J. G. Graham, who has collected the details from the various works of the poet. Mr. Graham imagines Delilah dn "Samson Agonistes" to be a picture of his first wife, whose , desertion of him so soon after mar riage led to the publication of his defence of divorce. Bat we are far more inclined to accept Miss Parr's interpretation of the con jugal quarrel in her graceful story of " The Maiden and Married Life of Mary Powell," and to imagine that the scene of reconcilia tion is remembered in Eve's pleading for pardon, ending— " — Sooa his heart relented Towards her, his life so late, and sole delight, Now at his feet submissive in distress." Milton was unfortunate in his wives. He did not marry till the age of thirty-five, after he had lost his sight. His first wife's gay humour ill-suited his sober and severe temperament; and his second wife, celebrated in the sonnet beginning— " Methought I saw my late espoused saint Brought to me, like Alcestis, from the grave"— Diedwithin a year of their marriage. The third—Elizabeth Minskull, who survived him—seems not only to have oppressed his children while he lived, but to have cheated them after his death. The conduct of his children also was not calculated to raise his idea of women, for " there is evidence," says Mr. Graham, " that they were Undutifuland unkind to him, and combined with his maid servant to cheat him in marketings, sold his books, and even wished his death." ' His rule must have been somewhat harsh, if we may judge by the words— " God's universal law Gave to the man despotic power Over his female in due awe; Nor from that right to part an hour, (Smile she or lower." No woman, however gentle and lovingly obedient to her husband, would like to be thus spoken of, and the blindness of the un happy poet must have rendered him singu larly unfitted to enforce obedience. It is sad to Tead of the change from the brilliant youth with so much personal beauty that a lady of rank is said to have fallen in love with him as he slept under a tree, and with talents which secured the admiration of the greatest men in Italy as well as in England, where he acted as Cromwell's Latin secre tary, - to the' blind old man, forced to hide in obscurity, his complexion changed to a deadly white, and every joint racked and distorted by disease. Yet it was in this melancholy condition that he wrote the glorious poem of " Paradise Lost," and may we not nope that the elevation of mind which prompted such noble thoughts sufficed even to conquer suffering, and to raise him above the power of scorn and contumely. Many of "The Recollections and Reflec jtums of J. B,. Planche"have already ap peared in the magazines, bat itispleasant . to find in a more permanent form a book so i replete with jest and anecdote. : The pro 'fessional life, of Mr. Planchd began at the age of two-and-twenty by the ap pearance in 1818ofthe burlesque operetta called " Amoroso, King of Little Britain^" It bad been Written for amateurs, bat H&rley; ths actor, perceiving its merit, contrived to get it into rehearsal at Old Drury Lane Theatre, and it was ready for representation before the author knew any thing about it. In a few days the London boys wereuingiiig through the streets " Oh, then, Mollidusta, I'll love thee nomore," andfrom that time to this Mr. Blanche has been connected with the stage. His . stories of dramatic authors, actors, and musicians. thus range over no less that 54 years; and althoughsome of them are certainly not new, they bear repetition, and'are none the worse for the f act that the author by no means depicts every one couloir de rose/ Braham seems to have been as'poor an actor as Simms > Beeves, and. with ■■ a. much, worse figure. Of John Cooper, whom Kemble looked upon as his successor, our author says he was "one of >those< highly respectable actors who may be thoroughly depended uponforeverything except acting." This is almost as severe as the Manager's reply to an eminent tragedian-who; when about to play "Macbeth," proposed that Locke's' music should be left out. " I don't think it 'would do to leave oat the indsic;. bat if you think it would be an improvement I've no objection to leave out the ' Macbeth.'" There is a story of Thackeray, which we have heard .on other authority, but which yet seems very unlike the - man. A certain member of tne Garrick Club, who was somewhat unpopular, "was literally drawn out of it. His figurobeingveiy peculiar, was sketched in pen and ink liy his im placable persecutor on every pad on the writing tables or whatever paper Thackeray could venture to appropriate; he repre sented him in the most ridiculous and derogatory situations that could be imagined, always with his hack towards you, but un mistakable." The-victim bore it. for some time with equanimity, but at last some pungent example -of the . artist - author's graphic and satirical abilities proved too much for him, mid he retired. The stories are by no means confined to histrionic personages. We read of the wife of a Cabinet Minister who obtained for her infant godson a pen sion as a superannuated postman. Hood ap-. pears delighted with Power the : actor, and concluding his eulogistic comments with the characteristic remark, " It never rains but it Powers." Hood's brother-in-law, Rey nolds, describing an interview with a lady who had bored mm, and who appeared never to have heard of .the comedy of " As You like It," says, " I tookmy leave of her under the shade of melancholy bows.1"' But per haps one of the best of themany humorous bon-mots here recorded is the quiet rejoinder of Poole dining with a friend, who on Carviug a roast leg of pork was excessively angry at finding no stalling in it. "Perhaps," said Poole blandly, " it is in the_otber leg." Try Uracow ana tneA?arpattuans, oy Alex, H. Hutchinson, is a pleasant little book by a traveller who is not afraid to leave the beaten track of tourists. Want of clean liness, fleas, bad roads, worse vehicles;- and straggles with an unconquerable language were the chief difficulties which he* encoun tered, together with <the frequent necessity for crossing streams, which had just carried away their own bridges. - At the chief - hotel in Cracow the washing accommodation for himself and his wife was limited to a single pie-dish, 'The vehicles are drawn by swift but meagre horses, occasionally supplemented in themountainsby sturdy cows. Oneoftherapid bridgeless streams was crossed in a country wagon which was dragged through by the united efforts of two horses and three men; while two other men held a rope across the ford to catch any one who might happen to be washed away,in the process. Just as they reached the middle of the stream one of the horses took fright and began to rear and plunge, while the wagon itself seemed in. danger of floating away bodily. For a few minutes' they were in great peril, but the drirer plied his whip vigorously, and they finally got through in safety. Captain Hutchinson did not know at the time that three men had,-been drowned in this place only a week before. He gives a most delightful picture of ; the famous salt mines of Wieliczka, where the visitor may walk for miles along subterranean galleries. The town is undermined by these galleries, which serve ^s places of popular amusement, where bands play, balls are given, and the whole place, lighted: with huge chandeliers, must appear like some region of enchantment. A fairy palace, with ceiling, walls, andpillars all cut out of theglittering greenish, salt, is fittedup as a church, where mass is cele brated once a year. An underground rail, way leads directly into the mine, and Captain Hutchinson thus describes the impressive sight which met his view as the .great doors of the railway station swung back to give him entrance:—"We beheld the most striking spectacle of a large underground salt lake. A tran sparent figure in salt- of Queen Kunigunda, the foundress of the mine (1251), stood glittering at the edge; and as we entered the boat and floated over the still calm waters to the sound of distant music, such a sense of unreality prevailed over the whole scene that one fancied it was some theatrical illusion." "Pekin, Jeddo, and San Francisco" is the conclusion of " A Voyage Sound the World" translated from the French of the Marquis de Beauvoir by Agnes and Ellen Stephenson, and those who remember -the earlier book will eagerly welcome this. It is not so much that M. de Beauvoir describes things that are new as that he looks upon them from a new point of view, and describes them with 'an enthusiasm utterly free from sentimen tality or affectation, while his quick observation and eager adaptiveness enable him to pounce upon little stray facts which hare been missed by more profound travellers, and which often move singularly suggestive to the reader. His description of Japan is by far the best that has ever been written. "It is with reason," he says, "that the Japanese are called 'the Frenchmen of the Hast,'" and 'the Frenchman of the West sympathizes with them, miters into their ways, and finds in them nothing to laugh at and much to laugh with, especially enjoying their sly ridicule of the English; He delights in the fact that whenever they desire to acquire knowledge it is from France they seek .for instruction, and gives an amusing account of the military station beside the canal of Yokohama, where five French officers were en gaged in the instruction of 700 young Japanese nobles destined to become in structors in their turn to the armies of the Taikoun. "It is quite a pleasure to see these little Japanese playing the trumpet, working the guns, making demivoltes at the riding-school, and forming line or square on the parade ground. . . . All . . . are wildly enthusiastic, and though it looks absurd when one sees them cn tting off their pig tails, decking themselves with metal buttons, and imploring the Taikoun and our officers to dress them in the most beautiful 'uni forme Franze, this eagerness also brings forth fruit in serious matters; they learn French with marvellous rapidity, and they work hard all day, and far into the night, to study mechanics, geometry, and the theories of drill and firing." Yet they are so volatile that on hearing of the defeat of France they imme diately desired to be equipped like Prus sians. The Japanese are truly "but children of a larger growth," and their beautiful Jeddo, with its vast extent, its riches, its gaiety, its quaint gardens, and fragile beauti ful houses, with walls of finely wrought paper made to slide into grooves, and furni ture of curious cabinets, and dainty mats, exquisite teatrdys, and diminutive cups with wooden saucers, innumerable for all sorts of purposes, resembles nothing so much as the scenes in Hoffmann's weird " Story of a Nutcracker." Japan is indeed a country of incongruities and surprises, and the life of the people with its outward glee fulness and freedom and under-current of danger, its scepticism and its philosophy, seems natural only in a place " where earth quakes are everyday occurrences, where 1 everybody lives in a toy-house,'* where "no -body is afraid of adeath/' and'where no man i knows when he rises inthe morning whether : it may not become: a duty to commit suicide: ; before night. • I - " Authors at Work," by Charles Pebody, is an attractive title, and although hardly •coming up to itspromise the book is a very i pleasant one. The picture of Scott is one of the best, "in his green velvet ceat and plaid trousers, with his vast pile of fore head, his deep grey eyes, and that smile of gentle enthusiasm which gleams out upon us in Phillips's portrait, with Maida at his feet, mid his stagnound asleep jipon the hearth rag, throwing off his morning task of .' Woodstock.'" Scott wrote rapidly. Of; the " Antiquary" the great , novelist said, "I have only a general sketch at present, but when once I get my pen to the. paper it will walk fast enough. I am< sometimes tempted to leave it alone, and try whether it will not write as well without ; the assistance iff my head as with it. . . The ideas' rise.as 1 write;' and the faster he wrote, Ballantyne used, to say, the freer the ideas rose, and thebetterthe story developed itself. Tins was Scott's opinion also. ' I cannot pull well in long traces,' he uaed to say * I love to have the press thumping, clattering, and banging in my rear. It creates the necessity which almost always makes me work best.' ' When, he was ahead of the press—when the printer's devil was not at his door waiting for copy—Scott's spirits flagged, he dallied with, what he was about, and lost the threads of his story. . . . ■ Throwing off. his MS. in tins rapid and. careless style, tossing it into the post with out a second glance, and reserving all his corrections till he saw how it read in type, I need hardly say that: Sir Walter Scott's proofs were the terror of his printers. He serit Dr. Lardner half wild with the MS. of his ' Scottish History.' It was full of slips of the pen, of false grammar, of incomplete sentences, of repetitions, and clumsinesses without end; and all these Scott corrected in' his proofs, till the Doctor in sheer despair had to set a clerk to work to copy out the MS. and make it read before it was set." Scotf s poetry of coarse was not produced in this rapid way—" that he fre quently laboured and wrote over two or three times, but all bis novels were printed as they left his desk, with nothing more than a little revision at the hands of James Ballantyne, and a hasty glance at the proofs by-Scott in odd half-hours." " Character Sketches," the last work of the late Dr. Norman McLeod, though slight in its construction, is full of that subtile humour, true pathos, and felicity of expres sion which abounds in all his works. It is a series of simple stories of which the first is not the least interesting. This is not unlike "The Luck of Roaring Camp," re lates the 'sufferings and '' misadventures" of a lady ill-used by )her . husband who takes a solitary berth on board a ship bound from Valparaiso to Scotland. The weather is wretched, the voyage of an unusual 'length, and at last while still far from land the unhappy woman dies after giving birth to a child, which she confides to the captain's care, and the humour of the story lies in the efforts of the kind-hearted sailors to rear; poor little " Billy Buttons," as they call Him. One old tar, remembering how he-had been saved tram starvation when shipwrecked on a coral-reef by chewing tobacco, suggests that a little-tobacco juice might do Billy good, while another declares that his stomach would never stand it. A third proposes that they should get up . a dance round the . child to make him open his eyes, and at last the steward undertakes to beat up Ian egg and administer a little weak brandy and water. "Daily he was aired .on-deck, and daily each sailor insisted on haying the honour of carrying him, and it was indeed a sight to see those japanned faces chirruping and smirking to the unseen treasure rolled up in the blanket. In a few days the very navigation of the ship was affected by the presence of the child. It was not unfrequeni to hear snch remarks as these—.' I say, Tom, easy with that ropeor, •" ' Don't make snch a clattering on deckor, 'Heave in that yard bandy, for Billy is sleeping.' And one would express his delight at the fine breeze and the prospect of sight ing land soon, ' because' they would get a nurse for Billy.' When the captain at last, having gone ashore in his gig, returns with the nurse, there was great joy and excite ment, and thongh'orders were given to heave anchor with a will, there was snch anxiety to hear news from the cabin that the men. could not turn to their work till the captain came hp with the satisfactory report— ' Draws like the big pomp! Heave away, now, lads.'" Summer Dreamings. By Charles F. Taylor. Fergusson & Moore, Melbourne. A presentation copy of a poem with the above title, written in Spenserian stanzas by a young man, who, we are informed, only recently attained his majority, has been sent to us for notice in our columns: The writer, we are further informed, is a colonial youth, a graduate of Melbourne University, and a barrister-at-law. The poem was composed as a theme to compete for the Shakspeare Scholarship of 1671 at Melbourne University, value £150 per annnm, and tenable for three years. It gained the prize, and is now printed, and dedicated by permission to the Chancellor, Vice-Chancellor, and members of the Council of the University. The facts we have cited led us to appre hend a considerable display of ability in the poem, and we were not only hot disap pointed in our perusal of it, but met with more warmth of colouring, an easier melody, and a greater lyrical sweetness than we had anticipated. The subject versified is the "Midsummer Night's Dream." It may be looked upon as an act of presumptuous folly for a youth barely out of his teens to attempt to rewrite or refine upon Shak speare's comedy; but it must be borne in mind that "Summer Dreamings" was not originally intended for publication, and was written only in the ordinary curriculum of academic pursuits. Moreover only the main plot of the play—the crossed loves of Hermia and Helena—is dealt with; and only the characters necessary to its due development figure in Mr. Taylor's piodnction. The out lines of the poem are all ShakBpeare's, and only such deviations have been made as were required in order to adapt them to the cir cumscribed limits imposed upon the writer. While, however, the framework must be 1 ascribed to the great dramatist, tbe figures with which it is filled'in are the creation of | the youthful poet, and afford such indica tions of genius that we are tempted to look for something greater and original from the same pen on some future occasion. A few j lines will showwith what skill the "tender" snbtlest passion of human nature is touched upon. " Love is a magnet. How it surely finds Its kin, though it be hid in many a fold! And, as the senseless steel together binds, T.inking in one, so will love's influence hold Fast locked in bonds—but not of steel—of gold. Its undying constancy, even when unre quited, is also poetically expressed, thus:— "But yet the heart will love, though it be crushed By cruel wantonness; let but the wind Stir the harp strings, 'tis long ere they are hushed, Long ere their trembling echoes are resigned; And,.let the heart be moved, be sure thou'lt find Love's soft emotions lingering there anon, When that which stirred them hath long proved unkind." A keen discrimination too betwixt the genuine passion and that all-absorbing coun terfeit which seeks only its own gratifica tion, bnt is often mistaken for love, is. shown in the following lines. Demetrius, it will be remembered, smitten with Hermia's -charms, seeks to compel her to marry him by the authority of her father, who favours his suit. Mr, Taylor writes :— " He loved her not; for who, that loved, could steel A father's hand to deal the mortal stroke On one he loved ? Who ever dared to kneel And ask a tyrant for his country's yoke That was not traitor ?" Music, too, is incidentally descanted upon. Congreve has tersely said— "Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak." ; Mr. Taylor appears to have adoptedthia couplet, and turned it into thefolio wing, not \- only vernal, hut elegant pe riphrasis ** There isasehse, a spirit, and a power Tn every strain<>f muffle; -trat 'tis not_ "Where many share the sweet harmonious shower ' liat we regard it most;.- . In some.lime spot, ' Where earth and -cold society ate forgot, , We -only taste its true deep sentiment, Beside the sea, or in delightful grot, _ - ■ ' Or by some mountain whose bleak topis blent With the descending night in darkness imminent. Or. as the moonbeams through the forest stir, "As if the ghost of the departed day ! Had stolen from his western sepulchre, j If we shall stand and note the leaflets play "With the night wind, the while some plaintive j ; lay " : Creeps o'er our ear, we cannot choose bat bow Beneath the gentle influence, or pay - | The tribute of a tear, that fain will flow Unchecked, yet whatwe mourn we never seek to know. | Ay, there is more in music than our ken , Can comprehendor dream of. "Eis a voice ! Which, speaks from heaven to earth; from God to men, ' Plainly yet wordless still. Now 'tis its choice That we shall grieve. Anon we must rejoice :To hear its exultations. Then in mute awful wonder stand while it employs ! Its deep and sacred tones. Who dare dispute i Its power to thrill, to awe, its magic to recruit ?" Nor does Mr. Taylor confine himself to stereotyped modes of speech, as the expres ! Hive but antithetic phrase contained in the [following lines will show:—• . . , . " The soft caress ; Of wooing winds, that loved to fan her brows, ; And from its bonds to loose some wayward tress, And fondle it in their rough tenderness." A moral, too, is sometimes dednced in passing, as— . " "Tis but a breeze : That blurs the peaceful landscape; but a sound That mars the sweetest harmony; and these Are but of angry words the types—the efligies." The description of the fairy-queen's abode is extremely beautiful,though the ideas are by no means all original. We quote two stanzas from it. . " In the wood's depth a merry babbling brook, ' With harmony perpetual ever ran; Whose mystic cadences with pleasure shook The bending flowers that kissed it; yet for man Its songs no meaning had—how it began Its life 'mid mountain tops and glittering snows, And how its youth was passed where breezes fan The sunny bills, it told, where in repose Among the shadowy leaves the purple cluster glows. And then it sang of fields where, like a sea - Of golden waters, swayed in many waves The ripening corn, which seemed in very glee To mock the angry ocean when it raves— Then sadly sighs the brook; for, while it laves The flower-clad banks, yet steadily it uears Its bright life's end—the sea,, where are the graves Of streams both great and small—where from thetears Of parent clouds, wept for the dead, no sign appears." We have now quoted sufficient to show the style of the poet, and to indicate what the reader may expect. But there are one or two . verbal criticisms which we feel it due to Mr. Taylor to make. In the following quotation we fail to catch his meaning:— " But soft 1 a breeze has stirred the forest leaves, . such, as when the Eastern isles outpour Their odour-laden breath, wherein we trace The wooing cedar's kiss, the wanton, spice embixuxf' The italics are ours. If these words do not mean the "toanton spice's embrace" they mean nothing; while if they do, the rhythm of the verse is destroyed. Again, in the 33rd stanza we find— " Upon the sward rich comfits nectar and sparkling dew," as a specimen of Alexandrine verse. In two instances the verb "to lie" has been con founded with the verb " to lay," and we find these remarkable sentences— " Why listless lays the brush her touch was won't to guide." " Now must he lay on roses like themselves." In throwing the accent upon the final syllable in the substantive "perfume" Mr. Taylor only follows the example of Pope and other great poets; and perhaps it is only fair, if the substantive is to usurp the pronunciation of the verb, that the encroach ment should be equated in the same stanza by the past participle's adopting the pro nunciation to which the noun is entitled. Thus:— "And laden with perfume, comes stealing o'er.". And "Of flowers, of herbs, of all the perfumed race." We fail to see any reason why in " Summer Dreamings" Hermia should be made to fly from Helena, while in Shakspeare Helena flies from Hermia. True, in his preface, Mr. Taylor admits that the poem differs from "A Midsummer Night's Dream" in several" minute particulars," but we under stand the alterations to have been made for the purposes of adaptation ; this change, therefore, is unnecessary. But these, after all, are very small objections to a book which contains- so much that is pleasing and meri torious, and we only raise them now so that in future editions they may be amended. The'poem is printed upon toned paper, in clear type, and issued in a very neat and chaste binding by Messrs. Fergusson and Moore, Melbourne. 