-AKOTREEFkightfol MDOKG AOCDOEST. ; • One more miner has met with ."an accident" which may terminate fatally, the medicil officers of the Hospital pronouncing it " a very dangerous case." The man, whose name teas John Diites, was Working iu the claim of the East- Windmill Hill Company, sinking a shaft. A ch»rge bad been pat in with guu- cotton, but it missed fire, and Daites was engaged "drawing" it when it exploded. When tbe other men working in the mine went to his assistance, they found him in a fearful state, one of his hands having been completely blown ofi; and having apparently sus&iuedserious; injuries to tbeskull. He was taken to the Hospital aud it was then found that be had sustained a compound fracture of the skull, and it was determined to amputate bis ?rm. Lalelast night there was little hope of his recovery.—Sendigo Independent \f E (Herald) otserve tbat the sum of £500 has beeu offered to the baptist denomination in Adelaide by a wealthy friend, to form the nucleus of a fund for the beuefit of pastors who owing to age or infirmity, are compelled to retire from active service. The conditions attached were that a like sum should be forth with raised by donations, and that when the affair was organised widows and orphans of deceased ministers of the body should share iu tbe benefits cnuferrable. The liberal offer was at once accepted. . ; The following have been adopted as the rules fcr shiu'iting for M<>jur Learmouth's trophy, to be fired for at the local butts by ten members of each detachment composing the Western Artillery CorpB -.—Distances—200, 500, and 600 yards. " Auy position" to mean;' any that cm be assumed on a flat enifaca Targets—Hytbe. Ammunition—Government. -Any large bore Government rifle issued to volunteers, 577 bore. Sigl ts—The foretisht must be immovable ; the backsights mast be immovable laterally; the slider uot to have more thau five fixed lines, none of which may be painted out Auy nipple or flash pan may be used. Sighting shots One at each range. Tbe first competition to take place on Wednesday 28 h February. 1872, with au interval of not less ihan three and not exceeding six months between each competition —such interval to be determined by the Officer commaudiug the Western District. Tbe trophy to become the property of the detachment winning it twice.—Warrnambool Examiner. A ghost 6tory is told by tbe M'lvor Timet. Afier disclaiming all besief in ghosts, the journal says:—" We give the remarkable story as nearly as possible in the words of our informant, who said tint 011 «he night of the 8th inst, at about 9 o'clock, as the Rev Mr Bayley, accompanied by two of 41 r Hughes's daughters was driving towards Millbaven, and when opposite Mr Wainhuld's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, the hoise. The animal became frightened , and bolted light through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed,'Dear me, what was that!' Mr Bayley endeavored to pull the horse up, but on be dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at J&illliaven.; This is sii we know of the South end ghost." Shakepear would never have asked, "What's in an aim ?" if he had beeu hit on the head with a hrick. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet s ghost an unprincipled fellow?—Becaese he sticks at nothing. What do great liars do when they diet—They luffM A young lady, returning from a concert, as it was raiuittg, ordered the coachmHU to drive close to the side- walk; but was still unable to step across the cutter. ' "1 can lift you over," paid coachy. "Oh no-" said she, " I am too he»vy." ' Lord, marm, "said^Johti, '•lam used to lifting barrels of sugar." . . Deau Swift said : u It.is with narrow-sonled people as it is with narrow-necked bottles ; the less they have in them, the more noise the niake in pouring <.ut." " The Tichbome case is adjourned till January IS. The claimant's counsel closed his case on the. 70th day. He presented a strong case. Aflher Orton was not produced. The public anxiously awaits the defence. . What is the difference between a Christian and a cannibal I—The one rnjuyes himself, aud the Other .enjoys, other people. AnAmericau paper says, "One of the prettiest siclits the'buman eye ever rested upon is gold in its liquid state." Whereupon another suggests that" tbe human eye iu this vicinity would be satisfied if it could see any of the metal. jn a solid state." A national ..subscription 4ias been commenced for the restoration of Warwick q»Btl<j.- . , . ...„, Tbe Orleans Princes have taken their seats in che Assembly.' The dispute with Thiers caused lonsiderable excitjemeut. The income-tax is under discn^io'ii.. f .V . • advt.J—" Berkeley, Sept. 18G9.—Gentlemen, 2 feel it'* duty I owe "to you to express;my gratitude fortliegreat benefit Ibavjederived liy taking Norton's Camomila Pills * I have applied ito yonr 'aecnt. Mr Bell; Berkeley, for the above-named^ Pills, for. wind 'in tho : stomach, from whistr T sufferefl *tcruciating pain for a length of time, bavine tried'Wehtiy every remedy prescribed, hut without deriving *tiy4enefit at all. After taking two bottles ;of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my nsual state »f teal th. 1'lease give this' publicity for . the benefit of those who ihay tliufl be nfflicted.—I ^am.. £ir, yours, truly. Hekrv Ai.lpabs.—TO tbe Proprictors of Norton's Camomile PillB. _ J* .,•"-j-,,-;, ..'IB^lf. i itSKAViLLA COCO A.-~For l JBrjtijj&a;&riM; Olo&e;' tayi •- ** Various Importers aud; numofacturers have ittempted tbattaiii a. reptitatioufor their prepared CocoaR. bat we doubt whether ai'ty thoPongh •access had been achieved aiit3;MeasrsTaj'3or Brothers discovered the extraordinai^' qualittea of " Mantvilia * Cocoa. Adapting their perfect syst«h of preparation to thia finest of aU'speaes of the Theobroma.- they- 'tiuvA-prodnced an'article''whicb supereedesereryodief Cocoa iu the market. ' Entire soinbility, fa dolicate aroroa, anda rareconcen t rationof the purest'elements bf aiutrition, JdistingnUb the MaraviUa • Cocoa' xbove *ll. fithera. . For faomo^opntha invalids wo coptd not j feaaomenda' more agreeable or 1 aralimUe beverage.'^ Sold in packets only byjall Grocers, of whom also may/ e bad TaylcrBrpthera' Original Bomiiopathic Cocoa, and Solubla Chocolnte. ©team HiUs^-Brick Laue Londoa. : •': ' . f19s, . 