THE STOW CONGBE&A;'HONAIi CHURCH. The fbimdation stone of the new school buildings in connection with the above Church was laid by the newly arrived pastor the Rev. Coliner B. Symes, on Tuesday afternoon, 26th March. There was a very good attendance to witness the ceremony, including a large num ber of Congregational and other ministers, the deacons of Stow Church, and others. After a hymn had been sung, Mr C. Wylde read the' document, which with coins of the realm and Adelaide newspapers, was put in a bottle and inserted beneath the stone. The Eev. C. B. Sfmes having, with the assis tance of the architect and builder, adjusted the stone, declared it to be well and truly laid. He then ascendad the platform, and remarked that they had met in connection with an indepen dent or Congregational Cluirch holding to the evangelical truths of the Gospel, and their in tention was that the children for whom the building was to be raised should have some doctrinal trnths brought before them at the earliest age' — thpy would instil them line upon line and precept upon precept. They believed in actual ruin brought by the Fall, and the helplessness of any to save themselves till Christ's grace shptald reach them, and they in tended that to be taught decisively. They all believed in the atoning blood of Christ for re newal and the Holy Ghost to instil a new life, and these more cardinal truths would be brought under the attention of the children. As regarded distinctive Church principles, the age of those, they taught almost precluded them from anything like earnest and effectual teaching. They were Independents, and be lieved in the independency of every private Christian, and his responsibility to God alone for the opinions he held. They believed f ur- tner m tne tnaepenaency oi every collection or believers associated together; that they had a right to arrange their own worship, choose their ewn officers, and conduct their own affairs j that it was generally expedient to use those rights, and they contended against any authority being held over them by the civil power. These, were the principles they held and as the children grew old enough to appre ciate them they were anxious for them to hold these views, but most of all that they should become followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. Their work then was a very distinct one — to inspire them with a love for Bible truth, and having: done so they hoped to be able to in struct them in the things of God, so that the truths might be engrafted upon their hearts, and bear fruit in their life. They also hoped for the personal influence of Cristian people at a time when the mind and character were sus ceptible of almost any impression. He believed in the power of personal religious influence, and he trusted that the teach ers who would be connected with the school might have power to gain personal influence over the minds and con sciences of the children — influences which they might use for their spiritual well being. These were simply the purposes of their hearts, and npon these grounds he asked tlieir sympathy — the sympathy of the congregation and all con nected with it — that they might take an earnest and prayerful interest in the Sabbath School. The Rev. C. Manthoepe said he had bean asked to say a few words expressive of the sympathy of sister Churches with the move ment in which the brethren of that Cburch were engaged* Sympathy, however, should be practical, and he was sure they would have sympathy in a m-actical wav. There were few of their Churches but were indebted to the St«w and Freeman street Church for practical sympathy, and he thought it would be grateful and becoming if they returned some of the help, and showed that thev really sympathised with the good work which had been under taken. After prayer had been offered by the Rev. M. H.- Hodge, the doxology was sung, and the proceedings closed with the benediction pro nounced by the Rev. Mr Symes. 