35rto9 of tt-e 3035. A prisoner named James Devlin died in the Forbra gaol on Saturday afternoon. An inquest has been held, aad the jury returned a verdict that the deceased died from typhus fever, engendered by insufficient aooommoaation for the number of prisoners usually confined in the gaol, from over crowding and bad ventilation of cells, and from exceave heats of the exercising yard. Hie iurv added a rider recommending that immediate steps be taken by the Government to remedy the above defects. Within two months there will be a Roman Ca tholic Bishop of Bsllarat. Some time ago three ecclesiastics already settled in these colonies ware nominated as suitable for the dignity, and a new episoopal dignity now on his way to Australia is the bearer of the Papal Bull constituting one of the three nominated as Bishop of Baliarat. The Freeman's Journal, commenting on the Go vernor's proceeding in the border duties difficulty, styles him ' a titled numb-skull.' A large and influential meeting in opposition to the policy of Sir James Martin took place in Hay on Tuesday last Mr. Phelps stands as a osndidate for the representation of this distriot in the new Assembly. He is to be oppused by Mr. Pollard. Mr. Warby is also in the contest. Pub lic fading is strong sgainst the administration of Sir James Martin. Various rumour* are afloat aa to the expense to whioh the country is pot by a general election ; tbe Sydney Herald states that the entile cost of ths last general election was under £G000. The Adelaide OoieiTmieuthas arranged with the New South Wales Government that the Murray River duties shall be oollocted in South Australia under the old strrangnmml - A Victorian oountry t&per; relates a ghost story. On tbe night of Bis Bin Jiiiiiaijp^ 'aboot S o'clock, as the Bev. Mr. Bsyley, ^ooosnpssaed by two of kt Hngbaifs Jsiigliteis, Was&nvmgtawsrdsMill-; havsn, whs* owosite ML Waiobold's paddock, near the LdrtlBstd, JieLBapley ssw * nanst fnsulK dasssdiaflswiafcAhfterehs^ rise est of bolted light through the figure. Mr. Hughes ex claimed, ' Djwr me, what was thatT' Mr. ®aylev endeavoured .to poll the horse up ; but on he dashed, nor oould be be induced to stop till he reached the. gite at Millbavea.' ? Everyone will oamoide with Mr. W. J, Fits-1 gerald, the Baimsdale shire engineer, who mildly remarks in bis nnnn*^ report on the condition of the roads in bis district . — 'The oorpee interred in the road at Omeo should be removed, and I have intimated same to the chairman of the local ceme tery committee. There are entagh of cemeteries in Victoria to provide for all our dead bodies, at any rate.' The Colac Meat Preserving Company (Limited) it to be wound up. At the ordinary meeting on the Sth, the neoessary resolution was passed, and Mr. Sprigg was appointed liquidator. _ It is not likely that there will be much difficulty in dispos ing of the assets, as the last news from London showed that the company's rabbits and preserved meats were commanding a high price. The destructive effects of grasshoppers are thus related by the Linton correspondent of the Baliarat Star : — ' An acquaintance of mine, Mr. Arm strong Kerr, residing at Argyle, a couple of miles or so from Linton township, informs me that dur ing the past fortnight the grasshoppers have de stroyed about £12 worth of bis fruit. He states that from last Saturday evening till mid-day on the following day tbey devoured fully a hundred quartz of currents, both red and blaok. Peaches, plums, and other fruits all alike suffered. The fruit now being all gone, the insatiable pests have attacked tbe trees and greenery, and seem as if they will devour everything in the garden. 