Melbourne Items. We -arc indebted to the Srclbournc papers for the following items:— Pabliahentabt.—The Assembly set to work on Tuesday night in an excellent spirit, and recompensed itself for its quiet and good, behaviour by taking a holiday over the Governor's ball. The House rchewed the debate on the financial statement of the Treasurer, which had been deferred to enable him to secure a vote for the payment of salaries and contingencies for the present month. The late Treasurer reviewed at some length the "fact and figures " of his successor, in order to show that there was no necessity to have recourse to a public loan, with so large a surplus as was available fo the Government. The committer afterwards dealt with the estimates of the Chief Secretary's department, which, with the exception of tho education vote and one or two other small items, were agreed to. The Appropriation Bill, making provision for the payment of salaries and contingencies for tho present month, was assontol to by his Excellency during the afternoon, and will therefore oe available for the civil sen-ants as soon as the accounts become due. The House adjourned until Thursday afternoon, >'f.w Deputy Jcnui-:.—Mr. .T. J. B. Bowman, of Ik-eohworth, lias been appointed deputy to Judge iiackett. whose dutios have recently been largely increased by the temporary retirement of Judges !Nolan and Cope. Mr. Bowman is a colonial barrister, and was called to the Victorian bar in 1861. It may be remembered that he was a vice- chancellor's exhibitioner at the Melbourne University whilo studying there, having won tho prize for the best English essay. Lath Cape Memos. — From Cajjc papers, by the barque Bircligrove, wliich arrived on Monday, matters at the diamond fields are represented as becoming every day more disorderly. Bobberies were frequent and daring, and calls on the Grovernment for protection were urgently advanced. Business was said to be overdone, the briskerl trade which was carried ou bciug in guns, which realised from £6 to £7 a-piece. From 50 to 00 were being sold daily, but as a parcel of 3,(XX) was expected to arrive hourly, it was beb'eved the price would soon fail. A Polite Tknaxt.—A black man, named Francis, summoned a man named Taylor, to have him bound over to keep the peace, stating that he was afraid of his life from the violence of the defendant. It was shown in court that Francis claimed to have become the owner of premises occupied by Taylor, and had gone to the place on Wednesday last. Taylor said to Francis, " Well, Snowball, what do you want?" To wliich Francis replied, "I want my rent," and the rejoinder was, " If you are not off, I shall horsewhip you." The Mayor did not think that tliis amonntcd to a threat to take life, and dismissed the case. Axxe Mixiver Davis.—A petition is being numerously signed at ELstermvick in favour of a commutation of sentence on the woman Anne Miniver Davis, condemned to death for the alleged poisoning of her husband. There are two remarkable features in connection with this petition. • Oue is (liat it inferentially charges the man Street with being the attempted destroyer of Davis, and the other is that the first signature on (he paper is that of Davis, the husband of the condemned woman. It will be remembered that the Attorney-General directed a nolle prosequi to be recorded in the case of Street, and that the man has been set at liberty. The Government have a grave duty to perform in this business, and. it is to be hoped in the interests of justice that the whole of the evidence will be traversed to ascertain—first, whether Davis ever took strychnine at all, and if so, by whose hand it was administered. The Medical Society.—At a special meeting of the Medical Association held lately, to take into consideration the very unusual course adopted by the Grovernment of appointing a board of inquiry to ascertain the reasons which led to the resignation of certain members of the Medical Board, the following resolutions were unanimously agreed to:—1. That the Medical Board, as at present constituted, docs not fairly represent the medical profession of this colony; this meeting also considers that an additional number of members should be appointed, and that some of the provincial districts should, in justice to the large number of country practitioners, be represented. 2, That this meeting lias learned with surprise that several members of the Medical Board have resigned in consequence of the appointment of two additional members. 3\. That this meeting regrets that gentlemen occupying an important position should allow j»ersanal feeling to interfere with the discharge of a public duty, 4. That in the opinion of this meeting tho constitution of the board of inquiry appointed by the Grovernment is highly objectionable, inasmuch as it includes one gentleman who was the original cause of the differences at present existing in the profession. Laxd Ski.ectio.v at Giprs Laxd.— Mr. F. L. Smyth. M.L.A. for IS'orth Gipps Land, and Mr. Gingell, of Bairnsdnle, had an interview wiih the Minister of Lauds recently-and asked, on behalf of the residents of the district that the two morasses near Bairnsdale, known respectively as M'Leod's and Clifton's swamps, the former having an area of between 7,000 and 8,000 acres, and the latter of between 2,000 and 3,000 acrcs, might, be thrown 0]>en for selection. It was pointed out that both could be ensilv drained. there" being a fall of seven feet from M'Leod's swamp to the Mitchell River, and Mr. Casey promised that the morasses should he gazetted open for selection ou the 2nd September. Meat Pkeskiivixc..- In oinsequenre of the enhanced price "f stu.-k, and the demand for the more delicate meats, the preserving of rabbits and wild fowl Iw been carried on upon a large scale. Last season the enormous number of 00,000 bunnies were potted at the Colacmeat preserving works, and at the present time no less than 4,000 weekly are going, the way of ail flesh at these works. The Education Question*.—The Education League seems to be feeling its way in the suburban and country districts. Branch societies are already forming in various localities, and members of the parent league can be enrolled daily by the secretary pro (cm, at the Protestant Hall, in Stephen street. Committee- men arc also supplied with book lists, for the purpose of extending the membership of the league. iliPHTHEEiA.—The report of the Diphtheria Commission was presented to the Chief Secretary a few days ago. The only dissentient from its tenor was Dr. Lloyd, who desired to append his reasons to the foot of the report, but Dr. M'Crea declined to accept them. The report is signed by the Chief Medical OHiccr, as the chairman of the inquiry, Dr. Eeid, and Dr. Gunst. A communication has been forwarded to the Chief Secretary by Dr. Lloyd, complaining of the conduct of Dr. M'Crea, and enclosing the grounds of his dissent from the conclusions arrived at by his colleagues on the commission. The Peemissive Bill.—The licensed victuallers and others interested in the liquor trade mustered largely on Monday, at St. George s Hall, for the purpose of expressing their strong opposition to the Permissive Bill, now before the Legislative Assembly. There were only two resolutions submitted to the meeting, but they were to the point and were carried unanimously. It was alleged by the speakers that compulsory legislation on such a subject must of necessity be a failure, as shown by the results of previous trials in other countries, and it was also put to the meeting that vested interests would be unfairly dealt with, inasmuch as the policy of legislation for the past twenty years had been to encourage the trade ; while no provision was made in the bill for compensating those who would be to all int cuts ruined after the 31st December next uuder the provisions of the t)th clause of the measure. Mr. Munro, one of the most prominent advocates of tho Permissive Bill, opposed the resolutions, and interjected some remarks. He was threatened with ejection from *the hall, and had it not been lor the interposition of several gentlemen on the platform the threat would inevitably have been carried out; a-s it was he was rather strongly referred to by one of the speakers. The Postal Cabds.—The work of correspondence at the office of the Board of Education must be reduced very much in its proportions to what it was. The secretary has a regular set of postal cards, some twenty-five in number. These embrace a large variety of subjects connected with the .business of the oilice, viz.:— Grcneral businoss, accounts, appointments and removals of teachers, pupil teachers' licenses, allotments to schools, applications for aid to new schools, for building grants and salaries, and many other details. These cards are at present being useel at the rate of about 8<XX) in the year, and it is estimated that their introduction has effected a saying in the staff equivalent to the salaries of -two clerks. Ever since June, 1871, these labour saving appliances have been in use. The Gaol Beeakijtg at Ballabat. —The Ballarat Graol inquiry has been brought to a close, and the report presented to the Grovernment. The managers of the board were Mr. W. C. Smith, M.L.A., Mr. James, M.L.A., Lieui- Colonel Rede, and the Mayor of Ballarat, Mr. Lewis. They were instructed to inquire into all the circumstances connected with the recent escape of prisoners from the Ballarat Gaol, to report if any officer of the department was chargeable with neglect of duty for permitting such escape, and, further, to inquire and report upon the construction of the gaol buildings, and whether they afford adequate security for insuring the safe custody of persons confined therein. The board unanimously acquitted from blame the officers of the prison. Had the system formerly in force of not having the prisoners for trial in contiguous cells, and constantly changed from one cell to another, been continued, the board are of opinion that the escape of prisoners would nave been a matter of great difficulty. The defective nature of the building is pointed out, and the board recommend that certain improvements shall be made to render it more secure. An increase in the number of turnkeys on night duty, and the arming of the warders with double-barrelled guns and revolvers, is also referred to as neccssary. The report of the board has been transmitted to the Inspector- General of the Penal Department, and instructions have been given that the recommendations be proinptly carried into effect. The Gipps Land Railway.—Mr. F. L. Smyth informs the Gipps Land jieople that the survey for the North Gipps Land railway will be commenced immediately after the vote for preliminarv survcys has passed the Assembly. The bill for the construction of the railway will be brought in next session. So'day Receeatiok.—There are two parties in the Geelong Town Council, and they appear to be pretty evenly balanced. One is in favour of opening Johnstone Park to the public on Sundays, while the other insists upon the gates being locked. In order to finally "determine this weighty matter, a call of the whole council is to be made, when the question is to be settled. The Railways.—The Victorian TJailwav returns of traflic for week ending 18th J id v. 1S72. slum the folloning results :—Receipts for week. £1U.«HI» lis.: aggregate from 1st July. i;2!l.2l!i 1<»>. Nd.: and weeklv erage. "i'!i71!> 1 K ' - 1<''1. For week ending 2<i|ii -Inly. 1*71. the flirures were given as: Week's receipts, i'.iytr 12s. 2d. ; iig^re-.-He rc- rip!-, £29.711 Is. lid.; anil weekly avenige, £9903 14>. The Peemissive Bill.—A numcrouslyattendcl meeting of the licensed victuallers and others interested in the liquur trade was held on Monday at St. (ieorge's Hall, in oppisition to the Permissive Bill now Ijcfjrc Parliament. The bill was opposed on a variety ot grounds, but chiefly because ii made no discrimination between reputable and disreputable licensees : that it would close all hotels, breweries, and winc'aml spirit stores in any district where it was enforced ; and because it did not provide any compensation for tho thousands of respeciaM-.' -rs >ns who were dependent upon the li pi'ir iraiii -, and would iic ruined by the passing u£ t he bill. A resolution authorisiiif. r the chairman, Mr. W. (J. Wilson, of Scott's Hotel, t'> siyu mi behalf o? the meeting a petition to Parliament against the passing uf the bill, was unanimously adopted. A few of the advocates of the permissive principle were present. but the meeting would not tolerate their interference in the proceedings. Highway Robbery Txuf.r Arm?.—A robbery of this description has been reported to the Wliroo and Murchison police. (Jeorpe Anderson, of Murchison. and David M'Intyre. of Tylden, were proceeding on horseback from Whroo to Murchison one evening lately, and when three miles from the former place, on the Jlurchisuu road, a highway robber sprang from behind a live, ami, presenting a double-barrelled gun :a them, ordered them to stand, or he would .-hoot them. They obeyed the order, and • ii-- robber made them sn ip off their cuat- an 1 and walk across the road : he then sean-h'-d the clothing, taking from Anderson nineteen £1-notes and some silver, and from M'luivro four sovereigns, ten shillings in -ilv.-r. a silver geneva watch, and a:i imitaiion-uoM watch guard, a pocket, knife, mid tuiiacn. The robber, after takinfr pos-cssioii of ihe valuables, returned the cloihiiiL', and eoni- Iielled. both horsemen to proceed on tiuir journey, leaving him on the road. TiiH occurred about seven o'eloet;. and t-.v . hours afterwards they conveyed information io the police of the occurrence. The vieti;:;.; wen; unable to say ill which direction the ioM>.t proceeded, and state that they would have difficulty in identifying him. us he could only be indistinctly seen by the moonlight.— Berulii/o JndeperuUrit. The Internatiohal Exhibition-.—Tho Exhibition to be held in November next will differ from previous expositions in 6ever.il important particulars. The series of exhibitions which are now being held annually at •South Kensington are scc'.ional and not general. Fine arts, scientific inventions, and new discoveries are admissible every yeir, hut the manufactures are limited to certain classes ; thus in 1S73, the exhibits will include silk and velvet, steel manufactures and cutlery, carriages not connected with rail or tramways, agricultural products, drysaltery, grocery, »nd preparations of food ; wines, spirits, beer, and other drinks, and tobacco ; implements for drinking, and use of tobacco ; cookery and its science, and tbe machinery aud the raw materials for the process. Tho preliminary exhibition, which it is intended to hold in Melbourne, will includc all these various divisions, as well as leather, wool, wood, ores, building stoue, coal, mineralogical and geological specimens, natural history, and miscellaneous. In another column will bo found the official programme of the commissioners for Victoria for the Melbourne Exhibition, nnd it is aunounced the arrangements under which exhibits will be sent to London will shortly be made public. The importance to the colony of having the extent and magnitude of her resources brought prominently before the world can scarcely l>e exaggerated, and we trust that this locality will take steps to be properly represented both in Melbourne and London. Tub Ticitbohne Claimant and Arthur Orton.—The following tetter appears in the Gulgong Guardian :—" Sir, — Observing in your issue of Wednesday a paragraph relative to Arthur Orton and his whereabouts, will you please allow me through your columns to state :—I was steward on board the ship Middleton, Captain Storie, commander, on her voyage in 1S53, leaving Torbay, January 10th, and arriving in Hobart Town on the 1st day of May. On board of this vessel was the said Arthur Orton, in charge of two Shetland ponies. In all there wero but five passengers. Upon the ship's arrival at Hobart Town I obtained my discharge and crossed to Victoria. Orton at the time was about twenty-one or twenty-two years old, five feet nine or ten inches high, light bruwn hair, and blue eyes. Having been ouo hundred and five days in his company, I feel certain under any circumstanccs I could identify him again. If 1 can render auy service by information I shall be happy to give the same.—I am, sir, yonrs obediently, Cornelius McClinchy, Herbert street. - ' The discussion on spiritism was continued on Monday, in the Independent Kail, Russell street, Mr. F. Call, P. NI. in the chair. The hall was crowded with listeners, who by their cheers and hisses showed their keen interest in the progress of the discussion. Mr. Blair had decidedly the best of the argu- ment, and dealt a fatal blow at the doctrines of spiritism by quoting the contra,lictory dogmas of its oracles, some of which were absnrd, and others blasphemous. Mr. Tyerman, for proof of the reality of tho manifestations, adduced statements of several persons most of them from Yankee land, and claimed that in them was testimony strong enough to satisfy a court of law. Mr. Blair called these Yankee ghost stories. There is to bo a third discussion on Monday night next. TnE barque Condor takes some hundred persons from our shores. The majority of these are miners, who go to tempt tlicir fortunes ns gold linriters in the Northern Territory. Others, however, are of a Tery different tum of mind, are proceeding (according to the Age) to Port Darwin for purely scientific purposes. One i« going to collect, on behalf of our Government, botanicul specimens; others are going as entomologists. Few persons are aware of the extent to which orders from England are sent to Melbourne for the purpose of enriching the naturalists' collections in the old country. One gentleman resident in the city hns an order for a thousand pounds' worti of beetles, flies, and entomological varieties. He is specially sending a collector to Port Darwin, whose task will be to collect specimens of all kinds. From crocodile skins down to the minutest insect that can be fonnd, nothing will come amiss ti him. Those persons going by the C. ndor are not the only ones who have set out for tbe search of specimens. Immediately a vefsel is advertised to leive the port for j any place nnvisited. among the fir't to take • their passage are these gentlemen »ln to ! unfnqiienU-i] places find their way ill search of Hie rare nnd the btantiful in infeet and I Other life. In ihe ill-fated New Guinea ex- ! pedition were ceretal gentlemen whose |-rinfcip»l (iicA was to gather for the Melbourne > market curioiitiee in natural history. 