SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1872. When we coasider the damnatory nature of the charges brought by Mr. FRANCIS last night against the late Administration, we can easily under- stand why it was thought-advisable to send a chosen band of Mr. DUFFY'S leather-lunged followers to prevent the Chief Secretary from obtaining a hearing. For over two hours the electors of Richmond, were denied a chance of hearing the candidate for their suffrages and the official exponent of the policy of the new Government, by a handful of disreputable vagabonds gathered from various places outside the district, evi- dently for the sole purpose of creating a disturbance. We Bhould have thought that Mr. DUFFY'S party had sufficient experience of public life to know that such tactics never succeed in the end, and that they can only injure the cause they are Intended to serve. In the present instance, -people will be sure to say that it was simply a dread of the revelations that its members knew Mr. FRANCIS would be sure to make which drove them to the Billy expedient of endeavouring to drown his voice by clamour. The effect of such ungenerous conduct cannot fail to prove favourable to the Chief Secre- tary, for the electors as a whole appre- ciate fair-play, and will rally round a man whom it is sought to condemn without a hearing. . Few who read Mr. FBANCIS'S speech will deny that he sheets home to the Duffy Administration several charges of jobbery and corrupt administration. We have already given particulars of the improper insertion of advertisements in a paper called the Times and Mines. It appears that as the circumstances of ' the late Government grew more desperate the subsidies to this influential organ be- came more lavish-the proofs of their tender regard for its welfare having been of the most touching nature during the last week or so of their troubled existence. Some of our readers may be aware that a certain sum is placed on the Estimates and granted by Parlia- ment for advertising. The amount for this year has long ago been expended, and the funds to meet the claims of the proprietors of this friendly print were taken out of the Treasurer's advance without any legisla- tive authorisation whatever. Appa- rently, however, this is not the only paper that the late Government de- lighted to honour in this way, for Mr. FRANCIS tells us that -the amount expended during the past twelve months in advertising will very much exceed the usual limits. Assuming, however, that the favours of Mr. DUFFY'S Ad- ministration were strictly confined to the Times and Mines alone, the conduct of its members in this matter was of the most nefarious and corrupt description. Money was taken out of the public purse, in the most barefaced and illegal manner, for the purpose of providing the Govern- ment with a party organ. Keally the circumstances of the case are such that Parliament will fail most egregiously in its duty to the public if it pass the matter over without instituting the most searching inquiry, and, if possible, bring- ing the offenders to justice. Expulsion from the House and the society of all I honest men would not be too severe a punishment for such conduct. But it was not in a newspaper only that the late Ministry took a paternal in- terest. Mr. DUFFY and his colleagues appear to have been filled with solicitude for the pecuniary well-being of a certain legal gentleman, to wit, DANIEL ABRA- HAM HUGHES, Esq., barrister-at-law, &c.; This favoured individual, who haunted the Law Offices like a rapacious ghost, and attended the Attorney-General almost more constantly than his shadow, has been dipping his hands into the Treasury lately to an extent which will considerably astonish some of those in- nocent gentlemen who persist in be- lieving in the honesty of the persecuted saints who have just been driven from office by a malignant Opposition. Mr. DAKIEL ABRAHAM HUGHES has received during the last three months £1,048 on account of bills which he was to draft-when he could find time, we suppose. At all events, he has not found it convenient to finish them as yet, although, as we have stated, he has drawn money against them with com- mendable promptitude. As they will probably not be wanted now, Mr. HUGHES will be under the painful I necessity of returning -£1,048 to the national exchequer, and although wa have not the slightest doubt that he will hasten to do so with all reasonable speed, we submit that the payments were scarcely, in order in the first in fltancfj^-îf all the Government accounts were^softlëcl in advance in this con- fiding manner, we fear that some loas would occasionally accrue to the state. Of course Mr. HUGHES will at once re- fund ; but then all men might not prove so scrupulously correct in their dealings, Bills appear to have been drawn up on a somewhat curious principle under Mr. WALSH'S régime. Take the Mining on Private Property Bill, or Royal Mines Bill as it/was grandiloquently styled. It was in/the first place given to Mr. TRENçp£_autthat gentleman, apparently ? ?gtSvsyweary of the subject, and after drawing £170 or thereabouts, refused to have anything further to do with it. It was then taken in hand by Mr. ATKINS, who managed to get as far as £269 before finally abandoning it to it» fate. Last of all, as might have been expected, it got into 'the clutches of the omnivorous HUGHES, who' did as much to it as he could afford to do for £210. However,' to do him justice, he did produce a mea- sure of some sort, which ÍB more than can be said for the two other gentlemen, but it was drawn so roughly that the printer's bill for alterations was something ap- palling. The original cost of setting up this production of Mr. HUGHES'B genius was £22 18s. 6d., but his alterations amounted to £112 6s. 6d. In fact, the total cost of the Boyal Mines Bill was between £700 and £800, and the public will be gratified to hear that in Mr. WILBEKFOBCE STEPHEN'S opinion, it ia not worth the paper it is printed on. The sum voted by Parliament for pro- fessional assistance In the Crown Law departmentwas£l,500; the expenditure will amount to about £4,500. Messrs. WALSH and SPENSLEY'S professional friends have cost the country dear. There was one member of the late Ministry in whose honesty the people had implicit trust. Faults he migkfc have innumerable, but his honour no one doubted. It is doubtful, however, after what Mr. FKANCIS said last night, whether Mr. GBANT will ever again hold the place in public estimation that he has occupied during so many years. Truly, the Chief Secretary may look on himself as one of the greatest icono- clasts of modern times, for he is shat- tering popular idols in all directions, It will be remembered that by one of the clauses in the Land Act of 1862, it was enacted that the Crown grants o£ country lands taken up by free selectors should not be issued unless improvements had been made to the extent mentioned In the statute, or a fine of five shillings per acre had been paid. To evade these conditions was the object of the celebrated Quieting of Titles Bill, the passage of which was so hotly contested, but which was ultimately thrown out. But what Parliament re- fused to do on that occasion Mr. GBANT haB taken on himself to effect of his own mere will and motion. By a stroke of his pen, and in direct violation of the law, he did all that he could departmentally during the few weeks when the Government was so busy in endeavouring to placate the holders of votes, to insure the issue of the Crown grants for no leBS than 87,700 acres-20,000 of which belong to one man-without insisting on the improvements or demanding the 5s. per acre fine for their non existence. In other words, for reasons best known to himself, he wished to give away some £22,000, and virtually ignored the policy which has underlain our land legis- lation for years. These assertions, be it remembered, aro no rumours, but solid facts, supplied and vouched forby the offi- cers of the department. Luckily for the country, the grants have not yet been issued, and may yet be stopped, but for that we owe no thanks to the late Com- missioner. Parliament can hardly allow such a matter aB this to pass without demanding an explanation ; and we imagine that, by the time the House assembles, the late Ministry will have a heavy reckoning to meet. We have already dealt with the abuse of patron- age, and must reserve our remarks on Mr. FRANCIS'S education scheme until another occasion, Our happily slight experience of " foot-and-mouth disease " has esta- blished one fact, namely that it assumes a less virulent character in Australia than in England. In the latter country it is not often fatal, but it is neverthe- less exceedingly injurious to the stock affected by it. Milch cows which it at- tacks lose a whole year's milk; store cattle are thrown back a full year; steers ripening for the butcher become so emaciated that their price falls from £12 or £15 to £3 or £i per head. But here, in cases in which the cattle affected can be properly attended to, the conse- quences do not seem to be by any means so serious. The herd of milch, cows near the Werribee among which the complaint firat appeared did not die-neither did they lose their milk altogether. Nor was their milk so affected by their unhealthy condition as to be rendered unfit for human food. So much has already been ascer- tained in regard to this new cattle plague, as it affects Australian stock j and so far the diagnosis is encouraging. Even If the complaint has not been already fully acclimatised in the Aus- tralian continent, we Bhall always bo liable to it so long as It prevails In Great Britain, whatever precautionary measures we may adopt ; and it Is in some measure satisfactory to find that It takes a less virulent form here than In Europe. The next question to be considered in regard to the disease Is-whether it has been imported or has appeared spon- taneously ? If we are to believe the statements of European experts, the latter is the more likely hypothesis. The British authorities combine in saying that foot-and-mouth disease runs its courso in from ten to fifteen days; and we find nothing in their writings to support the theory that animals may carry the germs of the disease about with them for six months or more. Yet this muBt be possible Iif we ¿ave foot-and-mouth disease in the colony now, about which we regret lo find that there cannot be the least doubt. Accepting it as a fact that 'the complaint is here, then we must also accept it as true that the com- plaint has extraordinary vitality, and quite unusual means of prolonging and Bpreadlng Itself. The term during which foot-and-mouth disease is sup- posed, by English authorities, to ex- haust itself, must have increased five or six fold if the complaint has been brought here fromïEnglond in an active form ; and If it {has been introduced at secondhand, by means of fodder or ships'fittings contaminated by animals that died of the disease at Bca, then the complaint muet be of the most per- sistent and insidious character, The safest plan for us to adopt is to reject altogether the theory of a spontaneous outbreak of the complaint, and direct -our efforts simultaneously to the stamp- ing out of the disease as already exist- ant in the colony, and the prevention of any further importation of it. In regard to the latter point, we would say that no great harm would onsue if no further importation of cattle from Europo were permitted, at least for many years tp come. Already we have neat stock only second to the very best in Great Britain, if it is second, and it is doubtful whether we should not do wiselyin directing our efforts rathertothe building up of a thoroughly Australian type, on the basis of the excellent Imported stock already In the colony, rather than to the introduction of new prizetakers from England. At all events, no serious loss can accrue from closing our ports against foreign cattle for some time to come, and that is [all the more necessary since the persistent vitality of foot-and-mouth disease, to which we have already referred, renders it diffi- cult, if not Impossible, to be resisted or repelled by quarantine regulations, be they ever so strict. If a three months' voyage will not kill or cure in a com ¡plaint whose proper and natural duration Is ten days or a fortnight, what is to be (effected by means of quarantine 1 If foot-and-mouth disease has really appeared in the colony, whether by im- portation or otherwise, no effort must be spared and no expense must be grudged, which appears to offer a reasonable hope that its spread may be prevented. The effects of itB unchecked ravages would be so disastrous that the best mode of dealing with it becomes a ques- tion, not only of Victorian, but of Australian importance. As has already been explained, the disease would prove much more injurious here than in England, because Australian herds are large and wild, and the animals of .which they are composed cannot be tended with that care which has been found indispensable to the suc- cessful treatment of foot-and-mouth disease in European countries. We .must, therefore, prevent the spread of the complaint almost at any price. Cattle known to be affected must be destroyed, whatever their value, and 4he buildings in which they have been Siouaed should be burnt down. And "easts whose antecedents suggest that they may have the germs of the disease In their system, or on their skins, should be treated in the same way. The experience we have had points to the conclusion that the seeds of the disease which we are considering may long re- tain their vitality, and it is necessary that we should act as if this were fully proved to be tho real state of the case. Let all suspected animals, ithen, be killed and burled, and all %ildings or fittings with which they came in Contact during their life foe burned or otherwise destroyed. _To other measures will give the stock of the colony a fair chance, and no words of ours are required to prove that it is of the last importance that our cattle should be protected against disease, so íar as that is possible by legislative or administrative means. Eecurring to the act just passed loy the Legislature on this subject, we would observe that some people think it too lax, while others con- sider it too stringent. For our own part, we do not think that it meets the -requirements of the case in a manner that can be considered altogether satis iactory. No provision is made In it .for the remuneration of stoekowners whose cattle are destroyed that the spread of the disease may he pre- vented, nor is any limit put to the demands that sheepowners may make on this score. But for all this, the com- missioners who have to deal with the »business Bhould perform their duty tho- roughly and well, leaving the adjustment -of accounts to the future. Their duty is to prevent the spread of the complaint foy sharp and strong measures, and the public will not grudge any reasonable (expense that they may incur. Whether 'íoot-and-mouth disease has been im- ported into the colony or has arisen in It, is of little consequence-it seems that uve now have it among us, and there is scarcely any degree or amount of trouble .or expense that it would not pay us well to incur in order to extirpate the plague altogether or confine it within manage- able limits. Boobooism reigned triumphant in Eich xnond last night. Bat we must do tho Rich- mond people the castice of stating that the Jboohooism was not of their originating. It was foreign to the soil. The offscourings of Collingwood-ñat and of Pentridgo had been called into requisition, and had been duly led and beered to prevent Mr. Francis being heard. As soon as the town hall was opened it was evident that there was a com- pact and organised body banded together to prevent Mr, Francis from speaking, although fully three fourths of the meet- ing were in his favour. Mr. Ramsden was in the chair, and for more than two hours a small portion of the persons present kept up such an awful and hideous noise that evory attempt cither to hoar or to speak was simply ridiculous. The mob had its orders, and these orders were faithfully carried out. Such a chorus of yelling was mover heard before. Of course it will be denied that theBe orders were given, but actions speak loudor than words. It had teen known for days that Mr. Francis would not bo allowed to speak. But this is not all. It oppoars that there was very good ground why Mr. Francis should be prevented from T**iaking. His revelations were altogether too i_maging, and proved too conclusively the existence of the most corrupt practices during the administration of the late Government, to permit of their being quietly made. Unable to be heard in thetovrn-hall, Mr. Francis, at the solicitation of his friends, spoke subse- quently in one of the adjoining rooms, at which about 100 persons were present. The j hon. member's statement was attentively listened to, and the facts narrated by him wero received with tho greatest astonishment. One fact stated by Mr. Francis characteristic of the manner in which the late Administra tion treated its friends, waa that during the last throe months Mr. D. A. Hughes received £1,048 on account of bills ho was drafting, but which had not been completed. The startling átate monta made by Mr. Francia will be found ia another column. They are all based on official returns, they bear the impress of truth, and prove how utterly unfit was tho late Ad- ministration for tho high offico it held. At tho close of the hon. member's address, the usual vote of confidence was carried by acclamation. The Opposition party is still at a loss to find any candidates to contest the electorates of St. Kilda or West Melbourne, For tho former constituency the name of Mr. Tallott has been mentioned in addition to that of Mr. M'Naughton. Mr. Tallett, however, has no intontion of offering himself to the elec- tors, as he is aware that under presont circum- stances his chance of return would be hope- less. Mr. M'Naughton has not yet finally de- cided what courso to take, and he will probably bo guided to a considerable extent by the character of the meeting which is to be held at Prahran tonight. At West Melbourne, also, no Opposition candidate is at present forthcoming. Mr, Stevenson, of Stevenson and Elliott, who was requested to stand, has positively declined, and a letter in which he states his reasons for adopting that course appears in another column. Messrs. Buckley and Healey, who were spoken of a few days ago, have no intention of offering themselves. Mr. H. W. Langlands, of the Langlands Foundry, has, it is said, been communicated with by the Democratic Association, but it is not considered likely that he will come forward. The name of Captain Perry, of Williamstown, who waa formerly a momber of the Assembly, has been mentioned. We understand that on ascer- taining from Mr. Jas. Service that he did not intend to become a candidate, Captain Perry intimated that he should offer himself, but ho has not yet publicly announced the fact. In Bast Melbourne, the committees of both candidates are at work ; but though Mr. Clarke's friends boost that he is making pro- gress, those who aro well acquainted with the constituency are confident that Mr. Cohen will securo a large mojority. The position of affairs at Sandhurst and Mandurang remains un- changed, and the opposition there seems likely to breakdown altogether. The Minister of Railways arrived at Maryborough on Thurs- day morning, and bos commenced an active canvass. We learn from the Advertiser that about 80 of his supporters met at the M'lvor Hotol on Thursday night, when Mr. Gillies briefly addressed tho meeting ia explanation of the Government policy, and of the course of action he had taken in Parliament. He was frequently cheered, and on concluding ho waa warmly applauded. It was decided to form a committee, and C4 names wore imme< diately given in. Several gentlemen attended on behalf of a numerous committee which had been formed at Carisbrook, and they assured the meeting that almost perfect una- nimity prevailed in that locality to sup- port Mr. Gillies. The Minister of Rail ways intended to visit without delay the different portions of the district, and wii address the electors at Maryborough or Wednesday next. Regarding the Ovens election, the Advertiser says that the oppo- sition threatened against the Solicitor-Genera is "simply laughable." Indeed, Mr. Kerferd'i re-election seems to bo regarded in th( district as a certainty. With regard to tht vacancy caused in the representation of th( Murray district by the resignation of Mr Witt, a candidate has presented himself ir Mr. John Orr, who formerly represented thii district. Mr. Orr, we understand, will bl prepared to give to tho present Governmen a general support. The Hon. Alexander Fraser, M.L.C. ha consented to represent the Government in thi Legislative Council. He was yesterday ap pointed Minister of Public Works, and oi Monday next will be appointed Vice-Presiden of the Board of Land and Works. His ap pointment as Commissioner of Public Work was announced in a supplement to lastnight' Government Q.QMtte, and, be.is also gazetted a a momber of the Executive Council. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly notifies, in the Government Gazette of las night, his intention to issue on Tuesday nex a writ for the election of a member of th Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of the Murray, in the place of Mr. Witt, whos resignation waa announced yesterday. Some of the country journals have beet loud in their praise of the liberal administra tion of the Land Act which characterised th late Government. In some cases the admi nistration waa, no doubt, liberal-too libera by half. It will bo remembered that uu.de the Land Act of 18G2 selectors wero bound t make improvements to the extent of £1 pe acre, or pay a penalty of Ss. per acre, befor the issue of the Crown grant. It was sough to got rid of this provision by the Quieting o Titles Bill, introduced by Mr. Tucker. Par- liament refused to pass this measure, and th Land Act of 1869 continued the penalty. No1 withstanding this, however, Mr. Grant ha been issuing Crown grants without either th improvements being made or the penalty er forced, To such an extent has this bee: done, that during three weeks, shortly befor the late Government left office, Crown grant for 87,000 acres of land wero issued to 14 ind viduals, the state thus losing in penalties which ought to have been enforcer. £21,750. The proceedings of the Foot-and-mouth Disease Commission yesterday are reported elsewhere. From our telegraphic intelligent; it will bo seen that the Governments of Ne South Walea and South Australia have, I proclamation, prohibited the importation ( Victorian cattle into those colonies. The following additional list of legally- qualified medical practitioners, registered under the provisions of the Medical Prac- titioners Statute 1865, has been published in the Government Gazette :—John Alexander Walcott, Emerald-hill, M.D., Yale College U.S.A., 1828; M.R.C.S. Eng, 1845. Joseph Francis Usher, Ballarat, L.A.H., Dub., 1872; M.D., Univ. New York ; U.S.A., 1872. Wil- liam Joseph Richard Ray, Melbourne, L.S.A Lond., 1870 ; M.R.C.S. Eng. 1871. Fredarit Spicer, Melbourne, M.R.C.S. Eng. 184^ L.S.A. Lona., 1843. John James Mage Hotham, L. et L. Midwif. ; R.C.S. Edirj 1856 ; L.S.A. Lond., 1809. It is announced in the Gazette that an e amination of candidates for certificates competency as engineers and surveyors land and works will be held, at a place to 1 notified in Tlie Argus, at 10 o'clock on Tut doy, Wednesday, and Thursday, the 131 14th, and 15th of August. The following a the subi'ects in which candidates will be e amined :-1. Field- work and topography ; u and adjustment of instruments, 2. Constrc tion and maintenance of roads, includi principles and practice. 3. Substructure general principles and practice in relation various materials. 4. Collection and distrit tion of water, including general principles a practice. In last night's Gazette the Governme offer a reward of £50 for information ti will lead to the conviction of the person w caused the death of the newly-born info discovered at Bendigo-flat, Sandhurst, on t 12th May. The following particulars i given to aid in doteotion :-" The upper p of the child's body was wrapped in a womo printed cotton jacket, the pattern being pi stripes on a white ground. The jacket 1 long and narrow sleoves with a frill of < inch in width extending from the shoulden the wristbands. The lower part of tho chil body was wrapped in a piece of a ms common blue-striped shirt, and waa covered externally by a very coarse canvas apron, the string of which was tied round the child's neck. A piece of quart« weighing about seven pounds was enclosed iu the canvas apron." , A reward of £50 each is offered m last night's Gazette for the apprehension of the prisoners who escaped from the Bal- larat Gaol and who have not yet been captured. The four men at large are thus described:-"1. Andrew Goorge Scott native of Co. Tyrone, Ireland, with a strong north of Ireland accent, aged 27 years, 5ft. 8£in. high, medium and well built, round face, long sharp pointed nose, dark oyes, with a keen and determined expression, dark whiskers and moustache, shaven chin, drags the left leg and foot slightly in walking ; wore light tweed coat, black cloth cap with peak ,* and appearance of a Bailor. Was under committal for trial to the next sittings of the Ballarat Circuit Court for the Egerton bank robbery. 2. William Taylor, a Londoner, a carpenter, aged 130 years, 5ft. 4Jin. high, stout build, sallow complexion, brown hair and eyos. 3. James Stapleton, alias Fitzpatrick. Irish, aged 61 years, 5ft. 4in. high, sallow complexion, grey hair and beard, brown eyes, arms freckled, sear corner left eyebrow, and has lost upper front teeth. 4. John Der- mody, alias Harris, au American, aged 21 years, 5ft. 8.} in. high, stout build, fresh com- plexion, light brown hair, blue eyes, nose in- clined to the left, threo warts on knuckles of left hand, and anchor tattooed on left wrist." The weekly abstract of the births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban registration districts during the week ending 8th June shows that the births during that period numbered 124 and the deaths 51. Scarlatina is reported as prevalent at Emerald-hill, but all the other districts are healthy. Though out of office, the Duffy Government cannot do without their banquots. The Kyneton Observer of Friday says ;-" Some circulars were sent round yesterday to a favoured few, with a view of getting up a banquet to the late Ministry. The main- spring of this movement is, we havo reason to believe, a person who gave Mr, Duffy a thick-and- thin support, and who was rewarded for his adulation in a manner that must have exceeded his most sanguine expectations. ! Now, we sbould have thought there had been enough and to spare of these political feasts. We are confident that Mr. Duffy will in no way be benefited thereby. The use he made of the banquets before his defeat tended more than any other circumstances to ruin him. The colony wants peace and legislation, not faction, discord, and retrogrado action. As Mr. Duffy had not tho tact to induce work, let him give others the chance of doing what ho asserted they wonld not allow him to do. If he thinks he has been wronged he must not stop legislation, for in that case he will injure the whole colony, and we are quite sure that any political demonstration in this district ia favour «EC Mr. Duffy will only tend to bring about an agitation that will be of no benefit to anyone." In an article criticising the now Victorian Ministry, the Hobart Town Mercury makes the following observations :-" The late Ministry assumed to itself the title of the 'Ministry of Action,' but descended to becom- ing a banqueting club, and! may be said to havo died of surfeit, The functions of Govern- ment can never bo well dischargod when guided by too much of the after-dinner element ; and to maintain their positions and fulfil the obligations and promises made, as peripatetic bons-vivants, the colony would have been obliged to pay for their piping and danc- ing, Their ejection from office should there- fore be matter of satisfaction to every friend of truly constitutional government. During their tenure oE office they wore ostentatious in promiso, butextremely meagre in performance As to their successors, there can scarcely be two opinions. If Mr. Duffy could flatter himself that he was surrounded by men of action, the Ministry of Mr. Francis may be regarded as the Ministry o£ integrity and repute. We think that we may safely say that the new Ministry will bear favourable comparison with anybody of men that has yet carried on the Government of Victoria." The Ballarat Courier says :-" We are given to understand that in consequence of some discrepancies in the standards issued by the ¡n*;pi?t0I>BeDeral o£ Customs, steps ure being taken by Mr. Lovett, of this city, and Mr. Drew, of the' shires of Ripon and Grenville and the boroughs of Browns and Scarsdale and of Smythesdale, with a view of testing, and eliciting and giving information, in order to establish a moro united action. These proceedings are necessary, as there have been many com plaints between the different banks ; and, now that tho Mint is established, it behoves all inspectors to be most circumspect boforo passing any weights, as there will bo now a very stringent check. We hoar that the meeting proposed will take place at the City-hall on Wednesday, 19th inst." Though tho South Australian Register appears to be acquainted with the contents of the Earl of Kimberley's despatch on the question of intercolonial free trade, it has not yet published the document, which it describes as a voluminous one. Referring to the despatch, the Register says :-" It enters at great length into the arguments submitted at the last Intercolonial Conference, and subse- quently in memoranda from Ministers in the various Australian provinces upon the subject of differential duties, and invites a farther discussion of the subject. Earl Kimberley, who writes in an exceedingly courtoous and conciliatory spirit, urges that it would he better for the colonies to adopt the policy of free trade, which has been found so beneficial in Great Britain, but makes no attempt to dictate the course that should be pursued. In effect he withholds his decision upon the subject of differential tariffs and the right of the colonies to make fiscal arrangements with other states until he has heard additional arguments." Mr. Anthony! Trollope is at present travel- ling in the north-eastern districts of the colony. He was at Beechworth on Wednes- day and was to leave on the following day. Mr. J. B. Slack, who has been in gaol for the last year for contempt of the Insolvent Court, in not paying certain costs, appears to have become tired of his prolonged imprison- ment, and he a few days ago applied for and obtained a writ of habeas corpus, directing the governor of the gaol to show by what warrant he was detained. The writ was returnable yesterday, and Mr. Slack was brought up before Mr. Justice Williams in chambers. His Honour said that as the writ was granted by the Chief Justice, it would be better to let the case be argued before him. Mr. Slack said that as in his opinion there was some equity involved in tho case, he would like it to be heard by Mr. Justice Molesworth. His Honour replied that he could make that application to the Chief Justice, and if upon inquiry it was found that Mr. Justice Molesworth was willing to hear the case, he was sure there would be no ob- jection by the other judges. Mr. Lawes, who appeared for the creditors at whose instance Mr. Slack is incarcerated, said that if Mr. Slack would file his schedule the attorneys (Messrs. Macgregor, Ramsay, and Brahe) would pay the expenses and he could be liberated at once. Mr. Slack refused to accept the terms offered, and he was then remanded till Monday, when the Chief Justice would be in town. Soveral of the schools of design havo been visited during the week, by Mr S. H. Roberts, on boholf of the Technological Commission, and he has reported the result of his exami- nation. At the St. Kilda School, held at th« Town-ball, under the superintendence o! Messrs. Hamel and Vardy, there were 31 pupils present, drawing from the round anc from flat examples. At the Prahran schoo ' there wore 35 pupils preaenl, the classes being conducted by Mr. J. J. Peppercorn, assisted by the hon. sec. (Mr. M'Kensie). There is also a ladies' class in connexion with this school. The Fitzroy school was attended by 37 pupils, under Messrs. Moore, White, and Joachimi. The pupils wera engaged in drawing from the model, also from tho black board, and several drawings in projection and details of buildings were in progress. There ware 88 pupila present at the South Melbourne School of Art, under Messrs, Davidson, Rasche, Lam- bert, and Wilson. There is a Saturday class at this school, to which ladies are admitted. The Artisans' School of Design, Trado3-hall, was attended by 151 pupila las: evening, and the efforts of the committeo in imparting a moro technical character to tho work of the school are beginning to produce good fruit, the moro useful classes of the school being by far the largest, as will be seen from the fol- lowing numbers in each class :-Elementary, 24 ; geometrical, 22 ; mechanical and architec- tural, 23; ornamental, 30 ; landscapeand figure, 52\. We are glad to see that the Carpenters' Society, at their last meeting, voted £5 to be given in prizes to the best pupils in the architectural, mechanical, and geometrical classes. This, with the £10 placed at the dis- posal of the committee by the late Hon. George Rolfe, and tho sum presented by the Painters' Society, should be great encourage- ment to tho pupils. Altogether the move- ment for teaching drawing as a, branch of technical education appears to be pro- gressing as well as the very limited means and appliances at the command of the various committees will admit of. There are many things required at most of the schools, as models and casts of all kinds, also flat examples of ornamental, mechanical, and architectural drawing, better desks, and other appliances. The monthly meeting of the Council of Ihe National Agricultural Society was held yester- day. There were presont-The president in the chair, with Mossrs. Murray, Bell, M'Caw, Hutchins, Wilson, Buchanan, Mitchell, Ham- mond, Morton, M'Culloch, and Dr. Plummer. The report of the show committee was re- ceived, when the consideration of the prize list was proceeded with. After careful ex- amination, and the addition of a wool class, on the motion of Mr. S. Wilson, the list was confirmed, and left to the secretary to be printed. Mr. R. K. Hammond was elected as a vice-president in place of the Hon. Philip Russell, resigned, and Mr. William M'Culloch was elected a vice-president in place of the Hon. J. G. Francis, previously elected as one of the trustees in place of Sir James M'Culloch, resigned. It was resolved that the president, with Messrs. M'Caw and M'Dougall, should wait upon the present Chiof Secretary to request payment of the balance of the grant-in-aid voted by Parlia- ment. After reading a letter from Mr. Dougharty, to which the secretary was re quested to reply, Mr. Murray handed in a notice of motion for next meeting, to the effect, ' ' That, in the opinion of this society, all stock imported from infected countries should be destroyed at the port of landing." The remaining business on the notice paper was postponed until Friday, 21st inst., at 2 p.m., and the time for receiving designs for champion medals was extended until that date. Should the weather hold fino, the winter race meeting at Croxton-park this afternoon will very likely prove a successful affair There are five events in the programme, con- sisting of Handicap Hurdle Race and Steeple- chase, Trotting Race, Flying Handicap, and Selling Steeplechase. The entries for all the events are very good, and an excellent after- noon's sport may be expected. Statesman has been scratched for tho Steeplechase, and Far- mer's Daughter is a very unlikely starter for the Hurdle Race. William Trethery, aged 15, living in Lygon street, was admitted to the Melbourne Hos- pital yesterday, suffering from a severe injury to the lower paTt of the leg. Ho was driving a horse and dray, when the horse bolted and overturned the dray, at the corner of Drum mond and Palmerston streets. James Francis, aged 34, was also admitted, having roceived an injury to the lower part of the body by a fall from a scaffold 12ft. high while at work, on the Sandridge-road. He lived in Flinders street. An accident of a serious nature happened to a man in the employ of Mr. Gibb, of Camp- bellfield, on Wednesday morning last. He had put a horso in a dray loaded with hay, but forgot to fasten the belly-band. On taking the back prop up, the load fell over on him, breaking his collar-bono and otherwise injur- ing him. It was found necessary to remove him to the hospital yesterday. A crushing of 25 tona of stone from the Dividend Quartz-mining Compuny, Steiglitz (our Geelong correspondent reports), was made on Thursday, which yielded 55oz. of retorted gold, being equal to 5"ioz. to the ton. This crushing, which has proved so satisfactory, was made to test the quality of tho lode. At a meeting of the congregation of Ryrie street Presbyterian Church, Geelong, held on Thursday evening last, the Roy. John Brownlie modorator, a call was declared in favour of the Rev. John D. Robertson, of Horsham, and commissioners were appointed to place the call before the Presbytery of Gee- long, which meets on tho first Tuesday in Jnly. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, Mr. J. Pasaelaigne was summoned for having, on tho 8th inst., had a hare in his possession, being a breach of the Game Statute, render- ing him Hablo to a penalty of £5. Mr. M'Cormick appeared for the defence, and Mr. Harwood watched the proceedings on behalf of the Vinogrowors' Association. One of the senior constables deposed to receiving information that the defendant had a hare in his possession, and proceeded to bis pre- mises, when on looking over the fence he observed Mrs. Passelaigne cutting up a hare. Ho found the skin produced outside the fence. He took the skin to the house and challenged them with having a hare in their possession, and asked them to give up the body, which was on a plate. Mr. Passelaigne refused to givo it up, saying that he (tho constable) had got tho skin, which was enough. Mr. M'Cormick asked the witness how ho know it was a hare. The constable said it was so to the best of his belief. It was not by its general appearance like a rabbit, being much darker. Had seen one rabbit darkor than another. Had seen many hares in tho old country. He did not think ho had eaten any in this country. Mr. F. Allon gave evidence respecting the finding of tho skin. He thought it carno from Mr. Passelaigne's yard, but it might have come from the yard beyond. Mr. M'Cormick submitted there was no case. The Mayor stated that tho case must be dismissed, as the charge was not proved, but if ithadboon, a penalty of £8 would havo been inflicted. The police magistrate stated, as one-half of tho penalty would go to the informant, ho hoped hares would not be killed with impunity. The Court thon ad- journed. It ia tho intention of tho Vine growers' Association to make every effort to get this clause in the Game Statute re- pealed. At a meeting of the Geelong Hospital Com- mittee held yesterday, it was decided to push on the building of the new lunatic ward as energetically as possiblo, and some dissatis- faction was expressed that the Central Board of Health had not agreed to have air-draughts undor the beda in tho various divisions of the new warda, as recommended by tho medical staff, it being considerad that efficient venti- lation could not be obtained without. How over, as it was proposed to have doors ia the floors for other purposes, it was thought the medical staff might use these for ventila- tion. A young boy named Edward Phipps met with a shocking accident at the Duck Ponds yesterday. He and another lad were engaged on Mr. Kirk's contract as pick hands, and were working alongside of each other. Phipps incautiously stooped down for some purpose, and before his companion noticed him the point of his pick had penetrated Phipps's skull. The wounded lad was immediately conveyed to the Geelong Hospital, and his skull "trephined." The wound was, however, two inches deep, and there was but little hope of his recovery. He is the son of a man who was accidentally killed some months since, and was one of the chief supports of his mother and family. The report of Mr. Duncan, inspector of penal establishments, on the recent outbreak from the Ballarat Gaol, was yo3torday con- sidered by the Cabinet. All necessary repairs, &a;, to make the gaol safe were ordorod to be at once carried into effect, and extra guards wore ordered. A board to inquire into the whole affair was also appointed. Tho com- mission consists of Mr. W. C. Smith, M.L.A.; Mr. James, M.L.A ; Lieutenant-Colonel Redo, sheriff of Ballarat ; aud the mayor of Balla- rat. The Government have rosolved imme- diately to issue a commission to inquire into the propriety of granting the extended privi- leges asked for by the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company in the bill nour before the Legislative Assembly. The commission will consist of Mr. Hodgkinson, assistant commissioner of Lands and Survey ; Mr. T. Higinbotbam, ongweer-in-c'riiaf ¡ Mr; War, dell, inspector genoral of Public Works ; Mr. Guthrie, acting assistant-commissioner of Customs ; the mayor of Melbourne, the mayor { of Emerald-hill, and the mayor of Sandridge 'Ibis matter was held ovor by the late Govern- ment for many months, but it will otstr be settled as speedily as possible. The members of the Local Artilleiy Corps have now been placod on duty at Govern- ment-house, tho Treasury, trod the Mint. This step was contemplated some time ago, but Mr. Berry neglected to take it, as he was adverse to the continuance of tho corps, and wished to show that it was useless. The policemen who formorly mounted guard at these places will now be remitted to their legitimate duties, and a considerable saving will bo effected, since the men of the Local Artillery Corps only receive 2s. a day, whilst constables receive from 6s. Gd. to 7s. 6d. Several candidates for the Artillery force were yesterday examined by Dr. M'Crea. The football clubs of Melbourne and the suburbs will be very busy to-day, most of them having matches to contest. The Albert park and the Carlton clubs will meet on the ground of the latter this afternoon, and a close and exciting game is expected between them. The Albert-park team will be selected from the following players :- Atkinson. Crooko, Crooke, Cox, Chessell, Chossell, English, Foote, Footo, Farran, Fordyco, Gcay, M'Donald, M'Donald, M. Taylor, M'Arthur, Upton, M'Gann, Allan, W. Miller, J. Taylor) Blair, Grave, J. Cox, Spurs, and Matthews. Carlton will bo represented by Messrs. Ban- nister, Bracken, Carter, Donovan, Dismorr, Ellis, Guy, Goodall, Gardinor, Kennedy Macgibbon, Monio, W. Newing, O'Brien, Jas. Robertson, Todd, Wallace, Whitehead, J. Williams, W. Williams, Hillsden, A. Ken- nedy, Hassett. The second twenties of the same clubs will play against each other in the Albert-park. The following matches have also been arranged for this afternoon : Richmond v. Southern, for junior challenge cup, at Richmond ; East Melbourne v. Col- lingwood, for junior cup, at North Fitzroy ; the right and left batteries of the St. Kilda Artillery, in Brown's paddock, opposite the Orderly-room ; second twenty of Hotham v. Clyde, in Royal-park ; Carlton Imperial v. Britannia, on the ground of the latter; Latrobe v. Parksido, in Royal-park ; St. Kilda v. Brighton Gymnasium, on the Elsternwick ground ; Hotham v. North Melbourne, in Royal-park ; East St. Kilda v. Roxburgh, on the ground of the latter ; George-street School v. Nell's School, in Richmond paddock. Scratch matches will be played on the Melbourne, South Yarra, and Studley-park grounds. The comedy of " School" again drew a large audience to St. George's Hall last night. The popularity of the piece is now assured, and there is no doubt but that the speculation of the management has been attended with such success as to warrant the representation of the play for at least another fortnight. During the last week the members of the company have become familiar with tho general scope and meaning of tho comedy, and, in conse. quenco, play it with greater nicety and dash. The only reason for writing and print- ing uncomplimentary criticism is, that the faults of which the critic complains may bo repaired. Our notice of tho first perform- ance of "School" has achieved its object to the extent of inducing Mr. Ireland to take some pains with his dress and Mr. Sefton to lay aside his cane. Having made this attempt at needful correction in his costume, Mr. Ireland may claim to bo congratulated on his performance of Jack Poynt7, Miss Caroy has also boon good enough to considor our observations, and the character of Naomi is the moro increased in piquancy. (By the wîty, the author says nothing about the by-play with Laura which Miss Carey introduced into the socond act.) The very vulgar practice known by the very vulgar nome of "gagging," is our detestation. We aro glad to find that Mr. John Dunn did not repeat his offence in that particular. Indeed, we may con- gratulate Mr. Dunn upon his very natural affectation of blindness. Miss Shepparde discharged the duties of her part with pro- priety; for the lady's sake wo must add that the part is not a good ono. Mr. Apploton's Beaufoy is one of the best things ho has done here, better than the prototype of the pnrt in "Caste," which ho played with success five years ago at the Haymarket. Miss Douglass's "Laura" deserves mention. The charaotor is a very subordinate one, and some actresses who have had as good rules as thoso now and then accorded to Miss Douglass would have either declined to play it or played it care- lessly. Miss Douglass acted conscientiously throughout the play. If Mr. Greville, when* fortune compels bim to assume the part of a doctor of divinity, would tako tho trouble to master the pronunciation of tho classical propor names which occur in the speeches set down tor bim, ho would do well. Zeus is not pro- nounced as a dissyllable, while the final "o" is severely soundod in the word Aphrodite. Wben these things aro so easily loarnod, it is to bo regretted that people run the risk of appearing ridiculous in consequence of not learning them. The performances at the Polytechnic-hall last night commencod with tho drama en- titled "TheFomalo Gambler," in which Miss Carry Goorgo took tho part of Madame de Fontanges. Tho attendance was rather botter than usual. Miss Schiller's farewell concert takes placo to-night at the Town-hall. This is an event in which all admirers of high art in music will take an interest, and it is certain that no more gifted exponent of music written for tho pianoforte than this young lady is has over visitod this part of the world.- Tho result of this entertainment should boin the highest degree successful. We have beon requested to call attention to an advertisement inviting the shareholders of the Victorian Co-oporativo Association to take part in the first general meeting, which is to DO hold on Monday, for tho purpose of submitting tho promoters' report, and electing a permanent directory. It was erroneously stated in The Argus of Friday that branches of the Bann of Austral- asia were about to be opened at Sandridge and Footscray. The bank which has deter- mined upon extending its business to these places is the National Bank. The Oriental Bank, it is announced, will open on agency at Nowstoad to-day. 