T£E10TAXISM. AKD TJi'El OIAlLEEi TO TUB EDITJU OF THE R1 >, FL'O^ ULIA&BUL.; Sir,— Sh^w me a rigij teet'itai;ev. And I will show you au i..lUeK — We look iu vain to teetotallers for ioric, ft. • quence, or truthfulness. I envy not the app,. ! ciative faculties of an audience tl.a; c.in -it aj;!' listen approvingly to eueh speakers >•> purr Joa. than and Yankee Bill, such Ictturer- Mr Bum,- or such chairmen as Mr Richmond, i i>a> ntvj ! yet either edified or enliglitenLd by nsf.-i-,:r-g toi- I oration on teetotalism; urvt- rthelctb, h -AxtviOm ;. simply confined themselves to the iiioJeraio sin-» cacy of their views, they mi^ht ha\c renininedi:''. the lull enjoyment of then), ur;uioli;st.d by IH ! But when a Legislature smojii to d.uive, s;: f ministers cease lo declare th-_- wi!L;c lmu:i.-,1 fo;;., when, a conference assemuicd in x.kmR ccnaisf' forgets the precepts of their Diri;ie Ma-ter, stij substitutes hlind erring human ICIM.U :u:d espt I diency for dirine authority, and cuiidts c. L-rciun;.i a I gislative enactment, when a medical liiainlsiJ which, according to " CEJipus," .in the Leaderc the 23rd inst., "^cieniilicaliy considered, is nst trash, proving noth.ng Leyui.d sea-eensuri; bv ':\~l signiug it, or an u-.faii red c'.io.i and irnpi.; -jr.! upon .thuse who did not sign it." is e.V.t .UK: necessary as a demonstration in favor of Uiakj ism; when teetut i.ers assert that "the in.je.-ffi' use of wine and strong drink is inconsistent uc • the christian profession," and gunge a clerirrar.i. orthodoxy by tlia rule of teetmnlisin, ral!;vr tlcl. by the standard of revealed truth; and irii^m i 1 every platform teetotal advocates are crying os- : "Behold ihe modern image uhieh we ourse^j 1 have set up; let er> ry christian fall down mi worship it!" is it not then high time that motet men shake off ilieir lethargy a".d pisiive:itis,a:; resist such an insidious eucroackm-.-ijt oa tin; liberty ? St. Paul saitli, "let i;o man ju J e VOBsi: meats ot of driuks, but stand fast in tlu iiierr; therewith Christ hath made you free.'' And in ti • epistle to the Galatians he likewise says, •• AgiiM: i meekness and tempera-.ee there is no : Teetorallers tell us that '-t .tal ahstiiu uce froc | intoxicating drinks eau he established on ' scrip |! tural principles," ' but they prodi.ee notainj e T support of their theorem, and Mr iiiuhuiond assra " that the sacred writings, iutelligeiuly coustnfi. j not merely permitted, but demanded total abstinence from intoxicating drinks," but he furnisba 1 no p;oof beyond his own unsupported siattnm:.; and this I cannot receive. 1 want raj. f. I? follow reason, the assertions, or opinions" of oifcert. when their decisions contradict the Bible, is to can ! it. To follow tiiem where they add to it is to adn: I another revelation, and I can perceive no nece^n; for.cither. Mr Burtt and Mr ltichmond mar, i: their own estimation, possess superior "inie&i; gence," but their light" becomes sorelv dimwkt compared with the light of revealed truth. "I:if the law aud to the testimony: if they speakn;f' according to this word, it is Kcause there is Ef light in tbem." What says tbe lair? Mose<, the servant of the most High God, recaireif the law on Monnt Sinai, the Almighty commandfij him, saying—" Thou shah not delav to offer li first ol thy rijre fruits and of tiiy liquors uuw nir.' And when Moses delivered "die law unto lb Israelites he commanded limn to cat bch.retl: Lord their God, ia the place which he shall c:io» to place his name there, th tithe of their corn sci their wine, adding," and if tlie way be too long ;e: thee, so tliat thou art not able to carry it, then tiis sbait turn it into money, and shaft t'° unioti place which ihe Lord thy God shall choose, as: I thou shalt bestow that monev for wh vtsoever tbv L soul lueteth after—for oxen,"or ior shte[«, cr iJ f wine, or for strong drink, or for w!ntso»vcr ti: 1 ' saul lusteth after; and thou shalt tat there Won f the Lord thy God, and tiiou shalt rejoice, thoasj: ' thy household, thy son and thv daughter, tltv no- Servant-and thy maidservant, the Icrile and ;bf stranger that is within thy gales, .the widow sic re fatfiertejs. Thou shalt observe the feast of t'.t tabernacles seven days, after tho'u ha-t gathered » thy corn, and thr wine. Seven days shalt tbn keep a solemn feast unto the Lord thy God, i place which the-Lord thy God shall choose : became fhe iord- thy .Chid '-shall bless thee in ail it® increase, and in all the works of thine han Js, thftttore thou slialt surely rejoice." Sach w :s the !•» given to Moses on Mount Sinai by the Almigb?. such u the law of the Bible. Under the Mosaic dispensation, wine, and strong drir.k, and tlie of .hospitality, were rendered sacred bv being connected with re igion. tor, says the law, "thoushall eat thein before the Lord thy God, aud rejoice ; ti"" a n . d thy eons, arid thy daughters, the Levite, t" -widow,-and the fatherless, and the stranger that a Within .thy. gates/' And it is worthv of renoart, that, when Christ appeared a« the promised llcssut prefigured.Lbythe divinely instituted ceremonies o! the Hebrews, he gave no new commandment. Instetf of prohibiting the use of wine, or strong drink, * «^ply expounded the ancient law, when he But when thou makest a feast, call the poo:,'^ maimed, the lame, and tlie blind ; ana thou sliilt be Blessed." He commenced his public career by gi^f wine to his followers, and he ended it bv giving tiM _ to his disciples, saying," this do vc, as oft as ye driot jt it, la remembrance of me." And it" such is the l ,f| •bat is the testimony ? In Ecelesiastes 10—1'- 1! - U is written, " Blessed art thou Oh ! land, when tbj King Is the son of Nobles—and thy Princes e«t« due season for strength and not for drunkenness- At the feasts of the Passover, Tabernacles, Pentecost, the three great festivals of the Jews, "V* was used. It was to celebrate the feast of Peutec"" that the multitude ol devout men out of every under heaven, had assembled to Jerusalem, whentW promis* of our Saviour was fulfilled, in the wonwfid descent of tbe Holy Ghost,Acts 2—13. 15.' Sw» mocldng aud !•• these mea are full of new wine—S» eter arisweiting said, these men are not drunken « e.suppo*e,'seeing it is but'the third hour of the day. And the Lord said .unto Aaron Numbers IS— 6 ' 1 • all the best of, th? winp, which they shall offer o?'® f a e hare l,given. thee.". The i'ropbet Is^'J when praising God tor his judgmeots, said, ' And » his mountain ahailihe Lord of Hosts make unw»| eople a feast of.fetthings, of wines on the lee» ^ SBfifi^lifl^ |t is writtentUW the ftnnwio J*®* •ball be Upon Bland of corn and wiur. Aodweire informed, Bombers 38—7. 14. Nut >( ti e feast of first fruits, the strong wine wa» pou «••! antn Hie Lord. Melchizedek, Kiep of t»ait.ti». tit wine b«fi>re Abtaham mi blessed bin*. Jaivbsct 11 -lie bel :r the dying Patriarch l*sm-. Genc*i« 27--J.1. 36. 27- "andwhenlaaacli.nl imnk the '•• kisiedliis ton Jacob, and bleasin*: 'iim i .i \ v- ^ .-ITS thee of the <lcw of neaven, ot t-:<: fatu>.-- • •: L- . earth, and j.'.fn;v of i-cm and trim*." J«a>ii assembled his twelve M>ua <o bliss then), am! «i 1 " Jn "ah shall possess a country abounding wii urint." David dealt out a flagon of wine io fiery oae in Israel, both man and woman {evidently there were no teetotallers in Israel] iiczekiah commanded the Israelites to give wine onto the Priests that they might be encouraged in the law of the Lord ; and he built stors- ' houses for the increase of corn and wine. KehanUh had all serts of vine, Nehemiah 6—'1. IS. 18. "sod he caused the nobles to restore unto the poor the viae they bad exacted from them." Wine and strong drink was used at die ordinary feats, and racial gatherings, not only by. the Hebrews; but likewise by the Persians, Assyrians, Egyptians, Romans. and Arabians. Such were the customs of the nations, before the coming ol Christ, aud when Christ appeared what did he do? Did he either by word, example, or precept ever attempt to enforce total abstinence t Did he ever assert that_ the moderate use* of wine and strong drink, was either unlawful or ainful, that it was either physically, socially, morally, or religiously wrong to use them ? If the Almighty gave wine an 4 strjng drink as a bleating, and commanded them to be used with joy and thankfulness, if God's Messiah, sanctioned, and sanctified their use; which was ratified and confirmed, by the usage and custom of God'a thosen people: by Patriarch's, Prophets, Priests, and Kings, by Apostles, Deacons and Elders, I would again ask Mr Richmond wherein " the sacred writing! intelligently construed, demand total abstinence from intoxicating liguors "? and I will also venture to ask that angnst body the Kyneton Literary Union, wherein the moderate < se of wine or strong drink " is inconsistent with the Christian profession"? It is idle, and a mare waste of words, to aay that the. wines and strong drink alluded to in scripture, were nnferoiented and non-intoxicating. The Tine and vinyards are mentioned 113 times, wine is mentioned 320 times, the winepress 24 times, to the' vine, vine, and winepress there are therefore no fewer than 357 allusions in the scriptures. Strong drink is mentioned 38 times, wine and strong drink are proved to be intoxicating 51 times, they were given as blessings 47 times, withheld as a punishment 29 times, forbidden nominally 9 times, bnt virtually only 3 times and these were exceptional cases. Wine a nd strong drink are mentioned as bang used at feasta ~91-times,-and-as presents .from friend to friend, 9 times, besides which 108 allusions are made to eating and drinking, evidently meaning wine or strung. drink. If the sacred writings demanded total abstinence from che*c liquors, would tliey thus ~ mention of .them ? "Ifaiiy one bidyou toa fsast, say J the Apostle," eat whatsoever is sec before you asking no questions for conscience aake,, for the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof." from Genesis to Revelations, the scriptures neither forbid the moderate use of wine or 6trong drink, nor justify .the arrogant assumption and coercive poliqy of teetotallers. In short, teetotalism has no foundation in scripture, it is purely a fabric of man's invention. March 28th 1873. FELIX 