THE EDUCATION BILL OF YICIOBIA. fFrom the Argus, December 3.) THE rejection of the amendment attempted to be made ia the 9th clause of the Education Bill by Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, ia ¿lie Legislative Council, with a view to give tho head or the authorised representative of each of the religious denominations a voice iu the application of funds arising from the hale or letting of lands held ia trust tor '. school purposes, ie undoubtedly a matter for congratulation. There was some- thing very suspicious in the zeal and persistency with which the two gentle- men who are more particularly identified with the prelacy in this colony attempted to carry their object. One of these gentlemen drew an affecting picture of the terrible consequences which had resulted from the misconduct of aa un- manageable trustee; but neither Mr. O'shannassy nor Mr. A'Beckett seemed to be at all alive to the fact that if the hoad of their respective Churches, or of any other religious denomination, were entrusted with the power sought to be conferred upon them, tho proceeds of tho salo of school lands iu one district might be appropriated to Denomina- tional purposes in a locality situated at the other end of tho colony. Wo think, I therefore, that the Upper House exercised a sound discretion in refusing to amend the 9th clause in the direction indicated ; and we hope that the trustees of school lands generally will be found to concur in opinion with Mr. Lyon, wlioBB letter we published yesterday, that " the trustees of that body would indeed be insensible to their duties were they to refuse tho liberal proposal of the Government, and neglect to merge their Denominational schools in those of the State." There can be no difficulty iu arriving at an agreement as to the nature and amount of the secular instruction to be communicated in thc latter ; and as to the religious teachiug, the ministers of the various persuasions may surely como to some amicable arrangement for occupying the school buildings on certain evenings in the week. " Little cliildren," aa wo all know, constitute the especial care of the clergy, and tin's is so fully recognised by the Church of England that, when it bestows the authority of a deacon upon its future ministers, the Bishop expressly enjoius those who are ordained " to instruct the youth iu the Catechism ;" while, in the rubric of that doctrinal abstract which which has been always held to be the simplest and most efficacious medium for the conveyance to the young of the truths and duties of the Christian re- ligion, we find tho following mandatory paragraph :-"The curate of every parish ahall diligently upon Sundays and holy days, after the second lesson at evening prayer, openly in tbe church instruct and examine so many children of his parish sent unto him as ho shall th i uk convenient in some part of tho Catechism." How far this very explicit injunction is obeyed by those who, both when being ordered as deacons, and wben " receiving the Holy Ghost," as priests, solemnly pro- mise to be diligent in teaching tbe people committed to their cure and charge, is a point upon which we do not profess to bo well- informed. But, doubtless, every- one of tbe clerical members of the Church Assembly complies willi thc ! rubric, and iuslri'cls the children of his j flock every Sunday evening in the [ articles of his belief, the Ten Command monti, Iiis duty ttKKgrds God and his neighbour, tho LordiiSraycr, and the nature and effect of tho two^S^rauuMits held by tlio Church to be " neceSS^T lo KiK'nliim." If so, a purely aecúlar éducation upon week days may be regarded with diminished misgivings by Dr. Perry and tho clergy of his Church. 