NATIONAL EDUCATION. THIS week, in accordance with a previous announcement on the subject, wc commence the publication of a valuable treatise on the Education Question by Archbishop Manning. It is extremely desirable that it should be extensively read, and wc therefore hope that our subscribers will afford as many of their friends as possible the opportunity of perusing it. The first pari of the work follows :— I. It is undeniable, even by those, who unhappily reject, the light of faith, that the Christian world is the highest condition to which mankind has ever attained. Ascribe it to what thc3 r may, men arc compelled to acknowledge that the moral and intellectual state of man. in the last eighteen hundred years surpasses the highest maturity of any earlier time. They ascribe it to civilisation ; we to Christianity. Wc affirm that Christianity in itself is civil isa, tion, and more than civilisation; that civilisation without Christianity is dwarfed, stunted and deformed; that Christianity is the first- fruits and the cause of the highest civilisation of man and of society, We affirm this truth at this time for a special, purpose : that is, to dcclare, with cxphcit reasons, why the Catholic Church has always inflexibly held that the education of its, children is a sacred trust of the Divine Founder of Christianity, and that for a Christian people education without religion is impossible. We arc now about to enter into a public discussion—wc fear that it must be said, into a public conflict—on the subjcct of national education. It is therefore our duty as pastors to dcclare betimes, and in words which are beyond all mistake, what are the laws which govern the Catholic Church in the matter of education, and what are the obligations wliich it is impossible for us either to violate or to compromise. In order to do tliis in a full and reasoned way, it will be necessary to lay down certain principles on which this declaration is founded. We are bound, both by the natural and the revealed law of God, to educate children in the knowledge an d love of Him and of His commandments. As a Christian people, we. know that the true knowledge and love of God and of His commandments is to bo found only in Christianity. It is the knowledge of God in Christ which has developed the reason and the will of man. For the want of this knowledge and love, the heathen world fell into polytheism, pantheism, and atheism; the intellect and consciencc were darkened, the heart and will were corrupt. The first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Bomans gives the mere outline of the unimaginable degradation of man without Christ and without God in the world. The Hebrew race was elevated above all nations ; and stood alone among all races of mankind for the nobleness of its intellectual culture, for the ; justice and mercy of its political order, and, in contrast with the heathen, for the chastity of its domestic life. The cause and source of this elevation, nobleness, < justice, mercy, and chaistity, were the knowledge of God and of His laws. The Christian world is elevated above' the Hebrew race in all the same qualities which elevated the Hebrew race above tlie heathen; and in" many others, before im-. known, derived from the Person, theexample, the teaching, and'the, work of its , Divine Founder. Christianity has bestowed, upon the world; three perfect sifts', from • which its nobler and "higher civilisation' is' derived: the true knowledge a!nd conception of God, a perfect humanexample; a perfeet law«f duty towards God and man. On these three bases all civilisation, law, government, legislation, molality, public, domestic, and personal, are founded, If. we appreciate Christianity,<f^y.as amoral power working upon mankind, apart from the operations of supernatural grace and the power of Christian worship, sacra! mcnts, and prayer, it is undeniable that is the perfection of human nature; that it has developed the reason, heart and will of man to a rectitude, a fnW' and a ripeness of which the philosophy and civilisation of the heathen world had hardly so much as a shadow, and to which the highest reach of the Hebrew race could never attain. This is to understate the truth; but we are reasoning with those who do not believe in the life of counsels We shall on la state it adequately by saying that Christianity is the perfection of man. It is from this equally certain, ihat Christianity alone preserves the reason and will of man from lapsing into the state of perversion and of immorality which prevailed in the world before Christianity came into it. Heathenism was a lapse and a corruption. The Hebrew race like, wise lapsed into immoralities so great that Moses for the hardness of their hearts gave them a law which derogated from the natural law of marriage, and is immensely below the law of Christianity. But the moral law of Christianity stands steadfast and in this cspecial law of the domestic life on which all is founded—home and its sanctities,, the commonwealth, its authority, order, and perfection—it remains, in the Catholic Church at least , immovable unto this day. We have been lately fold, in a book which for a season lias its notoriety, that the moral standard of Plato and Socrates, Cato and Ciccro, bears comparison with the Catholic morality. The writer of such things must be cither an untrusty reporter or a shallow student. A very slight classical reading would have made such an error impossible. It is not so that those who have really studied the civilisation of the heathen world describe the private and public morals of Home and Athens. Their liighcst examples,—pliilosophers, statesmen, and censors included, —with very few exceptions, arc stained with hideous blots. If there be a truthin human history it is this, that the moral regeneration of mankind, and the perpetuity of that moral regeneration in the world, is the work of Christianity; and that the principle in which it originates is also the principle of its preservation. The reason of this is self-evident: Christianity alone can form the inward life of man; philosophy could not either shape or sustain it; legislation could not so much as touch it. The pure theism of the OH Law alone could not only touch, but shape and sustain the intellect, the heart, and the will; and yet this was only an imperfect and partial knowledge of God. fie prelude of the fuller manifestation of tlic Divine Nature in the - Christian law. In addressing men who are Christians, it is impossible to limit ourselves to the cold language of moralists ; but in addressing those with whom we have now to contcnd, the language cf faith is as super, stition and foolishness. You will know that when we speak of Christianity as the regeneration and perfection of mankind, wc mean ' the grace and truth which comes by Jesus Christ.' The interiorand supernatural grace of Baptism, dwelling and working iu the soul; the light of faith, illuminating the intellect with a discernment of truth and falsehood, informiugfhc conscience with perception and a sense of right and wrong, replenishing and sanctifying the heart with the love of God above all things, and with a rational love of self, as the measure and rule of our love tti ota neighbour; all this, and the grace of the hqly Sacraments, especially of Penance anij of the Altar, together with the practice of £ life of Christian piety and prayer, is included in our first conception; of tie power by which Christianity has^elcfated our jisature, regenerated mankind,' w createtWhe Christian world. But we are nowreasbning,' not with you who believe and love ithese things, and would day doyra you lives por them, but with those 5W either from , unbelief will not hear of tliem, or, from worldly calculations, will Only fegard Christianity so far as it is in'C®tact with politics, or with the welfaiem society. To jthemthen wcsay,philosra>ay» legislation, liveraf ure, intellectual.cuwrfation, from tha science of universities to the reading and writing of the poor schools, will not form tme inward life of man, m therefore cannTpt educate man. It ,16'are the liearti the conscience, and tue Will morally wlflere it found them. Tie reasonor the intelligence maybe sharp®™ and enlarged; bun the moral nature. wtji its powers, passidjps,. and motives, Wil neither be elevated%or subdued. . _ . ; 'In one word, theil, Christianity is tne sole educator of mankind; and that, Because the Christian \Chureh alone M 3 received the commission to educate,'!® 1 the Means and powers thereby tocdUOTK; The words, 'Gk> ye therefore and t^or make .disciples pf, 'toll nations, b^jng. themin die name offaie Father, ® ^ the Son, and of the Holy lGhost; teactaff 'them to observe things wlmtfeoever commanded you',' laid up™, the 'Chn^" 1 Church the obligation to educate; and con- Teyed to it both the truth and the law,- tw is, both the intellectual and moral power whereby to fulfil that obligation. Bv the law of nature parents are bound to educate their children; by the law_of Cliristianity the Church has the obligation to see thatparents fulfil the duty of education. The duties and obligations . ot parents and of the Church are in perfect lannony; being derived from one source, and supplementing each other in their exercise. The first formation and training of a Christian child is the duty and work of the father and the mother; its higher and later formation is by the pastoral office of the Church. Both in the lower and higher periods of a child's education, Christianity — that is, the Christian truth and law—is the power by which the reason, the conscience, the heart, the will, and therefore the character and the life, of the young are shaped and moulded. Christianity alone can do this, for it alone possesses the key which fits the wards of the heart in man. (To be continued.) 