The third half-yearly meeting of the Sydney Meat-preserving Company was held at the Chamber of Com- merce, at noon yesterday—Mr. Lackey presiding. Among the gentlemen present were Messrs. Bruce, Clements, Lackey, Williams, Humphries, Orr, Gordon, Yeo, Rundle, Irwin Williams, H. Mort, Buchanan, and W. Bucknell. The chair- man stated that a large number of shares that had been allot- ted had not been taken up, and the calls had not been paid the total being 715 shares, representing a capital of over £3000. The parties applying for these shares had not signed the deed of settlement, and therefore could not be sued : but those who had signed could be compelled to pay up. Mr. D. Gordon moved that the secretary write to the parties in arrears, and give them an opportunity of paying their calls up to the 1st of September, failing which the shares to be forfeited. Mr. Humphries seconded the motion. Mr. Buchanan, as an amendment, moved that time should be given to the end of the year, the amounts bearing interest at 10 per cont. Mr. Orr seconded the amendment, which was put to the meeting and lost. Tho original motion was carried. The report and balance-sheet as read were then adopted. Messrs. Lackey and Morris were re-elected directors. A vote of thanks to the chairman and directors was duly proposed and seconded, after which the gentlemen sat down to lunch off some of their preserved meats. Appended is the report : "The directors have now to submit to the shareholders their third Half-yearly report on the affairs of the company, ending the 30th of June. Active operations were commenced at the company's works in February last in the boiling-down de- partment, but owing to the want of completion of preserving plant, that branch of the company's operations was not com- menced until the month of May. During the past six mouths the work carried out comprises the boiling and preserving 7200 sheep, and 100 head of cattle for the public, and 285 head of cattle on the company's account. The directors have to report that the product from the company's works sent to the Sydney market, consisting of tallow, skins and hides, has realised a higher figure than had been quoted for a long period past. The first shipment, consisting of 2309 cases (98,418lb) of the company's meats, has been made per the Ann Duthie, and at the end of the presentmonth about 4000 cases will be on the way to the London market ; the late encouraging news from England leads to the anticipation of satisfactory returns ; arrangements have been made through Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., for disposal of the meats in London at an advance of 4d per lb. Since the com- mencement of operations at Hacking Creek, the works have been kept in a state of thorough efficiency, and every atten- tion has been given with a view to economy in expenditure. 3522 shares were applied for but not taken up by the appli- cants, and 1478 were not applied for. The large number of shares thus unallotted, amounting to £7300, the directors again regret to state interfered materially with their opera- tions and prevents their progressing as rapidly as they would desire. To enable the directors to proceed with vigour, and so make the company useful and efficient, they would urge on the shareholders to use their influence with their friends to take up the unallotted shares. The Rev. James B. Laughton, of Parramatta, In compliance with a request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, preached in St. Andrew's Church on Sabbath last. The reverend gentleman took for his text in the morning 1 Peter v, 7—" Casting all your care upon God, for He careth for you." After the sermon Mr. Laughton intimated to the con- gregation the deliverance of the Presbytery with reference to a painful circumstance that has been investigated at a meeting of Presbytery. The Rev. Mr. Laughton spoke in the follow- ing terms :— Before bringing the service to a conclusion this morning, my brethen, I have, by request of the Presbytery of Goulburn, a painful but very necessary duty to perform. I believe it is not unknown to any of you that a very grievous calamity has befallen my dear friend and brother—your highly esteemcd paster. The circumstances are such that they can- not be publicly detailed. It will be sufficient to say that the Rev. Adam Thomson and myself prepared a written state- ment of the circumstances founded upon our own personal observations and inquiries ; and that we submitted that state- ment, with documents corroborating it, to the Presbytery of Gonlburn on Wednesday last, accompanied by such verbal explanations as we thought necessary. Mr. Mackenzie himself also made a brier statement, and requested the Pres- bytery, if satisfied of his innocence, to give such a deliverance as might enable him to resume his ministerial duties without hindrance. Mr. Mackenzie having withdrawn, the Presby- tery, after deliberation, unanimously resolved to record their entire satisfaction with Mr. Mackenzie's conduct in the very difficult and painful circumstances in which he had been placed. The Presbytery consider that the statement sub- mitted by Messrs. Thomson and Laughton, with the corrobo- rative documents included therein, placed the whole case in such a light that they can have no hesitation in expressing their conviction that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from any charge or suspicion. The Presbytery believe that nothing that has occurred ought injuriously to affect Mr. Mackenzie's position and ministerial usefulness ; and they trust that he may be long spared to labour in his present sphere with increasing acceptance and success. The Presbytery resolve to record their deep sympathy with Mr. Mackenzie in the severe trial with which he has been visited, and earnestly commend him to the God of all hope and consolation, praying that all his affliction may be sanctified to his growth in grace, and to the strengthening of hi hands in the work of the Lord.' Such is the deliverance of the Presbytery, which, in obedience to their request, I have now read to you. As one of Mr. Mackenzie's oldest and most intimate friends, I may be permitted to add an expression of my own satisfaction that the Presbytery has felt itself at liberty to give a deliver- ance which cannot, fail to satisfy you ; as his congregation, and the public generally, that Mr. Mackenzie's character is free from the slightest shadow of suspicion. I need not say how deeply his brethren in the ministry have sympathised with him, and that our confidence in him has been strengthened by the Christian, manly courage which prompted him at once to take counsel with us and to afford every facility for full investigation. I trust he may be spared for many years to labour amongst you, and that he may find in the increased attachment of his flock, and in the tokens of success vouch- safed him by the Great Head of the church, a cordial for his sorely- wounded spirit, May the God of hope fill both you and him with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost." The service was closed with praise, prayer, and benediction, in the usual form.—Goulburn Herald, August 13. 