THE COMING COMET. (From the Saturday Review.) Nervous people, as it is credibly stated, have been put to great anxiety by the announcement which recently appeared in the papers, that a distinguished astronomer had discovered a monstrous comet lush- ing straight towards us with amazing rapidity from the Primate abysses of space, and yet pursuing its course with as little tendency to deviation as though it were mining upon rolls. Some friendly planet might by possibility put forth a helping hand, and twist the approaching monster from its course, as the hero of a novel diverts the runaway steed just as it is about to crush the heroine. Goods atured astronomers have token pains to explain that there is not such comet. coming that if it were coming would be h They welcome visitor said that we have already passed through a comet and found it loss obnoxious than a London fog. The astronomers mean well, but they are terribly prosaic people, they ought surely to understand that they are robbing us of a lively pleasure. Have they not in their boyhood, for even astronomers have been boys, Micheel a fearful joy from the ghosts and other supernatural dangers with which a childish imagina- tion loves to people the dim borders of its little world? Would anybody willingly give up that delicious feeling of superstitious awe which was at once the charm bud tenor of his early years, and have all phantoms f apprises d till the world should be no more haunted than a railroad station ? Astronomers have already taken tremble liberties with the comet of our childhood. The huge fiery monster plunging through the july with a death-dealing tail has been weighed and measured, and had, as it were a mathematical book put in his jaws, till his impressiveness has departed Jichv him. We know the legend of Cuvier's descent, into the infernal regions, and of his declaration that the horns and hoofs which terrified our Spinney who unmistakable proofs of a giuniinivortub nature. Even so this comet has been low fired in popular estimation till our skies have become IIB empty of horrors as Hyde Park of ttgirB.1-» Sir "NY. '1 thomson indeed was kind enough last autumn to revive some of our ancient alarms, and to assure us that st me time or other the we rid would be smashed to us is, like a bursting shell, by a fate as inexorable as that which will bring about a collision at a metropolitan justified. Of course his fellow philosophers . found fault with 'Borne on his details, for science as a remorseless enemy to poetry. . ," . , Let us, however, for a brief period daily with false sumase," and endeavour to return to the simple faith of a child. Let us imagine that the astronomer has really prophesied our approaching fate, and that the, printer is correct. Within a few weeks we shall be able without the help of telescopes to see the little cloud, no bigger than a man's hand, and fraught with omens more dreadful than, have over before affrighted the human race. It will grow slowly at first, but afterwords with a rate of Laurence almost perceptible to our naked vision, till at last the whole sky will be lit up with the fiPTy portent. Night by night we shall watch its temble growth, and before long it will he brilliant enough to outshine the sun itself. The temperature will rise to be first tropical, and then hotter than anything that is endured in the hotel st room of a Turkish bath. But the time during which we shall he conscious of excessive heat will be hard indeed. The two large bodies, plunging towards each other at a pace compared with which the speed of a cannon-ball is absolute rest, will crash into each other with a hideous collision. If we happen to be placed between two such antagonists, we shall not have time even for an ejaculation. The petty race of inserts that travel amongst the little excrescences on the earth's skin will be instantaneously dismissed from existence. On the other side of the world we shall perhaps just one flash of sensation. "We shall see the mountains, without any metaphor, skipping like runs, and he ourselves sent spinning into space just OB the dust-to indulge in a humble simile- is knocked off the under side of a carpet by the blows upon its upper surface. For an instant we shall have a glimpse of the broken fragments of the earth darting off, carry on its new career, to whirl through the universe, each bearing with it o we shall remember on the faith of a President of the British Association some minute germs to be granted, if they have good luck, on some distant planet, and there to begin over and over again that endless process of evolution which will have come to so summary a conclusion here. Or, if we please, we may contemplate another alternative, and suppose that we just miss the nucleus of the time, but we are wrapped in its fiery tail, which will turn oceans into steam, dissipate the eternal ice of the poles, and Binge the world into the likeness of an American prairie' after a fire. Nothing will be left but a vast surface of grey ashes, gradually to be converted into mud as the waters again con- dense and descend upon the depopulated planet. Alos ! we cannot claim the eloquence which would be necessary to do justice to such tremendous rains trophiB. Milton writing under the superintendence of Dr. Cumming might possibly be equal to the task of describing the complete and instantaneous ruin of a world; but nature is not prodigal; she only gives one with mind at a time. We have ventured to suggest the bare outlines of a purely imaginary picture which our readers must fill up for themselves. It is rather curious to inquire , what would be the state of our minds if such a < atas trophe could really be predicted on scientific grounds, and we were really to believe the men of science. It is necessary to notice this last condition, for it highly probable that we should resolutely decline to believe iinjthiiigeo unpleasant. There are limits to one's faith even in mathematics, and we should insist upon in our prophets prophesying smooth things even if they had to twist a few laws of nature in the purpose. But let us imagine that this stifled culty is surmounted. If we were in really convinced that at 4 o'clock p m., Greenwich time, on the next 12th of August, the whole human use and its dwelling-place would be summarily knotted to atoniB, what would be the effect on our minds r This most natural supposition is perhaps that the waaia course of affairs would he thrown out of gear, and that we should be reduced to the state (in a city de j localized by a plague. Persons of' strong religious fi dug would either go into retirement, or would on souvenir to awaken the cure dances of the sinners around us can; whilst the women, would become utterly reckless, and would remember that there was, I no use in keeping a color of wine to be consumed by a court. scene with tendency would, of course, he' manifest ; but the question remains, how far it I would be overpowered by the opposite tendency so he carried on by simple via inertia in our old grooves. After a little time one would become more or less ac- acustomed to the prospect. One would feel that, if it was not worth while to undertake anything new, neither was it worthwhile to give up the old employ- ments which have become necessary parts of our existence. They are innumerable stories such as that of the man who insisted on taking his refastened pill an hour before he was hanged and if we were all under sentence of execu- thomas, includ, sermons are apt to remind us that we are, even without the intervention of a comet it is perhaps reasonable to suppose that we should act in the some spirit. The great bulk of mankind would Bay, It's all very well ; we shall not want anything more after the 12th of August ; but that is no reason why we should not have our regular meals and enjoy newspapers at breakfast. It does not appear inconceivable that the Tichborne case would drag its slow length along though it were perfectly clear that in a few months the estates would be flying in fragments, some towards Sirius and others to the Pole Star that nobody's title, however perfect, would be of much value when the roads in question were situated in different comets as well as countries and that a writ of ( ejectment had been served upon all parties with an emphasis which there was no resisting. We suspect - that corn goes of preserved meat would be exported from Australia, though it was certain that the seas would be dried up long before they could make even the most rapid passage. The daily papers would continue to appear, and indeed would be driving a roar- ing trade ; everybody would he anxious to have the latest intelligence as to the comet, the details BE to its structure revealed by the spectroscope, and the result of the lust calculations as to the exact moment of collision. Editors would be provided with that invaluable boon topic, the interest of which would be steadily increasing to the end of the world and though they would doubtless receive letters up to the lost from correspondents anxious to explain the causes of the dulness of sermons, the decline in the trust worthiness of servants, and the carelessness with which excursion trains were managed, they would be more independent of those interminable, though now fortunately to be terminated, controversies. And when we reflect on the irrepressible eloquence and the strong sense of duty of the British journalist, there is nothing of which we feel more confident than that the morning of the 12th of August would be signalized by the appearance of an article in the highest style of the Daily Telegraph, summing up the history of the world in a few glowing paragraphs, and congratulating mankind on the fact that their extinc- tion would at any rate he contemporaneous with that of themselves and of William Ewart Gladstone. Fresh editions would be published up to the latest possible moment, and we should be encouraged to hope that the grass dying off to other worlds on the fragment of our own carried with them a potential Jeffs afh. The persons for whom we should feel the deepest sympathy would be the prophets, as it would be so very anno] ing a reflection to Dr. Cumming that, if it had not been for this ill-regulated comet, the Battle of Armageddon would have taken place next year or of the accuracy of his prognostications have been signally verified. ? "We are, it may be, assuming a little too much. There are certainly some things in which a change would be perceptible. There would be no betting. for example, on next year's Derby, and the funds could not be influenced by rumours of approaching wars. The spirit of gambling would have to take a different shape, and roulette or love 1 nor would gain a sudden popularity in place of speculation on more distant events. But in one form or other, in spite of the emotions of the more excitable sort of people, we fancy that the machinery of life, from its greatest down to itsjicttitbt operations, would have to go on working up to the very eve of the catastrophe, from the sheer ii capacity- of most persons to break off their accustomed habits. "We have not considered the case of a partial crush ; nor do we much care to ask what our feelings would be if America or Ireland or China were suddenly swept out of existence, or still less what we should feel if we knew that it was an even chance whether the ball would fall upon them or upon us. That reflection opens a boundless field of speculation and we will only express our conviction that a good many people would still enjoy their dinners, and even feel it as a not unpleasant excitement, if a whole hemisphere were crushed to-morrow, HO long as it VMB not their hemispheres But whether we are to consider this as a melancholy proof of our deficient Ejrr.piithioB, or as a merciful arrangement to save us furn unnecessary pain, is a problem which we cannot (intense. 