DISCOVERY OF GOLD NEAR TAMWORTH. Quite a sensation was created in town during the past week by the rumored discovery of a payable quartz reef on the range east of Tamworth, and only a few miles distant from town. We have been shown specimens said to be taken from the new reef, thickly impregnated with gold, and we can confidently assert that if any quantity of quartz of a like description can be found, the reef will amply repay the labor of working it. We have since learned that the discoverer h«s taken out a lease of the ground, and that work will be proceeded with at once, so that we shall soon learn the real value of the new discovery. If we remember correctly, the Rev. W, B. Clarke, the eminent geologist, has expressed an opinion that gold would be found in the range where the new reef has been struck, so that it is not at all improbable that the report now referred to may prove to be reliable. THE RUSSIAN COUNT.—A peculiar looking individual was somo throe or four years ago in Sydney, who went by the title of the "Russian Count." He earned his living as a hawker of bogus meerschaum pipes and mock jewellery. This individual, who had the reputation of being a man of disgusting habits, wont to Melbourne, and was a short time ago convicted of an offence for which he was sentenced to be imprisoned and flogged. On Saturday last, the latter portion of bis sentence was carried into effect in the Melbourne gaol. The Age states that Albert Klepende (the man referred to) claims to be a count of the Russian Empire ; he tried to get off his flogging by alleging that he was suffering from inflammation of the lungs, but after being examined by Dr, M'Crea, he had to undergo his punishment. He howled most lustily while the castigation was being performed. FIJIAN EXHIBITION—At the Newcastlo School of Arts last evening, a novel exhibition took place. It was that of the reclaimed cannibals from Fiji and Tonga. The natives (says the Chronicle,) wero dressed up in the fashion of those of the heathens or devils ; their faces were besmeared with red and block pnint; some with tnppa or red cloth on their heads and around their bodios, others with feathers and bends decorating their beads, looking altogether a most formidable group. Mr. Kirk, one of the proprietors, on introducing them to the audienco, explained some of the manners and customs of the Fijiuns, and they then wont through a series of war dances and singing, one of the number playing on the lali or native dram. On the stage walls were hung spears, clubs, canoes, whales' teeth, grog bowls, tho forks used when human flesh is to be eaten, and numerous other curious things,each of which the Tecturerduly explained. The exhibition was a most interesting one. ANOTHER GHOST STOBT.— A correspondent sends the following yarn to the Hay Standard : —Some years since, two friends of mine (squatters) were returning from their daily occupation to the home station, and on nearing a dry swamp they both exclaimcd—Here's a traveller coming the wrong road 1 The vision they saw represented a man carrying his blankets on his back, but as he turned from the path into the swamp on their approach, they rode after him with the intention of showing him tho proper direction; on nearing the supposed traveller, one of my friends spoke to him several times, but not receiving any reply, raised his whip to strike the man—wheij to the intense horror of both gentlemen, tho phantom assumed a cloud-like misty form, and vanished from their view. Many* 1 people have sinco risited the spot, but no clue to the ghost's story has ever yet been discovered. 