Colonial Items. A number nf large salmon were seen recently leaping a fall on the Derweut, Tasmania. The Dnhbo district Ifl infested with grass* hoppers, and vegetation is nearly destroyed. Iron Ore from Tasmania is being tried with satisfactory results. The locust plague continue* at Adelaide, and His suggested that a day of humiliation and prayer should be appointed to supplicate lb at it may cease. Discoveries of coal in Gippsland are exclt ing considerable attention. There is a surface seam of three feet teo inches, vrhieh dips north two hundred and twenty feet to a mile. The Presbyterian Aisetnbly (Melbonrne) is considering the question of Joint action with tbe Church of England to provide for minis* lerial ordinances in thinly populated districts. A private telegram from London etat# that both there and in Paris, tbe Ballarat Meat Company Slocks have been cleared out at prices ranging up to seven pence half-penny per lb. Ox tongues brought a shilling per lb. An eurthqnake to the South was felt on the 20th, At Dunedin, New Zealand. A private telegram trom London FLAYS that the QCCDTI INSURANCE Company |>aid £70,000 on account of Boston fire. Private advices RECEIVED in England from Japan, stale that there Is a great demand springing up for woollen goods in that market. UNPROFITABLE FISHING.-A facetionacorrea-1 pondent has Bent the Ararat Advertiser th# following debtor AND creditor account of a re cent fishing excursion:-" To one bottle of brandy. 6s; to one bottle sherry. 6A < meat and sundries. XOA; to times of horse*, 15S; to time of seven men and boys, nil; to ginger beer and lemonade, CB; to shout all round, 8A. 6d ; total £2 Ms CDC* The returns were, two fifth, average weight TWO ounces-one nibble and a real bito -so that it apf>car« blacltfi-LI in the Witnmera tributes cost £1 7s. 3d each: Fobwng A New Town.-Last week (says the Northern Argue. November 20) the Governor Blacked, steamer, arrived at Glad stone from Sydney, chiefly for tbe purpose of landing about fifty tons of cargo for (he Blackstl mine. It consisted of an iron tram* way, a great variety of tools, and stock of iron, sleel, and general stores, upon which, we nnder stand, ad valorem duties were paid to (he value of £2000. We learn by the declarations made at the registration c>f the company, that of the £25.000 paid by Mr. Vickery for one- half of tbe mine, ££600 went to the original propiietors, and £1G,500 was to he entirely devoted to the starting of tlie nine. If tills Urge euiu is judictonftly expended, we ebali have another Peak Downs property close at hand, and even already there has sprung up arouud Blnckall a«villftge of three or four handred in* habitants-in fact, the germ of another Copper* field-who are already oanditatea for a post* officp fur themselves, and fill machinery of civilisation. CATCHING A SWABM OF BEBS.-A rather curiouB scene, and one winch gave every vivid | impression of the pluck of the principal actorI therein (observes the Tamworth Weekly1 News), was presented <o the gaze of Peel- ? street loungers a few days ago. A swarm of | bees decided uptn changing their quarters, and were pursued by their owner, who evidently did not mean to let them get away very easily, to the vicinity of Coheo and Levy's old store, where they came to rest temporarily. The owner, n"weaker veasel/'came up in hot chase, bangline a tin pot, subsequently changed for more effective instruments, in the shape of a pair of bnllook'ttellft, which were vigorously manipulated with a view to winning back the errant insect*. The operator "charmed so wisely** that a number of the bees settled upon her hat, from which they hung in crawling pendant?,' never stinging the wearer, who, nothing fearsome, plied the bell, until they gradually occupied the Interior of an umbrella she had in the meantime expanded, when she bore them off i& triumph, to the surprise of a number of spectators, who stood in admiration of thi< exhibition of ooolnrss and nerve on the part of a feminine bee hunter. Tnc STAFF OF LIFB.-It has been proved, both by aoalysi* and statistics, that wheat meal-that i*« tneal made from the entire wheat-contains all the tonstltuents essential to the maintenance of perfect health; and while bread made of ibis meal, with water for drink, folly supplies nature's demands and oondnces to longevity, bread made of fine floor, when used exclusively, produces con stipation, disease, and death. Besides this* i wheat tneal can be prodaced greatly below the oost of fine flour; and.it is humillsting to ; reflect that tnan, with bis intelligence, incurs the expenditure of time, labor, and money, in order that horses and pigs sboald have the moBt nutritions pait of the wheat, while be, the slave of custom, is contented to feed oo the remainder- the fine flour- which, by Iteelf, Is inadequate to the support of life. Slater t Almanac for 1873. Mr. Peebles has delivered a second leoture on Spiritualism in Melbourne, which from the repoitfl appears to have resulted In a failure. The * Weekly Times,* after recording the fact that to all appearance Mr. Peebles has been deserted by his friends, goes on to say:-The proceedings were commenced on Monday by reading a few verses from the New Testament, after which Dr. Dunn read "a poem*' written by Sbakspear through a medium. The audi ence were told that as the poem was read they would perceive the authenticity of IIib inspiration, ft was a tissue of the moat stupid blank verse, with the exception of one or two lines pilfered from St, Paul, and if It Is a specimen of what the immortal William , can write now, the sooner be drops poetry the better for his eartbly reputation. Bone one evidently tried to parody bits and eoraps ; of the text, and a pretty mess they made of i it. commenced { "To be or not to be, that'* not tbe qaeaUon," and it went on to say that ShakBpeare knew that " HorftUt; U swallowed up tn lite.*' He also assured the world (through tbe medium) that there are oo "Macbeth*" prowl* iug about in spirit land. Neither is there anv Hauilet, nor even tbe Ghost of llamlet s father. There was ao "Desdemonas" to be smothered, *ud *' every Home? finds ills Juliet.** Those portions of the .» reading*' which were sot rubbish like thin were such alterations as "Thai ignorance makes cowards of us allj'* and it wound up with some other liberty taken with tbe.MTo be or not to be*' line. 