DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tbeaneu&l; session of the Synod was «pen»d •n Monday morning, May 6, at St. Pool's Church, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Service commenced at half-past 11 o'clock with the Litany, tfee Very Rev. Sean Russell officiating. The Holy Communion having been administered, His Xiordship delivered the following Pastoral Address:— " Rev. ana dear Brethren—The sudden fall •f "Hie Temporal Papacy, and the political decline of those, great Powers—France, Austria, and Spain—by which it had previously been sustained, naturally led me in my address last year to consider what might be the -effect on the 'Christian -world at large of that great catastrophe; what prospect tt opened for reform within Hie pale of the 'Latin Church; and of reconciliation -between it -and the ©reek Communion, as-well those bodies which sprang from the-bosom of-the Reformation. "The attempt to rivet on the -minds and hearts of all Roman Catholics a compulsoiy «iity-ot thought and belief by the novel dogma of Papal -Infallibility, as might be expected, roused up enquiry and resistance in every part of the 'Roman obedience.' And,-on the other hand, a strong yearning for closer fellowship in Ae Gospei has unmistakably manifested itself among the various-Reformed communions. Vfe have-seen, for instance, Prelates of our own Church in -Seotland ministering ic the churches of the Presbyterian Establishment, and amid the graves of the Covenanters, around the old Grey Friars* Church in Edinburgh, the Dean of "Westminster has preached on 'the new commandment of Christ 'to love one another as He loved us.' That seed, so long buried in the earth, has at length germinated, and put forth ;• a vigorous though yet tender'blade. It still needs - the continual dew of Ged's blessing ere the ear shall ripen into an abundant harvest. -"The^rowing fellowship among the-Presbyterian bodies, whether Scottish, -English, or Irish; whether Baptist, Congregational, orMethsdisfc in denomination, has not escaped my notice. By : interchange of pulpits, by fellowship in prayer, by holy communion cementing an Evangelical Alliancei by joining together in their various Church solemnities and charitable institutions, standing side-by side on the platform, their original principles of separation seem to have retired into the background, and their specialties of dogmatic opinion or Church order practically reduced to comparative insignificance. 'Whereto they hare attained, they walk by the same rule. Surely the Church of England may learn a valuable lesson from these their brethren after the common faith. Let us rightly appreciate -their.growing fellowships Jet us imitate their mutual consideration and bearing one with another. " Indeed, there are not wanting many cheering signs of a like yearning for outward as well as spiritual unanimity among the more earnest of our clergy in the several Schools of Thought, known as Evangelical, Broad, and High Church. "In proof of this assertion I would point to a late, address of the Rev. J. C. Ryle, kthat uncoiQpromismg defender of Evangelical principles. It was read at Islington, to an assembly of 850 clergy, at the 45th am-nn^i meeting of their Association. To him had been assigned the duty of opening that most interesting topic of -discussion, ' Can a greater amount of unity be obtained among zealous and pious Churchmen of different schools of thought;' and he laid down.five admirable rules for bringing about this most-desirable end:—1. To cultivate the habit of reoognising the grace of God and love to Christ, wherever that grace and love are to be found; 2.' Of -speaking charitably and courteously of those ..who disagree with us. 3. Of acquainting ourselves accurately with the real opinions and phraseology of other schools of thought.* 4. Of meeting men of those ether schools on neutral ground. 5. Of co-operating in promoting, good objects, whether of a temporal -or -semi- temporal character,' such as sanitary measures in epidemics or charitable relief of the starving populations of Paris or Chicago. "Surely by acting on these rules much of the .apparent division among Churchmen would disappear. The way also would be paved for closer fellowship with those who 'holding the head,' yet seem to us open to the charge of severing the body of Christ, and assuming distinctive -Appellations, productive at least of emulations, if not of strife. The time will perhaps arrive when a further step, which Mr. Ryle recommends, might be wis taken, namely, procuring private meetings of the leaders of theological thought, representing net -merely different schools within the Church, but -different Churches or denominations. Lutherans and old Catholics might thus approach each other. The Episcopalian and Presbyterian by this means harmonize their differences. The "residuum of irreconcilable disagreement would be found perhaps among orthodox Christians infinitesimally small compared with its-seeming present magnitude. " It is the happiness indeed of the present age that theological discussions are carried on with more of Christian courtesy, although religious convictions are held with no less tenacity than of yore. "Whatever appears to the individual mind unwarranted by Scripture or at variance with Apostolic order is condemned without compromise or hesitation. Still, men judge nothing of each other before the time, and thus enlightened reason has a better chance of making its voice heard amid the strife of tongues. Points at issue are more likely to be duly weighed and reduced to their proper proportions, much latent unity of thought and feeling will thus probably be brought to light, and something more than an union of compromise or indifference established. Mr. Ryle closed his address in these emphatic •words, ' Fathers and brethren, let us long for unity, pray for unity, work for unity, make sacrifices for unity, with all pious, and zealous, and genuine Churchmen, by whatever name -they may be called; but never let our thirst for unity tempt us to forsake our old evangelical principles. 1 When we reflect on the waste of force, time, and money occasioned by the overlapping of Christian agencies in the work of propagating the Gospel, the difficulties thrown in the way of missions among the heathens by such variety,-the spirit of rivalry and amount of selfopinion which they engender, and finally, their palpable antagonism to the prayer of our Lord for Hisi Apostles and 'all who should believe through their word, that they might be one;' if, I say, -we reflect on these things we shall be more disposed to labour for unity among ourselves as -Churchmen, and to facilitate as far as we can the joining together again and compacting- of the whole body of which Christ is the Head. * .In illustration of his third rule Mr. Ryle instances the misunderstanding caused by the use of | Regeneration' and 'Real Presence' in quite different senses. By regeneration many Episcopalians understand 'admission to the privileges of the covenant in Christ.'' The Bishops of the American Episcopal Church at the late Convention declared 'that in their opinion the word "regenerate" used ia the 'offices for the ministration of baptism for infants' is not there so used as to determine that a moral change in the subject of baptism is •wrought in the sacrament,' in which sense it is veiy generally used in modern theology. Again, by 'Real Presence' is popularly understood a local and material presence. But a spiritual presence is just as real as a material presence. Our communion service bids the communicant 'feed ah Christ in his hear i by faith with thanksgiving.' Into the metaphysical subtilties on •which 'transubstantiation' and * consubstantiaturn* are based our Church does not enter. Of any other than a subjective ' real,' but spiritual ' presence,' our office does not speak. Even those who with the late holy poet Keble dwell on the literal force of the words, 'This is My body,' divest that body .of the common property of matter, viz., 'extension in space,' in order that, united with the divine essence, it may be capable of ubiquitous presence. How incapable of proof by the evidence of secse such presence is; how presumptuous to dogmatize in the way of •'transubstantiation' or ..* consubstantiation,' or to force on reluctant congregations analogous speculative views by ceremonial symbolism, when tho Church of England is silent, I *l?inlr must be apparent to Churchmen in general. By the word 'sacrifice' also is not meant by Anglicans a reiterated. propitiatory offering made once for all at Calvary, but only a commemorative pleading of the meritorious death and passion of the one holy victim, offered by himself as the great High Priest on the altar .of the cross. One hindrance to such a reunion is found in the -Athanaaan Creed. During the last twelvemonth attention has been ' again awakened to this formulary, as causing many to stand aloof from our Cfcureh. It is used thirteen times in her service during the year, and in the 8th Article it is said 'that it may be proved by dost certain warranty of Scripture.' Admitting this to be true of the substance cf the doctrine, are "the damnatory or monitory clauses necessary? If so, why did they not find a place in the two-earlier Creeds ? " That God is revealed to us in Trinity of Person, yet One in essence, is -evident from the name into which we are baptized of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. ^Fhis is the meaning of the New Testament, as interpreted by the consentient witness of the Church from the beginning. Nor is it uncharitable if, as 'the pillar and ground of the truth/ she warns all men of their dagger in neglecting, mutilating, or corrupting the faith necessary for salvation. Love itself bids us, when we see any one sin '-a sin unto death,' warn him sharply of his danger. More than this eur Church does not wish to do. It is the substance of the faith for which she contends. This is plain from the Rubric—'The condemning clauses are tobe understood as relating only to those who obstinately deny the substance of tho Christian faith,' sought to be introduced in 1689 by the Royal Commissioners for the revision of the Liturgy. Also by the following note, recommended by a majority of the late Ritual Commission—'That the condemnations in this confession of faith are to be no otherwise understood than as a solemn warning of the peril of those who wilfully reject the Catholic faith.' ''But such dogmatic interpretations of passages in the Prayer-book are dangerous in principle and unsatisfactory in effect, for they leave unaltered the language which offends. Surely what the Church teaches it should teach inno uncertain terms. Rather than omit the Creed I would erase the condemnatory clauses which have no place in the Nicene formulary. On this point the history of the Creed becomes of importance,-and we may fairly refuse to accept the dogmatic decrees of the eighth century, or even the -fifth, consistently with the due deference we pay to the mind of the Church, which bears the stamp of Apostolic antiquity and Catholic consent. " Proposed Alteration in the Prayer-book.— The Archbishop and Bishops have proposed to Convocation apian for giving greater elasticity and variety to the services of our Liturgy. The order of morning and evening prayer is left -untouched, but it is proposed to allow to Incumbents, with approval of the Bishop, free selec- tion of Psalms, lessons, and prayers from the Prayer-book for a third service on the Lord's -Day; also to authorize the separate use of the Litany and other services, and to abbreviate the daily prayer by omission of certain parts. "These changes will- be welcome to many who delight to frequent daily the house of prayer, yet are tied down to fixed hours of business. They may also remove objections to liturgical forms rendered too rigid and unadaptive by the Act of Uniformity. Thus may be brought about a wider acceptance of the Book of Common -Prayer. Already, it is stated by the Press that the new Lectionaryhas been approved and sanctioned among the Wesleyan Methodists. As education becomes more general and higher in its character devotional taste will demand^ that congregational prayer shall clothe itself with language suited to the greatness and solemnity of the occasion. And what language can surpass in strength and fervency that of our Prayer-book? "lEnglish -Education Act.—An unexpectee cause of variance has sprung up at home in the Education .Act. When the Imperial Government seriously grappled with the question of national education, it was, I think, wisely determined to make use of the voluntary agencies then at work. Accordingly, it made grants in aid impartially to the British and Foreign or National Society schools, or those established by (the different Denominations. It was then determined to remove this burden from the General Revenue to local rates to be dispensed by local School Boards. Hence has arisen the dissension. Denominational claims to share in the rate became distasteful to many ratepayers; and as the Church of England by the superior number of its schools and scholars absorbed the larger portion of the rate, hence the opponents of the Established Church took occasion to assail the Education Act known as Mr. Forster's. "Education Act for South Australia. — In this colony there is no legal connection between Church and State. In a thinly-peopled country very widely settled it can hardly be expected that private funds or individual effort can provide the means of general education. In centres of population much may be done by voluntary effort; but in the rural districts and outlying townships it needs all the funds the Legislature can provide and the State administer in order to secure the elementary training of its future citizens. "Nor in the variety of Denominationsand their intermixture in a scanty population can the system known as 'payment by results' be brought into effective action. Believing firmly, however, in the Parochial school, carried on under the eye and discipline of the parochial minister, I nevertheless must acknowledge the right of the Government to direct the education wherever it appropriates public money in aid of theTeacher. I do not therefore think that in this colony Denominational schools should be carried on by grants out of the General Revenue or by local rates. It would be deplorable, however, if in all Government schools the use of prayers and Scripture reading were prohibited. The genuine Schoolmaster will never fail to avail himself of the power of God's truth and the voice of prayer to form the tone ef his scholars and regulate their behaviour. Tomy rev. brethren, then, I would say,'Raise up and maintain as far as you are aole your parochial school in connection with your Church. Try to induce your people to consider the education of the young of the flock as part of their parochial Church-life and of their pastor's cure of souls. This may well form part of their alms and offerings, to the glory of God and benefit of their poorer neighbours. I would only add that respect for conscientious scruples should ever distinguish Church schools, and win for them the confidence of those who are attached to other bodies.' Denominational Schoolrooms.—In the dearth of school-buildings belonging to the State in this colony, and the inability of the Government to provide adequately for the educational wants of the population, it might be well to act on the plan adoptedby the Manchester Education League, viz., to accept the use of denominational schoolrooms fcr certain Government education hours, leaving the Trustees to make suoh provision for religious instruction before and iter those hours as they shall think fit. Such was the plan adopted by the Corporation of the Pulteney-street School last year, but it failed to secure acceptance. In the interest, however, both of secular and religious education in this colony it may be advisable to act on the above plan, not as the bestposable, but as the only one practicable. The Church and State would stand independent of each other, yet not in hostile attitude, but rather lending each other support. Conscience would at all events be "respected. The Protestant child might avail himself of the voluntary provision for Scripture reading and prayer. The Roman Catholic need only use the secular education. One unspeakable advantage would thus be gained. The poison of sectarian bigotry would not be imbibed in the guileless hours of childhood. The future citizens of this country would grow up together in habits of friendly intercourse, nor would differing views of religious duty sever the adamantine links of friendship welded together in the glowing fire of early affection. , The Reformation set in movement by Luther was in its very natnire combative. It contained in itself the principle of endless division, based on the sovereignty of the individual conscience. But if combative, it was also expansive in its zeal, and productive everywhere of civil and religious liberty. The Anglo-Saxon races owe to this their independence of thought and their self-reliant character. The only danger is lest liberty should lose itself in licence, and the Communion of the saints on earth be forgotten in the exercise of private judgment. Of old in the Valley of Vision the breath of the Spirit caused even dry bones to come together, clothing them with sinews and flesh, until they stood up an exceeding great army. JSreii£0 from all parts of Christendom and in , all sections of the body of Christ there are souls moved by the Spirit of God sighing for rest and peace and fellowship one with another in the Gospel of Christ—the Dollingere and Hyacinthes—unable to build up their faith on the novel basis of Roman infallibility ; yet, weary of the strife of tongues set loose by individual judgment, and issuing in the uncertainty of private opinion. The old Catholic party, like the Reformers of the Church of England, are seeking in the witness of the Primitive Church to the Holy Scriptures; in the consentient interpretation of them testified by the earliest creeds and the anti-Nicene Fathers, in the antiquity and universality of traditions truly Apostolic, a reasonable and assured ground for their beliefs. We wait with patience for the issue, as we watch the progress of that movement in enlightened Germany. That light will prevail over darkness and -scriptural truth over human inventions none can doubt who believes that Christ as a Son feigns -over the household of God, and that by His Spirit the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified. In witness of the spirit -of --unity now prevailing among the Protestant Churches, I have to call your attention to a proposition emanating from members of our Church at home, and approved by M. Merle D'Aubignfi. viz., to devote a week to special prayer during this month of May for the increase in ourselves and amongst Protestants of personal religion; -for successful resistance to and victory over Infidelity and Rationalism and, finally,' that Roman additions to the Gospel and Church of Christ maybe taken away by the conversion of many of that communion; who, believing in God, know not where to find teachers that shall lead them to the fountains of living water instead of the broken cisterns of human invention. Believing that the Apostles received plenary authority to build up the Kingdom of Christ, and full instructions concerning the things of that Kingdom; be lieving also that the -doctrines and order of the Church in which we have been baptized and have gro-Wn up, tested by Scripture and Church history, are, as near as may be, in accordance with those of the sub-Apostolic age in the first century, we dare not treat them as matters indifferent, to L>j compromised away or openly abandoned. " Not, then, in the spirit of worldly pride or sectarian bigotry, but conscientiously, we hold them, because they afford the best basis of friendly reconciliation among the Churches, and of resisting on the one hand the assaults of Rationalism, and on the other the usurpations o Ultramontane Romanism." "General Conference at Sydney.—Another illustration of this longing for unity is afforded by the proposed meeting in September next of the Bishops of the Australasian dioceses, with representatives from the several Synods, in Con vention at Sydney—a measure long desired by this Synod, and which, by God's blessing, may strengthen our hands in working for Christ and His kingdom, as well as cheering our hearts by brotherly sympathy in the bonds of the Gospel.' "A. ADELAIDE." BUSINESS MEETING. " The meeting for the disposal of business was held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, in the afternoon. There was a large number of clergy men and laymen present. The proceedings were opened by prayer by the Biehop. TEE STNODAL ROLL. The Synodal Compact was signed by new members, and the roll was made up follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide — Rev. Richardson Reid; Synodsmen, Wm. Gosse, H. D. Holmes, Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A. ; J. Bath, W. W. Blyth, J. S. Bellhouse, A. B. Cooper. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt; J. Williams, G. Colyer, J. K. Hawthorn, R. H. Edmunds. St. Paul's Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell; W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, S. C. Pearson, G. M. Turnbull. St: Paul's Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green; H. Duncan, H. D. Cruttenden.* St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. T. J. Smyth, M.A.; W. S. Moore, W. T. Cooper. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. W. W. Ewbank, M. A.; J. E. Moulden, A. Lloyd. All Saints', Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. H. Catchlove. St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H. M. Pollitt; G. E. DeMole. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Rev. Canon Dove, M.A.; J. Acraman, C. B. Young. St. Matthew's, Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins: E. W. Meredith, J. Howell. St. George'6, Woodforde—Rev. A. Honner; H. P. Denton. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Hy. Read, M.A.; N. Oldham, L. W. Thrupp. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie; J. H. Wiles. . St. Mary's, South- road—Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; E. Thornber. Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. J. L. Smith, B.A.; T. J. S. O'Halloran, St. Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. Thos. Field, M.A.: R. B. Colley, N. Blyth. St. Stephen's, Willunga—R. G. Jay. St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga. St. James's, Blakiston—Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; B. Gray. ' Christchurch, Mount Barker—Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; J. W. Gower. St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. H. J. Poole, M.A.; Thomas Pugh. St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs; W. H. Lewis. Christchurch, Kapunda—Rev. J. M. Donaldson; Frederic Wicksteed, H. Scott. St. Mary's, Kooringa—M. MacDermott. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—A. R. Addison. St. John's, Mount Pleasant—Rev. W. A. Clayfield; W. S. Douglas. St. Peter's, Robe—Rev. H. Howitt; J. A. Fergusson, H. H. Thomas. Christchurch, Gambierton—A. Blyth, EL K. Hughes. St. Thomas', Port Lincoln—N. Blyth, G. W. Hawkes. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse; Henry Dutton. All Saints', Moonta—A. Spence. St. John's, Macclesfield—Rev. C. G. Taplin. St. Mary's, Echunga—Rev. C. G. Taplin. Holy Tnnity, Riverton—John Bosworth. St. James's, Glenburn. The following Churches are recommended by the Election Committee for union with Synod:— Emanuel, Chinkford—Rev. J. Houghton ; G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's, Bungaree—Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A.; W. L. Beare. St. Barnabas's, Clare—Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A.; J. Hope. The following Churches are not yet in union with Synod, but are included in this list to give status on the roll to the clergymen:— St. John's Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins. St. John's Salisbury—Rev. W. Scott. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A. St. Jude's Brighton — Rev. H. Williams (Deacon). Chrifctchurch, Strathalbyn. St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. J. C. Haynes (Deacon). Narracoorte Mission. THE STATE OF THE DIOCESE. The BISHOP read his report on this subject as follows:— The Diocese had. hardly recovered from the loss cf Dean Farrell and Archdeacon Twopeny in 1869, and was again recruiting the number of its clergy by the accession of the Revs. C. W. Hawkins, C. G. Taplin, and F. W. Marshall, when early in 1871 the health of the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson gave way. Compelled to relinguish duty for a time, he sought to recover his health by a voyage to New Zealand. The vital powers, however, were fatally impaired, and on lis return'he lingered, with few intermissions of pain, until in August he entered into rest. By lis removal two important congregations were left without a pastor, but by the kindness of the Archdeacon and Canon Farr, together with the unflagging zeal of the Lay Readers, services, were supplied and the Sacraments duly administered until the incumbencies could be filled. St. Bartholomew's was placed under the charge of the Rev. W. W. Ewbank, and the Rev. J. Smyth succeeded to St. John's. The separation of these cures has had a beneficial effect. A new parsonage has been already built and occupied in the former parish, and the congregation considerably increased. The difficulty of finding an Incumbent fcr St. J elm's was greatly enhanced by a he^yydebt imprudently contracted in -building the new parsonage, and at the present time a heavy mortgage on it threatens to alienate both house and garden from the Church. I doubt the propriety, if not the legality, of so dealing with property placed in trust for Church purposes, and at all events it frustrates the object for which grants were obtained from the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Meanwhile, the important cure of Kapunda was filled by the Rev. J. M. Donaldson, late minister of Mortlake, in Victoria, who, I trust., by ability and patience, will overcome the difficulties inherent in a cure which comprises a mining township as well as scattered rural population. Two other incumbencies also became vacant in the course of last year—Blakiston and MagilL The temporary inconvenience thus caused was removed by the appointment respectively to these cures of the Rev. Henry J. Poole and A. Honner. St. Mary's, Sturt, and O'Halloran Hill, have since fallen to the charge of the Rev. J. Leslie Smith, and at this time Moonta and Wallaroo alone are vacant.* Such rearrangement of parochial charges is not unattended with much trouble and correspondence, but I am not without hoDes that some benefit results from such occasional changes. It is gratifying to me to be able to report the completion of a spacious church at Strathalbyn, to which the Rev. F. Slaney Poole was unanimously invited by the congregation. It forms the head station of a large missionary district, comprising Wellington, Langhorse's Creek, and the Lake Plains. I am thankful that this widely-settled agricultural district, as well as the important town of Strathalbyn, have been placed under the charge of an energetic and capable minister. Brighton, also, which is growing every day to be a favourite summer retreat from Adelaide, enjoys the advantages of a resident curate in the person of the Rev. Hartley Williams. In Lefevre's Peninsula the Rev. S. Green, with his usual energy, has succeeded in building and opening a mission school and church; and at Rhynie, as well as Myponga, new churches are in course of erection, although the deficiency of the harvest may probably delay their completion. We must bow to the will of Providence, which has seen good to curtail the produce of our fields,, and so retard our designs for His glory. Port Wakefield and Lacepede Bay have been added to the number of our mission stations, and quarterly services are held at Blanchetown. Sites for Churches are secured at Penola and at Port Wakefield, and should trade prosper at the latter valuable shipping-place, we may hope to see a Church commenced there at no very distant date. With regard to missionary labours, I have to report thatthe Rev. C.Goodenough Taplin visited, at my request, Streaky Bay and the stations between it and Port Lincoln. The Poonindie Institution afforded valuable assistance towards this missionary tour, and Mr. Taplin reports well of the kindness and thankfulness with which his visits were everywhere welcomed. The absence of the Lay Reader, Mr. 0. K. Richardson, whom illness oompelled to seek medical advice in Adelaide, rendered Mr. Taplin's comingstill more timely and acceptable, and such visits I muBt endeavour to supply more frequently to the Western coast. The Rev. C. Morse also from time to time visited Kangaroo Island, but his failing health of late has suspended for a time his valuable labours among the island settlers. On the other hand, Canon Dove , has made three visits to the district north of the Broughton, where there should undoubtedly be settled a resident missionary. Until, however, one can be found worthy to tread the steps of Archdeacon Twopeny, it is more acceptable to the settlers that an experienced minister, possessed of spiritual zeal and Christian gentleness, should occasionally visit these out-lying portions of our population. I do trust, however, that, with reviving prosperity and increasing commerce, Port Augusta and the missionary stations will call for and support reasonably a resident minister. I know of no place* where true Christian character and evangelical energy would more 6urely reap an abundant harvest of souls. The Blinman and Prince Alfred Mines have also received visits from Mr. Dove, and these visits, though rare, have not failed to encourage the serious to hold fast to their profession without wavering, and awaken others to repentance. To these missionary tours I may add those which I myself have been at liberty to take during the past 12 months. From Bungaree and the Burra to Glenburn and Port Elliot in the south; from Mount Pleasant to Port Wakefield and Moonta on the west; and again in the south-east to Robe, Mount Gambier, Penola, Narracoorte, and MacDonnell and Lacepede Bays. In several of these places I have held confirmations. For such extended pastoral visitations, however, the number of our clergy —38 and one on probationary employment—is all too few, even including my own ministrations. St. Peter's Collegiate School I thankfully acknowledge is yearly adding its quota to our clerical body, and I am well satisfied that they not only meet the requirements of the Diocese, but in general qualifications for the minis try of the Church of England and theological knowledge they are not behind the ordinary supply of Literates from England. It would be very desirable, however, if from the Mother Church the Diocese could receive from time to time a highly-qualified and accomplished minister. Some such might probably be found willing to emigrate; but they will not feel called on to abandon ministerial duty at home, as well as friends and country, on the mere chance of a precarious provision for themselves and families, and that, too, with the possibility of being rejected by some Vestiy or Committee. The congregation which desires to live under tfee care of such a pastor must not only raise funds for the passage, but also give a reliable guarantee that a competent income will be supplied. Few men are likely to resign a settled endowment income for the precarious and fluctuating stipend gathered only from pew-rents and fees. The life-incumbency, however, of endowed irishes. at home has its evils, and fails to meet the emergencies of a young country, where the changes of population are often rapid. A mining population, for example, of 16,000 souls distributed in distant townships, replaces in a few years the lonely sheep-walk, and the missionary suited to the latter may be ill able to meet the exigencies or cope with the difficulties of the former. Offences, also, will from time to time arise, and, although no charges of immoral conduct, heretical doctrine, or breach of ecclesiastical rule can be sustained, congregations may be broken up, and the Ministry of the Word harrassed by unwise or unguarded conduct. I see no reason why suoh conduct as is unbecoming a clergyman and gentleman should not form the subject of enquiry under the Synod, as well as the analagous enquiry which takes place _ in Her Majesty's army. The very possibility of such enquiry would go a long way to prevent its occurrence. Instead of discontent spreading and growing until a congregation is weakened or divided, enquiry might result in the removal of the grounds of offence, or lead to an exchange of incumbency. At present it requires what is tantamount to the formal procedure of criminal law to remove an Incumbent from his benefice. Absolute power of ejection, on the other hand, vested in Trustees or lay deacons, degrades the pastorate of souls; while the vacating of missions biennially weakens its influence, 60 .far as that depends on the individual minister. I commend the subject, therefore, to your thoughtful consideration, as well as the need of a fund for superannuated Clergy. The missionary operations of the Diocese during the past year are classed under two distinct heads—those which concern our Aborigines, and the aid afforded to the Melanesian Mission. The Poonindie Institution during the past year has increased its numbers without impairing the moral and religious tone of the inmates, bred up for the most part on the station. Including a camp of bush natives, employed partially in clearing land for agriculture, above 100 aborigines were under the religious influence of the Superintendent, Mr. Holden. Mr. Taplin, on his way to Streaky Bay, visited and inspected the institution. He expressed a very favourable opinion of the state and habits of the generality. Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin has been nominated to the joint cure. At Kingston, Lacepede Bay, Miss Armstrong has also carried on a native school. The children are few in the school—do not exceed 12\. When visited lately by myself and His Exlency the Governor, those present manifested very great intelligence and sound instruction. The wooden schoolhouse, built of weatherboard, is much out of repair. The shiugle roof admits the rain both to the storeroom and sleepingplace of the native children; while the weatherboards, being warped, make such draughts that the open air is less likely to cause catarrh than such a sleeping apartment. The weathereide, at least, of the roof and house should be covered at once with metal, if the school is kept on. It is not the fault of the mistress, Miss Armstrong, that more children are not attracted to it. The Rev. H. Howitt, who visits Kingston monthly, is veiy decidedly of opinion that this school deserves support. I know not where on the south coast a better spot could be chosen as a missionary centre than the head-quarters of the Maria Creek tribe. It was there that the survivors from that ship-wrecked vessel fell victims to a barbarity not less cruel thau that which has compassed the death of our lamented Bishop Patteson. The South Australian Government of that day felt called on to make a terrible example of those natives and the treacherous cruelty of the Nakapu islanders in their use of poisoned arrows, has provoked from one of ELM. ships of war a still more fearful retribution. It is much to be lamented that the cause of evangelical missions should thus apparently be mixed up with such military executions; but cruelty, treachery, and murder will in these days, as of old, bring down summary vengeance upon the tribe or nation which habitually cultivate_ those dispositions. Even-h&nded; British justice, however, should sweep from the seas those man-stealers and kidnappers who for filthy lucre entrap the savage and reduce him to unwilling bondage. Let us hope that these disastrous events will hereafter open a large and effectual door for missionary enterprise among the Melanesian Islanders. The school in Norfolk Island is larger than ever before; numbering in all 153 Melanesians, drawn from all the islands over nine degrees of latitude. In Mota last year the Bishop baptized 293 infants and adults; 17 lads of George Sarawia's school; and 41 grown up, mostly married men and women. To Canon Vidal the Bishop wrote:— "Pray more than ever for this little Infant Church and George Sarawia." The work and character of our dear brother and lamented Bishop Patteson can never be forgotten by the members of this Chnrch and Diocese. His praise is in all the Churches; he himself with the saints in glory. But we have been invited to contribute towards some memorial to his name—and what memorial so good or so dear as to support and extend his mission? Our resources are not great. To our power we have contributed to it. By God's help we will continue to do so. The want of a new mission ship, in which to carry on the work, is the most pressing at this time. In addition to our usual subscriptions some of us may be disposed to aid in this way, and so enable his co-workers in Norfolk Island to preach the Gospel of peace in those places where the Bishop died as a true soldier of the cross; thus exemplifying his own loving character and the real nature of that blessed Gospel which he sought to propagate. The savage will then learn to discriminate the messenger of peace from the sword-bearer or the freebooter. He will then fly t« the former as a friend and succourer rather than with remorseless cruelty slay one whom he had once known and honoured, and then beguiled to his death. In conclusion, I may remark that in spite of death and transfers of clergy to different cures, nearly all the statistical returns show an increase. "There are more churches and congregations, more communicants, more confirmed, more sittings let, more funds raised. The Sunday scholars have slightly decreased. I commend thie last point to the careful consideration of the Incumbents. On their selection of good teachers and able superintendents depends, under God's blessing, the good behaviour and the numbers of those who are brought up under the nurture and admonition of the Church. Lastly, I have the pleasure of stating that, through means supplied by the Attornevs of tho Propagation of the Gospel Society, the HosDital, Destitute Asylum, Magill Industrial School, as well as the Gaol and Ilfracombe Reformatory, will be supplied with stated ministrations from the city and suburban clergy. The reports of the Standing and Missionary Committees were then read. Thanks to the Bishop was passed for his pastoral address and report. His Lordship introduced the subject of union for prayer, in accordance with the suggestions of Hon. Arthur Kinnard and Dr. D'Aubigne, and it was decided there should be a debate next day respecting it. He also stated there was to be a Convention in Sydney, further consideration of which was postponed till Tuesday. Several other subjects of minor importance were dealt with. We have no room for a full report, but refer our readers to this morning's Register for details. The offertory, which was made in aid of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Guarantee Fund, amounted to £4 lis. 3d. CHARGE OF MURDER.—During the passage of the City of Dublin, from London, a terrible occurrence took place on board which deprived one man of life and has placed another in imminent peril. It appears that there was an able seaman on board named Jas. Griffiths, who, although rather deaf, was regarded as a remarkably quiet inoffensive man. On March 16 at midnight, after the watch had been relieved as usual, an altercation arose between him and another able seaman in the forecastle named John Everett. Very foul language is reported to have passed, and eventually Everett sprung upon Griffiths, and with an open knife stabbed him in the chest. The unfortunate man only uttered a few words, and in a very few minutes died. The master, who was aroused by the scuffle, came on deck, and tried to stop the flow of blood from the wound, but his efforts were ineffectual. Of course the usual entry in such cases was made in the log-book, and the depositions of the several witnesses duly recorded. The assailant was placed in irons, and immediately on the arrival of the vessel was given in charge to the police. THE NEW GENERAL POST-OFFICE.—0A Saturday evening the Telegraph and Postal Depart' ments were transferred to the new offices, and on Monday morning the handsome and commodious building was opened for business, a white ensign flying from the Victoria Tower in honour of the event. The people who flocked throughout the day into the spacious hall were struck with its proportions and style, while the officials certainly were not "cribbed, cabined, and confined" in their various rooms, where there is plenty of space for alL The place when lit at night had a fine effect, and many visitors who had nothing to do with either post or wire strolled about, lost alt ernately in wonder and admiration. At first many letter-senders will be rather puzzled about where they are to deposit their missives, theplan of having one comprehensive receiver for all inland letters having given place to an arrangement of boxes which requires that transmitters of correspondence shall study nearly " a' the airts the wind can blaw." Numbers of letter- writers have indistinct ideas as to the direction and route of the places to which they send, and for a time numbers of folk will manage to put envelopes down wrong spouts. Ere long, however, town residents and country cousins will alike get over the difficulty. Should the change of system have no worse effect than causing the people to become more intimately acquainted with geographical facts in order to prevent letters and papers going the public will be able to console themselves easily. Unless care is taken in depositing newspapers and correspondence in the proper boxes, wo need hardly say that both receivers and senders will often be annoyed by learning that mails have been missed; for of course the Southern and Eastern receptacles will not be cleared at the same time as, for instance, the Noithern, City, Port, or Suburban receivers. Thus a letter for Mount Barker, if placed in the box marked North, &c.;, would remain till say 4 o'clock, whereas the mails for the South and East close at 2.30 p.m. THE PRICE OF COPPER.—The private telegram referred to in yesterday's Register, mentioning a further rise in copper, and quoting Chili as £96 to £98, was not dated in March, as erroneously printed, but April 11. 