HOUSE OF ASSEMBtV. Tho House met at 2 o'clock, when the Clerk. H. M. Hull, Esq., took the ch.ir, (he Sergeant at Arras, .1. E. Calder, Esq., being aL in his chair. All the members were, present, with the exception of Messrs. Moore, Whitc head, aud Wilson. MKSBAOE FBOU THE COPKCIL. Shortly after 2 o'clock thr Usher of Ihe Black ltod colored Ihe chamber and delivered a message from the Commig. sioncrs then Rilling iu the Legislative Council Clinniher, commanding the ut tendance of (he members of tho House to The members, preceded by the Clerk, went up lo the Council On the return of the members, the Clerk, again taking bis chair, reported that the House had attended the Com missioners, who had requested them to proceed 10 the election of a Speaker, but before proceeding (o any business he called upon them to take the oath of alle giance uud the declaration required hy the Electoral Act. The Clerk noxi, read tho relurni U- the writs, utiu administered ihc oath lo llic following members : — William llclbin, Esq, South Hobarl. Tbe Hon. Henry Duller, Brighton. .Ionics Castley, Ksq., South Lnunoeslon. Tlic Hoii.rii.-s.n.(Jliapman.Kas(. Koiiarl. Alexander Clerke, Esq., llinewood. .1 nines Cox. Esq., North Launceston. Jus. Monnghan Doolcv. Esq., East Devon. Adyo Douglas, Esq., Pineal. The Hon. W. It. Giblin, Central Hobarl. James Gray, Ksq.. West Hobart. James Amdell Gunn, E-q., Sorell. Samuel Henry, Esq.. Dcloraine. William Hodgson, Esq., Richmond. Fred. .1. Houghlon. Esq., Norfolk Plains, .lobu A. Jackson, Esq., Quocnborou^li. Geo. Wm. Kcacb, Esq., Campbell Town. Henry Elms Lettc, Esq., Central Laun David Lewis, Esq., Clarence. The Hon. Charles Meredith, West Devon. John Millar, Esq., Wentbury. John Mitchell, Lsq.. Glamorgan. The Hon. Sir Robert Officer, Kut., Glcnorcby. Christopher O'Reilly, Esq., King. borough. Alexander Riddoeh, Esq., Now Norfolk. George Salier, Esq., North Hobarl. Jamei Scott, Esq., George Town. .Umes Reid Scott, Esq., Solby. John Swsn, Esq., Cumberland. Russell Young, Esq., Franklin. FLECTION OFSrRlKEH. In the formal niauncr prescribed by the Standing Orders, The Col. Treasurer then moved that the Hon. Sir Robert Ollccr do take the chair as tbe Speaker of this House. Mr Charles Meredith seconded Ihe motion. Sir Robert Officer ni then called to the chair, no other candidate having been proposed, and, sUiudinj* on the first step of the dais, he returned his acknowlodg. ments to the House for the honor con. ferred upon him, and assumed the chair. The Col. Treasurer then congratulated MY Siifntnr nnnn )iiti ninMicn nnd in. formed the House that His Excellency the Governor would bo pleated to receive Mr Speaker at noon on the following (this) day. He. moved (hat the Ifousc do now adjourn till two o'clock on Wodnes. Jay. Carried, and the House adjournedl ac cordingly. ? Attempt to tli'snf a HailwavTp*ik. On Friday last when the last train for Doloraivio was passing through one of (he deep cuttings beyond St. Leonards, it came against an obstruction laid across (he rails. This produced a shock, but not sufficient lo atarm the pnsscngorR as the engine cleared the obstruction ofT the line. Mr Culbush, tho engineer, hailed the train, and on examination it was ascer tained that a wooden rail from a fence had been deliberately placod across the liuo of rails, and backed up by llic largest stones that could be found amongst the ballast at hand. The. intention must have been to throw the carriages off tho line, but forlunalclr that onnnot be done so easily as might be supposed. No statement was niado al the time, of what had occurred, as il would have caused unnecessary alnrm, but informa'jon was given to the police, ami Mr Prnpsline, Chief District Constable of Selby, has been at work ever since endoavo 'ing to trace the perpetrators of this piece of fiendish mischief. He has succeeded in discovering that tJic ofjendcrs are two boys, ooe named Scth Marlcy, and tho other John Woodward, who reside in the vicinity of the Scotch burial ground, end having obtained a warrant for their arroit it pas executed yesterday. They are now in custody at the Police, S(at|qn and will be brought before fiio Police 'Utgiitrete UiU morning. Ektehtaixukkt at St. Josunt's Haul.— Another dramatic aud musical entertainment was given by tho Young Men's Catholic Association, at St. Joseph's Hall, last evening. The attend auco was not so largo ns usual. Tlio St. Joseph's Hand performed u selection of if ' A I'lii'lioincuou in a Sluock Frock,' *ith Mr 11. Koimclly as 'The Phono ™.l1Olu'« 'fore— i'l'LuT t!' Sullivan as ilelsy Chirrup, mid .Master W. E. 1oa royd. us Mrs Darker. This was fol lowed by 11 musical interlude, in which Ihe fuvorilc. imwn were the songs, 'Away lo tlio Woods,' and Ihe bride',, snug. ' I am leaving lliee. Mother donr, ' hv lady amateurs. Each win culhusius'tically' encored and in purl repeated. The song 'To-day' by Mr Hoper met with similar anniven.lion. Mr J. Gulvili sang' Molly Asllioro,' and Mr E. Kon-nrlzi.- gave a solo on llic pianolorlo, Tlic (.iitcrlainincul concluded wilh the farce of '.lobu Dobbs,' in which Mr James Donlau distinguished himself an the accomplished, lalcnU'd, anil versatile ' .lolm Dobbs. ' Mr It. 11. Murray brought out the peculiarities of ?' Mr iVUT I'aleruosl.ir,' thu wholesale bullou maker, very cleverly. Master T. Sullivan as ' Lucy,' was ns graceful and feminine us it is possible far 011c of the ' unfair' (the op posit.- of Ihe 'I'jir') sot could b.', and Mr W. K. Lcuroyd who lins greatly 'Mrs Clicslcrloii' very iroll. There ni just one drawback or deled, and it is common lo most amateurs, llic difficulty they nice! Mill) in producing a natural laugh. Ho. I111. ha. or Ho, bo. ho, or oven He, bo, lie, if merely repeated without any appearance of real risibility, will novel- proiiilec as much »1 (lie ghost of a laugh. Iu other respects tlio dialogue were, well up in their several parls. Tn-o Men- Ovkmioiiid. — As the steauii'r Atiuie onto rod Lion* Hoads on Monday mormnp, a boni containing two men came ofTfrom (lie pilot station, aud in endeavoring to board tlic steamer both (he men mana^od to tumble into tho water. They were rescued in a few □liniiLcB none the worsi? of their ducking « TKLEGOAriTIf CoilllITKICATIOK WITH casions called attention to the necessity for the cRUblishmcul of a telegraph notice A .nessnge was sent to a party nt George Town from the Lamiceslou olllce early on Saturday evening. It was not delivered until Monday morning, when it was refused, as, in the interim, tlic sender had arrived at George Town, and deli vered it in prapviit pernona. Fortunately the message wns ol little consequence, but it michl have been otherwise, and its do-i- delivery wigkt hare occasioned grrat loss and inconvenience. We understand that Mr Warren, manager of the submarino cable, lately made sug gestions to (he Government for the establishment of a public ollice ut George Town in such a way as to entail very little cost, end seeing (lie importance of (hit; favorite watering place we think this ought to be done. Were telegraphic com tnuuication dirtet established there cau he nn riniilif, that nmnv Inisinnss licnnlc summer residence, but under the present system tiii'y will not do so as they can nut ask a dingle question through the tele grap'i under the pneo of a. sub-mariuc cable message. Tlio member for tlio dis trict should attend to this matter during the present session. TieiuKUir Ciubcoh fuox Caupixr. column to- day it will be scon that this company advertises lor lenders Tor laying the sleepers aud rail, on llieir line of tramway, (Xlcmling Irom the jolty at \V pst Arm to llic mine at Anderson s Creek, a distance of ?«,' miles. Tin- ten ders have lo bo iu by Saturday at noon, and we uiidorslaud it is intended lo push tho work forward with all speed. The sleepers are fast being cut in the bush, llic coast, the line is nearly all formed aud drained, tlio culverts and bridges nrcbi.'illg constructed, nu.l it is hoped llml the tram way will be Guished and al work within a very few weeks. Tho jelly is now out 2411 feet into H- feel « inches of water. It is intended to carry it IK) feet further, when a depth of 12 feet at high vhiUt will be secured. This jelly is a most substantial structure, bunt in pig-sty fashion, the logs being al! chocked and trenuilod tngollier. Il is 10 feel wide, and is being planked with Sin. sawn lim on Friday un a bill ot ore cauli^aaus 10 the silo of the works. All open culling is being pill in, and the appearance of ihc stone is very promising. The brick makers arc preparing tbe clay for bricks to construct the furnaces, and this is said to bo of evcollcnt quality. Tbe charcoal burners nflfe seven or eigli( large kilus ready for liriug, und contractors aru now putting up a large store or Bbod for housing the charcoal Altogether the company's operations are being vigorously prosecuted, aud wo trusl will give suc cessful result!. it Kino's Collimi:.— Mr Horard Dun das Stewart, son of the Into Mr Alexan der Stewart, who is in London studying for the medical profession, passed his pre liminary scientific (M!.B.) examination, and has been placed in (ho first division. Out of tho 130 students who presented themselves for examination, only 23 passed in the Grst division. Mr Stewart was among tho oighl who passed the sub sequent Honors' Examination, and he gained Ibo prize at King's College iu botany. Mr If. D. Stewart was formerly a pupil of Mr Abraham Barrett, of the i^jnegiiiu insuiuic, LiauncrsLon, anu completed hiscolouiil education at Korlon College. Ton St. Lkokiod's Ikstitctk.— Tho churchwardens of St. Leonard's Church bare convened a meeting of the parishion ers of While Hills and St. Leonards, to be held at the abovo place at 5'30 p.m. this ovening for tho purpose of determin ing the steps lo bo taken with regard to the croclion of a parsonage there. Thk iioAD Steiuee.— Mr Reid's ro«d steamer has been visited at the Water Worlis yard and admired by a great many citizens during tho past two days. Ar rangemonts arc being made for having it shipped per s.s. Pioneer to Ihc Lcvcn. Mb HwfBV DnwuKO.— Br nn ndver tisemenl iu another column it will ho seen that Mr lionry Dowling has estab lished himself as n commercial and .-stale agent, accountant and sharobroker in Cameron's buildings, St. John-street. Thk OiTnu of REWinni.— Duriiic a discussion in I ho Municipal Council on Monday last, it was understood I lint 11 reward oflerol for the discorory of the offender who cul and destroyed troes in St. George's Square and High-street tome feiv years back had been paid. The Council was evidonlly under that impres sion, but we understand l'ial the reward never was claimed hy the Superintendent of Police, the only person who could legally claim it frnm theCfiuncil. The persons who gave the information which led to tho discovery and conviction of tho offender did not nppljr to Ihe Superintai. dent of Police for any share of the reword and for that reason he never claimed it, though he could do so and insist on pay ment of the amount oflcred by the Coun cil as 0 reward. Fi he. -Bel ween 1 and S o'clock on Monday morning, tbe roof of a wooden and iron workshop in the rearoflhe pre mises of Messrs. Fitzgerald and Co., Bris bane-street, was found to be on lire. The alarm was given, the firo brigades as sembled promptly with their hoso-rccls, and in a few minutes poured on fl suffi cient supply of water to extinguish tho flames before they got a Orni hold on tho premises. The shingles were ignited hy sparks from a tmoko flue which had been blown off clow lo tho roof. The repiir of the flue should have heen in progress ac cording to order it the very time it tot Oif wof on Ore, Piunce or Wales BmTnluv.— As tho mnivcrsary of the birth of H. It. II- Ibo L'rince of Wales falls Ibis year upon a Saturday, tlio Secretary of the Iwly Closing Association has applied (a Ilia Munici1nlC0u11c.il to huve the colebral 1011 oflbo day dcforre.1 until Monday the lltli November, Saturday being n most mi suitable, day (or holiday making. Ihe application wa- mpporlod by an agree ,n nt Mgncl bv i.boul lifly of tlic loading business lirins'.i, town, staling Dial they would close llu-ir business premises on M.imlay, lltli. iuiitoad of Sntur.l.iy. !lih November. Tlio Mayor iinderlook to imply lo tli* Cil.miid 'Scerelary to have Monday, iinli'a.1 of Saturday declared a ''ti'i'i: 'wiBM-ricK ''ixv— Mr Hi.-hard Cliugg applied at the 1'olice Court jiwur day before ! Messrs. Mason and Turnliilll U -permission t,. sell liquors al Ibo Wool pack Inn, Hr.-ail.lban.., under the license held by Mr Henry Cliugg, until tho next quarterly licensing inoelinj;. Peruiisslou ''Fiun'»TV«iiMii;i.i Town. -On Mon day last about mid-day the roof of the kitchen of tho Uuleuoniau Hotel, Camp bell Town, caught lire, nnd there was danger Hint it would roach up to tlio hotel, but tlio residuals assembled in force and by promptly pouring on a liberal supply of water ibo (lames were soon extinguished. Exfout or Siii-i:i'. — Tho steamer Tamar look aivay :il- »hc.'|i yesterday, part of them having been purchased for ruu« in (iumulinJ. They are chiefly all Leicester ones and rums from Iho runs of Messrs. it. M. Avre, Joseph Archer, J. 1). loonoy. and Kicld. Akbivai ok Mil am. Mps Geobuk Dauhki.l — Mr George Oarrcll and Mrs Darren (Mrs ltoliert Heir) arrived at Hotiarl Town by Iho City ol Hobarl. from Sydney on Friday last, und are to appear there in their popular cutcrtuiument termed ' Darrell's Delights.' Mrs Kobt. Ifcir was famous throughout. the colonies ten years ago us a most accomplished actress, aud Mr Darrcll has long been a favorite actor. Tbo Syitnci/ Morning HcraM of the 15th iust. siys of tbcm: 11 These popular dramatic artists leave Sydney for Tasmania to-day, after a sue rcnthil tour throunh Queensland. Their entertainment partakes of tho character of 1 drawing-room suiire, in which reading -nd music are the chief features. The ' CnntsTiiN Witxksb.' — Wo lave received the tenth uuiubcr of the minete. Tlic leading articles are on ' Sciiool aud State' and ' TIioCViihWi A'c«-*on the Sydney Conference.' This number of tlie Witness is equal to any of its predecessors ; all the articlci original ind select, have point and force. Under the bead of ' Kcclcsiistical Porcupines' ive have the fable of ' The Porcupine aud liis Friends,' selected from a volume re ?oinly published iu London :— ' ? Uuity is strength.' So began a message which tho porcupine scut to a beaver, a bare, and a rabbit in his neighborhood. ' Aiid uot Duly so, unity is warmth. The weather is bitterly cold. The wind is tolerably keen. Pray lot us meet and lie close together for our mutual comfort.' Tho message was rordially received. The beaver, the hare, aud the rabbit repaired to the appointed rendezvous. Tlic host was at hrst most agreeable, and begged his guests to lio as close to him as possible, for, as ho said ' My dear friends, we are reallyonefamily.' They were becoming very comfortable, Bud were doziug and dreaming in the most agreeable manner. Hut by-aud-by they became unplcasaully conscious that tbe porcupine had quills I At first they whispered ' Oh, it's ouly a troublesome dream bo lias !' Alas '. tbe porcupiuc, rc gardlf&s; of his ifutMs, bogail to bristle up his quills more formidably than ever. This boar. S!io led tho way, aud very soon all three were scampering ol]'. ' All,' groaued the iwreupine, ' this comes of associating with your inferiors !' Next day his tem|)cr was not at all improved hy receiving a letter to the efl'ect, ' Dear brother, we re. grot our allinnff is at an end. I3ut we assure you, the titutitvnt yttu ijvl yuur quill* uudir eumman.l, im- shall 1,1- Jelii/litetl 10 fraternize mth yuu.- ' Tim Tisuanun Catholic Hebild. —We have received (he siilh number of the Herald, published ou Saturday last. Its central columns arc in uiouruiug for the late Rev. Father Hintcrochor, auda con siderable portion of this number is taken up with particulars connected with the past career, tlealh, and burial 0! ihe zealous father. Tim Victouian Ploughmen. — The Victorian ploughmen— Messrs. Drallin, Harris, Prosscr, Treaoy, and Sandiluuds ^ascended Mount Wellington on Satur day. They started at 7 o'clock in the inoruiug, and arrived at. the summit at about noon- Soon after they started on the return journey, Harris fainted, and had to be carried across thu Ploughed Field to the cottage, where he soon re covered. Mr Harris was behind the others when he swooned, uud Mr Drafliu, hearing a strauge uoise, turned round, and saw him lying ou tbe ground- They all arrived al Luuiiccston, hy Page's coach ou Monday eveniug, and proceeded by tho s.s. Tamar lo Melbourne. Benson's Witches, Clocks, ind Gold Jerellebv— We have received lyr the li.M.S S. Daroda a packet of Mr J. W. Benson's splendidly illustrated catalogues of gold and silver watches, fourteen varieties of clocks, aud bracelets, brooches, buttons, caskets, chains, ohalcUuncs, collar studs, crosses, earrings, lockets, neck laces, pendants, pins, rings, sleeve lints, solitaires, studs, &c.; J. W. Benson, of 68 and 00 Ludgatc Hill, London, is watch maker to Her Majesty the Queen, to HUH. the Priuco of Wales, tbc lioyal Family of England, and II. H. the Maha rajah of Burdwan. Benson's is the largest stock of gold and silver watches and jewellery iu tho world. The Fiji CniEr Jdstice.— It docs not seem that the Chief Justice of his Fijian Majesty's dominions is to be al lowed to occupy a hod of roses. As an instalment of what may happen should lie go on serving om justice in Lcvuka, wo are informed that as his Honor was en tering tho British consulate with the Ministers, a man rushed at him armed with a revolver and a knife, and rudely laying a hand on his shoulder, ordered him ' back.' The .fudge, inquiring what was meant by this conduct, was imme diately assailed by tbc man, who, rushing with such rioleuee that the muzzle lace rated it. Tlic revolver missed fire, and the Judge escaped wilh his life, though he bled much from tho laceration of bis car. The Chief Justice thcew ll)c man back, when be seized bis rifle and was about to shoot, but was disarmed by llic Consul and Acting Chief Secretary, who, on the same occasion, hud 'a cocked re volver presented at his breast.' It is, however, satisfactory to learn that these nnd oilier outrages bare 'aroused the dormant, or ratlior errant, spirit of the community in fuvor of lav and order,' and tho more respectable citiaens of Lcvuka have intimated that they will not Ktarid by and see the administrators of justice overridden and insulted wfien doing their duty.— Queenslamler, Sept. MiLicioi's Mischief at ITcbabt Town.— On Friday night, the Mrarj says, some blackguards, whose highest sense of enjoyment seems to consist in perpetrating mischief, set themselves to destroy the trees recently planted by the Corporation along the Oastray Esplanade, and which, if left unmolested for a few years would, while adding to the beauty of the Bccrjcry, form an agreeable shade for thoso visitors and oitieens who delight in taking a stroll by the Ucrwent. Tho four upper trees were nulled about and almost uprooLcd, and tlic fencing which surrounded 'horn torn down, so that who ever the miscreants were they must have been occupied for a considerable time al their mischievous pastime, yet the police do not appear to have obtained any clue to tho detection of the vandals. - TnK Intbbcolomii Confbbenck.— Monday, 2nd ol December, has been fliod and agreed upon as tlio day for the moet ing of (ho delegates from the various colonial Governments at Sydney. joe™ o^m^zrzr^ Joorge Thomson. 57 „„, „? amod W,,,.» says, who I ved ln «f ?,RC' ''- ?ommilled suicide W 1. ? '''?'?''fwl, nllio «er«vnt 011 slitur |TS °'''lf l'\ir some lime naM ).„ 1 1 ^ tuoniinK i.y Dr. Crowthir. „„ f 1^' ^'^ illff i'mm meiitiii A,. ' us sUlIer ::^;:ou^,-i--,;5 tone, ana ahout ivenY mi.L- -i a Domain. Deceased had '„„ ,*„'',-« ld'tjratL,ufon'u,eC^y'S^ assistance of the police n.'.,'^ ^ KvHiinatUMiipUHf to commit J™ 'd ' Hollerive oil Saturday. About l/o'clock noun some Irlends lelt her washing Th0 .i»KoiiB';xrX'l«I4nWIui; head. She had made a wound on \' uipont iiuoitl un lucli uud n linir \n ? not sufficiently deep loseverl^ &- Dr.Croivtbor.jun'who war™uJTn ii'ived up the iiouud, and the noiuan i,in' a fair way to recovery. Age aud |,overtv probably led lo the alterant r ltKinTtrn oa EBHi Tight -Ti Victorian Assembly can jest, '1 ^ ferssziSiZ!' Tlmrsday last tho advantages of imwr,° ing a pipe foundry plant instead ofT'' ing into contracts will, F.nglisl, n™,s ,'„ the supply of easl-iroi, pipe, (,„ waterworks. To slrcngtlicn llic iiosi,™ taken up, the l,on. member made refcre ™ to the large quantity of ironstone to h. found m 'Tasmania, but in . pcjalll^ spirit he persistently s|wko of a „ ' bemmatitc.' Tho lion, raembcr's uro nuneialion, and tlio frequent use of tbe word, was so provocative of ridicule lual it was not surprising lo find tbe oppor lunity soiled upon to indulge in j i|tljt banter. One member desired lo know ' who Emma was f another askoi for ao explanation ' why Emma got tight,' but tbc climax was reached, when nn.:j^ shrieks of laughter, a voice, coming an parently from the Miuisterial cros,'. jenches, was beard to ask, ' trhellier linmi got tight with Woods.' What Woods was mcaulor why the name 01 Woods was mentioned, did uot appear ? but the House apparently saw a job of the very first order in tho allusion If. W. C. Smith was ut first nonplussed, and at a loss to understand tlic banter but ontoriug into Iho spirit of it be was caro. ful during the remainder of his obscrra, lions to avoid ally further disnlay of pedantry, and only once caught himself tripping wh-i referring to the largi quantities of '? hmma (be bogged |ur.lon| ' iron ore' with, which tlic tight liulo island is said lo abound. The Pbbiiieb ok Fiji AsnintPoLv. nesii CoMriNv.— The Hon. G. A. Woods, premier of Fiji, who Is untv in Sytl 1103- endeavouring to raise a loan of £5u.i)1Hi on tbc security of .1,0011.11011 iicres of Cru»n lands in Fiji, lias mrillen to tlie diroeUir.o( Ihc Polynesia Oiuipiny Iu MellKiunie, ,,,t. ing them lo endeavor to ncKuliaic the snip o£ the ».s. Victoria to the Fijian (iavvnunmt by Ihc Government of tin's mlnny.llic Kijiau Oovcrnnient to pay £5,000 of tlic purclinae money, the balance to be paid liy tlie Poly nesia Compony. This claim un tlie com pany, which is utterly repudialcd liy Ik' directors, is made an the ground tli:it ilic caispany's agreement with Cakohau incladid the promise of a small steamer, withnul which, It is alleged by Mr WonJs, the King would not liavc siBnod the cliaru-r. No mention is mode in the charter of uny such undertaking, and the eou-|iany reply 'that if such a promise was made by any of their agonU, il was upon the distinct understand ing that 0 sepemtc consideration was to be given, entirely apart from the 2'»i,i»«l acrrt of laud guaranteed the company, un their payment of tbe American .h-hi, which amounted to something over i'M.Orni Tim company bave declined to make any repre BCMiitioris to the Victorian Uosoinmciu In favor of the sale of the s.s. Victoria, and they have protested aciilnsl Mr Wool, mi' Ins; any loan upou the Cr.mn lands of Fiji until tho balance of Ihc lands guaranteed to Ihc company, and for which they have paid, have been handed uver by Cakobau. nn. rtniuiiT's Piiosrilonvsi:— MullituJci of people arc hopelessly suffering from de bility, nervous and liver complaints, di prcssion of spirits delusions, untunes* far Imsincsa or study, failure of hcarinc, sit-In, nnd uictuorVt lii9nitujL', want of nowur, &.c, tho new remedy I'liosjilioilync (Ozonic Uiy P«-in), whic'.i nt nnce ullays ull irritatigii auJ psdtciRpnt. imparts new c»erKv and life to the cuft fbtud constitution, itnd nqnilly cam every stupe of those hitherto incurablf auJ dim resting imila-]k'B. Sold by all i-lu-mi«» and storekeepers tlirougdoul tiic fi j fuiiie1-, from ivlioni pamphlets conUiiniug t---- timouiala nmy be obinincil. C3' Cau t ion. - Be particular to ask for I)r llhglitMW pUiHiyne as iuiilatioDs arc abroad. 