THE THEATRE ROYAL FIRE RELIEF FUND CRICKET MATCH. SATURDAY, 23RD MARGE. The promoters of the match between two elevens of the Theatre Royal, on the Melbourne ground, in their work-a-day costumes, had, it may be presumed, little thought of the great success which was to follow a happy idea happily carried out. Outside the ring was an enthusiastic crowd, convulsed with laughter one minute, and the next watching the phases of the match with breathless interest. And, stupid as the game may appear on paper, it had its phases of inteuse interest to every person who witnessed it, whether he was cricketer or whether he was muff. This was testified to by the ardent applause which was accorded to various stages of the game, which will be found duly recorded in their proper place. Inside were fifteen men, thirteen clad in the gay garb which wants distance or the footlights to give it its proper charm, and all of them acting fully up to their lights the parts they were for the nonce called on to sustain. The pavilion was turned for the nonce into a Richardson's booth. A visitor might faucy himself behind the scenes of a theatre, or among a company of strolling players. Such they were in fact. The actors took just the same pains in making up as they would have done had they been going on the stage. Sitting upon the edge of a deal table, and looking anxiously out of a window to see how the amphitheatre filled, was the manager, got up for Paul Pry, with the inevitable broadbrim and pigtail, and the green umbrella tucked, as by force of habit, under his arm. Dispersed about the greenroom might be seen the good humored " Asa boy ;" Rascal Jack, in a sky blue satin jacket; that cadaverous raven, the Apothecary ; the jolly tar, Long Tom Coffin; Rob Ray Macgregor in his tartan; the Wolf, a ferocious looking card in a broadbrimmed hat and flowing red cloak; snaky Mr. Michael Feeney ; the ghostly Pierrot, with his hanging sleeves ; and a number of others. The two little bunks of dressing-rooms are filled too. Here is a solemn gentleman disinterring from a trunk the spangled tights of Harlequin, with which he is about to invest himself; while a Party by the Name of Johnson is standing before a bit of looking-glass, with his face awry, and patting a fragment of whisker upon his cheek; the which being done, he claps on sideways a battered white hat, and draws back a step to contemplate the effect- a highly satisfactory one apparently. Before another scrap of looking-glass there is the Wolf back again, in order to give auother tinge of vermillion to his countenance, which he does by rubbing his finger in some red powder dropped on the floor for general convenience. The Clown of the Christmas pantomime is just ready, looking rather ghastly by daylight, but practising a grin to tbe full approval of Pantaloon, who is smoking a pipe. The bell rings, and all the motleys crowd to the door, out of which they file before the people, who cheer each favorite as he emerges. It was just like the stage in front of a fair booth, as Paul Pry stood in the centre, with Cassio, Lord Dundreary, Handy Andy, Captain Rolando, the Policeman, Launcelot Gobbo, Claude Melnotte, and all the rest around. The bell rang, the overture | was played, and amidst its strains out marched one of the elevens, followed by immense applause and laughter, to take the field. The only absentees were the darkies who were put down as the Blooming Morning Glories. Salamander Sam fell sick, and the other Glory was too modest to come without his mate. Substitutes were provided for them in the persons of Claude Melnotte and the Bobby. The players did look strange as they spread over the green in the sunshine. The game was, of course, marked by innumerable incidents, and the hanky-panky which was kept up proved highly amusing. The prompter's bell having rung, and the curtain having risen on the first act, we will give the cast of the eleven which first took the field. Firstly trooped from the pavilion, linked by tbe inseparable tie which binds tbem in the dark scene, clown (atr. G. Leopold), Harlequin (Mr. H. Leopold), and pantaloon (Mr. Sefton). They all have their war paint on, and even in the bright glancing sunlight make a very effective picture from the pavilion. There is the usual bit of business in front of the gate, and then Mike Feeney (Mr. Milne) with menacing scowl passes on to his place in the field ; follows next with martial tread, arms folded, and dressed well enough to take tbe prize at the next St. Andrew's show, Rob Roy (Mr. R. W. Lawrence). Linked together in bonds of amitv are A Party of the Name of Johnson (Greville), and Shakspeare's pallid-faced Apothecary (Mr. G. W. Collier), followed closely by rollicking, roaring Handy Andy (Mr. M. Forde), the rear being brought up by the orthodox Policeman X (Mr. Lester), with an evidently keen desire to take everybody in charge who is at all uproarious. In a line with him walk the truculent Wolf from The Flowers of the Forest, and soldierly Claude Melnotte (Mr. N. Douglass) a long time after his return from the wars. Gaunt Apothecary is the captain, and he gets his men in lines of so many deep, taking the ball himself, the holders of the bat being Launcelot Gobbo (Mr. J. Forde) and Long Tom (Mr. Rigby). Both of them are eager, anxious, and determined. The umpire gives the word to be off, and off it is with a vengeance. The two first men make a long—a remarkably long stand. They are together by the clock exactly three minutes; but what matters it ? Much to their own surprise they have scored nine, the Apothecary having bowled two straight balls (greatly to everybody's astonishment), he displaced two men of whom much was expected. Pierrot (Mr. Grist) come* along next, but despite his antics is soon dismissed ignominiously, Cassio having been his vis-a-vis, and showing that during his retirement in the Isle of Cyprus he picked up a few cricketing crumbs from Mont&no; and the mad dogs of that sort, despite the severe gash treacherous lago dealt his leg. There is a buzz of expectation as Pierrot gets his notice to quit, for emerging from the pavil ion is seen the familiar figure of our old, old friend Paul Pry (Mr. Coppin). " I hope I don't intrude," he cries, and poking his umbrella nearly into the umpire's eye. Being assured that he does not, he proceeds to deposit his umbrella on the bowler s crease, to survey the wickets with his eye-glass, and to take a severe guard with the wrong side of his bat. It being pointed out to Paul that the bowling is at,his end, he retires, with an asseveration*that he knew he was intruding;and Cassio hits the last ball of Handy Andy's over for one. Well, Cassio^ getting a run, made Paul gallop with fantastic strides to the other wickets, when he was; at once confronted by Handy's twinkling eye. " I've got yes my b'hoy." he says to himself, '' and shure I'll pay ye back for making the public laugh more than ivir oi could do." And got him he had, sure enough; gently through the air sped the ball, lighting at the very feet of the batsman about six inches to the leg. An unruly tuft of grass was in the way. Pry's bat was as straight as his umbrella, and an ominous sound was heard, which made him mutter," I thought I was intruding, after all;" aud, amidst regrets on all hands, Pry retired. That Rascal Jack (Mr. Dunn) now appears on the scene, and, of course, is hilariously greeted by the crowd. Jack means business, and despite the factof his being almost an octogenarian, shows a clean pair of heels between the wickets, and as Cassio is soon afterwards despatched by the Apothecary, Enoch Arden, The shipwrecked sailor waiting (or a sail, looking particularly fresh, and not a bit as if he had done a Rip Van Winklist twenty years outside the Catskifis, comes in with a flourish of bugles, and a predetermination to give the Mantuan dealer in deleterious drugs and the Irish water jug breaker a bit of his mind. He set about doing it in a most decided manner, hitting to the right and to the left in sucn vigorous style that the unfortunate Rascal was soon at bellows to mend, and shortly afterwards retired to the pavilion with a four to his name. About this time Pantaloon was discovered wandering wearily, with glazed eye fixed on the clock, to warns the pavilion, and it became evident, with his usual astuteness, that he desired to sneak off the ground for a drink. On the other side of the field Policeman X was ascertained to be making a nefarious attempt to get into conversation with a buxom cook of some thirtyfive summers. The stern voice of their captain recalled them to their respective duties, and, with a regretful look, the Pantaloon brushed a fly off his nose, heaved a deep sigh, and wept bitterly— having oncealed in his pocket a convenient onion. Meanwhile the Skimmer of the Seas was making the ball feel very sore about the seams, and testing Mike Feeney's power of vindictive endurance, his efforts being seconded by those of Pierrot (Mr. K. Douglass). Just as the runs were coming fast and thick, an incident happened which calls for record. The French clown hit a ball high up to short leg, which a Party by the Name of Johnson, with the astuteness which carried him safely through the dangers of the Lancashire Lass, essayed to catch with his hat. Let all cricketers take note of the fact. The hat was a stage hat, and of flimsy material. As a natural consequence, when tbe ball came down with a whack, and, like the invisible coin of Heller, passed through the roof oo to the ground, there was a great yell of laughter, and poor Johnson looked as if he could have eaten the whole field, Rob Roy and all. This worthy's stalwart limbs had been poised in picturesque attitude all through the match, just opposite the pavilion. There they remained—exposed to the full fury of the mild blast which blew from the northwest. Why should we dilate on this innings, except to tell how Clown and Pantaloon—the bowling being all the time quite up to the mark of what was expected—took a spell, and how the latter felled the timbers of Lord Dundreary (Mr. Stewart), who was made up as if he had just stepped from a band-box, and who iD an incongruous field looked as incongruous as any one in it. Unfortunately he forgot to bring his Brother Sam with him—otherwise if he had done so the result might have been different. As it was he only scored a unit. But he was not satisfied with this ; he positively went to expostulate with Joey, and could only be removed from the field, first by the expostulations and at last the peremptory commands, of Policeman X. The last representative of the team was the melancholy Rolando (Mr. Appleton), who, having foregone his conclusions with regard to women, has taken to cricket as a last resource. He is about as great as the rest in this direction—more power to him. For further particulars of this inningB see score. When the next lot were got together they scattered round the Merchant of Venice, as represented by Bassanio and Launcelot Gobbo. Paul Pry was placed at short leg, where he took up his position with that celebrated umbrella, ready to do or die. Lord Dundreary played nowhere in particular, and near tbe fence generally. The Shipwrecked Sailor was very happy at mid-on on one side, and at somewhere on the other—where, wereally could not define; as we have said, the rest scattered. The play was of the brilliant character expected from the winning team. Everybody was in the place where he wasn't wanted, aud everybody else was in everybody else's way. It was a glorious scene. Such a scene as the ghost of Pinch or Fuller must perforce have delighted in. Cricket here was played for the first time as it should bo played. Subjoined is the score :— EASSASIO'S BIDS. Lauucalot Qoboj, D The Apothecary .... 5 Long Tom Coffin, b The Apothecary .... 4 Randall li'Gregor, rua out 2 Bassanio, b Tae Apothecary 0 Paul Pry, b Handy Andy • O That Rascal Jack, b Htndy Andy 4 Kaoch rdea, b Handy Andy £4 Pierrot, run out 14 Lord Dundreary, b Pantaloon I Asa Trenchard, ruu out 12 Rolando, not out 6 Ko balls 3 TDK APOTHECARY'S SIDE. Olown, b Launcelot Oobbo Pantal'HM, b Lauaoelot Oobbo Harlequin, b Launcelot (J bbo Handy Andy, b Launcelot Oobbo 8 Clau l Melnotte, o and b Bassanio 2 A Party by tbe name ot Johnson, b LauneelotQoubo 1 Michael Feeney, ruu out O Policeman X, b Bassanie % The Wolf, not out 6 Bob Roy, b Bananis o Tae Apothecary, b Lord Dundreary .... 6 Byes, 8; no ball, 1 « M 