MAKING AN OMELETTE, [From the French of Gustave Droz.] The rain had been failing all day, and, tired out, had turned into the sort of mist that rises from the meadows at evening. We had just dined: baby, who had fallen asleep at dessert, had gone to bed, and we two, Louise and I, were standing at the open window, look ing out at the sky and humming to our selves. " Suppose we leave the ark, Father Noah ?" said my wife to me. " I see no rainbow, my dear." " So much the more reason for going out to look for it." She left me, and came back hooded, booted, and gloved. She took my arm with a g«od firm hold, leaning close up to me, as if we had just met after a long separation : " Oh, how glad I am to get out! Don't you feel how good the air is i I should like to go on walking, walking. Let us go ever so far: it is broad daylight still." And she merrily urged me on, making great strides to keep pace with me. We skirted the hedge, and, turning to the left, entered the wood. How we loved that dear wood! At tliat hour it was silent, damp, and dripping, like the beard of a sea-god.. The wet moss yielded to the foot like a saturated sponge, and a clear raindrop trembled to its fall on every leaf of the drooping branches. "You will be very wet, dearest," I said to Louise, stopping as 1 spoke. " Oh, no matter ; I have on my thick boots. Do let us go on." So we went on. I thanked my wife for her courage that evening, for nothing on earth is more beautiful than the forest after Tain, especially at sunset, when all is silence and peace. The wind has gone down, the weary rain has crept back to its clouds, the very birds are falling asleep and dreaming of dryness. To me there is a well-loved charm in feeling really alone, when there are only the two of us, and we arm in arm; in walking under the great green arches; in breathing the keen scent of the moist wood; in striking my stick against the massive oaks and. hearing the long, sonorous echo from the neighboring trees ; in stopping short at the cry of a breaking twig, at the sound of the drops pattering from leaf to leaf; in drawing in long breaths of the fresh rain-washed air ; in listening nidi my eyes (if I may use the expression) to the exquisite harmony of all these shy and subtil tones. The metaphor is so true that it has become trite, but I do not use it for the sake of stringing words together. On a fine day, when the sun is near setting, everything grows rosy and high colored, like the face of a handsome girl spinning over the fire. There is a warmth and a vividness of tone, boon Nature is thrilled and touched, and we feel that through the day she has had her share of love and pleasure and work. The forest is warm ; the foliage sparkles with dia monds and rubies and emeralds; and every now and then, on the mossy trunks, you catch a sudden startling gleam of gold. Then you have an orchestra with all its effects, a rich and brilliant harmony, like the unexpected sight of a royal treasure chest, like a cathedral where the loud trumpets burst out and a whole nation shonts Alleluia ! But en a gray day it is quite another thing: no* brightness then, no trumpets and drums : Nature goes to her bed that night with tearful eyes aud a marked desire to yawn. The violins, deadened that she may sleep, are at their lowest aud slowest: you can hardly hear their music. It is like a dream, but so sweet in its voice, so exquisite its harmony, that it is not an easy thing for the loitering lover of the music of the eye to decide which phase it prefers—the forest veiled in the gray mantle of twilight or the forest dazzling in its golden gleams of splendor. We were going along under a clump of birches when a gentle little wind passed over us, stirring the treetops, and they, with a sudden shake like a bird from its bath, sent down on us a shower of liquid diamonds. " Oh, heavens !" cried Louise, stopping dead short, "the horrid wind! I'am soaked." Her skirt fluttered in the wind, and I caught sight of two tiny boots firmly planted close together in the grass. " Perfectly soaked !" she repeated : " my hood was pushed back, and I have a deluge down my neck—a whole river." I brushed off the rain, readjusted her hood, and when she was comfortable again, she said with a smile, " You are very nice." I rather think I kissed her. And in high good humor we danced over the fern, she leaning on my arm; then, as we came into the sonorous silence of the high growth, she suddenly broke out, to the tune of the "Marseillaise," into a foolish little song of her own invention about a wicked husband who did not love his wife at all, at all, at all. She looked bo mischievous as she hurried on, singing and smiling and showing her pretty white teeth, that £ began to sing with her. We behaved like children; we knew it and we liked it—it is a good thing. All at once we came to a place which might have been a quagmire, a dried-up marsh, or a worked-out quarry—l don't know which; but the ground was up turned, the trees were destroyed, and gnarled roots looked angrily out from the briers. "Are you sure we shan't lose our way ?" said Louise, looking at me. " Oh no, dearest." " And if we are lost, what will that I poor little fellow, asleep in his cradle this minute, say to-morrow? Shall we go back ? Say, shall we go back ?" " But we are only twenty minutes from home, not more." " Yes, yes, travellers who are lost in the woods always think they are only twenty minutes from home. I don't like those ugly twisted trees; there must be crowds of animals living in those roots." She shuddered, and stooping forward to listen, said, " There, do you hear? Don't you hear those heavy blows ? Hush, hush—heavy, heavy blows. At this hour, in the forest, what can it be ? The sun is setting: shan't we go back V I listened and did indeed hear a dull j sound, the cause of which was easy to guess. C could have told her at once, j but I liked too well to see her as she stood, serious aud bent to listen, her lips parted and her eyes fixed on mine :it gave me too much pleasure to have her clinging to me in her fright, and in my egotism I answered, without moving a muscle, "It is strange, indeed. Ido hear heavy blows. Let us go see what it is :it can't be far." "Go there 2 Dear George, you are mad." She threw her arms round me, and raising herself to my ear, almost whispered, " I am frightened: come away, please—please come away." " What a little coward you are ! Didn't you recognise the sound—the wood cutters working in the clearing 1" " And you expect me to believe in your woodcutters ? What are they doing, pray ?" " They are cutting up oak logs to make staves for barrels : that's the whole of the mystery." " Are you quite sure V "Yes, dear." " Axe woodcutters good people ?" " Particularly these : I know them well. Let us go and see them: it won't take three minutes." She consented to follow me, lagging a little behind. In another minute or two we were in the most picturesque of spots. Before us were two or 'three cabins like wigwams on the shores of Lake Ontario, described in Cooper's novels, consisting of a pile of boards and trunks of trees, blackened, moss-grown, damp and dark, topped by a white chimney, whence a feather of blue smoke escaped into the green vault above us. Around this HiinMng of yourself, when you pat your head down and really think, then yon say, ' I am ungrateful, for I am happy and I give no thanks for it.' Or when we are alone together, and walking arm in arm, now at this very moment—not that I mean only this moment — I love you, dear love, I love you." She put her head down on my arm and pressed it earnestly. "Oh," she said, "if I were to lose you !" She spoke very low, aa if afraid. What had frightened herf-^the darkness and the forest, or her own words? She went on : "I have often j and often dreamed that I was Baying good-bye to you. You both cried, and 1 pressed you so close to my heart that there was only one of as. It was a night mare, you know, but I don't mind it, for it showed me that my life was in your lives, dear. What is that creaking noise? ' Didn't you see something just in front of us ?" I answered her by taking her in tny arms and folding her to my heart. We walked on, but it was impossible to go on talking. Every now and then she would stop and say, " Hash ! hark !; No, it is nothing." At last we saw ahead of us a little light, now visible, now hidden by a tree. It was the lamp set for us in the parlor. We crossed the stile and were at home. It was high time, for we were wet through. I brought a huge log, and when the fire had blazed up we sat down in the great chimney-place. The poor girl was shivering. I took off her boots and held her feet to the fire, screening them with my hands. J " Thanks, dear George, tlianlrg !" she : said, leaning on my shoulder and looking at me so tenderly that I felt almost ready to cry. I " What were you saying to me in that horrid wood, my darling ?" I asked her, when she was better. " You are thinking about that ? I was frightened, that is all, and when you axe frightened you see ghosts." " We will be woodcutters, shan't we T And kissing me with a laugh, she replied, "It is bed-time, man of the woods." I well remember that walk, lye it was our last Often and often since, at ana set on a dark day, I have been over the same ground: often and often I have stopped where she stood, and stooped and pulled aside the fern, seeking to find, poor fool that I am! the traces of her vanished footsteps. And I have often halted in the clearing under the birches which rained down on us, and there in the shadow I have tiutri^A I saw the flutter of her dress, I have thought I heard her startled note of fright. And on my way home at night at every step I have found a recollection of her in the distant barking and the breaking branches, as in the trembling of her hand on my arm, and the kiss which I gave her. Once I went into the wood-hot. I saw it all as before—the family, the smoky Ulterior, the little bench on which we aat —and I asked for something to drink, that I might see the glass her lips had touched. " The little lady who makes such good omelettes, she isn't ill, for sure ?" asked the old woman. Probably she saw the tears in my eyes, for she said no more, and I came away. And so it is that, except in my heart, where she lives and is, all that was my darling grows faint and dark and dim. It is the law of life, but it is a cruel law. Even my poor child is learning to forget, and when I say to him, most un willingly, " Baby dear, do you remember how your mother did this or that V he j answers, " Yes," but I see, alas ! that he ! too is ceasing to remember.— The Brood teat/. j 