CHAPTEE XXIV. SELFISH YHAKNINGS AND UNSELFISH LOVE. •What but pure accident could have brought David Sheldrake and Lily together on this day ? There was nothing singular in the meeting, and setting aside the presumption (as hitherto borne out by his actions) that Mr. Sheldrake was Alfred's friend, Hampton Court is open to all the world and his wife, and the chesnut-trees in Bushy Park had a wide renown. They are beautiful through all the year, in and out of blossom ; their leaves have shaded many thousands of loveis, and will do again; and the story that is as old as the hills has been whispered and acted over and over again to the noble branches that break the sunlight arid the moonlight fantastically. And what was there to prevent Mr. Sheldrake having an eye for the beautiful? It was to all appearance the most natural occurrence in the world, and Lily certainly had no suspicion that the meeting was prearranged. If it had been, where was the harm ? Alfred saw none, and if he had Well, if he had, it is difficult to determine how he would have acted. Men are to be found who are at once so selfish and so weak that they bring a moral blindness upon themselves. In the pursuit of their own selfish ends they are incapable of seeing in their actions a possible evil result to those whom they love. Their minds are mirrors reflecting from within, in which they, see nothing but themselves and their own troubles and desires. The holiday commenced roost happily, and lily's heart's hopes were as bright as the clouds above her. The day was an event in her life of even routine. She was as blithe as a bird. As she walked, she Mt as if she would like to dance, and as she could not do that, she hummed her favourite songs, and pressed Alfred's arm to her side, and showed her grateful spirit in a hundred little affectionate ways. Every little incident afforded her pleasure, and strangers looked admiringly at her bright face. When she and Alfred arrived at Hampton Court she was in the gayest of spirits. She chatted merrily on all sorts of subjects, and drank-in the goodness and the beauty of nature with a spirit of exceeding thankfulness. She was girl and woman in one. It would have done any person good to see her roaming about the grounds and gardens, admiring this and that as a child might have done. So childlike was she in her womanliness that every now and then she would set Alfred's remarks to favourite airs, and sing them again and again in a dozen different ways. Alfred thonght he had never seen her so completely happy as now, and he expressed his thought affectionately. "I am as happy as a bird," she said. "I don't think I ever felt happier in my life ; and I have you to thank for it, dear, and that makes me happier still." In this way did her affectionate nature pay exorbitant interest for Alfred's small outlay of kindness. As she pressed his arm to her breast, and held it there, Alfred thrilled with amazement at her goodness; he looked into her sparkling eyes, which were dewy with joy. "Do you know what, Lil?" " What dear?" " I am glad you are my sister." Her heart laughed as he said the words. "And glad that you love me Lil," he added. "What would life be without love, dear Alf?" She did not know (although she might have guessed, as she was aware that he had a heart-secret) what a tender chord her words touched. What would life be without love? Ah ! think of it, all, and believe that it is the richest dower woman can bring to man, the richest gift man can give to woman! Love, faith, and charity—all the rest is dross. Out from the branches flew a bird, and after it another. Lily's eyes followed them—up, up in the clouds, which seemed fit dwelling-place for the graceful things, until they were lost out of sight. But Lily did not miss them; for in the clouds she saw her hopes reflected. She was in harmony with the peacefulness and beauty of everything around and about her. Every blade that sprang from the earth, every leaf that thrilled to the whisper of the wind, every glint of light imprimed in the brown and green lattice-work of the trees, every bright bit of colour that dwelt in cloud and flower, contributed to her happiness. Such times as these are Forget-me-nots. So they strolled through the gardens, and into courtyards so still and quiet that they appeared scarcely to belong to the busy world. They went into the picture-gallery because Alfred said it was the proper thing to do, but a gloom fell upon Lily when she was in the rooms. They were sad and sombre, and there was something dispiriting in the manner in which the few persons who were at the Palace walked about and looked at the pictures. They walked with soft footfalls, and spoke with bated breath, and wore a solemn expression on their countenances, which seemed to say, "We are walking among the dead." One might not inaptly have imagined, indeed, that at night, when no profane footstep disturbed the silence, the Palace was a palace of ghosts and shades that rose from the floor, and started from frame and wainscot, to play their parts in the shadowy world to which they belonged. The excitement and pleasure of the day rendered Lily more than usually susceptible to outward influences. Every nerve in her was quiverihg witli susceptibility, and the contrast between the ghostly rooms and the bright landscape without sensibly affected her. She hurried Alfred through the rooms nervously, but the eyes of a Puritan, that glared at her sternly from the wall, arrested her attention and frightened her. The face was sunless ; even about the lips and eyes there was no trace of gentleness or sweetness. The cruelly haid lines in the face of this man spoke of severity, austerity, absolutism, and declared, "Life is bitter; it is a battle of brute forces, and he who wins by strength of character, by dogmatism, by harshness, achieves a moral victory, ancL proves himself worthy. There is but one course—bend all the forces of your will, all the power of your strength, to crush those whose ways are not your ways, whose belief is not your belief. There is not room for all; some have no business here. To be human is not to be humane." Lily's heart grew faint as she gazed at this stern face, and it was only by a strong effort that she wrested her attention from it. She v/as glad when she was out in the sunshine and among the flowers again, and her lightheadedness soon returned. Alfred's mood was more subdued. Lily did not notice when they started from home that his gaiety was forced, and that he seemed to be playing a part ; but it was so. His cheerfulness was only assumed. Notwithstanding the outward evidences of prosperity he displayed, he was in trouble again—in immediate trouble, that is; for, like a very numerous class, so long as his circumstances were easy for to-day, he was easy in his J mind. He rarely looked beyond; sufficient for the day was the good thereof. But tomorrow comes inevitably, and it came to Alfred, and brought trouble to his door. Nearly all his racing speculations had gone against him. The race for the Goodwood Cup, the winner of which he was so confident of having "spotted," as the phrase is, had proved disastrous to him. The acceptance for seventy-five pounds which he had given to Con Staveley would soon be due, and he had not the means to meet it. He had borrowed money of Mr. Sheldrake, and he had given that gentleman he did not know what documents as security—security of the frailest, as his friend took care to tell him. " It is a mere matter of form," Mr. Sheldrake had said; "for as you have no property and are worth nothing, these bills and I O U's are worth almost as much as waste paper. But I trust to your honour, Alf; I know you'll not let me in. But although I am partial to you, my boy, and like you, and all that, I am not sure that I would assist you if it were not for Lily's sake. If you were to push me to it, I should be bound to declare that it is for Lily I do this, and not for you. You don't mind my saying this, do you? It is because I like her, and want her to think well of me—not without deserving it, Alf; I think 1 deserve it; that I am disposed to stick to you. You'll have a slice of luck one day, my boy. That tip of yours for the Cup was a. bad one; but better luck next time, that's my motto. How much did you lose? O, that wasn't a great deal" (making light of what was a serious sum to Alfred); "you'll soon pull that up. Of course you'll be able to meet that little bill of Staveley's? If I didn't think it was all right, I wouldn't tell you what he said yesterday. He s wore that if the bill wasn't paid (what put it into his head that it. wouldn't be, puzzles me) he wouldn't hold me accountable, but would come down upon you, and press the money out of you. He's as hard as nails on some points, is . Con Staveley, and he's sore because I've been .let in by so many of my friends. He can't make out what makes me cotton to you so ; but then he hasn't seen Lily, has he, Alf? or he might alter his tune." (To be continued.} 