SUNDAY READING. Nature and Grace. (From " Thc Toncjue of Fire" bij Wm. Arthur, M. A.) DEEPER than thc judgment, deeper than tl feelings, lies the seat of human character, '.that M'iiich is the mystery of all beings and i ihiugs, in what we call their " Nature," withoi knowing where it lies, what it is, or how "wields its power. All we know is that it do 'exert a power over external circumstance bending them all in its own direction, or brea ing its instruments against what it cann* bend. The " natur» " of an acorn torus dew air, soils, and sunbeams to oak ; ' and thoug circumstances may destroy its power, they cai not divert it while it survives. It délies ma: beast, earth, and sky, to make it produce eli 'Cultivation may affect its quality, andtrainir its form ; but whether it shall produce oak, as' .or elm, is a matter into which no force fro; without can enter, a matter not of circun stances, but purely of nature. To turn natu: belongs to the Power which originally fixe nature. xn man feelings and intellect are related i nature, as in a plant tissues and juices ; the derive their character from nature, andmanlfes its bent, but are not Nature, though they ar the means by which it acts on the externi world, and is reacted upon by it. Nature doc not decide thc comparative excellence of chai acter in the different members of thc sam species; one oak may bc much stronger tha smother; one rose much SAveeter; one ma .much wiser or inore generous. The nature c .mun is essentially moral ; and when intellec shoots up to eminence, it depends on th moral nature whether it is a blessing or a curs to tho species, a joy or a trouble to thc indi vidual. According to the moral nature ar the intellectual powers directed ; and in ma; often wastefully often hurtfully; as to th great majority in ways far below their capa bility. It is the nature of fallen man to prefer pre sent pleasure to the prospect of eternal happi ness, the favour of the world to th favour of thc Almighty; to love him coif, and forget his Creator. In adult this nature is fortified by its own developments by habits and connexions which all tend in it own direction. When a man's nature in boy hood produce fruits of vice and trouble, whe: his advancing years have steadily answerc the impulse of the same nature, and Iiis pre sent asssciotions arc all based upon an aliena tion from heavenly ties; to bring him inti . immediate and permanent conformity with Divine ideal of life requires the ultimate powe of thcuniversc, tue Power which rules " natinc, and through nature circumstances. To say that mau is tho creature of cireuin stances, is as much as to say that he is destitut of a nature,- for where a nature is, there is i power,-a power of which circumstances ar often the mere effects, but are never tin masters. Let all the circumstances uncle: heaven conspire against the force of nature as embodied in a seed of thorn, and they can neve] defeat it ; all the gardeners, manures, heats and waterings possible would fail to make ii produce fir. Heap upon it every advantage which art and creation can give, and it wil steadily turn all to thorn, hopelessly incapable of risiug above its nature. Change your treatment, and endeavor to debase it, and the same superiority of nature to circumstances continues to manifest itself. You may starve it to death ; you may stunt or blight it ; but by no adversity will it degenerate to brier ; thorn in spite ot' allurements upward, thorn in spite of repúlaos downward : as it can never risc above, so it eau never sink below its nature. Circumstances are thc creatures of natures, not natures the creatures of circum stances. Human nature is said by many to bo good : if so, where have social evils come from ? Por human nature is the only moral nature in that corrupting thing called " society." Every evil example set before the child of to-day is the fruit of human natm-c. It has been planted on every possible field.-among the snows that never melt ; in temperate regions, and under the line ; in crowded cities, in lonely forests, in ancient seats of civilization, in new colonies; and in all these fields it has, without once failing, brought forth a crop of sins and troubles. This is absolute and inexpugnable proof that human nature, in thc aggregate, is a seed which produces sins and trouble. But a proof lies nearer the breast of each I man. When you meant to do wrong, and had made up your mind upon it, did any instinct within you tell you that you were unable and must seek supernatural help to cany out your intention ? Never. Ton felt that to go forward was not only easy, but almost irresistible,-was, in fact, yiclcliug to nature. When you hail made up your mind to overcome wrong inclina tions, and to clo right, did not an instinct as unfailing as that whereby an infant searches, for the breast of a mother teach you to seek help, inward help, help against yourself ? A decision to clo wrong finds you strong in your own strength ; a decision to eoncmer wrong and do right sends you to your knees, or makes you cry "God help me !" If that be so, you need consult no man's books no to what side your nature is inclined to. Man is tlie only being coming within our knowledge who has a nature that is plainly un natural. This language ts not parndoxiVnl for the sake of paradox, but for the salve of strictly describing a mournful fact. Is a nature natu ral whick can be changed without destroying identity P That of man can be changed, and not only leave his identity perfect, but restore the course of a higher and evidently au older nature than the one which had previously reigned. Isa nature natural which [urges to wards courses that blight and ruin ? There is not a beast of the field but may trust his nature and follow it. certain that it will lead him to the best of which he is capable. But as for us, our only invincible enemyis our nature; were it'sound, we could hold circum stances as lightly as Samson's withes ; but it is evermore betraying us. Often, when we honestly meant to be good and noble,_ our miserable nature, at the first favourable junc ture of circumstances, betrayed us again, and we found ourselves falling by our own hands, and bitterly felt that we were our own enemies. Heal us at tho heart, and then let the world come on ! we are ready for the conflict. Make us sound within, and we will stand in the evil day. We can defy circumstances and resist the devil, if only our own breast become not a hold of traitors ; if inclinations, silent, subtle, and strong as nature, do not arise to beguile us into captivity to evil. You tell us to withstand these inclinations, not to yield to our impulses, but to subject them to reason ; that is, not to follow nature which is inward and impulsive, but to be guided by external indexes which Observation notes, Reason interprets, and "Will may apply to the control of nature. That, in fact, is saying, " Do not live by your nature, but resist your nature." What a world of appalling truth comes in with that one admonition. My nature not a nature to live by ! Self-regard putting me on the watch against nature ! A nature, and that the highest nature in this terrestrial system, self-injurious ! This is not Thy handiwork, O Eternal Parent, Author of order, beauty, and love; Creator of natures, each of which is in unison with itself, and in harmony with all Thy other creatures ! What has happened since man first left Thy hand ? It was strange to see three thousand men (on the day of Pentecost), after one hear ing of a new and untried religion, accept it as their faith, and publicly enrol them selves as its disciples. It was especially strange, since the men at whose hands they, with docility, took the sacramental pledge of their conversion were men without repute, whom they had themselves previously despised. But it is not till after some weeks have elapsed that the highest wonder of this phenomenon breaks upon us. If human nature is liable to unaccountable illusions, and multitudes to ungovernable impulses, it may be that in a week or two we shall find those thousands of a thousand different views, as to what they had heard from Peter on the day of Pentecost, and as to the pardon and grace which he had professed to declare to them. But, as day by day we watch that throng, moral marvels come con tinually into view. What was so rare in human nature is now ordinary-a holy man. Persons who' were as common-place in character as can bc conceived, now live before us, saints. The vile have become noble, the churl self-denying, the bitter gentle, the sensual wonderfully pure. A community drawn from Jews of the ordi nary standard, from persons of every variety of character and of sinfulness, is a community so pure, so far beyond what human eyes ever have seen before, that it seems as a commence ment of heaven upon earth. Raised suddenly into saintship, they steadily maintain their moral elevation; inst astonishing and capt ivating those who look on, and then notwith standing all the opposition which prejudice and power eau bring to crush them, day after day, month after month, year after year, this nev/ and glorious life goes on. These men, lifted up from the ordinary level of sinners, coufciuue " stedfast in the Apostles' fellowship, and in breaking of bread and prayers." "filled | with the Holy Ghost," rich in faith, overflow ing with inward consolation ; not seeing their glorified Redeemer with the eye, but more than seeing with the heart,-feeling, ombvaeiug Him. thc3r "rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory." Their close prospect is immortality, their citizenship is in heaven, their wealth is where change can never reduce it, nor moth corrupt, nor tkicE steal. Happy upon earth, and inheritors of heaven, it is nought to them that all mankind frown upon them ; they know that they " arc of God. and the whole world lieth in wickedness." Their saintliness spreads its fame to the ends of the earth,-a fame that has never died until our day ; and even upon our homes and our hearts are nov,'- descending the mild and holy influences of the first com munity called into existence by the tongue of fire. Three thousand men permanently raised from death iu sin to a life of holiness ! Three thousand sinners converted into saints ! Three thousand new-made saints enabled day by day to walk in the fear of God, and iu the comfort of the Holy Ghost ! Three thousand of our brethren, weak, sinful by nature, open to the temptings of Satan even as we are. maintain ing a life in thc body which almost siu'pnsses belief, so is it marked with goodness and with purity ! This, of all the spectacles of Pentecost, is the one that speaks in deepest tones to the heart. On those three thousand wo ga xe, and our souls break out with adoration. Glory, honour, salvation !-for now the word " salva i ti.m" may be boldly uttered by human lips I salvation is come ; is come to the race of Adam. Here we see it, not in word, not in promise, " but in practical demonstration ; in human j beings redeemed ; in our nature recovered from sin, and that not in a solitary convert, not in one ardent youth, or in one exhausted I worldling, bat in hundreds and thousands of men with ordinary hearts, and wants, and employments, to whom human life ha3 become a fellowship with God, and a straight road to eternal joy. [To see the truth through which the Spirit of God produced in the minds of those three thousand people, the marvellous and blessed change described by Mr. Arthur in the above extracts, let the reader turn to the words of the Apostle Peter, in the second chapter of the Acts ; especially these-" Let all the house of Israel know assiiredly that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ. Repent and be baptized everyone of you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sins ; and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is to you and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shaU call."] 