VARIETIES. A lady in America sent her black servant to purchase some fresh fish. He went to a stall, and, taking up a fish, began to smell it. The fishmonger, observing him, and fearing the bystanders would see him, exclaimed, " Hello, yon black rascal! what do you smell my fish for?" "Me no smell your fish massa." " What are you doing then, sir ?" " Why me talk to him, massa." "And what did you say to him, eh?" "Why, me ask him what news at sea—dafs all, massa." "And what does he say to you ?" " He says he don't know; he has not been dere dese three wejks." The beadle of the parish of - not. a hundred miles from Arbroath, was le^dute an old book one day. On being accostedby* neighbor, he said:—"'Od, man, I was reaSn' a fine story oot o' that auld bible o" Sandy Beid's about a strong chield o' a man- ca?d Simpson!" A man was present at the funeral of .a neighbor of whom no good could be honestly sa l f- But everybody was saying something, and tbis man, not wishing to appear singular but being incapable of a lying eulogy, re^ marked that it was "a nioe, quiet, corpse.-'. A patient complained to his physician that - he was pursued by a ghost the night before as he was going home from tbe tavern' " What shape was it t" raked the doctor. "In the shape of an ass," replied the'man." "Go home," said the doctor, "and keep .sober You were tipsy last night and frightened by your own shadow." A Philadelphia paper "states thait there fea . man down east so tall that he is obliged to set up a ladder to put his hat on. Jonathan has hit upon a good method-of making people rise early in the morning. He gives them a little yeast the night before. • Men are frequently like tear—the - veal •strength and goodness is nrt .property drawn out of them till they have been for» ahdtt time in hot water. Why should a spider be a good correspondent P Because he drops a line by everv 3 post. * "I sitting on the style, Mary," aa the husband said when be sat on his wife's new bonnet. It is said that when a Bussian husband neglects to beat his wife for a month or two, she begins to be alarmed at his indifference. "My tongue will-govern multitudes," said a western statesman, "if it were not for one thing; and that is, I cannot govern- mv tongue." "Doctor, how can I expand my chest?"— constantly carrying a large heart, in In time the mulberry-tree becomes a silk gown—and a silk gown becomes a woman.- John," said a cruel father to his son whom he one day found shaving the down from his upper hp, " don't throw your shaving water out where there axe any barefooted boys, for if .you do, their feet may get 0 pricked." A negro woman was relating her experience to a gaping congregation of color, and among other things she said she had been in Heaven. One of the ladies of color asked her, " Sister did you see any black folks in Heaven?"— O, get out! you s'pose I go in de kitchen when I was dar!', This reminds as of the anecdote of a colored man, who was so convinced of the lowliness of his position, and that labor was his natural lot, that he was even • indifferent as to a future state, believing I hit " dey*il make nigger work eben if he go to hebben." A clergyman tried to argue him 1 out of this opinion, by representing that th™ eouid < not be the case, inasmuch as there was absolutely no work for him to do in Heaven. His answer was—" Oh. you g'way, maBsa; I know better. If dare's no work for culled folks up dare, dey"ii make some far'em, and if dare's nuffin better to do, dey'll make 'em sbub the clouds along. You can't fool dfa chile, massa. An animal's nose has human characteristics. Thus the monkey wears a pug, while the elephant carries & roamin* nose. The following is the way they call out figure of a "reel" in Georgiav Donee to the gal with the yellow shawl op, BOW down outside and up the middle; turn to yoiupartner, Isaac Smach, and and now to that entire stranger; sacbee to the right and left • ra, de tan, da du de; now to Peter Schwitch's daughter; turn to your partner every -one - set to the gal with a flaring frill-, balance one and spin about to the gal with the hole in the. heel of her stocking. A Frenchman who had bravely filled a place in the ranks during tbe war with Prutsia, recently sought employment from a welT known General of bis own nationality Tbe private soldier had been unfortunate enouah to have his nose carried away in action b/a bullet, and his appearance was so singular that, his late superior officer shouted-with laughter upon beholding him. " Where the deuce, my good fellow, <lid yon lose your a8kfl d - " l General," replied the private, " in tie same battle wnure you lost your bead." Thei-e is a man in New York so mean that be wishes his landlord to reduce the pricj of his board because he has had two of teeth. extracted. What age is most agreeable to a man just started in "business.? Patron-pge. It is not always he who has the most nose that knows the most. 