CHURCH OF ENGLAND. | DIOCESAN SYNOD. (From tho Mercury.) We continue the report or the Bishop's address at the opening or Synod on Tues day last. Irith Church.— To turn to tho Church in her work cliewhcre. Since we last met, we have watched wilh intense sym pathy tho progress or tho Irish Church iu ler critical process of self-organisation. Her course 1ms been fully worthy or her earlier history, directed as it has been, under the Providence of God, by wise and tioD,' drawn up at iior great ennvendon. runs in tlio name ot ' tlie Arclibifliopn and Dii..jopt- of this, the ancient and Aptttoiic Churcli of Ireland, together willi the representatives of the clergy and Uity.' The principal things declared on this very point arc so essential, so vital and so instructive to ourselves, isolated as we are at this end of the world ; in danger, if wo nro radi, of being drawn 'from our moorings by any wind of doc* trine,' without power of appeal at home, without aa yet a general provincial Synod in Australia, that I will venture to recite them lo this Synod. 1\. 'TheChim-h of IrolnnJ doOi, a* heretofore, uecvpt and iiufeigiiodly belie vn all llu' canonic,)! Scriptures of tin- OU and New TcKtnmonU.as given bv inspiru tionoCGod, aud containing all things necessary for Halvatinn ; und doth con tinue tn pruft-si llu; fuith of Christ ai pro ftwd by tlm primitive church.' 2.'Thi- Church of Ireland will continue, lo DiiniMtcr the doctrine, and nacramcnts, and the (lieipliMcofOhri.tOB tlie Lord hath commanded ; and will maintain inviolate the three orders of Bishops Priests or Presbrters, and Deacons 111 the socreil ministry.' a. ' The Church of Ireland, as a Jte'formed and 1'rotcslaut Church, doth hereby reaffirm its constant witness ttRaiust all those innovations in doctriuc and worship, whereby the primitive faith hath been Trom lime to time overlaid and defaced, aid srl ich at the Reformation thin Church disown aud reject.' 4. ' The Church of Ireland doth receive and ap prove' the Book of Common Prayer aud the Thirty-nine Articles ; and ' will con tinue to use Ihc Bamo, subject to such alterations only as mav bo made therein from time to lime by the Imvlul authority of the Church.' 6. ?? The Church Or Ireland will maintain communion with the sister Church of England, and with all other Christian Churches agreeing in the principles of this Declaration; and will set forward as far as in it Moth quietness, peace, and love, amonj; all Christian people.' C. 'The Church or Ireland, deriving its authority fro 31 Christ, whoi 9 the Head over all things to the Church, doth declare that a General Synod of the Church of Ireland, consisting of the Archbishopj and Bishops, and of renre senUilivesof the clergy and luily, shall have cbieflegislative power therein, and such administrative power as way be necessary for the Church, and consistent with it-s Episcopal constitution.' The Erst statute accordingly relates to the eiperienee of the Irish Church, directed at this crisis not by the crude or contra dictory opinions of uneducated or unstable men, but by the counsel* or experienced lawyers ami learned diviues, cannot but be oftho deepest interest to ourselves. Our own ' Constitution Act' proceeds from a pardonable, but now transparent fallacy. It is scarcely doubtful whether our very designation be not a misnomer, as ' members of ihc Church of Knp-nd that English churchmen, flnding them selves in a colony, may bo English church men still. They may employ an English ordained Presbyter or any number or l'resbylers lo minister to them, but when ever the appointment or a Bishop oc curred, though he receives his right or mission from tbo Archbishop of Canter bury, that body of English churchmen becomes a separate diocese. It is uot a part of the Province or Canterbury anv in- .re than that of York or of Dublin, ft may own allegiance to Ihc Archbishop of Canterbury, and bind itself to accept all the ordinances and judgments of the Church or England and all interpretations given by English Courts to its ordinances and judgments, but it can do so only by virtue or voluntary agreement. Thccoor dinauccH and judgments cannot beenjoined bv English ecclesiastical law. Had such mistakes. on the part or English Crown lawyers, been avoided, the Church in Aus tralia would doubtless, from the first, have followed a very different course from that which it has. A Provincial Synod would have been constituted, framing its own statutes for Ihc control of each diocese, as it sprang into existence, and thus the his tory of the Australian Church would have followed more closely, in its process of construction, the primilive precedent. It will require great wisdom and puliencc now lo disentangle the threads, and per. li,,|H the ehiuf difficulty will arise from jeaousy of interfering will, that diocesan independence which has been prema turely established. On Ibis point. Ihc Bishop of Newcastle reminds bis Svnod of tho following passage from Hooker, who bb)*s : -' Sucli number or churches (or dioceses) being though free within themselves, yet small-common confer, once beforehand might have eased llicm of much after trouble. Hut further con. sullation afterwards, (hough never so necessary, they could not easily now ad mit, without some fear of derogation from their ercJil, and, there ore, that wliich once they had done, thoy become for erer oTtor resolute to maintain.' I think that many of our statutes might be modified at'ler the model of tbe Irish Church with advantage. I do not doubt lhat that Church has benefited greatly bv our own colonial experience, and we shall do well to take advantage in turn from its matured counsels. We may, for example, learn much from their statutes ujiou the mode of electing their Hithops for vacant dioceses, aud their Prcshylcrs for vacant cures, as well as for the constitution of our Ecclesiastical Court, in all which particulars experience has shown some radical defects, It will be w 'II, I Uko tho aooMtan to say, that tho Synod should indicate moro precise'* the method which should ho Ukon forll.V election of representative members of a (Ii-neral Provincial Synod, which prohnbly will be summoned by the Metropolitan within a few months. The same mode ,.f election nrght also govern tho appoint ment to any vacancy, whenever it occurs, among the members of tlio Cathedral Chanter. The Church or Ireland, scparntBi} from her union with the Cliiireh of England by the Legislative Act of niscstahlishtpenl, has been wise enoifgh a.nd catholic enough to see her right position: She does not call herself; bho doos not consider herself ?? tho Church of England in Ireland,' but remembering her antiquity ami inde pendence, she claims for herself a separate existence, side by side, as a sister. The Australian Church, springing from the Church or England, and deriving her mission more directly from her, stands in iho relation of a daughter, and, like a daughter grown up to adult estate, aa soon as her appointmanls are complete, she must also claim for herself an inde. danf cristrnfie. The terra, of her com or w(tb. the Mother Clnirch need not, by any means. Imply a bondage to all her ordinances and cononE.Uutin common with thcjruh, tlio Scotch, and the American Episcopal Churches, % term., nwtoj;, E5 'lyplo ngcecmont to dtaidoby foundation truth, j of Apostolic doc and Apcntolio orders, which we havo rooclved from Apostolic times. Organic unity with tbo Mother Cliuroli may be more fully secured in two ways, which Wlist soon outage the attention of b General Australian Council, One course will be to require all future Bi«hops to taken double, oath of nbedu-n.oc «n oath to the Archbishop of Canterbury es well as to tho Metropolitan. The otter course will be to wquire each Bishop to take the single oath of obedioneo to the Uetropoli tan, while the Metropolitan on bit part may be tmolred to take the oath of obe dieneeto Qm Archbishop of Canterbury. My «m-rie»n were expressed ins reply to the Bishop of London, now the Arch bishop or Canterbury, and were expressed n Uie December No.of the Church AW Tbe wise course for a Colonial Church is to follow closely the rnlo of the Mother Church until the fuller organisation of a General Provincial Council shall havo had power given to it to control the un due independence of each diocese, and lo secure organic unity throughout the whole Australian Church. WiUiout such cheek, iui|K)Scd from tbo earliest age, a solitary diuccvo would be in danger of becoming nothing more lliiui a sect, con veniently perhaps free from thu conflict of opinions, but luihlo to stagnation in a ripple, but without breadth, or depth, or Mtidern Cmitrorenty.— Until, therefore, a General Provincial' Synod shall have had time to propound its canons for the future discipline oftho Australian Church let us exercise all Christian forbearance, allowing to each other the same liberty in disputed points which we claim for our selves. Uniformity is possible among lifeless pebble., but we, as living stones, must look, for unity, not uniformity. I am not aware that any change in tho mode of conducting divine service has occurred for years past, calculated tn ufleiid the congregation of worshippers. Certainly no expression of dissatisfaction or per sonal grievance, on the part of nny con gregation, or even any mcuiber of a con griyulion, has formally, or informally, reached me, and I earner! ly hope, how ever, that a ready obedience to the law will, as rar as possible, bu paid, wherever Hie law has bceu clearly and indisputably Laid down. Some men object to thu court of final appeal in England, upon the trusion into the province or tho Church, and it may he a question how far its judgments have legal efl'.wt here. I do not share the objection lo its constitution, inasmuch as its duty is limited to the in terpretation and not the promulgation of ecclesiastical law, although in common with most people, I am glad to know that the constitution or the Judicial Committee of Appeaj will soon be greatly amended. Pile decision in the cose, ' Sheppcrd v. Purcliox,' lias pronounced rertaiu novel ties illegal, aud whether or not such judgment can be enforced uptti the duughter churches, I atn prepared to u-e all my influence in repre-sing any effort to introduce them, were there aur disposition to do so. On the other hand, when the prohibition extends ro customs, which the good sense of English church men lias never restricted, then the maxim Mun i-r-i It'/fe will be accepted, and a large braruid charity will at length prevail. The second report of the lloyal Com missioners proposes that any three com municant parishioners might appeal against the introduction of novelties iu diriuc service to the Bishop, without tbe expense and other evils of a suit, the Binhop would be the natural judge how tuJines laudtihiUa, and bow for depar ture from them were expedient. A Bishop or all men should plea-f for Ihc greatest possible exercise or liberty, but he is bound by his office and by public opinion to restrain such liberty within the limits or the law or the customs of the church. 1 fin our own diocese there have been so few grounds of complaint, it should not bo forgotten that such infrequcney may be duo to the personal influence and private admouition or tho Bishop, by which he^can clorciso a fur more whole some effect than through the machinery of u law court. The one disavows, the other provokes opposition. Let us not forget that harmony is quite inconsistent with variety of sentiment. Great priu ciplcs indeed, such as those for which our forefathers Inid down their lives, must be protected by those in authority, but in all delails, other motives must have room to play. Established cuotom, di versity of taste nnd sentiment, prejudices of education, will ever appeal from the law of Ecclesiastical Courts to the higher law of Christian kindness. If any nt us. my brelhren, ever find adiflieiilly in tolerating the opinions of and are influenced by the same love of Christ as we are, let us bear in mind the Apostolic maxim, ' overcome oril with good.' Some divergencies must be ex pected in every Church and age. when zeal among the clergy, and so far they are, as well as the hot discussions that acco:npany them, hcaliliy signs. But I doubt whether any benefit comes from re ligious controversy nt Synodal meetin.'S. K-w have tho necessary patience, or logi cal power, to convince their rellow-men, and whatever fails lo do this, can but do mrm by exciting passion in our own breasts or the breasts or others. If duty calls upon us to stalo our opinions, let us honeetly state them, and leave them to tho force of truth and the Spirit's power. As it was in the days of the prophets and ortlin Baptist. God will bring gifted men to llie front, whenever lie sees the neces sities of His Church shall need them. In making these remarks in ihe in terests of toleration, I need not repeat lo you that with tho ultra-ritualistic move, nients at home, I have myself no sub stantial sympathy whatever. I'll belie my lift-long convictions, if 1 had. Had, indeed, that movoment confined itself to making more imminent tho duty of Uoly Lommunion, or upholding the dignity of the office by which ordained men, chosen of God as representatives of the people, present their sacrifices of praises and thanksgiving, or 'the ofler'ngwip lo Christ of the Gentiles.' so far iiiy sym pathy would have gone with it. There are lunclions attached lo our ministry and asserted in the Church's ofllce for the ordering of priests, too much lost sight of by some 1 but I see no trace of teaching in the Word of God, none In the writings or tho early Fathers, none m Iho formularies of our own Reformed Church, which invests our ministry with any strictly sacerdotal functions whatso ever, as though the sacrifices we offer were more than memorials of tho one Groat Sacrifice, ' once forever oflemd,' although it was se.cn br St. John ' as or a lamb newly slain.' Bui, though diner ing substantially from this extreme school ol churchmen, it wouJJ, bo unohuriuWe to deny (li.t iliry have »lto a favourable side, wl,io|, gjTOI |O ,|lpni t|1(Mr ^ power. We have promoted the order and decency of public worship in connec tion with the aesthetic revival or the age and the best instincts or men and Non conforniists hove acknowledged their oblication. They arc mcu to whose ex ample humanity is indebted for their seir. forgetting lalrours, and for the Christian courage wnl, which they have enrolled sisterhoods. 0/ charity, end sent them to face deadly disease, and to rainiterfom fort and solace to the sick and dvine For this Ihonour tbem.aud if any of tham have fallen int.. error or delusion., dero eatnig trom the iinchanEejib)e priesthood of Christ, uraolically, though not nro fossrdly, disputing that Scripture. 'lb,-re i« one mediator between God and man.' lx?t us trust not to judicial courts, nor bitter controversy but to earnest prayer and culm discussion; to tho power of ♦r^th; to tbo wise old maxim, Uiat 'what- ever u not of Qod will come to nouglt.' (4 Unroll are apt to run apace, but a hmni reconciliation is slow to follow. A child's hand may kindle a «anv-. bat a giant's cannot quench it. A« true ohurchmer, let u», aller (ho example of our martyred refojmora, n- back to those primitive days when wnind evangelical truth walked Bide by side with sound catholic, principles. From C craent of Home, mentioned bv ot. raui, ia St. Augustine, how dearly tho evangelic trumpet sound, forth the doctrine cJ the blejapTTriuity. the Mo™ toent the We of faith, and. tLwork of the Holy Spirit | Rom Ignatius to Ter tulhan.lW enually distinct tbo witness foi ?! 10 Apo.tohc institution of Kpheapacy ?nd the perpetual obligation of tte 8aora. tnenU as channels, of grace! Let us not Jiyany action ebow, or .ppear to .how, . iW* ??» fwlWeaa gulrdiln, oftheoe trulna. 'Tlie iecreu'^ writ*, a German J*Hena-ut, 'of the «rly pwruTo} Ohn.rianitywai tho admirsbleorganiM. tlon of «,„ primiu™ church.' Sut it, 2S'-, *»?«-» Chordx tolerated th. ' The Christians or St. Paul,' as Dotm Stanley has written, 'knew little of the Christians of St. John. There were within tho samo discipline thoso who kept holy-days and those who did not. There were brethren who participated at tho heathen festivals and brethren who made a conscience of refusing. And yet thoy walked by the same outer rule, and bowed to the same discipline.' I believe that no other Church on earth approaches so nearlv lo this slAndard as our own, and llml therein lies its strength. Anathemas for moral 'faults. ' If tlierobe.' adds the oi'us no'w'which'hThaJ1 tbo (i'mr of elements than nny other communion in tho world ; if its institutions and its forms of worship be such as of necessity to afford a refuge to thoso who shrink from rushing into either of the two ex tremes, between which Christendom is at Crcsont divided, then such a communion, owever far unlike in this or other res ]-cctn it may be to tbe Church or tbe 6th or 16th century, is at leaBt in this respect not wholly unlike to the Church of the Apostolic age.' I need not again remind you lhat there ever have hen find ever will be, two groat schools within the Church, and so long as neither outsteps its proper bounds, they may serve as useful checks to each other. that at home, iu spite or great excesses, which had distinguished some Churches before they wero condemned as unlawful, and in Bpite of defiant language expressed subsequently by a few excited men, there seems no disposition to push an advantage to an extremity, no threat of fresh prose cution so long as Iho novelties specially objected to were discontinued. Indeed, has ever proved to be simply impossible. If it was so even in Ilic days or Laud, it state or the Church at home, we should ever bear in mind that in seasons, when mutual forbearance has been disturbed, it is important to take into account the difficult position of a Bishop. If he is required, agaiust his judgment, to enforce a literal compliance with Ihe rubrics iu one direction, he must, for consis tency's sake, do so in another, and his difficulties are greatly increased when, in timosor excitement, he appeals, but often in vain, to reason and good feeling. So long as we all preach Christ and Him crucified, and from tho cross evolve the doctrines of human deprava ti 111. the atonement, justification by faith in His merits, the sauctif'ying influences of the Holy Spirit, and each fundamental evangelic truth ; so long as we abide by A|iostoljc order and discipline, we may well afford to exercise toleration iu mat ters of subordinate importance. And suffer me to odd that a greater evil still awaits us. A disputing clergy forfeits the confidence and respect of the educated laity. We have only to read our high-class periodicals to learn their views. They see outside gigantic evils making rapid headway ;,inside, the stan dard-bearers disputing, about what ? As to the best mode of resisting selfish greed, immorality, intemperance, and infidelity among the people ? The correction of sloth, indifference, or inconsistency among the ministers or religion ? No, but as to the meaning of a diffieult passage, or the posture of a priest. It is a pity that we lay ourselves open to the reflection that the principles of toleration should be bet ter undersiood by the laity than by our selves, and that their growth has always been more slow in religious than in secu lar matters. That we may know our right position, let us look out broadly into the world, and see how changed are the tac tics of the enemy, how subtle and deadly tho engines of attack. I ask you, are we 'the commissioned officers of Christ,' arming ourselves with suitable weapons for the onslaught ? We say that we take our stand upon the all sufficiency of tho Holy Scripture. But men are now asking us what is Holy Scripture, and when was it compiled ? ' You tell us,' they say, ' that St. Mark and St. Barnabus were both apostles, nephew and uncle in the flesh ; that both have left authentic works behind them, why is one canonical and the other not ?' Again, these enquirers ask, ' Why was the Epistle to the Hebrews admitted into the Holy Volume when its very author- ship is so much disputed?' And if from such questions, we take refuge to the authority of the Apostolic Church and the promise or a world-wide presence of Christ to guide us unto all truth, then we are asked, where are the limits of that promise, and where is the definition of in spiration to be found? These are ques tions which a few years ago, it were im- politic, to suggest, as tending to excite doubts in minds unprepared to admit them. But they are questions which the restlessness of the age will not allow us to escape. We have seen them during the past year openly agitated here, amongst ourselves. And supposing these questions, often put by honest enquirers to have been, as we think, sufficiently answered, look out again and tell me whether we are satisfied to sue the ad- vances or modern infidelity clad in still more hostile armour, unprepared to meet it? Among tho more educated classes, we may watch the growth of that specious form of infidelity called ' positivism ' which is the refuge of some minds driven from the distraction of speculative truths, the disputations of theology, un- til it accepts no creed beyond the known laws and phenomena of science, " Secu- larism, of which we hear so much, is but another and popular form of positivism.' It tells us that man's business is with the seculum, i.e., the life here below. That at least is certain ; all else is uncertain. We are told that tho Christian views of Pro- vidence, personal responsibility, much more the distinctive doctrines of Revela- tion, are antiquated and obstructive to the progress of society. Addresses are largely advertised in England and elsewhere, and published by men, who weekly lecture to crowds whom we fail to attract to our churches. I quote from Dr. Hessey's appeal to tho Christian Knowledge Society a specimen extract from the chief apostle of popular secu- larism. 'Nature acts with fearful uni- formity, stern as fate, absolute as tyranny merciless as death ; too vast to promise, too inexorable to propitiate ; it has no ear for prayer, no heart for sympathy, no arm to save. These are hopeless doctrines, as they themselves confess, but they are propagated with a terrible earnestness, Christ's faithful ones to be distracted by party feud, and antiquated animosities ? Let us rather learn to "judge ourselves, that we be not judged of the Lord' for the loss of His sheep, unwarned, let our watchword still be " ejae fratrea, pergamus simul," and live not only on terms of love among ourselves, but of respect for those who enrol themselves under other denom inations, as brethren in Christ. whose co operation we may yet need against the common foe. Let us try to see how this can he done, and that too without abetting the sin of schism, or sacrificing our loyalty to our own Church. Turniug onr eye inwards, do wo not see that every age has its own peculiar ten dency ? Can we not discern the sign of our own times? Can we dispasionately say that the tendency, on the whole, is toward sacerdotal despotism, which points to Rome and infallibility ? Is it not rather toward Geneva and spiritual anarchy, trampling down all fences which separate the historic Church of England from innumerable sections, many repre senting great though one-sided truths, others denying the atonement of our to keep Christian men apart, and would cling to those earlier ones of the undivided Church, which happily are witnesses to historic facts rather than scholastic sub- tleties. I mean tho Apostles' and tho Nicene Creed. German Catholicism— To stop short of Luc trut? principles of onrporulc union, nud lo dubstituic t'xpresMons of kindly rfgiird or occasional passion uf brotherly fel.owri.iip, would Iks largely to compromise oursclvesm relation to (lie great movement of liberal Catholicism in Germany. I hail with oatis fntitiim the adoption, on tlie part ol that na tiunal movement, of tbe very fundanieutal principle that underlies the KngHah ''»? tliu Irish and every oilier brane.li uf Ihe Anglo Saxon Church As 11 M-itnc.s Hgainsl the lto man doctrine uf development, it is asserted in lliitsecoildarticlc of tbt programme drawn np al Munictl, ' a dogma, to be valid, inutil be in accordance with Holy Writ and tbe eld traditions nf thc Church, such as they have been conveyed to us in the writing! of the recognise J Fathers and the decrees of tho Churcli (i.r , of ihc undivided Church).' In tlie third article of the same programme we read—' if these reforms are carried out, and the rood uf science, and progressive Christian culture is steadily pursued, we expect that the time will come when all understanding will bo effected nilb tlie various Protestant Churches as well as with the Episcopal Cliurdies nf England and America.' All thin pollution |Ki4iiible mid glorious filltin iu wliich the farvprcal Kngliah Churcli may. in the Providence of Go.l, luivr ret 10 sus tain a past, a future, which would lie ren dered much less uncertain, and much mure gloriuUH, if we liad not to lameut our inter im! divisions and outward sdlihiUK. An mem burs of a ltefurmud Church, we cannot but feel a deep interest in this Alt-cathulic move ment. We can cosily understand how the Hturdy independence of tlie German charac ter has risen in arms against the doctrine of tho personal independence of the Tone. In many point*, our Kyuijiathics, ns Eng lish ehui-elimcu, cannot but go wilh tho leaders uf that movement. We hold in common the supremacy of the inspired volume, and the presence of tlie Holy Spirit, as an inler|ireler. The Churcli. we hold! In be the witness und Ihc keeper of llnly Scrip ture, with which Christ's promise to be 'al- ways even lo the end,' not to the individual onlv, but ' where two or three arc mot together,' and surely, therefore, in thu councils of the yet undivided churcli Dr. Diillinger takes his staud ou history, hut by tbflt we mean an '* historical development of an infallible rule of faith in a living mil organised body, viz., the Church. ' We, too, believe in lilnuiry and also in tlip Church an a living and organised body for the indwell ing of the Spirit endowed with living func tions and reproductive powers. Hut wr know nothing of such an ' historical deve lopment, ' nor any other infallible rule of faith but the written word which is I lie light and lanteru of tbe Church. Dr. Dollinger rejects the authority of the last (Ecumeni cal Council, and makes his stand upon Trl dentine ground, but he must retrace his steps to tho Nicene Councils, before tbe Churrli was divided, or Homo had 'developed ' the Idea of becoming ' the mother and mistress uf Churches' all this he must do, if lie would claim a more perfect sympathy from the Anglican Church. Much allowance, however, must be made, and much prayer is needed on behalf of a movement in Germany where that grand scandal of the Reforma- tion, a sceptical Rationalism, created the re- actionary yearning after some historical de- velopment of an infallible guide of faith. In conclusion, allow me to express the hope that no words uttered in the warmth of. debate, calculated to Irritate or to wound will be allowed to bring discredit upon our Churcli or our Synodicul Institution For 10 centuries after Christ no questions were brought before the Synods for the purposes ol eaeerdcbatc.orfordivlsions intomajoritie) and minorities. The object was to obtain puuuc consent, ana to deliver aulhoritatirc utterance to measures already discussed and approved. The temper and the necessities of tbe age have changed all this, and the fiftli century need not necessarily furnish an cincl model to the IO1I1. Hut if subjects must I* discussed which excite controversy, let us at leasl rtiow ourselves worthy of tlio wurk which the asc has given to us, the object uf wluob should be the increase of mutual forbearance during the succeeding year, mutual respect, and more active and lovinc co-operation. Men who live detached from their fellow-men. and have learnt to love the truth which they have received through certain formulas, are naturally apt to identify the truth itself with their mode of stating it The object of Synodical meetings should tend lo counteract this narrowness of own private view's and intolerance of other men's. Let us bear in mind that we live in an age of shaken and unsettled opinions The discoveries of science and a speculative restlessness are the cause, which it is the office of the Church to control and direct not impugn or slight. If the Church, great as she has been in thc ages past, and great as she is still, shall ever lore her opportu nity, and therefore her power, it will arise from her own disunion and disorganisation. which will give an advantage to the forces of schism and unbelief, which no other power could furnish. Let us bear in mind the strict and solemn tribunal before which we all soon must nuiud. In tin, light which beams from thnt awful tribunal, h5w trivial will appear our transitory controversies npon profoundest mysteries, how puerile our ques tioins of ephemeral ceremonies ! How all im portant our faithfulness in bringing sinners to rr|«nlance and wandering proJigals lo. their fathers ; and nllr brotherly kln.lness one towards another I If we expect to livu 111 Heaven and to attain tn higher and ret higher degrees of lore llioro, let us avoid all bitterness and wrath, and fur this end, lei u« pray for IhcKift of tbc Holy Spirit It was when ihe (Irst ?? dlsdplos were filled with the Holy Ghost- liuu wltT-g^J power they gave witness of the nwiirnxtinii of the Lunl Josus, and the multitudes of them th:U believed were of one hum and of THIRD DAY. TllCBSnAY, S9T1I PEimi'AKY. U0MAM81SG HOOKS. The Hev.G. B. Smith said be did not In lend to proceed wilh the motion of which lie liad given notice, namely:— Thai this Hrnn.1 would deprecate th. use and circulation t tbis diocese, of books and traclH of a Roiian islng tendency, such nn ?? The Priesi's l'raver look,' and ?? An Altar lluok fur Vouns Rev. G. B. Smith moved, pursuant to notice that the Uistiop be i^uwled ,„ |£ on the tahlc all correspondence that nassS between his Lonlahl,™ I,U KxcXnoS 'he Governor, the crerctary of l'cnal Jistablfs menu, and the authorities al Port Ar.h, relative to the mode iu which JiSL ??«'£ bad been conducted iu the cliurch ihnn. .,7i also to tbc circulation of certain baST'-, 1 t'istihl!KevMfrlI?:mrd- me Irovcmor. He would, however mm what he knew of the matter. A Imlc l?l the prisoners made H statement to t»i» - ?„ nor-ln-Couneil Hut a certain croVs 1 J ! £ Jljccd on the holy taWo^nicTwaKbnT ous to Ills religious feelings- It ™,^ own otll witU a bible and prayer book ?- th* service It liappenei. CS^1'11™,' another of Ihe prisoner* tried ikr ' 'nt and memorialised the Govcrnr' ' 'V1' t-laUl Bishop) for his *Kr™o™J° m ('lc heard another word! AstJ %?'C& w' .,»'???«? Smith said he was obllmvi . his I^risbip for the explanation '^ '° aourca, is of opinion uit more cTr^i' '', sssssgss Synod. The c™bS«(, i,^1''''0™* of Messrs. Tarkton, «nd JuiUn Browne, ma tlui mover.'' The rev. gentleman expressed his wish to have some other machinery in ojwr ntjon for fnerciulng their resources, «'d sold hehopod action would be taken iu«Mn aa possible lie proposed to odd to the com mittee the names of Mr T. .6lephcns and (lie liev. A Wuyu. Archdeacon Davfoisiicooiidod the resolution, and expressed his intention lo go heartily into the design. Mr. J. Me U. Browne proposed to add tbo names of Messrs. Urecu and UampiOn of L«uiiccslon. The President unii] he wan pcnuiaaoa Uie mmt ot funds did mil aris: from iiidispoEi tion to subscribe, but the want of uiaeliluory. (Hear, bear.) The Dean objected to the multiplication of cominiUoes, and toid wlint wus required L'ould ba done by ttie Finance Committees and tiie Bishop and Die ArchOaani. He would rather dot hare life name on the eom llliCUH'. Rev. Mr. Golllbrond wished1 his nnme tote rcmorcd from the committee. Mr. Tsrleton agreed with the Oenn. Canon ilalcs wwi afraid It would be useless to place auy of the northern members nn flic committee. Various schemes had Ijeeii devised and efforts made, hut (nth f qii4s and advlochadfailod. He would be willing lo assist, but he should be gtad lu have his uouie taken off tlic committee. A lengthy discussion ensued, and llev. Canon Brombyrqiliea on the debate, and pointed out the necessity of moans being adopted to effect the object he had in view. He expressed the hopctunt those who wished lo withdraw from Che committee wonid lie perfiuaded -a (end their aid. The motion waB put and passed, Mr Gelllbrand'K name being left onl, and the names of Mr Kennerley, Mr Stephens, Mr Caniplon.and Mr Green being added. Rev. Canon HbJm, iiurtuaut to notice, moved that the new Lcdionary of the Church in ICugland be permissive In the diocese of TBtmanU, fo alloir clergymen to use it, or dm, if thev thought lit, as the net of tJio Parliament end the Queen did not reach Uils aiocese. After a discussion In which Canon Daven port, Dean Cox, and Mr It. P. Adams took part, 1'ne motion was passed In the following amended form:— 'That the nee of the new Leetionaryoftlie Church In England toe permitted in the diocese of Tasmania.*1 FOURTH DAY. Faioav, 1st Maecji, I87fi. Several notices of Motion were tabled. Mr C. Butler made a long and Important ex planation, In reply to Canon Bales, of the reasons why he bad declined, ai a Synod trustee, to sign the application for transfer of land belonging to Trinity Church, Loun ccston. A report was brought up by Uio Dean on the subjects mentioned In Uic memorial from the Temperance All ianoc last session. The report ivos ordered to be printed aM considered next afternoon. A serius of resolutions introduced by Canon Focsoim, having reference to the rules tar the exami nation and reception of candidate! fur holy orders, passed the Synod on a division by orders, being the first division by order* of llic session. Important resolutions for the promotion of union between lite Protestant Churches* were unanimously passed, on the inoMonoftlicBor.t.GelliljnindT A Select Couuulttcc was appointed to cxauiiuc Into the Church statistics as records Maoguario 1'laiiig. The Select Committee's report on lay members of Hie Cathedral Chapter was considered and IU recoinnicudations iulo|-u»L with sundry alterations. The Ontln-dntJ Chapter Is tote enlarged toy the addition ot six lay members, three of wlioui shall he the churchwardens for the lime being ol tit. David's Church, and the other Uirct w tie elected from the lay representatives of Uio Synod. The report also contained rueom mcndatlons for filling up vacancies iu Uic Ciutptcr, which In a modified form were adopted by the Synod. Till CATnEDBAL CHUTES. The Bishop, referring to tbo resolutions arrived at with regard to the Cathedral Chapter, said It ivaa the proctiocin tlie other colonies for tho Bishop ia be a member and president of the Cathedral Chapter, and he thought the Synod should hare taken the subject into its contiidcralinn as to vhcthor be should bo ea or not. There were now but few members present, and for the present he would withhold his sanction to ths reso lutions at which they had arrived till such time as the Synod hud an opportunity afforded it of considering the matter. He drewattenlimitBit because such was the else ia Uic other caloulee, and he thought it only right that the Bishop «hou!d have a recog nised position in his Cathedral ampler. He would afterwards give his sanction to the resolutions whether the Synod elected him a member or not, but he would be wanting fn his duty to any subsequent Bishop were he not to briug the matter under tbcfr notice. JlrJustfu Drowne explained that the com mitu.'e appointed by Uic 6ynod had taken the matter into consideration and would have reoommenjed his Lordship's appoint ment,bnt they felt that to do so would have been travelling out of the instructions given them when appointed by the Synod. He wn», however, prepared to give notice of motion that but Lordship be elected a member and president of tho Cathedral Chapter. 