THE PROPOSED CREATION OF CARDINALS. The process of creating Cardinals' is almost as singular as their position when created. They pass, so to speak, through a chrysalis and an unfledged stage of existence — if such a confusion of metaphors may he allowed — before the fully developed butterfly displays its painted wings. First, there are the Cardinals in petto, who are eventually destined by the Pope to that high dignity, though no one but himself need know- anything of the fact. It was usual at one period for the Pope to mention their names in secret Consistory, as was done by Martin V. ; hut this imperfect promulgation did not entitle them to act as Cardinals. Then the practice was adopted of simply intimating in Consistory the number, hut not the names, of the persons designated for the purple, which had no other effect than to limit the range of the Pope's power of creation, as these unknown members were held to belong to the Sacred College. A custom has since sprung up of the Pope's writing out in sealed packets the names of Cardinals promoted in petto, for the guidance of his successor, ' who, however, is not hound to carry out his wishes in the case of his death, and does not invariably do so. Pius IX. has the discredit of supplying the first example of a Pope annulling his own in petto nomination, and that, too, after it had heeh for mally intimated by letter to the nominee, who was, moreover, by far the most distinguished Italian ecclesiastic of the present century — lios- liini. The future Cardinal, after receiving notice to make preparations for his public reception, found himself summarily rejected, but his latest work, published by the express direction of the Pope, placed on the Index. (So much for the chrysalis or in petto stage of development, from which a freshly named Cardinal emerges into what was formerly a kind of noviciate, during which he is called a Cardinal cum ore clauso, invested with the dignity hut debarred from all active exercise of office, until the Pope has solemnly "opened liis mouth." Eugenius IV. declared Cardinals in this state incapable of voting iu Consistory; but the restriction was removed by Pius IV. a century later, aiid accordingly Gregory XV. has ruled that every promulgated Cardinal — as distinguished from those in petto— -has the inalienable right of the franchise. . Seven Cardinals "with closed mouths " voted in the election of Clement X. in 1070, one of them being Clement himself. But in recent times this latter-distinction, has become a mere formality, though it still exists in theory, and might at any moment he revived, the clos ing and- unsealing of a new Cardinal's mouth being accomplished in the same Consistory. On the other hand, a Cardinal's right of franchise in Papal elections once acquired is so strictly " inalienable, " to use the term of Gregory XV., that no sus|iension, interdict, or excommunica tion can deprive him of it. This strange regula tion was introduced by a Bull of Clement V. as a security against the passion or caprice of partisan Popes like Boniface VIII., who degraded the two Colomia Cardinals from their rank. Cardinal Soderini, who had been degraded and imprisoned for conspiracy by Adrian VI. , was actually let out of prison, iu spite of the dying injunctions of the Pope, to vote in the election of his successor, and said the Mass of the Holy Ghost at the opening of the Conclave. A still more notorious case occurred in 1740, when Cardinal Coseia, who had been imprisoned for the most scandalous crimes, was taken out of the Castle of St. Angelo to vote in Conclave. This precedent has never since been reversed. Pius IX., indeed, affected by a Brief in 1867 to deprive the late Cardinal Andrea of all "active and passive voice " iu Papal elections ; hut the Cardinal's death, under sufficiently susupieious circumstances, two years later, makes it impos-1 sible to say whether the validity of this unpre cedented and illegal stretch of authority would have heeu admitted had he survived the Pope. It is obvious that a rank and title so exclu sively connected with the Papal Court as dis tinguished from the Church must he materially affected, if not eventually superseded, by the loss of the temporal sovereignty. For centuries four-fifths at least of the Cardinals have always been Italians, as was only natural when they formed the Senate of an Italian prince, and the constituency that was to elect his successor, and from whom practically — for there is no canonical restriction on their choice— that successor was to he chosen. On the contrary, nothing can he more unreasonable than that a body which is to form the ordinary Council of the chief pastor of the Universal Church, and from whose ranks he is to be elected, should represent any one par ticular country or natiouality. If it is necessary that the Sovereign of Rome should be a Roman, any local restriction is singularly out of place in choosing the spiritual Father of Christendom.' Pius IX. has already lived to fill up almost the whole Sacred College twice over. We shall watch with some curiosity liis next .hatch of Cardinals, if the twenty places now vacant, and which he can hardly have an opportunity of lillimr more than once again, are indeed about to he supplied. - —Saturday lleoicw. 