THE STORY-TELLER QUARTER-DAY; OR, LOVE AND DUTY. (From the London Journal.) CHAPTER I. Reader! Did you ever tremble at the approach of quarter-day ? Probably not. You are young, and fair, and happy. All the claims that quarter- day brings along with it are not for you. All the changes it effects are for you sources of amusement or satisfac tion. In your immediate neighbourhood what unusual Smstle ! In the various vans, what heterogeneous piles ? Even handsome furniture produces no effect Under all the disadvantages of moving • and inferior goods and chattels, that wo man s tasteful aixangement had rendered ornamental as well as useful, look quite beggarly in the furniture cart or van. But let us suppose that quarter-day makes you yourself the hero of the " mov ing tale." From one handsome abode you are going to a still handsomer, or perhaps migrating from a mere love of change. But, alas for those to whom change is a necessity a stem necessity through be ing unprepared for quarter-day. A change from a comfortable home to the work house. Quarter-day to persons in diffi culties is fraiighi with horrors. Its very approach is a source of terror. How every resource is taxed in the vain hope of making up the rent; and woe to him who has an inexorable landlord. ****** " Fanny," said poor old Mrs. Onslow, to her daughter, 4 (there's no good mine ing matters. To-morrow fortnight is quarter-day, and we're not ready with the rent. Since your poor father died, 1 ve been cheated right and left, and 1 only wish when I became a widow Fd settled everything, and given up the house." , Fanny tried to comfort her mother; but all she could suggest was an attempt to borrow the requisite sum. ' Borrow, child ! Who ever lends to the poor t The only one that has the will has not. the wry. Our good minister, Mr. Aubrey, out of respect for your fa ther s memory, might have done some thing ; but he's had great losses himself recently, so there's no hope in that quar 1t.er; 1 teU you what, Fanny, it's my be t?i made it a particular request, JVLr. Stokes ivould give us time. At church he hardly took his eyes off you, and the two Miss Pratts w ere as jealous as could be because ho walked home with you. He s a man who likes all he can got, small shame to Jum, if any. So I'll take him a couple of chickens, and you some butter of your own churning, and we U call on him to-morrow, just after dinner. He'll be more good natured then than if we found him fasting. But mercy on us, there he is at the gate !" Fanny turned pale. Mr. Stokes, her mother s landlord, had spent a few- even ings with her at a friend's, and had shown her marked, but most unwelcome atten tions. She guessed liis errand. " You must receive him, mother," said Fanny. "I could not show myself in this old dress." iiNoi,„°f co irse like to look well. 111 go and find out what he wants. He can't have come for the rent yet." Mr. Stokes only paid a short visit, and 7 !JnnJ. "oped she might have been mis taken in its object; but soon the joy and exultation visible on her mother's coun tenance convinced her tliat her fears had been well founded. Mr. Stokes, the dreaded landlord, bad proposed for her. ^ o fear of his being hard upon me now, Fanny," said Mrs. Onslow. "Oh what a lucky girl you are ! We shall be the envy of all the neighbourhood ; and I am sure, Fanny, Mr. Stokes, though he is rather short and stoutisli, is a very nice-looking man when he's all in his Sunday best. And he can offer you such a nice house, and he says lie'll keep a shall have your pianoforte to play upon. I only hope you have not forgotten all your tunes. It's more than a year since we had to part with our instrument. It will do my heart good to see you at the piano." Ah, but it won't mine," answered Fanny, " if it's Sir. Stokes's piano I sit down to. It will be the death of me if I have to break my word with poor Fred Benson.' " Then what's to become of us ? I shall have all my things seized for rent. What a miserable creature lam! I onlv wish I'd remained a single woman. I had plenty to keep me, and like a lady *oo ; but your father over-persuaded me if*1 And poor Mrs!'6nsrcrir4r£g2n to cry. The tears of an elderly person lire'iil-1 ways affecting ; doubly so if sited by a parent. " There, mother, leave off crying, " said Fanny. " We've got some time before us at any rate, and we may bo able to sell the hay. Perhaps it will bring in enough to pay the rent." " Oli, don't count upon that. As sure as my bay's cut, down come pelting showers, and already the weather looks stormy." '' Let us hope for the best. Providence may be merciful to us in this our extreme need," answered Fanny; "but rather than let you have your furniture seized for your quarter's rent, I'll accept Mr. Stokes. But, then, poor Frederick' " And now it was Fanny's turn to weep, and hers were angnisli-prompted tears, that seemed to he pressed out of her verv heart. " There, then, let us be ruined," said Mrs. Onslow, whose distress was not un mixed with ill-temper. "I am old, so whatever I have' to bear it can't last long." " Don't talk in that way, mother, v Hav'n't I told you I'll accept Mr. ' Stokes's hateful proposals, rather than let than let tilings come to the worst 1 j But I cannot see him for a few days. ! Ycju must leave me to myself for awhile ; J and you know we may yet have a letter ' from Frederick. He may have been for- i tunate at the diggings; and if so, he would not rest until he made us shares in liis good luck." But Mrs. Onslow would not lend an eat to this suggestion. <" One bird in the hand's worth two in thfe bush," said she, with a smile ; " and now that there is a chance of some good I can go about my usual occupations." ' chapteb II. Fanny did not, like modern heroines, retire to lier own apartment. She shared her mother's bedroom, and there she could not reckon on being alone for half an hour. What could she do ? She deter mined to escape from home for a little while, and go and pray and weep at her much-loved father's grave. She soon began to repent of the promise she had given her mother. "For," thought she, "even if Mr. Stokes proved inexorable, and put in a f- bix.cor, ne would only dare take tl® value ' of the qujirtcr's rent; and I'm Burs'in the sitting-mom alone there's enough for that. Tx-ue, sifter such a disgrace, we could not remain in this house. But would not that be far better than that I should break my heart by giving up dear Fred Benson, and, perhaps, his life into ! the bargain 1" And Fanny determined, under no cir cumstances, to accept Mi'. Stokes. But, then, if the shock of the cruel landlord's proceeding to extremities should drive her mother to desperation—perhaps to suicide ? Mrs. Onslow had often said she would rather make away with herself than see her things carried off by bailiffs. As the good lady was very much afraid of death, and very impatient of pain, this was only an idle tlireat ; but it filled poor Fauny with anguishing fear. What if, owing to her refusing Stokes, her mother were to throw herself into the river 1 She would then be her mother's murderess; and Fanny wept bitterly. She had turned into the lane that led to the churchyard, when she caught sight of Mr. Aubrey, the village parson. She could not avoid him, and soon he came up and Bpoke to her kindly, and elicited the cause of lier grief. How sincerely did the good man regret that it was not j in his power to offer substantial help. He tried all he could to comfort poor Fanny, and promised that any influence he possessed should be used to induce Mr. Stokes to be lenient. After leaving, Fanny visited one of his parishioners in the village, and oil leaving the cottage -whom should she meet but Mr. Stokes himself. Quarter-day, the source of such grief and terror to many, was a pleasant pros pect for Mr. Stokes. He had a good deal of property in small tenements, so a sum of moxxey ,was coining in the sliape of the quarterly rent, and where that was not ready even mctj^e than the equivalent would be his in the seizure of goods, to which ho always had recourse without delay. So Mr. Stokes looked particularly happy as quarter-day drew nigh. Another source of satisfaction was his probable union with Fanny, whose beauty had inspired him with as much love as his sordid nature was capable of feeling. Mr. Stokes, though a very hard man, aimed at being considered a liiglily re spectable one. He was rather proud of the acquaintance of the clergyman of the place, and when Mr. Aubrey greeted him cordially, and invited him to tea, his good spirits rose to positive hilarity. At the vicarage he tried to make him self very agreeable to Mrs. Aubrey, and to talk fine as he called it. Then he lis tened to the vicar's opinion of new books and new authors. " But, after alL," said Mr. Aubrey, with enthusiasm, "none ever approached the immortal Will, our glorious Shakespeare 1 What can be named in the same day with his apostrophe to mercy ? Well may we all exclaim, ' It is twice blessed!' Oh, Mr. Stokes, you, as a landlord, how often you have your fellow- creatures at your mercy! How many blessings may you draw down on yourself by showing on all occasions that indulgent forbearance which soouei- or later we are all certain to need ! " I don't understand you, Mr. Aubrey," answered Stokes. "I believe I'm merciful as my neighbours, but I've no idea of being cheated out of what is due to me. But from what you say, I cannot help thixiking you mean something about my tenant, Mrs. Onslow. It's my belief I shall soon have her at my mercy, and you need not fear my being hard upon her if she does her duty. But I am man, sir, that will have my penny's worth for my penny. She must teach her pretty daughter her duty ; not a difficult one either, to accept a thriving gentle man, in the prime of life, who is willmg to put her at the head of a good home, and keep a one-liorse shay for her." " But, surely, Mr. Stokes," said Aubrey, "you would not have a mother exert parental authority in what relates to the affections ?" "You may have great merit, Mr. Stokes," interposed Mrs. Aubrey, "and yet not be to Fanny Onslow's taste." Thin was an unlucky observation. Mr. Stokes was a very vain man, and it touched liim on a sensitive point. " Miss Fanny is not like the other misses of the neighbourhood, then, I can tell you that, ma'am," answered Stokes. " There are the Miss Pratts, and the Miss Stubbs, and the MiBs Collins, all ready to jump at me, though I say it, who, per haps, shouldn't say it," and Stokes's face reddened with self- conceit, and his little black eyes sparkled with spite. " But I think I know how to improve Miss Fanny's taste. And now, as I see a storm is brewing, and as I shall be glad to get back, to my -owii haurlHomo villa, with a dry I wish you, ma'am, and you, rev. sir, a very'good «waung." chapter in. ^2^?} After taking leave of her kind fnentta and counsellor, Fanny reached the churchyard, and kneeling beside her father's grave, she implored help from on high to guide her through her labyrinth of trials and sorrows. While praying earnestly, she remained unconscious of the approaching storm ; and when the rainheganto fall heavily, her first-thoughts were for her poor mother—the hay bar vest! Alas'. alas! a few hours of such pelt ing rain, and Mrs. OiibIow's hay would be unsaleable. Fanny'sgarments were nearly drenched; but she was too much agitated to endure i the prospect of an immediate return to her mother's roof. So she took shelter in the church porch, and there gave full vent to her grief. " Fred, dear Fred," exclaimed she, 1 must resign you for ever ! It seems to be heaven's decree ; and if to save my mother I marry another; then I shall dread your return as much as I have hitherto longed for it." This thought was so torturing to poor Fanny that she was positively convulsed with grief. The day had been one of most painful excitement. She was com pletely overwrought. There was a reac tion. Fanny had sunk down, half-ex hausted, on the worm-eaten bench beneath the porch. In the contemplation of her misery, the rolling thunder and the flash ing lightning liad hardly affected her, and soon some relief was afforded by a kind of unconsciousness that savoured more of stupor than healthy sleep. Yet even m this slumber the image of her lover was still present to her imagination ; and when the rain, penetrating through some ere- j vices of the ancient porch, roused her | from her state of semi-insensibility, she j awoke, uttering Fred's name. | She shuddered as she became gradually j aware of her actual position. In the re- j gions of the dead, she was the only living creature. " And while ghosts are flitting around me," thought she, "the storm is burst ing over my head; and my poor mother —how frightened she must be at my pro longed absence ! Oh, Frederick, Frede rick, would that I had your arm to guide me on my way home !" An increased throbbing of the heart proved that, horrible as was her position, it might be worse still. The sound of footsteps and the voices of men reached her ear, and there she sat, alone and un protected, in the church porch, and at the hour of midnight. Then came the thought of fierce smugglers from an adjacent sea port—of body-snatchers—and, still worse, of the drunken and profligate, who would not allow of her departing unmolested. Oh, if she could but sink into the earth, and sleep with the dead beneath hei feet ' The footsteps become more distinct; a voice is in lier ear. She utters a pierc ing shriek, for her hand is grasped and covered with kisses ; but in another mo ment lier anguish is changed to rapture, ■for by a flash of lightning Fanny disco vers that it is her Frederick who presses her to his heart, and bids her fear no tliing, for he is there to protect her. " Success has crowned my efforts, my beloved one," said Frederick ; " but I and my companion in exile have reached our native isle, about ten days before our treasure, for we shortened our journey by performing part of it overland." Frederick and his comrade saw Fanny safely to her mother's door. " Do not mention my return till I-come to claim you," said the lover, at parting. Mrs. Onslow made sure Fanny had been invited tea by the vicar, so she had not been much alarmed. Still she was delighted to see her daughter safe back, for the storm had been so frightful all feared for the loved and the absent. There was such an expression of hap piness on Fanny's lovely face that Mrs. Onslow made sure she had changed her mind about Mr. Stokes, and began to re joice in making so good a match. This was all the more fortunate as the hay was totally spoilt, and thus the last hope of having the rent ready by quarter-day had vanished; but after the good turn things had taken Mrs. Onslow did not distress herself. In the mean time a little business had taken Mr. Stokes to a neighbouring town, and lie did not return till midsummer even. In a bran-new suit, his short black hair curled, himself scented with bergamot, and shining with a good deal of jewellery, Mr. Stokes, thinking himself quite irresistible, came to Mrs. Onslow's to delight Fanny by making a regular proposal in person. Fanny's mother was present at the aus fricious moment. What were the old ady's feelings when she heard Mr. Stokes —her. rich, powerful landlord—calmly but politely rejected by her daughter 1 Stokes was for a time speechless. When he recovered the use of his tongue it was to indulge in tlireats and imprecations. Mrs. Onslow endeavoured to soothe him, by assuring him Fanny did not mean what she said. But Stokes knew better. He had some penetration, and the ungenerous fellow positively enjoyed the poor old mother's despair. " Well, miss," said Stokes, "spite of your rejection, this is not my last visit. Please recollect to-morrow's quarter day. I shall come on business, and in case of things not being quite as regular as they ought to be, I shall bring a friend with me." " We Bhall be most happy to see you and your friend, Mr. Stokes," said Fanny, with imperturbable calm. "In the mean time, good night, Mr. Stokes !" " You'll not find me alive this time to morrow, I can tell you that, madam," ; said Mra. Onslow, in whose breast grief, j horror', and rage contended for the mas tery. " To-morrow the ton"lift's shall have the furniture, and my dead body into the bargain!" " They shall have neither !" exclaimed Fred Benson, who rushed in at that mo ment, " while you have a devoted friend and son in Fred Benson ! Oh, Mrs. On slow, I am come back from the land of gold, with plenty of the precious metal in my pocket ; but I have seen nothing in Australia half so precious as the trea sure I now implore—the hand of your ' adorable child, Fanny!" And so it happened that when Stokes— i with his friend the bailiff in the back- j ground—came the next day, hoping to j have the pleasure of distraining, he found Mrs. and Miss Onslow were provided with a friend, and, what was even more to the purpose, that they were quite ready with the full aihount of the rent on that identi- j cal quarter-day. 