CREED OF POPE PIUS IV. No. II. ; ' In our last we dealt Avith the- -first article in this characteristic 'and distin- guisliiixg creed of the Romish ChxxX-cli: ; we noAv come to the second. It is as follows : "Also Holy Scripture according to', that sense which Holy Mother Church has held aucl holds, whose right it. is to jildge of the true, sense and interpretation1 of Holy Scriptures, l admit ; nor .will;' I ever accept or interpret. thein unless according to the unanimous consent of 'the Fathers." -'- Noav, let our plain; intelligent, and can did Roman Catholic friends x-ead OA'er this again, and ask' themselves 1 the question 'if . this is really the Creed , which they !believe and ' sAvear to1?. If it be, Ave ask. them to consider again whether or not they are conscious that in such a profession of belief ; they abaxxdon all right to,, x-ead and ixxter- pret -God's word, and bind themselves xxeck and lxeel to-'accejit as Scripture' Avhatever the Church— that is, ;. the Pi-iest— gixms . them 1 . This oath .or creed is as total a . renunciation, on tlie part of .him Avho uttex-s ; it, of right to read and interpret God's W orcl as language can express. The mail who deliberately and thoughtfully adopts . this article as part of his " ci-eed " px-omises to reject Scripture itself, bxxt to accept tlxe Church' s sense of Scx-iptux-e ; aixd he px-o- xnises never to accept ox- intex-px-et Scx-ipture : until lie has fouiid the unanimous agree- meent of the Greek and Latin Fathei-s who have wi-itten on Scriptux-e dxu-ing the past eighteen centuries ! With such a creed as this it mattei-s nothing to a man Avhetlier or not there be a Bible in existence, for he : has promised to have only to do xvitli the , Church's sense of Scripture ; and, so as to make this doubly sixre, he is made to swear that he Avill not accept Sci-iptui-e nor intei-- ; pret it until he has foxuxd what never has existed, the "Unanimous consent" of all the Greek and Latin Fathex-s who have ever "written. We appeal to sensible men to see how Pope Pius IV has made helpless slaves of . all wlio accept his " creed." Not one par ticle of fi-eedom is left so them. Not one shred of manliness is allowed them. The Bible is of no use whatever to them. They dare t not. read.it, unless tliey call readiiig Avithout tliinking " reading ;" their simple duty is to hear the " sense " which the 'Church has to give ; and as not one in ten! millions . of Catholics will ever attempt to . find , the " unanimous coiisent of the Fa thers," they are absolutely shut up to accept as ' the " unanimous consent " what-j VeVhji;, the .Church is. pleased to ' say is ' this impossible thing. , Tq .show; oxxr Romapl Catholic friends that thus they are really reduced to slaves, we giAre them what the Coxmcil . of Ti-ent deci-eed, and what, the late Council of the Vatican confirmed . fin order to restrain petulant minds, the Council further decrees, that in matters of faith and morals, and Avhatever relates to the mainte nance of Christian doctrine, no one confiding in his oAvh, judgment shall dare to Avrest the Sacred Scriptures to his own sense of them, contrary to that Avhich hath been held and is still held by Holy Mothef Church, Avhose right it is to judge of the true meaning and interpretation of Sacred Writ, or contrary to the unanimous consent of the Fathers, even though such consent never be published. If any disobey, let them be denounced by the Ordinaries, and punished according to law." Let Roman Catholics consider that their minds are " petulant " if they dare to read and hiterpi-et Sci-ipture for themselves, or dare to accept anything but the sense of the Church ; they are to be denounced as Avresting Sci-ipture if they should dai-e to take any meaning but the meaning of the Church; and they are to be "punished according to Liav " if they dare to intei-pret Scripture otliei-Avise than according to the unanimous consent of the Fathers, even although such interpretation be never pub lished! What is this but an outrageous claim that men shall hand over their souls aud consciences to the absolute dictation of the Chui-clx % It is Avell that Roman Catholics ixoav liA'e hi times Avhen the threat of this passage from the decrees of Trent may be safely laughed at. It says " pu nished, according tolaAv," andthismay mean very little now, unless in the Avay of deeper depths of purgatoi-y ; but once upon a time it really meant- something. It meant the teai-ing of a rnau from his family and shut ting him up. in the prison of the Inquisition; it meant the loss of liberty and life ; and it Avoixld mean this still, Avere it not that Protestant truth and advancing freedom: have depi-ived the Church of this love of "punishing." We ask Roman Catholics to reconsider then-belief. The Bible is God's book, and it is their right to read what Gocl has Avrit- ten to them. The " Church " denies them this right, and makes them swear it is the right of " the Church " to interpret Sci-ip tui-e fox- them. Moreover, it quotes two texts to substantiate , this denial ; but does not the very . quoting of these two texts adinit that it is . the .right of eArei-y one to draAv the. meaiiing,' and that every : oiie is : able to do so ? And Avliat are ; the tAvo. texts? Why, that Peter says that 'in the ! 'itingf >;of JPaui ! " there a-re some: things hai-cl to be xuiderstood." . Well, be it so : then in the rest of Scripture every tiling is:: plain ; but is the fact that there ax-e diffi- cxilties in. ! tlie, Avritiiigs of Paul aiiy j ust 'reason. AAdiyjthe .Chxxrch should claim the' . exclusive right to interpret all : Scripture ?! Let hei-, if; she Avill, interpret the difficulties ; but, hteie/to ; say, this .she has never doiie ! The otlier passage Avhich the Chxxrch quotes -to ..deny, the right of the people to: iiitsxqiret SbwpWe is tliis, " No prophecy of the Sci-iptux-e ' is bf , ahy pi-ivalte intei-pit-e-: taition." But the quotixlg of this passage for any such, purpose: is .A gross: fraud. It; refers to 'prophecy," and it says that " no prophecy is: man-made, of private . clisclqs- ixx y for. holy, men of old spake as they were', moved ' by the. Holy Ghost." The meaning is that prophecy'- Avas lxot of tlie: prophets' bAvn xyealiiig ; it' came' ''from God speaking through them V aLiid this is . the reason Avhy the Apostle urgesRie people, to " take hold of that i sure woi-d. " : If Roman Catholics, thei-efore, 'will, boiisicler the passage, 'they Anil, see that tlxe yery. quotation which the Church advances to; defraud them of their right to read- and interpret Scripture is used by the Apostle to ui-ge tlienx to read and vnte/qjret as a Avoi-d ' sure aiid clear like a light shining , in. a dark place ! Not in all; the falsifications and peiwei-sions of the Priests, with the design of keeping the people fx-qm thinking about. Scripture, and defrauding them of their riglit as rea sonable beings, could there be a greater than this. It is an audacious turning of Sci- ip- .txu-e against Scripture; for Avhile the: passage dix'ectly teaches the people to l-eacl Scripture and interpret it, and to give "good heed " to it, the Priests have made use of it to persuade the people not to read Sci-ip tui-e at all ! 