THESEUS. "" (From M The Heroes" by Cltar.cs Kinysiey,) (Coticlude J ) Ana ho wont down tho glonn of Pornoy, through mist, nnd cloud, nnd rain, down tho slopes of oak, and lontisk, and arbutus, and fragrant bay, till he came to tho Vale ofCepbisus, and tho pleasant town of Aphidnni, nnd the homo of. the Phytalid heroes, where they dwelt beneath a mighty elm. And there thoy built an altar, and bade him bathe in Cophisus, nnd offer n yearling ram, and purified him from tho blood of Sinis, and sent him nwny in peace. And lio wont down the valley by Acharnai, and by the silver-swirling stroam, whilo all tho people blessed him ; for tho famo of his prowess had spread wide, till ho saw tho plain of Athens, and the hijl where Athene dwells. So Theseus went up through Athens, and nil tho people run out to see him ; for his fame had gone boforo him. and every one know of his mighty deeds. And all cried, " lloro comes tho hero, who slow Sinis, nnd Phnia tho wild sow of Orommyon, ami conquered Korkuon in wrestling, and slow Procrustes tho pitiless. But Theseus won ton sadly and stondfastly ; for his heart yonrnod aftor his father; anil ho said, "How shall I doliver him from those leeches who suck his blood ? " So he wont up tho holy stairs, and into tho Acropolis, where -Egeus' palace stood; and ho went straight into TEgous' hall, and stood upon tho threshold, and lookod round, And there ho saw his cousins sitting about the table, nt the wino ; many a son of Pailns, but no /Egeus among thorn. There they sat and feasted and laughed, and passed tho wino-cup round; while harpers harped, and sluvo girls snug, and the tumblers showed thoir tricks. Loud laughed tho sons of Pallas, and fnst wont the wine- cup round ; but Theseus frowned, and said under his breath, "No wonder that the land is full of robbers, whilo such as those boar rnlo." Then the Pallantids snw him, and called to him, half-drunk with wine— " Holla, tall stranger at the door, what is your will to-day ?" "I corao hither to ask for hospitality." "Thon take it, nnd welcome. You look liko a horo and a hold warrior; and wo like such to drink with as." " I nsk no hospitality of you ; I ask it of iEgeus tho king, tho mastor of this house." At that some growlod, and some laughed, and shouted, " Heyday ! we nro all mastors here." " Then 1 am master as ranch us tho rost of you," said Thoseus ; nnd ho strodo past the tablo up tho hall, and looked around for iEgcu? ; but be was nowhere to bo soon. The Pallantids looked at him, nnd then nt onch other; and onch whispered to tho man next him, "This is a forward fellow ; he ought to be thrust out at tho door." But each man's neighbour whispered in return, " His shoulders nro broad; will you rise and put him out ( " So thoy ull sat still whoro thoy were. Thou Theseus called to tho servants, and said, "Go toll King iEgeus your master, that Theseus of Troezorio is here, and nsks to be his guest awhilo." A servant ran and told /Egous, where ho sat in his chamber within, by Modoia the dark witch-womnu, watching Iter eye and hand. And whon iEgous hoard of Tnezonc, he turned palo and red again ; and rose from his seat trembling, whilo Modeiawntchod him liko a snnko. » "What is Troezono to you i " sho asked. But bo said has ily. "Do you not know who this Theseus is ? The horo who hns cleared tho couutry from all monsters: hut Hint ho came from Trcijzotio, I never heard before. I must go cut and wolcomo liim. " So /Egeus came out into the. hall ; arid when Thosous suw him, his heart leapt into his mouth, and ho longod to fall on his nook and welcomo him; but ho controlled himself, und said, "My fathor may not wish for me, aftor all. I will try bim boforo I discover myself; " and ho bowed low boforo iEgous, and said, " I luivo delivored tho king's roalm from many monsters ; therefore I am como to ask a rownrd of tho king." And old iEgeus lookod on him, and loved him, as what fond heart would not have done ? But lie only sighod, and snid — " It is littlo that I can give you, noble lad, and \- nothing that is worthy of yon; for surely you are \- jno mortal man, or at lonst no mortal's son." "All I ask," said Theseus, "is to eat and <).e'ink at yonr table." t" That I can give you," said /Egeus. "if at leant I arn master in my own hall." Th'en he bade them put a soat for Theseus, and set hi iforo him tho best of tho feast ; and Thosous But at id ato so much, that all the company wondei'od at him : hut always ho kept his club by his side But Ibedoia tho dark witch-woman hud boon watching him all tho whilo. Sho suw how iEgous turned red1 and pale, whon tho lad snid that ho came from Trojzotio. Sho saw, too, how his heart was .oponod toward Theseus ; nnd how Thoseus bore bimsolf before all tho sons of Pailns, like a lion nmuiig a paok of curs. And she said to horsolf, "This youth will bo mastor here; per- lanps he is nearer to iEgous already than mere fancy. Atloaattbo Pallantids will liuvo no chance, by tho sido nt' such as ho," Then sho weut back into her chamber modestly, while Thoseus tsto and drank ; und all the ser vants whispered, ''This, then, is the man who killed tho monsters'! How noble nro his looks, sitid how huge his sun?;! Ah, would that he woro <?ur master's son ! " But proscntly Medeiu came forth, docked in all her jewels, and her rich Eastern robos, and look- ring more beautiful than the day ; go that all the guests could look at nothing else. And in hor, right band eho bald a goldea cup, and in bof left a lhisk of gold ; and sho came up to Theseus, and spoke, in a sweet, soft, winning voieb — "Ilail to tho hero, tho conqueror, tho nticnn- quored, tho dostroycr of nil evil things ! Drink, htro, of my charmed cup, which gives rest aftor ovory toil, which heals all wounds, nnd pours new life into tho veins. Drink of my cup, for in it spnrklos tho wino of tho East, and Nepenthe, tho comfort of t ho Immortals." And as sho spoko, sho poured tho flask into the cup ; and tho fragrance of tho wino spread through tho hall, liko tho seont ofthymo and roses. And Thoseus looked up in her fair face, and into hor deep dark eyes. And as ho lookod, ho shrank ntid shuddered ; for thoy wero dry liko the oyes of n snako. And ho rose, nnd snid, "Tho wine is rich nnd fragrant, and tho winc- benror as fair as the immortals ; but let hor plodgo mo first herself in the cup, that tho wino may bo the sweeter from her lips." Thon Mcdeia tnrncil pale, and slnmmored, " Forgivo me, fair hero ; but I am ill, and daro drink tio wine." And Theseus looked again into hor eyes, and cried, " Thou shalt plodgo mo in that cup, or die." And ho liftod up his brazen club, while all tho gnosis looked on aghast. Modeia shrioked u fearful shriek, nttd dashed tho cup to tho ground, and fled; and whoro tho wine flowed over tho marblo pavement, the stono bubbled, and crumbled, nnd hissed, under tho liorco vonomjof tho draught. But Modoia cnllod hor dragon chariot, nnd sprang into it and fled aloft, nwuy over laud and son, and no mnu saw her moro. And iEgous cried, "What hast thou dono?" But Thosous pointed to tho stone — "I hnvo rid tho land of an onchantmont : now I will rid it of ono moro." And ho came close to iEgeus, nnd drow from his bosom tho sword nnd tho sandals, and said tho words which his mother bade him. ' And iEgous stoppod back a pace, nnd looked at the lad till his oyes grow dim ; und thon ho cast himself on his neck and wept, and Theseus wept on his neck, till thoy had no strength loft to woop more. Thon iEgeus turned to all tho peoplo, and cried, " Behold my son, children of Cocrops, a bottor man than his father was boforo him." Who thon woro mad hut the Pallantids, though thoy had been mad enough bofovo? And ono shouted, " .Shall we make room for an upstart, n protondor, who comos from wo know not whoro ? " And nnother, " If ho ho ono, wo are moro thun ono ; nnd the stronger can hold his own." And ono shouted one thing and ono anothor; for they woro hot and wild with wino; hut all caught swords nnd lancos off tho wall, where tho woapons hung nronnd, and sprang forward to Thoseus, and Theseus sprang forward to then). And ho cried, "Go in ponce, if you will, my cousins ; but if not, your blood be on your own houds." But thoy rushed at him ; nnd then stop- pod short and railod him, as curs stop and hark when thoy rouso n lion from his lair. But ono hurled a lance from tho rear rank, which pnssod close by Thoseus' head ; and at- thnt Thesens rushed forward, nnd the-fight bogau in deed. Twenty against ono thoy fought, and yet I Thoseus heat thorn all ; and those who wero loft fled down into the town, whoro the people sot on them, and drove thorn out, till Thosous was left, alono in tho palace, with .Egeus his now-found father. But- boforo nightfall all the town came up, with victims, and dances, and songs ; nnd thoy offered sacrifices to Athene, and rejoiced all tho night long, beeauso their king had found a noble son, anil an heir to his royal house. So Theseus stayed with his father all tho winter ; and whet) tho spring equinox drew near, nil tho Athonians grow sad and silent, and Theseus saw it, and nskod the reason ; but no one would answer him a word. Thon ho went to his father, and asked him : but iEgous turned nwny his fuco nnd wept. " Do not ask, my son, boforehand, about evils which must'happon : it is onough to liuvo to fuco them when they come." And when the spring equinox cants, a horald camo to Athens, nnd stood in the market, and cried, " O people nnd King of Athens, where is yonr yearly tribute?" Then a grout lamenta tion arose throughout tho city. But Theseus stood up to tho herald, and cried — "And who- nro you, dog-faced,' who daro de mand tributo here ' If 1 did not revorence your herald's stuff, I. would brain you with this club." And the horald answered proudly, for he was a grave nnd ancient man — "Fair youth, I am not dog-laced or shame- loss; but I do my master's bidding, Minos, tho King of hundrod-eitied G'reto, tho wisest of all kings on earth. And you must bo surely a -sti'imger here, or you would know why I canto, nttd that I come by right." " I am a stranger hero. Toll mo, thon, why you come." "To fetch tho tribute which King IEgous pro mised to Minos, and confirmed his promise with an oath. For Minos conquerod all tin's land, and Mognra which lies to tho oast, whon ho came hither with a groat fleet of ships, enraged about the murder of his son. For his son Androgens catno hither to tho Pannthoitaic games, and over came all tho Greeks in tho sports, so that tho peoplo honoured hitn as a horo. But when j iEgous saw his valour, he envied bin), and feared 1 lost ho should join tho sons of Pallas, and take j away tho sceptre from him. So ho plotted against ! j his life, and sloiv him basely, no man knows how j I or where. Some say that ho waylaid him by j j Oinoo, on.tho road which goes to Thebes ; and j somo that ho sent him against tho hull of Mnru- j thon, that tho boast might kill him. But .Egeus I says that the young men killed him from envy, j because ho iiad conquerod them in tho games, j So Minos catno hither and avenged him, and i I would not depart till this land had promised him 1 I tribute, seven youths and seven maidens everv : year, who go with me in a black-sailed ship, Liil ! j thoy como to Imndred-oitied Oote." Ami Thosous ground his teeth together, nnd said, " Wort thou not a herald I wan id kill thee, for saying such tilings of my father : luit I will go to him, and know the truth." So ho wont to his fathor, and asked him; but ho turned away his head and wopt, anil said, " Blood was shod in tho land unjustly, and by blood it is avenged. Break not my heart by questions; it is enough to onduro iri silence." Thon Theseus groaned inwardly, and said, " I j will go myself with thoso youths and maiden.-', j nnd kill Minos upon his royal throno." I And .Egeus shrieked, and cried, " Von shall ! not, go, my .son. tho light of my old ngn, to whom I alono 1 look to rule this people, aftor I am dead j and gone. Yon shall not go, to die hoiribly, as j thoso youths arid maidens die; for Minos thrusts ! them into a labyrinth, which Daidaloa made lor ! him among the rucks — Daidnlos tho reyiegndo, i tho accursed, tho pest of this his native Innd. From that labyrinth no one can oscapo, entangled in its winding ways, before thoy meet tho Minotaur tho monster, who feeds upon tho flesh of men. There he devours thorn horribly, and they novcr soo this land nguin." Thon Thosous grow red, and his ears tingled, nnd his heart boot loud in his bosom. And ho stood awhilo liko a tall stono pillar, on tho cliffs abovo somo hero's gruro; and at last he spoke — " Theroforo all the moro I will go with thorn, and slay the accursed beast, liuvo I riot slain all evildoers and monsters, that I might freo this land? Where are Poriphotos, and Sinis, and Korkuon, and Piiaia the wild sow ? Whoro uro tho fifty sons of Pallas ? And this Minotaur shall go ttye road which they linvo gone, and Mino3 himself, if he daro stay me." "But how will you slay him, my son? For you must leave your club and your armour be hind, and be cast to tho monster, defenceless and naked liko the rest.T And Thoseus said, "Are there no stones in that labyrinth ; and have I not fiats and teeth ? Did I nood my club to kill Korkuon, the terror of all mortul men ? " Then iEgous clung to his knoos; but ho would not hear; and at last be lot him go, weeping bitterly) and said only this one word— Promise mo but thjs, if you return in peace, though that may hardly bo ; tuko down the black su:l of tho ship (for I shall watch for it nil day upon tho clilfs,) and hoist instond a whito sail, thnt I may know afar off that you nro safe." And Thosous promised, anil went out, and to tho mnrkot-plnoo whoro tho herald stood, whilo they drow lots for tho youths nnd maidons, who wero to soil in that doleful crow. And the people stood wailing and weeping, as the lot fell on this one and on that : but Thoseus strodo into tho midst, and cried — " IIoro is a youth who nocds no lot. I myself will bo one of tho sovon." And tho herald nskod in wonder. " Fair youth, know you whither you nro going? " And Thosous snid, "I know. Lot us go down to tlio black-sailed ship." So they wont down to the hlack-snilod ship, seven maidens, and sovon youths, and Thoseus boforo thorn all, nnd tho peoplo following tlioni Innionting. But Theseus whispered to his com panions, " Havo liopo, for tho monster is not immortal. Whoro nro Poriplmtos, and Sinis, nnd Sciron, nnd all whom I havo slain ? " Then their hearts wero comforted a littlo : but thoy wept ns thoy wont on bonrd, anil tho clilfs of Siniium rang, and all the isles of tho iEgoan Son, with tho voice of their lamentation, ns thoy sailed on toward their deaths at Crete. And at Inst they cnino to Crete, and toCriossus, beneath tho peaks of Ida, and to tho palace of Minos the groat king, to whom Zona Himself taught laws. So ho was the wisest of all mortal kings, and conquerod all tho -Egoan isles ; and his ships woro us many as tho son-gulls, and his palace liko a marblo hill. And ho sot among tho pillars of tho hall, upon his throne of benton gold, nnd around him stood tho spouking statues which Daidnlos hnd mado by his skill. For Daidalos was tho most cunning of all Athonians, and ho first invented the plumb-lino, aud tho nugor, and glue, and many a tool with which wood is wrought. And ho first set up masts in ships, and yards, and his son tnado sails for thorn : but Perilix his nephew oxcellod him ; for ho first in vented tho saw nnd its tooth, copying it from tho back-hono of a fish; and invented, too, tho chisel, and the compasses, and tho potter's wheel which moulds tho clay. Theroforo Daidalos onviod him, nnd hurled him headlong from tho temple of Athene: but tho Goddess pitied him, (for sho loves the wise,) and changed him into a partridge, which flits for ovor about tho hills. And Daidalos fled to Crete, to Minos, and workod for him many a year, till ho did a shameful deed, at which tho sun hid his fuco on high. Then he flod from tho anger of Minos, ho and Icaros his son having made themselves wings of feathers, and fixed the font hers with wax. So they flow over tho sea townrd Sicily ; hut lenros flow too near tho sun ; and tiie wax of his wings ivas molted, aud ho fell into tho Ionian Sen. But Daidalos came saTe to Sicily, and thoro wrought many a wondrous work ; for ho mado for King Cocnlos n reservoir, from which a groat river watered all tho land, and a castle and a tronsury on a mountain, which tho giants themsolvos could not have stormed ; nnd in Soiinos he took tho steam which comes up from tho fires of /Etna, and mado of it a warm bath of vapour, to euro tho pains of mortal tnon ; and ho mado a honeycomb of gold, in which tho bees camo and stored their honey, nnd in Egypt ho made tho forecourt of tho tomplo of II ephuistos in Memphis, nnd a statue of himself within it, ar.d many an other wondrous work. And for Minos ho made statues which spoko and moved, nnd the tomplo of Britoinnrtis, and tho dancing-hall of Ariadne, which ho carved of fair white stono. And in Sardinia ho worked for Ielaos, and in many a land beside, wandering up and down for over with his cunning, unlovely and accursed by men. But Theseus stood before Minos, and thoy looked each other in tho face. And Minos hade tako thon) to prison, and cast them to the monster one by one, thnt tho death of Androgeos might ho avenged. Thon Thosous cried — " A boon, O Minos ! Bet mo ho thrown first to tho beast. For I enmo liithor for thnt very purpose, of my own will, and not by lot." " Y/ho art thou, then, bravo youth ? " " I am tho son of him whom of all mon thou hntost most, IEgous tho king of Athens, and I urn como horo lu end tins mntior." And Minos pondorod awhilo, looking stondfastly ut him, and ho thought, " Tho lad means to atone, by his own douth for his futhor's sin ; " and hu answered at lust mildly — " Go back in poaco, my "son. It is a pity that ono so bravo should die." But Thosous said, "I havo sworn that I will not go back till I havo seen tho monster faco to face." And at that Minos frowned, nttd said, "Then thou shalt see him ; take tho madman nwny." And thoy led Theseus away into tho prison, with tho othor youths nnd maids. But Ariadno, Minos' daughter, saw him, as the camo out of her white stono hall : und sho loved him for his conrngo and his majesty, and said, " -Shame that such a youth should die!" And by night sho wont down to tho prison, aud told him all hor heart ; and said — ".Fleo dowt) to your ship at once, for I have bribed tho guards beforu the door. Floe, you and all your friends, and go back in peaeo" to Greece; und tako mo, tako mo with you! for 1 daro not stay after you are gone ; for my father will kill me miserably, if ho knows what 1 havo dono." And Thoseus stood silent awhile; for ho was astonished and confounded by her beauty; hut at last ho said, " I cannot go homo in peace, till I have soon nnd slain this Minotaur, and avenged tho deaths of the youths and maidens, nnd put an end to tho terrors of rny land." "And will you kill the Minotaur? How, then ? " " I know not,, nor do I care : hut ho must ho strong" if In.- ho too strong for mo." Thon she lovod him all tho more, and said, " But when you havo killed liirn, how will you find your way out of tho labyrinth ? " 1 know net, neither do J enro : but it must ho a strange road, if I do not find it out boforo I have union up tho monster's carcase." Then sho lovod him all tho more, and said — "Fair youth, you nro too hold ; hut I can help you, wonk us L am. 1 will givo yon a sword, and with th.-.t perhaps you may slay the beast; and a clue ot thread, and by that, perhaps, you may find your way out again. Only promise mo, that it you o.-'c.-.po safe, you will tako mo homo with you to Greece; for my father will surely kill me, if he knows what I have done." Then Thoseus laughed, nnd said, "Am I not rafo unongh now ? " And ho hid tho sword in his bosom, and rolled up tho e'luo in his hand; and then ho swore to Ariudne, arid foil down be fore her, and kissed hor hands and her feet; and sho wept over htm a long whilo, and thou wont away ; and Thoseus lay down and slept sweetly. And when the ovoning camo, tho guards emtio in and lod him away to tho laby rintii. And ho wont down into that dolof'u! gulf, through winding paths among the rocks, under caverns, and arches, and galleries, and ovor heaps of fallen stone. And ho Lurnod on the left hand, und on tho right hand, and wont up and down, till his head was dizzy; hut ull tho while ho held his chic. For when ho wont in ho hud fastened it to a stone, and loft it to urtro! out of Itis hand ns ho went on ; and it lasted hiin till ho met tho Minotaur, in a narrow chasm between black clifls. And when ho saw him ho stoppod awhile, for ho had never seen so strange a boast. His body was amaii's : but his head was tho bond of a hull ; and his toeth woro tho tooth of a lion ; und with thorn ho tore his proy. And when ho saw Thosous ho ronrod, and put his head ' down, and rushed right at him. But Thesens stoppod asido nimbly, and as be passed by, cut him in tho knoo; nnd uro ho could tarn in tho nnrrow putb, he followed him, nud stabbed him again nnd again from behind, till tho monster flod bellowing wildly ; for ho never be fore had folt a wound. And Theseus followed him at full speod, holding tho clue of , -thread in his left hand. Thon on, through cavern aftor cavern, under dark ribs of so,unding stone, and up rough glons and torrent-bods, among the sunless roots of Ida, and to tlio edge of tho eternal snow, went thoy, tho bnntor and tlio hunted, whilo tho hills hollow ed to tho monster's bellow. And at last Thosous cnmo up with him, where ho lay panting on a slab among tho snow, and caught him by the horns, and forced his bond hack, and ilrovo tho koen sword through his throat. Thon ho turnod, nnd wont back limping and weary, feeling his way down by tho cluo of Lhroad, till ho camo to tho month of thnt doleful plnco ; and saw waiting for him, whom hut Ariadno! And ho whisporcd " It is dono ! " and showed hor tho sivord; and sho laid hor finger on hor lips, and lod him to tho prison, nnd opened tho doors, and set all tho prisoners free, whilo tho guards lay slooping heuvily ; for sho hud siloncod lliom with wine. Thon they flod to thoir ship together, nnd leapt on hoard, and hoisted up the sail; and tho night lay dark around thorn, so that they passed through Minos' ships, and escaped all safo to Naxos ; and thoro Arindno boenmo Thosous' wifo. But time lair Ariadno never cnmo to Athens with lior husband. Somo say that Thoseus loft hor slooping on Naxos ninong tho Cyclndos ; and that Diouusos tho witto- king found hor, nnd took hor up into tho sky, ns you shall soo somo day in a pnintingof old Titian's, ono of tho most glorious pictures upon onrth. And somo sny that Dionusos drovo nwny Thosous, and took Ariadno from hitn by forco : hut howovor thut mny bo, in his hasto or in his grief, Thosous forgot to put up tho whito sail. Now IEgous his father sat nnd watch ed on Sutiium day aftor day, and strained his old ey os across tho son, to soo tho ship afar. And whon ho suw tho black sail, and not tho .whito ono, ho guvo up Thosous for dead, and in his grief ho foil into tho soo, and died ; so it is colled tho .Egonn to this day. And now. Thosous was king of Athens, and ho guurded it und ruled it woll. For ho killod tho hull of Mornthon, which had killed Androgeos, Minos' son ; and he drove-back tho famous Amazons, the wurliko women of tho East, whon thoy camo from Asia, nnd conquered nil Ilollns, and broko into Athens itself. But Thosous stoppod thorn there, and conquered them, and took llippoiuto their quocn to ho his wifo. Then he wont out to fight against tho Lapithai, and Peirithoos thoir famous king: but when tho two horoos canto fuco to I'nco thoy lovod each othor, and embraced, and bocamo noble friends; so that tho friendship of Thoseus and Poirithoos is a proverb ovon now. And lio gathered (so tlio Athenians say) all tho boroughs of tho land together, and knit thorn into ono strong peoplo, whilo boforo thoy wero all parted and weak : and many another wiso thing ho did, so that his peoplo honoured him aftor ho was dead, for many a hundred yonrs, as tlio futbor of thoir freedom and thoir luws. And six hundred yours aftor his donth, in tho famous fight at Mara thon, mon said thut thoysaw the ghost of Thoseus, with his mighty brazen club, fighting in tho van of battlo against tho invading Persians, for tho country which ho loved. And twenty years after Muruthon, his hones (thoy say) wero found in Scuros, an isle beyoiul. the sou ; nnd thoy wero bigger than tlio hones of mortal mail. So tlio Athenians brought thorn homo in triumph ; and all tlio people camo out to welcomo thorn ; and thoy built ovor thorn a noblo tomplo, and adorned it with sculptures and paintings; in which wo are told all tho noblo deeds of Thosous, nnd tho Centaurs, and tho Lnpithni, nnd tho Amazons; and tlio ruins of it tiro standing still. But why did thoy find his bonos it) Scuros? Why did ho not die in peace at Athens, and sloop by his futhor's sido? Bocauso, after itis triumph ho grow proud, and broko tho laws of God and man. And one thing worst of nil ho did, which brought him to his grave with sorrow. For ho went down (they say honoath tlio oartli) with that hold Poirithoos his friend, to help him to carry off Porsopliono, tho quoou of tho world bolow. But Peirithoos was killod miserably, in tho dark fire- kingdoms under ground ; and Thosous was chained to a rock in everlasting pain. And thoro ho sat for yonrs, till Hornclos tho mighty camo down, to bring up tho throo-hondod dog who Hits at Pluto's goto. So Hornclos loosed hini from his chain, and brought him up to the light once more. But whon ho cnmo bne'e his pooplo had for gotten him, and Castor and Poludoucos, tho sons of tho wondrous Swan, had invaded his land, and carried off his mnthor Aithra for a slave, in re venge for a grievous wrong. So the fair land of Athens was wasted, nnd nn other king ruled in it, who drovo out Thosous shamefully, and ho fled across the son to Scuros. Aud thoro ho lived in sndttoss, in tho houso of Lucomodos tho king, till Lucomedes killed him by troachory, and thoro was an end of all his labours. So it is still, my children, and so it will bo to the otid. In thoso old Grooks, and in us also, all strength nnd virtue como from God. But if mon grow proud and self- willed, and miauso God's lair gilts, Ho lets thorn go thoir own ways, and fall pitifully, that tho glory may bo His alono. God liolp us all, aud givo us wisdom, nnd courage to do nuhlo deeds I hut God keep prido from its when wo have dono thorn, lost wo full, nnd como to sbatnu I 