THE CLOWN. I'm not one of the tip-top sort— that is, I don't act at the West end theatres : but there's no knowing what I may do someday. Begnlar as Christmas comes round I get an engagement at one of the suburbans, where I'm a bit of a f cvonrite, which is a comfort, yon see, as it gives one a settled income. PerhapB some day one of the swell-managers may look in in search of talent, and offer me an engagement at the Lane or the Garden. That's about the height of my ambition. To see a real fashionable audience shrieking with laughter ; perhaps dukes and duchesses— I should like to make a lord laugh— calling for ' Hot Codlings.' Ah ! I've ? often thought of that scene. A man must have peculiar natural gifts to make a good clown, and he must be a bit of a literary man, too. You're surprised to hear that! wny ne always wnres his own part, invents the comic business, and, although there's not much elegance about the 6tyle, there's a wonderful lot of mental toil put into it. It's made up of stage directions, you see — ' Enter policeman — clown knocks off his hat — policeman re monstrates — rally with pantaloon,' and so on. Now it requires'a deal of imagination to go on writing year after year, and get variety. But the great secret is to keep things going, and thaf a where eo many fail ; they allow the buBiness to nag, and that's fatal. Others, again, repeat themselves; they fancy they do certain things well, and they're always doing it. I remember one clown who ruined himself by seeing ghosts. He thought he saw ghosts better than anyone, and the business was always Btanding . still while he knocked his knees together and looked frightened s until the people wouldn' t have him at any price. He was acting; pantaloon in the provinces when I last heard of him. Well, I've had 6ome experience. I made my first appearance just before I married, and my wife was Columbine at the same theatre, which was how we got acquainted. She has given up the Columbine business now, and our eldest daughter has taken to it. She has to attend to the family, you see, and is not quite eo light as she was. Our third boy gives very good promise of a pantaloon, which is not the highest walk in life, but each according to his talents is my motto, and the way he crooks his knees is a sight t» see. The baby may develop into a harlequin, being sum in make, but he's too young yet for anything decisive. .Has it ever struck yon as e curious thing in human nature, that, give it any amount of time for preparation, it always puts it off to the .last moment t It is so in our profession, and we are sever ready, as I may say, for the curtain to rise. I'm not ready with my part even now, aad there's my wife still getting up my costume. Ah! that will bear looking at quite close ; no deception there, but first-rate stitching all round the spots and Etripes. Something like work £ call that, and none of your epangle stuff. We have two suits, yon, tee, to carry us through the run of apiece, and while we're soiling one the other's being cleaned, for a dirty clown would never do, oh dear no I— The Graphic. When is a ship Eke a eoarf-pin? When it iB on the. b.eom of a heavy swell. 