GENERAL NEWS. No business was transacted at the A de laide Police Court on Saturday morning. The assistance which Mr. J.E. Moulden rendered in conducting the services at St, John's Church, during the illness of the late Incumbent, and until the appointment of the Rev. Mr. Smyth, has been acknowledged in a most graceful way by the ladies of the congre gation. A deputation of them waited on Mr. Moulden and presented him with a very chaste silver jug bearing the following inscription: — "Presented to J. E. Moulden, Esq., by the ladies of St, John's Church, Adelaide, as a mark of their esteem and gratitude. 1st January, 1872." On Thursday last as Mr. O'Connor, farmer, of Templers, was out on horseback for the purpose of catching one of his horses, he came in contact, while at full speed, with an unperceived clothes-line, and was torn from hi3 horse with such v'olence (the rope being of twisted wire) that he was left on the ground in sensible, . and when discovered was found to have a severe contusion on the right arm and right side,- the skin being torn off the latter to a serious extent. He was brought into Gawler ; on Friday, and was attended a - considerable portion of the day by Mrs. Popham, expe riencing considerable relief from the applica tion of leeches, &c.;, and is now out of danger.— Bunyip. We specially draw the attention of sportsmen interested in the May .Races to the advertisement in another column, announcing that the 1st February will be the day for re ceiving acceptances for the Adelaide Oup. An advertisement elsewhere announces that the next meeting to compete for the j Hughes Challenge Cup will be held at the Butts, on the South Park Lands, on the 17th of | next April. The advertisement furnishes full particulars of the conditions and rules of the competition. On Wednesday evening, January 24, as a young man named Heniy Land was win nowing at Auburn, he got his right hand en tangled amongst the cog-wheels, crushing three of the fingers. He was admitted on Friday to the Adelaide Hospital, where one of the fingers was amputated. On the 10th inst. Mrs. Preston, an old resident of Payneham, was rushed by a fat bullock, one of a mob belonging to the Hon. J. Baker, on their way to the Buck's Head sale yards at Stepney. At first it was considered the injuries sustained by the poor woman were trifling, but she now lies in a very precarious state, though under skilful medical atteadanee. It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that Mr. Samuel Lazar will shortly return to Adelaide, c% when, should sufficient inducement be offered by sub scriptions, he will make arrangements for a Grand Italian Opera season." It is to be hoped the lovers of good music will rally round Mr. Lazar, and that " sufficient inducement" may be offered. There was an excellent attendance at Burton's Circus on Friday evening, very nearly every seat in the spacious pavilion being occu pied. The performances were, as on previous occasions, most successful, and frequently re ceived the hearty applause of the spectators. Mr. Wiehnd, the clown, was again unable to be present, but it was stated that he would, in all probability, reappear this evening. We have seen at Mr. Joel Lyons's estab lishment, Hinaley-street, a rare piece of work manship, in the shape of a dog's head. It is constructed with small colored pieces of stone, let in in such a way as to form a perfect model of the animal's head, with all the various shadings well reproduced. The work, which is by Mr. Newman, of Minchinhampton, Glouces tershire, England, will repay inspection. On Thursday, the 11th inst., a case of sudden death occurred at the Bundaleer head station. The information at present to hand is somewhat meagre; but it seems a Mrs. Taro laid down on her bed and went to sleep, and while in that unconscious state died. It is supposed that heart disease, combined with the extremely hot'weather then prevailing, was the cause of the poor woman's death.—Northern Argus. The Rochester Correspondent of the Northern Argus mentions that during the re cent floods the Broughton was swollen to such a height that several persons anxious to get over, after waiting several days for the water to subside, lost patience, and swam across the stream on horseback, a man having boldly first swam over with a rope, one end being attached to the neck of the first nag that was made to brave the current. The Excelsior Temperance Society held their first meeting in the Town Hall,(Norwood, on Wednesday evening last. The programme consisted of dialogues, recitations, singing, &c.;, by members of the Drum and Fife Band. Mr. J. Darling occupied the chair. The Hall was crowded to excess, and many persons had to retire for want, of room. The Committee also were greatly encouraged by the numbers amounting to 111—that joined the society. As the copper market is looking so keenly, we believe an effort is about to be made to once again get the Wheal Mtschke Mine into working, so that this, as we believe, really valuable property may be fairly tested. All along two or three men and boys have made a, living there by sinking shallow shafts, and there is every reason to suppose that if worked on an adequate scale the mine would prove payable. . We certainly think that had this property been situate on Yorke's Peninsula it would not have been suffered to so long lie idle.— Kapunda Herald. Commander Von Blanc, of the German man-of-war Nymphe. ha3 written from Mel bourne to Mr. Yon Treuer, the German Consul in Adelaido, that he regrsts his inability to visit South Australia, where he koows a very large number of Germans are happily settled. In his report to the Imperial Government, however, the Commander says he will urge upon them the importance of sending at no distant date another of His Majesty's ships of war to this port, and anticipates his recom mendation will be carried into effect within the current year. , A special meeting of the members of the Chamber of Commerce was held at. the Office, Pirie-street, on Friday afternoon, Jan nary 26. There was only a small attendance, and Mr. "W. H. Charnock (Chairman) presided. A number of alterations were made in the rules and by-laws—the most important of which was the amendment of the rule providing that the financial year of the Chamber shall end on the 31st of July, the termination of the year being made the 31st of March. The reason for the change was given in the report of the annual meeting held on the 17 th of last November. A Victorian, country paper relates a ghost story. On the night of the 8th January, " about 9 o'clock, aB the Rev. Mr. Bajley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right j through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, 'Dear me, what was that?' Mr. Bayley endeavored»to pull the horse up; but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he | reached the gate at Millhaven." The half-yearly meeting of the Ade laide Meat Preserving Company.(Limited) was held at the registered office of the Company on j Friday afternoon, January 26. The report of the Directors and balance-sheet were adopted, and Messrs. R. B. Smith, H. Scott, and W. L. Marchant were re-elected members of the Board, and Messrs. F. Wicksteed and J. Storrie were again appointed Auditors. The remunera tion to the Auditors was fixed at five guineas per annum. In replying to a vote of thanks, the Chairman (the Hon. A. B.. Murray) stated that the Board desired to express their satis faction with the officers of the Company, and with the caieful and efficient manner'iu which Mr. Herriot, the Manager, had conducted operations. On Wednesday last a melancholy event happened at Donnybrook to a little girl named Eliza Waldon, aged five years, who was ac cidentally drowned through falling down a well. Between 5 and 6 o'clock the deceased was missed by her parents, and a search being in stituted, her body was found at the bottom of the well. Dr. Bain was sent for, but as he was absent from Clare, Mr. Greenwood's services were called into requisition. The usual remedies were applied, but life was found to be extinct. It was thought that the child-had been in the water fully a quarter of an hour. An inquest-was held yesterday, and from the evidence it would seem that deceased lifted up the lid of the well and fell in. The Jnry re turned a verdict of " accidentally drowned."— Northern Argus. Tlxe annual meeting of the Hindmarsh Library and Mechanics' Institute was held in the District Hall on January 25, Mr. W. J. Verco presiding. The report, whieh was adopted, mentioned that, although there had been no great accession of members, yet by the Directors having made a judicious selec tion of books and periodicals, the attendance at the reading-room had been good. Several members urged the desirability of also arrang ing for attractive lectures and entertainments to be given periodically. The financial state ment showed a fair balance in hand for future operations. The following officers were then elected'President, Mr. T. Lees ; Vice, Mr. W. Wyatt; Treasurer, J. Pickering, M.P. ; Secretary, A. Burt; Directors, Rev. S. L. Harris, J.P., J. Bold, H. Hunwick, T. Dench, S. Day, A, Dor rams, W. Langman, and R. Slater. In our business columns will be seen am advertisement of a patent safety fuse, manu factured by Messrs. Snowball, Longmore, and Jones, on the banks of the Yarra, Melbourne, This fuse has been submitted to comparative tests with the best Knglish fuse, and the most competent judges in Victoria have pronounced it to be greatly superior to the imported article in the most essential particulars. It is very much less likely to miss fire, and withstands the influence of water far better than any • o her fuse yet tried. After being soaked in water for upwards of twenty-four hours it burns quite freely. Another advantage it pos sesses is that of burning down more slowly than other fuses, so giving more time for the man firing it to get out of the way. Victorian testimonial", recommending the fuse above all other sorts, have been given by Mr. Johnson, of the Pyrotechnic Ordnance Department; Mr. Ellery, B.B.A.S., Government Astronomer}; the City Surveyor of Melbourne ; and a number of mining managers. On Wednesday forenoon a singular accident happened, by which a horse was killed, and the life of its rider (Mr. J. Moore), placed in great peril. It appears that the horse in question was a young thing, belonging to Mr. Mahoney, for whom Moore was breaking it in. Mr. Mahoney on another horse, and Moore on this, left the Kapunda Pound together for Mahoney's farm—the young horse bucking violently all the way to the Light. When it reached this river it suddenly plunged into . a waterhole, and made no effort to swiui. Moore freed himself as quickly as possible, and then, having hold of the bridle pulled the horse's head ashore. Although it had not been more than a minute in the water, it was by this time almost dead, and ceased to live in a very short time after. It would seem as if the horse had determined not to be broken in, but had rather chosen to commit suicide, for all horses eg 11 swim if they will, unless seized with cramp or other disease, but this horse made no attempt to save itself.—'Kapunda Herald. ' A meeting of the Stewards and-Com mittee of the Adelaide Race Meeting, to take place next May on the Old Course,Iwas held on Friday, January 26, at the office of the Secre tary, Mr. C. J. Coates. There were present the Hon. Sir John Morphett, M.L.C. (in the chair), Messrs. W. K. Simms, M.P., W. H. Formby, W. Cavenagh, M.P., G. Bennett, H. Hughes, C. Mann, M.P., J. Christopher. The Secretary stated that he had called the meeting in consequence of the handicapping of the Baron being objected to by Mr. E. T. Barnard, the handioapper, on the ground that he had been improperly described at the time of entry, and that he had handicapped him as a maiden, whereas be had reason to believe that he was Mr. Winche's six-year-old bay gelding, and if so, had not been handicapped by him. The Secretary brought forward telegrams and cor respondence relating to the matter, 'and the following resolution was adopted :—"If Baron, entered for Adelaide Cup as a bay horse, six years old, proves to be a gelding, the nomina tion shall be void on the ground of false description." An ancient Tichborne case is thus re ported by the Spectator:—"There is a curious parallel in Roman history to the romantic trial which is now exciting so much interest. Sex tus, the heir of a noble family at Rome, had escaped from the ruin of his house under Com modus, by giving out that he had died. It be came known'that a ram, had been burned in his stead' at the funeral, and several persons suffered oil suspicion, but his true fate was never ascertained. After the Emperor's death a claimant appeared for the rank and fortune of the missing nobleman. His appearance answered of Sextus, and he satisfied many persons of his identity by his replies to their questions. Per tinax, however, decided againBt him on account of want of education. He had ' forgotten his Greek,' and was ignorant of philosophy, to which the whole Quintilian family had been eminently devoted. He is, therefore, considered an impostor by Dion Cassious, though it is pos sible that fa nine precarious years of danger and disguise he may'have unlearned the lan guage while Be practised the lessons of his early studies." Queensland is coming in to share, with the Transvaal district at the Cape, the honors of its fields of precious stones. So at least it would appear from a story told to us last evening, which runs thusWhen the Go vernor Blackall was anchored off one of the northern ports of Queensland a gentleman came on hoard and saw Mr. Foord, the well known popular lecturer. He Bhowed him some specimens of stone, which Mr, Foord pro nounced to be of some value, and offered to bring them to Melbourne to have them tested. The gentleman assented, and at the same time requested that if they were'proved to be of value they might be set for him. "When Mr. Foord arrived in Melbourne he at once saw Mr. Spink, the lapidary, who pronounced the stones to be opals of great value. The sm .ller stone, which has been set as a ring, is esti mated as worth between £300 and £400, while on the larger, made into a gentleman's breast brooch, Mr. Spink says it is impossible to set a value, it being, he thinks, the largest opal ever found, within his knowledge. This dis covery, if confirmed by after facts, is bound to make a stir amongst our speculative birds of passage.—Melbourne Leader, The Committee of the Aborigines' Friends' Association have been anxious that the pastoral and . farming operations at Point McLeay should show a profit, but the haivest now nearly completed will again disappoint the friends of the movement. Two months ago the appearance of the crops warranted the ex pectation that there would be a large balance to the good on this department of civilization amongst our native population. The barley, which looked like .20 bushels per acre, was at tacked by caterpillars who destroyed quite one half the crop. The wheat, which like aU other crops in the neighborhood promised well for 10 or 12 bushels, has been shrivelled by the hot winds (so much in some.'places as not to be worth reaping) and wiU only yield about four bushels. The flax has suffered from the same cause; it grew well for a .time, then stopped, and some of it withered away, the yield being almost worthless except for a little seed. . The four natives who are farming sections of their own near the Mission' Station, have the same discouragement to. bear, their crops yielding about four or five bushels of wheat, arid about 10 bushels of barley. A letter has been received from Mr. Taplin, in Melbourne, stating that he is much better, and hopes soon to return to his duties, when no doubt he will be welcomed. Dr. Beer has lately patented a new machine for gold-washing, which he calls a "differential specific gravities amalgamator," being based upon the difference of the specific gravities of the substances used. He is confi dent that the machine is superior to all others employed for the same purpose. It consists (says the JRavenswood Miner) of a turbin fan with nine flanges attached to a horizontal wheel about two feet in- diameter, which re volves in a strong sheet-iron cylinder. Be neath the fan are rakes, which rotate simultaneously on the same axle. The whole rests in a circular pan a few inches larger than the cylinder. When in operation the lip of the cylinder will be supported slightly above the bottom of the pan containing the mercury, into which, however, it will just dip. The rakes will revolve at a level slightly above the surface of the mercury.. The machine is Belf-acting. Its motion is acquired by the con stant discharge upon the fan of the water and wash stuff from the sluice-box. As this stuff passes between the flange® of the fan it is kept in motion, and prevented from clogging by the action of the rakes beneath. The water within the cylinder, it is expected by the inventor, will have sufficient gravity to force its way against the resistance of the mercury beneath the lip of the cylinder, and carry with it pyrites, sand, &c;„ the gold remaining at the bottom of the pan. Dr. Beer anticipates that the pyrites and heavier suBstancea, after pass ing out of the cylinder, will remain floating on the mercury in the pan outside, but that the water and light substances will flow off, and the amalgamator thus be kept in good working order. He states that it can be easily attached to any quartz-crusher, and may be ad vantageously used for washing alluvium. For some months past a movement has .been on foot among the Friendly'Societies in' Adelaide for the purpose of forming an Insti tute, similar to Institutes existing in some of the neighboring colonies, haying, for- its: object medical attendance upon the wives and families of members. On Friday evening, January 26, the General Committee met to receive tbe report of a Sub-Committee which had been appointed to prepare rules and go into the details of the scheme. The following report was brought up and adopted :—" Your Committee have to report that they have had an interview with some of the principal medi cal men in Adelaide, and that the sum named by them, as the lowest ac which they could entertain the matter, is far beyond the amount calculated upon by the originators of the scheme, being £1 per member per year. They have also obtained tbe nam<>s, addresses, &c.;, of the members of the various Societies, and a list has been compiled by the Secretary showing the actual number of individuals who would be connected with the Institute. This list shows that the number of members who are connected with more than one Society is hot so great as' was calculated upon, thus' reducing, in a very large measure, the assumed income arising from this source. Taking the figures thus obtained, and the Bum named by the medical men, it appears to your Com- I mittee that the lowest amount per'member at j which the Institute could be carried out would ~i be 22s. 6d. per year, or a subscription of say 3d. per week per member in addition to present contributions. Your Convmitteej also, report having prepared a draft copy of rules for the working of the proposed Institute. Your Com mittee seeing that the.whole motion- -will have' to be referred back to the various -Lodges, Courts, &c.;, would recommend' that a meeting of all interested in the proposed Institute be held previous to the question .being dis cussed in the various Societies. Your Committee cannot but regret that they have been greatly hindered in the:discharge of. their duties by the apathy • and evident want of in terest in the movement shown by some of the Executive Officers in preparing and forwarding the returns asked for, in proof of which they may state that some were not received until the first week in Januaiy, and one is not yet re ceived." It was resolved that in accordance with the suggestion of the Sub-Committee, a meeting of all interested" should be held in the Town Hall on an early evening. 