AN UNEXPECTED CHANGE OF SUBJE0T8.' BT ICDQB OUSX. Ws vera all three medioal students— Ned ! Williams, Charley Barker, and myself. ! We bad reached a point in our studies at which tbe possession of an anatomical subject became an important desideratum. But how to get one, there was tbe rub. Very few people died in Plodderadale, and as those who did were mostlv patients of our worthy ore oeptor, the dootor, upon whom we depended to aot as demonstrator, and wbo, we were ?are, would never oonBent to go back, in deatb, on thoie who had trusted him in life, the diffi culties in tbe way of attaining our object ?earned well-nigh insuperable. But at last an opportunity offered. A man without friends or known relatives was to be hanged for murder. By means of a little well bestowed flattery, and the promise of our votes for a eeoond term, we suooeeded in ingratiat ing ourselves with tbe sheriff; and finally, f after a good deal of persuasion, induced that official to | r Jinise us tbe convict's body at the earliest prnotioul moment after tbe breath 'should be out ni it; not but we could have secured our prize anyhow—for there was Tiro Brady; the doctor's man, who, for what be would have culled a ' raisonable picayunery ooDBidberation,' stood ready to place his national proficiency in tbe use of tbe spade at our disposal any hour of the day or night, But with a view to certain contemplated gal vanic experiments, it was desirable to obtain possession of tbe subject before rigidity set io ; and tbat could only be done through the co operation of the sheriff. The arrangement made, and our honour pledged to keep it seoret. we were from time to time, singly and together, admitted to visit the prisoner, in whom we soon began to feel a sort of proprietory interest. * Tbe mora we saw of him the better we liked him. A well-developed, trim-built fellow, in the prime of life — for our purpose, and from our standpoint, he was perfect. To have heard us, after ench visit of inspection, reckoning up his points and explaining to wbat advantage he would out up, would have made your unprofessional fle«h creep. There was nothing indicative of malignity or viciousness in tho condemned man's ap pearance, and yet tbe deed whereof be stood convicted was one of the most cold-blooded atrocity. An old man of eccentric habits and great wealth, by whom he was employed as a domestic — the two living alone together — was found one morning murdered in his bed. Tbe prisoner was missing, but was subse quently apprehended with a considerable sum in his possession and visible traces of blood on bis garments, fie strenuously denied the murder, but admitted having stolen the money, his story being something like this : — He had been aroused from his sleep by loud groans, apparently proceeding from bis mas ter's chamber; on reaching wliob, after hurrying on his clothes, be found tbe latter lying on tbe floor weltering in his blood. He raised the wounded man in his arms and laid him on tbe bed, but in a few moments life wan extinct. Almost immediately the thought flashed upon him that tbe murder would be laid to him. The blood which lmd gotten upon his garments, and the fact that tbe deceased and himself were tbe sole in mates of tbe house, be felt would be accepted as conclusive proofs. His only safety, be believed, lay in flight. But for that, money was necessary. lie knew where his master's was kept, and having appropriated sufficient for his purpose, he started on a race for life in whicb, like many another, he failed to win. This acoount seemed innrariihlfl nnnno-h. and probably would have availed the prisoner but little, even bad the law, instead of closing bis mouth, permitted him to tell his own story. ^ As it was, there was nothing to perplex tbe jury. Tbey might have rendered their var dict without leaving, the bos, though tbey did leave it, for form's sake. It was guilty, of course. On the morning of tbe execution we at tended in a body, tbe sheriff having jpven us tickets of admission. We took an affecting leave ot the prisoner — less affecting, perhaps, than it would have been, had we not known j how soon we were to meet again. On tbe scaffold our man behaved admirably. In fact, we were quite proud of him. Ha listened to tbe death warrant with respectful attention ; joined devoutly in tbe prayers of the clergyman; made a neat little speech, protesting bin innocence ?and thanking' hi« friends — here he looked at Charley, Ned, and myself— and then told the sheriff that be was ready. The noose was adjusted, the oap drawn down, the bolt drawn, and with a heavy thud —I believe that's the reporter's word — tbe trap and its burden fell. ** In less than an hour we had come into our property, which Tim dumped from a sack on to tbe dissection table we had improvised in the dootor's back office, while tbe crowd were following a rough coffin filled witb brick-bats and old newspapers to its laBt unhonoured resting-place. ' Now for the battery 1 ' cried Charley, eager to begin. \- The plates were immersed, the wires at tached, the circuit completed' — whereof the body formed a part— and tbe acid began to siz. ? The efieot was electrioal in more than one1 sense. Tbe ' subiect ' o tinned his flVM. Hrflff I several quick, convulsive breaths, struck out briskly with its legs and arms, and finally kicking over thb apparatus, sprang to its feet. It is not going too far to say it Vras the liveliest kind of a corpse. . 'I tell you, gentlemen, ' it began, Tim bleiBBing himself the while, and tbs rest of ns staring in amazement, ' I'm not guilty of this mnrder; but I think I know who is.' The fellow was evidently labouring under the delasionlhtt he was still aiive end ad dressing tbe spectators from the scaffold, for whiob tbe table on wbioh he stood might well have, beep mistakes. , Just .before the drop fell, the prisoner, we remembered, had made a movement as though there wap something more be desired to say t bnt the sheriff, in hia trepidation, had failed to observe it, and at that instant tbe trap gave way. Hie gentleman was evidently dis posed to. embrace the present opportunity to resume the thread of his discourse. ' I think I know who u guilty,' he con tinued. 'It's my solemn belie!, and these are my -)ying words, that it's no other than Bob Biskej, ths murdered man's nephew, who fisH belr to bis property.' Electricity we knew .could work Wooden. Barter believe^t was lha vital prin ?jjih.llsdf, .wEchwastbe re— oawfcy,p»«ph were so thundering wicked. But even he could hardly give it credit for all thB present phenomena. The fact was, loth as we were to admit it, the man had come to lile and put in a claim to bis own carcase. Wbat to do with him was the next ques tion. Tbe exaot lepal - status was a knotty point. Had the law further claims upon him, or would the sheriff a return that he had hanged the prisoner by the neck till his body was dead, operate as an estoppel? At last we concluded it could do no barm to wait till night, and try tbe effeot on Bob Rickey, whose complicity in bis uncle's mur der bad been by many more than suspeoted, of a ruse suggested by Ned Williams, the details of whicb were soon settled. About bedtime we repaired with our re suscitated friend, ' aoooutred as he was,' and properly instructed, to the house in which Rickey, wbo was a bachelor, lived alone. Charley accompanied the late deceased to the door, and when it opened in response to the bell, stood snide and allowed his com panion to sntpr solus. Ned Willinmw and myself took our station at a window of the sitting-room into which Rickey conducted his visitor, and into whicb a light wns burning. The outside abutters were closed; but the sash curtains were up, and we Lad no difficulty in hearing and see ing through the open slats all tbat passed within. Onoe fairly in the light, our confederate threw aside the cloak tbat enveloped him, and stood revealed as he had come to our bands out of Tim's sack — bis arms pinioned, the un sightly cap on bis head, and tbe rope dang ling from his neck. Rickey uttered a loud shriek, and stag gered to tbe wall. The best actor tbat ever played Hamlet never, in the ghost scene, pictured terror as we tben beheld it. Tbe poor wretoh shivered like one in an ague, and through his chattering teeth begged, prayed, conjured, and confessed, till there was no longer a doubt left that the wrong man had been banged. The upshot of tbe matter was that another execution took place some months afterwards, and though tbe sheriff declined to enter into a new arrangement, thanks to Tim, we got hold of the body, and while Bob Rickey made but an indifferent ' subject ' compared with tbe first, and was far less sensitive to electrical influenoe, be possessed tbe advantage of not ooming to life on our bands. , 