BISHOP COLENSO. THE controversies of the present ago on ques- tions affecting the most important interests of man-his relations to his Creator, and his des- tiny beyond the grave-are viewed with appre- hensions or with hope, according as the muida of those who look upon them are most strongly imbued with a sense of the dangers of error, or with hopoful reliance on the power of truth. A late writer, a minister of the Church of , lüiiglaud, has left on record these noble sentences in reference to members of other churches : I do not nish to mako thom think as I think. But I waut that tlioy itud I should bo what wo protoud to ho ; nud then I doubt not wo should find, that thero is a common ground foi- 113 all far beneath our thinkings. For "truth" I hold not to bo that which ovory man trowcth ; but to bo that which lies nt tho bottom of all mon's ti-owiugs, thnt in which thoso trowings havo their only mcotiug jioiut. Those who regard religious faith as man's most precious inheritance, and at the same timo look upon it as a fabric built up of men's " trowings," must needs dread the busy spirit of investigation and controversy that is abroad. ThoBO who aro sure that thero is truth, firm as tho rock of ages, beneath all meu's," trowings," may readily believe that investigation and conti'oversy, if only they ave honestly conducted, must tend to make tho everlasting truth more and moro manifest. Towards u man occupying the prominent position of a Bishop of the Church of England, and taking a public stand for extreme views on some of the most exciting theological con- troversies of the day, as Dr. Colenso has done, -persons of the former class can hardly he expected to entertain any other senti- ments than those of resentment and un- qualified disapproval- whilo those of the latter class mny at least observe with patience, aud with some hope' as well as sorrow, the working out of the problems which ho has started. John William Colenso was born at St. Aus- tell, Cornwall, in 1814 His father, J. W. Colenso, Esq., of Lostwithiel, Cornwall, England, was an officer of the Duchy of Corn- wall. HÍ3 mother was a daughter of Thomas Blackmore, Esq., of Devonport. He attended in his boyhood the Proprietary School at Devonport, aud went from there to St. John's College, Cambridge, where ho graduated in 1830 as B.A., and, took the position of second wrangler and Smith's prizeman. In 1839 he took the degree of M.A. From 1838 to 18é2 he was mathematical master at Harrow. A large proportion of the schools _ through- out the British Empire aro familiar with some of the results of his mathematical studies, in the deservedly popular works on arithmetic, which bear his name. In 1846 ho became Rector of Fornett St. Mary, in Norfolk ; and continued .to occupy that sphere of duty until 1853, when ho was made a Doctor of Divinity, and consecrated first Bishop of Natal. This diocese was formed out of part of the diocese of Cape- town, in conséquence of tko,progvcss of popu- lation in tho British settlement of South Africa. The Bishop of Capetown became Metropolitan | of all the dioceses of South Africa and St. Heleua ; and to him Bishop Colensoi on his | appointment to the Diocese of Natal, took the | oath of canonical obedience. From the commencement ot Ins labours there, Dr. Colenso sought to bring the Zulus within the palo of the Christian Church. He undertook, with this great object in view, the work of translating the Holy, Scriptures into the Zulu tongue This missionary labour was followed by unexpected results. His attempt to place before the Zulus in thoir own tongue the contents of the books hold sacred among Christians, was the occasion of loading him. to tho conviction that ho was called upon to sub- mit to tho Christian Church thoso questions and opinions which havo exposed him to sen- tence of deposition. Ho has thus described the change wrought iu his viows during his labours at the translation of the Biblo into the Zulu language : In this work I havo hoon aided by intelligent nativos : nnd having nlao published n Zulu grammar and dic- tionary, I hnvo acquired sufficient knowlodgo of tho lnngungc, to havo intimnto communication with tho nativo mind, so na not only to freely avail myself of thoir criticisms, hut to approoiuto fully thoir difficulties and objoctions. Thus, howovor, it has happoncd that I havo been brought faca to faco with questions which caused me somo uneasiness in formor days, but \\\ ith rcspoct to iilncli I was then ouablod to satisfy my mind sufficiently for practical purposoa ; and I had fondly hopod lo havo laid the ghosts of thora at last for over. Ouo difficult question Which at au early stage of his work in translating the Bible was brought before him by the objection of his Zulu interpreter, was in regard to the second of these two verses-iu Exodus 21: 20, 21, " if a man smito his sorvant or his maid with a rod, and ho die under his hand ; ho sholl be surely punished. Notwithstanding, if ho continue a day or two, ho shall not be xmmshed ; for ho is his money." The Zulu could not perceive any -justice in the rulo that when a master beat his servant so sovoi'cly as to cause his death, yet if the servant lingered to the third day before ho expired, the master should bo exempt from all punishment j and that, on tho ground that "he is his rnonoy." Dr. Colenso had, therefore, the alternative forced upon him, of alui-ining solemnly that this was the commandment of the Just Lord of neaven and earth, or of admitting that words had by some means been inserted in the Bible that could not be regarded as u part of tho Word of God.', Few, it may be supposed, will on consideration, maintain that piety requires us to assert the Divine inspiration of the rule as it appears in our Bible. The supposition of a mistranslation, or if that is untenable, of an interpolation by some uninspired writer, would probably nppeav to most persons, if called upon to decido such a matter, to be less irreligious than the assertion that such a rulo over expressed the just and perfect will of God. Dr. Colenso admitted the force of tho objoction; and resolved to ro considor tho whole subject of the authority of tho Pentateuch. He commonced this inquiry in 1861. In the following yeal", ho published tho first part of his work-"Tho Pontateuoh and book of Joshua critically oxamincd." His general con- clusion ho has placed on record in theso words : Tlio rosult of my enquiry is this, that I havo arrived at the conviction, as painful to myself nt first ns it may ho to my reader, though painful now no longor under tlio clear shining of tho light of truth,-thnt tho Ponliitoitch us n whola onunot possibly bavo boon witton by Moses, or by tiny ono aoqunntiod with tho fncts whioh it proposes to doscribo. Shortly before tho publication of this work, on tho Pontateuoh, Dr. Colenso had had issued a now translation of St. Paul's opistlo to tho HomauB, with a commentary in which tho opistlo was " explained from a mis- sionary point of view ¡" tins book was found to contain Btiitomonts dcoidodly different to tho received doctrineB of tho Christian ohuroh. Early in 1863, the Bishop of Capetown, ns the Metropolitan to whom in tho first iustaneo Bishop Colenso was considered to bo amenable, instituted proceedings against him, founded on tho views put forward m thoso two books. Tho citation was dated 18th May, 1803, and was served. upon Bishop OOIOUBO, in London, on the 1st July. >, On .'tho ; 17th November, in the same year, in St. George's .Cathedral, Cape- town, commenced the trihi of Dr.'Colenso, Bishop of Natal, on "charges of erroneous teaching." The Right Rev. Dr. Gray, Bishop of Capetown, and Metropolitan, presided at the trial, and was assisted by his suffragans, I Dr. Ootterill, Bishop of Grahamstown ; and Dr. Twells, Bishop of the Orango I Free State. The accusers wero Dean Douglas (of Capetown), and Archdeacons Merriman (of Graham's Town), and Bagnall (of I George). Dr. Bleek, curator of the Gray Library, at Capetown, attended as the friend ' of Dr. Oollonso, to protest against the pro- ceedings. , The grounds of the acousation wero set forth in nine schedules containing extracts from the two works above-mentioned. Tlie most important issue raised in the view at all evonts, of many churchmen, -was as to the meaning of the word " for ;"--whether it is equivalent to " instead of," or only " on behalf of," that is, " for the good of." Dr. Colenso, admitting, the truth of the, proposition that " Christ died for us," maintained that "for",in this momentous sentence does not mean " in- stead of,"-thus denying what is termed the doctrino of " Substitution." In another part of the same book however, Dr. Colenso oxxjresscs an opinion which the "Bishop's tribunal con- demned for ascribing not less, but more than orthodoxy teaches, to tho redemption of Christ. Commenting on the -words of the apostle, that " the creature (or creation) itself also shull bo delivered from tho boudago of corruption into tho glorious liberty of the children of God, he wrote thus : I cannot shut my oyes to tho truth which thoso words appear so clear] y to imply, that there is n hopo in tho counsels of infinito wisdom and lovo, for nil for all tho creature, for the whola human raoo that foil in Adam, und has boon gloriously rodeomed in Christ. , In _exx>lanation of the purpose he had in view in, his criticism on the Pentateuch, he cxpresse'd this hope : ' i It may bo that tho timo is near nt hand, in tho order- ing of God's providence, whou tho way shall bo opened tor tho wida extousion of missionary vi ork among tho heuthen ; « bon that worn which now languishes, « hich cannot maka progress among them, either among tho ignorant Zulu or tho loarnod Hindoo, shall no longer bo impeded by tho, necessity of our laying down, at tho very outset, stories Uko these for their rocoption, which thoy can often match out of their onn traditions, and requiring Minn, upon pain of eternal misery, to believe, in them all unfcigncdly. j Ho hoped that bishops might have the sane- , tion of the Church ia ordaining intelligent and devout converts, who wore willing and prepared to preach among their heathen countrymen tho unsearchable riches of Christ, even if they were not able to give full credence to all that is con taincd in the Bible and Prayer-book. Dr. Bleck, after the reading of the charges in the nine schedules, read a letter from Bishop Colenso, dated " London, October 5th, 1803," in which tho accused bishop admitted the pub- lication of the words contained in the charges, and then said : Dut I claim that tha passngos extraolcd bo read in connection with tho rest of tho works from which thoy uro taken. > And I deny that tho publication of theso passages, or any of thorn constitutes any offence ngainBt tho laws of tho TJnitod Church of England und Ireland. I have instructed Dr. Block (1) to protost against your Lordship's jurisdiction ; (2.) To rind this letter ns my defonco, if your Lordship should assume to cxorciBO jurisdiction ; (3.) If you should pronounce judgment against mo, to givo you notice that I shall appeal from such judgment. No other defence was offored. The Dean of Capetown and the Archdeacon of Graham's town and of George occupied two days, with their speeches in suppcrt of the charges. After an adjournment of tho Court, Bishops Gottorill and Twcll, as assessors, gave their opinion on the case, at great length. The former concluded in these words : I cannot but concludo, m st painful as it is to mo to arrivé at such n, conclusion respecting ono »horn I uould continuo to, esteem .> aud love,-that hv tho falso teaching; proved against him ,tho Bishop I Jins wholly, disqualified himself,-unless ho shall non openly rotract and rovoko this his falso teaching,-for bearing rulo in tho Church of God, und for tho euro of souls therein ; and that ho cannot consistently with tho Inws of our Cburoh, unless ho sholl thus rotract his errors, retain any longer tho office of Bishop of. tho Dioceso of Natal. The? other Bishop assessor took ii similar view of the question, - and with expressions of deep regrot declared his solemn conviction that Bishop Colenso could no longer be looked up to as a toaoher of truth-could no longer be regarded as fit to remain in his high ofhee as a Bishop of tho Church of Christ. On tho 16tb December the Metropolitan delivered judgment. In the course of the observations ne made in justification of tho sontenco ho said of Dr. Colenso .. Tlio Bishop, to do him justico, is sufficiently out- spoken. Ho does not conceal that ho no longer boliovcs n great deal that the Church teaches out of Holy Scnpturo, and lins embodied, in her formularies. He docs apouly and avowedly impugn, assail, deprave, and endeavour to bring into disrepute tho Book of Common Frayor.' On these and other grounds, tho Metro- politan pronounced the following sentence : Now, theroforo wo, in tho exercise of our jurisdiction aforesaid, do hereby sontenco, adjudge, and decrco tin said Bishop of Natal to bo deposed from tho said offici us such Bishop, nnd to bo fuithcr,prohibited from tbr oxcrciso of any Divino office within any part of thi metropolitan province of Capetown. Dr. Colenso, who had secured sound legal advice before Bcndinghis reply to the citatiou, appealed against this sentence of deposi- tion by potitaon of complaint to the Queen, as sovereign of the realm and, head of the Church of England. His petition was pre- sented to the Queen in the spring of 180-1, and referred to the judicial committeo of the Privy Council. It was argued in the following I December. . The counsel for the Bishop ol' I Capetown, in support of the sentence, on these I points :-? (1.) That tho Queen's Letters Patent conferring on lum tho office of Bishop of Cupotown aud Metropolitan, gnva him nuthority to axorciso coorcivo jurisdiction over his suffrngnn Bishop, with no appeal .but to the Arahbishop of Canterbury -, (2), that tho oath of canoni- cal obodionco to tho Bishop of Copeton n, taken by the Bishop of Natal, bouud bim ns n matter of contract, to submit to tho jurisdiction of tho Metropolitan ; (3), that if nono of thoso reasons wero valid, tho Bishop of Natal had no right to como to tho sovoroign asking, for a declaration ol' invalidity; as, in that casa ho might treat tho sontenco ns a nullity nnd if necessary nppcnl to tho civil ti ¡bunal at Natal to protcot him against tho con- sequences of that sentence Judginont was given on tho 20th March, 1805, whon tho judges agreed in the following conclusion :-1. That tho Letters Patent ap- pointing n bishop in a colony which had an in- dependent Legislature bad not' the force of law. 2. That no coorcivo authority was con- ferred by such Letters Patent. 3. That tho oath of canonicial obedience tuleen by Dr. Colenso did not confer upon the Metropolitan jurisdiction over him. 4. That thiB was a question tvhich the Queen had a right to .decide.' The conclusion of tho matter was recorded in .theso wordB :-" Their lordships, thoroforo, will humbly report to her Majesty thoir judgment and opinion that the proceedings taken by tho Bishop of Capo town, and tho judgment or sentonco pronounced by him against the Bishop of Natal, are null i and void in law," Thus ondcd the attempt of the Metropolitan of the church in' South Africa to exercise discipline upon his offonding Suffragan. Tho ¿k.rchbÍBhop of Canterbury was urged to tako action in tho matter. But in conscquonco, as it scorns, cither of some doubt as to tho justico and propriety of tho oourso taken by the Bishop of Capetown, or of an apprehension that tho laws of tho realm would not bear him out ÍD endeavouring to render Bishop Colenso amonablo to ecclesiastical jurisdiction, ho has declined to intorfero. And, Bishop Colenso still continues in full possession of the dignity and power of tho episcopate. Tho failure of_thio attempt to onforco dis« cipline upon the Bishop of Natal arouspd strong feelings of 'disappointment and indig- nation among churchmen. As an illustration of the sentiments entertained towards him by many of the clergy and lay members of his church, wo subjoin somo stanzas, by a Rector, who thought that "juBt sarcasms," such as -Elijah used when no mooked, the Priests of Baal, would bo the most effective way of deal- ing with "Bishop ColenBo's plausible absur- dities." , . (Tuna-" Itoblnson Crusoe.") An nrlthmotto teacher, of Gospel no pruachcr. Worked on with lils rider and pen BO, Tlint bound in red tan«, lio was sont to tlio Cape, As Blsliopjolin Wlllluin Colenso. But his fondness for figure* wita fatal To tenoning the (»opio of Natal ; For early mid laic making sums on a slate. Couldn't mako any Oln-lstlanB lu Natal. Oiconus i Oil, for poor Bishop Colenso, Disinterested Bishop Colenso I lils ECU lie still keeps, and Its benefit» reaps ; So unearthly is Bishop Colenso. So ho scanned tlio five books With a pedant's smart looks, Full suro ho had found a morn's nest, Sir ; For he found that a priest omild not au-ry u beast Hy himself, though ho did lils I>1« best. Sir. But lio uses his critical knife 111 Quito mlNiinderRtuudlng tho " hlplill "* Which means "tocausa others" to do what bim botliors, , l'or such is tho use of tho "hlplill." j Ononus i I Oh for poor Bishop Golunso, Xe. But sure 't«ns n pity n critic so witty Wusn't picscnt to nitinbor the dishes Of the multitude fud on ii fou' Ion es of bread And a lew inslfrulflcaiit flehe«. Fur ho'd calouliiui nil to a '1', Sir, Aud toll you the thing oould not bo, Sir, That omnipotent Power cuuld not make lu nu hour What Lilies a whole season to bo. Sir. But as that samo Lnnl, « ho did this by lils IN ord, Bears witness to ¿loses as true. Sli ; Though tho Bishop Is loth to dlsliononi them both. If consistent, 'tis what bo must do. Sir. So let him piovo honest and truo. Sir, Ko loiigot- decch o mo or 301, Sir t But come forth lil ruble's guise. Bay tim llililos uti iles! Nut alone tlio old books, but tlio nci\\. Bli ! Cuoims But alas for pool Bishop Colenso ! Should ho proie thus far honest with men so. His Seo ho cuu't keep, nor Its benelitj leap. But must sink down to simple Colonso. Sous this would not do,-with 1'iisoy mid crew. They'll tell 3 011 oin Climcli ('no3 not bind them ; Though hei \10rrts uio so plain, to escapo thomscoins lain. Such wisdom ns theirs need not mind thurn. Oh »hut n skilful dei Ice, Sir ! What crltloul wisdom, so nine. Sil-1 With raine, and with Homo, her arcat truths to disown, Of lier inconio to cot a good slice. Sir. Oh for poor Bishop Colenso, S.o. Besides tho, publications bearing on the great controversy in which _ he has been engaged, Bishop Colenso has written several works relat- ing to practical questions connected with mis- sions to the heathen. And from the ability ho ? has shown in this part of hi3 work, it is the I moro regretted,' by those of his fellow-ohurch mon who regard him with mingled feelings'of disapproval and sympathy, that he has deemed it his duty to turn away his attention from the , work of evangelizing the Zidu Kafirs of Natal, ! and strive to alter the current of religious thought in Christendom. [ " " niphll" is the ciui»:itl\e form of the Hebrew icrb, i meaning, as stated In the next Uno of the staii7a, " to cause others" to do the net. I --_____________________-_____________ 