THE FLANEUR IN SYDNEY. Having bidden an affectionate farewell to our beloved Parliament, it next behoves us to see what else is going on, here or elsewhere. Do you believe in ghosts ? Be cause, in the late papers from England I have lighted upon a rather choice piece of the semi-horrible, with reference to supernatural appearances consequent upon the late bloody doings in France. The Paris correspon dent of an Adelaide paper gives the following : Accompanied with a friend land two lured detectives, i visited a few eights ago the Hue Haxo, where 50 hostages priests, soldiers, journalists, and policemen— were barba rously shot by the Commune during the last days of its Beign of Terror. The bodies were thrown into a oooimou cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of tho victims ap peared every night as phosphorescent figures. We took up position before midnight, and remained till 2 in the morning, when churchyards are supposed to cease to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only the falling rain. The police, who were on the look- out for the persons who ' do the spirits,' were also disappointed, although at one tame they believed they were on the eve of success on seeing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figures on Uie houses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Notwithstanding the ineredolity of the correspondent as t3 the spiritual appearances in question, he evidently thinks that there is something in the story, and a thrill of deep interest is inspired by the idea of these ghosts of the hostages haunting the spot of their murder, and perhaps inspiring as much terror as the head of Marshal Saxe did, when it rolled into the room before- his nephew. But apropos of Marshals, does not the fol lowing historical sketch show badly for the chances of Marshal Bazaine P Only fii-e marshals of France have been tried for their lives by regular tribnnals, and all five were found guilty and exe cuted. Marshal da Bete, who was the first' holder of the highest military dignity in France, was brought to trial for high treason, or rather for repeated acts of rebellion against the authority of his liege lord, John VI., Duke of Brittany. Found guilty not*only of the crime with wh:ch he was origi nally charged, but of others still more heinous, the Marshal de Betz was hanged and his body burned in 1440. The next offender was Marshal Biron.tlie friend and companion in arms of Henry IT. In spite of all the favours heaped on him by his Royal master. Marshal Biron was found guilty of conspiracy with the King of Spain against the first of the Bonrbons. Henry IT. would have pardoned him if he would havn con fessed his crimes ; but on his refusal to admit his guilt, the King allowed sentence to be carried ont, and Marshal Biron was decapitated on the Place de Grevc in 1002. Marshal de Mareillac, who was executed in 1632 for conspiracy and rebellion against Cardinal Bichelieu, was the third marshal of France who perished on the scaffold. Marshal de Mont morency, who was executed in. the game year on a similar diarge, was another of the victims of the Cardinal . The last of the marshals of France who have undergone a capital sentence was the best known and most celebrated of them all. Marshal Ney, shot on December 7, 1815, for fidelity to his old aHd treachery to his new master. But Marshal Bazaiue is the first marshal of France arraigned on ft charge of bad conduct in the face of the enemy. The comet has turned out such a complete humbug that the venerable astrologer who predicted its coming deserves to be tarred and feathered. On Thursday ? ' night, the immense circle, or halo around the moon attracted the attention and excited the curiosity of numerous youthful volunteer astronomers is the streets who, from their great experience and long practice in the taking of lunar observations, ought to have made no mistake as to the luminary they were now gazing at, but who set off in full cry with — 'The comet! The comet !' But no comet has yet put in an appearance, and the expected visitor has probably put off his journey, if he ever really intended to come. In the meantime, the weather portents are remarkable. Yesterday opened with a lovely English Spring morning, so cheering and xhilarating that even a cripple might have felt nclincd to bowl a hoop or play at leap-frog. This was followed in the afternoon by a heavy, chill, October damp ; and at night came down a deluge sufficient to put to Bcorn Dr, Southey's description of the hearty | manner in which ' the waters c6me down at Iiodore.' So I suppose that, in the absence of the comet wo shall be favoured with another sensation in tho shape of floods on the coast, I hope that we shall not have wrecks Ob the coast also. I am reminded that we arc now within three days of the fifteenth anniversary of the wreck of the Dunbar at Sydney Heads, and to use, with all reverend', the words of a pious and amiable lady who was drowned in the steamer Sovereign at Moreton Bay many years ago, ' God Keep us,' from such another calamity. 'Seven years' hard labour on the roads or other public works of Vke colony.' Such was the sentence passed yesterday, at the Central Criminal Court, upon the two cabmen who had been indicted for the assault and robbery committed upon a person named Bussell, whom they hod taken out in a cab to the Parramatta rood, near Annandole, and there dealt with on the garroting system. Perhaps, if the law had authorised Mr. Justice Cheeke so to do, he would have added a small taste of the cat o' nine tails, for his Honor stated that this was one of the most gross cases of the kind that ever came before him, and animadverted upon tho fact of the public being subjected to such treatment on the part of persons employed in situations of ^ as the ^ prisoners, Edward Howard and John Timnrins, were. However, gross and atrocious as the case was, it was not what is usually called a case of garroting. It was simply a case of robbery ,'withviolence,,on the Queen's Tiighway, for whi6h, if the iulprite hodbeen convicteda few years ago, they would not have been flogged or sent to hard labour, but simply hanged by the neck until they were dead. In the case of the unfortunate girl Hannah Jane Wood, charged with the awful crime of murdering her newly-born infant, the jury took a merciful view, and found her guilty only of concealing the birth. The case was surrounded by circumstances invoking pity and compassion, which need not by any means be taken as implying sympathy with crime. Talking of courts and juries, l.'see that all sorts of juries — coroner's juries and criminal court juries — have resolutely set their faces against convicting or punish ing persons who knock down and run over helpless passengers in the streets, so that this kind of amuse ment may in future be indulged in at pleasure. Mary Maloney's death is pronounced to be purely on accident : and now the way in which cabs, carriages, spring vans, dog-carts, and all descriptions of vehicles are driven through the streets, meeting each other at every pos sible description of angles, while all corners of the streets are blocked up with hear; drays and horses, might remind one of the imitations of the ancient Eoman chariot races and fights, at Astley's Boyul Amphitheatre. Nobody need mind running over any body else now. The thing is only considered as a good joke. After the clear exposition of the law upon the -subject by the coroner the other day, it is edifying to see the manner in which the drivers of furniture and parcels-delivery vans stand up in their carts, urging their fiery steeds, with whip and rein, to 'go in and win.' I suppose that the old remedy prescribed by Sidney Smith is the only one that will meet the case. Where is the Judge of the Supreme Court, or the venerable Prelate, who will sacrifice himself on this occasion, and get knocked down and run over in order that others may go on their wayi in peace and seountyP The protest of Cardinal Cullen against Mr. Justice Keogh's judgment at; Galway, is a clever and telling document, but presents some email blemishes, which are easily visible to the naked eye. There is a smart little bit of tickling under the wing for the loyalists. The Cardinal, referring to the Judge's praises of Oliver b CromweU-a bloodthirsty oppressor and a regicide spoke of the Protector as the man who had caused the death of King Charles, from whom her Majesty Queen Victoria was descended. This was a bid for loyalist sympathies ; but, /or the matter of that, the Queen is rather descended from King Charles, further than himself, (tracing her descent from the Princess Elizabeth daughter of tho gentle Jamie, and suier of King Charles, and who married the r Elector Palatine. However, the idea of bringing oyaKr to the Queen into the case against the Judge was not a bad one. I want to get away from the subject and leave it to the mature consideration of wiser and I better men, so I launch off into an expression of regret I that there should have been a quarrel between two of I our respectable city undertakers, involving an appeal to arms and an appeal to the District Court. Gentlemen who have a common interest in the lives, but moro especially in the deaths, of the whole community, and who must have bad, and will have, their share in the roaring trade that has been done and will be doing, ought to be united in a more genial way, and let dogs delight to bark and bite, for 'tis their nature to. By the way, who remembers Caleb Quotem, in ' The Wags of Windsor?' I think he did almost everything for the people of his village— from helping to bring them into the world, and|baptising them, to burying them ; and here I find, in a paper published nuder the glorious shadow of the Star-spang'ed Banner, the following reference to a similarly handy man : Terre Haute has a professional man-of-all-work, named Springer. He married a couple one day, and the next day he sold them furniture for their new home ; shortly after he attended the wife in the rapacity of a physician : as s. conse quenceoftbispartof his work, he soon acted as undertaker at her funeral, and on the following Sunday proached her funeral sermon. Not long after he married the widower to another lad}', thus beginning tiie old process over again. Now I dare say it would take a clever fellow to dis cover the connection between the matters in this para graph, but there is a connection, nevertheless, between the Priest, and the Judge, and the Undertaker, and the ' professional man-of-all-work,' who does part of the business of the whole of them. I see by the Fiji papers received yesterday that more exciting scenes had occurred in that pleasant little paradise Levuka, and that the barristers, or acting bar risters, or sneking barristers have been coming to log gerheads with each other. A gentleman bearing an honoured and historical name, not unknown in the British courts of justice in former times— the name of Turpin to wit, applied for leave to practice in the Supreme Court, when the application was opposed by Mr. Hurt, and the Chief Justice suspended it for six months. Dick Turpin (if that is his name) met Burt afterwards and pitched into him, lor which, after throwing a glass of water in the face of the assailant, Burt pulled him up for a Breach of Privilege, in assaulting a member of the Legislature. Turpin was brought to the bar— no un familiar place with bis famous namesake, awl seemed likely to get into trouble, when finally the House let him off. S There was some excitement abont an antici pated remittance of cash to the Treasury of Cacabau, but it didn't come. The Fiji Times has the following about it :— The long-expected loan from New Zealand, and which was to arrive by the first vessel from that place, did not come to hand by the Frima Donna. Neither do any of the passengers or the captain of that vessel know anything about it, and they are very sceptical on the matter. Some one tays tbat Mr. Woods has innocently confided in some speculator, who promised him £5000, ' or £50,000, for that matter, if you desire it.' and lie's been deceived. We hope that thecaah is on board the Sea Gull, and many of our readers will reiterate that wish. The Sea Gull, eh i I fancy that die whole affair will turn out to be a matter more closely affecting the Land Gulls, and not uulike our celebrated Kohn Loan. 