i si y, ovxircrt-h u ' ' ' Uu l'Apride there isof nto-iwau ofbirU. ,J A prideof ;'t ;; ' . t£© it — "''i-' 0-!i r K-JL O , Tfaefrae;of snobbiflhneflB cpuld.hardIyof»«d toan this, i OhelHtooracy t Ttoiauir tfejgS Btiiiolarihq ; afyekUkefe vtost he km rewhSto pMfjijfof whl "0 j&itotione; under. £1 % drawe the line atvgiTera of 19a; llfd. will thiB Honorary Traasurwrp-? ' frrf tofey mMhaveread'how,o(iee jma tinw said, " Tins widow hidh eastmmeiwfew all they which have east into toe treasury : JWafi they cast in of .their abuhdauo" In daya thiease .weren't, any newspopera for the p«. cocky people to blow their trumpets. in. : jmriw thqugh this wretched pride of pounds 100 IflPOP h 4mfe.'g|5 place. It xesndl km M toe rimp who, Tented ;a pew all te hima Country tome Whenv and eiwaysmade it a wdftll sit throngh the riioe, oOnteary to toe oustcmcf 'the congregation. The parson caihdto Udc tts meaning pf torn, and then the pride of th« hirer of the pewoame out " Why,',' eaid he, h joq never csti expect me to stand, when ! pay form sitting ? It's enough for the eommoo people to .dothat,"! . One can't underatand why people will go on givipg their female daughters ridiealoui:aBS% vrhen they've so many real, old, pretty namsi to pWk and chooae Irani. I know a fot girl when! debtor parcels, and ber name is Jtiaephozie Mtimd, Eleanor Jukbs ! There's a mixture for yep, Why not plain, beautiful, ample Mazy, Lor Martha, or Agfhti or Lucy, or Ellen, or Rita dr Grace, or ffaue, and eo forth. X rather put toy foot down ok Jequm® Geoqguia, Thnmyin Billy miaa, and that ki&d; of compound. Row would it do for people fond ot giving their gab lopg- w|nded nainee, fo nee' up foreign countriw f MXsf MMopotamia, Guatemala Brown would fee 1 startler, at Mm. ffamwrhafcka Jonee. After |D, |h| oianamte,like Ohl tongej and oldwinw-telite for etiuyday wear. muMoti oritice, toati aa egm 'iiopr dpi # "theahrh half crtusy' by htelling up to A, »d get(i|igjtate iwn ajain Without toytekfetoea . toe optiar !eoifyqgot : IOW, f thi» U a-iSBflti matter. It.mustto eettled. If.ooliutlieiefaa ' then T'wy hbhfiy let toe Cfovenmltot- J -to polish it off ffbwA kand'Wdte itvont .nb bfovr te (heeadf ul noee, and let it kwftoii opera iwiiieii; "Our r" ih when public teachers aon't know A ftid jv eoaiaaof«etei«L>: : folio wingtimt a guehing IkwsdPin Pw toe Umtoralty Bokft Rete to a Paris psp- arp ing after toe 7»oe h0 ti#Mee Lehdmi by iqeen, itoo retum to teWu anflnwF tizf ieir lnainJ tet the 'ototeteto se gw» toh Bhrhfrp of Lohdo» cotidp: a pbwe on Am Anr-lNMt, whioh <eB-bo«W fellomd IT S€:i :> I:.' i"- A whtie-fet of thfoge Want to be eetrii 'em over to my y®nd, and philoeopher, Dato thve done mtacgiKg < lrh«M when dfiti iSte? lot betoadamto RoyalCmimeeion , Did you go to the free, light aboufe fipustem? HAqutorgamtotlMAin bouudtoy toattoo SiArMetetoeie behaved wbland »Meai> cantea toeir PMQM in forir fiaoee, had h paid way 'tto '«. SfeJS? toioere. Ify beloved ewi» who'to pikers, know in a modeet way. toieret being mieteken, that toe htoefWi m tea with pitkfhoe. An te too |iat» aad nolhing.more. Jttortod gm :lS>a of totday ieemt lor j em. EJjKjjlWh 18 three years ©M, and toiilAifjfc «Vn'ftMODhVk i«ht out ef His ownhead; f'sWhjBP Jwghty-Jiif' go;;t hearen, marbles attajMfrom'em there, andgie 'em to the angels/' tS. ;;;; ';;; ;;; ;;; Going qolbr three yeark ago, I made remarks about spirits, which Misters Blair toil Tyerman will find mtoesb papers ,,of .November gth, 1869. Tjpey're too long to give otot Agal| i but on theiBw of dctober .'of that «amej;yearrl tried the s£yrto⁣ : capelin retorehce to the' matter. The long paper-had more sense in it, and the short 0qe m?re nonsense. That's the reason I give the abort one " The sirith ehbout' again? but the spirit are mostly square gini Itfsa funny thing that, whenever you hear "of 'these, rappers, you get a lot of sham spiritato cheer up tfaecoin pany, and J td make out that ghosts are just as ordinary eud cheap as hsh&jjn; of parliament;, gome of 'em can't Spell jeome rap nonsense, but til rap raps/ : What I wantto know is, who was the first iriventor of these raps F Who made an alphabet out . of 'em, an&fcranslsted; 'em into eommon language? Than , again why sodM spirits ring bells, like early milkmen, or rouse the furniture about like upholsterers ? Or why should thsy etumpabout in dark passages with topboote on F The ghost of a pair of bluchers 1 Not being a shoemaker, I can't' believe there's any spirit in boots. A clever man once wrote 2 The king dom of the dead is wide — to Ay should the ghosts jostle us V He was right. We aren't up to the spirit-level quite ; and don't get any further than talking 'em hot with sugar. Anyhow they oughtn't to be trifled with. A spirit that goes into partnership with a mahogany table in the rapping business, can't be much account ; but I don't care about seeing him starred up to amuse silly people, and to set foolish tongues a-wagging. Let 'em alone, and never wonder about what you can't understand. Pay your butchers' apd bakers' bills, subscribe to the Benevolent Ashim, don't rob anybody more than you can help, leave off telling lies ; if you find a stray shilling, give it to the poor, put your dirty pride' in ycur pocket, and then you'll have a chance to bp a respect able spirit yourself, without any tastefor going fooling about at tea-parties frightening the muffins and crumpets, and making old women unhappy." An able-bodied philosopher, and friend of mice, baa -written a "few words to me from London about this spiritualism, and ashe's: strong on science, and things, I give thefje wofds of his as follows ; — " You have no doubt; seen J Orooke's experiments. Crooke, however, is not a safe man, and it is leak ing out that SpHler/who was present at one of the stances, has got on -the track of the mechanical means emploed by Home. I speak from hearsay only. I tak6 considerable interest in the inquiry have assisted at a few jea«ces, at wbich more or less ridiculous things were said and done, but there was no tangible outcome. I have noticed, however, that the believers in the force (spirit or othei) are, as a rule, untrustworthy witnesses j they are apt — unconaciensly, perhaps— to magnify molehills into mountains, and eager to see force manifestations when the 'effects are merely such as would happen in the ordinary course of things? in plain English, they are highly gullible, and this even in face of the fact that in ordinary affairs of life they are apparently shrewd, com mon-sense men/' A horrible suspicion haunts, some honest souls that it's easier to get into the Yarra Bend then it is to- get out. Somehow the return of reason and the return of liberty don't seem ,to go together? and this makes one feel uncomfortable. Have there bean men and women in the Asylum kept thereby designing people after they'd recovered ? Is there any sane ; manor woman in the place now P If so, who's to blame F Fancy the dreary horror of waking up in your senses among " a parcel of tilling maniacs, and idiots : ImBgine the still drearier horror of being kept there against your will because it isn't convenient to let you out, or because your beloved-frlends are mot-axxioua for your pleasant society, after looking upon, you as dead end gone, so to speak ! I draw this bow- "at a venture;" and ask .whether the infamy of keeping a sane man or woman confined as a lunatic is, or is not possible in Victoria ! Can the mad. doctors go down oh; their nanrpw-fipnes, jahd swear that every humanbeing undo' theirehaige is ? Has any poor wrerch eversbrieked within hail of iheee jnadoctors, and in an agory of conscious sanity t by Heaven : No, by Heaven, I am pot md ?" In cne word, ought a restored patient to remain a single day among surroundings terrible anough to sendlum mad Again ?_. As they say m Parliament, I pause for a reply j — and mean Jo get one before I've done. The gentle Town-clerkwrites to TheDaily Telegraph (hat he can't ©mell the smells, and that "the officers of the Corporation " are in the eame predicament. - Nobody expects 'em to. The officers of the Corporation are not troubled that way. They're picked for it, and so are their noses. If any eommon white man prowlB through the streets at dusk, he asks for these officers of the Corporation, and Echo replies with a stench loud enough to knock a scavenger- vulture off his perch. Echo comes up from the gutters, like a zephyr, and lets you know what o'clookit is, viz., the time of day when the "officers of the Corporation" have retired to rooet in the suburbs. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. A THiBF running away is a scamp ; but a f >lioeBMm'e cbas9 after bim is a foampefc j 