THE GREAT FIRE AT YEDO. # Tho 4 Japao Eveniog Mail ' of April 9 has given tho following account of tho great fire wbioh happened id that capita); aud remarks tbat tbo only conflagration which could bo compared with it took placo ' eighteen years a«o. Two square miles of a crowdod oity oro ( laid wasto ; 30,000 people ore rendered home- less; 10,000 houses have been burnt, and from 250 to 850 persons havo been killed. Tho fire broke out at a quarter past 3 p.m. on Wednesday, April 3, in an Aidzu Yashiki, within tho second moat of the castle. A gale was raging at tbo timo, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Sud denly tho firo jumped, as -it were, tbo two raotits, the intervening roads, nnd a wholo block of houses, aod thou 'struck a Japanese house, and tritb almost ,tho speed of lightning rushed onwards towards tho Tokaidn. Moon- while tho firo also worked in tbo other direc tion against tho wind, and burned up tho block of houses which had beforo escaped. iTho space between tho castle and tbo Tokoido 'tis now nothing but a hoap of ruins, with hero and thoro a mad godowo standing uninjured like tho ghost of the houses that beforo sur- rouoded it. 'Not ooo stone remuins. standing on another, not ono bouso has. C30aped tho gonoral destruction ; from tho Nihon Bashi downword in a line with Tskidji, and from tho castle to tho sea, is ono bare field Of deso lation and ruiu. Crossing tho Tokaido, tho houses have been burnt in every direction, and the peoplo rendered houseless havcc&uipod; out. Dejected and . sorrowful thoy sit in groups round a mat or blankot on whioh is spread a little food; tholr misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with tho thousands who aro houseless it is impossible for any but Government to administer relief. Moving on, wo come to tho temple of Mod soki, of which nothing remains but a bronze vase, widely used to 'stand in tho centre of the tetnplo. Walls, roof, everything has gone, and this vase only remains to point out the spot whore tho torople once stood Tbe stono wall which runs along thn strcot at this point had evidently beco licked by tho flames, for tho faco of the stono was calcined, and orum bled away at the touch. And hero wos to bo seen a toaching sight. Somo poor man who bclioved that ho would bo sheltered by tho wall, had brought all his housohold proporly and furniture, and laid it in the road, when the fl'itno came, and all that was loft was a hoap of ashes. Again further on wo como to tho French hotel, of which nothing Is left but tho cooking apparatus, and piled away in a heap is a mass of twisted irno,onco the hodsteads of tbe bote). Close by bos been another instance of good fortune, for tbo'Eoglish consulate and Mr. Sio- hold's bouse have entirely escaped damage, though the palings havo been burnt in many places. Such good fortuoo as this is rare in deed, nrd the only houses within tho burnt district wbicb have been saved ore Waters' and those on the English consulate compound. Looking back from this wo see tho Custom house lot, for no Cnstom-houso exists now, tho placo being filled with tho rules of that long raoge of buildiogs. Hero the firo seems to have stopped on tho morning of tbo 4tb. The foreign concession was saved, and tho foreigners living further away also suffered no lo'ss; but had tbo wind shifted, as it threatened to do about 11 o'clock at night, not only the foreign concession, but uvery uouso tor mucs would nave been uttorJy- "destroyed. Tho sccdo witnessed by those wbo wore in Yeddo during tho fire wos horrible indeed. An eye-witness tolls us that at a quarter past three, when the Grebroko out, qo one thought anything of it, but os it leaped from block to block, firing several places at once, tbe danger was felt to bo imminent. The troops in the Yodo XTotel weio sent into a placo of safety, and several foreigners living in the Frenob hotel removed their baggage to a foreign. set- tlement. Another gentleman who was near tho Castle at the outbreak of tbo firo, saw at least fifty persons carriod by on stretcbors, nearly ull deud; whilo a third witness who was in Tskidji saw great, numbers dead by suffocation or firo. Motliors threw their chil dren away from them — into the water to be drowned or on to tbo ground to bo burnt and rushed on to savo themselves. Two- sworded meo, drunk with excitement, cut and bowed in all directions, and tbo men wbo were seen disabled by sword-cuts wore too numerous to count. Id contradistinction to this daugh ters were to be seen carrying tbeir fathers and mothers away, children just old enough to un derstand what was going on helped to savo their parents from destruction, and what was more touching than all was to see in tho dis tance people fall under their burdens, to bo overtaken by tho flames before they could rise. Such sccucs as tbeso lend an additional horror to a sight already sufficiently terrible, and though at this stage, when all was excitement and uncertainty, tho loss of lifo and property connot bo accurately judged, we feci assured that we havo rather under than overstated the extent of tho inhfortunc. About 10,000 houses were burnt, plaoing 50,000 people in tho open at tho lowest calcu lation. The loss of property mu»t exceed a couplo of millions of dollars. Tbo yashiki where the fire originated was in tho possession of tho War Office, and used by them os a hay store It was in obargo of ono man, who has, of courso, been arrested. Thirty officials of tho Foreign Office wero burnt out, from tbo Vice-Minister downwards. Sawa and ' Date, both of whom have been Foreign Ministers at different periods, wore also burnt out,, aod Date's sod, the ex-Prineo of Uwajltna. Tho dUtrcss is overwhelming, and a meeting of tho Yokohama Chamber of Commerce has tuken placo, at whioh a memorial has been sent to the Governor of Kanagawa, expressing the willingnoss of tho foreign community to render such assistance as is in their power. A Lovfi.y Vnnn or Reasoning.— Man and woman putting their beads together. 