?' ; HOT nELIGI0as;'EDU0ATI0N. , ; ' ' ; : Tho.',1 Manchostor. Examiner'; oallaVatonlipn to 'onintoroatirig' littlo book 'entitled.;?. Tho Sight of ;'Holl.'' Ivlt'i^by/UioRoV^Fathor Furnisa, iC.SiS.R. is /printed ' pefmiasu .suporiorum/'-nnd repbm-' mended :tq.-bo used; along . with, thp Catoohism ip^un,3.ft^'Sbhb.bl8V'ds.'ptt'rt.of;ae6urso'of..religi.ouB.' ! itiatructiori .' '; It ia ono of , d serios.of ,'' BopRa for,, 'cliiiclronrtntl young^poreqna.'' . From .tho follow ing ex'traetaiit, r.w'ilLboigeon that tho work is not, of ;an 'firiWpiritiog : 'character,, Thp rev.'-fathor ia !.sujipqse'i;.'.tb.'(':bol,'.tttkiug .his youii^ -.ohargos ona oicprbrie. . Amon g m riny Mii n gs . ton d isngreonblo ,to mention lip points but thb'Striking Devil':— ? ;'.;iittjp. chij,d,,,-fy.ou go to ihelL.thorp iwill -he 'a1' ^dey,'' «Ky,Pur *)$9, tb/s'triko you.,,!l-Ie ?will.go'ion', . b 1 1- i k i b g. y.b u !pveryiminutp.,for eypr and'dvor..:with; |,t}ut.Btopping.!, . Thp ; first r atroko iwill tnakoi.yiiir,'; jbody ;n8;.bad', as-,tlie ~body .bf;Jpbi ccfvprpdifrptri. head'tqffpbt/^vitl^sQrea , aridj -ulpprs. jfjlTho seobrid'j ,8trbko.'(w'il! ,- mak'o.your, body/twice na i badj'as thp, ^bodypMo^.rThoi^thirdMfokp^wnLimake^ybur,, body threo tiineB;h8(b' nd, as tho body, of.Job..; -TlVo fourth, 'Blrpko,.will make your''-b,bdy four times as biitl ,'aa thp! b'bdy-of. Job. ; rHow.'theni- will.ybnr. body;bo after, tho;deyil,,hnslboen;. striking, if ev'pr'y' ,. moment ifqr ahundrpd;. millions 'of. yoursiwithput1 'stpppibg?: /,-.;; .??,!-...:?, ,:nr.'s;,'iJ. ,.:;-.;'. i,;M- :;-. ?': '-'; Ho' tlien,shpNy8ithom;'A Dreas^of Firo'-r, ihr\ ;, ...Job;,- xxxyiii.— Are,' not,, thy y. phjments.ihptt , Corap iintq, jtliis Crqom. . {? SCo.u, j.bco it is very 'smnll .'; °^But:-'j!eo.';tin-jlthei'('thjidst':qfi'it::..tliereiis:a girl.ipor;', haps/nbout-eight/oon iyuars ?' pjdi : ?.WTiatlnfterriblo, dre8aJsho..h'as.on-rrThpr.'.dresa:iis;mado of;firo 1 'On'' i her hend.sho wonran bonnet, of; firo. -. It is pre8Bod down all oyor ; hor,, head-;:, it 'burps- her: head '; ft Jiurna into thO/Bki-nj: jit scorches ; tho bpno, of her skull hnd mnkes.it 8moke.. The rod-hot'Gcry hont goes into, tho brain arid molts it. Ezokxxii.r-I, will burn you in tho firo of my wrath : ;you ahull bo melted in thp 'midst '.thereof.- as ailvoris.moHed in tho'firo.'.^You donot, perhapa, liko.a headaohe.' Think .what, a .bead'nche that girl . must hnv'o. But boo more: ?? She' is , wrapped up' in flumes, for , hoi- frock .is ;0nv firo ; If ,: oho was ^ori.'earth- s^e Would be burned to a , cinder in. a. momont. . But sho is ? in ;holl, .were fire .burns everything, but burns nothing, nwny. :.Thero sho stands burning and Bcorcbed:; there sho -will stand for over burn' ,ing. nnd iicorcbod. ^ Sbo counts With her: fingers tho moments as they pass: away slowly, for each moment: seeiris to: iher-liko a ^hundred years. As she coutits the moments she remembers that sho will havo to count them for over nnd ever, ; Thechildronare favoured with thesight of abnil ingboy. ? ' But listen, thcro is a sound -just like Hiat! of oi kettle boiling. Ia it really a. kottra boiling ?' No. Then wlyit ia i.t? - Hear what it is. .Tho blood is boiling in tho scalded veins of thrrt boy. The1, brain .isi boilings and bubbling. in bis head; The ^marrow, is boiling in his bones.'. : This child is supposod to: be boiling in accordance, with Amos'iv. ': ? ' Tho dnys shall oomo .when thoy shnll liftiyouup on pfkes,- nnd w'hnt remains of you in boiling .pots,'. Thoy have also a poep-nV a. baby in a red- hot oven': Hear: how it soreams to como out See how it turns and twiataitaelf about in the fire 1 It beata its head against tho roof of tho ovon. It stamps its littlo feet on tho floor of tho oven. ;You can see on tho faco of the littlo child whnt you see oh tho fnco of all in bell — despr.ir, desperate and horrible.' The com passionate faoe of Fnthor Furniss looking 'through1 tho bars at what ho calls i' thi3 pitiful sight' is tho only ohoorful pnrt of tho picture. ? ', , Mr. Joseph Howe, a Cabinet Minister in Canndaj has beon delivering a ' stronfi' lecture to tho Young Men's Christian Association of Ottawa, on the conduot of the mother country. Ho declared that tho Dominion, with only our four millions of people in it, had to govern half a continent and fnco a peoplo ol forty millions ; that it could not tolerate a hiRgard or a coward ; that in any v/ar with the Union,.it woiil'd be fivotimea na completely, overborne as France wns by Germany; thnt a policy hnd been developed nt home, and Groat Britain was to retain her troops and surround herself with ironclnds.'nnd the Britons across tho' Atlatftio wero to be abandonod. On tho ove of moat sorious negotiations, Canada '.had been strip ped of. every soldier, and tho thirty millions were 'to hoard their rascal counters in two small islands,' and let thb Empiro go. ,-,.,,?' TRKMAiiKAVLE CinCuiiSTAKOE.-r-Tho following kicidentin tho lifo of Nichols, which has been re lated to us by a gentleman whoso brother is one of the persons connoctodwith tho circumstance, will bo fotind interesting, as ahowing what truth n jeat oftentimes contains. ' About twolvo or thirteen years ago, Nichols who had goflnto spmo troublo in Sydney, camo to Windsor, and was. employed inabutcher'sshop. ? Whilst there Nichols attracted tlro.atteption of many of thp young men about, by his cloverness'iu many ways, and particularly his .expertness in.'pjaitting, tioing.and muking' knots, and one day in , the, course of cpnveraation,1 in which.ho wns explaining what ho called 'tho hang man's! knot,' he said to tho brother of our inform ant, half in jost, half in earnest, fhat ho (Nichols) expected that he would one day bo hanged with such a knoi as ho was making then, and if.it took place ho hoped , that his friend would como and witness his execution. ? Nicholsleft Windsor soou lifter, and during the years that havo rolled away .since. then, the two actors have been far and wide through tho world, and it is therefore, not a little remarkablo, that the first timo they met again, Nichols stood on the gallows with tho hangman's -knot behind his ear, and tho other was a witness of hia execution. Nichols did not recognise tho gentleman referred to, buthomny probably dur ing his incarceration, awaiting execution, have had somo recollection about ' tho hangman's knot' twelvo years ago. ? The moral of Mr. Tonnyson's poem, ' Tho Holy Grail,' is self-denial. You have in it a picture of brave mon going forth from festive boards and mirthful circumstances to encounter, for a religious object, the greatest external hardships. There ia an olemont of romance in this noblo conduot which seoms to strike an eleotricty through our veins, and to inspire us with a desire to imitate it', but it is to the pfiuciplo which- lies within it that wo have chiefly to look. Wo, need not to go: forth in knightly armour, with sword andspoar, to enter moonlit caverns rank with the breath of ghosts, and giving book in torriblo echoes tho thunder of tho heavens, to obtain tho cup of blessing. Wo shall find it within ourselves when tho -demons which lie in the form of a sorpont in our lower nature havo boon silonced by the slow process of starvation. Ho is tho greatest conquoror who con quers himself. Lifo, said Sydney Smith, ia but 'a middling affair,' yet surely thoro are times whon it riaea somo degrees higher then- this. Much more depends on our wisdom and solf-control than upon tho riches of our circumstances. We never enjoy fully what we got easily and what wo got often. Variety is u great ho'.p, even whon wo descend to such low levols na eating and drinking/ You oh joyed yourmuttou chop vorymiioh to day, becauso. you had been dining threo days beforo on cold meat : try a veal outlet to-morrow. Don't havo the same guests stopping too long at ono timo in your house. You love thorn and respect them very much, but a change of society is: good for both thorn and you.' Aftor you have been rending the Duke of Argyle's lloign of Lawi or Smith's Biblical Diotipnory, or any book of that deep kind, take up one of TroHopo's novels, or write a lottor to the gentleman or lady you aro engaged to, or else go out and boo after your flowers in tho garden. ..-..-' ' Kissing- at Woddings.— Our nowly-weddod grandmothers woro heartily ki8sed ns soon as tho servico was conoludcd.'by their husbands and re latives, new and old. Our mothers were more 'prudish, and waitod for tho aeolusion of tho vestry beforo offering their fair ohooks; thoir daughters havenbolishod tho ceremony altogethor.— JWunnfirs of Modern Society, 