QUAINT VEBSICLES. In Hi8 following only one vowel is used, sods very peculiar poem we have in conse quence. We do not know .who took the trouble to write thnlinpp, bat they are canons now they *re done:— So monk to good too rob, or cog, or plot No fool eb gross to bolt Scotch coUops hot, jPiom Donjon tops no Oronoototouii. Jbqgwqpd, not lotos, floods .Oporto's bowls. Troops ,rf old.tosspptz oft to sot consort. Boi-tops our echoot-boys, too, do flog for ' fepurl. - ' ' * ' ? ' ' So cool monsoons -blow «oft on Oxford dons, Orthodox, jog-trot, book-«rorm Solomons. Bold.OstrogothB of ghosts no iorror .show. , tin Loodon ehop-fronte no ftope-bloasoms : - fiiuW. ? - ' ? *. ??'???? ? ? ??'**? ? 35o crocks « gold no dodo looks for food. On soft^ott tootetpplBaoold foxdotb brood. liana etorm-tost dpops|o|oni worjkon^ cork [ Books jdo not roost jon spoons, nor woodcocks ?? ^'- ^''finort^ ' l ' ?' x -yt--^K--]^— -?-? ? '?*.-. Nor dog on. snowdrop oron coltsfoot rolls, ? - Wprjwn«n]-n3^^SJ^*0Dg*iwtwls. - A Toledo chap iwas quite smitten |^;||s^Bl6h|?^,jpik She did it FAmnr Fees' ok the Pbetaihng Style. — When I say that the street dress of the majority of respectable women of New York to-day is disgusting, I but feebly express my emotions. I say the respectable women, and yet, save to them who know them to be such, their appear ance leaves a wide margin for doubt The clown at a circus wears not a more parti-coloured costume ; in fact, his has the advantage of being sufficiently 'taut,' to use a nautical phrase, not to interfere with locomotion ; while theirs — what with disgusting humps upon their backs, and big rosettes upon their shoulders, and loops, and folds, and buttons, and clasps, and bows upon their skirts, and striped satin petticoats, all too short to hide their clumsy ankles — and more colours and shades of colours heaped up an one poor little fashion-ridden body than ever were gathered in one rainbow — and all this worn without regard to temperature, or time, or place — I say this presents a spectacle which is too disheartening to be comical. One cannot smile at the young girls who are one day — Heaven help them — to be wives and mothers ! I say to myself, as I Bee the throat and neck with only the pro tection of a gold locket between itself and the cold autumnal winds — wives and mothers ! I say, as I see them ruining their feet and throwing their ankles out of shape in the vain endeavour to walk on their heels like corks, fastened far into the middle of the sole of their boots ; and those boots so high . np on the calf of the leg, and so tightly buttoned across it, that circulation is stopped, and violent headaches follow. Wives and mothers ! I say, as I see the heating and burdenous panier tacked upon the most delicate portion of a woman's frame, to make still surer confirmed invalidism. Queen Victoria ax Englishwoman. — I have been favoured by an accredited correspendent with the following cor rection of the statement that Alderman Matthew Wood alone advanced a large sum of money to enable the Duke and Duchess of Kent to return to England, that our present gracious Queen might be born an Englishmoman. ' There were three persons : Alderman Wood, and the late earl Fitewilliam ; the third is unknown, but a silver salver was pre sented to each by the Queen on her coming to the Throne, when the money was repaid.' A second correspondent adds : Alderman Wood may have fur nished part of the needed funds ; but the late Lords Zetland and Fitzwilliam, I believe, each advanced £5,000. Her Majesty, previous to her marriage, sent Lord Zetland the money, together with a gold salver and an autograph.' — John. Timbs. Bringing re Hohe. — The magistrates of a north Royal burgh were lately waited upon by a deputation of ' clergymen of different denominations ' for the purpose of praying them to restrict the number of certificates for public- house, as such houses had a very demoralising effect on the population. A far- seeing Aberdonian replying to the spokesman, said, ' Fat de ye mean, maan % If it worna public houses, we wud had hae nae need ava fur nather the police nor the ministers. Ye're taken a stick to braak yer air bead.' The members of the deputation, although not quite satisfied with their reception, retired in the conviction, as one of them expressed, ' That there was a good deal of truth in the bailie's re marks.' Beaottftji, fob Evee. — The Times of 23rd April says that the notorious Madame Bachael, who so long fattened on the vanity and ignorance of London antiquated dames by promising them perpetual youth and agreeable lovers, has been released from prison on a ticket of leave. A young man in New York was the victim of misplaced confidence a short lime ago. He was particularly sweet on a very young lady, and called one evening, having previously paid her several visits. The girl's parents, think ing both too young to begin to keep company with each other, gave a gentle hint to that effect — first, by calling the girl out of the room and sending her to bed ; and secondly, by the lady of the bouse bringing into the room a huge slice of bread and butter, spread, with jam, and saying to the youth, in her kindest manner, ' There, take this, and go home ; it's a long way, and your mother will be anxious.' The latest curiosity of life insurance is that the existence of Mr. P. S. Gilmore has been insured for 200,000 dollars in fifteen different offices, by the guarantors -f the Boston Jubilee Fund, the policies to run for six months. This is the handsomest testimonial which Mr. Gilmore has ever received — all the gold headed canes and pieces of plate in the world would be nothing to it, for it is a simple admission of the fact that without Tiim the monster fete could not go on at alL No Gilmore, no Jubilee ! Under such circumstances, the least that he can do for half a year to come is to look well to the soles of his boots, to be careful how he changes his flannel in the spring, and to suffer no considerations of expense to limit him in the purchase of umbrellas.— New York Tribune. A gentleman in Alexandria, Va., caught liia young daughter flirting with his deredthe fellow to go at once and clean out the stable vault This being done, the old gentleman shut the amorous couple in a siz-by-nine room, heated by a furnace, and kept them there .until the stench jointly produced by the person of the perspiring darkey and {the filth upon his clothes, had such an effect upon the girl that ghe fainted. The cure was complete. Whyare women like churches % Firstly, hecause there is no living without one ; secondly, because there is jnany aspire to them ; /thirdly, ^because they are objects of adoration ; and lastly, but by no means leastly, because they have a loud clapper in their upper story. 'Tonald,' said a Highland drover to a friend,' 'you're drunk^ Tonald.' ' Laird forbid, Eory,' -answered the ac cused ; ' I wish I -was 1' There is a little girl in Fulton county, . Indiana, -who speaks four languages, chews and smokes tobacco, plays the most brilliant music on the piano, swears, dances superbly, and takes -whisky 'straight' A drunken cripple in Evansville was found the -other flay with a Testament in Mb pocket The passage advising Timotiy tot^e a Uttie wine was underscored. : ? '.yjjSL you hay^jtae,, Sarfiht!' said a ^rojiiijg, pan' to,-'|i^'o|fist,5JptL ??? .«£Jo,'! Minr^ut ..^;^;_.ha-e,;me, if, you The right man in ^ 