GENERAL SEWS The BaJlardt Star records the death of one of the oldest residents of Ballarat, Mr. John Rowan, storekeeper, Skipton-street Mr. Eowan, or an immediate relative, gave the name to Mount Eowan. A supplement to the Gazette published on Saturday morning oontains an official notifica tion that his Excellency the Governor had, on the 21st inst,' accepted the resignation by the Hon. Graham Berry of his office of Trea surer. Mr. Bernard Levinger, of Melbourne, has made a handsome contribution to the Persian Famine Belief Fond. He writes to the Argus enclosing a cheque for £100, and pro mises to give another £100 if the general public contribute £2000 before the next mail leaves. The Minister of Hands has consented to the making considerable .concessions to the holders of woodsplitteis' licenses. Steps are ?r to be taken to reduce the license-fee from £5 to £3. 10s, and to permit without further payment each licensee to be assisted in cutting and splitting wood by any of his children who are not more than twenty-one years of age. There are some patriots in Australia still, and also some «™»l«, Both seem to have come together in South Australia, The late telegrams from Adelaide mention that the Hon. T. Elder has Borne of these ' ships of the desert,' and that, at his own expense, he proposes to ran them over the gap now existing on the overland telegraph line. The decision of the Board appointed to inquire into the complaint against Mr. Pre ehaw, of the Victorian Railway department, has been arrived at The Board find that there have been irregularities in the Spenoer etreet ticket-office, and that the Government have been defrauded, bat they consider that there is no evidence to connect Mr. Preshaw with the defalcations which have been dis covered. They think that there has been gross negligence in the department. The above is the substance of the decision, but the report has not yet been handed in to the Commissioner of Railways. are abost to lay the foundation of an absentee tax. The Age writes : — At the weekly meet ing of the committee of management of. the Melbourne Hospital, on Tuesday last, it was resolved that an appeal be made to Victorian old colonists, resident in Great Britain, for subscriptions ; and that the Agent- General and Mr. Edward Wilson, in London, be re spectfully requested to receive and remit the same as handed in to *b«*m. Mr. Thomas Dickson, in submitting the motion, alluded to the legacies of £1000 each, of the late Mr. Jackson, of Toorak, and Captain Howey, as well as the annual subscriptions sent out by the late Mr. James Butchart when in Scot land, as worthy of imitation by retired colonists in the mother country. We are threatened -with an invasion of tourists travelling on the Cook principle, or —as we may choose to regard the event — we may have hopes of snch a fertilising shower. Messrs. Stanzlu, of London, have made ar rangements with the Peninsula and Oriental Steam Navigation Company and the steam ship and railway companies, for the issue of through tickets fora jonrney round the world, via America and Australia or China; the portion of tiie journey between Australia or China, as the case maybe, and Brindisi being performed by the P. and O. steamers. The opening of the Mont Cenis tunnel, and the resumption of the route through France, have reduced the distance from London to Bnndisi to 1504 miles, and the time to about fifty-five hours. Notwithstanding the contradiction of the M. A. Mail, the Kyneton Observer persists in ite account of the circumstances under which the O'ilara Burke Hotel premises at Castlemaine were rented by the Government : — ' ' What we have said we will stick to. To state the case in other words, let us put it thus : — One member of Parliament, in the presence of a brother legislator — both of the Opposition — told a gentleman connected with this journal that the O'fiara Burke Hotel premises could have been got a short time ago for (at or about) 10s a week, and that the Government had taken the said premises at a rental six or eight times over and above that amount. If it is not substantiated or refuted on better authority than the MaiVs, we will name the honourable member — in whose word we place implicit trust — who made the state ment in a railway carriage.' The Oedong Advertiser has the following : ? A short time ago, the Stoney Creek post master, when seeking to recover a small debt from a man named Kelson, at the Steiglitz Police Court, admitted ' having Bold some liquor to the defendant. The revenue in spector, being in court at the time, summoned the postmaster for selling liquor without a license, and in consequence of denying what he before admitted, he was fined in the full penalty of £10 and £1 costs. The offence appeared to have been committed near twelve months previously, and daring a rush of work at the waterworks, and there was nothing to show that it had been repeated. The Post *m-wb-r-f3eneral has relieved the offender of hi* duties as postmaster, and conferred the ap pointment on the publican's daughter over the way. ' The Taes Courier gives the following remedy for fluke and worm disease in Bheep : — A gentleman residing near Yass, a large sheepowner, informs ns that the following preparation administered to sheep suffering from either of the above complaints will effect a speedy cure. He has succeeded in making ' bis own flocks healthy by its use, and several sheepowners resident in the neighbourhood have tried it with equally good effect : — To a bucketfull of cut or chopped horehound take two bncketefnll of water ; boil down to one-half, adding one and a half bar of soap ; when cold strain and add ten buckets of water. To every four gallons of the mixture add one quart of turpentine and one and a half pound sulphate of iron (if the sheep are ?very weak two pounds) ; ordinary dose, half onnce to each sheep on an empty stomach. Repeat the dose again at an interval of two days. If the sheep are very weak half the quantity, and repeat three times, at intervals of two days. If disposed, add with the second second dose Joz croton oil to every four gallons of the preparation. This mixture will not injure sheep in lamb, if they are carefully handled. The latest thing in ghost stones is furnished by the Bay Standard. It is not so bad as it might be, and runs thus : — As Mr. Donohoe's mail coach was lately passing Bealiba Point, between Hay and Wagga, a voice was hear* crying, ' Hie, hie.' Young Donobue stopped 44m **nnfh fairnpii t.liA Iattitis around mnpT7f-ri looked about for half -an- hour, but could see nothing. This would not have been noticed but for the fact that a stockman was mur dered by a shepherd at the point some twenty \- years ago ; and our informant states that Mr. Feter Halbish, the former mail contractor, two years ago, saw the form of a man cling ing to his coach wheels ; and that Mr. John Buckley, when camped there with cattle at one time, saw the figure of a man, which he hailed, but the phantom retreated towards the river and disappeared. The Battarat Courier says : — We hear that a farmer at Smeaton, and convert to the religious body known as New T.igtit» or Fisherites, caused all his stock and farming implements, &c;, to be eold off the other day. A large number of farmers and others as sembled, more from motives of eurioarty than to bny — as the prophets were in attendance to take their newly-caught brother to the head dep6t »t Sullarook as soon as the sale would be over. The silly man is leaving his home and family to join this sect ; and be cause his wife will not go, he intends to leave her and the children to forage for themselves. Amongst the visitors to the sale were a good sprinkling of ladies, who .sympathised with the wife in her sad position. Ultimately, they joined a few of the men, and took two of the prophets to a large waterhole, and dipped them and re-dipped them to the satis faction of, all present but the New Lights. The prophets were next bedaubed with blue paint on their, faces, end then allowed to go MUCHU* UJCU1 iiubuk«d- The Kyndon Observer relates the following extraordinary occurrence : — But very recently we reported the death of Mr. James Penning; ton,* very old resident of Kyneton. When ho died lie left an adopted child named Mary Ann Fennington, - the daughter of a poor -woman who died in the Kyneton Hospital come time ago. The will of the deceased Mr. PenniDgton made provisuuffor the girl, Mar; ~Ann'5enniogton, by bequeathing to her a Ann -known as The Swamp, Worth about £2000, the arid property to be handed over Jo the«H -anker attaining her majority, pro 9idsil sbe^mattied by the consent of her ^ ^mr^'. snol 3baoi9ibfiiInieE. On Saturday the servant of J3& fier.^Bjtther Gepghegan called afc^kSu* toMsdcnflB fl£*lfllfi late JAl. V*m nin ptnn ; and asked if the child might be allowed to go to the residence of the rev. gentleman, as he wished to see her. The request was com plied with, but the child was cot allowed to return to her adopted home. Several attempts have been made to secure the return of the child, who is only ten years of age, but with out success. Mr. Palmer, one of the guardians of the child, wrote to Father Geoghegan threatening a Supreme Court action if the child was not sent back to her home ; but no notice hss been f^^^' of the communication. Since the child was taken away, she has been sent to Mrs. O'BUey'e school, a Roman Catholic lady of this town. Before being sent to school the child was baptised in the Roman Catholic Church, without the consent of the guardians. The curious part of this business is that no provision in the will exists authorising interference of the priest in any way, nor did the deceased before his death in any way express a desire that the rev. gen tleman should concern himself in the affairs of the child. On what ground the interfer ence can be justified is beyond the power of anyone to explain. The rev. gentleman him self, who, we may add, has been held in general esteem, refused to commnnicate with any one on the subject. The affair, in all probability, will become public through the Supreme Court, for if a writ has not been already served on the rev. gentleman, one wiUbe. The Brisbane CoUmiaays :— The AtieI'''1 Church at Port Mackay for some time had for its pastor the Rev. E. Tanner j but some difficulties must have arisen in connexion mui uuiuuu uiatbere, iot we rememuer u&viug; Been the rev. gentleman named in the papers as agent on board one of the Queensland nigger recruiting vessels. At all events, the rev. gentleman has a very good idea of con ducting ministrations on sound business principles. The Mackay churchmen are un able to get a clergyman to fill the place vacated by the Rev. Thomas Tanner, but he is equal to the occasion. He is prepared to do business for them at so much each spiritual item. He charges so much for the adminis tration of the holy communion, so much for visiting the sick, so much for baptism, &c.; One of the speakers at the meeting to which this extraordinary proposition was made characterised it ' as a most degrading offer coming from a clergyman, who put up to auction two of the most sacred of God's most holy ordinances — so much more for Baptism and the Lord's Snpper.' Lest anyone should think there ie any exaggeration in the facts we have stated, and doubt that a clergyman could make Buch a proposal, and in the cyni cal way described, we give as it appeared in the Mackay Mercury, the document read at tne meeting on Denait or 31s. xanner, ana signed by him : — ' Bather than the church should be entirely closed I am willing to un dertake the duty in whole or in part. I pre fer the church duty only, as at present I have no intention or desire of again becoming the rector ot incumbent of Mackay. My engage ment with the new churchwardens can be a mutual understanding, dissolved by a week or a months' notice or salary, as may be agreed upon. The Understanding that ano ther clergyman than myself being desired, I have put the matter in purely a- business light, and whether accepted or not I abide by it Payments monthly at the several rates as follows, and prompt, or engagement ceases : — For one full service (evening), £100 ; for morning service (no sermon) and evening public service, including holy communion and baptism once a month, £150 ; for full morn ing and evening services (holy communion and baptism once a month), £200 ; for the whole of services and visiting sick and teatbolders as time and opportunity occur, £300 ; and if to live in Mackay, £350. Note — At present, nor for the next six months, I would not live in Mackay. Edward Tanner.' Considering the quarter it comes from a more revolting document we have seldom seen. The reve rend gentleman had clearly better stick to the Polynesian business, for, though not so profitable, we venture to predict that it will suit him more exactly. 