GRIF; A STORY OF. AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By B. L. Faijeon. Chapter V. THE MORAL MERCHANT ENTERTAINS HIS FRIENDS AT DINNER. On the same evening, and at about the same hour, of the occurrence of the foregoing matrimonial dialogue, Mr. Zachariah Blemish entertained his friends at dinner. Mr. Zachariah Blemish was a merchant and a philanthropist ; he was also a gentleman of an imposing mien, ana or a portly appearance. Some of his detractors (and what man lives who has them noti) said that the manly bosom which throbbed to the beats of his pa triotic heart was filled with as earthly desires as other earthly flesh. If this assertion, which was generally made spitefully and vindictively, was the worst that could be said against him, Zachariah Blemish could look the world in the face without blushing. True or untrue, he did look, unmoved, in the world's face, and if either felt abashed in the presence of the other, it was the world, ani not Blemish. There was a self-assertion in his manner when he appeared in public, which, if it could have been set down in so many words, would have thus expressed itself : — ' Here I am, sent among you for your good ; make much of me. Your frail, I am strong ; you are mean, I am noble. But do not be abashed. Do not be afraid of your own unworthiness. I do not wish to hold myself above yon. I will eat with you, and talk with you, and sleep with you, as if 1 were one of yourselves. It is not my fault that I am superior to'you. ♦ Perhaps, if you look up to me, you may one day reach my level. It would be much to accomplish, but you have my best wishes. I am hero to do you good, and I hope I may.? As he walked along the streets, people fall aside, and made way for him, deferentially. They looked after him, and pointed him out to strangers as the great Mr. Blemish, and it was told of one family that, when the children were put to bed at night, they were taught to say, ' God bless papa and mamma, and Good Mr. Blemish.' His snowy shirt-front, viewed from a distance, was a sight to look upon, and, upon a nearer acquaintance, dazzled one with iti pure whiteness. At church he was the most devout of men, and the congregation wondered how »o much greatness and so much meekness could be found in the breast of any one human being. There was not a crease in his face; it was fat, and smooth, and ruddy; it looked like the blessed face of a large cherubim ; and it said as plainly as face could say, ' Here dwell content, and peaca, and prosperity, and benevolence.' He was Chairman of the United Band of Temperance Aboriginals; President of the Moral Boot blacking Boys' Reformatory; Perpetual Grand Master of the Society for the Total Suppres sion of Vice; the highest dignitary in tha Association of Universal Philanthropists ; and a leading member of the Fellowship of Mur ray Cods. He subscribed to all the charities ; with a condescending humility he allowed his name toappear regularly upon all committees (or religious and benevolent purposes, and would himself go round with ' lists to collect subscriptions. In this direction his power was enormous. Such a thing as a refusal was not thought of. People wrote their names- upon his list, in'' the firm belief that twenty shillings invested in benevolence with Zachariah Blemish returned a much larger rate of interest than if invested with any other collector. Once, and once only, war he known to be un successful. He asked a mechanic for a sub scription to the funds of tha United Band of Temperance Aboriginals, and the man refused J him, in ' somewhat rough termp, saying that the United Band of Temperance Aboriginals was a Band of Humbugs. Blemish gazed . mildly at the man, and turned away without a word. The following day he displayed an anonymous letter, in which the writer, sign ing himself ' Repentant,' enclosed one pound v three shillings and sixpence as the contribu iton 9? a working-man (being his last week's savings) towards the funds of the United i' ∧*of Temperance. Aboriginals, and a fer r vent -wish was expressed in. the letter that the Band wbuld-pteel(,vi^th0^8uccess that it de served) 'Ther{ wa^rio.dfubt that it was the v ' me^cuanlo who sent it, 'and that it was the ^#%f«agnetic goodness of the M/-ral Merchant that ;',£^ Bad softansd'ob heart. At the next meeting *.*£- 'of the TJaited Band of Temperance Aborigi nals (which was attended by a gretsy Anstra lUn. naiive, clothed in a dirty . blanket. and ; smelling -strongly of rum) a resplutjbifi was &::* ?-?? ..' '?'..;;;,.;.?;,?. . :$;u.; passed, authorizing the purchase of * a gilt frame for the mechanic's letter, to perpetuate the goodness of Blemish, and the moral power of his eye. On the present evening he was seated at the head of his table, round which were ranged some dozen guests of undoubted re spectability. He was supported on his right by a member of the Upper House of Parlia ment; he was supported on his left by a member of the Lower House of ditto. One of the leading members of the Government was talking oracularly to one of the leading merchants of the city. One of the leading lawyers was laying down the law to one of the leading physicians. And only thre chairs off was Mr. David Dibbe, eating his dinner like a common mortal. Like a common mortal? Like the commonest of mortals ! He might have been a bricklayer for any difference ob servable between them. For he gobbled his food,;idid Mr. David, Bibbs, and he slobbered his soup did Mr. David Dibbs, and his chops were greasy, and his hands were not nice looking, and, altogether, he did not present an agreeable appearance. But he was the pos sessor of half-a-dozen cattle and sheep- stations, each with scores of miles of water-frontage, and was not his income thirty thousand pounds a year? Oh, golden calf! nestle in my bosom, and throw your glittering veil over my ignorance, and meanness, and stupidity — give me thirty thousand pounds a year, that people may fall down and worship me ! The other guests were not a whit less re spectable. Each of them, in his own particu lar person, represented wealth or position. Could it for a single moment be imagined that the guests of Mr. Zachariah Blemish ware selected for the purpose of throwing a halo of respectability round the person of their host, and that they were one and all administering to and serving his interest 1 If so, the guests were unconscious of it ; but it might not have been less a fact that he made them all return, in one shape or another, good interest for the hospitality he so freely lavished upon them. This evening he was giving a dinner party to his male, friends; and later in the nic;ht Mrs. Zachariah. Blemish would receive her guests and entertainthem. The gentlemen are over their wine, and are conversing freely. ' Politics, scandal, the state of the colony, and many other subjects are dis cussed with animation. Just now, politics is the theme. The member of the Lower House and the member of the Upper House are the principal speakers here ; but, occasionally, others say a word or two, which utterings are regarded by the two members as unwarrant able interruptions. The member of the Go vernment says very little on politics, and generally maintains a cautious' reticence. ' 1 should like to have been in the House last night,' said one of the conversational interlopers ; ' that was a smart thing Ritchie said.V 'What was ft?' asked another. Speaking of Beazoly, who is awfully rich you know, and an incorrigible miser, he said, 'He congratulated himself upon not belonging to a party whick had, for its principle suppor ter, a man whose office was his church, whose desk was his pulpit, whose ledger was his bible, and whose money was his God.' ' Very clever, but very savage,' remarked one of the guests. ' I do not believe in such unbridled license of debate.' ' I met Beazely the other day, and he com plained that the times were dreadfully dull. He did not know what things were coming to. He had seventy thousand pounds lying idle, he said, and could not get more than five per cent for it. He shook his head and said, ' The golden days of the colony are gone ! ' ' 'And so they are,' said the member of che Lower House, %hose proclivities were repub lican, 'and they will not return until, we* have Separation and Confederation. That's what we want to set us going — separation from the home country, and a confederation of the South Sea colonies. We don't want our most important matters settled for us in the red-tape office over the water. We don't wantour Governor's appointed for us; we want toselect them ourselves from the men who have grown up with us, and whose careers render them worthy and prove them fit for distinc tion. If we were in any serious trouble we should have to extricate ourselves as best we could, and if we did have help from the home country, shouldn't we haye to pay the piper? That's the point — shouldn't we have to pay the piper?' ' Nay, nay,' expostulated Mr. Zachariah Blemish. ' Consider for a moment, I beg — we are all loyal subjects, I hope ? ?' ' I maintain,' said the member of the Lower House, excited by his theme, ' that notwithstanding our loyalty to the reigning Sovereign, the day must come when we shall not be dependent upon the caprices of a colo nial office fourteen thousand miles distant, which very often does not understand the nature of the difficulty it has to legislate upon. I maintain that the day must. come — ' ' Gentlemen,' called Mr. Zachariah Blem ish, horrified at the utterance of such senti ments over his dinner-table, 'gentlemen,! give you '.The Queen V God bless her!' ' The Queen ! God Bless her ! ' responded all the'guests, rising to their feet, and (drink ing the toast enthusiastically. And then the conversation took another turnk Presently all ears' were turned to the leading physician, who was relating a circumstance to the lead ing lawer. ' 'It is a curious story,' he said. 'The man I speak of was always reported to be very wealthy.' No one knows more of his early career than that, when, th'e gold-diggings were first discovered, he was a Cheap-Jack, as they call them, trading at all the new gold fields. *He bought tents, picks, shovels, tubs, anything, from the diggers, who were madly running from one place to another. He bought them for a song, for the diggers could not carry those things about with them, and they were glad to get rid of them at any price. When he sold them he made enor mous profits, and, by these means, he was supposed to have amassed a great fortune. Then he speculated largely in sheep and cattle, and grew to be' looked upon as a sort of banker. Many men deposited their savings with him, and, as he did not pay any in teret for the . money, and traded with it, there is no doubt as to the profitable nature of his* operations. The great peculiarity about him was that his face, from be neath his eyes was completely hidden in bushy, brown, curly hair. He had been heard to say that he had never shaved. Well, one night, at past eleven o'clock, he knocked up a storekeeper at the diggings, and bought a razor and strop, a pair of scissors, a pair of moleskin trousers, a pair of watertight boots, and a blue serge 'shirt. ' la the course of con versation with the storekeeper, and while he was selecting the articles, he said that they were for a man whom he . had engaged as a shepherd, and who was to start at daybreak the following morning. That was the last indisputable occurrence that was known in connection with him; the next day he dis appeared and was not heard of again. For a day or two, no notice -vas taken of his ab sence ; but, after that, ^depositors and others grew uneasy, and rumour invented a hundred different stories about him. A detective who knew him intimately, said that he was stand ing at the pit entrance of the Theatre Royal in fiourkestreet, when a man passed in, the glitter of whose eyes attracted the detective's attention strangely. He could not recall the man's face, which was clean shaven, and he thought no more about it at the time. The missing man was traced to Melbourne, bat no further. Some three or four weeks after his disappearance, the body of a drowned person was found in a river in New South Wales, and, from certain marks about it, it was sup posed to be that of our missing friend. The iuquest was adjourned, to allow time for the production of evidence from Victoria, and twelve medical men, all of whom knew the missing party, were subpoenaed for the. pur pose of identifying him, or otherwise. The body was much decomposed, but some of the witnesses said that they would know if it was the missing man by the peculiar shape of one of his toes. The singularity of the affair lies in this. Six of the witnesses swore that it was the missing man, and six of them swore that it was not. Both sides were very posi tive. Some months after the inquest, a story was current that he had been seen at Texas, which story was .shortly afterwards followed up by another, that he was shot in a tavern in South America. Then came other reports, that he was living in great magnificence in all sorts of out-of-the- way places. But whether he is alive or not, no one in the colony knows, and to this day the mystery is not cleared up, and probably never will be.' ' And the depositors' money V aoked the lawyer. .=-, ; 'Was ne/er heard of. Vanished. If he was drowned, he did net like to part with it, and he took it into the other world with him.' Everybody at the table was much interested in the story, and commented upon it j after which there was a lull in the conversation. ' I have a great surprise in store for you to-night,' said Mr.1' Blemish, addressing a gen tleman of about sixty years of age, whose face was covered with iron-grey whiskers, beard, and moustache. From some unexplained cause, the gentle man addressed looked suddenly and excitedly into the face of his host, and exclaimed, in a quick, nervous voice — ? ' A surprise !' ' Yes, and I hope a pleasant one.' 'What surprise?' he asked, in the same agitated manner. 'Nay,' returned Mr. Blemish, gently, 'it will not be a surprise if I tell you before hand.' The flush that had risen to that portion of the gentleman's face which the iron-grey whis kers, beard, and moustache allowed to be seen, slowly died away, and was replaced by a whitish-grey tint, which almost made him look like the ghost of an antique warrior. He debated within himself for a few moments, and then, taking out his pocket-book, wrote upon a leaf, ' I shall take it as a particular favour if you will let me know what is the surprise you have in store for me ; I have urgent reasons for asking ;' and passed it, folded, to his host. Mr. Blemish read it, smiled, and wrote beneath, in reply, ' Do you remember your brother?' and repassed the paper to his guest. ' Brother !' exclaimed that gentleman, in a voice betokening that, although he was con siderably astonished, he was also considerably relieved. ' Yes,' said Mr. Blemish, ' your brother Nicholas.' ' Good heavens !' exclaimed Mr, Matthew Nuttall ; and the rest of the quests stared bard at him. Excepting Mr. David Dibbs, who was not disposed to be diverted from the serious occupation of eating and drinking, for Mr. David DibbB lived to eat ; ho did not eat to live. It is a shock to a man to be wrenched, without forewarning, from the (groove in which his life has been gliding for twenty years. For fully that time Mr. Matthew Nuttall, engrossed in his own pursuits and his own cares, had never once thought of his brother ; and, now, at the very mention of his name, memories, long buried and forgotten, .floated upon his mind like the sudden rising of a ghostly tide. ' Have you seen him 1' he asked. ' No,' said Mr. Zachariah Blemish, ' I learned by accident that he has but lately ar rived in the colony. Singularly enough, he had a letter of introduction to me from some of my people at home, and Mrs. Blemish, out of respect to you, invited him this evening to meet you.' ' Mrs. Blemish is always kind. I shall be very glad to see Nicholas,' said Mr. Matthew Nuttall, slowly . and thoughtfully ; and then the conversation became more general. '' Sheep are rising in the market, are they not, Mr. Dibbs?' asked the member of the Upper House. - 'It's time theyiwas,' replied the, great, squatter, his mouth full of pine-apple. '' ' The people are complaining loudly of the price oi bee!, observed the democratic mem ber of the Lpwer House. 'They're always a-growlin',' said Mr. David Dibbs, who, having swallowed his pine apple, was enabled to speak with greater clear ness. 'They don't know what they want, don't the people. Beef ought to be double the price. My motto all'as been, ' Live and let live/ They lay the blame., on us squatters, but it's the butchers as stipks it on.' ' It lies between the two of you, I suppose. Did you read in the papers '(hat Mr. Froth said at the Eastern Market last night that the squatters were the ruin of the country f asked the member of the Lower House, who, in virtue of his position, did all he could to make himself disagreeable. ' Mr. Froth wants his head punched,' said Mr. Dibbs, elegantly, 'and £ wouldn't mind a-doin' rof it for him. ' Why doesn't he stick to his business ? He's a ignorant, lazy— a— a — ' Here Mr. Dibba wanted a word, and could not get it. . ' Demagogue,' suggested one of the guests. ' That's it. He's a ignorant, lazy dema gogue, and is always trying to stir up the mob.' ' The faot of it is, sir,' said'the member of the Upper House, seizing the opportunity to jive a blow to democracy, ' the people, as you eall them^re a discontented set. Manhood suffrage 1? s done it all. No man ought to have a vote who has not a property qualifica tion.'/ 'Quite right, sir,' said Mr. Dibbs. 'A glass of wine V ' With pleasure. For,- sir, what is the ^result ?' (This oracularly, as if he were ad dresaing the House.) 'These men, sir, who have- no property, but have a vote, exercise -a pressure upon property detrimental to the interests of gentlemen who have property. What has property to do with them, or what have they to do with property ? When they have property, let them speak; until then, let them be silent, and not interfere, with what doeB not concern them.' 'Them's my sentiments,' nodded Mr. Dibb3, approvingly, helping himself to more wine and pine-apple. 'To what, sir, is this state of things to be attributed?' continued the orator. 'The answer is plain. It is to be attributed to the unfortunate state of independence in which the working-man finds himself in these colo nies. The working-classes all over the world, sir, are democratic, often .dangerously demo cratic. But in such a country as England, they are kept in their proper position by a sense of dependence. They cannot .afford to quarrel with their bread and butter there Bui, sir, when the working-man lands upon these shores, this spirit of dependence vanishes. Speaking vulgarly, sir, he says within himself, ' Jack's as good as his master ;' and acting up to the spirit of that old adage (the author of it, sir, ought to have been put into the pillory) — acting, I say, again, sir, up to the spirit of that adage, he aims ajjlow at the interests of all of us who have property in -the colony. He does not pay property the respect to which it is entitled. He becomes democratic to a dangerous degree, and has no regard for con servative interests. This must be put a stop to, sir. It is incumbent upon us, who are loyal subjects, to put a Btop to it — as loyal subjects, I say, sir, for we all know what is the meaning of democracy. . It behoves all of us who have settled interests in the colony to look sharply about us. ' We must, if necessary, band together for the. protection of our own interests; and, above all, sir, we must stick to the Constitution.' 'Quite right again, sir,', assented Mr. Dibbs, whose only idea of the Constitution was thirty thousand pounds a year for hitri self. . All the guests, with the exception of the member of the Lower House, agreed to the proposition that they must stick to the Consti tution. The way that poor word was tossed about, and flung across the table and back again, was deplorable. It was settled that the Constitution was in danger, and, at all hazards, must be protected. No one could define precisely the nature of the danger. It appeared, as far as could be gathered, to re solve itself into this — that times were very dull, and that, therefore, the Constitution was imperilled. They all, with one exception, appeared to think that something was very wrong somewhere, and that tho country was in a most distressing condition. Mr. Zacha riah Blemish was the only person at the table who ventured to remark that ' We are young, gentlemen, we are young, and Lave plenty of time before us for improvement. In all new colonies evils are sure to creep in. We have a fine estate in our hands, gentlemen ; one of the finest estates in the world, and all it wants is proper management. Certainly the state of commercial morality is very bad — ' Ah, here was a theme ! Commercial mo rality ! The guests grew eloquent upon it. The member of the Upper House said it was deplorable; the member of the Lower House saie it was disgraceful ; the leading physician said it was frightful ; the leading lawyer said it was unparalleled; Mr. Dibbs said it was beastly ; and they raised their hands and their eyes, and shook their beads as much as to say, ' Is it not dieadful that we, who are immacu late, who are undefiled, should live in the midst of such a state of things, without being able to remedy the evil?' But the most im pressive of all was Mr. Zachariah Blemish ; and, as a merchant of the highest standing, his words were listened to with deep atten tion. ' ,; ' Commercial morality,' he said, ' was at its lowest ebb. The spirit of over-speculation among traders was something frightful to con template, and disastrous results were sure to follow. Indeed, indications of the approach ing crisis were already observable in the re cords of the Insolvency Court. It was all occasioned by the easiness with which men got credit — men who commenced with nothing* who had nothing, with the exception of self, assurance, and who speculated recklessly, with the knowledge that when the crash came — and come it must, sooner or later, with such like speculators — their creditors would only be too glad to take five shillings in the pound ; would feel delighted at seven shillings and six pence ; would congratulate themselves at ten shillings; and then, after giving a full release, would actually do business again, upon terms, with' the very man who had robbed them. Where was honesty 1 Where was morality ? What would become of vested interests if that sort of thing were to continue? Steps must be taken— it behoved all of them to take steps. ,r A check must be put to. the spirit of reckless speculation, and he himself had some idea of initiating a movement in furtherance of the desired result. All that was required was that merchants should be true to themselves and their own interests, and the country would soon recover from' its present depressed condition. And after the utterance of these platitudes, Mr. Zachariah Blemish stuck his thumbs in his waistcoat pockets, and looked round upon his guests, who, one and all, bowed down to the spirit of honor and integrity shining in the face of their merchant host ! To he Continued. Loss of a Passenoee Steamed.— On Satur day, tho Batavior, stcam-vesscl, which was on her voyage from London to Rotterdam, came in collision in Barking Reach, with the Turkish screw man-of- war Charkee. The Charkeo pene trated the Batavier eight feet, and it was at once evident that the latter must sink. The boats of the two steamers were immediately lowered, and the whole of the passengers, with the exception of a boy belonging to the crew, and a child who was sleeping in the cabin, and in the confusion was overlooked; were saved. Soon afterwards, the steamer went down. The passengers lost the whole of their luggage, and some of thorn, it is stated, the whole of their earthly possessions. Violet Peefume. — Drop twelve drops of oil of rhodium on a piece of loaf sugar, grind this well in , a glass mortar, and mix it thoroughly with threef pounds of orris-root powder. This will re^mbjSjrthe' perfume of violet. -If more oil of rnwjjram JjoMwded, a rose perfumo, instead of violetiWiU be; produced, j 