Tub Cup Day -November 7. Tlie night before the Cup, the great rice of the year, is always a very eventful one, and consequently the various sporting liouscsare always crowded with the layers and.takers at the odds. This time there was no exception to the rule, i and about IS o clock it was a very difficult matter to get post the Bull and Mouth, Garnet's Head, the Albion, and the i various sporting cigar shops, whfre prominent characteristic, 1 a weekorsoago, was 'the lift' which usually adorned the . window, llie new Betting Act, which has lately came into force, has entire!}' put down this sort of tiling, and by tlie waj-, in my previous communication I had forgotten to men tion that, notwithstanding tho stringency of the Act, 'the list men' mustered as stronc as over on ' the hill,' apparently ; with Impunity, but they were all summoned on Tuesday, at ] the city police court, and as it would not suit them to get | convicted before the Cup was decided, they managed to get ; the various cases postponed fora week. There was very little j betting to report on the eve of tho Cup day ; but consequent on ber running in the Melbourne Stakes Contessa was made a strong favourite at 4 to 1 ; The Ace, who had been doing good work during the week, was also greatly fancied, while Dag worthtod also partly retrieved his position. Owing to the manner in which Quack was beaten for tlieEnsendon Stakes, his friends were greatly afmid that his chance was anything j but a good one, but some good judges, conspicu- ; ous among whom were Mr. Tait, were quite satis | ned about his Saturday's running, and were more certain than ever that the liorse would run a remarkayy good race in the Cup. After results proved this opinion to be a correct one, and the more I see of racing the firmer my opinion is that, us a 'good judge,' Mr. Talt, or as he is justly called, ' Honest John,' has few equals this side of the Hue. But, In writing thus about the result of tlie Cup, I am putting the cart before rtie liorse, and I shall liaxk back by saying that the morning of Thur»day broke glori ously fine, and everything betokened that the Cup day would indeed be a grand one, From an early hour in tlie morning thousand* of visitors began to arrive from the country, and about starting time the inain streets presented more thoappearance of a ' Paddy's Market' rather than that of the streets ot a targe oity. I need hardly say I mlose'l the familiar cry of 'Baudwlclt, liandwiclt, races, races;' but this was more of a benefit than a loss ; and as regards convey ing people to tlie races, tlie Melbourne system can honestly be termed perfect. By booking at an office in town the pas sengers are conveyed 'in cars to the train* and from uience are lauded richt on to tlie course, without experiencing any j trouble, which I need hardly say is a vast and wonderful improvement upon tlie system in vogueat Eandwick. A* tho railwuy 6tation tberf* was every sign of the attendance bekig on immense one. Each train was fairly rushed, ana nstln;y i started every five minutes, it can easily be imagined that in a couple of hours some thousands of people nni6t have been conveyed to tho course. It is exactly five years ago since I hod the honour ol raprewntiug BclFs Life in Sydnry at the Cup j meeting, and I thought that 'lie 20,000 people who then saw t--c Cup run would hardly be improved up)it ; but I was never ' Wiard 'enough to fnresee that in five years time this ' large attendance would be fairly donbled. The attendance was more than immense, it was actually marvellous, and my readers who have never been fortunate enough to see a Mel bourne Cup decided. on easily imagine the pleasing sight tho lawn and stand presented, when I tell them that there were ' fair women ' present who could be numbered by thousands, ?Iraned in the latest and gave^t fashions. Overhead, oa ?? Hie Hill,' there were thousands' of 'brave men' paoked as close I as sardines, while the many thousands oq tiw flat helped to swell a total which must hnvennobed the satisfactory number uf 1-,OW. Defers Hie first rare started * hot wind set in, whio!i somewhat intcrfereiwlth thesoeoess of the d«y, but the racing, gjad £tavliug,sod general management. could not be Improved upon, Midi can consistently aay thatertr»«ilB» went ofT as 'merry as a marriage 1»1L' The-baUiSaS with Uie Maiden P&», which proved to be an easv riofiSf King of Clubs, but he would not have altogett^SitalJhS own way bad tbe good looking Secret beta u fiHs I BhwUd like te have seen Mm. When it was seen that xJup&Zi; was among the seven starters in the Hailway Blake? rS hardly say that he was made an immense favourite^ a to! being freely laid on him. Pyrrlius and Mue PeteJ cut out .the work from the jamp. *Sta Liui Oarou was never nearer than third, a noriK which he occupied at the finish, some lr»een lenstbsin th? roar ofW Peter, who easily a&osed; o^rrtm SSfag^ the straight, and won by three lengths. I coula not uSder standLoup s running as he waB only giving tho winner seven pounds and after their nniniug ut the late HaBdwicltmeetuiB I was actually thunder struck tu sec Blue Peter ttivehtan gool Btone beating. This brought us down to the Cunfor which twenty-two numbers were placed on tlie teUSraDh board ; Hamlet, P.iTrhus, «nd Kidgflslicr being the onl?thrw who were scratched since tbe last acceptance day As tha various nags took their preliminary canters the excitement was intense, ouch horse being closely fcanned by their admirers. Of course Diigwortu was the first I paid my devoirs to, and I felt quite satisfied that his Saturday gruelling liad done him a deal of guod. I do not pretend to know moretban mostpeopleabonttrainuig,butlcouldeasilv see that the horse was not tit ; he appeared thort. of work, as if he wanted, two or three good sound gallops. Mr, Tdit's horses both appeared to be 'pink' while the Ace and Irish Kins looked remarkably well. I was quite pleated with the Ace and I believe that he will turn out to be the best weight for age liorse in the land. It would take up too much time nnd space to describe the nags in exteuso, more especially as theBungatira, steamer, leaves for Sydney to-night(Thursday) and I shall content myself with saying that tlie condition of the horses was generally pretty good. They were started on pretty evenjterms, Benjeroo, Valentine, and Count occudv ingthe front positions for the first three-quarters of a mile (King of the Sing being the actual last), after which time Ace Quack, and Patriarrh took Valentine and Count's positions' Mr. Lee's i-olt entered the straight with a slight 'ead of Quack aud Ace, Barbelle being next; but when fairly landed in the straight. Quack went to. the front, was never afterwards beaded, and won very easily by three lengths. Dagwortii came like a racehorse in tire straight, passed Barbelle inside tl) distance, and was only beaten by a head for second place On Wednesday evening, Uie stewards met to oonslder the protest against Contessa, and dismissed it upon the grounds that the Act of the committee in en dorsing Sydney ditqualificntioHs was illegal, with out a special general meeting of the olub had been convened to consider biicu clause. After tile Cup excitement the Hurdle Kace felt somewhat flat, and after a very interest! no race, tlie favourite. Polka, pulled her backers through, but the result might have been different hail Gufl'er Grey not stumbled at the hist hurdle but one. The Darling Stakes, for which Warrior was a great favourite, wai the last event of the daj-, and he quite justified thi confidence of his frlnds, winning very easily by any distance Kiunigjn second, and Planterthird. The following are the particulars : — Maiden Plate.— A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 150 sovi added. Pnr3 yrs old, 7st: 4yrs, 9stj 5yrs, SistSlb; 6yrs and aged, 9st 101b. One mile aud a half. Mr, E. Jellett's ch c King of Clubs, 3 yrs. 7st ( Jtllett) ... 1 E. Leo's b c Tlie Secret, 3 yrs, 7st (Bryant) ... ... 2 J.F.WilBon'BbfBnnshiiie,3yrs,i5t(\V. Wilson) ... 8 G. Livingtone's b o Einglcader, 3 yrs T. Henry's brf The Queen (late Queen of Clubs), 3 yrs (Lynch.) R. J. Hunter's ch c LoMiair, i yrs (Swales) E. DeMcstre's b c Horatio, s yra (M. Thompson) S. W'aldcck'sch f Sunrise, S yrs (Ch .Iker) T. J. Ityan's cli m Adelina, 4 yrs (Hales) F. dozer's b g Telegraph 3 yrs (S. Davis) Betting.- 2 to 1 v. Sunshine, 4 to 1 v. Secret,' 5 to 1 Horatio. After a couple of breaks away, in which Kinglcader was tlm mostpi'Oiniiicntonender.thestai'ter desuatclic-d them on very even terms. King of Clubs and Ringleader being i be first to show in advance, ih« others Mug all in a cluster, save Secret and Sunshine, wlin did not occupy vcrv good positions. As they rounded the river turn, the two'leaders were running neck and neck-, Lot hair third, about a leugtll behind, the others still being together. No m.iterinl alteration ccurred until after passing the Bailway- brdge, wheu King of Clubs and Ringleader increased tlieir lead; but Sunshine and Secret now began tu improve their positions, none of the others apparently having the ghost of a chance. The Queen being a very baj last. Passing the abattoirs Buliflline and Secret began to close on the leaders, and as they entered the straight the four were all together, the rest of the field, at the head of whom was Horatio, being three or four lengths in the rear ( f Secret, A good race took place up tlie straight, between the leaders, and inBide the distance Secret made a great effort and got to the head of the leader, but the advantage was only momentary, and she died away, King of Clubs winning very cleverly by a length, SunshinethirJ, about the same distanoB iu the rear of the Becond horse ; Horatio fourth. Time, 2mln 4'Jsec. . liailxvi.v Stakes, a sHve.pst.tkes of .5 snvs each, with 1C0 sovaadded; for 3 yrs old, 7st 31b ; 4yrs,9st; 5 yrs, 9st71b; 6 yrsand aged, 9st 91b. Winner of any race of the value of IID sovs to carry 71b extra; of two or more such races, 111b extra. l\ mile. Mr. P. Loots' b c Blue Peter, by Kingston— Blue Bell, 3 yrs, 7st 31b (including 71' penalty) (Mattllewson) 1 J. Tait'lb ll l'yrrhus, by New Warrior- Kiila,5yrs, 9=t 71b, (J. Ashworth) ... ... .. 2 W. Winch's lire Loup Garou, by Lord of Limie— Hebe 3 yrs, 8st 31b (including 141b penalty), (BromO ??? 3 H. Phillip's b f Missies Daughter, 3 yrs, 7st :iib (Day) E; Lane's b c Pertobe/3yis, 7st 31b ( W. Enaerson.) Betting ; 2 to 1 on Loup Garou, 3 to 1 v. Bine Pctfr, 3 to 1 Pyrrhus. Agood start was affected, Pyrrhns being the first to show iu advance, followed by Blue Feter, Fertobe, loup Garnu, and Missies Daughter, in the order named. Passing Uie bridge Pyrrhus led by half a length, Pcrtobe third, and Loup Garou about three lengths behind the latter, Missies Daughter any distance in the roar, and already out of It. They ran in the same order until passing the training shed?, where Loup closed on the leaders, and Pertrobe fell back beaten, but the great 'Wolf' was never able to catch tlie leaders, and as they entered the straight Blue Peter was !'i front, Lnup Garou tftiri?; nbo-jt a length bel!;.!-! the seogio* horse. As they ettiiie up tlie straight the ' maroon and gold' whs in front, and remained in ihrd position to the finish. Blue Peter winning very easily by three length.', Loup Garou, who was not persevered with, third, about fifteen lengths behind the winner, Ptrtobe fourth, and Missies Daughter fifth. Time, 2rain I8sec. Melbourne Cup, a sweepstakes of 20 sovs each, 10 ft, or 5 if declared, with 300 added. The dinner of any handicap race of the value of 200 bovs after tile declaration of* the weights, to oarry 51b extra; of two or more sur.li races, 81b extra; of any such race of tho value of 100 sovs 31b extra; of two or more Euch races, 51b extra. The 6ecomi horse to receive 50 eovs, and the third to save his stake. T»o miles. Mr. J Twit's b h The Quack, by l'ctcr WilkiiisQuick step. 6 yrs, Jst 131b (Including 31b penalty) (W. Enderson) ... .. ... ... 1 T. J. Kyan's b c The Ace, by Ace of Clubs. 4 yrs, 8st 61b (Hales) ... ... ... 2 B. Bloomfield'ab li Dagwortii, !-}? Tartendon— Kutciit, 4 yrs, 7s 121b (including 81b penalty), (Donnelly) 3 E. Lee's ch m Barbelle, aged, Sst 71b (J. Kean) A.Cb.irnside'(ibgThe Baron, aged, 8st lib P. 3. Keighran's us b g Valentine, aged, Sst lib J. J. Miller's ch h Irish King, 4 yrs, 8st J. Tail's clih The Count, S yrs, Sst dl- (Including 81b penalty). (Lewi=) A. Saqui's br h Misty Morn, R yrs, rst 91b (Hough) VI. Men an's bh Emblem, S jts, 7st911- (Corrigan) A. Chirnside's b m Gironde, 4 yrs, 7st 71b (Howe) E. Whitehead's b li Boatman, aged, 7st 41b (Bees) W. Eilgate's bl m Contcasa, 4 yrs, 7st 31b (Snerringbam) J. Coldham's b h Early Morn, 4 yrs, 7st 41b (Including 3lb penalty), (J. Wilson) J. Thompson's h c King of the Ring, s yrs, 6st 181b (W. Wilson) J. Erans' orli Planter, S jts, 8st 101b (Griibb) W. P Igate's b f Dolphin, 4 yrs, Ost 81b (Chalker) A. Ciiirnside's br f Shannon, 4 yrs, 0=t 41b (Nowlan) C. S. King's b c Bcjiroo, 4 yre.tlst 41b B. Lea's b c Patriarch, 3 yrs, «st (Cracknel!) J. M'Farland's b li AthelsUne,6 yrs, ost 71b (Robinsnn) A. Andwson's ch g Novice (late Alfred), aged, 5st!lb (Swinnie) Batting : 4 to l-each v Cuntessa and The Ace. 5 to 1 v Dag worth, tl to 1 vTho Quack, 7 to 1 v King of the King, 10 to 1 each v Dolphin and Boatman, 15 to 1 each v Barbelle and Vallentlne, and 100 to s v any other. This is a very difficult race to describe, owing to tlie clouds of dust that every now and again swept over the course, but after some delay at the pest, owing to the fractiousness of Contessa, a capital start was effected. The colours of Ben jirao Valentine and Tbe Cnuut, were tlie most prominent in the von. King of he Bing being last. They passed the stand in that order, and rounded the river turn, wneve Misty Morn, Patriarch, and the Qnack were their immediate foUowers, but The Ace aud Barbelle occupied very good positions. As they passed tbe bridge The Count beat a retieit, The Quack tunning into fourth place in waiting on Benjaroo, Valentine, and Patriarch. These four drew right away from the others, the field running in two divisions, The Ace being iu front aiid Dagwortii in the centre of the rear one, until approaobing the Ab.ittiors, where The Quack and Ace were running third and fourth ; Barbelle, Misty Morn and Dagtrorth having im proved theii- positions. Passing the training sheds, Patriarch gave the go-bv to Benjlroo, who how began to feel the pace wurni, aud in turn he was passed by Tbe Quack, wua, nt tins stage, looked all over a winner. Tide tliree-year-old led until they were fairly landed in the straight, when The Quack took Uie lead, Benjiroo third, Ace, EarbtJlo, Misty Morn, and Dagworlli, all in a cluster, the rest nowhere. Up ihestraight The Qnack increased his lead, despite the efforts of tbe Ace, who passed' Patriarch half-way up the straight, and the for mer eventually won very easily by three lengths. Barbelle came up well, and was running third to within fifty yards of the post, when Dagworth, who came wit.ua wet mil, passed her, and the ' Metrnp winner ' was only beaten by a liead for second place, Barbelle fonrth. Time, 3 min. 69 sees. Hurdle Eace, a handicap sweeprtakes of 7 eovs each, hft, with 15 sovs added. About3 miles. Mr. J. Brown'n b m Polka, 6 jts, lOst. (Walters) ... 1 P. Glenister's g g G-atfVr Grey, 6 yrs, lOst 41b (Cuif n»y) — .. ....... 2 —Bradshaw'B b s Doubtful, 5 yrs, lOst 41b (Drien) E. Jellctt's ch g Hotspur, aged, 1 1st 71b b m Fair Veil, aged, list 41b K. Orr's brg Brownie, used, llst(Morris) D. Robinson's bg Dread (late Alarm, late Potatoes), aged lOst Tib ttluUivan) ' P. Lewis' brh Tomahawk, aged, 10st7lb (Enderson) — Ancbester's b g Tatjara, aged, lost 51h (Williams) J. Coldham's b g Horizon, aged, lOst 81b (Hardy) E. Wakley's b it Native, aged, lOst (Walters) J. Bedfern's brm Heather Bell, aged, lOst A.a.BarUett'st)gBismark, aged, lost E. tower's bl g Touchit. aged, «st 101b (Griffin) G. Wateon's ch g Momalong, nged.Sst lolbfWeaton) C. S. King's ch m Beeswiiiir, aged, Sst 81b (Jones) P Parslnw's g m Mermaid, 6yrs, SKt7Ib(Ad-feriey; W. E. DooWn'sbg Clodhopper, 6yre, drawn. Betting : 4 to 1 each r Polka and Gaffer Grey. When they had gone once round. Polka, Gaffer Grey, Native, and Heather Bell were all that were *n it, and the toroierwon very easily by four lengths. The Darling stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 tovseaoh, with 100 added ; for 3 jts old. 7st ; 4 yrs, Sst ; 5 yrs, flst 81b ; 6 yrs and aged,9stl01b 1J mile. The winner to be sold for 200 sovs. Mr B Sevior's b g Warrior— by New Woirior— Annie Lam-in, age3, 9st 71b (Ashworth) ... .;. 1 H Gallagher's bg Finnigan (late Tim Pinnigan), aged, flrt 71b-6aU»gher) ... .. ... 2 J. Arthur's bm Foam, 8 yrs, 9stfilb (Long) ... 3 E. Jellett's li h Planer, 6 yrs, tot ( Jelletti 3 S Bromfield's ch f Eliminook, Byrs, 9st 91b (8. Davis) T. Ivory's 1- g Sir Hercules, aged, Sst 71b (T. Bennett) Betting— 2 to 1 on tVarrior, 3 to 1 each v Foam and Sir The start was a eood one, Foam leading, and Eliminook beine next, 'Warrior. Sir Hercules, and Planet as in Uie order named. Thoy ran in Indian filo, about a length between them, until possiug tlie Abattoirs, where Finnigan took tlie lead ; but, at tbe sheds, Ashworth let Worrlor out, when ho at once went «o the front, was never afterword's cauehtj nnrt wou,lisnds down, by ten lengths; Planet third, about half that d/.sUnce behind Uie second huae. 