THE REV, CHARLES CLARK. LECTURE ON « CHRISTMAS". The Rev. Charles Clark is facile princeps among our lecturers, but it was a hold experiment, for all that, for his committee to adopt a scale of prices which restricted the admission to the Town- — i hall balcony to the holders of guinea tickets. However, the balcony was fiiled at the price, and overflowed into the body below, where, if the full- dressed ladies can see lees than if they were seated, like Alexander's peers, "aloft in awful state,?' their escorts can hear more. There was no reserving of seats, but all the guinea crowd obtained places comfortably without any rush, or having to scramble in any way as guinea pigs ; the , only advantage secured by the ladies and gentlemen who stood patiently on the flags ; in Collins street for a quarter of an hour before the doors were open being that they had ihe pick of the front benches. The hall was three parts filled, the most of the eyesores in the way of vacant seats being under the gallery. The lecture entertainment of the even ing had been given twice before by Mr. Clark, so that it is something wonderful he should have filled the building as he did, and when he comeS to discourse on Dickens, where the read ings must necessarily display all his peculiar hiBtrionlc powers, we may expect that he will pack the hall from " stem to stern." The Hon. J. G; Francis occupied the chair on Saturday, and the deacons of the Albert street Chapel were on the platform, including the Hon. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C., H. George, Esq., and other gen tlemen, but that was the whole of the clerical " aid and comfort" awarded Mr. Clark. At least our eyes, though used with a lynx-like vigilance, failed to do more than detect one indiri uai whose black coat and white cl oker, arranged hair, jand general garb, confessed the clergyman. The audience would be to a very great extent a new jone, 'however, fojr ;'ny theatrical critic to meet. ... Some few regular amusement-se. kers were > there, .but. the bulk of the attendants are more: commonly seen in the best places i the churches and chapels than in the drees circles of the theatres, and though there 'was, as the lec turer would observe, " no end of dressing," the display was of the quiet,8olid, expensve style rathe than the mere airy and fashionable When it comes to a matter of. good taste and good Bilks, church and' chapel are' not easily out out. Mr. Clark's lecture has been described before, and faje did not modify it much. It consists of specimen carols chanted or sung by a selected choir, ! and introduced by the lecturer with " ap propriate remarks," the phrase meaning in this instance remarks that have' often little to do with the subject, but which do not fail of interesting and amusing the hearers. To follow Mr. Clark in his career from Bubject to subject would be as hope- lesB as to ch&Be; Charles Mathews in " Patter v. Clatter," and one does not know which is the oleverer performance of the two, though deoidedly at the present moment, taking the two men as they are, Mr. Clark is a long way the more fresh and the more humorous. Here it may be remarked that not even to Mr. Clark just yet has it been given to strike the key that shaU fill the hall without awaking that malignant demon in the shape of an echo that dwells in its lower parts. The question suggests itself whether a smaller hall, like that sf the Atheneeum, is not more adapted, on the whole, to the comfort of the speaker, whe does not have to strain his voice there, and of the audience, which does not have to .strain its attention. Mr. Clark, though he would not draw so much money, would he more enjoyed, and do himself a good deal more justice we imagine, in the smaller building, where his tones would have more variety, and his by-play would be better perceived. The most noticeable modification of the spoken part of the entertain ment was that in describing the ancient broad sheet carol in the British Museum, where the animals are represented joining in a part song with the angels, the lecturer did not give the bleating of the sheep nor the crow of chanticleer, but spoke the words in human tongue, whereupon a mild thrill of dis appointment went through the audience. Directly after that, however, one of the personal anecdotes in whioh Mr. Clark is most happy restored ladits and gentlemen— and especially the ladies — to all their smiles and romplacaucy. Taking them into his confidence, Mr. Clark informed them that the absence of the mistletoe from Victoria, though a source of regret, did not eo much matter alter all, for dim recollections of his own youth told him that pretty pouting lips preferred on the whole to be kissed/" onder the rose." An actor who can eat a meal heartily on the stage always'Cfalista the sympathies of the house. We are suto Mr. dark would say, and why should we hesitate 16 use -the phrase; that nothing goes down With th? pit like "tucking in," and the infinity and expressive gusto with whioh the lecturer described the , gastronomic feats of our daring wfcis "net lCfifSuponbalcony or chairs. So does the lank, lean Grevil e oonvuUe his house when he gets outside of huge basins of gruel in " A Night at Emerald Hill,' or devours whole pasties as Woppe the policeman, 'A stout gentleman could not do it — so much does comedy depend on physique. Apropos of the stage, Mr. Oiark mentioned that there was no knowing what j a man might come to m'AiisfcP&lia;, ahd'thQtfhTS6j did not feel disposed to accept an engagement at I the Theatre Royal, as it had been hinted he j might, yet he had learned' to recite 8hakepeare. In J proof of thiB he gave the passage in "Hamlet" j where Horatio and Maroeilus describe the cock I crow and its effect upon the perturbed ghost. But j the passage was not one cf the successes of the 1 evening. The surprise, fear,. »ud trembling, and I unconscious awe with which, the startled Danes j relate the supernatural episode are hot the I passions and phases over which Che too- I turer has the mastery. . .. . The _ recitation Fas ! not a patch on the counterfeit presentment .1 the lecturer gave afterwards of the manner j in which his mutinous Biddies are aoCuetemed to 1 announce their immediateintention of shkkhig off j their feet the dust of his household, giving Mrs. j Clark a week's notice, ton the spot. Su«h,as the! general applause which followed showed, is life in .1 Yictoria. Genteelcomedy is the leoturer's forte, I and if ever he takes thatengagement at the I Royal the management will oast him in Tom | Taylor, Bouoioault, or Sheridan, rather than in I Shakspeare. , I Mr. Clark was "very heartily applauded from 1 first to last, ahd'the vote of thanks Mr. Francis I moved was carried by acclamation, and with J great sincerity, and everybody who went, to the 1 one lecture will be apt to jgo to the second, antici- I pating a rich treat indeed from the lecturer's J delineations of the characters of Dickens. 1 Of the musical portion of the proceedings on Saturday, we . have -left. ouxbelves little limit tol speak. Madam Hirst, v fog Christian, Miss Basset t,aud Mrs. Horwitz were in excellent voioe, and Mr. Juniper Was hot, and the carols were : given in admirable style— very different, indeed, to the style most of the audience had heard them sung by voices not always sound, without accompaniment, in the drifting snow and cold J starlight of an English Christmas. The Swedish macaronic lay — j " Christ was born on Christinas Day, j Wreathe the holly, twine the bay," J was encored, and .only a desire not to prolong the 1 entertainment prevented others being so. Mrs. j Clark presided at the piano, and if the Christmas j lecture is ever given sgain in Melbourne, and if I there is any Christmas piece that can be dragged 1 in, ihe audience weuld esteem it a great and 1 singular favour if this accomplished player would I appear mora prominently on the scene. I 