DR. LIVINGSTONE. The following appeared in the New York Herald of July 20th : " fJjiji-on-Tiinganyika, November, 1871. "My deni-Sir,-It is, in general, some what difficult to write to one we have never aeon. It feels so much like addressing an abstract idea ; but the presence of your representative, Mr. H. M. Stanley, in this distant region takes away the strangeness I should otherwise have felt, and in writing to thank you for the extreme kindness that prompted you to send him I feel quite at home. "*? " If I explain the forlorn condition in which he found me, you will easily perceive that I have good reason to use very strong expressions of gratitude I came to Ujiji off a tramp of between 400 and 500 miles beneath a blazing vertical sun having been baffled, worried, defeated, and forced to return when almost in sight of the end of the geographical part of my mission, by a number of half-cast Moslem slaves, sent to me from Zanzibar, instead of men. The sore heart made still sorer by the truly woeful sights I had soon of ' man's inhumanity to man' re-acted on the bodily frame, and depressed it beyond measure. I thought that I was dying on my feet. It is not too much to say that almost every step of the weary sultry way I was in pain, and I reached Ujiji a mere ruckle of bones. Here I found that some £500 worth of goods I had ordered from Zanzibar had unaccountably been entrusted to a drunken half-caste Moslem tailor, who, after squandering them for sixteen months in the way to Ujiji, finished up by sell- ing off all that remained for slaves and ivory for himself. He had divined on the Koran, and! found that I was dead. He had also written to the Governor of Unyanyombe that he had sent slaves after me to Manyoma, who returned and reported my decease, and begged permission to sell off the few goods that his drunken appetite had spared. He, however, knew perfectly well from men who had soon me that I was alive and waiting for the goods and men ; but as for morality, he is evidently an idiot and there being lYo law here except that of the dagger or musket, I had to sit down in great weakness, destitute of everything save a few barter cloths and roads I had taken the precaution to leave here in case of extreme need. The near prospect of beggary among Ujijians made me miserable. I could not despair, because I laughed so much at a friend who, on reaching the mouth of the Zambozzi, said that he was tempted to despair on break- ing the photograph of his wife i we could have no success after that. After that the idea of despair has to me such a strong smack of the ludicrous, it is out of the question. | 'Well, when I had got to about the lowest verge, vague rumours of an English visitor ratchet! me. I thought of myself as the man who went down from Jerusalem to Jericho ; but neither priest, Lo wife nor Samaritan could possibly pass my way. Yet the good Samaritan was close at hand, and one of my people rushed up at the top of his speed, and in great excitement gasped out, 'An Englishman coming I I see him,' and off he darted to meet him. An American flag, the first over soon in those parts, at the head of a caravan, told me the nationality of the stranger, I am as cold and non-do monstrative as we islanders are usually reputed to be, but your kindness made my france thrill. It was indeed overwhelming, and I said in my soul, 'Let the, richest blessings descend from the Highest on you and yours The news Mr. Stanley had to tell me was thrilling ; the mighty political changes on the Continent, the success of the Atlantic cables, the election of General Grant, and many topics rivetted my attention for days together, and had an immediate and beneficial effect on my health. I had been without news from home for years, save what I could glean from a few Saturday Reviews and copies of Punch for 1808. The appetite revived, and in a week I began to feel strong again. Mr. E Stanley brought A most kind and encouraging despatch from Lord Clarendon, whose loss I sincerely deplore the first I have received from the Foreign Office since 1800-:imtl information that Hur Majos ty's Government had kindly sent £1,000 to my aid. Up to his arrival I was unaware of any pecuniary aid. I came unsalaried, but this want is now happily repaired, and I am anxious that you and and all my friends should know that, though in cheered by letters, I have stuck to the task which my friend Sir Roderick Murchison set me, with John Bullish tenacity, believing that all will come right at last. The watershed of South Central Africa is over 700 miles in length. The fountains thereon are almost innumerable-that is, it would take a man's lifetime to count them. From the watershed they converge into four large rivers, and these again into two mighty streams in the great Nile valley, which begins in 10 dog 12 deg. south latitude, It was long ere light dawned on the ancient problem and gave me a clear idea of the drain- age. I had to feel my way, and every step of the way, and was generally groping in the dark for who cared where the rivers ran j ' We drink our fill, and let the rest run by' The Portuguese who visited Cazembo asked for slaveS, ivory, and heard of nothing else. I asked about the waters, questioned and cross-questioned until almost afraid of being set down as afflicted with hydrocephalus. "My last work, in which I have been greatly hindered from want of suitable attendants, was following the central line of drainage down through the country of the cannibals, called Manyuema, or shortly Manyema. This line of drainage has four large lakes in it. The fourth I was near when obliged to turn. It is from one to three miles broad, and never can be waded at any point or at any time of the year. There are two western drains. The Lufira, or Bartle Frere's River, flows into it at Lake Kamolondo. Then the great river Loinami flows through Lake Lincoln into it too, and seems to form the western arm of the Nile on which Petherick traded. I " Now, I know about 600 miles of the watershed and, unfortunately, the seventh hundred is the most interesting of the whole, for in it, if I am not mistaken, four fountains arise from on earthern mound, and each of the four becomes, at no great distance off, a large river. Two of these run north to Egypt, LufiraandLoinamj.and two run south into Inner Ethiopia, as the Liam bar, or Upper Zambesi, and the Kafue. Are these not the sources of the Nile mentioned by the secretary of Minerva, in the city of Sale, to Herodotus ? I have heard of them so often, and at a great distances off, that I cannot doubt their 1 existence, and in spite of the sore longing for home which seizes me every time I think of my family, I wish to finish up by their re-discovery. " Five hundred pounds' worth of goods have again unaccountably been intrusted to BIOVOS, and have been over a year on the way, instead of four months. I must go to where they lie (Unyamyetnbe), at Mr. Stanley's and your expense, ere I can put the natural completion to my work and if my disclosure regarding the terrible Ujijian slaving should lead to the suppression of the East Coast slave trade, I shall regard that as a greater matter by far than the discovery of oil the Nile sources together. Now that you have done with domestic slavery for ever lend us your powerful aid towards this great object. This fine country is blighted as with a curse from above, in order that the slaving privileges of the petty Sultan of Zanzibar may not be in- fringed, and that the rights of the Crown of Portugal, which are mythical, should be kept in abeyance till some future time, when Africa will become another India to Portuguese slave dealers. " I conclude by again thanking you most cordially for your great generosity, and am gratefully yours, DAVID LIVINGSTONE.' " Mr. James Gordon Bennett, jun." From the New York Herald, July 27th.] "South-Eastern Central Africa, Feb. 1872. 1 " My dear Sir,-I wish to say a little about the slave trade in Eastern Africa. It is not a very inviting subject, and to some I may appear as supposing your readers to be very much akin to the old lady who relished her paper for neither births, deaths, or marriages, but for good racy bloody murders. I am, however, far from fond of the horrible often wish I could forget the scenes I have seen,- and certainly never try to inflict on others the sorrow which being a witness of ' man's inhumanity to man' has often entailed on myself. " Some of your readers know that about five years ago I undertook, at the instigation of my very dear old friend Sir Roderick Murchison, Bart., the task of examining the watershed of South Central Africa. The work had a charm for my mind, because the dividing line between North and South was unknown, and a fit object for exploration. Having a work in hand, I at first recommended another for the task ; but, on his declining to go without a handsome salary and something to fall back on afterwards, I agreed to go myself, and was encouraged by Sir Roderick saying, in his warm jovial manner, ' You will be the real discoverer of the sources of the Nile.' I thought that two years would be sufficient to go from the coast inland across the head of Lake Nyassa to the watershed, whatever that might be, and, after examination, try to begin a benevolent mission with some tribe on the slope roach to the coast. Had I known all the time, toil, hunger, hardships, and worry involved in that precious water-parting, I might have preferred having my head shaved, and a blister put upon it, to grappling with my good old friend's task. But, having taken up the burden, I could not bear to be beaten by it. I shall tell you a little about the progress made by-and-by. At present lot me give you a glimpse of the slave trade, to which the search and discovery of most of the Nile fountains has brought me face to face. The whole traffic, whether on land or ocean, is a gross outrage of the common law of mankind. It is carried on from ago to age, and in addition to the untold evils it inflicts, it presents almost insurmountable obstacles to intercourse between the different portions of the human family. This open sore in the world is partly owing to human cupidity, and partly to ignorance of the more civilised of mankind of the blight which lights chiefly on the more degraded. Piracy on the high seas was once as common as slave trading is now. But as it became thoroughly known the whole civilised world rose against it. In now trying to make the Eastern African slave trade better known to Americans, I indulge the hope that I am siding on, though in a small degree, the good time coming yet when slavery as well as piracy shall be erased from the world. " Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflicts on the victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalized by a long course of servitude with but few of the ameliorating influences that are vain more favoured races, are fair average specimens of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to domestic bondage, and all the depressing agonies of a most unhealthy climate. These have told most injuriously on their physical frames, while fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the population living free in the interior under their own chiefs and laws-cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rocky strata or under perennial ice. Winwood Reade hit the truth when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose is far nearer the typical negro than the West Coast African, who has been debased by the unhealthy land he lives in. Slaves generally and especially those on the West Coast, at Zanzibar and elsewhere are extremely ugly. I have no prejudice against their colour ; indeed, any one who lives long among them forgets that they are black, and feels that they are just follow them. But the low, retreating foreheads, prognathus jaws, lark heels, and other physical peculiarities common among slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feelings of aversion OF those with which we view specimens of the Bill Sykes and bruises ' class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply in the mine in which they are already sunk. But I wish to point out that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rule, fair average specimens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the head men of the great chief InBaina, who lives west of the south end of Tanganyika, had come together to make peace with certain Arabs who had burned their chief town, and I am certain one could not see more finely formed, intellectual heads in any assembly in London or Paris, and the faces and forms corresponded with the finely shaped heads. Insamahimself who had been a sort of Napoleon for fighting and conquering in his younger days, was exactly like the ancient Assyrians sculptured on the Nineveh marbles, as Nimrod and others and he showed himself to be one of ourselves by habitually indulging in copious potations of beer called bombs, and had become what Nathaniel Hawthorne called ' bulbous below the ribs. I don't know where the phrase ' bloated aris tourney ' arose. It must be America, for I have had glimpses of a good many English noblemen, and streams was the only specimen of a bloated aristocrat on whom I ever set my eyes. " Many of the women are very pretty, and, like all ladies would have been much prettier if they had only let themselves alone. Fortuna tely, the dears could not change their charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, nicely rounded limbs, well-shaped forms, and small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves; and this they do on, the busses by filing their splendid teeth to points like case' teeth. It was distressing, for it made their smile, which has so much power over us great he donkeys, like that of the crocodile. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do if they had none, but pout and lecture UB on women's rights V But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm, brown skins, tattooing various pretty devices without colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, serve theheraldicuses of our Highland tartans. They are not black, but of a light warm brown colour, and so very sister is if I may use the now coinage-it feels an injury done to oneself to see a bit of grass stuck through the cartilage of the nose, so as to bulge out the ale nan (wings of the nose of anatomists). Cnzembe's Queenstown a Ngombe by name would be esteemed a real beauty either in London, Paris, or New York, and yet she had a small hole through the cartilage, near the tip of her fine slightly aquiline nose. But she had only filed one side of the two front of her superb snow- white teeth and then what a laugh she had Let those who wish to know go and see her carried to her farm in her pony phaeton, which is a sort of throne fastened on two very long poles, and carried by 12 stalwart citizens. If they take Punch's motto for Cazembe, ' Niggers don't require to be shot here, as their own, they may show themselves to be men ; but, whether they do or not, Cazembe will show himself a man of sterling good sense. " Now those people, so like ourselves externally, have genuine human souls. Rua, a very large section of country north and west of Cazembo's, but still in the same inland region, is peopled by men very like those of Tasmania and Cazembe. An Arab, Syde Bin Habib, went to trade in Run two years ago, and, as the Arabs usually do where the natives have no guns, Sydo Bin Habib's elder brother carried matters with a high hand. The Rua men observed that the elder brother slept in a white tent, and, pitching their spears into it by night, killed him. As Moslems never forgive blood- shed, the younger brother forthwith run amuck on all indiscriminately in a large district. Let it not be supposed that any of these people are like the American Indians insatiable bloodthirsty savages, who will not be reclaimed or enter into terms of lasting friendship with fair dealing strangers. Had the actual murderers been demanded, and a little time been granted, I feel morally certain, from many other instances among tribes who, like the Ra Rua, have not been spoiled by Arab traders, they would all have been given up. The chiefs of the country would first of all, have specified the crime of which the elder brother was guilty, and who had been led to avenge it. It is very likely that they would stipulate that no other should be punished but the actual perpetrator. Domestic slaves, acting under his orders, would be considered free from blame. I know of nothing that distinguishes the uncontaminated Africana from other degraded peoples more than their entire reasonableness and good sense. It is different after they have had wives, children, and relatives kidnapped ? but that is more than human nature, civilized or savage, can bear. In the case in question, indiscriminate slaughter capture, and plunder took place. A very large number of very fine young men were captured and secured in chains and wooden yokeS. I came near the party of Syde Bin Habib close to the point where a huge rent in the mountains of Run allows the escape of the great river Lua labor out of Lake Moore. And here I had for the first time an opportunity of observing the difference between slaves and freemen made captives. When fairly across Lualaba, Syde thought his captives safe, and got rid of the trouble of attending to and watching the chained gangs by taking off both chains and yokes. All declared their joy and perfect willingness to follow Syde to the end of the world or elsewhere, but next morning 22 made clear off to the mountains. Many more on seeing the broad Lualaba roll between them and the homes of their infancy, lost all heart, and in three days eight of them died. They had no complaint but pain in the heart, and they pointed out its seat correctly ; though many believe that the heart is situated underneath the top of the sternum or breastbone. This to me was the most startling death I ever saw. They evidently died of brokenheortednosB, and the Arabs wondered, ' seeing they had plenty to eat.' I saw others perish, particularly a very fine boy of 10 or 12 years of ago. When asked where he felt ill. he put his hand correctly and exactly Over the heart. He was kindly carried, and as he breathed out his soul was laid gently on the side of the path. The captors were not unusually cruel. They were callous slaving had hardened their hearts. When Syce, who was an old friend of mine, crossed the Lualaba, he heard that I was in a village where a company of slave traders had been furiously assaulted for three days by justly incensed Babcemba. I would not fight nor allow my people to fire if I saw them, because the Babeomba had been especially kind to me. Syde sent a party of his own people to invite me to leave the village by night, and come to him. He showed himself the opposite of hard-hearted ; but slaving ' hardens all with- in, and petrified the feelings.' It is bad for the victims and ill for victimised. " I once saw a party of 12 who had been slaves in their own country, Lundu, or Lands, of which Cazembo as chief or general. They were loaded with large heavy wooden yokes, which are forked trees about three inches in diameter, and seven or eight foot long. The dock is inserted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across from one end of the fork to the other, and rivetted ; the other end is tied at night to a tree or to the ceiling of a hut, and the neck being firm in the fork, the slave is held off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads put on the slaves' heads besides. Women, having in addition to the yoke and load a child on the back have said to me on passing, ' They are killing me ; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads.' One who spoke thus did die, and the poorlittlegirl, her child perished of starvation. I interceded for some but, when unyoked, off they bounded into the long grass, and I was gently blamed for not caring to preserve the owner's property. After a day's march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads, the strongest are exhausted. The party of 12 above mentioned were sitting singing and laughing. ' Hallo I' said these fellows take to it kindly ; this must be the class for whom philosophers say slavery is the natural state, and I went and asked the cause of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of the word rush, which usually means to fly or to leap. They were using it to express the idea of painting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and death and the song was Yes, we are going away to Monga (abroad or white man's land with yokes on our books but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall return and haunt and kill you. The chorus then struck in was the name of the man who had sold each of them, and then followed the general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perombe, an old man of at least 104 years, had been one of the sellers. In accordance with African belief, they had no doubt of being soon ohio, by ghost power, to kill over him. Their refrain as if, " ' Oh, oh, oh " ' Bin! of freedom, of ' You sold me, oh, oh, oh ! "'1 shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh 1 " The laughter told not of mirth, but of the terms of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. He that is higher than the highest regarded." " About north-easter Ruo we have a very large country called Manyuomo, but by the Arabs it is shortened into Mnnyema. It is but recently known. The reputation which the Manyuenia enjoyed of being cannibals prevented the half caste Arab traders from venturing among them. The circumstantial details of the practices of the man-eaters, given by neighbouring tribes, were confirmed by two Arabs who two years ago went as far as Bumbarra, and secured the protection and friendship of Moonokus-lord of the light gray parrot with scarlet toil-who was a very superior man. The minute details of cannibal orgies given by the Arabs' attendants stood by the sheer excess of the shocking. - Hod I believed a tenth part of what I was told I might never have ventured into Manyuenia ; but, fortunately my mother never frightened me in infancy with " Bogie " and stuff of that sort, and I am not liable to fits of bogie Gambia, in which disease the poor patient he loves everything awful if only it is attributed to the owner of a black skin. I have heard that the complaint was epidemic lately in Jamacia, and the planters' mothers have much to answer for. I hope that the disease may never spread in the United States. The people there are believed to be inoculated with common sense. To continue!,! 