ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night, atthe Prinoe of Wales, the play of "Camflle" was presented. Itis to be supposed that controversy has ceased as to the moral aspects of this play. The play is the same, the opera of. " Travista" is the same, and Dumas fils' novel of "La Dame aux Camellias" is the same. Controversy did not abolish any one of them. Fierce denunciation left them—each one—aspopu lar as before, or perhaps it would be right to say that it left them more popular. Not that it improved them, or that it persuaded their several authors to modify them, so as to make them less in antagonism with the purer social ethics. All the objections to them stand as prominent!? as they did when they were written, but the world has beoome used to the. objections, and readers and audiences are content to forget them. Itlsnot less an unwholesome thing to witness the several phases of a' courtesan's life now than it was SOyeattagn but both aadienoee and readers have agreed to regard the courtesan y accidents In the stay and the drama. Or, perhaps, they subject themselves to a process of self-decep tion and, after a little practise, dome to be lieve that the Lady of the GamelHaswu a' very proper lady, and that riw respected the ilONteitetmwlw^ a jrigotoos secpeet lot the canonsof society.: Perhaps they areoontabt tobedazsled bar the brilliancy of the ear*, roundings and to allow eleganoe to atone for sodal irregularities. Whatever thecxplaaa Hon, It n defer that neither "Traviata" nor -"CanUte?' of neoesrity shocks people nowaday*. Is: it that there is some: thing noble in* the , sacrifice made fey thp herpinebi and that the sfecrifice con? • dones her ether tins? To be sue. the aacdfice has -in It something touching. It is not* perhapawbatmost women of the class weald : do wader the rironmstaaces. It is not what moat woman of aayetenwptdd do. Upright be cash .to say that nowppiaa woute immolate hersslflndrdertoplease the fatherofthemanshe loved, but the Woman who weald It a woman picked eat of 10,600. It Is probaMy In thiieot «f self.de votten that the seoet of the popularity of the'pteoels jto<. be sough*. fi>r although on wrtflshneffis; a. very tare quality off the ste«e, it is.always greaUy admlred upon ifc In real lite en* aelflthness Is bften obnfonnded w^'weSk. heaa and there te fe-gaheral diipMtloh fee look rather'<■ wife i oompasrioifi thanyrith favoaruponpeopteiwho.pmfer the interest*. ofotbewtojtbrirpwn. Put.dramaripaUjrJ It is not so. Henoe, I take it, CamjUe Gauthjer is forgivpn her trespasses, h^ase she relin qulahee whkt ls deareti to her-whim ghe is told itfcfoirhh interest todoto.Pe also, tha feadienoe pezbelvn or think peroeivn IhatCtenriUe tejtmte4Jewel.fi llttty j twWied, hearing M sneWf^jPUlf K parish. Ttojr thiu amye.it the reasons tor their prefehtojbe «rtifcl*%dy by* ptooess; of! <nsulstri,rialcmgt«rbdim thdrbcmscienpes. l am; of. Cotdne^Ctidadas enly of those wjhb have nnnntf enoftvor,*tlee»V who are troubled hy tbem> go to tee ,, 'ind —jthat it'jrias ptted iriitterto a idddtoin^' Wferia, ahd-that 'sdtoa 'gbcd aotreteesfaive madexepaUtto^e opt of! boththe dauha dud i'ianfA);> M.o:hr j toe opera. And yet, even to those Who ate not embarrassed by scruples as to its motility it is rather a dismal play. Nofc dbU, for dntoess and dismalnesa are quite Oppoalts qualities. Yon may go to sleep over * o« -v dtxjp over a fall play, bat you most keep very muchawake the, while a dismal play is playing, ^ the whole I think I prefer a doll play, ior sleep is comforting, bat a dismal play yon miserable. A friend of mine prefer a doll at a dismal pli jrwu •uunwm a mend of mine thn awT" night remarked that "Camilla" wssJ!!?? to drive a man to drink. When wf Provost nsed to play it in MelbownT^ believe it had the .effect of causing ihL consumption of brandy at the end of a piece. She thoroughly realised the nofflT of supreme misery, and was, therefore, bu in the latter scenes. Sire. Gladstone, onU wntrary. is bret in the earlier ^ before the cloudB have settled overhead Miss Provost seemed the inevitable victims consumption even when she whs the Cent™ a brilliant throng in the first act. Mrs. Blis stone has a pleasantly healthy look. Why.' forbids the diagnosis of phthisis. To be sum she baa a little congh; but bo—for tbe matter of that-has everybody just now. It would be more in accordance with probability if Gaston were to call in n medical mtin with a spetito? in ebest diseases, and be were to me stethoscope and dedatethere was no indw. tion of tubercle whatever. Then Around might come in, and one of those sudden recoveries, not uncommon oh the atyge might bring everythingto a pleasant eudifagp^n Miss Provost's case this could not hatti'been done, because her looks and her voic6w$re all of the consumptive kind. Mrs. Gladetane is to be complimented for the elegance with which she dressed/and the nice attention she paid to all the circum stances likely to help the general effect of brilliancy with which the play is chwake rised. And this brilliancy, I have to remark, is quite consistent with the attribute of dig malness to which I have just referred. For one may be dismal, as 1 need hardly efy, cpa bright summer's afternoon, and one may be cheerful under a leaden sky. It has lately been shown to be a fallacy that the greatest number of suicides take place in England in November. I believe the worst mouth is April, when spring brightness prevails. Mr. Carden made a real success as Armani Not that it was an unexpected success, to canse I believe he has played the part many times before, and always with a like degree of success He showed himself to beposseaed of power ; not toe power of Voice and physical energy only, but the power of strong feeling. He was thoroughly in earnest, and he demon* stinted incidently the direction in which bis abilities really lie. It is easy enough to shout and foam at the month, and fling abtrat the arms and legs. Many actors have done fids on the Melbourne stage, and have only earned fihe distinction ol hung set down as renters. Bat Mr. Carden can declaim without ranting. He can exhibit strong passion wlthoatfslliiig into the mistake of tearing the pae&m; to tatters. He can be vehement and not hois* terous, and can convey his meaning by intensity, where some people would exhibit only loudness. Moreover, Mr. Carden'a jm pasrioned manner is so jnst in its conform" ability to a true ideal, toatit is possible, when listening to him under stick drcutniten'oes, to forget his faults of orthoepy; or It miy be that he forgets to oommit them. He nfis one wish that he could forget them tlto* . - Si;, Mr. Bennee played Gaston with a agreeable natnralnesa, and Mm . though the part laquite ,^srorth)r w het; made of MaidamePrhdeiiQe *ver^mufihmore toan. anybody ieisentrndd^ ttfisarjUfs Niohettowas markedhy emunforeedipdlht' iinesa, quite confirmatory-ofjthe gof&ppi; nions she has already won, . Mr. Milne igde up admirably forMohs.ltaval, andsfim Arden, ta theiitfiepatt ofNanine,wa« beam* inglyqaietandamtottorire. 33m Boenery deserves high ptmlac, the-telon eetin toe 4th at*; bringrepeoUllj wefi "ap pointed. The test foena alto. -m ^ tingnished fig mpch neatness ^apwp^ste dMpflg,.' , J,..* On Thurefajr &e; very Md bnrretto <A, ,JChe Maid with toe M3Ikin^ Paii'' wre plltyMassa aftmpieoe. It fctfpi4»;jfto* MtoBdHne veqrfavongaUe Ikhgibsttteibe fktfkm essentially insipid toatit fr* It reminds one ot a ladW IkiwBw!*®0®1 w*t^ colour drawing of^jf^i^^Tbem Is aritoiypretttoeas about it, toe -odomram dim, toe composition !ii (WPPMbofiy/*^* <HaL. For considerable advantage In it M& jw™ 'iiriOTij aer juwajpy imupwiim* 7 >e, and her sparkling action, made frnot colt to forget too tiutlHfatfMtttof M-ltb» kllMtt :• ' : liJ iliiJ; ■JJcdt; 3U! t toe Prinoere'a.onMoodtynight.itooid oOitauM nl *fOar FldgnrMtoe^Wf^ Mto; lUttlesnako," . **!: *»Wt« ©duoe, toe spt jdtfa ibo jntb. some very bh»i«i eared to'pleastr tobakdMoe W toey called Pnt lb.' HoUnes. 'irbe' ImMy aoknowledgodtoe iwpfsit'ii* t"' V \- . in -'Our Villaga" U a sailor of iDgCharac hyper liantical type, which, by tee customary unciiftracterl8tlc of sailors the W<finds them nowadays. It will, however, a»0B6, b« long before either dramatic p u « or actors, refuse to represent the tar as B. !!lnHimentof generosity pud charmingly tb. old disinterestedness. I tried a good makeont what share this tar had in deal *" of tbe piece, and even now I am tb! £ on the point. But I know he \- tThis timbers and hitched his trowsers fh'I® .pprored manner. Moreover, he had a fheart to whom he wrote a letter, not 8 .tile for copiousness, bat unquestion i much affection. Mr. Zrarisn played the tar. and gave one the ?„n of a man whom it would be a pleasure L°SSw I can only say I never knew sach ilor 'and I can but wish all sailors were vt him Miss Juno had a most afflicting i Her husband, I gathered, had somehow t knocked on the head, and she had gone hoot the world in a state of inconsolable Sdowhood. Finally, she had made up her ind to give up the ghost appropriately in e ruins To hter come some parochial Sondes, ordering her to move on and fnflt when she is informing them that she is He to move on, not to the next parish, but the next world, her long-lost son comes upon the scene, and she is discovered to be ftdowager countess, and he the rightful heir to the earldom. It was gratifying to know that Miss Juno's troubles were at an end, and that henceforward she would enjoy herself. But one conld not bnt besorry that she had had so much unpleasantness before her prosperity commenced. Miss Leake played the sailor's Bweetheart, and justified the continually asserted preference of that sea-faring man for her. Mr. Daniels had a part "by the same of" Sneakey. He had nothing to do in working out the plot, but then hardly any body else had. They were mostly indepen dent characters complete in themselves, so that if the last act had been played first, I think thb result would have been pretty much the same. As Sneakeyf therefore, Mr. Daniels had a pare to which he could do justice without making himself un comtortabie about the rest of the cha racters. The name explains its nature, and Mr. Daniels made the name fitting and appropriate. Mr. Roberts was a heavy villain with only a little twinge of remorse, bnt he looked ferocious enough to have no remorse at all, so no regret was felt when be went down in the wreck of the "Rattlesnake." Mrs. Holmes's impersona tion of a shrewish wife was marked by a great deal of merits and Miss Lily Holmes, as Jenny, with nothing much to do but to look pretty and arch, did all this, and so gave com plete satisfaction. For an after piece there has been " Whitebait at Greenwich," which is sometimes renamed "Oysters at St Kilda." The cast has included Mr. Andrews, at whom one cannot choose bat laugh; Mr. Daniels, whose humour has a certain quaintness of its own; Mrs Jones, whose recovery all her friends will be glad to hear of; and Miss Nelly Montague, who bss become so much a favourite that she is received with pleasant demonstrations every night on making her entrance. In Auckland, on the 26th ult, Mr. Hoskins and MivColville played in the "Lady of Lyons," Mr. Hosklna sustaining the part of Colonel Dumas, Miss Colville that of Pauline, and a Mr. Isaacs, an amateur, playing Claude, as it would seem, to the greatsatisfacttonof the audience. Mr. Hoskins is now on a brief visit to Melbourne. Miss Clifton, Mr. Hussey, and HhBartlett were en route for San Francisco, aooomponied by Mr. Cooper, under the title of the " Hazard" Company, a title not quite as propitious as might be desired. They were arranging to play daring a short season in Auckland. The arrival of Mr. Ellison, the •gent of the Rickards' troupe, was announced as an important event, and the Rickards' troupe itself was expected. The unexpected death uf lira. Sanderson, however, will pro bably delay their departure from Sydney. Etbm Adelaide the news continues to be totufaeto^y. The Octoroon" baa been en thnnattically received. So, also, "The Se rious Family.? Miss Forde has pleesed them ve^mtjph in "The Daughter of the Regi ,And 801116 MwoaWe anticipation was ■pi**# the announasuienji of "M.P." system of moathlytiokete to the dress Jnjb.la described aa working well, so that ttae b hot much difficulty ~fa filling that ^ commonly not jtoak kwj d the Piotnresqueneaa of Ado* j^.todAre delighted atthefriendly and P18®?1®* whioh they have been Inpriyato. <*M«diMra. Dartell have beenlately In 2JW and other Queensland iar-off pSoea,, Wtts Wd*to have achieved a wonderful mmm-J 