GULGONG. since my last, Christmas has come and gone, and now remains the fond remembrance of lov ing hearts and familiar friends drawn together at this festive season by the fond ties of friend ship and cordiality. Our Christmas here was not as dull as many anticipated. The weather was propitious and there was no lack of outdoor amusement during the day, or indoor amusements during the even ing. Our Turf Club provided a very good racing programme, which was carried out in very good style. The first race for the Maiden Plate, of 25 sovereigns, was won by Mr. Alange's Gul- gong. The Publican's Purse, of 30 sovereigns, by Mr. Cleven don's Chance. The Gnlgong Han dicap, also by Chance. Miners' Purse, of 20 sovereigns, by Nelly Grey. Gulgong Christmas Box, of 10 sovereigns, by Mr. Ryan's Early Bird. There was the usual amount of O.'s and U.'s, Aunt Sally, Where's the ace ? Won't you try yer luck, &c.;, Sec.: and, perhaps, not the less amus ing incident of the meet was the chase of Byrnes the policeman after a fellow whom the " spirit - moved " to give much annoyance, by riding alongside the winning horse, to the dis advantage of the other jockeys. At the Prince of Wales, the burlesque of the Invisible Prince, together with the Christmas Pantomime, have been played with considerable success— in a monetary point of view. Miss Joey, as the Prince, was all that could be desired. Miss Oliver was exceedingly good ; her dancing and gesticulations eliciting roars of laughter. Miss Morgan — who is quite a favorite — did not put in an appearance, much to the chagrin of her many admirers, and the obvious loss of the proprietors. Madame Coli and her interesting little daughter, added much to the entertain- ment of the evening. Miss Saunders rendered a few songs in her usual style. The male cha racters were well sustained, making due allow ance for the imbibitions of some of the " Stars." At the Royal, Cora has been performing nightly to crowded houses, never failing to draw forth the applause of all present. She is, with out doubt, equal, if not superior, to any of her profession. Her tricks, which are novel and varied, are performed with a grace and elegance of style peculiar to herself. It is most amusing to witness her nightly distribution of prizes. Fancy some fastidious gent being presented with a sweeping-broom; or some gay belle receiving a tin " billy " or a package of washing-soda — the latter, no doubt, being often very requisite. The election is already causing much excite ment. , Mr. J. G. O'Connor, of Sydney, has been called upon to come forward as a candidate for the vacant seat, and has signified his intention of so doing. Turn where you will, posters meet the eye calling on the electors to vote for O'Connor. Parkes arrived on Friday to address the electors, but would not get a hearing. The crowd were very excited by his audacity in venturing to come among them at all. There were incessant cries of " How is the ghost ?" ' " Are you going' to con ceive another ghost ?" " What about Irish im migration ?" "Your pockets are getting slack; you have been too long out of office," Ac., See. Mining has been at a standstill during the holidays, and nothing worthy of note has reached us. There was a monster meeting held on Friday, 22nd December — about two thousand persons present — to consider a letter just received from Mr. Church, M.P., with reference to the appoint ment of a delegate to assist in drawing up the new code of mining regulations. Messrs. Plunkett, Londergan, Placart, Sweeney, Adams, and others were on the platform. It was decided that they should have two delegates to represent them in framing the new code, or otherwise they would send none. Weather still very dry ; a few hours' nice rain on Sunday, but only sufficient to fill a few shal low holes. January 1st, 1871. 