®T. JOHN'S, COROMANDEL VALLEY. Laying tee Foundation-Stone. f Ob Saturday, December 21, the ceremony of • laying the foundation-stone of St. John's . . Church, Ceromandel Valley, was performed by \- Miss Richman. The church, which is lacing built on a half acre of land presented to trustees by the South Australian Company, will occupy an exceedingly pretty ate on the rise of the hill on the south' side of the valley; and the new road ; in course of formation will pass close in front of ■ ife gates. It will be in every respect favourably situated, both as regards drainage and pic turesque aspect. . It is in the parish of Mitcham (Rev. Henry Read, M.A., incum bent}, and is being erected to supply a want . feltm that neighbourhood by an increasing con gregation, at present averaging from 60 to 80, . which has fer a considerable time past held a service every Sunday afternoon in the house of Mr. Goocb; the Rev. Henry Read, M. A., and lay readers officiating alternately. The dimensions of the church are 40 feet by *20 feet clear internal space; walls -14 feet high •from floor to plates; built of the local datestone, ■with soapstone dressings externally, including plinth, water-tables, corbelled eaves, and copings. "The roof will be open-timbered, the rafters -covered with match boarding, and colonial slates laid on battens -over the boarding. : Eight louvred ventilators are provided near the apex of. the roof. The walls will be stuccoed internally, the lower portion with Portland cement. The windows will have sine quarry lights glazed with ground glass. On the south side is a small porch with _ a bell gable over the outer archway. The porch is to be -paved with black and red tiles, and will be pro vided with wicket gates in the external opening. Provision is made for building a chancel and vestry when funds permit. The style of the building is early pointed, with single lights at the sides, and a long two-light window in front, -with quatrefoil ventilator over. The amount or the contract for. present portion is £525, of which £800 is already in hand. The work is -being carried out by Mr. D. Deans, under the superintendence of the architect of the building, Mr. E. J. Woods. There was a good attendance to witness the •ceremony and to partake in the service. Among •others there were the Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., the Hon. R. B. Andrews, Q.C., Mrs. Andrews, and Miss Andrews, Mr. G-. W. Hawkes, S.M., ■and Mrs. Hawkes, Ideut. J. A. Fergusson, Mr. W. W. Hughes, Mrs. Hughes, and Miss Davey, •and Mr. E. W. Kernot, J. P. Several ladies and gentlemen composed a choir for the occasion, a harmonium being conveniently placed, at which Mr. J. Prockter presided. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, attended by the Ten. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A. (who bore the pastoral staff), and the Revs. Henry Read, M.A., T. J. Smyth, M.A.. J. L. Smith, and W. H. Mudie, met Miss Richman, and pro ceeded with her to the shelter of an awning which had been spread in readiness over the •structure. An office suitable for the laying -of a foundation-stone of a church was then performed, the proceedings opening wicn a hymn (No. 241, Hymns A. and M.). "The Bishop delivered the exhortation and said the versieles; Archdeacon Marryatt read the lesson (Genesis xxviii., v. 10 to end), and Rev. H. Read offered prayer. At the proper time, every thing being prepared, Miss Iticmnan performed her part, formally declaring .the stone to be well and truly laid." Beneath the stone was jriaeed a bottle, in which were copies of the Register and Advertiser, for December 21, coins of the realm, a small sheaf of wheat, to which the words "Peace and plenty" were attached, and a document, 'which Mr. Fiveash. read, as follows:— "In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The foundation-stone of St. - John's, Goromandel Valley, was laid by Olive Richman on St. Thomas's Day, December 21, A.D. 1872, in the 86th year of the reign of Her MoBt Gracious Majesty Qneen Victoria, the Officer .Administering the Government of South Aus tralia being Sir R. D. Hanson, Kt., the Chief -Justice of the Province, and in the 26th year of the consecration of Augustus Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The Rev. H. Read, M. A, Incumbent of St. Michael's, Mitcham, in charge of the district. Trustees—B. F. Lloyd, R. Gibbins, 13\. "W. Kernot. Committee- Rev. H. Read, M. A, J. A Fergusson, B. F. Lloyd, A. Spence, R. Gibbins, E. W. Kernot, R. Eurfield, and J. L. R. Fiveash. Architect—E. J. Woods. Builder. ■D. Deans." When the stone was laid the choir sang "From all that dwell beneath the skies;" ; and after the prayers -- ■The Bishop addressed those assembled, saying he was unwilling to part from them without • uttering a few words of thankfulness and encouragement to those who had commenced . and so fer carried on this work. In the course -of the service the selection of Scripture which -had been read struck him as being -peculiarly applicable to the history and life of the emigrant and colonist. The scene they read of in those ancient days showed that the Word of God applied to all times and places in tire world. As the lonely emigrant, or, as he might be called, colonist Jacob with his staff In his hand went to seek his fortune in a distant land, and as he lay down to sleep in the fair .plains or valleys of Canaan, God was pleased to assure hi™ of His protecting providence, and that He would give that land, to him and his descendants in all time to come. And the lonely traveller was amazed somewhat at the nearness of God—at finding Sim in that strange place: and he realized the truth that Paul afterwards spake in themarket _plaoe of Athens, that "in Him we live and move, and have our being," and 'that " He is not far from any one of us." The solitary wanderer, awakened and astounded by the pre sence of his God, exclaimed, " God was in this place and I knew it not." And so in the spiritual life of each emigrant, perhaps the time came when having" lost the stated -ordinances of his fatherland or the mother church -in which he had been trained, having settled in a foreign land and loBt some of those' habits of devotion in which he had been brought up, had, by God's -mercy and same secret inspiration of his soul, been brought to feel that God was in the place whereon he stood, where he slept, and where lie walked, and had exclaimed, " God was in this place and I knew it not." And then per \- chance a change had come over the spirit of the ■man; then the remembrance of his early nurture and admonition in the Lord had rushed into his >3ztind, and with thankfulness to God's Provi dence for protecting him he had determined to honour that God who had been so kind, and had taken a vow that if God pleased to prosper him he would lay the foundation of a house of prayer and would give to the honour and glory -of God one-tenth of his substance in {he future, -that othera might be led to God, so that they might follow the example of Abraham, of whom God said He would command his children and his househol d with him to keep the way of Jehovah. ' There was no doubt that through the length and breadth of this beautiful land, beautiful not .-only in its scenic character, but also on account -of the golden grain in which it abounded and the fruits which ripened in it, and beautiful in every sense in which God had made it—there was no doubt that many a man as God prospered him had thought of his home-country and his •earlier years, and had done his best to restore -to himself, his children, and his household the .-privileges he had enjoyed in the Church of the home of his fathers, Hero we were; one gene ration had nearly passed away; more than 30 .years bad elapsed since the foundation of the -colony; the land was beautiful on every side, -and this site, which could not he surpassed for loveliness in this or any other country, would be more beautiful still when the House of God should rise amidst the verdure of the land and recall men's minds to Him whose goodness they en joyed. Let them thank God that He had stirred the hearts of His faithful people in those parts to raise a house for His praise and worship. He trusted that within the walls of that house -would be gathered a goodly company of brethren in the Lord Jesus Christ; that it anight strengthen the ties of neighbourhood, and anake men seek God's presence in the house of the Lord. For, notwithstanding the diversity in the modes of worship, he did believe that all true Christians were one in the Lord Jesus Christ; and if they could not in the land of their adoption place themselves in that portion of the lie did hope that this temple, raised as it would be and dedicated to the Church of England, might stand if not first in their affections, at least second in their feelings of devotion; and if they could not worship as they had been wont, that they might feel the words spoken there appeal to their understanding and hearts; and that the Word might be set forth in an earnest end simple way; .and that they might see that it was good to join in brotherly worship even if it were not that form in which they had been xeared. He hoped it would prove a bond of union leading them on in the right way ■of the simple gospel of Jesus Christ, on whose •crucifixion all their hopes were alike based. He trusted that the blessing of God would rest ■on the founders and helpers of the work, and that the name of God might be glorified in the attentive congregation which would attend the church. When the Bishop had finished speaking, a hymn (146 Hymns A. & M.) was sung, after which the Bishop pronounced the benediction. A collection, amounting to £13 13s. 6d., was made in aid of the building fund. The trowel with which Miss Richman spread the mortar was afterwards presented to; her. It was made 'and given by Mr. Weudt, and of 10 guineas value. 5t bore the following, inscription:-—" Presented to Hiss Richman on laying the foundation-stone of St. ■ John's, Coromandel Valley, December 21,1872." In the evening the workmen engaged upon the building were provided with a supper at the Belair Hotel. 