London Small Talk. [PEOM THE EFXCIAL COBBE8POHDENT OF THE TOWN AND CODNTEY JOUBNAI-.°1 London, May 17. To those who are curious in such matters, the adver tising columns of the daily papers present a fund of amusement. The 'sensation column' is quite inexpli cable and Sphinx like,- for example, what can this mean: — No ?tlier duets now than 'Can't help It,' ' So completely,' not favourite eolo ' Break, break,' 'Must ever cling to 18th, and n^hnPB ' WmTilrleA with hiui (Mat.lWPnt. Rn HntTV far him. Oh, do be good— Come I I suppose somebody understands this, aad that thire it a system of telegraphy in it requiring a key. The next is quite intelligible and matter of fact, and dis closes a new feature among domestic servants : — Cook (thorough good, plain), age 23; wacos, £18; at liberty Hay 6. Bicualistic and early communion ; state all particular!. The epigrammatic style of this advertisement is charming ; the whole thing has a business air about it. The age U declared, and the wages peremptorily fired ; and to give alia chance in the opportunity of obtaining; the services of so concise a cook, the date is fixed upon which you may have this jewel in your kitchen. The ritualism is quite a new idea. No Low Church cookery and delicate fast dishes on saints' days. The early morning communion might to be a little awkward in some families ; but they must be content to accept with tho advantages »f good plain cookery, a spice of quaint theology; but as cook requires all particulars to be stated, such small difficulties would ba easily settled. Nose Mjlchihe.— Tliia ie a combination which, applied to the nose for an hour daily, so directs the soft cartilage, of which the member consists, tliat an ill-formed nose is quickly shaped to perfection. Price, 10b 6d, sent free. I refrain from giving the address, because it is only fair that a commission should find its way into my pocket. Australians with ill-formed noses can train up a nose in the way it should go, by devoting an hour every day to the nose machine. Neglected noses can now be shaped after the latest fashion, as a turn-up, pug, or Roman ; warranted for the small charge of half a (rainoa. From noses to theology is a curious leap : but we hare authority and example from the Her. Lawrence Sterne, whose never-to-be-forgotten chapter on noses wrb associated with abBtruie doctrinal points. Brother Ignatius has been sold np again. The Mo nastery Chapel has been offered for sale, and bid for by would-be buyers of an extreme character. One bidder wanted the place for a coal Btore, and another bid ferit in the interest of the Secularists. The practical goes before all in these times ; nothing is sacred now ; the Ritualistic gentry would not come forward to assist Brother ' Ig,' ana the monastery is in danger of fall ing into tii% hands of the modern-thought people. Mr. Spurgeon. is very severe on, these latter. Modern . thought, the reverend gentleman says, is Satan's prin cipal instrument for undermining truth ; and if he had said anything hard againstit, it was intensely soft and gentle to what he would say, if be only knew how to say it. He professes to feel flattered by the . contempt of the modern thinkers, and gratified by their, animosity. With , more ceurtesy but quite as (obstinately, the Bev. Archdeacon Denison is determined to stem the current of modern thought, although it finds advocates among many of the ?most. diitingmished-dignitariei-pf the -church to vhich the Archdeacon belongs. The question of the Athanasian Creed i« quite settled by the Archdeacon on, his own account, by. his informing 'convocation. 'As regarded the getting rid of the creed altogether, nothing that was done in that house, or ont of it, would prevent him reading it in his church without a single alteration in word or form. He should do this, and leave it to the people to turn him ont of his benefice if- they could.' The Archdeacon will not be interfered with; he is a man of strong will, and IB ably backed by Mrs. Archdeacon. At a visitation lunch, referring to Govern ment school inspection, he said, 'One of her Majesty's inspectors proposed to come to my school twsnty-five years ago. I said to the inspector, ' I love yon very much. Yon are a very nice man ; but as sure as pos sible, if yon ever come here, I'll tell the boys to put you in the pond.' The next school inspector who went to the school, asked whether the children song, and Mrs. Denison, who came up at the time, told the children to sing * Goosey, goosey, gander,' and the inspector never came back. Of course firmness is a very fine thing, and example is worth something ; bat Mr. Archdeacon forgets that other people are also firm, and with Dean Stanley and the Archbishop of Canter bury on the other side, the modern-thought folks may take courage. As the Dean quietly put the case, when the cry of no surrender is raised, change is imminent, but the conservative element objects to change. I recent y felt in arriving at a definition of conservatism, and quite by accident here it is strictly and most accu rately defined by Captain Hope Johnstone, of Annan dole, who is wooing tLe electors of Dumfries-shire in the conservative interest. He says, ' My views are exactly those of my grandfather.' Well, then, for the future, let Captain Hope Johnstone be the expositor of the conservative creed, and let it be quite understood that the effort of modern society should be to copy exactly the views of our grandfathers, with possibly some consideration for the opinions of our grandmothers. I wonder what our grandfathers would have said to a tradesman who made a fortune out of steel pens, and bad a taste for the fine arts. Mr. Gillott's pictures have . . ?_? ? j iaf Ann ? :_..n« «hJ !.!» GAAlne i?iiO/Vi l'inn very special Straduarius produced 290 notes— hard con vertible metallic notes each of the value of 20s. The late Mr. Gillott amassed a fine fortune by his N*s and magnum bonums generally ; now the collection will be scattered far and wide, and the heirs, executors, and administrators will assist to circulate the money — no very difficult task generally, and that brings me to another subject. - 'Mr. Eobert Cook, of Sydney, New Sonth Wales, has written to the Standard repining sadly abont bis diffi culties in getting rid of your Australian sovereigns ; but let Mr. Cook serve up his own dish as follows : — Sir— I wns told to-day at the Bank of England that tho Australian sovereign was so soft that it might be bent Sir, I was an humble Instrument in the disoovery of gold in jlustralia, and as consequently that discovery led to the mint now In existence in Sydney, I regret that Hie Austra lian sovereign is Blighted by the Bank of England. The bank showed me the now sovereign from the British Muit^ but it does not appear to Be to be one whit better than that coined at Sydney. I have 6een the sorereignE coined at that Mint, and although the alloy is, perhaps, more yellow than the Britidi «dn. I am astonished at the prejudice that exists against the Sydney sovereign. That such a prejudice exists in London against our 8ydn«y soverlgn I bear witness.— I am, Bir, your obedient servant, . Eob. C-jok, of Sydney, Hew Bonth Wales. I regret that the humble instrument who assisted in dis covering Australian gold, has got into a controversy with the old lady of Threadneedle-street, and that your sovereigns are so soft : but to re-assure your readers. I alEo desire to bear witness that! hava not yet die I covered any prejudice in London or elsewhere against I Sydney sovereigns ; but as my stock of such undesirable I coia ii rnnning low, I may not be able to test the diffi 1 cnlty fully, and invite colonists to send me any quantity to set ihe question at re«t. So far, my slender purse ot soft-aus has got very light, notwithstanding the preju dice Mr. Cook publicly calls attention to. Australian money suggests Australian meat, and uere again a nnd, tnat X nave much to learn. 1 nave bad the pleasure of reading in an English paper, that at Sydney alone one establishment ships, 150 tons of beef every week to Engkndh ; that the meat is cut from prime joints only, and that the English people are so stupid as to cat meat at 19d, when they can get good Australian at 7d. Well, as with the sovereigns, so with the meat. I can get rid of my Aus tralian sovereigns at a rapidly inconvenient rote, and pay. for prime lees of mutton lOJd per lb, beef at the sams price, and rump-steaks 15(1 per lb. Why will people exaggerate as they do. Meat is dear enough of all conscience, and Australian meat is much better than uu hkw. uius uriu us rc^Riuuug mv uu-gu nils U1VO UO tins at 8d eack, and every effort is being made to brin the meat into notice, in fact it is being puffed over much. The very poor people have neither the appliances nor the condiments necessary to render the meat palat able, and they do not like the look of it. The Knife and Fork Club, under the management of Captain H. Carlton Arymar, is to give a great dinner shortly on Aus rolian mutton, at Is per head. The captain presides in the kitchen, and sends up choice morsels disguised with flavourings to bo washed down by wines of delicate vintage, (not included in the shilling;.) We shall be told about the ignorance and prejudice of the j)oor people against Australian meat, and the invited magnates will go home to dine as guardians do after having tasted workhouse soup and pronounced it excel lent. The captain is going' to perpetrate another dinner after the Australian feed has gone off. The next is to be on Paris Siege fare, a feast hippopophagous, at four pence per head ; he is letting them down by easy to the Frenchman's horse, it is not difficult to foretell the fate of the great Knife and Fork Club. The Tichbourne business has ceased to be attractive, and people generally are getting tired of the affair. The claimant has been made to appear in the light of a martyr, and the action of the Attorney-General has evoked sympathy for the Wagga- Waggian, whe has suc ceeded in obtaining bail, and has written a letter to the newspapers indicating a vastly improved educational status. His letter is a trifle in the direction of clap trap, and thanks to the generous British public for L2000 subscribed to enable him to defeat one of the grossest conspiracies ever concocted. However, Sir Ejger, or rf^oo4^./i rtr* flrfrtd na it, m&v; lip w.q.N iiplivaraj fi*rtm duress in due course, and left Newgate amidst the cheers and hisses of such an indiscriminate crowd as London streets can always furnish on the shortest notice, without reference to merits or demerits. Whatever value may be attached to the opinion of a street crowd, the value of property in a crowded street is something worth notice. A very unpretending tavern situated in Finch-lane, CornhiU, known as the Cock and Woolpack, having a frontage of 18 feet with a depth of 55 feet, sold with the goodwill of the busi ness for the enormous sum of L20,800. Another memorable London property at the corner, Itua ivriamg p&ri;, vi ouuiuuru-uiirvtiif, auiuk friors, will now cease to be an eye-sore. Mrs. Beed, on eccentric old lady, the owner of the pro perty, has died and left .£100,000 to the hospital for consumption at Brompton. The only sufferers will be the bill stickers and the ghosts, and perhaps the small boyB of the neighbourhood, whs will be deprived of the enjoyment of throwing stones at the supposed ghostly tenants. The uses to which newspapers sire and may be put arc various ; but I was not prepared for the very latest. The utilitarian character of the suggestion commends it strongly to public notice, and if it is adopted no man need want for clean sheets. On a cold night, if two or three newspapers be spread upon the bed beneath the outside covering the occupant of the bed will perceive a marked increase of warmth without any perceptible in crease in the weight of bedding- So, jilso, if a spread newspaper be placed over the chest before the overcoat be buttoned np it will be found a grcit protection against penetrating wind and cold. Strikes are now the order of the day. We have agri cultural labourers' strikes, carters' strikes, builders' strikes ; the sailors employed in steamboats carrying . foreign mails threaten to strike ; the organ builders have struck ; the men employed on the river steamers are striking : and now, worse than all, strikes are to come to our hearths and homes. The servant girls of Bonnie Dundee have sounded the war note with a shrill blast, and proclaim the grievances of their order through the columns of newspapers. They have risen to the dignity of being reported. The damsels want every second Sabbath to themselves, and a half-holiday weekly, or a whole one fortnightly, They think Sun day cookingdisguistuig, but if the mistresses will con sent to eat cold meat on Sundays, they will not object to cook potatoes. A rise of wages is indispensable, and the hours arc to be from seven to stven. If caps are insisted upon they are to be provided by the employers, or allowed for in the wages ; and no objection is to be allowed as to the wearing of jewellery. The chairwoman put the resolu tions to the meeting, and a Servants', Protection Associa tion is the result. What is to follow it is impossible to predict ! These girls arc in receipt of waces varying from L10 to L30 per annum, they are fed, lodged, and, as a role, live as well as those who employ them. They arc better paid than agricultural labourers who have families to support, and compared with men are in a far better position. The infection has reached London, and superb John Thomas of the calves, enters his protest. Thelbutlersand^the gentlemen's gentlemen cry out abitl overwork and under-pay. The wictims-in brimstone' ' (described by Mr. Weller) will stand it no longer, and we most eat the cold meat ourselves. In the face of all this stands the fact that in the Metropolitan district above 34,045 persons were in work-houses, and 79,215 were receiving out-door relief. 113,290 people supported by ratepayers weekly. Public opinion is very dis criminating, and the domestic servants will come in for a large share of ridicule and a very small share of sympathy. Mr. Jacob Bright has tested the House of Commons on the ' woman's right question,' by the introduction of a bill to confer voting privileges on rate-paying|woinen, and Ha debate on the second reading was not remarkable for brilliancy. The Attorney-General spoke in favour of the biU. Mr. BouverU nmde a light chaffing speech, pointing ont -Hie danger of allowing the thin end of the wedge .to be tolerated, with the possibility of the whole sisterhood claiming equal rightB. If the ratepaymg women are to assist in legislating, and the married women (not being ratepayers), are to be excluded, what bceomes of the equal rights feature, and the folly of sticking too closely to abstract theories, is demonstrated. One feature of the debate was comical and characteristic. Several ladies had secured places in the gallery, after the fashion of ladies of jthe olden time, to give encouragement to their favourite knight, who was to mount his hobby horse ; and although Mr. Bright had smiles to reward him, no cheers were heard, but a very impartial, and not unfriendly looker UU vena un III piuilt, bunu fcuv inuuunn vi vux: bj/vum:! who was bo nngallont as to oppose the second reading, were received with at least a faint bnt not to be mis taken hiss. The ladies are not going to settle down quietly after their defeat, which they will have it, is a victory, and we are to be delnged with pamphlets and punished with lectures. Has this mania reached yon yet, if it has, and should it prevail, the balance ot power will be uncomfortably disturbed. The folks who appear to think that a majority ought to prevail over a minority to the extent of interfering with their beer, have received a terrible bock-Lander from the Bishon of Peterborough, a verv outsuoken Bishop, and one who mokes a hard fight for those who oppose him. TTis Lordship has chosen to express his opinions in the House of Peers, and his speech was logical, earnest, and quite to the purpose. The Bishops are taking a very common-sense view of matters relating to the social and spiritual condition of the people. The more these prelates identify themselves with- progress, tho more likely are they to assist in increasing the love of Englishmen and women for the ChurcL we all regard as bound up with the trreatuese of our country. There are thousands of topics cropping out, all form ing part and parcel of the talk of the day, but my time will not allow me to venture upon taxing your patience. Noblemen are taking to driving four horse coaches by way of amusement, and do not disdain to take fores, They are getting back to the Conservative condition of the gentleman 1 have referred to, whose opinions are exactly those of his grandfather. Here is the story of the undertaker who committed suicide because his busi ness was dull. Again the story of a starved man who destroyed himself and four of his children; and here i» the good story of the generous sympathy of the public for the por widow, for whose help over .£700 has been subscribed. The death of Lord Audlcy, who was con nected with Sydney by marriage ties, and also as a colonial official; and to go from one extreme to the other, I notice that Mr. Purves, of the Sydney Univer sity as been called to the bar. Convocation will bo down on Voysey; and the American Episcopal Church has pre sented the Archbishop of Canterbury with a gold boson. Improvements at the Txtlgimbae Reefs -A correspondent, writing from the Yulginibar Quartz Beefs to the Clarence Examiner, snys :— A good sub stantial building is about being erected for the use of the mining registry aud survey deportments, on a piece of ground opposite Laird, Davidson, and Co.'s stores, at Solferino. He adds .- It is rumoured that one of our storekeepers has mode application to the commissioner and surveyor for a reserve of one acre of ground at Solferino, for the use of a powder magazine, and as there will be considerable quantities of this dangerous stuff required in the working of onr reefs, such a build 'ing will be found necessary. I believe the application lias been received by the commissioner, as he can see he necessity for it. 