POLICE COtJBT— GLENELG. Satubdat, Janpaby 27. [Before His Worship the Mayor (Mr. R. B. Collev; J.P.V and Mr. J. Parkin, J.P. 1 , Thomas Kirby, laborer, was charged, on the information of P.O. Allchurch, with being drunk and creating a disturbance at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg. It appeared that the defen dant entered the Pier Hotel on the previous evening, and having indulged pretty freely, became boisterously merry over his cups, much to, the'annoyance of other persons who were in t.hn bar at the time. He was remonstrated with, and advised in a kind manner to ' clear out.? ; The defendant, however, declined to '?* budge an inch' for any one, and it being evi dent that the defendant was pugnaciously in clined, the services of Mr. Allchurch were y called into requisition. Finding that persuasion was of no avail, and that the defendant was be coming a nuisance, the constable, with the as sistance of one or two bystanders, proceeded to escort' ;'the'defen!daiiti who struggled violently, but of the house, and after some little amount of ^trouble, succeeded in locking him up for the night. Fined 5s. The same defendant was ffien charged with resisting P.C Allchurch in tne execution of his duty. The constable stated that: in, getting the defendant to the lonk-up he had his coat torn, and received several bruises. Fined £2, in default of payment two months' imprisonment. \- A Victorian, country paper relates a ghost-story. On the night of Ihe 8th January, «' about 9 o'clock, as the Bev. Mr. Bay ley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes's daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, when opposite Mr. iWainhold'si paddock, near the Lake Hotel. Mr. |B»yley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in fiipwing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her arms right in front of the horse. The animal became frightened and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, 'Dear- me, what was that?' Mr. Bay ley endeavored to pull the horse up ; but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven.' ?-During the paBt few mouths many im provements have been made at the Port Ade laide Cock Yard, and to keep pace with the increased requirements, some valuable ma chinery is now on its way from , England. The work at the inner, bar and harbor causes heavy wear and tear to the dredges, and to maintain them in order is one of the regular duties of the! artisans. Besides this the buoys and beacons need continual alterations and restora tions, and -for the Lighthouses there is al ways' some work in hand. The care of the! Flinders and steam-launch devolves on this department, while some of the jetties make occasional demands for repairs and overhaul. -With the varied claims on its resources the yard has! been so increased in appliances as to be reaching as near perfection as is necessary, and a casual visit has shown how the Foreman has proved himself equal to the occasion. In the bbat-shed a fine craft has just been turned out for service at Cape Jaffa Lighthouse. She is of excellent model to compete with the seas in that boisterous locality, and is finished in a superior manner. On the wharf frontage a useful crane has been erected, capable of lifting five or six tons,' and to test weights a machine in another, part of the yard is equal to taking 10 tons. At each of the six blacksmiths', forges are two stalwart men repairing the buckets and gear of :the; steam-dredges, while in a comer of the shed is A- steam-engine which has overhead bands -to drive machinery of all kinds— in one place a turning-iathe, another a cutting and punching-machine— and turning grindstones or moving fan-blasts form its common occupa tion. More drums and belts lead to the ~j Baw-table and steam- hammer. The use of the whole of these appliances can. be had instantly -when required for any particular purpose. A space outside .the roofs has been taken up lately by a furnace for bending iron plates to the shape wanted, and since wooden buoys are now rapidly passiag into disuse this apparatus has proved «f immense advantage. The arti ficers are making a set of buoys to. mark the line of the channel through the inner bar, and these will be laid down in a few dajB, Attached to the structure in which these opera tions axe going on is another furnace for melting brass, so as to cast any metal bearings required. Ih every part of the yard the utmost good order prevails ; and this being an old institution, some reminiscences may fora* subject-matter for - a future notice. 