.$he JHmij) o)? ihc jtlme. {From the Sunday Magazine.) I Continued.) David resolved to stay where he was no.longer, but do something-even if only to keep off the thoughts that prayed upon him. Rising with great cave to his teet, and arching his body when his head touched the roof, be managed to walk along, between or' behind the men; that interposed, till he reached the! farthest point of the ledge, and was; obliged to descend. Continuing his coarse in the same direction through the water, he found to his great satisfaction a place where there was scarcely any water about his feet. Whether this was due, as he hoped, to the fact that the water. had not noly reached its highest point, but was subsiding, or that it meant he had readied a higher level than the water jfflrl yet risen to, it was a comfort for the moment, and might admit of ope rations'tjalculated to ameliorate their condition. . - He soon jfertiaged to get two or three men toother able and willing to help, and one of these had fortunate ly lighted upon a pick. With this they sounded the walls on both sides of them, moving slowly along till they found a place that seemed to give a hollower sound than they had yet heard, arid here they began to work to open a hole. They succeeded more qnickly than they expected . in reaching a vacant place of some kind where there seemed to be plenty of room; but before they could go al}gut it, and measure it with their lianas and arms, they found the tire-damp so strong, that in obedience to David's sudden call they all retreated; and covered up hastily., in the best way they could, the entrance :"arid then the little party sat down deeply dis couraged. Other men had come round them in the darkness. One of these said— ' Wa had better close up the hole thoroughly, or we shall have the gas in here.' • Let it alone,' cried another in a hard unnatural voice; ' we may have to take a light in there, and blow our selves up!' David thought it time to remon strate in terms of severity against this wild, foolish talk; but scarcely had he spoken half-a-dozen words be fore he heard the sound of a match lighted, and saw. the blaze, which in creased sufficiently for him to have a g.impse of the fearful looks of the man who held-the match! but he paused no longer, and believing the lighted match was about to be thrust into the place where the gas was, he rushed upoli him, struggled with and threw him to the ground, and in the struggle the match went out, and once more there wasdavknes?. ' Madman!' was all that David could say, as, breathless, he rose on one knee, and quitted his hold of -his antagonist. The man muttered something"-,that David could not understand. . ' Do you know that every match is here of inestimable worth ? That our lives may depend upon our power to obtain light even for so brief a space as that will give us ?' ' ' Do you mean to say, master, there is a ghost of a chance for us V asked the man sullenly, but as it opening his ears to conviction, 'Thereis an excellent chance .for men, intelligent men, but not for fools and cowards! Will you give me what you have V There was no re ply for perhaps half a minute, then David heard him say— ' There! And much good may it do you!' David put out his hand to feel for that of the other, found it, and also found himself master of a good sized box, quite full of matches. He felt as if he could have kissed and hugged the man, and not simply forgiven liim for what be had intended to do. David thought and thought and thought till he was tired of thinking about the place they had penetrated into and so suddenly abandoned, per haps unwisely. The water could not subside for many days, and possibly might not admit of a free passage even for weeks Could they live all that time ? Impossible. Would it not, then, be better to risk life now in trying to open com munication with some part of the mine where they might obtain the means of Jiving? Aud such a part there was within reach,'—so David was half inclined to believe from his previous explorations and studies of Israel's plans,—if only they could find a safe route. He suggested what he thought to the man who had given up the matches who was so moved by it that he rose at once to his feet, and offered to lire the gas. Others were then taken into counsel till all who could b"6 readily collected together were found to be of one mind—that David was right. But, lo the astonishment of all, David refused to allow the volunteer to undertake so desperate a risk, which Slight kill him, and yet savo the remaiuder by the success of the scheme. ' No,' said David, though his voicc trembled as lie spoke, and" sounded not in the least heroic. * No, as 1 proposed, I air. bound to carry out my own plan. Withdraw all of you, down the incline as far as you o.in. There is do gas here, so you have only to guard against the violence of the air shock. Farewell! If—if I die, say to—to all who care for me how I died. Farewell!' „ They moved away, all except the one imp who had given np the ; matches, who swore with an oath— for which he apologised immediately after to Dauid—that he would stick to hi.ni, and ijelp him if he conld. David took a newspaper from his pocket, opened it, then-crumpled it lightly together into a little heap, and thrust it within the hole and into I the unknown space beyond-as far as he could, lying on his breast the while. Then he took one of the matches and lighted it, while guarding his face; and committing his soul to God, he thrust forward the lighted match to the paper. The instantaneous storm of fire did not come. Neither the match nor the paper would burn. For a .moment he knew not what to do. Suddenly he recollected that the gas must be too dense, and needed admixture of air. He crawled back and fanned air into the place, and again repeated his ope rations;—with the same- result; though the light did not go out so instantaneously. For a third time he contended, and this time success fully and harmlessly. An explosion took place—by no means a serious one—aud which did him no harm whatever. i He entered tlie place., lit another j match, and saw he was in a gallery quite uninjured either by the pre vious explosion or by the inundation. It led him into the part he expec ted to find—a large dis trict that bad j been worked and abandoned, much of which was on the same high-level as ; their place of shelter. But a most important idea was im- 1 mediately suggested to David. He remembered quite well to have noticed that the stable with some horses, and an engine for pumping water, and some sort of store place for candles, oil, and various things often required in the mine, were all located' in this abandoned district, and lay, not high certainly, but still above the lowest levels, and therefore might possibly be got at in this way, while by the ordi nary route they were quite inacces sible. With a quickening pulse he hasten ed to verify his hope, but while he satisfied himself he was right as to the localities, lie found unhappily the water much too liigh to admit of his reaching either the stable, the engine place, or the little store place. He went back, however,- in good heart to communicate his news to the deputy, if only be should, be well enough to listen to him nod under stand him, He found the deputy seeking him in the place where the entrance had been made from the incline, and full of grief that no much time had been lost. He seemed to have recovered all his clearness of intellectual vision, and David asked no questions that- might suggest to the deputy the state from which he had just escaped. His first great satisfaction seemed to be that they had now room to assemble together and to move freely about; and he begged David to draw all the men down from their dange rous perch, and to be careful' not to Jose a single one. 'Life enough has been sacrificed, and for which some of us may* have to answer to our common Father, so let us be careful now. Quick, David, my son, for I have something to say to them and to you.' The men.came hurrying into the new place of shelter, and were about to disperse through the different roads in the search for whatever they might find promising present relief or future extrication, when the deputy, raising his voice, cried— ' The water is there too. You will only lose time. Listen to me !' They gathered accord i ugly, mar shalling themselves as well as they could in the darkness into some sort j of of order, aud then the deputy began— * Brothers, have we nob already even in this state of darkness and terror enjoyed the inestimable bene£t of God's mercy % Speak, you whom He moved to come to our succour— though strangers .to us—speak, you whose lives lia-ye been spared during four fearful days and nights of an guish. We, who have been but. as . instruments in your redemption, seek ing to pay back what you generously lent—risk for risk, life against life— we speak to you now, and ask you now also to speak • as men, brothers, Christians, to the harder hearts among us, who think the war of the elements is not euough to overwhelmn us, bat they must raise the infinitely more evil, wicked, and seuseless war of man's own violent reckless passions ' 0 my brethren, heirs as you are to the most inestimable dowry that the soul of man con conceive—Christ's love—will you refuse this at your Maker's hands, and turn your backs to Him, and for what ? -Only that you may stand face to face with the devil, with the enemy of man, who no doubt waits to embrace you and hold you fast enough, if only 3tou so will it! (Tv be continwd.) 