NOTHING IN TH£ PAPERS. And is there really nothing in the papers 1 How about the dissolution ; call you that no thing ? I don't ; I rather think the General has done more to benefit the country, in thus advising his Excellency, than ever he did be fore in his life-time ; and upon my soul I dont't think he knows it. The Borders are to be fringed with custom-house officers, and me uuiies are 10 oe conccicu. .Dm oyKes, who is supposed to be in Lord's confidence, and to have had the office given to him, has been staying at Tocumwall for the last two months, and has trained half-a-dozen, fine Murray cod to do his business for him. ' Nothing like smuggling ' says Bill, who is going extensively into the new industry, and has sent down to Sydney to get a plaster cast of Sir James, which he intends to set in the seat of honor in his gunyah. I suppose that \- for some time to come we shall hear, see, and read of nothing, but the merits and demerits of rival candidates, whose promises shall bear the same proportion to their performances as does a Hexham grey to a herd of elephants. At membor's perjuries, They say, Jove laughs. There is, however, one consolation, and that is, that as to husting speeches there's nothing in them, and therefore nothing can ever come uul ui mum. ui tins, nowever, anon, we, like young bear-cubs, hare got all our trouble before us ; as it will come soon enough, with out anticipation, let us according to ancient custom indulge in a slight weekly retrospect. Give me then a small table, a large jug of water, a green umbrella, and the Crocodile, and I ' or any oder man' will tell you that on Friday evening, at the usual hour, the Lambs were folded. I missed the tinkling of Bell. Their proceedings, though doubtless of intense interest to themselves, were neither lively nor funny, unless 1 except the report of the improvement committee on Mr. McMullcn's all important discovery. It appears that there was nothing sensational in the letter which announced it, but that the crossing at Elder and Grainger streets is not quite in such a good state of repair, as for the credit's sake of the Lambs it might have been. It is nevertheless, a good job that some one lighted on it, as, a casual visitor, arriving late at night might very conveniently break his neck there, not knowing but that the streets in that loca lity were as the streets in other civilised com munities. It was on this eventful evening that the interview took place between Captain T ? and the robber, which terminated in so unsatisfactory a manner. To have an open car, a quick eye, and a nimble hand, is necessary for a cut purso. But if, in addition, he be six feet high, and carry himself as a Don AVhiskerandos, what will you? It would be downright presump tion to dilFcr with such an one as to whose a hat was, or was not, especially if near the edge of a cliff. Mr. Bubb was far more unfortunate, for Some young unlucky imps, Who!prowled about for shrimus. Stole nil the little articles from the ouo 'orso shny. Saturday. — A crowd gathered round the entrance to the court-house warns me that the police are breaking Saturday. Sure enough there are two simple drunks and one com Maryuroaabenrs Having to hand overlOs. lo appease offended justice. Then Annie do Martini, D. Sharp, and Mary Lahey, having opened their mouths just a trifle too wide found that they had made a slight mistake ' Immodest words admit of no defence wnnt of llooc noy is ''»'' °f sense. When, then, the constable's »vi-lnn/u- «i ? „ that obscene language has been used, what earthly good is it to ask the accused what lie she, or it— referring to brute beasts— has' got to say. The balance of the day passe* peace ful y. Rumour, with her thousand tongues and her whispering wire, says the North lias been beaten blue-mouldy by the South, and that the 1. b. w. has displayed itself to a mar vellous extent. By-the-by, has anybody seen any of the northern team since their return 1 I saw one o day or two ago, and he looked the picture of misery, and seemed by his eve to say — _ Of all men clso, I have avoided thce. Monday.— Well, C ? y, what's up this morning ? Oh, beg pardon, its not Conway in protection 1; desertion, 1. Say, John Bendt, if you had been wise you would have held your tongue. Here's a pretty combination ! tour seamen, who have made up their minds not to go to sea, cast off their tow rope when their ?.vessel is in a most critical position, and then let go their anchor. ' E^s ,Tth-5 J0ys alld sorrows sailors Ond, Coop U in their winded sea-girt citadel. The foul, tho fair, the contrary, tho kind As breezes lisp and fall, nnd billows swolL \- Till on some jocund morn :— They'll see the skipper further first, and then they won't. William Asquith may be only an Ordinary Seaman, but he is an extra- ordinary hand at telling whoppers. Mr. Y '^i, xnvu, wnat you stated to the master in rny presence this morning was all false?' Witness: 'Yes, sir.' Congrevc would have said of this youth ' Ferdinand Mcndc'z Pinto was but a type of thee, thou— ahem ! story-teller of the first magnitude.' Which, Mr. Henri- Quinlan, the first officer did not show. to the best advantage either. I ostponed until next day for the production ' of defensive witnesses. The sages of Wnratah meet during the evening. How wrong of the ratepayers to send up a petition without a prayer at the end of it. 'And your petition ers, as in duty bound, will over nrnv m» » Funny form of prayer, 'etc.' When will, I wonder, Station-street and Mr. Swinburn satisfy the council 1 And the Mayor closed the' entries lor the Handicap Council Races, for which there are twelve nominations. I have not heard of any scratchings, but fully expect to find one or two missing at the post. Sundry other matters received due attention and then — ' Tuesday.— For once in the way, Tuesday is decidedly busy. In the the forenoon, a ^ Urunkard and an obscene linguist came to *|0f grief, and the defensive witnesses in the com bination case are heard. The first one lets the mate into a hole, the second thinks Mr Mate must be drunk or mad. On Monday, Mr., Mate swore he had not drunk anything during the whole day; then he must have hem mad. 1 1 appears that the offending tars' articles expired on this very day, which per mitted of their being sent to Maitland, as a combination, for twelve weeks. Thin was tho moat unkindest cut of all. Jwenty-two words, unadvisably spoken, at the Borehole ; price 5s. and the costs. ti V. BP°ecl1 '' silv™-Silenco is gold. ' Ihe Co-ops.' keep themselves . warm; They meet, they discuss, they find that life is not all beer and skittles, angry and high-toned remarks force themselves on the listeners' ears. I know nothing more than this about it. The N. .T. C, meets not, « gallant few. arc present, but adjourn. The N. B. and I. S. meet and congratulate one another, ' by the good stick,' they've cause to. Also, some of the subscribers to the Squle Ovarts assemble ; matters are improving with this institution, but the report reads not in too lively a manner. This, however, I must admit that there is to be smelt in the Hall, nay, to be almost felt, an odour of railway drain, which is anything but pleasant. Will nothing ever be done to that abominabtc drain ? Will no steps ever be taken to rid us of. The rankest compound of villanoas smelL that cyor offended nostril. And during the afternoon a pleasant meeting of the Rowing Club was held ; the victors in the late aquatic contests received their re wards — and very handsome some of them were too — not the victors, but the prizes. Wednesday .--Really the Bakehouse is doing a ' great stroke lately, and considering the amount of labour gotten through by him of the. necktie, and the excessive heat, I must say he looks remarkably well. On this day the management gave a splendid entertain ment. More by way of a whet to the appe tite than anything else one drunkard was pun ished; Next a Cart was drivon on— contents, a case of '(supposed to be stolen) 'smoking pipes' — tobacco pipes, I presume. The day was smoking hot certainly, but hardly suffici ently so to make a pipe smoke. The Cart went back again for a couple of days. Then threatening language made its appearance, which the assault case did not — and very wisely to my way of thinking — and the bench made no order as regarded the maintenance case, and I did not see how they could have done otherwise, though the plot was rather in tricate ; yet, I think, we all saw through it. Came, then, into the presence that model of sobriety, the mate of the Alexandra, charged with combination business, him the Beak sent to Maitland also, where he with four of his shipmates now assists to man the gaol. Very happy should they be together. What a touch ing avowal was that the four made to the one, when they stated their readiness to go to sea unuer nis commanu out not unuer cue mas ter's. We cannot all be masters, Nor all masters cannot be truly followed. I do myself the pleasure, during the evening, of inspecting Mr. Nowlan's ingeniously con structed folding ladder; I admire it, and think of 'All Right,' my young Japanese friend. This ladder is so particularly handy and com pact that any wall, no matter what its height, can be scaled with it. Thus when the weary ascensionist arrives on the top rung, he stea dies himself there whilst ho drags the ladder up after him, and recommences his ascent. It is very wonderful, and I quite fail to under stand how its managed. Thursday. — 'Pon honor, its particularly gra t.ifvinir fn mnnf wit.li sn mnnli irwiiiet-rv nnrl perseverance ! There's that court-house at it again. A compound drunk is dealt with, and then the Cart is driven on again — contents, this time, twenty-one oilskin coats and three pairs oilskin pants. Thieving with this ex innjfft'.ftW^reHPVA^ !MWHVn6°n!ttt TOiSeMo' him. That Cart is going to have a trial, which 1 don t think will break down. What again and so soon ! If he hasn't been and Carted aw:iy a carpet bag as he was returning from Ins temporary sojourn in Maitland gaol. Up for trial on this score also. Things are looking Dickey for Mr. Cart Tin. 'nn-,,.1, stealing case did .not come on, the parties to it not being present. Comes a telegram— There is to be a dissolution. Let the electors bo up and doing, there be rats behind the .arras, there be members — I know one— who —just so. I have no faith in him or his likes. We must put our house in order, we must ferret them out. iwlbn th(!S.?-SB!»i8 friends no more belicveJ Tint paltor with us in a douklo sonso : That kcop the word of promiso to our cur, Ana break it to our hope ? ' virtually disfranchising half the community. T really must confess though, that I feel some concern for poor roystering, ranting, roaring Jock o' the Bill. What will he do now? It's too late for him tr- rnfnrm m „ , Tho B°°d ho ecorn'd Stalked off reluctant, liko an i'tased ghost Not to return, or,' if it did, its visits' Liko thoso of angels, short and far between. I m afraid we shall have to send him to the Museum, and label him— 'A Warning to Would he Fiuends op the People.' Friday. — Into the court again. There is a compound drunk, : and, so it is, there's the Cart with the tobacco pipes. Drive him off to Maitland, ' and put him away for three months; he's not to be trusted. When Logg assaults people, does, he hit them a kick, or how 1 TELEGRAM EXTRAORDINARY. Latest, from the Seat of War ! THE BATTLE OF BULLOCK ISLAND. From aw Special Correspondent. : News has been rornivwl. tlmt nn ?.,.-'„. . „*? ? —— — -*-???», ««..*.«» Mat uirfiiiri! \Ji some considerable magnitude has been foucht on Uullock Island. : . The casualties are reported as having been very heavy. Full particulars on Tuesday next. Newcastle is getting slightly excited. Op: position to the sitting, member, or rather the satten member, is threatened. I saw a lead ing citizen progressing, at the rate of two knots an hour ; usual pace in Newcastle, half a knot. Men whisper to men mysteriously ; they talk with their elbows, their shoulders, and their forefingers, and then dive into bar parlours. What does it all mean ? It has been calculated that a contest would be worth at least £r- to Newcastle ; quite a nice little sum these hard times, and, carefully divided, should go a long way. Just fancy ! £C-, five golden ; sov. — oh, murder ! I give in. ? 