Wfi have received a copy of Mr. U.vlTJEv's Masonic UaU'.pBtUppic against his old friena and associate, Mr. Parkes. It his been described in . one quarter k h: " gigantic effort of oratory ;" in another, as an "absurd and mendacious piece of fooli3hne33." In our view it is-neither. There is nothing particularly gigantic about it - except per haps the infamy it lashes - nor is there anything in the least degree absurd and mendacious-unless it be the lies that, tor the hundreth time, it exposes. It i3 simply a very indignant, impassioned denunciation, of the new Premier as a sham and impostor, and of his colleagues as shameless renegades or deluded imbeciles, couched in very eloquent language, and doubtless delivered with all that brilliant rapidity and force for which the learned gentleman as an orator is famous. Mr. DALLEY has "the reputation of being a good friend, but we should imagine he is also an excellent hater. He has never for gotten or forgiven that wretched "ICiama Ghost" business, and thinks, as we think, that his -friend Mr. MACLKAY'S services in .xposing that infamous conspiracy-the only oonspiracy of (tho3e dark troubled days ; have never been rightly recognised or even understood by the public. So the greater part of his long speech is.;taken up : with going over the whole bad, shameful sto:'y again, though to what useful purpose, seeing that even when the 'evidence was fresh and the charge proved, the accused was acquitted, . is not very clear. Mr. PARKES may be all his old friend has painted him, and if so, it must he admitted that his own execrable ICiama . creation would be pleasanter company. But does not Mr. Dalley see that he must also be something more 1 The people have not fallen in love with him because he invented a "host "to frighten them, and 0Ut-lA.G0ED IAGO by robbing them both of pur3e and good name. Mr. BOILER is not.his colleague because he libelled his religion or borrowed his money; and even Mr. Inn'KS has not been; lei to see in him a, ." master of the science of Governmentbecause he-condescended to. relieve that gentle youth of a. five-pound note. There must be some deeper secret in this sudden admiration of so. many people for a'monster of iniquity who, according to j Mr. DALLEY, if he doesn't corrupt their prin | ciples -will certainly pick their pockets ; and . the secret, we think, is this. He has taken the trouble to woo the people, and, like most persistent wooers, he has won. If Mr. DALLEY wonders at the preference, and asks the reason of their choice, the people's reply will probably be that there wa3 no prefer ence, for there was no choice. Let him take equal trouble, and he may ask the question, perhaps, at some future day with better hope of a satisfactory answer.: THE town of Parramatta does not enjoy a very: odoriferous reputation. Of old the head-: quarters of the villainy of a convict colony, It contracted a character as a dangerous residence for respectable people,. which it; has certainly been in no hurry to; lose. Time may have , changed the form of its favourite vices, as an old sinner is bound; to modify at least;ft»B vigour of- bis sins ; but; the old spirit is still there, as when scoun drels cracked stones and skulls on its high way 3, and female fiends danced savage ca n -can* in its gaols. Long known as the chosen home of scandal and slander ; for many years, having afflicted the colony with a succession of political shams'and imbecilities, it. has now turned its .vast energies, in producing the detestable in another, direction, and presented us with one of the choicest speci mens of literary ruffianism ever seen out1 of an American whiskey-den or a London gin shop: . In the local paper, the Cumberland Tim's, of Saturday appears an article on Mr. \V. B. DALLEY . which, for bold, unwashed, unblushing blackguardism, we have no hesi tation in denouncing as the worst that ever disgraced Australian journalism. The subject is professedly that gentleman's recent speech on Mr. PARKES, but the real subject is Mr. DALLEY himself, his appearance, his personal peculiarities, his very clothes, the cut of his coat and his cane; the whole seasoned with a sauce of the most atrocious lies and slanders that ever choked a villain. Unfortunately for the honour of journalism, they do not seem to have choked this villain, but for the credit both of Parramatta and of journalism it is to be hoped that they yet will, suffi ciently at least for identification. The language of the gutter may possibly be pardoned to Parramatta scribe3, but when it comes to flinging about the veritable filth it is time to call for the police. The article bears strong internal proof of its authorship, and we should not be surprised to hear-if anyone takes the trouble to stir so foul a puddle that it had been traced to much higher quarters thau the office of the Cumberland Times. In that case it would be hard to say which was the more utterly contemptible the scoundrel who could use a public journal for such a purpose, or the public journal which could so prostitute itself to such a sccundrel. THE hospital squabble has reached another stage. Dr. IIobiksok has been duly white washed and re-instated, and it is to be hoped will be duly sensible of the favour. If it has not been quite on his own terms, or on those which his friends with a persistent devotion worthy of a more important object, pndeavoureM to secure for hitn, it may yet be remarked that no one gets exactly what he wants in this world, and that inany casesotne thing is better than nothing. A hundred a year divided by two may not be a very great thing, but on the other hand it is a good deal better than nothing at, all, which is the exact amount that many other medical men at many other hospitals, are content to receive for their charitable services. There is, however, one point in the matter to be sincerely regretted, and that is that those who have so devotedly, fought the doctor's battle, should have been debarred from taking any part in his final triumph. It was too bad, after having worked so hard, to be. told at the last moment that only one thing more remained for them to do as hospital committee-men-to walk gracefully out. It seems a legal opinion has been obtained from Sir WILLIAM AIa.N'.VIKG to the effect.that tile election of certain committee-men was utterly illegal, and consequently on one of those gentlemen proposing a resolution for his friend's re-iiistatement the chairman re | fused to hear him. We have not seen the opinion, and iudeed know nothing about it, further than that the chairman acted upon it on this occasion, as we presume it will be acted upon at all future committee meetings. It_ follows that for the management of the Hospital for this year there arc left j-J3t five committee-men-unless, indeed, we are to have two committees, each assuming to manage the Hospital, and each ignoriag the act3 of the other. It is a happy state of things, and illustrates in a remarkable way the advantage in a small community pi public spirited individuals who, to serve a private jjurpose, Mill stick at nothing. THE letter from a shaieholder in the Bridge Company, published in another column, bears one thing on its face, which we may there fore just as well admit-that it was hot written in Wagga. It is far too cool, far too reasonable to have emanated frojn anyone within the charmed circle of Wagga local feeling, on either side of that interesting question, Free Pant v. Bridge. Our corres pondent doubtless means well, and even argues well, for a man who clearly knows little or nothing of the real causes of dispute. No doubt it would be an excellent thing if the loug squabble between the public and the company could be closed so pleasantly and profitably for all parties-if directors aud fierce free-puuters could meet in the same board-room and forget their differences in sharing the same dividend-just as it would be an excellent thing if dogs would cease to bark and bite, or Fiji savages take to TUPPEP. and tea-meetings. But what is to be thought of an amiable enthusiast who proposes to set about such a transformation by inducing the Bridge; Company to' sell their property for " less than half its original cost ?" Why, have we not had it on the authority of the director of the directors that twice its origi nal cost would be little enough, and that then it could not be parted with without a pang ! "AShareholder" may be quite sincere in repudiating the high-rates policy of a "bare majority of the directors," from which he has so largely benefitted, but we are quite sure that a large majority of both directors and shareholders would be equally sincere aud much more emphatic in repudiating him. Besides, there is another objection. Does "A Shareholder" imagine that he can so easily rob 113 of our standing wrong, our pet grievauce, worth to "us more. than many bridges and punts to boot ? The subjects to kick up rows and bold indignant public meetings about are becoming few and ludicrously little enough as it is; would lie deprive us of the best subject of all-the evergreen grievance, without which local paragraphs were pointless, and local patriot ism pumped out ? Our correspondent, we are afraid, must "try back." He is evi dently an amiable, well-meaning man, but altogether too good for this world, or at any rate by many degrees too good for Wagga. THE.new Postmaster-General, Mr. LLOYD, has a' fine opportunity of distinguish ing himself. , Let him' find out the blockhead in liis department who has arranged, or - rather disarranged the mail time-table between this and Albury, and incontinently compel hitn to put his clumsy handiwork right again. , If Sir JAMES MARTIN* were still Premier, one might ima gine the recent change another exhibition of that worthy gentleman's good feeling towards Riverina, and would certainly have to admit him to be master in the art of plaguing. But he is not, and indeed the blunder is too out rageous to be accounted for on any other ground than downright ignorance and stupidity. Will it be believed that the Melbourne mail of Friday, which under the old arrangement arrived here with admirable punctuality on Sunday, does not now reach us till the fol lowing Wednesday ; while the mail of a day later (Saturday) via Deuiliquin reaches us two days sooner, on the succeeding Monday! It is absurd to suppose that such a needless nuisance as this can be submitted to, and the sooner the Postmaster-General has the blunder rectified the better for that gentle man's official peace. The annoyance is the greater, from the fact that as the Melbourne weeklies are despatched by the Friday's mail, those papers, which are almost the sole literary food of many bush families, do not reach their readers until a week after date. How would Mr. LLOYD like to read his paper six days old ? 