B 88 [From Chambers's Journal.] ( Concluded.) The night was a cold one. but I as strong and hearty, and had carcely lclt it; but the'moment I t down opposite the "host I became nscious of a coldness far exceeding liy that I had experienced before. I came chilled to the very marrow he air of the compartment seemed 5 though it had swept over a : usand icebergs. My hair seemed lift, and my. whiskers to crisp and gle, with the intense cold; and I nd afterwards that my. watch had opped at the very moment of my tering the carriage I sat down d waited for what might happen My companion's hand had. ne down on to his knee when I ened the carriage-door. He now t opposite to me, neither stirring r speaking, doing nothing, in fact, ut gazing with mournful intensity traight into my .very. soul. The old grew uiore extreme, if such a ing were possible. A numbness hat had begun with tny feet was now •recping slowly up my body ; I ould feel it creep and spread little y little, stealing gradually upward o my heart, and slowly freezing the ife out ol me. 1 had no power to nove a muscle; 1 sat like a man urned to stone. At length the cold ouclied my heart, or seemed to do o. A deathlike faintitess crept over e. The light in the root' grew iminer; the figure opposite me lost s sharpness of outline, becomiug ded and indistinct. But through verything 1 could feel those piercing yesiixed immovably oil mine, till at ength life itself seemed to be rubbed lowly and softly out, and 1 knew lothing more. I knew notliing more —that is, till I came to my senses in a dream, and strange to say, I knew from the first moment that my dream was nothing more than a dream. I found myself in an old-i'ashioned, oak-panelled room, which, years gone by, had evidently been a state apartment in some aristocratic mansion. It "was now, however, furnished in a spare and meagre manner with a few articles of common-place furniture In the huge fire-place, the sides of which were inlaid with blue and white Dutch ti'es, a few dying cinders had beeu raked carefully together. It was uight, for the wide window-place was curtained, and the large room was dimly lighted by a couple of candles, each of them held by a griffin's claw in bronze, that protruded from the wall, omc on each side of the chimney-piece. But all these were details that I seemed to eel rather than to see. My attention as at once concentrated on the ccupants of the room — two in umber. One of them, was a young an about five-and-twenty years old, ith sandy hair and beard, and a keen foxy-looking face—none other, in fact, than Mr Muxloe himself as he must have appeared when a young man. The other inmate of the room was a man both younger and handsomer than Mr Muxloe, but he was at that moment lying dead across the hearth, with ghastly face and widestaring eyes, with a ragged wound in his forehead. Close by the dead man lay a heavy riding-whip. Mr Muxloe was down on one knee, with one hand clasped tightly iu the other, gazing with a sort of frenzied horror at the terrible piece of work before him. It was a look that has come back to me in my dreams many a time since then. 'My friend—the °nly friend I ever had,' I heard him mutter, « and yet I, of all men, must be his murderer!' ; He pressed bis hand to bis eyes, and great sobs shook him from bead to foot. After a < time he grew calmer, and then he rose sadly to hisfeet. 'There is no help for it,' he said; ' I cannot face the world—I dare not risk the gallows.' He went out, but returned presently with a spade, a pickaxe, and one or two other implements from the garden. Then he turned, back the faded carpet, and proceeded with workmanlike dexterity to take up a portion of the oaken flooring. In the grouud thus exposed to view, he dug a deep and narrow trench, throwing tip the earth on to the boards as he did so. It was a Work that took some time, and long before lie had done it, great beads of sweat rolled down his haggard face. But they fell unheeded, and he never ceased digging till the hole was to his mind. Then he got out of it, and rested for a little while. But presently he was up and examining the contents of a dusty old box that lay neglected in one corner of the room. From this box he produced a sheet of parchment, -and, going to a table on which stood .pen and ink, he proceeded slowly, and with much deliberation, to write out a statement, which, having finished, he signed and dated. Next from a cupboard he brought a small tin canister. As soon as the writing was dry, he folded the parchmeut, and shut it up in the canister. Next from the same cupboard he brought a large, travelling-cloak, which he proceeded to spread out at the. bottom of the trench. Then, but not without some inward shrinking, as I could see, he went up to the body and raised it in his arms; but before placing it in the hole he had. dug, he kissed it tenderly on the forehead twice. ' O Arthur ! O my friend,' he murmured, 'if by the sacrifice of my life I could bring back a smile to those white lips, I swear to heaven that I would gladly die this minute To think that i should make a murderer of myself for any woman's sake—least of all, lor her!' In three minutes more the body was in the rude grave, that had been dug to receive it, the canister and the riding whip had been laid beside it,some folds of the travelling cloak bad been thrown over the whole, and Mr Muxloe, spade in hand, was standing with anguished facc, gazing his last on the man whom his fierce, passions had blotted so suddenly out of existence. I saw "no'more. I think it must have been the loud whistling of the engine as we shot into Fellside tunnel that, awoke me so suddenly. Anyhow, at this point I did awake, and found myself still sitting in the middle compartment of B 88, but with no Mr Muxloe opposite me—I was alone. My limbs were so numbed and stiff with cold, that for a few minutes I seemed to ,have no use, in them. Gradually some warmth crept back into my veins, and as soon as I felt my strength and nerve were equal to the task, I, made the best of my way back to. ,my own compartment We-were but'ifive miles from Park End by • thils :: time. A few minutes later I was on the platform with the old 1 woman and the youngsters, all shakitig me by the hand at once. It is almost worth one's while to leave home tor a time, just to see how pleased the ; missisand the bairns are to get one back again. I said nothing to anybody about what I had seen and gone through in B 88. I kept it shut up close in my own mind, but I could not help thinking it all over at least twenty times a day. That scene in the oak-panelled room was so deeply impressed on luy memory, that, after all these years, I can recall every feature of it as clearly as if it liad happened but yesterday. Had it been a scene ini real life,-1 should doubtle^ haVelialf? forgotten it years ago ; but the surrounding. circumstances were so strange, and out of the common way, that, if I should live to be a hundred, it would all be as fresh in my memory as it was the morning after it happened. . A week came and went without my seeing or hearing any tiling more of Air Muxloe. One eveuing ^s I was going off duty I was met and stopped by a gentleman dressed all iu black. ' Can yon tell me,' said he, ' whether your Company has a guard of the name ol Preston in its employ ?' ' My name is John Preston, at your service, sir,' answered I. ' Then you are probably the man I want,' said he. ' My name is Keppel, and I am a nephew of the Mr Muxloe who was so unfortunately killed at this station about six months ago. I was out of England at the time, and was obliged to depend on a brief newspaper report lor. the details of the occurrence. I am greatly desirous of having full particulars from some one who was on the spot at the time. If you be the man I take you for, it was you who lifted up my uncle from the spot where he fell, and it was in your arms that he died.' I am the man you mean, sir; and to any information I can give yon, you are quite welcome' Then here is ray address; and if you will come to my bouse for an hour this evening, you shall have no cause to regret having obliged me.' I promised to be at his house by -nine o'clock ; and with that we parted. I was there to my time. The house was in the outskirts of the town, and stood in its own grounds. It was too dark for me to see much of the out- side, but the moment I got indoors, I saw that the place was very old. I was admitted by a servant, who, after telling me that Mr Keppel would be down in two or three minutes, threw open a side door, and showed me a long, low, old- fashioned room—into no other room, in fact, than the oak-panelled room of my dream ! I knew it again in a moment, although it was now furnished very differently, and I sauk into a chair all of a tremble. Yes, there was the very oak-panelling, with its quaint, zigzag, carved pattern; there the wide old fireplace, inlaid with blue and white Dutch tiles; there the huge window place, in which half a dozen people might have sat with comfort. I recognised them all. I could not describe to you the cold, sickening feeling that crept over me as I looked round. Had that gruesome tragedy, as seen by me in my dream, ever beeu really enacted in that room ? Did the murdered mau's bones still lie uncoflined under the boards of that old floor ? I shuddered like a frightened child as I put those questions to myself. Fortunately^ I bafd time to pull myself together a bit before Mr Keppel came into the room. He was very kind and affable, and had the decanters and a cold fowl brought out before ever he asked me a question. Just then I could not eat, but a stiff tumbler of brandy and water helped me to get my nerve back again. Aftejthat, Mr Keppel began to question me, and I gave him a full, true, and particular account of all the circumstances, so far as I knew them, in connection with his uncle's death. He was greatly interested. But when I had got through everything that he wanted tokuow,.and he had nothing further to ask me. I plucked up heart of grace and determined to tell him how Mr Muxloe had appeared to.nie several times since his death, and of my strange dream in B88. I never saw any one more astonished than Mr'Keppel was by the time I had finished my story. For a little while he seemed almost too overcome to speak. At last he said : ' If what you say be true—and I have no reason to doubt your word—it apparently points to one of those mysteries which seem purposely sent now aud then as if to baffle the utmost exercise of human reason. This house, which now belongs to me, was certainly my uncle's property for a great number of years. Although he lived lor the most part in London, he used to come down here for one or two days almost every month, ostensibly for the suke of the excellent fishing with which the neighborhood abounls. He would never let the house, although he might have had tenants by the score.. One; , old woman had the sole charge of it wtteti he was away, and waited upon him when he was here. There is one fact in connection with my uncle's residence here which seems in some measure to beau out the most singular point of your narrative: this very room in which we are sitting—iu which, according to your account. & dreadful tragedy took place many years ago—was never, so long us 'l can remember, made use of by. mv uncle. It was always kept locked and shuttered ; and often as 1 was bere during my uncle's lifetime, I never saw inside the door of this room till after his death Enough, however, for the present. I must have time to think this strange story of yours carefully over. Come and see ine at eight the evening after to-morrow, if you have no better engagement.' Punctual to the time, I was there. I was shown into the oak- panelled room. There I found Mr Keppel, two gentlemen,and Donald, the gardener.' I have told these two gentlemen, who are particular friends of mine,' said Mr Keppel, 'all that you told me the other evening. We have consulted together, and have decided, not with- out hesitation, to investigate the matter, so far as it is in our power to do so after so great a lapse of time. As a matter of course, our first step is to ascertain whether anyone has been buried in the way described by you, under the flooring of this room. Donald here, who is discretion itself, will proceed to make the necessary search. Be good enough to point out the exact spot, as nearly as you can remember it, where you saw the body put away.' I bad no difficulty in doing this, everything was fixed too clearly in my memory for that. So Donald set to work under my directions. I took off my coat, and gave him a helping hand, while the three gentlemen looked quietly on. I need not trouble you with details. It will be sullicient to say that before long we came upon a skeleton, intermixed with some fragments of clothing a.nd some rusted jewellery. Near at hand were the remains of what had at one time beeu a riding whip, loaded with lead, while no great distance away was the rusted tin canister which I felt certain from the first that we should not fail to iind. Mr Keppel opened the canister, and drew from it a strip ot parchment. We all crowded round the table. After glancing through the paper himself he proceeded to read aloud what was there written. This is what was written :— Park End, Nov. 9, IS— ; 11 p.m. I, Johu Muxloe. of the Inner Temple, barrister at law, having this night done a deed which, if made public, would iu all probability bring me to the gallows, hereby solemnly depose to the truth of the undermentioned facts : At nine o'clock this evening, being at that time busy over uiy law books, I was disturbed by a knock at the front door. My .servant having left me to attend the death-bed ol her mother, 1 was constrained to open the door myself. The person who knockcd was my friend, Arthur Clevedon, the dearest friend 1 had on earth. He had his riding boots on, and was splashed with mud. In one hand he carried a heavy whip, lie walked past mc without a word of greeting into the oak-panelled room, and I followed, wondering what could possibly be the matter with him- His first words to me were: 'John Muxloe, you are an infernal villain !' I was thunderstruck. 'Those arc very hard words, Arthur,' 1 said. 1 You must be either crazy or drunk * ' Neither one nor the other,' he answered. ' 1 repeat that you are an I internal villain, and I have come here ! to horsewhip you.' I laughed a little ; scornfully. ' It is possible Ibr two j people to play at that same, amigo j rniaI said. He was poising his riding whip in his haud, and his eyes looked as if they would bum me through. ' Arthur, my friend,' I said, suddenly softening, 'what is it ?—what is the meaning of these hard words? As true as (here is a heaven above us. 1 do not understand you !' ' Liar and scoundrel, you understand mc but too well!' he answered- Then he gave vent to a wild torrent of words, in which be accused me of having surreptitiously stolen away the affections of a certain lady, whose name need not be mentioned here, I being aware at the same time that her troth had already been plighted in secret to him- Never WHS there a more unfounded accusation! It is true that the lady had promised to become mine, but—and I swear it here most solemnly—1 had not the remotest idea that Arthur Clevedon had ever been anything more to her than an ordinary friend. She had deceived him and hoodwinked me, for what purpose was known to her own false heart alone All this I tried to tell Arthur, but he would not hear me Once again he called me a liar, and as he did so he lashed me across the face with his whip. With a cry of rage, I sprang at his throat. I know scarcely anything of what followed till 1 saw him lying dead at my feet, with the blood streaming from a great wound in his forehead. I had smitten hint down with his own heavy whip All this happened but one short hour ago. but what an hour has that been to me ! and what other terrible hours has the future in store for me ! But 1 dare not look forward- Another thing I dare not do: I dare not let the world know the deed I have this night done. My story would never be believed. They would say T had ^murdered him ; they would hang me! No; 1 must keep my own counsel; I must lock up the secret lor ever in iny own breast. I have dug a hole under ihe<flooring of this room in which to dispose of the body. By its side I shall place this document, so that, in case this night's dark deed should ever be brought to light in time to <come, all dispute and inquiry may be obviated. Should it ever be brought to light during my lifetime I shall have but one resource. I should kill myself. O Arthur! dearest friend that man ever had, how I But I can write no more for tears. My eyes are blinded, my heart weeps tears of blood- In that world beyond the grave where all that is dark here is made clearer than day, we may perhaps meet again. Then will thy hand clasp mine in friendship as of old—only it will be a friendship that will last for ever- Then wilt thou know how innocent I was of wronging thee in thought, word, or deed Till that time shall come—Farewell! JOHN MUXLOE. The reading of this strange docilmen t filled every one present with horror and surprise- It was of course considered a confirmation of the statement I bad madeto Mr Keppel. Nothing more was done that night. Mr Keppel said he must have time to consider what steps it would be most advisable to take under such peculiar circumstances. The result may be stated in very few words. The bones were taken up, placed in a coffin, and interred with the customary solemnities in consecrated ground. The world was never told that it had been discovered whose bones .they were, but I think it not unlikely that Mr Keppel made some private communication to the friends of Mr Clevedon. But be that as it may, the affair was quietly hushed up, and the real facts of the case never spread beyond a very limited circle. I need scarcely add that Mr Muxloe never troubled me again ; but, on the other hand, Mr Keppal did not lose sight of me. He has bei-n a good friend to me in twenty difi'erent ways between then and now- And so ends this full, true, and particular account of the only ghost I ever saw, or wish to see, till the time comes when I shall be a ghost myself. 