THE ASHWELL INSTITUTE ANNIVERSARY This very lively and interesting affair ^?as celebrated on Wednesday last, the ?programme opening with a shooting match, ot which, we have unfortunately not been furnished with the particulars. To this succeeded in the afternoon a i;ea party, at which about 170 guests were accommodated with a very substantial and elegant meal supplied by Mrs Barrow, Mrs Williams, and the bachelors .of the locality, whose tray under the .charge of several lady visitors was so extensively patronised as to fall occasion .ally short of its essentials. At half-past ?seven the company reassembled for the .evening's proceedings, which opened with an address from the Chairman, Mr John Barrow, who said that improvement had characterised the classes during the year, and that the prospects of the Institute were very fair. A goodly number of young yeomen of the neighborhood had joined the Institute, and class the second 'is getting accustomed to study. Pro fpriety of demeanour appeared to he on .the decline in the neighborhood, if they were to judge from the nocturnal displays .of the previous evening. He hoped, how ever, that the day was not far distant when the platform of their Institutes would gain a more decisive victory than had ever been achievsd by the foul, .mouthed artillery of warlike conquerors. He then read the balance sheet, which ?was as follows :- — £ b. d. balance in hand from last audit 9 0 3| Net receipts for last twelve months ... ... 21 16 6 Total 30 16 9| Disbursements for the year 23 3 3 Balance in hand £7 8 6| Debts owing by Institute nil. The number of volumes in the Library ' iie reported as 22 S, and 13 on elocution, making a total of 241. Number of issues during the year 436 volumes. Number of members o» the roll during ifche year^S. The entertainment of the'evenmg* com menced with an overture by Mks Lucy I Jfott. Mr Farmer thsn gave ' The single I gentleman,' followed by Miss Hearne's I song, ' Lords of the Creation,' her reap pearance at Ashwell being greeted with hearty cheers. A reading by Mr Harvey * On Matrimony,' and a recitation by Mr John Harvey 'American Eloquence,' followed. The duet ' Gathering Flowers ' was charmingly sung by Mrs Fowler and Miss Hearn, and was followed by the I Chairman's reeitation of Bloomfield's 1 *' Fakenham Ghost.' Mrs JTowier and Mr Saint then gave the comic duet ' The happy Policeman.' Messrs J. and J.Law eon performed in character ' The Poor Gentleman.' Mr Thomas gave in ?character 'The gay life of a young » recruit.' Mrs Fowler sung in an inter esting style ' The Dashing White Ser toottH ' *M~isB TTohto*!! ' .TfiRRip's 'Drfiam ' svas rendered in pleasing style. Mr Thomas and J. Harris gave in character (admirably got up), a scene between jPaktaff and Prince Hal, the execution ri which was not appreciated as it deserved Mr Saint then gave the song ' Two in the Morning,' and Mr Lawson recited ** Talking Latin' in good style. Mrs Fowler and Mr Saint then gave ' Family Jars ' in so accpptable a style as to lead to an encore. Mrs Fowler then sang charmingly tl Do they think of me ai Borne?' Mr Harris's ' Naughty Little Boy ' was well rendered. The Chairman iben recited 'The Last Man.' Miss Hearn concluded with ' Bygone Days.' i The Chairman propos ed the thanks of the company to the Jadies who had so liberally provided tea, and also to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in the entertainment/ which, proved highly gratifying, being pronounced the best entertainment that part of the country j had yet witnessed. J 