T H E US L U C K Y LOVERS., \- -- - - A TALE OF JAPAN. Fanny Foo-Foo was a Japanese girl, A' child of the great Tycoon : She wore her head bald, aud her clothes were made Half petticoat, half pantaloon; Her face was the color of lemon-peel, Aud tho shape of a table spoon. A handsome young chap was Johnny Hi-Ili, And he wore paper-muslin clothes : His glossy black hair on the top of his head In the shape of a shoe-brush rose; His eyes slanted downwards, as if some chap Had savagely pulled his nose. Fanuy Foo-Foo loved Johnny Hi-Hi, Aud when in the usual style He popped, she blushed such a deep orange tinge, You'd have thought she'd too much bile. If it hadu't been for her slant-eyed glance Aud her charming wide-mouthed smile. Aud oft iu the bliss of their uew-boru love, Did these little Pagans stray AU arouud iu spots, enjoying themselves In a strictly Japanese way; She howling a song to a one-stringed lute, On which she thought she could play. Often he'd climb to a high ladder's top, And quietly there repose As he stood on his head and fanned himself, While she balanced hiin on her nose, Or else she would get in a pickle-tub, And be kicked around on his toes. The course of true love, even in Japan, Often runs extremely rough, And the fiercc Tycoon, when he heard of this, Used Japanese oaths so tough That his courtiers' hair would have stood on end If ouly they'd had enough. So the Tycoon buckled on both his swords, In his pistol placed a wad, And went out to hunt for the truant pair, With his nerves braced by a tod. He found theiu enjoying their guileless 'selves On the top of a lightning-rod. Sternly he ordered the geutle Foo-Foo To " come down out of that there!" And he told Hi-Hi to go to a place— I won't say precisely where, Then he dragged off his child, whose spasms evinced Unusually wild despair. But the Tycoon, alas ! was badly fooled, . Despite hie f-aieraal paias, For John, with a tooth-pick, let all the blood Out'of his jugular veins; . While with a back somersault on the floor Foo-Foo battered out her brains. They buried them both in the Tycoon's lot Right under a dogwood tree,. Where they could list to-the nightingale, and The buzz of the bumble-bee; And where the mosquito's sorrowful cliout Maddens thf restless flea. And often at night when the Tycoon's wife yiuihbered as sound as a post, His almond-shaped eyeballs looked on a sight That scared him to death almost; 'Twas a bald- headed spectre .flitting about With a paper-muslin ghost. A PERFECT CURE.—Two Highland thieves set out one night, to steal, the one a wedder, and the other kale, agreeing to meet in the graveyard aud share the booty. The one who had only to go to the kaleyard, of course, was at the place of rendezvous first, and sat down on a gravestone, amusing himself with eating castocks, until the other should come with the wedder. In a farm-house near by, a cripple tailor happened to He at work, aii<l the conversation having turned upon the story of the churchyad being haunted, the tailor boldly censured some young men present for not having the courage to ge and speak to the supposed apparition, adding that, if he had the use of his legs, he would' have no hesitation in doing it himself. One of the young men ? nettled at the tailor's remarks, lifted the tailor upon his back, and marched off with him to the graveyard. The moment they entered the yard, the garden plunderer, thinking it was his comrade with the sheep on his back, cried out, " Is he fat ?'' " Wether he be fair or lean," cried the young man, " there he is to ye," and> throwing down the tailor, ran off as fast as he could. On entering the farm-house, to his astonishment he found the tailor close at his heels, intense fear having supplied him with theiong lost use of his legs, which, it is said, he retained ever after. A West Indian, who had a remarkably fiery nose, having fallen asleep on his sofa* a negro boy, who was in waiting, observed a mosquito hovering round his face. Quasby eyed the insect very attentively ; at last "he saw him alight on his master's nose, and immediatly fly off. ~ " Ah, golly !" exclaimed/ the" negro, shaking with laughter, " Massa's nose am de settler for you. Me jolly glad to see yon burn you foot Guess you wont fizzel over Massa's nose again." A bald-headed banker, who prides himself in being a self-made man, during a talk with a friend had occasion to remark that he was the architect of his own destiny—that he was a self-made man. " W-w-what d-did you s-say ?" asked the friend who stutters. "I say with pride, that I am a self-made man—that I made myself—" " Hold," interrupted the friend, " w-while you were m-m-making yonr- -self, why the dickens d-did-didn't yon p-put some more h-liair on the top of y-your head ?" A petty Prince of Italy having learned that a Frenchman, then at his Court, had used some raillery against liim,sent orders to him to leave his dominions in three days. " He is very good," answered the Frenchman,'-/'to give me so long a time. I could have done it in three-quirters of an hour." A very fat man, for the purpose of quizzing the doctor, asked him to prescribe for a complaint, which he declared was sleeping with his mouth open. w Sir," said the doctor, " your decease is incurable. Tour skin is too short, so that when you shut your eyes your mouth opens." • "Take that fellow," cried the great Conde "take that ftllow who is making a noise in the pit pud carry him to prison." " I am not to be taken, please your Highness,' 'said the man, as Le was running away. " they call me ' Lerida.," Lerida was the name of a Spanish town which the Prince of Conde had beseiged iu vain. Social enjoyment among the Border pesantry formerly consisted in positive inebriety. John Anderson. Blacksmith in Ettrick, in passing through the hamlet late one.evc-ning, was beard by a bystander to be muttering. "I've spent half-acroon the nicht, aa,' dash it-,,I'm no drunk yet?'' Ho was disgusted witli his sobriety.—A Tho mails having for a weeic failed to come to time in an Aarkansas towa, the local paper says it has been forced to draw heavily on the almanacs for copy, and if comunication wi.h the outer world should 'be still longer cut off, " we will be obliged next week to make extracts from the Bible, thus supplying some of our readers, at least, with matter eut'rely new to them." Pope's oath was, " God mend me." A linkboy, to whom he had refused a penny, looked at his dhnunitive crooked stature, cried out, "God mend you, indeed ! it would be less trouble to make a new one."- The cat with nine lives always falls on its own feet, but the cat with, nine tails always falls on somebody else's back. —Australasian. Century of Scottish Life. 