CONSISTENCY - - We have often had occasion to point out the inconsistencies of the 'Corner " on the question of Christian encouragement to Races and Theatres. We have' tsrken for granted that the Christian .position and profession of ex-Ghristian Ministers and Acting Deacons would con.sider the Race- coui'sbas it is andbver has been as not quite in harmony with Church membership and Sabbath School teaching. But it appears that -we have been mistaken. The said "Uprner " gentlemen have maiiitiiined rip until.Vnow a very niiirked and prudent reticence: : They have borne witli oru- strictures hitherto with great patience. They have- hitherto left the public to draw .what inferences tliey might choose from the encouraging reports on all occasions of races and starring " in the theatre. But how we have got a full and explicit avowal of views, and they liave declai-ed. their principles ; and this accounts for the Herald authorities buying up the trade and copy- x-ight of the late 7ieWs Zf/e; and becoming the prrxveyox"s to the public of all x-aciiig and other sitorting ixews. The followmg appeared iix la.st Saturday's Mail, and therefore it is the formal and official avowal of the sentiments of the " Corner" on the question of the Turf, and the . prrblic an nouncement of the policy oix which the "Coi-ner" has resolved to act:-— "We agree rvith Sir Hercules Robinson, that when well used, the sex'vdce it — (the Race course) — may render in establishing a fine breed of hoxses is undeniably great, and we are glad to see that he identifies himself with the spox"t for the purpose of keeping it to the point, and extracting what good there is in it for the colony. To stand aloof from the Turf is, pei'haps, to hand it over entirely to the class of persons whose practices now go far to make it .disreprit- abie. If it is susceptible of reform, the best course is for gentlemen to ally them selves with it for the pux-pose of reforming it, as they have, with some success, at tempted to do in England." Now, we confess that we. were scarcely prepared for such a plaiix statement as this. We believe also that such an approval of the Tuxf as this will take many co- xeligionists by siu- prise. But " evil communications cox-xaipt good manners." That the Herald and the Mail have now got Sir Hex'cules to " agree with," this is, no doubt, something. Under the countenance of one so experieixced and exalted in station, the Herald and the Mail have published the fact that the authoxities at the " Corner " are on the side of the Turf, and are resolved to rescue the Turf from all that is " disx'eputable." We shall therefox-e hexxcefoxtlx be px'ivileged to see the cari-iage of the Herald, loaded with ex- clergymen and active deacons of churches in Sydney pushing up South Head Road to Randrvick, and along PaxTamatta-stxeet to Homobush, because they have now " allied themselves with the Turf for the purpose of x-eforming it." No longer will they "stand aloof" from the sport of the Racecorxrse. They will no longer side with the Puritans ill appearance while pocketing the profit, but they will " agree with Sir Hercules ' and "identify themselves with the spoxtto extract the good there is in it for the colony." With Sir Hercules they are going to " take their wives and daughtex's" to the graxxd stand, axxd under the influence of their noble and patriotic example they ax-e going to " discormtenance " black legs and "gamblex-s." They ax-e "glad'' that Sir Hex'Cules has come and spoken, and now they are going to join with him to do as they "do in England." Woe, therefore, to all the bookmakers and sharpers who have hithexto made the Racecoux'se their owxx ! Woe to all speculators who have been monopolizing the x'acing trade and dx'iving out the legitimate sporters who side with the breeders. A new era of raciixg is now to be inaugru'ated. The Turf is xiow to be purged. It is now to be made the chosen reiidezvous of all virtuous wives axxd daughtex's. Fa.st youxxg womeix axxd fast young xnen are xxever more to be seen withiix the enclosux-e. For the Hei-ald and the Mail have " agreed with Six- Hex-cules" to do as they do, with some success, ixx Eng- laixd 1 We recommend, ixx ox-der that the x-e- fox- matioxl and regeneratioix xixay be com- : plete, that aix officiatixig clergyman open the x'aces with devotioxxal exex-cises ; and when the ixxstrxxctive and purifyixxg excitexxxent is oveivand the " wives axxd daughters " have beexx decicledly edified by the flyiixg coloxxx-s axxd jockeys ixxxperilling their necks, what would be more suitable than that a hymvi should be sung, axxd then the assexxxbly be clxspex'sed with the Apostolic beixeclictioxx ? We commend this most xxxteresting mxittei to the solenxxx coxxsideratioix of the x-eligious pxxblic.'- ' Priest Slattery has delivex-ed a lecture ixx Goxxlbuixx tc) the Rxxman Catholic ybixpg men, oxx ;'' B6oks which shoxxlci be read, axlcl books which should ixot be read." He ex- plauxecl that he - thoughtvof sthat stibject , because one day whexx -tiAvelUng ixx the bush he entered a lioixse and found ' a book lyixxg oxx the table which spoke agaixxst tlie " Cixtholic Chixrch:'! He said that the authox; of the. book was a clexgymam; but it xvas a inost dangex'oixs book, axxd oxight xxot to be read, because it spoke agaixxst the Catholic Chiu'ch. On . this priixciple an effectxxal barrier is put to reading which will bx'ing both sides of a qxxestion before the young nxexx. ! If the yoxxng xnen are hot to read: axxy book wlxich professedly can- , vasses the doctrine axxd claims of the " Church," how caxx they ever kxxowJ|both sides ? If they are to read bxxly wha|t the " Church " approves, oixly -what praises the Chxxrch, only what is ixx favour of the Chux'ch, how can they have axxy iixtelligeht accuaixxtance with the m.atters in dispute 1 Priest Slattery vexy promptly axxswers the question; he virtixy says "they are tohave faith ixx the Chxxrch, they are to receive the texxchixxg and x-eading of the Chux'ch with out question, and they ax-e to accept the refutation of 'heretics' and 'heresies'! as set forth in books which the Church appx'oves !" Bixt is not this to insult the intelligence of the youxxg men ? Is it not to mock their capacity and freedom ? ; Is it not the very thixxg that Protestants charge upoix the Priests that they dare not trust then- young men, nor any of their people, to exercise their own judgment ? Protestants never act upoxx this principle. They ask theii- yoxxng meix, theix- people generally, to study both sides of the ques tion. They ax-e not afraid to tell them to read evexy thing with thought and candour. It is well enoxxgh to keep difficult and opposing books out of the way of mere childi'en ; but when persons pass the period ! of children, they ought hot to be tied to the apron strings of their mother. Following out his principle, Priest Slattei-y told his Gbulburn young men that " Sir W. Scott was an unscrupulous bigot !" That Bulwer Ly tton was immoral and un-Catholic. That Dickens was harmless, and that his writings would have been " perfect" if he had been a Catholic j but that, as' it is, all his charac ters are without religion ! That Macaulay should be read with care ; which was a very shuffling advice, intended for the eye of Protestants; for lie knows quite well, or ought to know, that Macaulay has been denounced by the Pope, and placed in the " Index Expurgatorius !" And he recom mends that the Catholic young men should read the FreemarHs Journal South- ern Argus, as refuting attacks on the Church and giving true English news ! More than this. Priest Slattery warns the young men of the Church to read the Bible with " caution," hecatcse St. Peter says some people wi-est the Scripture to their own perdition ; but such a reference to Peter is simply dishonest. It is a quoting Peter against Peter. For Peter, in saying that some wrested Scripture, never intended that his words should be wrested into a warning against the reading of Scripture ; but he urged his hearers to read more and grow strong by reading ! One thing is amusing: Father Slattery attacked Bible meetings held in Goulburn because the speakers usually refer to Roman Catholics as not allowed to read the Bible; and he denounced this as a slander, because a " Ca tholic Bible shop" is just adjoining the Hall in which he was lecturing. But he forgot to tell the young men of Goul burn that the bookseller has no right to sell Bibles without a written permission from the priest, and that no young man has a right to buy one without .such a Written permission. If they sell and buy without that written permission, as the law of the Chm-ch prescribes, they do so with out the right ; and the " Church " is silent just because it dare not in a Protestant country insist on its own law. But, more than this : the Priest dishonestly withheld the statement that rio Catholic, young man or old man, dare read the Scripture loithout the explanations of the Church, and no Catholic, young man or old man, dare intei- pret Scripture but as the Church inter prets it ! If, therefore, you must not read, and must not interpret Scripture, on pain of eternal damnation, but according as the Church reads and interprets, what is this but the most effective prohibition against reading in the only sense in which reason able men would use that term ? In face of such tremendous risk no one would ever think it worth while to read. Men will prefer simply'to " hear the Church," and not read at all. And tliis is precisely what happens, for there are' thousands of Roman Catholic families which have no Bible, and never i-ead the Bible. Not one in ten thousand .of the Catholics of New South 'Wales ever read the New Testament through. And how cruel is it on the part of Mother Church ? what a distinct and decisive proof is it that the Church does not allow her children to read the Bible?— sAe has never given to her people a jicrfect inter - pretation of the Bible. As the Bible is a dangerous book, as the young men and peojde in the bush dare not rejid it hut as the Church reads it and interjn'ets, why, if the Church Avishes the people to read the Bible, does she not prepare an infallible interpretation of it for private readers 1 Having the great advantage of an infallible Pope, and a Pi-iesthood of Apostolic suc cession, why is it that the " Church" does not prepare an interpretation of the whole Bible," according to the unanimous con sent of the Fathers," which may safely be put into the hands of the people ? All ! the x'eason is quite plapi. The cunositg would be inore dangeroics them the Bible itself! TlYVE Freeman s Journal in Ireland and the FreematHs. Joimud in Sydney are in deep distress at the sudden decease of Father Conway, one of the famous Pi- iests specially pointed out by Judge Keogh as having been guilty of the most detestable conspiracy, at the Gal way election, which has been Avitnessed in Ireland. The Irish Freeman accounts for his death by ascribing it to Avounded feeling and pei-secuted good ness by the deliverance of that " infamous traitor," Judge Keogh. The funeral, it is said, was largely attended, and John of Tuam presided at the high mass, gave absolution, and conveyed safely to purtoiy the soul of the equally famous Priest Conway, who had worked so well in the election conspi racy. Let us hear what the Judge said of this " good Priest." Referring to his con duct in a prcA'ious election, in which he had been as furious and seditious as at Galway, the Judge spoke of his " slanders as broadcast oyer the land ; he had Adolated the law ; -he had cursed every one who would not vote for the candidate of the Church ; he had been translated for his audacious conduct from being the Priest of a poor district to be Priest of a parish of large size and affluence ; that he had been prosecuted for exercising undue influence ; that he had erected a political platform for the haranguing of his people in the chapel yard; that by the 'clatter' and impudence of his tongue some landlord had given him land ; that he had spoken of the British Government as thinking that the Irish people were too mnnerous," and that there fore they had sent the famine upon Ireland ; and that he had excited his sheep to meet a certain landlord and his tenants on the way to the poll, and by violence to drive them off; that in the very court, iix sotto voce, he had spoken Avords which, if spoken louder, would Inwe been rewarded by a commitment for contempt by the Judge; and that the evidence of such a man on oath Avould not Aveigh a fraction in the estimation of respectable witnesses." Such was the Rev. Priest Conway, as portrayed by the Judge, and yet, when this fomenter of sedition, this forsworn Aiolator of the laAv, this preacher of strife and ciu-ses died, the Archbishop of Tuam, whose political agent he Avas for the good of the Ohmch, pronounces him a " good Priest," says mass for the repose of his soul, and gives him a safe viaticum — to purgatory 1 This is a splendid proof that Popery is a religion of land, money, and priestly aggrandisement. t is not often that Ave are privileged to see a Priest's sermon, but as often as it happens we like to examine the sort of pabulum which Apostolic successors supply to their people in comparison Avith that which the heretics give to their flocks. It is a good way of testing the spiiituality of a teacher, and of the people to Avhom he minister's, to examine the intellectual and Christian food provided on a Sunday. When we have had the chance to examine this, Awe have ahvays found that the " ser mon " was of such material that siriritual life, according to the Scriptures, could not be aAvakened or maintained by it. A moral essay, sometimes ; a false disquisition and misapplication of some text, in support of some rite of the Church wliich has not the slightest countenance in Scripture, some times ; an adch'ess on some pastoral of the Archbishop or on some communication from the Pope, sometimes ; but more often a political harangue on some election about to take place, on some schbol about to be established, on the cWty of jra- rents to re move their cMldren from the P'ublic School near by, or on some movement of some kind or other in the neighbourhood. Of course all this is very " apostolical." It is exactly like the preaching of Peter. It is exactly the kind of lessons found in Scrip ture. And a people fed on such Gospel food Avill, of course, be a highly intellectual and Christian people — just like the congre gations to which Priests usually minister ! Our privilege Avas rencAved last Aveek irr seeing the sermon of Priest Dillon, of Cockatoo notoriety, preached at Camden on the first of tlris month. What Avas it about ? What was the text ? Wiry, the Bible Avas dispensed Avith, for there AVas iro text taheti out of it. Arrd it Avas about — the projected operring of an Orange Lodge irr the peaceful village of Camden ! The Priest had heard that a lodge Avas to be opened, and for'th- Avith he coirceived it to be his duty to take care of the sheep, as the Avolf Avas coming ! He accordingly began to lament to them that whereas all people in Camden had been living at peace, and he had received the respect of all classes, that blessed state of things was about to end, for an Orairge lodge was going to be set up. He then told his flock that the Orangemen Avere very Avicked men, that they did not like the Church, that they Avere especially fond of the lambs of the Church, and that tlieir purpose Avas to devoiu' a few of them ! He then said that the Orangemen were very disloyal men, because while the Queen at present reigning was the best Queen Avho had ever sat upon the throne, she would never have got to the throne had the Orangemen had their way of things, as they had tried to interrupt the succession ! Although he himself might have once re fused to drink to the health of the Queen, or to take off his hat diu'ing the singurg of the National Anthem, or have uttered seditious expressions at Cockatoo, he Avas alarmed at the prospect of disloyal Orange men coming iri Camden, because their forefathers once thought of changing the succession,- and so depriving the country of our most gr-acious and beloved Queen ! And so the Priest warned his people to keep quiet — not to make any disturbarrce — not to go to the lodge with sticks to break it up — not to revenge the insult to thei Church— not to take any notice of the lodge— not eveir to name it, or to let on that they knew of its existence — irot to go near it — not to sjreak to any belonging to it — and, said he, " for the love of God, I beseech you to go oirt of the Adllage on the occasion of the lodge being set up, because you may be quite sure that no respectable person Avill join it !" Such is the substance of the Priest's sermon. It is a curiosity. It has a remarkable likeness to the speech of the wolf to the lamb when they came to a river to drink. If the Roman Catholic people, who were thus lectured, were not edified, they ought to have felt insulted. If the Priest thought proper to preach about the Orange Lodge; were they incapable of judging its prin ciples and object ? Must they run out of the village like children from ghosts ! The priestly dodge of painting Orangemen as niggers, Avith tails and horns, is surely orrt of date. But it is hard for Priests to get beyond their training ; and how can they give to their people what is not in them — truth ? The Roman Catholics of Camden do not need to be alarmed becarise an Orange Lodge is to be established irr their Aullage. The lodge will not harm thenn ; the only one Avhom it is likely to harm is the Priest, and that is the reason of his alarm ; and it is amusiirg to study Father Dillon's alarm, beseeching his people for the "love of God" not to touch the Orangemen, and even to leave the village while the Orangemen are forming their lodge ! It is as 3" the Priest was conscious that his teaching is so unreasonable, and seditious, and unchristian, that his people, after mass, cannot be trusted to witness heretics enjoying their liber-ty ! This is the insult to the " Catholics," rrot Orange- ism. "No room in the Infirmary." This is made the subject of an important notifica tion in the Government Gassette and special arrangements are made for the convenience of the poor people who cannot be at once accommodated. And Avhile there is this acknoAvledged want of room irr the Infirm ary for poor patients, there are lying in the bank nearly £20,000 for the building of a Memorial Hospital ! It is marvellous that the public stand by aird Avitness this state of things without indignation and rebuke. Certairr gentlemen have the control of this large sum of money subscribed by the public, and they wiU not proceed to expend it in the erection of a large and suitable Hospital because they have some personal objects it view ! ' Squabbles innumerable haA'e been raised about this uirdertaking. And while the gentlemen have their OAvn favourite reasons to serA'e, the public are . put to inconvenience so great that the Government are acknoAvledging their diffi culty of meeting the necessity of patients. We have sought over and over again to rouse tlie dormant energies of the Com mittee of the Alfred Memorial Hospital ; but they appear to be worse than dormant. On behalf , of the suffering public Aye call the Committee to give an account of their unreasonable delay. If they have not time or public spir'it enough to go on Avitli' their work, let them retii-e and give jrlace to others Avho will go on. We trust, some member of the Committee Avill free him self by exposing the rest. Mb. Butlee is very angry with Captain Scott for appealing to Orangemen and Orange bodies to giA'le aid to the Protestant Female Training School. As tlie establish ment of that Institution -was denounced by faithful reeniaw as an "insult'' to the 'I Irish girls " who have hitherto moiropo- lized the dolnain of domestic service; as " kitchen Protestantism " was reprobated as something specially reflecting on Capt. Scott, it Avas to be supposed that Freeman would take- opportunity to attack the Captain and his Institution as often as qjossible. There is this 2jrdgre.ss iir iree- nwuls last attack : the Cajitaiir only in sulted Irish girls in establishing the Female Training School ; he only .showed his "imbecility" in trying to p)ropagate " kitchen Protestantism ;" but now Mr. Butler brings his legal lore to bear on the matter, and he gives his official Opinion that irr dealing Avith "kitchen Protes tantism, and insulting Irish girls," the Captain has forfeited Iris right to his posi tion as Police Magistrate, aird to his salary as such ! He canrrot be horrest on the bench, he canrrot ' be honest irr his C lambers bqjause he has called Orangemen to ail in the support of a Protestant Femae Training School ! Talk about bigotry arid impudence after this ! We £63 in this jhow the Buthr. would enter ths kitchen and play the mischief with the 1 girls there, if only they were permitted ! Butlers usually have a comrection with, the kitchen. If they don't themselves cOok, they are usually vei-y officious in looking after the cooks. Is it notnatural, therefore, that Irish Butlers and Fenian Butlers should be jealous about their reli gion in the kitchen. Surely Catholic Butlers will object to kitchen Protestant ism, and jrlead for Irish girls to have charge of the pots and potatoes. You see if the "kitchen" Avere to become charged with Protestantism, Catholic Butlera would staird a bad chaarce of getting fish oh Fridays instead of steaks, and eggs and butter, with porter and gi-avyless puddings on fast-days, instead of muttoir ; and "religion," in the estimation of Irish Butlers, consists largely in fish, arrd eggs, and cold collations of cheese, and bread, arrd Avhiskey, it is of A'ital consequence that the " kitchens" of the jjublic should be kept clear from the Protestantism and the Protestant girls of Capt. Scott ! Thus the Avhole secret is revealed ; and henee the mad I'aid arrd foaming of Freenum against the Protestant Training School. The girls from that school will be bad enough in the kitchen were their training jraid for by " liberal Protestants birt, alack ! what hope Avould there be for "Butlers" m the kitcherr if those gMs AA'ere trairred by "Orange money?" The coloiu- of the guineas would be seen in ever-ything. Every fish, or pudding, or egg, would be Orange in colour and flavour, and if the whiskey would no longer haA'e the charm ing taste of the real poieen, it Avould haAie the flavour of orange- skins ! If Ave coidd be serious on this subject, we should com fort Capt. Scott and his girls ; for AvhiJe Freeman is denouncing " kitchen Protes tantism" as an insult to Irish girls, at St. Mary's, and at all the other establish ments where the kitchen is the best room in the house, the Butlers take care that there shall be kitchen Romanism. Is this an iirsult to Protestant girls? ; As a means of meeting temporarily an existing evil the " ilagged Schools " maybe pronounced a good; but as dealing Avith that evil our opinion is that they are a mistake. In countries like Englajid the eril may have gioAvn to such an ex tent that it cannot be uprooted, it can only be modified ; but in this country the case is differ ent. How comes it that here there is any need for a Ilagged School? Whatever the evil is which causes it, it cannot get be beyond conti-ol ; and therefore it seems to us that if those benevolent people Avho give their time and their money to pick up ragged cliildren and fom them into Ilagged Schools would search out the evil cause and extii'pate thai, their efforts would be far more exemplary and successful than by simply accepting the results Avhich follow from that evil and trying to modify them. It appears that, those gentlemen intend to make Ilagged Schools per- ma,nent. They eimn propose, on the plan -of imitating England, to have ragged babies' schools ! In this new country, therefore, ragged boys and girls and ragged babies are to be accepted as inevitable, and schools are to be built for them, and the State in due time is to be .applied to -to help them, as standing in the place of the parents of those: children. But this ought not to be. Drink is the grand cause of rags ; but di-ink Avill never, be effectually suppressed until the Govern ment of - the coxintry be brought to a sense of-.-its duty. Wretched dwellings are .another cause of rags ; but Avith this also the Legisl.ature .and the Civic Council have power to deal in some effec tual w.ay. Innnoralitji is another cause of rags ; but what more poAverful, next to true religion, in making. peoide cleanly and jndustrioAis as, work? Provide employnent ; eng.age the thoughts .and , time of people in useful work, and the energies which run into immorality and vice AviU; vbe expended in industry and domestic duties, fiord here, Ave think, our philanthropists err..; In England, Avhere Labour may be said to have ex hausted its resources, Avhere it is badly p.aid, Avhore there are thousands upon thousands left to live by their Avits, Ilagged Schools for youth aird b,abies m.ay be regarded as a necessity for a nor mal state of things ; but it is absurd and injurious to .accept this state of things in this colony. There ought to be no Pv.agged Scliools here, and if cert.ain things Avere attended to there AV0uld .be none. Our pleading is not for Ragged Schools, however much, as a temporary necessity, they deserve support, but for the things which ayill render Ragged Schools unneessaiy. And Ave maintain that while there is a A'ery clear work before the Le'gislature.and CiA'ic Council, there- is one Avhich our ijhilanthropists and public men of weth ought to undert.ake, and that, is the establishment of different kinds of indnstries for the emidoyment of the poor, and especially for the employment of the young of the iJoor. This want of true patriotism among our publie ineh is A'eiy manifest. They will give .an umu.al sub scription, or a few hours' time to support a R.agged School ? but why will they not unite and give money to help the poor to raise themsefi'es ? Two instances occur. ' The paper mill at LiA'er- pool employed about one hundred people, young and old. It failed for AA'ant of support. Imme diately there was need for a Ilagged School at Liverpool! Yet public spirit Avas so scarce that not until lately did a Comp.any rise to start the industry again. When in full operation, and if sup- jjorted as it ought to be, we are certain a Ragged School in Liverpool tcotihl be closed fw want -of scholars. Does not this prove something ? Then, again, there used to be a tweed manuf.actory dn Sussex-street. About a hundred people, young .and old, found employment there ; but it was destroyed by fire. Those hundred people were cast upon the world, and immediately, some, of them needed the aid of the Seneyolent Asylum, urd-s -me of the children became the very object 8 of the Ragged School. Yet our public men, > bur mohoyed men,' could not be induced to undertake the establishment of the factory again. It yas a paying concern. It bad the promise of wide public support. Yet our philanthropists would rather give an annual subscription to pick up a few "ragged babies" than expend their patriot ism in providing employment for the parents of the raggedfb.abies. We are cpiitc sure that if this industry Avcre tmdertaken again, and extended fifty-fold, as it might be, the Sussex-street K.igged School Avould lose several of its scholars, and some of the charitable asylums Avould be relieved of some of their patients. Extend this argument. Apply it to the establishment of iigav industries, and the mere creation of Avork Avill do more to extinguish poverty, filth, immorality, and rags than fifty schools and all their charities. It is said that the rags, filth, squalor, immorality and poverty Avhieh prcA'ail in our city arc a ' disgi-aee to our Christianity." We say, not so ; but they are a reproach to our pride, selfishness, and want of patriotism; and they are the unansAVcrable proof of pur hypocrisy Avhen aa'c pretend to be the diseijiles of Christ. Imagine Christ hoarding miUious and establishing Eagged Schools ! We are glad to be able to state noAV to our friends that the difficulty Avliieh has hitherto stood in the way of the speedy disposal of shares in the projected Protestant ' Hall is at length , removed, and that all scrip-holders under the fsrmer plan Avill noAV be accounted scriii-holders under- tlrencAV to the extent of the deposits Avhieh they haA'e paid. We are therefore requested to intimate that CA'cry iierson Avho previously qiaid two shillings and sixpence deposit per share under the former scheme Avill be alloAved that amount as jiart deposit xier share under the pre- . sent company. fWe trust that eA-ery scrip-holder win avail himself of this A-ery just and equitable arrangement. If application be immediately made, and the remainder of deposit per share be paid, we have no doubt that steps Avill be taken Ireforelong to secirre ground and commence the work. We are exceedingly arrxious that no fur- fcher time be lost. AVe- trust that all true-hearted Protestants Avill giA'c their help. . Orange lodges which intend to become shareholders should decide at once, and foi-Avard their first irayments. We are most sanguine that as noAV every difli- cult' is out of the Avay, and aU money formerly paid AviU be held good, the Company Avill be able to give ad early account of their Avork. We are sure of this, that until there be a convenient HaU and. other offices the Protestant interest in the city, the head-quarters of the moA'cment which has Avrought such changes in the country, will bo Avithout proper organization and cohesion. But when our Protestant Hall, Avorthy of our name and- strength, is erected, and the classes and agencies set agoing of which Dr; McGibbon Ljis so often sj)oken, Avhat has been begun will be deA'eloped . and strengthened a thoAisand .. fold. We appeal to all Avho have a desire togiA'e om- conmion Protestantism a "local habitation and a name "of a much more substantial kind than heretofore to act promptly, that before the : expiry of the present year the Company may be foimed, Jind every xueparation made for the erection of the building. The Soip.ee at eivndavick. — The meeting at BandAvick on Wednesday evening Avas most en couraging. The cheerfid schoolroom Avas filled to overfloAving Avith an audience earnest and enthusiastic. It Avas re.ally wonderful to see the strength of the lodge in this compai-ativelj' small place, and the synqjathy of outsiders Avith the compact body of Orangemen. Like eA'erything at EandAA'ick, things done Avei-e done efiiciently. It is not every suburb that could bring together the speakers, the reciters, and the musicians which were draAm to this beaAitiful sjjot under Orange auspices. The deep blue of the ocean, which is such a conspicuous part of the scenery, suggests well the kindred colour on the orange sash. WhateA'er the cause, there are few xdaces where the Protestant sxnrit is more AngoroAis than in the beautifAil suburb — EandAvick. The Ppovinciae Synod of the Church of England. — This Synod has been in session since Tuesday. Being only composed of rexn-esentatiA'cs from the dioceses of New South Wales aa'hich IiaA'e diocesan synods, and only three of these liaAdng yet iJroAdded themselves Avith those luxu ries, the " Uj)X)er House " is only comjposed of three Bishops, and the LoAver House representing so limited a portion of the Church, loses consider ation before the expected general synod, Avhere ten prelates Avill sit and representatives of every Australian diocese. It is not at all jtrobable ihat' the debates in either Avill prove as interest ing as those of the Sydney diocesan synod. Nor wiU anything passed by those be binding unless xatiiled by this. But there are certain matters, such as a coiu-t of appeal from the decision of a local Church tribunal, a court to try bishops, an ordinance for the election of bishops by the . colonial dioceses, &c.;, Avhich necessarily call for a joint deliberation, so that all shall unite in the same mode of action. This, ho doubt, Avill be secured. Sir Hercules Eomnson and the Eace- course. — Even sees the absurdity of the remarks of Sir Hercules respecting the turf. Sir Hercules might do worse than put himself to ; the test proposed. Two bookmakers are repre sented as applauding the neAv Governor as a 'brick," and concluding from his Avords that they and their Avives and daughters Avill be in- Afited to Government House. If "the true policy of persons of influence and position is not to turn their back on the racecourse, but to give it the benefit of theii- presence and support ; to try and elevate it by making the coiu se a place to which to take theii- wives and daughters," surely it may be expected, in reciprocity, that the persons of influence and respectability will Ining the people of the course among their ' wives and daughters at home. Let them try it. Sir Hercules has, however, allowed to escape Itim the damaging admission that the course very much required to be " elevated " — in other . words that it is very low, and that at least at present it is not a place sufficiently respectable |» receive Avithout loss of delicacy their wives jind daughters. Good, Sir Hercules ; for you \- know well the character of the persona Avhom i they must jostle there. Good ! but being such aplacei,' why should the Governor patronize it ? « Eees and Priests : the Kick and the Boob.— We refer our readers to a letter in this issue, signed J. C., giving two significant facts — peihaps they may meet Mr. Garavel's eve, and that of the Ai-chbishoi). There is another which \vo believe many of those interested in the case of Mrs. Richfirdson, perhaps Mr. GaraA-el himself, are aAvaro of; it is that of a poor Avomaii Avhose husband died at -. The Xiriest Avas sent, for more than once, and could not find time to come. Some Protestant neighbours . contributed to bear the expenses of burial. One pound remained after these exj)cnses AA'cre j)aid, and this pound the iiriest came to demand for masses for the dead man's soul ! We liaA'c the names .and xiarticulars of this instance. There is a A'ast difl'erence betAveen the rich and the poor, and none make so much of the distinction as the xiriests of Rome. Fire and Burglar Proof Test. — The most severe test to Avhich any colonial fire-xiroof depositary has yet been subjected Avas made in Belmore Gardens yesterday afternoon Upon one . of Mr. Thomas Wearne's Australian fire xu'pof safes; Mr. Wearne had imflted the attendance of numerous members of the Legislatvre, of the Mayor .and Aldermen of the city, together Avith the Colonial Storekeexier, Mr. L. J. Brennand, to rexjresent the Government, the heads of most of our leading mercantile houses, by circular, and also adA'ertised that the test Avouid be made for the satisfaction of the xmblic in general. As the manufacture of these A'ery A'alu.able articles is as yet but a ueAV branch of colonial industry fos tered iufo existence by Mr. Wdi'Ru's energy and perseA'crance, the present test ' Av'as rendered almost necessary to restore that confidence in the safes manufactui-ed by Mi-. Wearne Avhich had had been somcAvhat- sh.aken bj' the inexxdicable destruction of the xiapers xdaced in a saie made by him and xmt through a so-called competitive test on Saturday, the 9th mstant. Th.at the papers Avere destroyed Av.as a fact ; but the man ner of their destruction remains unknoAi'u. That tlie safe itself Avas not to blame Mr. Wem-ne felt so confident that he determined iqion the test of Avhich Ave are liOAV speaking. The safe used on this occasion had been made foruxiAvardsof three months, and Avas 26 inches by 20 in size. The fire Avas so arrjinged that the utmost Imat that could be obtained from about thi-ee tons of billet wood was brought to bear uxion it for the full sxi.ace of tAvo hours, Avith a brisk. Aviud bloAving the larget body of heat and flame upon the door of the s.afe. It contained the daily xiaxiers, a letter from the Government .asking an exxilana- tion of the Late test, another letter from the C'om- Xiany AA'hose safe AA'as then used, demanding the retuni of the money paid for it, and sundry :other documents, all of which . .laced in an ordin.ai-y manner Avithin, the s.afe in the presence of the gentlemen oh the gi-ound,' the door locked by Mr. Wearne, the ' fire Tighted in five dift'erent places,, and the dur.ation -of the time of burning, left -to the qdeasure .of )the gentlemen XR'esont. After the safe had .been subjected to this terrific heat, Avhich,, it should be remembered, isfar gi-e.ater than buy oi-dinary or even extriiordinary fire is likely to exercise upon any safe m a building, Mr. Brennand desired Mr. Charles Bown to xmt out the . fire, and that gentleman ordered steam to be got ux) ui the company's beautiful engme, aiid in a short time such a stream of water Avas' thrown upon the safe and fire as ; speedily rendered' it possible: to get at. the. safe. The intense heat had affected the lock in a manner to preA-eht.the turning of the key, and it took about ,a quarter of an hour to reihoA'O the' bolts, in ' order to get at the contents of' 'the s.afe, Avliicli were then found to be; as jpcj/cclr as ay/ten pbiced in the safe, and free from even Hie smell of fre. The letters referred to seemed to be sxiecLolly xnesei-ved, ,for they Avere hot eveh daihxi, AvhUesome fcAv of the others Avere. On the result becoming ImoAvn, cheers Avere given for Mr. Wearne, AidioAvas most Avarmly congi-atulated by those gentlemen Avho Avitiiessed the triumxihant success of this most indisxmtable proof of the security .against fire afforded by the' Australian safe. Among the gentlemen xireseut were the M.ayor and Alder men of Sydney, the Inspector-Gener.al of Police, Capt. McLerie, Mr. J., Hurley, M.L.A., Mr. Joseph Wearne, M.L. A., the IIcal Mr. Chaxi-, man, the Rca'. R. Sellers, Mr. J. Raphael, M.L.A., Mr. J. Brennand, the Manager of the Sydney Meat Presei-A'ing Comxiany, Mr. Dan. O'Connor, Mr. O'Neill, Mr. W. C. Wearne, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Joubert, hli-. John DaA'is, Mr. Antiobua (Manager Commercial Bank, Hay- market),. Mr. Mills, Mr. James Vickery, Mr. LeAvis, .and a great many other influential gentlemen. Mr. Charles Boavd, under Avhose able management the fire Avas directed, also placed in the safe his aimual report to the Insurance Companies, and received it intact from the safe after the test, and xn-omised to make that f.act knovra by completing his rexiort on the fly leaf thereof. All present expressed themselves as thoroughly satisfied that Mr. Thomas Wearne's Australian Safes tire un doubtedly both fire and burglar proof, and heartily wished him success in the prosecution of his constantly increasing manufacture of them. Letters of apology Avere received for the absence of Ml-. G. Russell and a few other gentlemen who were unable to be present. 