CHURCH MISSIONS. A public meeting was held in St. James's Schoolroom, on Tuesday evening, at which addresses were delivered on the subject of missions to the aborigines of Australia, the Chinese, the Melane sians, and to the heathen generally. The chair was occupied by tbe Bishop of Sydney, who was supported on the platform by the Bishop of Adelaide, the Bishop of Melbourne, the Bishop of Perth, the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, the Bishop of Bris bane, the Bishop of Goulburn, the Bishop of Tasmania, the Bishop of Newcastle, and the Bev. Canon Vidal. The schoolroom was crowded. After prayer, tbe congregation sang Hebcr's missionary hymn, 41 'Frrim ftraenlaTiri'a Trw Vnnntn:ne » Mr. Pnrlpir nt. Hi p organ. TteCHAiEMAN briefly explained the objects of the meeting, which were to promote a missionary spirit amongst the people, and to form the last and crowning act of the proceedings of the General Synod of the Church of England, which had that evening completed it6 labours. The Bishop of Adelaide eaid his «bject was to explain to the meeting the state of the aborigines of South Australia at the time he arrived in the colony, the feeling of the colonists towards them, the efforts which had been made to civilize them, and what had been the results of twenty-five years of such efforts. On landing in South Australia, at the close of 1847, the then Governor invited him to his house, and on the following Sunday he took him to the aborigines school, which had been established near to Government House. In that school young native boys and. girls were educated ; and colonists who were interested in the conversion of the aborigines attended the school on 8undays as teachers. The Governor manifested his interest in the welfare ef the children at the schsol by visiting them every Sunday afternoon. It was to him (the Bishop) a source of great happiness to know that those poor people were not only being protected by Government, but were being taught the gospel of Jesus Christ. He did not say that those efforts were the wisest or the most effectual that could have been adopted. Still it was an evidence of kindly Christian feeling on the put of the colonists; and he hailed the country of bis adoption as deserving of his regard'on that ac count. Besides the operations of the school, on Queen's Birthday year there waB a general distribution of blankets and other things to the aborigines. On such occasions, the aborigines assembled in great numbers, but he questioned whether such assemblages were productive of good, owing to the contact of the aborigines with the lowest class of the white population, who congregated to witness their corroborees, and from their being frequently and surreptitiously supplied with intoxi catjjBg drinks. There was one great drawback in connection ?with the school. When the children arrived at a certain age, some of the most hopeful of them both boys and girls were or forced away by elders of the tribes, to take their places m tribal society. He did not think the colonists generally treated tne aborigines with unkindness. On every station he visited tie found one or more natives employed, and they were 8*®fally favourites with those who employed them. But not withstanding the teaching they received, they were sure, sooner 40 ma^e their way into the bush again, and rejoin their ifi™8' ,9° one occasion, a settler, having occasionally °* bis rations, retaliated by setting a Th « °* poisoned flour within their reach. nn'«i Jfv *as slo'eni a whole family of aboriginals was soisoned by it. Public feeling, however, was bo strong against that settler that he was sent out of the country. At Port Lincoln there was at the present time a missionary station or village called Poonindie. There were buildings for the married portion of the aborigines and for the unmarried; there was a school room, a ehapel, a mission-house, an overseer's house. The aborigines are occupied with various kinds of employment, some of the young men being able to plough with great ability. On one occasion the Governor visited the village, and witnessed the devotion of the coloured people. One of the men who were pre sent, a half-caste, actually gave up shearing, en a station thirty miles_ distant from Port Lincoln, in . order to be present on the occasion of the Governor's visit, and to join in the communion to be publicly celebrated on the following Sunday. ? On that morning, there were, he believed, nineteen or twenty aborigines at the Lord's table. Bo that it would be seen that the efforts which had been put forth for twenty-five years, had not been altogether unavailing. The Bishop of Perth said that he should go back a few steps in the narrative of the previous speaker and inform the meeting how that institution of which the Bishop oi Adelaide had spoken— Poonindie — had commenced. He had arrived in South Australia at the same time as his dew brother, the BiEhop of Adelaide; they had come in the same ship in 1818. There was at that time a school for the religious training of the natives, which was indeed a very excellent institution of its kind, but was open to the bush natives who interferred with the working and compelled the inmates to absent themselves — though not in all cases perman ently, for many of them, especially the younger ones, returned. At the time of the urival of himself and the Bishop of Adelaide it was stated by the Protector of Aborigines that three 'sets' of the natives had gene away from the school and been lost to civilization. This struck him and his right rev. brother as being a deplorable state of things and one which ought to be removed without delay. They felt, however, that all training bestowed upon the natives would be thrown away if they were permitted to return to the bush ; and the attempt was therefore made te found a school, not only for the young to learn, but where adults could be brought together in mutual fellowship. It was thus that Poonindie was fonnded. The site chosen was 200 miles by sea from Port Adelaide, the position being extremely favourable in every respect. He went there as the first missionary superintendent, and remained from 1851 until 1856, during which time the number of the inmates grew from tbe eleven he had taken down with him to upwards of sixty. (Applause.) A great principle npon which he had actcd in carrying out the work was, that he had commenced with young people who were taught to read English with tolerable fluency, and in a good many instances also write it. They were subjected to the rules and regulations framed for car rying out the operations of the school, and were strictly com pelled to conform to them. He had allowed no goings in and out among the bush natives. The inmates had, however, leave of absencc from time to time and generally availed themselves of it to ga to Adelaide where they had spent their time in rational rccreation. In other kindred institutions it had been the aim of the missionaries to teach the Hatives; hut there had been no attempt to keep them in bonds and within the influences of civilized life. Consequently all that had been done for them one week was undone the next when they went away into tbe bush. The Bishop of Adelaide had told the meeting enough to show how impossible it must be for any native to be civilized in his mind while subject to the influence of the depravities ef native life, the corroborees, &c.; It was his (the speaker's) firm conviction, and it had been so for upwards of twenty years that, whatever is to be done amongst the natives of these colonies must be done while they are young, by keeping them under re strictions and preventing them from roaming about with other natives. When this institution was established there had been huts provided for tbe accommodation of the inmates, and the promoters had lived, and live still, to hear them join earnestly in the praises of Almighty God ; in a domesticated condition, and fulfilling, at least, a very large proportion of the requirements of civilized humanity. There nad been many occasions for saying that it was impossible to ameliorate the condition of the natives ; and he would state what he believed to be the reason of such as sertions. People had taken to native children and made pets of them, but had not considered that those children would arrive at lastat an age when they would want companionship. Whilst they were children they were petted, and felt no want of companion ship, but when they grew up, Europeans would not treat them upon equal terms. So that these young persons felt isolated and cut off from their kind ; and it was natural that they should go and seek for companionship where they could find it. That was the foundation of the assertion so often made, that it was useless to withdraw the natives from barbarism, as they would re turn to their bush. But his experience of Poonindie during twenty years had shown that they would not go back to their bush when they had companionship provided for them ; for no persons could more appreciate the blessings of civilization than they. To give an idea of the real value of such an institution as that to which he had referred, he should tell them of instances in which natives in sickness and in the hour of approaching 'death had shown a knowledge of faith in Almighty God which had sustained them under all afflictions. Surely there could be no better proof of Christianity than that manifestation of patience, fortitude, and ardent hope of a better life displayed when a human being knows that he is departing this life. He could assure the meeting that he had never, in the exercise of his sacred office, attended the beds of sick and dying persons with more satisfaction in the deep faithfulness displayed in the trust in God and the hope for the blessings promised by our Saviour than when he had stood by tbe deathbed of these poor natives. Their constitutions were not equal to those of Europeans ; they were exposed to intense heat in the day and biting cold at night without adequate covering ; and when sickness assailed them it was sure in time to settle upon their lungs. They had had several deaths in the institution. It was a great comfort to attend those natives when they were about to depart from this life. He trusted that the society just formed by their Synod wonld reuse a feeling in favour of doing more than had yet ever been done for the natives of these colonieB. When he first eame to Australia it had been his feeling that he could not live in this land without doing that which God permitted him in aid of the aboriginal inhabitants ; to bestow upon them the only gift they could offer in return for taking from tLem their territory. He trusted better times were in store for these poor people. (Applause.) The Bishop of Memourne said that he should narrate some of the experiences of the Victorian missions among the natives and Chinese. Twenty years ago the Moravians had founded a mis sion in Victoria under the sanction and concurrence of Governor Latrobe. It was established upon the banks of the Murray ; but after some time it was discontinued, and the senior missionary, taking with him the junior, returned to Europe. The Moravians, however, when they commenced a work generally felt a strong desire to carry it through. They therefore blamed the senior missionary for returning, aad sent back the junior with another to assist him. The mission was then placed in a different situation— on the Wimmera, where there were more aborigines ; and four or five square miles of land were given by the neighbouring settlers al the corners of their runs for the establishment. Some time after, one of the missionaries went away and founded a mission in Gipps Land, whicb was supported by the Presbyterian body. 8ome years ago their own Church founded a mission on the Murray, which was afterwards discontinued ; but was not without fruit, for there were there trained two young men, named respectively Shaw and Holden, the latter of whom was now in charge at Poonindie. There was also a station at Lake Conder and another in Gipps Land, both founded by the Anglican Church. Shaw was at the former, and another middle-aged man trained at the Murray station atGipps Land. In the colony of Victoria there was a Beardfor the protection of aborigines, and food and blankets were supplied to them from time to time. Their mission and the Moravian mission were allowed to act as agents for this board, and take eharge of settlements. There were two Government institutions in which instruction was given in the same method as that pursued in the Church missions, but he could not speak positively of them, though he could of the Church and Moravian stations. There were aboriginnlfamilieswhichhadbeen gathered in from the various tribes, living in houses which they had built for them selves with some assistance from the missionaries, with their little gardens around them ; married couples with their children. And he c«uld testify, not from his own personal experience, a6 had the Bishop of Perth, but *pon testimony on which he could certainly rely, that several natives at these missions had died in the spirit of Christ Jesus. One of the first converts at the Moravian station was now a teacher of his fellow-countrymen. And he (the speaker) could bear witness that all the four stations to which he had alluded presented as good examples of agricultural settlements as were to be found in Victoria. There was an appearance of domesticity, an atmosphere of 'home' about them; and in no former in stance had tribeB been known to live together. Adverting to the Chinese missions, there were many thousands of Chinese in Victoria. Before 1855, and shortly after the discovery of the gold-fields, he had applied for a catcchSl from China, and obtained one who laboured with them for some years, and not with«ut success. After that, he (the catcchist) de termined to return to China, where he was now an ordained clergyman. He was succeeded by other converted Chinese, who, however, also, one after another, went away. One disappointed them, and the mission came practically to an end. He then en deavoured to obtain missionaries from China, but without success ; though he had hoped to obtain an invalided missionary from Europe. There was a young man, a teacher in the Sunday school, whose heart was set upon the work; and, though not qualified to be a missionary, he went among the Chinese to learn the language. After a while the Mission Board determined to send him, in compliance with his own desire, to China; and he departed accordingly, but the ship in which he sailed was never afterwards heard of. How ever, they had a clergyman, a Mr. Stair, whose missionary spirit still survived, and who had come in contact with a Chinaman who had failed to learn the blessing of the Gospel. Mr. Stair got him to understand the truths of Christianity, and having satisfied himself that the Chinaman knew what he professed to teach, he was baptized, and he (the Bishop) confirmed that mm, He began to teach under Mr. Stair, and then in order that his labours might have a more extended sphere, he was removed to Sandhurst. There was another China man baptized, [as also a third under rather peculiar circumstances. He had arrived at Maryborough on 8unday with a shew, of which he was the owner, and upon applying to the police magistrate, a very excellent man, for permission to open it ; the latter told him that shows were not allowed on Sun days, and that it was sinful to exhibit shows on that day. «' jiut' added be, 'you do n«t know the true God, and are in nocent of blame.' The said that some one had told him in China of that day of rest. He west away. A year afterwards the Chinaman returned and asked for workj but upon being in formed that there was no need for his services, said tnat ne was not in want of work, but desired to go somewhere where he could learn what Christianity was. inis man and the other two that he (the Bishop) had mentioned were now missionaries, and each of them had received large blessings. He (the Bishop) had been permitted to confirm many Chinamen in whom he had as much confidence as in any of our own people. There was reason to hope that God s bless ing had reEted upon the Victorian missions to the Aborigines and Chinese ; and he trusted that those persons who had been under the impression that there were no missions to those races in Victoria would be convinced of their mistake. (Applause.) The Bishop of Bbmbane said he had to bring before the meet ing the objects and operations of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign parts, and to place before his hearers some of the claims of that society. It came before them in the first place as having been the oldest, and he believed for 100 years the only msisionary society of the reformed Church ofChnst. The formation of this society removed from the Church of England the reproach which otherwise might justly have been laid upon it. Whilst, in the selection of its missionaries, the society would exclude from its service nope whom the Church in her piety would admit, neither would she admit to her service any whom the Church in her wisdom would exclude. After referring briefly to the early history of the society, the rev. prelate spoke of its operations on the continent of America in the early part of the nineteenth century, and then pointed to some of the benefits which the society had conferred upon Australia. There were probably, he said, some persons in the room who remembered the time when Australia formed part of the unwieldy diocesc of Calcutta. In 1831, Mr. Broughton, who had been appointed to succeed Archdeacon Scott in the colony, went to England for the purpose of making known the spiritual destitution of the colony of New south Wales. The statements which Mr. Broughton then published, and especially those which he laid before the two great Church Societies excited general attention, and was soon followed by effectual assistance. In 1836 Archdeacon Broughton was raised to the Episcopate, and was selected as Bishop of Australia. And although that prelate, on his return to the colony was not accompanied by a single clergyman, the liberal grants of £3000 from the Bociety for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and £1000 from the 8ocietv for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, gave a stimulus to the members of the Church of England in Australia, and in one year £13,509— in money or lands — was provided for the extension of the Church in the dio cese of 6yriney. The visit of Bishop Broughton to England stimulated the people of England to missionary efforts. That prelate was the first to put before the members of the Church of England their duty, and to bring the importance of missionary enterprise home to the people of every parish. Previously there was no parochial association in England to aid the society, and about £27,000 was its annual income. But after the visit of Bishop Broughton, missionary meetings were held in every parish, and the income of the society was increased to about £100,000 a year. It was the appealof Bishop Broughton, backcd up by a book written by Sir William Burton, which led. to that remarkable improvement in the affairs of the society, which enabled it to increase the number of its missionaries and to extend its usefulness. And he hoped the time would come when the Churches of Australia would follow the example of the Churches at home as regarded the society of whose operations and claims he had spoken. The Bishop of Goulburn addressed the meeting respecting the Colonial and Continental Church Society. He thought it might with reason be asked how It came to pass that another society, having a similar territory to the one of which the Bishop of Brisbane had just spoken, should have sprung up. The answer to that question he would endeavour to give. The Colonial and Continental Church Society owed its birth to Australia. An Acting Governor of one of the Australian colonies was extremely anxious to obtain clergymen, and he applied to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Disappointed in the aiiswcr, the Governor then appealed to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel ; but they were unable to assist him. The Governor next turned with some hope to the Church Missionary Society, but again received a disappointing answer ; and he then resolved to make the case known to the members of the Church of England in London. The result was that in the year 1835 the Colonial Church Society was established to supply what the societies he had just named were unable to supply. At first, the new society was considered from a wrong point of view, and many members of the Church opposed it, as though it had originated from a feeling of opposition to the older Church Society. It lmgcred on for some time ; but it held its way, and was the instrument for doing a vast amount of good, not only in Australia but in other parts of the British dominions also, especially in Canada. He considered the conduct of that acting Governor was a lesson to us, whatever position we might occupy, to endeavour, as far as lay in our power, to obtain the administrations of the Gospel- for thoBC around us who were living in spiritual destitution. Another society was running parallel with the Colonial Church Society — that was the School Society. But about twenty-one years ago the two societies were amalgamated. The fugitive slave mission, and the mission to seamen who were found unin structed in various parts of the world, were also connected with it, and its operations became very extensive. The society was designed chiefly for white persons ; but, at the same time, the Bed Indian, the Negro, and other coloured persons, were objects of its missionary charity, and it had been- made a blessing to people of many races. A very interesting circumstance occurred in connection with it about the year 1851, soon after he (the Bishop) became connccted with it. He received a letter in London, from a physician in Dublin, enclosing a scrap of paper drawn up by a dying person, who bequeathed his lease of a chapel in Berne, in Switzerland. In consequence of that he visited Switzerland, and the chaplaincy was transferred to the local authorities at Berne ; and from that time forward, chaplaincy after chaplaincy was added, until the Society had now ninety-three places on the Continent of Europe, where English clergymen were found preaching the Gospel to upwards 20U,000 persons visiting the Continent, or living there. The society had proved a blessing to the British-speaking public on the Continent, and he commended it to the prayers and interests of his hearers, not as being opposition to another[society, but in helping it in the work to which God had called both. Bev. Canon Vidal had been asked, as one of the secretaries to the Melanesian Mission, to give an account of it ; but could not hope to interest his hearers so much as previous speakers, inasmuch as circumstances had made that Mission more generally known than either of the others touched npon. It had been founded by Bishop Selwyn who left Sydney for Auckland in 1812. The occasion had been deemed a deeply interesting one at that time ; and after the fare well service at St. James's Church there had been a crowded meeting in St. James's Grammar School at that time— now called the Church Society's Rooms. It was a solemn scene. Bishop Broughton read the farewell address, and added a few impressive words which none of his hearers ever forgot. When he came towards the end of his address he became sensibly affected; so much so as scarcely to be able to speak. 'Bishop Selwyn, ' said he, ' I will strive to repress my emotions while I bestew upon you my blessing.' Bishop Selwyn then knelt and received it. There were few now present who had witnessed that scene ; but those who had been there must be impressed with feelings of the deepest gratitude that they had been privileged to be present. As soon as circumstances permitted Bishop Selwyn had visited the islands to the N. W. of Australia, the New Hebrides, and Solomon's Archipelago. The chief difficulty experienced was that the diversity of language in the different islands was so great that, as Bishop Patteson said, on scarcely two of them was the same tongue conversed in. But there was Eome encouragement in their disposition to improve the mental faculty. Bishep Patteson, in his memorandum to the General Synod of New Zealand, had observed, ' People speak and write inconsiderately about the teaching of the natives of these islands. I have experienced no instance of the kind during fourteen years' intercourse with them ; and I can fairly claim to be believed when I eay, that if the Melanesian native is treated kindly he will respect it.' Bishop Patteson had also, in reference to the reasoning powers of the islanders, told an anecdote of one of bis own scholars, to whom he had been endeavouring to explain the eternal attributes of the Deity. The boy said, ' You say God is a King ; yflu say a king is a person who has authority over otliers. If God is eternal, He was before all things, sun, moon, stars ; then how could He be King when He had nobody to rule over ? ' BishopPatteson had asked, ' Is not that boy capable of learning anything Ijgan teach him ? ' Bishop Selwyn had seen all this from the very first; he saw a fair field stretched out before him ready for the harvest. It was given to him, however, even at that early time to exercise tbe intuition for which he was so remarkable. He saw at ence that he must depend entirely upon the natives themselves to raise up. somehow or other, a native ministry. His wishes in this respect had prospered beyond expectation, and he (the speaker) perceived from letters he had received, that the present survivors were determined to cany on the work in the spirit in which it had been founded by Bishop Selwyn, and followed out by Bishop Patteson. He (the speaker) commended the Mela nesian misson to the prayers of the Christian community. He trusted that the spirit of Christian heroism had taken root amongst us ; and that strenuous efforts for the redemption of Melanesia wonld be made. (Cheers. 1 The Bishop of Sydney addressed the meeting on the progress of the Chuich Missionary Society in regard to their labours in India and Japan. That society was as old as the century ; it had £165,000 in its coffers, and it numbered two or three hundred European missionaries ; the nnmber, with native labourers, being nearly four hundred, all engaged in the work of Christian mis sions. Sir William Denison had written to him shortly after his arrival in Madras, to the effect that he had been somewhat eoep tical as to the work in India ; ' but,' added he, ' I cannot resist I the evidence of rfjsown senses. I have seen fourteen or fifteen ardent native clergymen carrying on work with as much assiduity, perseverance, and success as I have ever witnessed in any village at home.' The like testimony was given by Lord Napier; while it was evident, from what had taken place, in Calcutta and Western India that the diffusive character of Christianity was felt in quarters where it was little suspected. The same might be said of Northern India. The Church Missionary Society was now addressed to the higher classes. There had been two letters published in the S. If. Herald as to the heathenism in India, having been addressed by two Hindoo students at the Inns of Court, Lvndon, in reply to observations of the Archbishop of Canterbury on heathenism. Now the tone o those .two letters was exceedingly depressing, though they dis played great aouteness and smartness of repartee. But one could not help reflecting upon what would be the fate of India if left to the government of men imbued with principles like these, and with a religion founded npon the views of such men aB Huxley, Tindall, and Darwin. These men were but specimens of the young Hindoos, of whom many hundreds such were to be found in their native land. The right rev. speaker referred to the dreadful persecution undergone by a native missionary, whose wife and child were taken from him, and who had been subsequently decoyed into a house where he had suffered barbarous usage; several leading Brahmins having taken part in the proceeding. One ot the Masters of Art of Calcutta University had been seen participating prominently in the rites practised at a festival to a most impure and cruel heathen goddess. Such were the votaries of a heathen religion which professed universal toleration as one of its tenets. The Bev. Mr. French had now established an Indian college for th e training of men of high intellectual culture . Advert ing to Japan, where the Bev. Mr. Emser was a missionary, the latter had informed him that, in consequence of England having determined only to treat with one person, the country had been subjected to the sole rule of the Mikado, instead of that of two persons, who bad been able to shift responsibility from one to the other, and thus shuffle off any direct ' negotiations. This had put an end to the independent tribes, and pnt the country in a condition in which it could act as by one authority. Thus, many sur prising works had been carried on in the shape of tele graphs, public schools, &c.; The Church Missionary Society ha-t eBtered upon work with great vigour and enterprise, £160,000 per annum were spent by this one society; but it was felt that the salvation of human souls had been effected inetrumentally by it. If one soul were added to the Redeemer, one soul brought out from heathen darkness to the love of God, there was an ample recompense for the money expended and labour bestowed in. Africa, India, China, and Japan. Only a little might be done;, but, as in the case of India, there was the effect upon nationali ties. He trusted that missionary work would continue to pros* per and make progress. __ A collection was then made in aid of the Mission Society just: inaugurated, but which was without funds. The hymn 'Jesus shall reign where'er the sun' was then sung, after which the Primate pronounced a benediction, an& thus brought the meeting to a clese. On 26th ultimo the foundation stone of a church, at Lane Cove, to be called St. John tbe Evangelist's, was laid by Mrs. Francis Lord. The plan shows a neat Gothic building. At present only ihe nave will be constructed, at a cost of £250, to afford accommodation for about 100' pen-one, and the transepts and ohancel will be built at some future time when required. The material used will ba stone. The church will occupy a commanding site en tha' main road, ond on which a school-house was a short time ago burnt down. There was a liberal display of flags which contrasted well with the verdant aspect of the surrounding scenery. About £00 persons assembled to see the ceremony,, many having come from a distance, as was evident from the' number of vehicles that were on the ground. The Bev. Thomas Smith was amongst the visitors. The Bishops ofr Sydney and Perth were to have been present, but were un avoidably detained in Sydney. A hymn having bean sung,, the religious part of the ceremony was conducted by the Bev. W. C. Cave-Browne- Cave, M.A., and the Bev. A. B. Blaokett. Mrs. Lord, with a silver trowel, laid the- stone in tbe name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. A scroll containing the follow ing words was placed beneath the foundation stone:— ' To the glory of God, in the name of the blessed Trinity,, and in memory of the apostle and evangelist St. John. The foundation-stone of this church, in the parish of Gordon, ia the connty of Cumberland, in the diocese of Sydney, waa laid on October the 26th, in the year of our redemption. 1872, by Mrs. Francis Lord, in the presence of a large con course of Christian people. Frederic Barker, D.D., Lord. Bishop of Sydney; William Cecil Cave -Browne-Cave, M.A., incumbent of the parish ; Arthur Russell Blacket,,. B.A., curate of the parish ; John Brown, Henry Macintosh and Bobert Fymble, trustees; Bev. W. C. CiveBrowne Cave, chairman; Bev. A. B. Blacket, vice-chairman £ John Brown, William Hughes, Thomas Waterhouse,. James Fymble, Bobert Macintosh; Henry Wittingham, secretary — Building Committee; Edmund Thomas Blacket,. architect ; Eli Endioot, contractor for stonework.''' The Bev. Mr. Cave having offered prayer, briefly addressed, the assemblage. He eaid that an addresB was to have been given by tbe Bishop of the diocese ; who, however, in the* exercise of his functions as president of the Synod had been detained in Sydney. He knew that the Bishop was with them in heart, for he had taken a great deal of interest in this work. They were met to promote the honour of their Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. They sought his blessing,, and they believed they had his blessing ; in that in which they had engaged. And he was glad to find that they had upon the ground persons of other religious denominations, who, if they were not altogether with them, were sot against them. If they but remem bered in whose work they were engaged, and did their duty,, they might be sure that they would have God's blessing on their undertaking. A collection was then made, and tha assemblage adjourned to an adjoining structure, composed chiefly of the foliage of trees, to partake of tea. Tha' tables were tastefully arranged, and bountifully supplied with cake, fruits, &c.; After tea the oompany assembled, at the foundation-stone, and were addressed by tbe Bev. Mr. Cave. Taking a short retrospeot of Lane Cove, he reminded them of the early labours of tha Bev. Mr. Clarke and the minister of Byde. Many of them, wonld not fail to see an immense contrast between Lane Cove now and what it was twenty -five years ago. Tha- gathering together of so large an assemblage of respectable,, generous, and loving people, for the purpose that had. brought them together he regarded as a very goed augury for the future. With a people living in peace, and ever ready to help one another in their social, domestic, and religious concerns, there would be a still more marked improvement in Lane Cove during the next twenty-five years. So long as he should be there he would to the utmost endeavour to promote their welfare ; and he felt sure that he should have a worthy helper in the Bev. Mr. Blacket, who had been recently ordained to his solemn work. He wished particularly to eay that he was pleased to see thuge the members of other denominations besides their own. He was very glad of the support they had given by their presence. While they held their own distinctly as a church, while they would not csmpromise their principles in any one particular, they oould and did say from the bottom of their hearts, grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ. Let them all agree to differ. This was not at all impossible. The Bev. Thomas Smith, on being called upon, expressed great gratification at being; present, and was glad to find that the people of Lane Cove were not satisfied with their old building, and that they had determined to erect a church suited to their growing requirements. In eloquent terms he pointed out the great blessings that flowed to a oommunity, directly and in directly from the erection of churches, for the proolama* tion of the Gospel. Though sceptios sneered at the small result for the labour and money spent in the furtherance oC the Gospel ; what, he asked, would be the state of the community without them ? Christianity was the salt that leavened the whole lump ; and without it they oould only expect the development of Commuuistio principles. In view of the blessings conferred upon old and young, upon the rich and the poor, he urged in a forcible manner, the duty of all to render their aid in the building of tha church. A collection waB then made, and before the close of the proceedings, it was stated that £16 had been obtained dtuing the day. On Tuesday, the 29th October, the committee appointed to present, from the Presbytery of Sydney, an address to the Bev. Dr. Lang, in commemoration of his having attained the fiftieth year from his ordina tion as a minister of the Presbyterian Church, met in the schoolroom adjoining the Scots Church. Nearly the whole of the members of the oommittee were present. Mr% Bubertson, M.L.A., was called to the chair, on the motion of the Bev. Mr. Lowers. After a lengthy deliberation, it was resolved ' That a tea and public meeting be held on Thursday week, en the occasion of the presentation of an addrees to Dr. Lang.' Further resolutions were proposed, put to the meeting and carried, empowering the oommittee to have an address (already prepared) illuminated, and having reference to the renewed oo-operation of the oom mittee in a movement already en foot for die presentation of a suitable testimonial— irrespective of the address referred to— to the late minister of the Soots Churoh. A sub-committee was appointed to cany out the objects con tained in the resolutions arrived at, and the proceedings were closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Sub scriptions on account of the address and testimonial to Dr. Lang were oollected before the olose of the meeting. 