THE LIVERPOOL ROAD GHOST. , In the month of May, 1862, a pedlar was murdered at a certain part of the Liverpool road, near the junction of the Dogtrap and Sydney roads, to which point the body was dragged. The murderer has never been arrested, and numerous accidents have from time to time occurred at the precise spot where the mutilated remains of the pedlar wore discovered. It is a strange fact that not a few of the quietest horses in the district have taken fright at this spot, and in some instances serious accidents have been the result. We cannot undertake to give a list of the casualties which have been reported as occurring near the particular part of the road referred to, but their number is not small, and perhaps we may mention one or two notable instances. The Empire's Liverpool correspond- ent, writing on 28th April. 1871, reports, that Captain Sadleir, returning in his gig from Parramatta on Saturday evening, had just reached the junction of the Dogtrap and Sydney roads near dark, when his horse, a remarkably quiet one, suddenly look fright, rushed down the hill to the toll-gate, and that being shut, struck his head against the gate with all his force, and fell down dead. The captain was thrown out of the gig, which was broken, but he received scarcely any injury. It is remarkable that several similar accidents have taken place at this particular spot. Some time back Mr. H 's horse took fright in the same way, but fortunately without any accident. Another traveller, with a quiet horse, on reaching the same spot, the horse took fright and bolted; and a man with a team of horses was surprised to find the animals stand still and tremble, and nothing could for a time urge them on; in fact, several well-authenticated cases of horses taking fright at this particular spot have been noticed by the toll-keeper and others. To the cases mentioned in the above extract we might add at lease scores of well-authenticated instances of horses refusing to pass the spot alluded to, or exhibitor great fear, resulting in the bolting of otherwise quiet, manageable horses, but we will content ourselves by relating a very recent case, which would seem to confirm an idea no becoming popular amongst certain classes - that the ghost of the murdered man haunts the scene of his massacre. On last Sunday night, whilst three of our townsmen Messrs Sheedy, Howell and Kelly, were return ing in a buggy from Liverpool, a figure was suddenly observed on the road pursuing the vehicle. Whether fear lent the horse wings or weather terror lent strength to the arm which urged the whip, we don't pretend to know; but one thing is certain, that the unwelcome visitor was at length left behind - so thought the travellers; but lo! horror of horrors! What do they see? Why the same figure again behind them, just running as before, and keeping about twenty yards in rear of the buggy. The unfortunate trio were now on the Parramatta side of Mr. J. Lankers and they had first seen the unwelcome sight when close to Mr Hodgson's residence. What was to be done - pull up and await the result? No, no. 'Onward! onward!' was the cry, and the terrible foe was once more distanced, or again 'mysteriously disappeared' and our worthy citizens returned to town, the heroes of a retreat, managed so well and so suc- cessfully carried out, that-when we take the nature of the enemy into consideration - we must give this small party credit for generalship never surpassed; nay, not even at *can't decipher*. The people of Parramatta, fully sensible of the great victory achieved, are thinking of getting up a testimonial to the warriors composing this gallant triumvirate army who have - by exercise of wise discretion - exhibited their valor. Some say that having broken the *indecipherable* of the buggy opposite the hon Henry Parkes', it was tied up by that gentleman's orderly with the identical cord which bounds the Kiama ghost, and that the spirit was in pursuit, with a view to getting possession of this valuable piece of hemp whilst the hon. gentleman was not there to protect it. Again it is seriously proposed by one section of the community to go out and 'lay the ghost', a process we would be very glad to witness, as we have frequently heard of this ghost laying, but never yet had an opportunity of seeing the im- portant ceremony performed. Other people shake their heads and say 'Why didn't they stop and determine to see it out with their pursuer?' But then those who talk in this strain are untried heroes and possibly might be found wanting, if tried in a similar manner on the dark night on the Liverpool Road. We have heard a few - a very few - persons insane enough to say that the figure was that of the missing lunatics who escaped from the Asylum a few weeks ago, and has not yet been found, but the individuals who talk thus know nothing at all about the matter, they never saw a ghost, they never read about a ghost - not even about Fisher's ghost - and so there is no need endeavouring to get them to fake a sensible view of things nor need we expect them to give honor where honor is due, by acknowledging the merits of one of the *indecipherable* ever yet effected from 'the ghost of the Liverpool road' - effected without any casulaty whatever, not even the loss of a horse, as experienced under the management of an old Commander of the Royal Navy, Captain Richard Sadleir. To write seriously, however, it is strange that so many accidents should have occured at one particular part of Liverpool road. The cause however must be looked for, not in the super- natural, but in the natural state of things. Cumberland Mercury. 