: "" the brave fireman. v iV? !l ARTHUR LOCKER. < Homeward past the nre-eso.ope, I mark its tall fantastic shape, >Ae it leans against the sky ; , ' The fireman stands by his quaint maohino With folded arms and an easy mien, ,As though to say, " There's none to be seen I More free from care than I." Hoes his wife, methinks, as careless seem, 1." f- .9r doe.-.she lio in her bed and dream . .v.'1!;! i Qf ibe shouts, and cries, and rattle ? When the engines thunder along, and a glare , Of red is seen in the dark night air, . Ihies .she ; start in her sleep and breathe a ' ' ' For ner husband in midst of battle.. ;: Weaving such thoughts, I go to bed, But Hqaimbt rest for my whirling head Keeps harping on conflagration ; I see a mighty city on fire, And as her flames mount higher and higher, I hear the thrill of the deep-sea wire . ( Fraught with the grief of a nation. . " i wake/ Did I dreamt I cannot stay To cohsider, for yonder, over the way, ( Is a house all smoking and burning ; . IV And dismal figures, draped in white' At the upper windows, like ghosts of the , night ., r , Are shrieking shrilly, in dire affright . .. Of the bourne whence therms no return- .((;((; _(' ing-'. ...... ... oWhat a:dreadful shock to awaken thus To bed all wearied out with the fuss Tit !4Of.a.l4n|d0n.8h0pkeeper>8day.. '-r ' - Dreaming, may be, after scanty prayers; Of worldly gains and of worldly cares, 1 (And then to waken and find the stairs ( Lx a blaze, and melting away. . . Useless, like me, the crowd below, Swaying and surging to and fro, Does little but shout and gape ; JA mere unorganised rabble font, "Useless, but full of heart, no donbt, For liark ! what a'peal of joy rings out, T : i Huriah for the fire-escape j" My fireman comes with his quaint machine, ; JA, burning house is a nightly scene To him, so he's not perplexed ; He climbs for the .bees .of this smoking hive, He clutches them — one, two, three, four, five ! .ft i He lias saved all those unhurt and alive ; And now he mounts for the next. Horror ! an envious tongue of firo Darts, like a snake, through the netting wire, The canvas is all aflame ! ....; He falls ! hq_falls ! is there none to save ? \-----AS 1 U,a>. —.anl— . . ... .. Who snatched: five souls from a fiery grave, Should perish by the same ! Not really crueL If Providence, In place of our dull earthly sense, More godliko eyes had given ; . . lake'Jacoh's ladder, years ago, Perchance tliat fire-escape would glow With angels passing to and fro To point the way to Heaven. - -Graphic. 