"notes, and" news. "'V ' TnF.UK not living n qnonun at the council clmmbcw on ThuwlayTnnriiiceting lapsed. The ' members in attendance were— the Mayor,. Aldermen -Jcasop. Skclton, and Jlftllinnn. Thk lpswicli and West Moreton Agrloultural ami Horticultural Society's, exhibition will bo hold in Ipswich on Thursday, next, und on Wodnosdny rcturii tteki'ts nt reduceil furcs will bo issue<I at tho Dolby station to persons desirousof visiting Ipswich, avail' able to'return up to Saturday next. Nj biiitres was transacted at tho Land Court hero on Wednesday, The School of Arts building being now in-courso of roinoval, the room in Mr. Mollo's store (lately in -the occupation of Mr. Chubb) lias boon opoiiodnsa reading-room. Tho convenioncb of tho now yadtng room will appreciated by every one, and we only regret tlio oliango roay-not-be-a-poriuanont one instead of only lomporary. As will be seen by an adrortisomoiit in auothcr column, tjio RovrMrrDraper will deliver a lecture on Tuesday evening next iu tho Uiiion Hall (kindly lenkbyMr. Eastaughffe), tho subject, being " I'reachers and Preaching." Tho procoods aro to bo devoted to tho Benovolent Fund of this town. From what is. known of the rev. gentleman's ability, as a lecturer, we hope ho will have a largo audiancc, and feet satisfied that thoso who attend will not only bo instructed but amused. . In tho Legislature Council on "Wednesday, Mr. Fit brought forward a motion to tho 'effect that it is highly desirable that a preliminary surrey should bo made for a railway from Warwick to Stantborpe. A discussion ensued in which nearly all the members present oxpresscd their approval of tho proposed railway, and advocated tho work aa ono likely to secure a large amount of trade to this colony. Tlio rosolulion was passed without a division, but it is not probable that a railway to Stantborpo will be con. structcd for years to come. Tho fact is, thoro must be a vast amount of talk about it before anything will be done, and tbo Mount Perry peoplowiU object and threaten separation unless their lino bo first granted, and by tho time a decision is come to all the tin may have been brought down on drays. We have received from Stanthorpo a sample of the dirt or sand in which tho stream tin is there found in the alluvial deposits, and any person desirous of inspecting tho same may do so on calling at this office. Of the tin exdtoment, as it dovelopes iteelf in Dalby, wo have little to add to our remarks previously, made. People eontinuo to leavo for Stantborpe, and' working men are becoming exceedingly scarce. Tbo now Minora! Leases Bill— which will probably become law in less than, a fortnight,— will cflbcta Tost amount of good. Under it meu will bo enabled to measure off- selectors' frontages, and any sparo. ground remaining— of whioh we anticipate there will bo many nice patches between the claims— can as soon as tho bill is in force at once bo pogged out, and work be commenced. Eveiy digger can get a " tape- line," and he will soon learn that a forty-ocro selec tion should hare not mora than ten chains frontage,' or 660 feet. This provision of enabling men to take up land to mino for tin as they now do for gold, will caso the labor market, no doubt to tlio great advan tage of all concerned. But for tho present, no tittlo distress threatens the crowds of laborers now going to the mines. A letter received in Dolby on Thursday representTihttt-" hundreds ofnienarowdlkingbou't- doing nothing," and anxiously waiting for the com panics to get to work. During the week several; familes havo loft, and women and children have gone' to join tlio .'?breud»winhers.M " Police- Court.— On Tuesday, "David Clohcssy lately a publican at Jondaryan, was chargcdfbeforc: the Police Magistrate with using insulting Innguage to Constable MuUicarn. Tho constablo was . on the platform of the Jondaryan railway station or Satur day lostwhcu tho train from Toowoomba arrived, in which Clohcssy was a passenger. As soon as lie stepped on tho platform be called tlio conBtablo on one side,' and asked him if publicans ought uot to havo ' their lamps lighted at sundown. Being answered in tho affirmative, he drew the constable's attention to the fact of a rival. publican's lamp not being lighted) -and-oskod-tho-roason-of- it. — The-constablu-repUcd. tlmtfit was no.bTisinMs of his," wlicn- Clohcssy callcdy tho coiiBtublo " a crawler," and used other uncompli mentary expressions. On being cautioned, Cloliessy became even more emphatic and demonstrative, and expressed lus opinion of the constablo in cortaiii con | "d cmaa tory and "sdngu umryadj e c I i v es7 f o rd o i r. g whiclr; ho wos. fined £2, with the ulternatiro of acvcn day' imprisonment.— On Wednesday, Margaret- Suhl, being of unsound mind, was ordered to be sent io the Brisbane Houso of Reception for modical treatment. —William Newton and Josoph Wood woroon Friday summoned for driving a convoyanco along a foot path within the municipality. They ptvoiled guilty, and wore each fined 10s. 6d. and costs of court'. Jaines Conroy pleaded guilty to having branded two liorscs with an unregistered brand. This being the first offenco under the Brands Act,, with tlio pro visions of which defendant said he was .not ac quainted, a mitigated penalty of ono shilling -only- was jnfiictcdin addition to the costs of court, the Bench explaining that any person who now uses an unregistered brood renders himself liable to a fine of £50. On Tuesday, Mr. Lllley formally resigned- his position as leader of tbe Opposition party.- Ho-states that ha isnow simply the member for Fortitude Valley. - The peo)lo of Roma hare lost no tiino in support, ing tho action taken by their mnmbur, Mr./ Miles, relative to tho eite chosen for the telegraph-office.. On Monday night, says a telegram in the Courier, ah' influential public meeting was held there, and the. townspeople wore unanimously in favor of "tho site bought by Mr. Mncalistor, when Minuter for. Works, " from tho Corporation. A petition was ngreod to, and was decided to bo forwarded next mail, in favor of the site. A deputation was appointed 'to wnit upon the Minister for Works on tho subject j the dcpiitb . tion to constat of Messrs. Raphael Lewiti und Joseph Benjamin, acting, in conjunction with the hou, .member for Maranoa, Mr. Miles. Considerable apprehension exists in Now Smith Wales und Victoria lest smallpox should obtain a -footing-in-thofoooioiiietf. — A-veuol-rcccutly.nrrivud. at- Sydncy from New Zealand in whioh were several ficrsons suffering from tbo disease, wlilch vessel now ies in quarantine. Every precaution has been, adopted. to check any spread of. tho complaint, tlio liealth officers being very propcrlg exceedingly strict in examining tho vessels coming into port. .'Measures .liavoal9p_heon.mlpptedJ»y_thoj»utl|prijies_in_.tJU8. colony to ensure the safety of Its inhabitants. In the other colonies vaccination is recommended, re gardiug which a correspondent of a medical journal,' writing from Gibraltar, states on tlio authority „of Mr. Henry Stokes, tlie ofllcer.of health for that j>orL,'- tlmlou 'the arrival 'of the Peninsula und Oriental, steamship, Nvuiiza, nt Southampton, 'from., tier lust' trip to thu Mediterranean, the whole of tho officers, und crew,-snvo ono man, a- sailor, who obstinutely refused to havo tiieoperation performed, were ro .voccinnted. When thu Nyanxu reanlicd . Gihrultar, on tho 1st instant', on her outward voyage, she lauded' this identical man for treatment at the civic hospital covered .with smalhpox eruption. . About 28 tons of stream tin hare been received In Warwick from the mines during tlio present week. ' Tun mining company fever seems to bo " on the turn" here. ' An ontiroly now. eetofsymptoms-havo limnifesl.etl themselvos, tlio most prominent' of which is tho bnikor eruption. Queou-strcot seems to havo broken out from, head to foot with sliaro-brokors. All these gentlemen havo long lists of shares for sale in all tho gold, silvcri copper, and tin com panies that httvobccn' floated. If a man wants to make hta fortuno by investing in any ofthcsocom panics, Iu is not only embarrassed in his choluo of a company, hut ho is uttorlr bowildorcd us to \riiich of the now brokers. lio will patronise. Probably tlita is the reason- why tho market has bcon so depressed for tlio lust' week or sol Between tho number of com panies and tho mtmbor of brokori for each, nino. tenths of tho intending investors cannot make up their minds do .what they will, and so tlicy don fc invest nt all. — "Bohemian in tho Courier. . Payment op ''Members.— To nttaoh a salary to what is now, and always ought to be, the honourable post of legislator would, wo feol confident, have- a- demoralising effect. There ore hosts of men through out. tho colony who devoto quito as much time mid .week, us hard for tho public as members of tho Legtalaiurc, but who would never dream of voting to themselves sums out of tho funds they administor. Vet.they havo fully as strong a claim to remuneration for tifctr 'services as have Parliamentary representa tives. Municipal councillors uro occupied as many days in tho ycur, and probably as ninny hours j anil," supposing tho ratcpayora whom they represent to bo in favour— ns we are told tho majority of tho public u re—of payment of members of Parliamont, how rould they reasonably rcfuso to allow thoso councillors to appropriate to their own use a sum sufficient to rompensnto them for tlio time occupied in attending to tho busiuess of tlio Corporation? Then, again, there are the rood trusts, tho hospitals, and many olhor pub!io matters which ontail tho expenditure of n great deal of timb on thoso who manage them. And in (ill thoso cases, though the labour may bo great, tho honor to be gained is inconsiderable. Onco establish tho principle of remunerating man for public sorriccs of this description, and there will bo no end to the abuse that will £row out of it. Instead of getting the best roon, as is tho case, as a rule, nt present, to manage our allhirs local and general, wo jfiiouliLJiaTp tho worst puttiug themselves' forward, morcly for the sako of tlio salary attached to the office and they would not bo very scrupulous as to the means thoy adopted to secure thoir return. Can didatcs fur l'arliamcnt would bo found promising anything short of a railway to the moon or an electric telegraph lino to the sun, and those who sought to attain to municipal honours would under take in the event of their being elected to carry out nil sorts of impracticable und impossible improve uicntst Matters aro bad cnongh in this respect now ; then they would bo infiuitelr worse. — Queensland Times. ' I am uot a bib surprised (says " Bohemian" in tho Courier) at Lilloy giving up tho leadership of tho Opposition; on tho contrary, I think. ho fins dis played extraordinary patience, long suffering, and self-denial, to hold the place so long. Dogberry says, M When two ride on a horse, one must ride boniml but the younger and more ambitious mombors of the Opposition won't admit the truth of this axiom — or ratuer, none of them will consent to ride behind. They all wunt to be in front and pull the reins. The'diflhmlly has not been removed by the resigna tion of Lilley. There is Hcmmant and Griffith, O'Doherty, iVI'Dcvilt, and King, all aspiring to tho position with clnims so equally balanced that nobody can decide which ought to haro the pre ference. If mere cloqucnco, intellectual power, mid Pnriiaraoulnry expericnco were sufficient, Hem xnant licks the lob by long chalks ; but then he is too conscious of his superiority in there respects, and altogether too aristocratic in liis notions to be a good democratic leader. Your highborn intellectual giant in Inrondcr kid gloves and unoxeeptionablo costumo is unappreciated in a rough and ready plebeian Fur liament like ours. Griffith is unapproachable in legal attainments' and debating- power— bub now that ho hns net Lilloy to correct, his abilities aro compara tively useless until an Attorney-General is wanted. As n .tactician O'Dolicrly is prC'Orainent, and pos sesses -a ponderous sort of eloquence that tells auiaxingly-on-sucti-suljccU-aa-oystor-legislalion. and tho extinction of rocasels ; but 'these subjects don't require to ho dealt with often, and 'tactics arc of liUle use when nobody will act upon them except just so far as thoy plciiso. M'Davitl's Nor thern proclivities arc (in effectual bar to his olaims to the leadership. King is ororwhohncd-witU- nrivato- 'linsiness, and there is nobody else on that side of tlio House who stands tho ghost, of a clianeo. I am afraid tho Great Liberal Party will dwindle - down agaiu to my old frioud Miles. He seems to . be. about all that's left of it now,, in reality," unless the quest-ion of leadership can be amicably settled. How would it be for tbo rirul claimants to tako the leadership week and week about wliilo tho session lusts ? .On Tuesday, Mr. Fdlinor introduced a new Imnu gration Bill into tho Assembly, which was read a 'first timo. He explained that tbe bill contained a good many cluuses of the prcsonL Act, which were merely directory, but ho proposed instead of issuing orders to 'take up 40 acres of land, which were a .delusipn_and_a_Bimre_to_tho-immigrant,-tliat_nnyi -porson coming to Queensland from Europo by certain ships and under certain regulations, 'and paying, his own passage money or tho passage money of nny adult member of his family, or snrvunts, should, on giving satisfactory proof to tho Immigration Agent that he has resided in the colony for twclro months, receive a £20 land_ order for ouch adult passenger. Tho land order would be transferable to any person as a bank note now was, and it would bo only subject to very small discount. Then it would not follow that a mechunio paying his passage out would receive a laud order, which would be useless to him, us was now tho case, because ho could disposo of it as ho pleased, and the Government had nothing to do with it. He had no doubt that there would bo boiuo, objection against going back to tho old system of transferable land orders, but he believed that tho grand .mistake that was inndo in dealing with immi gration to this colony was iu departing from tho system of transferable land orders. . With regard to assisted passengers, ho proposed tlmt pnrt of the passage-money should bo ptud at homo, and that an undertaking should bo signed by the nussencr to pay -t lie balance within twelve mouths alter his arrival, "uWdnpoirsnFh payment, andlialwfttctory proof being" shown to the Immigration Agent that tho party had resided in the colony for twelve months, he should bo entitled to a £20 transferable land order. Any person in the colony could, on paymont of a small sum, provide a passago for any friends or relatives at. home, such friend or relative signing. on undertaking to pay: the balance of the passago money "within twelvo inonllis after arrival, and on suah payment ho would receive a £20 laud order, -and if he did not pay it tho nominator, who wpuld also havo to sign-on undertaking that if tho nomineo did not pay he ..wquld, be responsible, would havo to pay, hnd on his doing so he would be entitled to the land order. Tlio old" forms wore retained, and in order to induce ' persons resident in the colony to scud homo for their frionds and relations t ho amount to bo paid was made lis low as possible.' Between onoyonr and twolvo the payment would be only £2 j between twelve and forty, £4; and above forty, £0. Of cunrso it would rest with the House to adopt thoso schedules or not, but jiehad put them in with tho advico of the Immi gration Agent.- Tim number of freo passages to bo granted would bo entirely guided Jby tho sum wliioli the House voted annually ' for thu' purpose of immi gration. \- Wo were shown yesterday spocimons of very rich -copner-ore-from-the-firsb- iiiiiierul-etileetioit-takon-iip- -allllawbolle. — Mr.-Thos. . Hogkln»,-innnimur-ofllio- Normnuby mino, has recently visited utul inspected this property, mid from hta report wo lenrn that there are four very strong mid well . defined lodes on it. -Thu firrt ho desorihed as having an outcrop of eighteen inches, which at thu .depth of . eighteen feet hud -widoncU-to- two-fcoL— Tho-sccond-aiid-thirtl lodes- ciamlued lioil not. hoeii i?ponod to nny depth,' but (lie outcrop indications were oxcollunt—in one plnro two fcot ,wulo. On the fourth . lodu a shaft has boon sunk twunty fret. At (he mouth of the shaft hu says are 'splendid rocks of grey and red oxido ofmppcr— oub over 120tbs. .weight, of ut least GO per rout, copper, fls'rich ns any won hy him hi thu colony. Thu out crop of tho snvural lodes iHtraccnhlo to a con»lderablok length, and wo may congrutulato tho proprietors on rthojioBSMsiouofa very vnlunblo mine. Mr. Kirk wood, ;,otie of tlie proprietors, is now oil his way to Brisbane Tto 'float u rompany there, nnd there run bo no question but that will lie cosy onough wiLli suoh'n property. Tho shipping port of the mine will bo Gladstone, a dislimce of 135 miles, with a eupllul road ail the wny. -2lttryLorour)h Ch rouiilr, - t» :Tnu following notification, was' mndi) publio last wcok " Aa it has comft undor. tho tlio.notlco of the Government that tho names of scvoral officers in Uio publio'Borvioo luivo rocontly apjioored in advertise ments iu tho public nowennpers of tho colony ns directors and holders of ofiico in publio companies, liis Kxcollenoy -tho Gpvornor, with tlio advico of tho Exocutivo Council, directs it to be notified that no officer in tho Government sorvieo shall bo allowod to hold oflloo in any public company or socioty what ever." IjT ""alluding to the rumora current of largo amounts having boon offered for blocks of tin land and refused, soma of -which nro of doubtful acouracv, tlio Tenterfeld Star on Tliursday states i " Wo know for a fact that in scroml instances offers of £10 per acre for tin laud at Maryland have been rofusod, that £15,000 was refused for 480 acres of land on a branch of Sugar Loaf Creek, Queensland, and that £5000 was refused a fow days ngo by Messrs. -"Walsh,- -Walker, ami party for 400 acres siluato nt Catarrh Crock. Whether "oltlior or both of theso offors wore iu cash wo liavo not heard. Wo under stand that Mr. Jos. Honoyman has lately parted with his third interest in 80 acres on tho Two-Mllo Creek for £300." ' That our Quoonslond . tin mines are nt length boooming duvolopod there can be no doubt, as . like wise that present results nro highly oneournging to some of the lucky soloctors. Tho Ijiswioh steamer, on a recent trip Irom tho bead of navigation, brought down sovontoon tons of tho ore, whilst botwoon fourteen and -fifteen tons were shipped to Sydnoy, per City of Brisbano, on Tuesday.- -Courier. Mens, prom Stantikjrpb.— A correspondent of tho Zbotooomifl ChronieU writes— "As for the dombnds for survoyors, I hardly know how they can bo supplied : for acres, Imlf-acreB, and quarter-acres, and patchos of land about big onough to swing a cat round, aro all boiug scrambled for at fabutous prices. Tho railway keeps coming in with its live freights, nud Cobb's coach is always too erammed to bo pleasant. Of course the store-keepers, reatauront-keopors, pubs., and sly grog-soltors nro reaping good harvests — but can they lost? A few of tho companies havo got to work, but Oven among tho best of tbom they've got rummy crews, "who Know little or nothing of tin mining. Even tho best Cornisli men are almost nonplussed, for digging bore and aFVhb- tin mines of' tho old country aro totally different. Near to Deuchar's bridge, a real mob of fresh arrivals keep camping one after auothor, that' inako ono think of tho good old times of Canvas Town in Victorio, when gold was (so 'twas said) to be picked up by handfuls in tho streets. On tho way from Warwick to Oakey Crcok, Rosonthnl Creok, and many otherholting spots and stations, tho country is ohvo with pedestrian swarms humping thoir swags, riding and draying it. "Bohemian," in tho Courier , asks: Doos anybody know Chubb — Chubb, of Dolby — attornoy, proctor, and wlm£ not? If thoy do, just lot him know that Fring wants to see him about bringing out a now and revised edition of " Pring's Statutes of Queensland." Fring is most anxious to see him, and Mr. District Court Judgo Blakenoy also, on the subject. It aooms Chubb is a new legal luminary lately rison in tho west, and Judgo Blakenoy was tho first to discover and hail tho now light. Chubb has found out im portant omissions in Pring's Statutes that haro oscaped tho ponotrotion of oil tho Judgos, Attorney- Generals, barristers, and attomoys, over since tho foundation of tlio colony. Tlio discovory is liboly to causo quito a revolution in our criminal proceedings at tho courts of potty sessions, and witnessos in such casos will havo causo to bless the namo of Chubb, of Dalby. This is, .indeed, tbo ago of discovery. Pring, so far from boing offended with tho boldness and presumption of Chubb and his first convert, Blnko- ncv, is delighted with the kcon perception, nice dis crimination, and depth of lugtd knowledge manifested by thorn. If he could moot with them just now ho would bo ready to ombraco thorn with considerable ardour. Anyway, ho is -very anxious to bring out a now edition of tho " Statutes," and ho wants Chubb (of Dalby) to edit the work. Blakenoy might revise tho proof shoots, and thon lawyers and JudgcB would havo something like perfection. Couraoeous Conduct. — A eorrospoudont on th overland-telegraph lino- sends tho following account of a brush with tho blocks by two teamsters Kyrko and his man, in charge of two bullock teams loaded with stores and building material, luft Barrow's Crcok on the 29Lh March, and got along all right till the evening of tho 3rd April, when tho nearness of -natives-was made evident. Tho dogs kept good watch during tlio night, and next day tlio travellers got their teams off. They were getting nlong fine through tlio high grass country lying botween tho Taylor and Wyeliffu.Creoks, when suddenly' aborigines sur rounded and threatened them with botnorang and spoor, hut Kyrko and his party were on the qui vire, showed a good front, and for a time kopt tho dnrkios in check. They pushed to get thoir bullocks through tho grass, which at that ploco was fully six feot high, but were not soon enough, for tlio blacks took adran- age of the situation and set fire to tho country all round. Affairs now looked exceedingly unpleasant, but tho whites possessed three requisites that, well applied, will in most cases got a man through any ordinary danger, viz., pluck, presence of mind, ana -determination.- -They armcd-tbcmsolrcs ns well-os thoy could, and rushed one dray through the fiery circle, then speedily returning, sought to do the same with the other, but found that thebullocks had bcon so torrificd by tho roaring and crackling of the flames and burning grass that they had all lain down — tho usual way in which horned - cnttlo encounter this _danger_and_mect jlcoth by fire. By the greatest exertions the driver roused tlieio, and with' whips and lungs urged them on through tho blinding smoko and scorching flames. Several times tlio taruauliu caught fire, and was as often put right; several times tho bjaoks charged on tho outside of tho ring of fire, but were as often repulsed. At lust tbo belt of flame was crossed, and tho two teams were again in com pany ; but a couplo of tho animals in tho latter team- were so badly burnt as to bo unablo to work. Tho blacks were beaten off by. courage, and two lives were thus saved, with all the property. Tlio slightest wavering or doubt would liovu been sufficient to hnvc caused the loss of all. Tiie question of mining for gold on private lnnd was brought before tho Legislative Assembly of New South Wulcs on tho 9th instant. On tho motion of 3Ir. Junes,. the. Soli citoriGcnoral,lho_nroviouB. que&!. tion was carried, by tho casting vote or tho Speaker. The effect of tiie speech made by Mr. Inncs was that in point of lnw the Grown was entitled to tbo 'precious metals upon lands, but how'tlmt'right- wua to bo oxcrciscd was tbe qncstion. It was desirable to ohcok tlio exorbitant terms obtained by private landowners, and to mako an equitable distribution of the precious metals between the Crown which wna entitled to it, tho lcuidownor with whoso consout it could, ulono bo obtained, nud tho mining public whoso labor raised it. Tho Govern ment would, however, promise to lake tho subject into their immediato consideration. In tho Victorian Assembly, on the 9th, Mr. Francis stated that the first subject dealt with by the Now Ministry would be tho question of mining on private property. Specimens of bismuth, diecovorod recently at Mount Perry, hnro been pronounced to bo of oxcol- lout quality. Thu article is wortlij £1)200 in the homo market. . Discoveries of tin oro in tho neighbourhood of Singleton, are reported in thu Now Smith Wales papers. ; 