The proposal to establish, a fire brigade in the south ward of the city does not, with our pre sent knowledge of the facts, seem to be a pub lic necessity. The promoters say very truly that the ward is a large one, and for the most part composed of fragile buildings, but that is no proof of the want of a new fire brigade. Of course nobody wishes to hinder the public spirit of the ward from exhibiting itself in any useful shape, and few persons, we presume, will object to the new brigade project, if it be carried out at the . expense of the projectors and their friends, and be efficiently maintained and served. If this were done it would be' just so much added to the common protection of the common civic interests. That is, if the new brigade, like the old; ones, were to be one for all Ballarat, and not for the south ward merely. And this consideration brings us to the very pith of the thing. "What, really, do the new brigade promoters aim atl As far as we have had opportunity of judging, the war of words bn the subject has been one of com plaint about the expense of the City Brigade as contrasted with the cheapness of the Prahran and Emerald Hill brigades., There is no attack made upon the efficiency of the existing brigades. Unhappily, we are igno rant of the exact merits, professional or eco nomical, of the seaside brigades, but we know enough to affirm that Ballarat is the best served place in all Victoria in respect of its fire-preventive machinery. Ho place in Vic toria has had such tragic need of fire-fighters, and out of our very dire necessities have arisen the smartest and best appointed bodies of firemen that the colony can show. We have no hesitation in affirming that no two brigades in Victoria can stand alongside the brigades of the Borough of Ballarat East and the City of Ballarat. Melbourne has nothing to show like .them, nor have its suburbs; To compare the Prahran and Emerald Hill brigades with ours is nonsense. Sandhurst has only the ghost of a brigade, and no wonder, for if there were a brigade there is no water there, and a brigade without water is comparatively of little use unless the members be sala manders. Geelong and Chilwell, perhaps, are the only places that come near to Ballarat in the possession of efficient fire services, and they are certainly excellent formations. Some of the north-western gold-fields towns have also tolerably efficient brigades, as efficient proba bly as the circumstances will admit. But in Ballarat we have better conditions than most other places for the creation and maintenance of a thoroughly effective service. In the first place we had, in the old times, such. terrible disasters by fire, that the demand for firemen was most imperious. To save ourselves from annihilation we had to fight desperately against the fire. This evoked the pluck which has all along distinguished our firemen. With that pluck there went the most devoted public ‘spirit. Of all our volunteer services, none have been more thoroughly devoted or more really useful than our '■ fire service has been. First the Ballarat East Brigade, and then the City Brigade, as the town grew over the western plateau, came out as fire-fighters. At first under difficulties. There was no water in the old times, or only such help in that way as carts brought, and this, too, when big fires ate up whole streets and threatened destruction to half the town. But, then came a better water-supply, and with that our bri gades improved their appliances and then practice until they have made themselves what they are to-day, the most completely equipped and disciplined bodies of firemen in Victoria. How, the question' is, whether or not a third brigade is wanted for Ballarat.- There can be no doubt that the more brigades there are the better for the protection .of the town, provided thaf every one is efficient in' its men arid com plete in its appliances, and ‘ that all work har moniously and with only a.generous rivalry together.... At,’/present’ our.two'; brigades, on the whole, arid despite , rather a silly jealousy,- are this and do this.. Their-stations are spread , about, like, their- members, over,- nearly the, whole town east and; west, and when a fire alarm is 'sourided-there, is no question of east or west, or north or south, but only how. soonest to reach the fire and get it undent If another brigade can be got together .under similar con ditions as to effectiveness, and public spirit, so much the better; but the creation of a mere make-believe brigade, and especially if it were born less of a generous spirit of willinghood for .the general good than of a carping jealousy of eating /organisations,;would; be a ; snare, It seems to us that the very first thing to look j? tbe maintenanoe pfr good feelingibetween the brigades, and to tlus end we should like to see any project for the : formation of fsvthird brigade have the sanction arid the quite sure that the? present brigades will not wish 7 to monopolise? all the work of fiireiprevention hind fire.extinc-?- tiou, if it can .be shown that there is?? ri. > necessity -for an • additional/, - 7 force.?* It may be that when * the city and borough areama,lgamated, and the whole town divided into four wards, that it may appear desirable that; each 7 ward. should possess a brigade ser vice of. its own, but for that we are content to wait until the time comes. Possibly, when that time comes,' some other method of organi sation may be judged to be more desirable. If may be that " when Ballarat is brie city it may appear desirable that it should have only one fire service, whose hose companies and hose stations should be multiplied so as, to touch every part of the whole city at a few minutes’ notice, -but whose organisation should have one centre, and whose united companies, with their officers and captain,.should form a body of dis ciplined men unequalled probably outside the great fire-fighting cities of the 7 United' States. If unity could be had without a loss of that generous emulation-which has hitherto* been the glory of the Ballarat brigades, something would be gained; but this is a subject to be determined by experienced men. As to the project now on foot for a south ward brigade, it seems to us, as we have said, that the neces sity has riof been demonstrated. If there be a necessity,? the burgesses of the ward have only to show it to lead. to public support being given to the project, but even then we must urge that it is in the first place of necessity that existirig efficiency be not impaired. Sir Henry Barely has won golden opinions for his handling, of the dispute as to the-terri tory of the'South African diamond-fields. He proved himself to be a judicious Governor here," and he has exhibited similar qualities in his larger territory in South Africa. A glance at the map'of South Africa will show how the diamond grounds are situated. Briefly it may be stated that the diamondiferous territory as yet, opened lies over that area comprising the delta formed by the confluence of the Yaal and Orange rivers, and the. lands on the right and left banks of the Yaal and its affluents, both above and below Pniel. This town is about 720\. miles -north-east from Cape Town, arid about 450 miles west or west by north from the port town of Natal British sovereignty existed over the whole territory 7 20 years ago, but in 1854 it was withdrawn in obedience to thehome-keeping, colony-relinquishing councils then prevailing in England. The native tribes on the Yaal and Orarige are the Basutos, whose chief, jMoshesh, was arid is an ally of Britairi. Then there are the Griquas, a half-breed race, headed by Waterboer and Kok, and finally there are two Dutch republics. One, the Trans Yaal Republic, is on the north of the Yaal, with Andries Pretorious as president; the other, the Free State, is south of the Yaal and east of the Orange, with Brand as presi dent. The Dutch farmers are great earth hungerers' and perennially jealous of the British. They have, by. right or might, got hold of a great deal of territory formerly, held by the Basutos and the Griquas, and have always been in, hot water with both peoples. Disputes be tween the Basutos,. Griqua chiefs, and the Dutch were pending for years, and British in tervention was sought ,by the Basutos .and Griquas both. The diamond discovery gave a new intensity to the dispute, and especially with reference to some territory held by a Mr Camp bell on the north bank of the Yaal. The Dutch claimed under an alleged sale by an alleged agent of Kok, but this was traversed by the Griqua chief. Meanwhile diainond hunters . flocked iu by thousands, and Waterboer claimed at the same time the land on the south of the Yaal. It was estimated a year ago that the diggers numbered 34,000, of whom 30,000 were Europeans, arid mostly British subjects; so that tbe disputes about 7 the land became of more moment to the Cape Government. In August, 1870, Brand, the President of the Free State, and Waterboer had a conference,, but Waterboer left in disgust; and then Brand appointed a commis sioner, and issued a sovereignty proclama tion to the diggers south of the Yaal. Pretorious took similar steps north of the Yaal Governor Wodehouse having left the Cape, and Sir H. Barkly not having arrived, Lieutenant- General Hay, an officer of ability, administered the government, and he at once protested against Brand’s assumption of sovereignty over territory claimed by British allies, as a previous proclamation in 18G8 had been also 7 never recognised. This protest applied as well to Pretorious as to Brand, and to both sides of the Yaal, Waterboer having asked for a procla mation of British sovereignty. Pretorious and Brand had previously been at loggerheads, but they now, made up their disputes. General Hay, however, appointed Mr Campbell a magistrate to protect. British interests. -; In December, 1870, Sir H. Barkly arrived at the Cape, and Brand re-asserted" his claims and, put in garbled documents in support, but Sir H. Barkly rejected the evidence and went up, in February, 1871, to the diamond-fields to see for himself. He was received with enthusiasm everywhere by the diggers, 1 who feted him royally. From the Yaal Sir Henry, passed into the Basuto land .to see Moshesh, and as soon as his back was turned Brand called out, a commando. Sir Henry instantly warned him it was a levying of war against the Queen, and he called up all the police force of the Cape colony. Brand proposed a reference of the dispute to the King of .-Holland or the Presiderit of ■ the United States, and afterwards to the Emperor of Germany, but Sir Henry refused a reference’-of a dispute grounded on treaties with British allies to any foreign power, and demanded a recall of the commando before entertaining- any proposals for arbitration. This Brand did, and-the more? promptly as the diggers were against him, and, to use a Kaffir phrase; could have “ eaten up” bis whole army in no - time. .The. latest news we have from the; diamond-fields is that Sir Henry Barkly ; has proclaimed, British sove reignty over the whole territory. He did this, as the Horae Governmerit gave him plenary powers, confiding in his well-tried discretion of more than twenty years as a colonial Governor; What the issue of events there. will- be the future must reveal A federation of all Euro pean colonies there is spoken of, and the foun dation • of-'a 7 South African republic, whose territory shall reach from the ’ Cape to Basuto Land, and eastward to the Zulu territories and Delagoa Bay, with a shore line on the- Indian Ocean from? about, the 25thtq the 35th degrees of latitude.'' ' ‘ ? v ‘ 