COUNTRY NEWS. As a proof of the increasing value of good frontages for business in Sandhurst, we may mention that 15ft. frontage to Pall Mall was sold on Monday at the rate of £100 per foot. THE recent Sunday's heat was felt in the country districts quite as severely as in Melbourne. At Sandhurst the thermometer reached 105deg, in the shade on Saturday, and 100deg. on Sunday, and in the " cool of the evening" it was standing at 95deg. Throughout Riverina, during the past week, the heat has been 110deg. to 112deg. in the shade.. The Pastoral Times remarks that " most of our settlers who have families have cleared out for Melbourne, Geelong, Tasmania, etc., and many of our townspeople would visit Melbourne for a change of air if they could do s0 on reasonable terms." The situation of people who consider the metropolis cool must, indeed, be deplorable. AN inquest was held by Dr. Brown, cor- oner, at Mount Doran on the 22nd inst., on the body of Ann Curtis, aged three years and five months, who was killed on Sunday evening last, through a rotten tree having fallen on her, striking her on the abdomen, and rupturing the stomach. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the facts stated. THE Lal Lal correspondent of the Star writes :—" So rapidly are the crops ripening, that the sanctity enjoined by the fourth commandment is being transgressed to save the shedding of grain. On the last two Sundays knights of the sickle turned out, and in one instance a reaping machine was set to do its work. The Learmonth correspondent of that journal says that threshing was stopped in consequence of the rain on Monday, but work was resumed on Tuesday, and all the available machines in the district are now eagerly sought for. As to the average yield of the crops in this district, many opinions are already hazarded—from 15 to 25 bushels per acre—but who can tell ? The agricultural statistics will shortly be taken, but I can say from experience that there is no reliance to be placed in them. AN action has been commenced in the County Court, Ballarat, against the Buninyongshire Council, by a man named Cornelius Patton, for £250 damages for injuries received by falling into a hole, near Warrenheip. IN reference to the election for the vacancy in the borough council of Clunes, Mr. J. F. Deegan being the only candidate for the west ward, was consequently elected to the office. MR. FALLON is taking time by the forelock. The Albury Banner writes as follows : —A large quantity of wine has lately been sent over to the Victorian side of the river by Mr. Fallon, who has had to rent premises and cellars in Wodonga, in anticipation of the enlightened legislation which seeks to ruin the wine industry of this district. THE Ballarat Coarier of Tuesday says that there was some talk on Monday night of the treasurer of a tribute party, working in one of the Western mines, having in a mild sense absconded. It seems that the party having discovered that several accounts which they had supplied the treasurer with funds to pay were still owing, and accordingly challenged him with embezzlement. The treasurer then made off at a pace so rapid that none of his mates could secure him. MENTION was made the other day of the birth of three sons to Mrs. Backhouse, of Braidwood, making the complement of the family up to eighteen. It is now stated that the interesting trio are thriving well, and have been christened Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. A DEAD body was discovered in the Riverina bush last week by Mr. E. C. Pearson. A coroner's jury, without retiring, returned the following verdict:—" That upon the 18th January, 1872, the body of a man, supposed to named John Robertson, was found dead at Sandy Creek, but from the evidence adduced it was impossible to tell when death had occurred, or the cause that had led to it. THERE can be no doubt (declares the Daylesford Mercury) that the illustrated papers addressed to private persons in this colony are systematically stolen. A resident of this borough informs us that he only got three copies of the Illustrated News in as many years, though the paper was regularly addressed to him during that time. THE Beechwortb branch line of railway promises to be successfully carried out. A local journal states that the directory, having objected to the quality of certain lands reserved, had applied for others on the Murray River. Without yielding exactly what was asked, Mr. Grant met the directory half way in the fairest spirit, by marking off a large tract of country lower down the river, from which they might make their selection. This has just been done. Mr. Thomson, the hon. secretary, reports most favourably of the country, and the selections have been made. The first Government which made concessions to the Beechworth branch line promised one fifth of the cost as an equivalent. The late Ministry agreed to follow out the same programme by giving land instead of money ; but the present Government have determined to give an acre of good average land for every £2 of requisite capital. A SOLDIER named George Knockton, who formerly belonged to Colonel Anderson's old regiment, the " fighting 50th," died on Sunday last in the Ballarat district hospital, where he had been an inmate for some time. The deceased distinguished himself both in India and the Crimea. THE Gipps Land Mercury states that Mr. Turton, of the Geodetic Survey party, will shortly resume his duties, which he expects will terminate in two or three months. The party are now surveying the coast from "Wingan Inlet to the Snowy River. THE Early Closing Association at Sandhurst is providing innocent and enjoyable recreation for the community in the form of popular concerts. At the first the Hirst troupe, with Miss Bailey, is to appear. SEVERAL farmers have threshed their wheat in the East Bellarine district, and find the yield much better than was expected from appearances just before harvest. The potato crop is excellent, and onions are more plentiful than ever. The late rains will sustain the grass, and we may expect good feed, and consequently good butter for a time longer. MR. B. G. DAVIES visited Dunolly last week with Mrs. Davies, and was received by a cavalcade and presented with an address, and generally feted, to use his own words, " like a German Prince." In presenting the address, the mayor said, " He need hardly tell him (Mr. Davies) that the auspicious event which had lately taken place had sent a thrill of satisfaction throughout the district. AN infant not more than six or eight weeks old, named Elizabeth MacNamara, was taken to the Castlemaine Hospital on Monday night, with both her arms broken, the result (believes the M. A. Mail) of the violence of one of its parents. KNOTT, the defaulting rate-collector of the Benalla Shire Council, has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzlement. A PUBLICAN, named D'Arcy, at Baddaginnee, near Benalla, was charged at the local police court, on Tuesday, with feloniously taking the sum of £45 from a man who called at the hotel, and was remanded for eight days. AN officer from the Board of Lands and Survey Department has been in Geelong, and paid a visit of inspection to tbe locality of the eastern beach, with the object of sug gesting a site for erecting bathing-houses for the use of the children of the Industrial Schools. It is expected that in the course of the year some arrangements will be carried out to promote that desirable end. It is generally agreed (says the Daylesford Mercury) that snakes were never more numerous than they are this season, and we fear we shall have to report more loss of life from these dangerous reptiles. On every side we hear of their being seen in the bush of this district, and escapes from being bitten are so common as to attract little attention. It is only when some unfortunate fellow is poisoned and dies, or nearly dies, that one hears of the event. Most persons who are in a position to speak authoritatively on the subject are of opinion that the snakes in this district are rapidly increasing, and that unless a remedy for the plague be devised, it will be hazardous to walk anywhere in the bush around the borough, and even on the grass within the boundaries. IN the case of Mrs. M'Donald, who was bitten by a snake, and recovered after ammoniacal injection had been used, it is to be noted that, in the first instance, a man named Ewen cut out the bitten part and sucked the wound. A COUNTRY contemporary narrates a ghost story. We are told that at 9 p.m., as the Rev. Mr. Bayley, accompanied by two of Mr. Hughes' daughters, was driving towards Millhaven, and when opposite Mr. Wainhold's paddock, near the Lake Hotel, Mr. Bayley saw a gaunt female figure, dressed in flowing white robes, rise out of the ground and extend her right arm in front of the horse. The animal became frightened, and bolted right through the figure. Miss Hughes exclaimed, " Dear me, what was that ? " Mr. Bayley endeavoured to pull the horse up, but on he dashed, nor could he be induced to stop till he reached the gate at Millhaven. If Mr. Bayley can pull the horse up next time, our advice to him is to apply the whip to that ghost. MR. R. C. KNOTT, late valuator and rate collector for the Benalla Shire Council, has absconded, and the Ensign reports the case as " another melancholy instance of the results of too free indulgence in drink." AN inquest was held at the Elephant and Castle Hotel, Geelong, on Saturday last, on the body of a sailor named Graham, one of crew of the Sussex, who was drowned on the night of the wreck of that ship. After hearing evidence, a verdict of accidental death by drowning was returned. THE Bendigo Advertiser gives another instance of terrible mutilation, if not of death, through incautious tamping. That journal of Saturday says:—The mine of the East Windmill Hill Company was yesterday the scene of a frightful accident by which a man named John Tait, a miner, was nearly killed on the spot. It appears that he was engaged picking out an unexploded shot, when the powder was ignited, and the charge exploded with terrific violence, some of the fragments of rock striking him about the head, face, arms, and breast. In a dreadfully mutilated condition the poor fellow was raised to the surface and conveyed to the hospital, where Dr. M'Gillivray found, on examination, that he had sustained a compound fracture of the skull, and one of his arms was so shattered that the fore part had to be amputated. He is in a critical state. THE Ballarat Evening Mail is responsible for the following :—Some of the unwholesome tea—the cargo of the Hindu, wrecked on the coast of New Zealand, and brought to Melbourne by the Claud Hamilton, consigned to Mr. W. Bates—has already reached Ballarat, and is being offered for sale. This morning a gentleman called, and informed us that the tea he had used for breakfast had a strong flavour of salt water, and that it produced sickness of himself and family, and a most unpleasant taste in their mouths for hours after. Consumers should be cautious in purchasing tea, lest some of this rubbish be palmed off upon them. IT is now three weeks since the Sussex went ashore (says the Geelong Advertiser, of the 22nd last.), but the excitement about her is almost as great as it was during the first week she went aground. On Saturday there was a fair number of visitors, and again on Sunday hundreds braved the hot wind and the scorching sand in order to see for themselves how the company were getting on ; and at 2 o'clock the general wish was for a cooling drink, all the water, temperance beverages, and spirits on the " Sussex township" being warm and sickening. It was, indeed, fearfully hot, even under the closely interlaced boughs of a tea-tree; and as for promenading on the beach, that was considered the height of folly. New comers tried it, but they quickly retired. ON Sunday (says the Star) Mrs. Hogan, of Haddon, accompanied by her busband, another man, and two children, were proceeding in a spring-cart to the Roman Catholic Church at Smytbesdale to get a child baptised, and when near the culvert at Mr. Keith's store, the horse somehow took fright and struck into a gallop, and the driver pulling it up short, the animal, cart and all, went head foremost over the range-wall of the culvert and fell into tbe creek. Mrs. Hogan has, it seems, got her leg broken in two places; one of the children appeared to be severely hurt, but soon recovered. The men escaped by leaping out at the time. A MELANCHOLY instance of the fatal effects of that scourge diphtheria comes from Bright. Mr. Smith, a settler of Boggy Creek, has lost six out of his seven children. A MOST providential escape from loss of property, and perhaps life, is recorded by the Beaufort Chronicle. Several farmers at Trawalla had nearly finished cutting down their crops, and the "stooks" were left standing on the fields during Sunday, when one of them, in Wilkinson's paddock, was struck by lightning, and blazed up in an alarming manner. They would have been quickly destroyed had not a heavy shower of rain descending at the very nick of time extinguished the fire. A DEATH under the most distressing circamstances has taken place at Newbridge. A lady of the most active, industrious, and business-like habits, apparently through several losses over which there was no control, one of which was that of an incendiary setting fire to a stack of hay, took such a melancholy view of life that she went out of her senses. She then took a dislike to all her family, and even went so far as to threaten their lives, and gradually growing worse, died on Thursday last. THE successful introduction of fish into Lake Wendouree is declared by the Courier to be an accomplished fact. EARTHQUAKES are becoming acclimatised at Wagga Wagga, and on Sunday morning last a welcome was given to another little stranger. The shock occurred about 10 o'clock, but as it was not a very violent one, and people are now becoming quite accustomed to subterranean commotions, it did not occasion either surprise or alarm. THE contractors for the third section of the North-eastern Railway (reports the Ovens Advertiser) have fairly made a start at Wangaratta, some 40 or 50 men having been engaged for the last few days principally clearing the line of timber, but the work has been sadly interfered with by the intolerable heat. THE mayor of Geelong and Mr. Connor were on Monday elected to act with Mr. Panton, P.M., on the licensing bench. A SHOCKING occurrence has taken place at Colbinabbin north, and is reported in the Waranga Chronicle. A man name William Lassom poisoned himself by taking strychnine on the 10th inst., while suffering from delirium tremens. His infant daughter, shortly after he took the poison, found the glass and drank some of its remaining contents. They were both taken in the convulsions consequent on poisoning by strychnine, and both died about the same time. 