LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, 7TH OCTOBER. The SnusB took tbs chair at twonty.-nino minute! past sV o'clock. QUESTIONS. Mr. ABBOTT asked tho Secretary for Pattie Works-Has the Government placed,' or is it their in- tention to place, any or what sam on the estimates for 1873, for the formation and repair of tho main road from Maryland to Tenterfield, and from Tenterfield to Glen Innes; of tho road from Tenterfield to the Olarcnoo ; of the road from Glen Inno» to Inverell ; for the erection of bridges over the Mann and Beardy Eivers, Newton Boyd-rond; for tho formation and repair of thc road from Inverell, by Cape's Creek and Bundarrah, to tho Great Northern-road at Bendemeer P Mr. SUTHERLAND replied, that no answer could ba given to the gentleman until tho estimates now under consideration aro finally decided on by tho Government. In answer to questions concerning tho Permanent Military Force-as to the Btops tho Government have taken or intend to tako to carry into effect the resolu- tion of thia House of July 18th, 1872, asked by Mr. Forster, _ Mr. PARKES said that within a week or a fortnight at the latest, the financial statement will bo made, and the estimates given, when tho intentions of the Govern- ment in respect to tho Permanent Military Force will be explained. ." Mr. PARKES, in answer to Mr. Forster, as to tho steps taken by tho Govornmont of this colony to offeot arrangements with the colony of Victoria respecting the collection o' tho Border Duties, their result, and tho f utnro intentions of this Government respecting tho col lcctionvof thoso duties, "said-that tho steps taken by this Government to avoid tho necessity for any further collection of tho Border Duties, were fully explained in tho papers laid ou tho tablo. Tho Govornmont havo no intention of abandoning the negotiations, nor is ! their ultimate failure contemplated. " Mr. SUTHERLAND, in answer to Mr. Forster, Baid that reports an the construction of bridges ovor tho Loddon River, and at King's Falls, between Sydney and Wollongong, havo been received from tho proper officers, and aro now under tho consideration of tho Government. Mr. PARKES, in answer to Mr. Forster, said that tho roturn relating to payments made to members of Par- liament for services rendered to the Government (or- dered by this House on November 8,1870), would bo laid npon tho table that afternoon. j PAPERS. Mr. PARKES laid on tho tobin-Statistical RogiBtei for 1871 j correspondence respecting* arrangements made by Agent-General return Bhowing tho several amounts received by mombors of Parliament othor than Ministers of tho Crown, for services rendered te the Government during tho years 18G7, 18G8, I860, and 1870 ; despatch from Secretary of State for tho common respecting Oriental Bank Corporation ; return showing gross amount received from tho police districts of Graf- ton and Richmond River, including tho Tweed River district, as land revenue ; return Bhowing expenditure under Loan Acts 18 Vic, No_. 35, and 30 Vic, No. 5 j return showing amounts received as revenue from all sources at Gulgong during tho period from tho lit April, 1871, to 31st March, 1872: and general abstract of aank liabilities and assets for tho quarter ending 30th Juno, 1872. Tho papers wore ordered to be printed. Mr. SUTHERLAND laid on the table-Return (ia reference to money oxponded on certain roadB at Bal- main ; return of copies of correspondence, survey reports, minutes, and other documents, in reference to a bridge over tho Loddon river and King's Falls ; return of contracts not completed (although the term for their completion had exprrod) previous lo tho 30th Juno, 1872 ; roturn of corrcspondoaco respocting removal of Mr. Doignn from the position of Railway Station-master at Barwood: and roturn of correspondence relating to the dismissal of somo railway employees. The documents (with tho exception of tho first) wero ordered to bo printed. ? .??>???'. ?? . NEW BILLS. . . .Mr. PARKESifave notice of motion: that'ho would, to-morrow, moro that the House will, on-Wednesday next, resolve itself into committee of th* whole, to con- sider tho propriety of bringing in a bill for promoting tho distillation of colonial products ; a bill to abolish tho Ïiôstage rate on nowspapapers ; and à bill.to consolidate ha laws relating to tho insane. 1 : . ; Mr. BUTLER gave notice of motion for introducing a bill for the amondmont of tho Criminal Law. ' ' t . FORMAL MOTIONS.' . ' ... \- The following formal motions wore agreed to : Mr. INNES movod-That this Houso will; on 'Wed- nesday next, 'rcsolvo itself into a committee of tho whole to consider tho propriety of bringing in a bill to make better provision fer the regulation of mining. " . ' 1 ' . " ,Mr. STEWART moved- That leave bb givon to bring in a bill to relievo legal practitioners ? from ' certain re- strictions and to promote their cûjoicnoy. Mr, FORSTER moved-That this HOHBO will, on Friday next, resolve itself into acommitteo of tho wholo to considar tho proprioty of bringing in a bill to regu- lato cemeteries. -.' ??" .?. 1 ?" ."? Mr. FORSTER movod-That leave be given to bring in a bill to regulato tba ndmission of volunteers.- - . Mr. FORSTER moved-That this House will, on Fri day noxt, rcsolvo itsolf into a committeo of tho wholo to consider tho proprioty of bringing in a hill to romovo restrictions upon distillation. - ' Mr. FORSTER movod-That leave bo'givon to'bring in;a. bill to repeal in part tho Superannuation Act of 18C4. ....... . , Mr. TERRY moved-"For leave to bring in a bill to regulate commons. . < '?< ? . - ?> 11 Mr. ROBERTSON movod-That tho petition pre- sented hy him on tho Gili Novombor, frons certain miners' in tho district of Braidwood, respecting a decision giren by tho Minister for Lands relativo to a "mineral BOIOC tion at Togo, ho printed. . ??.?:<.> LEGAL PRACTITIONERS RELTEP BILL. Mr. STEWART brought np a bill to relievo legal practitioners from certain restrictions, and to promote their effioionoy. Tho bill was read a first' timo and ordered to be printed. Tho second reading waa-mode' an order of the day for Friday week. ISth Novembcr.1 FUBLIO ACCOUNTS. ' Mr. SPEAKER stated that ho had received from Mr. Rolleston, Auditor-General, the abstracts of publio accounts for 1871, prepared by the Treasury,' with tbs report of tho Auditor-General. - . Tho assets were ordered to bo printed. .?-..?i' ?( NEW POSTAL CONTRACT VIA SUEZ. ', On tho motion of Mr. Parkes, the Houso went into committee,-Mr. Lackoy being chairman for this day only,-to consider tho Government Message No. 1. ' The message was: thon read by tho Clerk, at the table. It , stated that tho Governor submitted to tho consideration of tho Assembly a proposal of tho Impe- rial Government, iu Lord Kimberley's circular despatch of tho 4th September, .1872, for a new postal contract,' .via Suez : and recommended that provision be modo. to onnblo this colony to join with tho other Australian colonies in tho proposed Berrico. Mr. PARKES said Lord Kimberley had snbmittod to all the Australian colonies a new postal contract for tho service,, via Suez. In order to allow 'suf- ficient timo for. calling for tonders, it was- de- sirable that no unnecessary : dolay should toko placo. It was proposed ?. that in faturo Great Britain should boar the whole cost of convoying; tho mails botwecn England and Point do Gallo, in both directions. And, they invited tho . colonios to. join together in making » contract for convoying tba maila botwecn Point do Gallo and somo port in Australia, which tho, colonies might agrao upon ; towards which tho Imperial Government offorod to contribute L40,000 for:a ionr weekly service and somolbing moro for a fortnightly Borvico. Tho resolution lho was about to ask tho committco to pass was simply to makelthis Government to co- oporato with tho Govornmonts of tho other Australian colonies in calling for tenders'for this sorvico ? ? botwecn Ceylon . and . Australia. Ha moved-"That it is expodient that this colony should co-oporato with the other colonies in inviting tenders for tho conveyance of mails between a port in Australia and Point do Gallo, in accordance with tho proposal of tho Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's .Treasury, tho dotails of agreement to bo determined in a conference of tho sovcral colonies." ' Tho Government of this colony Boma timo ago invited tho Governments of tho othor colonies to a conference to bo held in Sydnoy, on tho subject of postal sorvico and other subjects. That conferanco wonld bo sitting in tho city of Sydney within a month. It would bo necessary for thom to dotcrmino on tho proposition of tho oxpensa to bo borno by each colony. It was expected that tho total sam would not encoed L5O.000 ; so that probably thin colony would havo much less to pay than it had naid hitherto. ' . _, Mr. ROBERTSON said tho hon. member (Mr. Parkes) hud scarcely dealt fairly with tho lato l'ost nuister-Gonoral (Mr. Dookor) and tho lato Government, in Btatiug that thin was tho proposition of tho Imperial Government. In fud what thoy had from tho Imporial Government was tho nccoptanco and approval or Biiuctiou of a proposition mada by tho lato Poslmastcr Osnornl, nnd forwarded by tho lato Government to tho Secrotnryof Stale, Mr. PARKES said, if that was tho coso, ha was not 1 nwnre of it. Mr. ItOllERTSON i Tho hon. mombor would find it in tho 1'arliumontnry roports. Mr. MACLEAY sahl tho Ilonno had had no oppor- tunity jot of forming an opinion on tho subject. Thoy ought to know what thoso who'woro to represent Now South Wnlos in tho Conferonco wero likely tb ask for. Howassuro tho'Housa und'tho'counlry would ho pro pared to affirm that tho ozcellont service thoy lind had should ho continued, and made twlco a monthlnstcail of once. Now South Wnlos ought to insist on tho'steamers coming on hore. It onght to bo made a condition, Ffcethertha service wero four weekly or fortnightly, tbat tho steamers should como to Sydney. They ought 1 Hare had some proposition pat before them. Unless thc made tho other colonies' insist on a fortnight) Berrjoe.This would not prevent their subsidizin other lines. Ho himself 'was in favour of the Sa Francisco mail,-to bo carried by our own steamer! Ho would make tho Pocilio aa Australian os possiult (Hear, hear.) But this resolution, with tho vcr; mcagrA. statement made by tho hon. member (Ur Parkes) would not' help them to that. lt was na fair to ask them to assent to any resolution of th kind. Mr. LLOYD said ii this proposition emanated iron tho last Government, so much tho moro to tho credit of the last Government for having proposed an ar rangement so satisfactory to tho colonies. With re< ferenco to tho hon. mombor (Mr. Mncleay's) remarks, it would bo exceedingly unwiso to stato hero, in' thc Hausa, tho terms upon which they would negotiate with other colonies. Those terms mast bo left to a certain extent to tho Government. And no agreement could bo como to, which did' not havo tho sanction of Parliament. Tho Conference would moot corly in tho month, nnd Parliament would bo sitting nt the timo. It would be oasy to apply to Parliament for their sanc- tion. Wo havo now a Borneo exceedingly woll carried out. The contract was L130.000 for tho service botween Gallo and Sydney, of which these colonies paid half £05,000. Wo havo also to pay a portion of tho coBt of tho Borvico bo twoon England and Point do Gaile. Tho cost varied ovary year, according to tho number of letters carried. Tho total cost of tho sorvico for all tho colonies was Ij£,2n3. Of this Now South Wolcs had to poy L2l,632. The English Government proposod to rolievo them of the L28,000 poid towards the expenses of tho | mail between England and Ceylon, and to five L4O.0OO towardB tho cost of the Berrico botween Gaue and AUB tralia. Tho Honso could not at present diseñes what I ampnnt should bo contributed.' To do so would placo I ns in a very false position in relation to other colonies. Ho had no doubt tho resolution would bo Dossed. Mr. RAPHAËL asked what reason ttiero was ic any such resolution. Thoy were not now under th necessity of having a fortnightly mail. And why shoul thoy support a company in England instead of encourut. ¡og ono of their own ? Great credit was duo to th ? Govornmont for tho prompt steps thoy took to proven our neighbours in Victoria putting poor Now Sout] WOIOB in tho background. They would soon hayo i fortnightly mail with San Francisco. Somo years ago when thc P. and O. Company's stonmor wa lost, a steamer of tho A.S.N. Company went out and brought in the mail. Ho did not soo wb; we should not patronizo our own steamers in preferenci ! to these of other countries. Ho{wns thoroughly a frei ' trader, in favour of every man buying nod Bolling when I he thought fit. With regard to tho cost it was trivia compared to the benefits derived. I Mr. LUCAS bald tho hon. tho Postmastcr-Goncra' , stated that tho House must trust tho Government. He (Mr. Lucas) was prepared to trust them further than thoy wished to trust themselves. Ho thought that thoj made a groat mistako by tabling this motion, for it wo; asking tho House to do the Government's duty. Thc Govornmont wore paid to do the business of tho country, and thoy appoint a Conference to meet in Sydney. They should havo prepared the moasurcB to bring before that conferoneo, and then como to tho House to ratify them. Tho hon. member (Mr..ParkeB) asked tho Honso to consent to n motion which th«y had nothing at all to do with. It WRS relieving tho Govornmont of responsibility which thoy should tako npon thoir own shoulders, and not ult tho House, to take. A House should not rcceivo a motion of this sort from any Government. As tho motion was brought before tho Houso, howovor, ho hoped tho Govornmont would not entor into any arrange- ment for a long period of time, bocauso wo have tho elcotrio telegraph ; and tho timo is approaching when wo havo a right to get rid of these mail subsidies. (Hoar, hear.) Concerning the intolllgenco rccoivod by tho telegraph the communications rccoivod by tho daily papers wore of very littlo importance. [Mr. STKWAKT: Not at all.) Ho certainly thought if tho editors of newspapers ' pay very largely for tho "tele- graphic Communication, thoy pay very dearly for it. Tho public will sae that this ocean mail servico shonlil bo ¡left to_private competition. Thoro was a timo when news of importance was kopt back for threo or four days, and was of great consequence : but now, when wo "havo nows in twenty-four hours from England, who will care muoh about tho nows by tho mail. Wo Bhall havo what is of importance somo fifty or sixty days before the nows arrives in detail. As long as wo' havo tho results, it matters not whothor tho dotails arrive bora three or four days carly or lato. If tho Govern- ment enter into arrangements, they would do woll to confino the arrangements to as Bhort ' a period as pos. Bible; and ho hoped thoy would riot consent to any .arrangement by whichtho service would terminât o in Victoria, because it appeared to him that it would bring littlo good to Now South Wales, if tho steamers stayod away from our colony. It would bo wall for tho hon. tho Premior to withdrnw'tho motion, and tako tho whola responsibility upon tho Government and tho Exo cntivo Council.- Let tho Government enter into any arrangement they like, and thon.coma down to tho House. It-might woll bo left in tho hands 'of tho Government, seeing that they havo hitherto been so clover and successful in their nee-otinlinnn. "Mr". BUCHANAN said that tho only mnttor bofori tho Houso was, ia thora any nocossity for thia motion i Dp tho Government require to attond tho Conforoncn i Could they attend without tho resolution hoing pressed i Ha maintained that tho Government could co to thc Conference, and do whnt they liked thorn, without tho sanction of thia House nt nil, This motion wns'cquivn. lent to asking: tho Houso for thoir sanction before they can go. They cnn go to this Confcronco and do what they chooso fwithont this ¡¡resolution. . In tb» moan "timo thoy do not toll us whnt thoy aro going to do, but merolynsk tho Houfo to pass this' resolution, which is unnecessary, and thcroforo it should bo negatived. Ho should vota against it. It was no part of his duty then to touoh upon tho question : it would bb timo enough to dp so whon.tho Government, after having attended tho Conference, cornea to tho Parliament to say what thoy havo dono. . ? Mr. MACLEAY Baid thnt ho did not riso boonuso ho had any objection to tho Govornmont conferring with tho other colonies in or der to 'bring about an arrange- ment upon this matter, but it was because an npponl was made to this HOUBO to ? givo: special power-and ho believed it was not required-obviously, ho eoncoived, with tho intention of committing the ' Houso to any arrangements tho Government might como to. ' [Mr. INNBS Î No.1 Ho did not think tho Honso should" bo committed that way 5 and Ministers did not renuiro power to confer in a matter of this kind. This Honso should not bo 1 asked to pledge itself to anything tho Government might do. . Ho hoped, for tho sake of. tho interests of tho oountry, tho Ministers wore in fnvour of a fortnightly sorvico by way of Sues, and of insisting ?upon tho stotimers coming to Sydney. Tho Government would not toll tho Honso oven that. Thoy asked tho HOUBO for nuthorlty to act, and if thoy maka a moBs of I these arrangements thoy would como to tho HOUBO. and insist that thoy wore pledged by this motion- to ndopt t any arrangements thoy might moko. (Oh I) That was i tho menning of it; Ho was dasirous of seeing this arrangement made, but ho did not know that ho was at all advancing that arrangement by agreeing to anything tho Ministers might do without knowing their opinions on tho Bubicct. Ho shonld vote ncainstthn motion. Mr. PARKES »nid .ho was rory mtieh surnriscu ac tho cooria tho hon; member's objection hud taken. It must be apparent to orery hon. member that tho Go- vernment could scarcoiy hopo to negotiate BUOOCBBfully if thoy wont to a conference of representatives of tho colonias with their hnnds' bonnd up in any particular way. # Supposo for oxampto that tho whole of - tho fivo colonies concerned carno with conditions, that' thoy would only consent to certain stipulated term's, it would bo utterly impossible for any arrangement what- ever to bo mada. For this Government to nay thnt they must insist upon this, that, or tho other, would ?imply place thom, in tho position cf their neighbours, who Ead already stated in tho Parliament thnt Mel- bourn shall bo tho termination of thiB' line. Anil ho thought this Govornmont wero porfcclly justified in protesting against any such arrangement ns' thnt. (Hoar, hear.) It ought to bo known by tho'courso taken by tho Govornmont already-which was n Bufii ciont guarantee-that thoy would look after tho interests of Sydnoy and tho colony. They asked tho ABsombly to givo thom tho Bnpport of its authority in acting in combination with tho other colonies; and it waa ? tho moro requisito ' to seeing tho courso which has been taken by ono of tho colonies. It was'moro ncccsary that thoy should hnvo tho support of Parliament in considering tho quostlon with tho whola of tho colonies, so that t ho concludion como to might bo a brond federal ono to all tho colonies concerned. Thcro is no uso of the nnlnninn nw thu» tm. loss thoir respectivo claims bo considered. Jtwgaruing tho terminus of tho lino, if, whon all aro Bittm» in I .onforonco, it should appear that Sydnoy ls appointed hy nature as tho terminus mOBt advantageous to tho wholo of tho colonies, it is opon to tho voices of tho I other colonies; and wo should not dictato be- forehand. Tho course thoy had, taken ' . vras not an unusual ono, they did not shrink from thoir : responsibility, but they asked Parliament to ngroo to j their acting;. Thoy muBt como lo tho Hound nitor.'! wards to puns a law for tho subsidy td ' bo paid,' end it was utterly impossiblo for thom to fettor tho Houto. Thoy asked tho Houso to givo thom that support that they thought thoy woro fairly entitled to do, and they woro propr-rod to do tho host thoy Could to promolo tho interrmta oft his country in a harmonious nrraugoment with tho other colonies. : S jfi) , Mr. HOSKINS askod whether tho Government of Victoria would bo represented at tho Conforonco. 1 Mr. PAJUCES anid that tho Viotorinn Government had oxprcssod thoir earnest doslro to bo represented at tho Conference, but, thoy havo stated, that some Incon- venience will nriso unions their Parliament ? is' pro itjraoa on tho 6th December. ' [ Mr. FORSTER said bo was not rare that tho I Governm«nt was justly to bo blamed for submitting EOtro such motion as this. No doubt it had been tho practico of- Governments for a long time past' to hair tho concurrence of tho House in regard to a vote of thia sort, and ho thought ho might instance several cases whero resolutions of this kind hare bcon submitted. ¡ Thcro could bo no doubt that it has been a common Eraotico in the IIOUBO of Commons. This resolution, pwever, tros open to tho charge of tho hon. mombcr for Murrumbidgee,-that it waa loo vague. It was either asking too much, or it was utterly useless. If the resolution wcro to givo tho Government full powor to nogbtiato in all respects to form tho treaty themselves, what then WOB tho objoct of tho resolution unless ic were to imply some anticipated proof of what the Government may do, whatever it may bo. On tho other hand, if as they woro told, tho result of the contract made was to bo submitted to tho HOUBO thon it appeared to him, tho House was performing a wrong; function al togo thor. It would bo botter for the Honso to wait till that contract be submitted. .He did net feol in clincd to tako axception to tho resolution entirely on that accouut, and it appeared to him that it exhibited a want of precision-it contained no stated amonnt. He was almost inclined to think it amounted to a violation of tho Sith section of tho Constitution Act. if they should bo asked to consider a massaga of this kind. Ho did not remember any instnnco of a messngo coming down to tho Houso that did not cover a prpcise sum of money. If tho Houso committed itself to this resolution thoy would violato tho Constitution Act because thoy would allow tho Government to toko upon themselves ontircly tho regulation of an amount which ought to ba submitted to tho Houso, who should rcgu- ' late all expenditure Both tho message and tho resolu- tion, ho thought, trenched upon tho functions of the ' Honso in a remarkable manner, and rendered it (langerons for tho Houso to conourwith it. Ho could not ngrco altogether with the romarks that wo ought to employ our own colonial steamers. That was not only taking a somewhat narrow viow of the proper functions of tho Government in inviting tondors for n service of this kind, but it would bo nskine tho House to sanction i a' proposal which in effect would bo almost impracti- cal-lo. Sucl] a proposal was nt variance with a liberal spirit and with a proper ocononial spirit that ought to bo shown in arrangements of this kind. The Berrico ought to bo open to tho world ; for if wo determino on snch a sorrico hs tin's ha thought wo aro bound in tho interests of tho colony and tho onipiro to seo that it bo done in tho mott economical, expeditious and effeetivo innnnor. That ran only bo dona by inviting tenders from all parta of tho world. Ho was afraid that ho ' should bo accused of being unpopular when he taid that he did not altogether concur in tho censures heaped upon tho Government of Victoria, for tho COUTBO thcr havo taken in this matter, nor did ho seo that much credit, was duo to tho Government of this colony for trying to intercept them. They did right no doubt, but in whut way did tho Government of Victoria lay themselves open to tho kind of Inngungo mentioned in these despatches ; in what way did tho Government of Victoria do this business "bohiud tho hacks of tho other colonies*'-a kind of slang expression that Bccmcd to imply that thoy bad acted in a fraudulent and sccrot man nor P They acted - with great expedition, no doubt, and it might bo that thoy had acted with an unduo regard to their «ira intcrost ¡ but wo aro only angry because wo did not do> : the sumo thing. "Wc try to do tho «ame, and in what respect aro they to bo blamed P This matter should bo .. treated from a cosmopolitan point of view ; tho servio©, - should ho properly carried ont, and the proporport. tov:, ba tho terminus of tho lino should bo selected. Ho fully , admitted tho very .groat difficulty of making arrange- , ? menta or of arriving nt negotiations with any other, Government on a question of this sort, and, therefore, he waa not disposod to criticise very greatly., Tho amount, however, should hnvo bcon put ia tho reso- . lut ion, and tho Houso should havo known to what extent tho Government were likely to go. < "But :' he felt bound to oppoBO tho resolution ' on totnlly different grounds. ' He was ono of thoso who aro inclined to endorse the viows enunciated in part by tho hon. mombor for Canterbury (Mr. Lucas) who expressed tho opinion that tho timo had arrived when it was right to consider that theso subsidie» should no longer bo granted. Ho thought tho timo hos como when theso interests, important ns they aro, whether rightly or wrongly subsidised before, should now bo nllowcd to stnnd upon their own lcgB, nnd go without tho money of the Government. (Oh 1 oh 1 nnd hear, hoar.) Ho believed tho colony will very soon begin to seo thnt thoso subsidies, howover beneficial thoy might bo, aro wrong in principe!. Ho hnd always boen doubtful whether it wcro right, to grant subsidies, therefore, ho would now express his opium to a further extent against tho granting of nnyotbor subsidy. He hnd not been dis posed- knowing that ho was not likely to havo tho support of hon. members of tho Houso-to alter existing contracts ; but now. when now contracts aro to bo issued, it was right for tho ' House to consider b:foro rushing into any contract, and it was timo when they chould como to tho conclu- sion that thcoo subsdies aro no longcrneccssary. Ho was not unwilling to pay for mails, and payt liberally ; bnt this subsidy is ono obviously intondod to assist tho' transit-tho couvculcneo-ot nnssongcrs to and frc* to próvido convenient vessels, in ordor that rióh pooplo may travel backwards and forwards. Tho main of tho pooplo do not benefit from thoso subsidies. Ho hold it to bo,-to Bomo extent, nt variance with-, freo trado. It was Bolccting npnrlicuhir olnss to roocivo aid out of tho treasury, why not sub.- iillr.o tho Parramatta steamers and tho Huntor River t'.-'amcrs. All theso steamers rendered service analog IIB to that rondored1 by tho P. and O. stenmeri. Mr. ItOJUiSIt'1'SU.N saul ha was not inclined to mamo tho Government for proposing this resolution. On going into tho confcrcnc, they would bo in a bettor position with this resolution, than if no sunli resolution had boon pnBscd. Ho could not thcrcforo tnlio any captions ' . objection to tho courno taken hy tho Ministry.'. But thora was somotbidgmoro wanted. Ho intended to : ' moTO ns nn amendment tho addition of tho following ' words : " to bo binding on this colony, howovor, olny on receiving tho approval of tho Parliament." Hiahon' frioml tMr. Vorster) hardly mndo out his objections to' subsidies. "With regf.rd to ibo mails in tho interior, it ' had boon tba practica to pay a higher sum for tho con- veyance of mails with a vehicle than with horses. That was Bomothing liko a subsidy to a passenger lino. And ho lind, thought there would ba a propriety in subsidising telegraphy between, all tho countries with which we havo commercial relat ions and this colony. Wo should lot oinoro than wa gain by tho telegraph, if it was cntlroly in tho handB of a number of capitalists, who might raako a bad uso of it. Ho thought tho Government should consider, whether it waa safe to entrust these telegraph lines in tho hands of any newspaper or set of newspapers,- with- out providing that information affecting tho in toréete of tho whola people should come through primarily under tho dircatiou of tho Government. -It might bo said that every man may pay ns ho likcB, for his information'; To allow nows of tho value, of wool, coppor, meat, : cereals, anti of all fluctuation:! of trade, to bo in tho hands' of a nownpnper firm j BO that thoy might, during hourn and hours, profit by that: information,-was "not wisb. If theso linos belonged to tho newspapers it would bo right enough for thom to uso thom as thoy chose. But ns these- lines wera pub]io property, tho * Government would do well to sccuro that information profitable, to tho whole people, nnd Bhoulilibo furnisher', without cost, to tho pooplo. Ito thought that in thu sanio way in which tho arrival of vessels in Molbourno and Bri6bn.no woro stuck up, day af tor day, in ono tolo graphio officn ? so tho prices of nrtides might be put up for tho interest'of tho people. (Hour, hoar.) No donbt groat chongos would como over tho modo of communier tion throughout tho world. Ho would soonor soo what amount of monoy they had to spend upon tho postal sorvKnv given to snhsidizo telegraphic communication. This was a matter worthy ? of ' tho consideration of tho Government. To-morrow, wcol might bo up or dowu, and an iutcrcst affootod which yiciilod three millions of money a> year.' Ho did not '' think it well that tho proprietors of tho Sydney Mom- ' '. ing .HcraM-^honornblo mon «s they- woro-should lo " cnnblodto hnvo thoso lines all to themselves. In tho interest of the peoplo of thia country,' tho Govcrbmont. " should put themselves into communication 'with the '' other colonies, nnd lmvo nu ofllco established in landon - ' for tho purrioso of furnishing UIÍB kind of information. When necessary, thora might bo a conf oronco with tho " Agcnt-Gcnoral of this colony. Ho would" Uko that thia I matter Bhould have some.consideration, But that wns no reason why thay should not pass this resolution. Ho waa dcairons that whoaver was ' in' tho Govarnmont ' should hnvo full rower to act in tho interest'of this ' colony. Ho moved tho amandmont abovo stated. I Mr. PARKES Baid ho lind not tho slightest'objoo > tion to tho amendment. AR to tho oxpodionoy of subsi 1 dising tho national telegraph, ho thaught suoii a cdurso I wouldload to eiiormouB mlsoblof.' For unlessthoGoVern mcnt on its own responsibility, oollcotod its information I and had offices in London, Liverpool, Hamburgh, lind ' .New ïork, .whioh would bo oxtromoly costly ; ' it would, load to 'this misohiof i- Tho price» '?. would bo reported in tho Exchnngo, on tho authority of tho Govornmont, 'and would bo received «a rtuthchtlo ; so that thoro would ba ovory indncoment in other pnrtn ! of tho world to mislead tho agents of ¡ tho Government . 1 Tho errors committed by tho-Govcrnmont would hnvo I infinitely ' moro forco than errors rando by n prívalo ' firm. ' '?' IMr. BURNS said this question had already boon cr.ti sidorcd in Molbourno; and it was very probable lint: this wi s ona of the questions that might bo considered at tho forthcoming Canfcronco, If tho Government I woro to supply tolographio information, it'wonld lessen tho necessity for frequent mail service. For instanoo, i if this uso woro mndo of tho tologrnph.a monthly sorvico 1 might havo boon found quito Bnfflciont, without a fort- ' sightly aorvico, Ho (Mr. Burns) thought tho resolu- tion unnecessary, but' with tho amendment it could not bo objectionable. . Mr. ROBERTSON said a deputation had waited on tho Poatmostcr-Gonoral ot Victoria nliout a fortnight altor hu (Mr. "Robertson) had brought the matter before the House hero. ' AU over British India they hid this' kind ot information oironlatod by tho Governm'jnt. It would be a great protection to trade. Mr. STEWART said it was a matter of very little consequence, whether Ministers submitted their resoln- . tion or not, orwhotbor they, had power to attend the conferonoo or not. But it was of great im . pórtanos that tho Houso should decido whe- ther they should hare any subsidy at all. .¿hey o-inld do very well without this service. They did not get nows in less than iifty-oipht days, and it was twenty-eight days between tho mails, making eighty-six days. Now whoa thoy depended on sailing vessels they had ono every week, and almost every day. They did not want this quick sorvico, especially now that thoy had tolographio communication with England. There wcro very few persons who nocded to write every month to their friends in England. Tho rest of tho people had to pay for the bonofit of a few. He did not soo why Melbourne should not bo tho ter- minus of tho mnil service. Thoro wore plenty of steamers to bring on the mails. Ho saw no ground for this shopkeepers* joalonsy of "Welbourne. Ho would recommend tho Government to uso tho telegram for publia information. They should use short hand telegraph. By spending L50.000 in this way, they would bo encouraging a noblo enterprise. Whatever way they votod on this question would not bo of much importance. If they must continno subsidising steamors, thoy did not rcquiro two services, ona by San Francisco and ono by Gallo. And ho thought that by San Francisco ought to bo proforrod. It connected thom with a muoh larger population, and u population speaking the samo language as our own. Mr GARRETT was opposed to the original motion and also to the amendment. Thoro was no necessity for tho proposed fortnightly mail. [Mr. PAUSES.: It is not proposed to have a fortnightly mail.] But that was what tho Imperial Government proposed. That was what the Melbourne Government had gone in for. Thoy had taken on themselves tho responsibility. Lot thom do the business in thoir own way. Then all we should "have to do would bo to subsidise the A.S.N. steamers'to Wait ia Melbourne and bring on our mails. As for this Conforonce, tho Government would ho degraded by it ; "bscauso Governments which they invited had refused to attend. Tho Victorian Government had mado up their. minds that Melbourne should bo tho torminus of the line, and that the would carry it out in thoir own way. Now it was proposed that this Assembly should ba dragged down to tho foot of Victoria. What necessity was tharo for this motion? or for tho. amendmentP Tho only effect would be to throw tho Ignominy of re- jecting tho proposals upon this Assembly instead of upon thc Government. If it wero left to tho people of this conn try to docido, they would almost unanimously declare that the sorvico should not bo subsidised. They did not look'with any anxiety now for tho mail nows. Of tho two services, that by way of California was much tho most valuable If we stuck to tho San Francisco line alone, Viotoria might keep np tho Suez lino, and by and by Quoonsland would establish tho Torres Straits lino. Wo aro moro ooneirned with the San Francisco lino which con naoted us with Now Zealand. Tho House ought not to hs so ready to follow tho Colonial-Secretary, who had. lot tho colony into a loss of L200,000 or L300.000 on the service by the isthmus of Panama. If each colony took care of its own lino,, reciprocal benefits would bo conferred. As for subsidizing telegraphs, that subject required great consideration befora thoy noted. Even j Beater's telegrams wero somatimes abused. And how muoh more frequently would eur Government bo im posed on. Tho nmcndinout ivas carried ; and the motion, as amended, vms passed on divisiou, tho votes being nyes B 35,noos8. The minority against tho resolution consisted of Messrs. Forstor, Garrott, Stewart, Lucas, Buchanan, Cunneon, Abbott, and Warden. Tho Chairman left tho chair, and reportad tho reso- lution to tho House. The resolution was received, read a first and second timo, and agreed to. " « HISTORY-PUBLIC SCHOOLS. Mr.', BUCHANAN moved--1. " That, in tho opinion of this House, tho exclusion of history from tho subjoots taught in our Public schools is a serious dofect which ought to be removed without delay. 2. That tho Government ought to adopt such measures as it deems ueeessary to introduco into all schools subsidised from tho public funds of this country a system of instruction in history, particularly tho history of England. 3. That tho nbovo resolutions bo communicated by address to his Excollenoy tho Governor." .Ho felt somewhat surprisod to find himself in this ern and in this place rising; to make such a motion as this. Ho never could imagine how a school systom should exclude ono of tho most important branches of knowledge. Ho was in utter ignoranco of this dofect in tho Public sohool system until ho - saw it iu tho publia Press in a . oorrospondeaoa botweon two gontloinan. All theso boys und girls in tho public schools aro grow- ing up with no knowlodgo of that branch of education, without which they can scarcoly understand anything. JBy tno rublio Schools Act, tho Council of Educntion aro left to decido upon the subjoots to ba taught in tho Publia Schools, and submit thom to Farliamont, where, if they aro not objected to within a certain limo, thoy bacoma law. Ho was living in tho happy ignoranco of the omission of this subject (history; in tho Public Schools system, until bo saw this correspondence Dr. Bndham had stated it to be a groat defect in the system of oducation to leave out this study of history. Ho pronounces it as a fatal dofoot. While ho had stated this beforo a committee of this House, Mr. Wilkins, secretary of the Public School Board, writes to tho Herald, stating that history is not a subjeot necessary, to bo taught in tho Publia schools, and' ho quoted from four authors who pooh-poohed the subject of history. This quotation is answered by Mr. Badham that their description of what tho study of history is was a heart- less one. Ho (Mr. Buchanan) would say that it was both a hoartloss. and a hoadless system of teaching to ho without history in tho schools. Mr. Wilkins lot tho cat out of tho bag as to the reason why history was not taught in tho sohools, by asking Dr. Badham how could a person give a lecture in a mixed community Uko this on tho Battlo of tho Boyne P That brings us to tho conolusion that it is in deference to sectarianism that this branoh of knowledge is exolnded from tho Public ? schools. :.He (Mr. Buchanan) would like to ask Mr. WilkinB what Protestant would like to hoar about tho Massacre of St. Bartholomew P But Protestants do not caro what they hoar of in history ; they obtain tho knowledge. He complained that no Gorcrninont among us hare the courage to say to tho Romanists, " wa will teach that whioh will conduce to tho olovation of onr people, and we will teach' this in spite of you.". It was a very hard thing that Protestants should bo prevented from having their sons and daughters in- structed in history, and that this should bo in dofar- enco to the other stet. It is utterly impoBsiblo to understand literature, ospeoinlly biography, without a knowledge of history. It is tho key to knowledge This branoh of < knowledge is oxcluded, and our peoplo aro turned out of our'schools utterly ignorant. This' absenca of history in tho school system, loads to a pre- judice in tho minds of tho children against tho reacting of history. It would bo almost presumptuous for him to Bupposo that any hon. mèmbor of this HOUBO did not appreciate history as ho (Mr. Buchanan) did. Ho road a fongthv extract from an ablo writer on tho subjeot of history.'and its raino ns a study. ".Properly studied," tho author said, "history should onablo him to undor ?fcaud tho coursa of his own inner lifo, of tho domestio eirolo. in whioh ho is placed, tho social lifo around him, and tho general lifo of humanity." Dr. Priostloy in his " Laotures upon . History" advocates tho teaching of history fas ona of the most valuablo engines in ' education that can bo possibly Imaginad. He said " without a compotont knowlodge of history, no person eon bo competent to Borvo his country except in tho lowest capacity," and quotes Opinions of Lord Bolingbroke on tho valno of the study ot history. . History might bo called " anticipated exporionco." This was addressed by Dr. Priostloy to boys and girls. And surely, if history was so valu- able a means of instruction, tho soonor they bogan tho study of it, tho bottor. But hero they turned out thoir boys and girls with a prejudice against history, ns n soälod .book. . No ? works. of Ifiction wero ' equal. to tho interest of history. [Mr. STEWART: Most, history is romanoo.I J Any ono could say that, But no ono ivno lind investigntod history would Bay BO. Ho supposed it was . a ; romaneo : that ono of tho kines of England had ..boon beheaded ; and that ono of tho J modt nblo mon that over lived took his placo and raised Englnnd to tho highest pitch of glory. On historical passages that had boen disputod, thoy had tho truth at last from an unerring hand,. the hand of Thomas Carlyla, whoso works producod a BOUSO of enchantment, that thoy looked for in rain from any other source. He then rofarrod to Professor Huxley, whoso ideas, of aduoation would Bomowhat astonish thoir friond Wilkins. Ha road a poosago from Huxley, speaking of tho fresh- ness of the world to every man, of tho instruction Nature gires us all. Tho world is full of untold novel- I ties for him who has oyos to soo them. Nature's Uni varsity is tho Universo i of which wo nil aro mombors, nature having no tost Aot. Tho question of compulsory education was sottlod iu nnturo'a law long ago. Tho man who would not learn must bo exterminated. With natura lt was not a word and a blow, and tho blow first, -but a blow without n word. He (Professor Huxley) also said tho olorgy wore roally onomios to oduontion ; because thoy know thnt education would put an md to thoir jugglery. For ton years, whilo. a munificent sum was offorod by Par- liament for tho oducation of tho people, tho grand work .had boon lunderod by tho contentious of tho olorgy a» to what kind of oduontion,should bo given. At length enlightenment had sprung up, had sot tho olorgy at dofianco, and " given Oducation to tho people. Conso- I qnontly the olorgy woro sitting in sackcloth ond nahes, j Huxloy stated that ho hud doll vereda lecture boforo a ' largo company of clergymen ; and was attacked with ; all tho vohomonce of pious zeal. He said tho clergy ] \ wore divided inti throo sections, an immense body who ?wore ignorant, and spoke out) a smaller number who know and . would not speak the truth ; and a small minority who know and spoak according to their know- ledge By the clergy ho meant the Protestant clergy. Tho great antagonist of scienco, tho Roman Catholic Church, managed her affairs botter. Ho' (Mr. Buohanan) said it would bo well it men would follow such a leader ns Profossor Huxley. It was tho duty of this Houso to stand forward, and say that this branch of knowledge, (history), Bhould not bo excluded from thoir Publio Hchools. It was dcplorablo that history should bo excluded. It was not done in other countries. In this country, not only was history ox cludod from our Publio schools, but; from our Univer- sity. They had tho Government in doferenco to the prejudices of a soot, excluding,history not only from tho sohools, but oven from tho University. Ho appoalod to tho Houso, by all their aspirations and hopes, not to rejoot thiB motion. Lot tho country ontsido know that tho Parliament said a wrong had boen dono to tho youth of this country by excluding history from their cmrUulum. Mr. PARKES thought it is duty-to ask tho Houso to opposa those resolutions. Ho thought the Bneoch of the hon. inembor (Mr. Bnohanan) was ono of tho greatest romances thoy woro likaly to hoar this sossion. Where was the uso of speaking of Groto's "History of Greoco"-of Carlyle's ''.Frederic tho Groat"-of Macaulay's " History of England." Ho (Mr. Buchanan) knew that it would bo impossible to introduce these booka into the Publio school. If tho hon. mem- ber's motion had stopped . at tho first twenty words, thoy must all have subscribed to that. THO exclusion of history was a great dofect ; but it was ona of thoso defects which seemed to bo insoparablo from ñon-seotárian schools. (Hoar, hear.) What wero tho publio schools ? Sohools framed so as to bo oponed alika to Christians, Jows, Protestants, and Boman Catholic*. Tho peculiar merit of these sohools was that thoy wore non-sectarian. If that was tho reputad excel- lence of these schools ; to pass the resolution, and to act upon it, would bo to destroy thoso schools ; to ren- der thom unsafe for the purposes for which they were established. All books wore written by individual human minds. And one man describes a king or quean as transcendently good ; another represented tho same King or Quoon as trancendontly evil. How could thoy introdtico such historios, without tho danger of split- ting up tho schools altogether? It was nttorly im- possible to introducá any historical narrativo that would not reader it impossiblo to continuo tho schools. Ho would have thought tho hon. member (Mr. Buchanan) was making a speech in support of denominational oducation. One would suppose ho wished to compol parents lo send thoir children tc. liston to teachings whioh, thoy dotcsted. Tho Public - sohóols invited all children to meat on common ground. The hon. member instanced a number of high authorities. ' But ho (Mr. 'Parkes) . failed to perçoive what reasons any of them gavo. for tba intro- duction of history into olomentary schools. Thoy did not allow that this could bo dono, without offending; tho just religious prejudices of tho parents of these children. Ho (Mr. Parkes) had heard Mr. Carlyle say that ali tho' written Histories of England were littlo botter than 1 misrepresontations of thn facta of English History. As nn inatanco, English children, ever since the Revo- lution, had been taught, by tho accepted histories, to detest the nama of Cromwell It was only the other day, that tho reputation of that great man was rescued from tho .misrepresentations cost upon him. . If they could got a narrativo freo from all these sectarian pre- judices, it would bo well to introduce it. Bat such a narrativa doos not J exist. And Government would fail in getting suoh a narrativa written. That being so, ho was extremely sorry that he would have to voto against tho resolutions. Ho was sorry bo cause tho exclusion'of history was a defpet, but it was a defect that was unavoidable unless it wera remedied ns ho had said. Ho,wished that tho hon. member would withdraw tho motions, and bo satisfied with having ven- tilated the súbjoot ; and not compel tho House to vote against them. If thoy were acted upon thoy must pro duco great danger and misohiof to the Public schools : if they, wera not noted upon thoy would simply add another to'the doad, letters in tho proceedings of tho Assembly.. Tho omission has existed now nearly five and twenty years , ago, from the commence- ment of the Board of National Education hero. Tho exclusion of history commenced then, when tho commencement of non-sectarian schools commenced. Tho Board of National Education commoncod horo owing tb tho oxertions of tho prcsont Chancellor of tho Exchequer in England; and ho waa aman ontirely non sootarian. In tho interests of thoso public schools ho (Mr. ParkoB), asked tho Houso to opposo thoso resolu- tions because in not doing so thoy would endanger to a very largo extent tho SUCCOBB of thoso schools in their operation in tho direction, and in which wa desire them to operate in bringing^ within thoir walls tho child- ren of nil classes of society. air. »XJüWJLUi sam mat it too non. member tor tuo Western Gold-fioldB had known moro about Publio BOIIOOIB than bo, seomod to do, he would not have brought ithe motions forward. History could not be taught in tba Publie schools. There was not time to do it. The average timo of children romaining at these Publia schools was ten years, and during that period the time was taken up in learning reading, writing, and arithmetic, with a few incidental things, which ho read. Af tor this timo of ten yours the children generally had to go out to work. At this timo, too, if tho children want moro knowlcdgo, they can get it : they are school- masters in themselves. Tho tendency of tho object 16B sons, tho geography lessons, and others, was such as to elevate considerably, and different to anything taught in the higher schools. Tho Publia Schools Act provided that an clemontary edueition shall bs taught in tho sohools, and therefore if anything further ia taught it is going beyond the law. _ If anything is to succeed ele- mentary education, it is certainly not history-history as it is now. It takes a full-grown mon to understand history. .History can be very well dispensed with until tho boy or girl wishes to Btudy it themselves. If ho wore asked what book would bo boat to placo in the hands of a boy or girl, ho would say a dictionary-a dic- tionary of the English language, before history. Ho held, in his hand a copy ot Collins' " Illustrated , National Pronouncing Dictionary," containing 25,000 ; words, and n book that might be obtained for eixponco each, wholosalo, and would be ? great ¡ ndvantago if. introduced to the Public sohools.1 If no better usa could bo modo of tho University than . now, thoy had batter ropoal the Aot. -The University , was an incongruity with our political institutions. If the hon. member (Mr. Buchanan) really desired to advance the causo of publio education, ho should have callod attention to tho obstruction caused by tho Denominational sohools. , Those Denominational sohools wera of no good to tho children, or to their parents ; but they wero of groat use to tho ecclesiastical authori- ties. That was all. Tho Denominational sohools ought to bo turned into Publio sohools. Ho hoped tho hon. momber (Mr. Buchanan) would withdraw tho motion. , It would be misunderstood. ¡ M. í Ulta J. li;lt did noe think the question hod boon 'Satisfactorily disposed of. He carno to this discussion with a strong fooling in favour of thoso resolutions. But what ho had hoard had considerably modified his viows ; nnd ho rose to ask the Houso to tako a medium oonrse. The speooh of tho hon. member (Mr. Buchanan) was a rambling ono. Tho speeches that f ollowod wero not, howovor. muoh moro satisfactory. , Tho hon.- and learned member (Mr. Buchanan) had boon, perhaps, carried away by enthusiasm, and no ono would charge tho hon. member (Mr. S towart) with enthusiasm. (A laugh.) The ¡hon. Premier had spokon of romaneo, but there was no greater author. of romances than the hon. member (Mr. Parkes). Thoy,nil remem- bered thu romaneo of- tho Kiama Ghost.. (Laughter.) Tho bon. member . (Mr. Buchanan) < lind < not duly aoknowlodgod tho real difficulties of tho quoslion. j He WOB surprised to hear tho hon.. mombor (Hr. Stewart) indulge in so vulgar a strain in tho depreciation of one of tho highest branches af study. ' Ho (Mr. Forstor) could not understand tho feelings of a mon who could stand on tho throshold of tho mysteries of history, and not feel awo and-rovcronco, aud a longing to explore tho darkness of thoso mysteriös. , (Hoar, hoar.) Ho could not understand how any man oould toko part in tho publio' affairs of . his country without sarao knowledgo of tho doods and thoughts and words of .thoso ivho lind procodod him. ; (Hoar, hear.) In Hcavon's nama, how woro thoy to understand politics without history? "What was tho groat benefit of such a form of government ns wo havo ? It was chiefly tho onormous impulso froo institutions givo to tho human mind. And .how would thoy understand tho uso of thoso institutions, without knowlodgo of history. Tho hon. mombor would havo tho minds of thoir youth an cn tiro .blank in regard to nil tho post. Nothing was moro remarkable than tho great fight which tho ro- seáronos of. the greatest men of onr age waro making into tho history of thousands and thousands of years of ' the past : and, tho avenues they woro cutting into past history. , (Cheers,) Education without history is. odu- cation with an enormous gap, that deprives it of a groat deal of its valuo. Ho (Mr. Forstor) admitted tho groat difficulty in tho way of introducing history into tho publio schools. Thsro was much forco in tho re- marks of the Colonial Socrotary. It was obvious that a ?Tow, ora Pagan would writo adiffcront history of Christ to what u Christian would write The acts aud proceed- ings of tho two grout bodies, tho Arians and Trini- tarians woro described in différant ways by tho his- torians of tho timos. Then tho histories of tho Albl Sonsos and Wnldonsos wero dcscrlhod very ^differently y Roman Catholics and Protestants. Tho massacro of St. Bnrtholoinaw was condemned by Roman Catholics nf I this day. And ' it was not altogothor on ' religious grounds, but on political gronndB that that mensuro took placo. All theso facts showed' tho. enormous 'difficulty of placing in tho hands . of a child n history that would not bo otTonslvo to his pnronts. Tho obnoxiousness of'historical hooks woro not altogothor tho fault of tho Roman Catholics. Tho objections came from vnrious sides. But thor* was ono point which had been altogether overlook. Ho found in V tho Blue Book, a tremendous inconsistency with the arguments of tho Colonial Soorotary, and tho system ho defends. Ha found by the Bluo Book-that they had in thaso schools Scriptum lessons. What wera thoso Scriptura lessons bat history,-and history much moro objectionable, from a sectarian point of .view, than tho books axoludod from» tho Publio schools. Ho was told thon when soma of thoso lessons Iwero read, chil- dren of Jaws and Roman Catholics wero sont out of tho room. In teaching his own children, ho (Mr. Forstor) was caroful to toll them not to bolioro all thoy road in histories ; but to comparo ono with another, and elimi- nate tho truth ; and ho hoped that in timo that kind of reading would produco some conception pf tho facts that wero so much distorted in different histories. Children whoso parents could well afford to pay well for their teaohing, wore taught, almost for nothing, in the Publio Bchools. And if they went on raising the standard of education in thoso schools, thoy wonld have moro and more people getting thoir children educated at tho expoaso of tho State ; and then, instead of spending their money in tho noblest way thor could spond it, in dovel oping tho mind, of their childron-(hear, hoar)-thoy weuld spend it in moro selfish gratifications. Ho thought a great mistake was mado in passing tho Education Act. His (Mr. Forstor'B) idoa was that tho Council ot Education should admit religious instruction. That was thoir highest and best function. Thoy should ad- mit as much roligious instruction as might ba admitted without being obnoxious to paronts of tho childron. But tho appointment of teachers should bo in tho hands of tho Exocutive Government. A good deal of tho de- fects of our Publia schools-and ho thought there was a pedantic spirit in theso placas-was traccablo to the fact that tho appointment of teachers was in the hands of tho Council of Education. For all appointments tho Government should bc responsible. It might be that this defect was tho reason why it wu> found impossible to introduco history in tho Publio echools. Tho hon. member (Mr. Buchanan) was not without good grounds for introducing his motion. Somo good might result from tho discussion. But agreoing with tho viows of the Colonial Soirotary and tho hon. momber (Mr. Stewart) as tD tho difficulty of oarrying ont tho proposal, ho moved tho previous quostion. Mr. BUCHANAN, in roply, said that if ho attained no other object in introducing tho resolutions than that of listening to thc ablo philosophical address of tho hon. member for Illawarra, he should not consider the timo lost in bringing them forward. Ho (Mr. Buchanan) accused tho Colonial Secretary of mis- representing tho mattar boforo tho House,...and he argued against his remarks. Only ono sect, ho said, -was against tho teaching of history in these sohools ' ? Ho asked that House to jndgo botwoen his statement of tho caso and that of tho Colonial Secrolary. He maintained that the whola country, with tho exception ¡of tho Roman Catholics, wero in favour of having history taught in the Public Bchools, and ho trusted that tho discussion would ani mata tho mambors of tho Houso to act in the matter ho would then consider that gain had arisen from it. Ho had the best of tho argument ; ho had truth on his sido ; and ho should divide tho Honso on tho resolutions oven if ho stood alona.! The question, that tho question -bo now put, was resolved in tho negative. CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr. FITZPATRICK movod-"Ihnt Richard Driver, Esq,., bo Chairman of Committees of tho wholo Honso during tho prosent session." Ha said ho'could not think that an officer placod over thoir deliberations should bo appointed in such a manner as to maka him a partizan. Ho roforrod to tho history of tho election of Mr. Garrott, and that of Mr. Lackey, to the offico of Chair- man of Committees, and proceeded to remark that tho member appointed to fill tho chair should bo kept thora if ho bo fit for it ; tho office should not ba filled by a a member bocauso ho supported tho Government. Ho had tho other evening nominated Mr. Lackey, without consulting him, as he thought the Government would support tho nomination. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. Lackey informed him afterwards that for personal reasons he could not accept the office. Ho (Mr. Fitzpatrick) then nominated another, Mr. Richard Driver, who would I make an able chairman if {tho House wonld elect him. mr. iJA-Kiüit morea as an amonamont, that tho name of " Thomas Garrett." he substituted for that of "Richard Driver. " Thc j should look fer fitness and experience. This tho gcntlomun proposed had not. But the gentleman he proposed had giren good proof of his fitness. H was surprised that tho hon. member (Mr. Fitzpatrick) had proposed a gentleman who was totally unnsod to this offico. There was no person who explained points of order.mora lucidly than the hon. gentleman (Mr. Garrott). As for partisanship of lato tho hon. mombor (Mr. Garrott) had shown much less partisan- ship than tho hon. member for Windsor (Mr. Driver.) They had a gentleman who hod boen tried and was qualified. Why loaro him in favour of an untried man ? Mr. BURNS said, at tho opening of tho present Houso, tho Colonial Secretary laid down tho principio that it was tho duty of the Government to lead tho House. Why had not tho Government acted on that principio this session, and proposed a chairman of com- mittees. Tho election of a chairman had always boon a party question. Tho hon. member (Mr. Fitzpatrick) who disclaimed all partisanship, was in foot in this instance the tool of tho Government. * This proceeding on tho port of tho Governmont ought not to be sup- ported hy thoir own followers. He (Mr. Burns) would vote for the appointment of Mr. Garrett. No one said tho hon. member (Mr. Garrett) had been partial in tho chair. Ho was no more a partisan than Mr. Driver. Their Spoakersand Chairmen had always.bcon partisans; and that was no disqualification. Mr. PARKES said for many years he hod never dis- guised his opinion, that the officers of tho House should bo placed beyond tho palo of tho patronage of tho Go- vernmont. It was not tho praotico in modern times for theso appointments to bo made matters of contention. It . was many years-ho thought it was as many as forty (years-since tho election of the Speaker of tho Houso ot Commons' had bean made a party ques- tion. Ho (Mr. Parkes) happened to bo ia tho Legisla- tivo Assembly of Victoria, whon Mr. Davis was chosen Chairman of Committoos. Ho waa proposed by a mom- bor of the Opposition, and seconded by a supporter of tho Government. Ho (Mr. Parkos) thought this office should bo irrespective of party. He hod acted on thoso' principios all thone years. Mr. ROBERTSON said ho was surprised to hearths last remark of tho hon. member (Mr. Parkes) ; because during all tho firo years tho hon. member (Mr. Garrett) held tho offico of ohoirman, tho hon. member (Mr. Parkes), novar failed to sock to put him out. He (Mr. Robertson) had no objection to Mr. D ri vor. He re- gretted any dobato. But tho looturing of tho hon. mom- bor for Yass (Mr. Fitzpatrick) was more than he could stand. Every one know that Mr. . Garrott was a thoroughly officient and impartial chairman. But ho (Mr. Robertson) would not proposo him against Mr. Driver. No one could dony that Mr. Garrett had boon unduly opposed for years Sast by tho hon. Colonial Secretary. And no one could ony that tho hon. Colonial Socrotary was pulling tho BtringB to get Mr. Drivor proposed. It was tho duty of tho loador of tho Houso to mako provision for the con duot of tho business of tho HousO. Mr; FORSTER said it must havo boon ?err interest- ing .to tho Houso to bear tho details into whian tho hon.' mombor (Mr. Fitzpatrick) entered as to the changes that took placo in his own mind. The Colonial Secre- tary had only dono what ho usually doos ; ho had laid down just principles, and tuon said he did not intend to act upon thom. Ho (Mr. Forstor) did not think that .thoso offices should bo modo tho subject of porty ¡contention. ? Ho would act on rory aimplo grounds. Tho superiority of Mr. Garrett was admitted on all hands;- Tho hon. mombor (Mr. Fitzpatrick) admitted Mr. Garrett's capacity, and also his impartiality. (Hoar, hoar.) Of Mr. Driver thoy know nothing-as chairman of committees. Mr. Garrett had been tho most capable Chairman of com- mittees thoy ever had. Tho safost courso wns to voto for him. Mr. STEWART said the hon. member (Mr. Fitz- patrick) had from au carly poriod undertaken tho oflico of master coromonies to this House. Ho had rendered n very kindly sorvico to tho Houso. He was surprised to hear an hon. mcmbar comparo him (Mr. Fitzpatrick) to a cock who thought tho sun had risen to hear him crow. Ho (Mr. Stewart) had no objection to Mr. Driver. But hu thought it was proper to Bhow tho hon. mcmbor (Mr. Fitzpatrick) that thoy thought ho took to much on himself. . Mr. NEALE said tho Houso was fortunata in having before thom two geutlcuion so Moll qualified for tho oflioo. Ile had seconded tho nomination of Mr. Driver, because ho thought ho. was .wall fitted for tho offico, and at tho timo ho ivas tho only candidate named. It was unfair to Mr. Driver to object to him bocnuso he was proposed by a particular member. (Hear, hear.) At tho samo limo, if Mr. Garrett hud been first proposed, fab (Mr. Neala) would havo supported him, ns ho hod often dono before. Ho had watched bim for five years, mid beliored him to bo thoroughly impartial and capable in tho chair. Ho (Mr. Ncalo) would not^havO objected to Mr. Garrott's partisanship:when out of tho chair. But owiug to waut of tact and discretion, ho (Mr. Garrott) had brought ou himself a good deal of oppo- sition. '?' Mr. RAPHAEL bcliavcd that both tho candidatos woro good mon. Ho complninod of tho romarks modo against Mr. Garrott for his partisanship out of tho chair. Ho would with much ploasuro soo oithor of thoso . two gentlemen in tho choir. Ho had promised to givo 'bis voto for Mr. Garrott. . Mr. OAKES said if Mr. Drivor last his election this, timo, it would be through tho conduot of tho Govern- ment, who had not pluck enough to do their duty. If (Eb Govornmont wero not willing to lend tho Honso, tho sooner thoy resigned tho better. (Hear, hear.) Why did not tho Govonment put forward Mr. Drivor themselves ¡> Ho (Mr. Oakes) would roto for Hr. Driver. No one could soy n word against tho conduct of Mr. Garrett in the chair. But ho (Mr. Oakes) 8trongly*¡objaated to lia (Mr. Garrett's) conduct on tho Customs Border Duties Bill. .'Mr. BUTLER said tho Government hud not put forward Mr. Fitzpatrick. And as a proof, the Govern- ment had not been canvassing for Mr. Driver.. Ho (Mr. Butler) would opposo Mr. Garrott on ovcry occasion ; because he behoved him to bo unfit for tho place. But ho thought the question should not be made a party question. The frionds of Mr. Garrott had been canvassing tho Houso right and left. No ono had been canvassing for Mr. Driver. - Mr. BUCHANAN said ho had resolved to voto for Mr. Lackoy. Hu was informad that Mr. Lackoy had resigned, and ho was asked to support Mr.-Garrett. Ho promisod to do so. He had not heard of Mr. Driver being in the field at all. Ia all tho encomiums passed on Mr. Driver, he fully concurred. , In every süuBe of tho word ho was eligible for the position ; but ho (Mr. Bncbanan) must vote according to his promise. Tho Colonial Secretary had always "opposed Mr. Gar-i rott. Ho (Mr. Buchanan) reciprocated tho con- demnation of the Government by Mr. Oakes. Thoy wero afraid to act according to their opinion. _ They Bat there with the withering contempt of thoir own partisans. r Mr. MACINTOSH complained of the hon. membe. for pledging himself out of doors to ono of the candi dates. Ho thought it would not bo wiso to weaken the influence of the Government, ho would vote for Mr. Driver. Mr. FITZPATRICK ropliod. On division tho naroo of Mr. Driver was rotained, the rotes hoing ayes 22, noos 14. Mr. Driver was thoreforo appointed Chairman of Committees. Mr. DRIVER said ho felt as much as any man could do, tho honour -conferred upon him. Ho had not sought this honour ; but when his nama was first pro- posed, ho rofusod, os ho wished to give his support to Mr. Garrott. (Cocora.) Having hoon elected to this position, he hoped ho would bo able to act so as to merit the confidenco of the House, and to do credit to himself. (Cheers.) Mr. GARRETT said he was not, by his own will, a candidato for this offico, against his hon. friend.- Ho was asked to-day if ho would bo a candidate, and said ho would noithor assent or dissent. Ho had ncithor canvassed any ono's vote, nor askod any ono to canvass for him. As the offico had been conferred on Mr. Driver, ho assured that gentleman that ho should receive every support from him (Mr. Garrett.) (Cheers.) Tho Houso adiournod at twonty-nino. minutos past .12, until 4 o'clock to- morrow (this day). PAIBSD OFF.-Eloction of Chairman of Committees : For Mr; Driver, Mr. Nowlan ; for Mr; Garrott, Mr. Lackoy'. . 1 