THIIE LIFE OF ChIARL?ES DI?KENS. (Fro,, the Pall Mall GaOztte ) No biography has ever taken its readers so much by surprisoe as Mr. Forstor's lifo of Dickeons. That early observation must have supplied Dickeons with a groeat part of his wonderful knowledge of that struggling poverty which, as Mr. Forator truly says, "is nowhere more vividly shown than in the commoner stroots of the ordinary London suburb," was plain. That he, had intro duced more recollections of his own life into David Copporfiold than into any other of his books was plain also. But the moet oaroful and sympathising reader of this novel coull not nave guessod that the two most striking lhapters in'itworo a more ox tract from an unfinished autobiography written long before the fancy of David Cop porfiold had oven "begun-to take shape in his mind." Considered in connection with the. first and second chapters . of Mr. Forstor's lifo, these two chaptors stand alone in literature. They are remarkable for the restrained passion which runs through them; for tlhe wondorful keenness of insight which originally stored up tho ingTorials; for the retentiveness which could recall -every memorandum' made on .the. mind of hn child of ton; for the passiohate solf-com .eeration which undorlics even the mhosht"d6ornus passnaes. They supply the founlation 6f larts of almost,o6dry.book lihe hau written. They, serve to explain the limits by whichl'his genius wan niarlkd off en all sides. Tisoy show that Dickens was 'iovsdrFathiis beste oxcep when deoscribing rcones and characters which he had soon in his parliest childhood, or on which his bhi dikilih &sigy;'lsh d :loon exercised. The name experience could not have had the san roaults. if it had come any earlier or a lat rlihis lifo. eI f,hi father had been in the Marshalesa r t ,tho time of his son's birth, Diclrons woud not have had the same sonse of having fallen from something better; and in losing this he would have lost that, insight into tli'o poverty hoe dos oribos,' - hich, wliile it requires absolute acquaintance with the tlhing described, re quires also an external stand point from which to survey it., To men born in rage cgjs.y mthn born in pcirplo'their surroundings oo6?o too. naturally to make much impres eipui on thoem. If hie Father had kept out of the Marli?lsdoa two.or:throoeyears longer Dicltogs iwould pnver. have dhad the same hopolessnoee of conviotion that he. was never to riseo from thb :degradation lie so loathed and rosented, and so would have beoon loss ppon. to .the impression it made on hiu,:t , Th ojirpn that stamped his memory with overy particular of the old house at Hungerford stairs was, and needed to be, an iron that had first ontored into his soul. It is a noticeable feature in this fragment of autobiography that wherover it differs from the vorsion of it' published in David Cop peorfield it differs from it by being more wrought up.. Most men having thus to deal with a 'ohaptor. from 'their own life .would have found it.necessary to dress it in more vivid colours, to make the feeling more in tonse, to strive to excite in the reader's mind a stronger sympathy for the hero of the novel than could he created by unvarnished ,factt. Dickens felt no such noed. Wher "ovor the autobiography and the,novel part company it is by reason of omiisions or softenings down in tllhe novel. It is worth while to compare a few pasgages. This is David Copperfield speoikipg:-" "It is a matter of sdmo surprise to me oven now that I can have been so easily ,thrown away at such an age. , A child of excellent abilities;, and with strong powers of observation, quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt bodily or honeitally, it sooma wonderful to me that no one should have made any sign in my behalf." This is the autobiography-:-- • " It is wonderful, to me how I could have boon so easily cast away at such an age. It is wonderful to me that oven after 'my descent into the poor little drudge I had been since Noy came to London, no one had compassion enough on me-a child of singular abilities, quick, eager, delicate, and noon hurt, bodily or moentlly-to suggest that something might have been spared, as certainly it might have been, to place me at any gommon school. 0 " .t My father and mother were quite satisfied. They could hardly have been more so if I had boon twenty years of ago, distinguished at a grammar school and going to Cambridge." Or take the sentence in which David Cop perfield describes his loneliness. "From Monday morning to Saturday night I had no advice, no counsel, no encouragement, no consolation, no assistance, no support of any kind, from anyone that I can call to mind, as I hope to go to heaven. And com pare with it the parollel sontence in the autobiography. "I suppose my lodgiug was paid for by my father. I certainly did not pay it myself; and I certainly had no other assistance whatever (the making of my clothes, I think, excopted), from Monday morning until Saturday night. No advice, no counseol,. no encouragement, no consola tion, no sulpport, from anyone that I can call to mind, so,holp me God." Again, in David Qopporfield, the chapters which deal with his life at Murdstono and Grimby's are thus introduced :-" I now approach a period of my life which I can never lose the remombrance of while I remember any thing; and the recollection of which has often, without my invocation, come before mno like a ghost and haunted happier times." Phis retains the purport of the correspond ng paragraphs in the autobiography; but the details given in the latter convey a far stronger impression of the extremity of lorror which the recollection always awakennd in him : - " Until old HIungorford market was pulled down, until old Hungorford stairs weore de stroyed, and the very nature of the ground changed, I never had the courage to go back to the place where my servitude began. I never saw it. I could not endure to go near it. For many years when I came to Robert Warren's in the Strand [the rival blacking warehouse] I crosse d over to the opposite side of the way to avoid a certain smell of the cement they put upon the blacking corks, which reminded me of what I was once. It was a very long time before I liked to go up Chandos-streot. My old way home by the borough made mo cry after my eldest child could speak." There is something vindictive about his compassion for his childish self, something of that overmastoring sense of injustico which many mon fool when they soo prosont Wrongs doneo to otheor and have no power to help thornm, but which fow rotain in rogard to wrong done to thomsolvos of which no trace has remained by thorem. One instance. of this is his roforenco to his mother's wish that ho should go back to the blacking warehouse after his father had quarrelled with the proprietor. " My mother set her self to accommodate the quarrel, and did so the next day. ° N. My father said I should go back no more, and should go to school. I do not write rocentfully or angrily, for I know how all those things have helped to make me what I am; but I never after wards forgot, I never shall forgot, I never can forgot, that my mother was warm for my being sent back." To those who look back at the part played by Mrs. Dickens, it seems not unnatural that a woman accus tomod to difficoulties of all kinds, having but just soon her husband set free from a debtor's prison, and probably thinkifg it quite on the cards that he might soon return thither, should think it unwise to take a boy of tweolve from an employment whore he was at least earning 7s. a wolck. No doubt if she had known the valuo:.gf the child she was dealing with she would have judged differently; but prophets of twelve are even loss honoured in their father's house than prophets of riper growth, and some allow anqg mrnglit-hawof.fairly. booe made for her blindness. Dickens, as we have soon, can make noneo: His roeltini's:to.his father are anothon iiiumration o,tJeo agm thing. Txat tlheelder lor'Dickonhs wa in dty sense of the word a good father no one will believe. His son probably presented him in the best pos sible light when he. said to Mr. Forstor, " Evorything that '-can remembor of his conduct to his wife, or children, or friends, in sickness or affliction, is beyond all praise." But the careo which was present when the obhjnects of it'wrib sickl or sorbr was wanting when they wereo well. Hia'?description of his son's edlucation-" Why, indeed, sir, ha! ha l-he may be said to have educated him oolf"--was striotly true. Still thisis hardly enough to explain theo, useo his son made of him in fiction. Mr.' ioaiboer is not an un amiable porson, indeed .th'e reader contracts by degrees a considerable affection for him of a certain kind. But according to pre valent ideas, his is sonrcely;thb portrait a son would like to hand down.as-a life study of a father. Yet this is what Dickons'has done. " The interval between the sponging-house and the prison," says Mr. Forster, " was passed by the 'sorrowful. lad in running errands and carrying messages for the pri aonor, delivered with swollen eyes and through shinincg tears: and the last word: sanid to him by his father before he was finally carried to the Marshalsee were to the effect that the sun had set upon him for ever. 'I really believed at the time;' said Dickens to me, ' that they had broken my heart.' Ho took aftorwards aimple revenge for this false alarm by making all the world laugh at them in David Copporfield. " Cortainly .the revenge was ample; but the "lorrowful lad" delivering his messages "With sorrowful eyes and through shining tears,'! is a more engaging picture than the samb lad, sitting down in his famous and succeassful manhood to mvo' thousands of expectant readers to iauglttor:Iy 'the narra tivo'of his' father's ivoeakcisses:;' alicawber's reception of.David on his first visit ,to the prison gives ono a different inipression when we, road it in the autabiography thus:.. " M4 y father was wailing for me in the lod , and we went up to his room (on the top story. but on) and criodvery much. And he told me,.I remember, to take warning by the t[,arshalsea, and to observe that ifaman had £20 a year, and spent £19 19s. 6d., he ;would. be hippy, biit that a shlilling spent the other way would make him wretched." If.his father had no hand in sending him to the blacking warehouse, it may te cLues tionod whether Mioaaber ivould over hoavo been created, except in a!'fev fragmentary touches distributed ovir' various' characters. It pay soem.ungratofill thus,t, look so ad mirahbe a 'gift-horse in tho mouth, but in estimating DicTkbis' character this side of it cannot be left out of sight. In a much smallst way the reproduction of theoDora of his youth as the Flora of Little Dorritt is another example of the same tendenoy., 