re f htncitr m Orran demands upon your spneo having excluded n for a timo, I just crave a small crevice, in ordor to pr vent getting hopelessly into arrear. The feats bf tl Lonp Garon, and tho further anticipations of tl Randwick Mooting, havo- occupiod so muob attentio that my contributions hara not been missod, but want to clear off until next time. By tho bye, I hat been askod -what a Xonp Garon is. If I don't mistake ' it is, or was, ' ono of thoBO interesting animals whicl for somo crimes committed by its forefathers, was com polled periodically to abandon tho sbapo and customs o humanity, and toko to tho woods on all fours, whore however, it was usoless for any hunter to attompt ti catch it, Vory nearly connected with it ii mannersnnd destiny was tho wohr-wolf-always a noblo man or knight of good family, who had to put of humanity, at stated periods, nnd take tho form of i wolf. It is long ago sinco I road, with awo and wonder, of tho perilous and ghastly advonturos of "Tho Lour Garon of tho Odonwald," nnd " Tho Wehr-wolf ol Limousin;" and not far from these waB the Vampyrpj obliged to get np at night, leava tho sido of his brido, and go forth from hts castle in search of youthful blood to quench his horrible thirst- unless, indeod, bo pre- ferred to refresh,himself from tho voins of his body. Ah, that's the beauty of being Taorn nnd brought up in an.old country, whore you hoar of thoso things 1 Nothing of the kind here I Tho nearest approach to anything Uko such a sensation is " Fisher's Ghost " and tho Bunyip ; and the former is supposed to havo been "laid"-that is to say, '' floorod"-by the now polico, whilo tho latter has lately been subjected to such humiliation, in being identified by a Tnsmanian savant with tho fresh-water seal of that island, that I don't snpposo it will over .have tho hardihood to show its foco again. However, I know nothing about tho Loup Garon of Randwick, excepting that ho seems to havo shown himself a good horso, and worthy of tho laurels ho won. I am not a racing man. Tho pace is too fast for mo, but I cordially say " hoar,-hoar" to the romarks of his Excollency tho Governor about this sport. If wall regulated and" judiciously patronisod, it ia botter than tho political rneeB which have latoly boen going on j in tho Western district. I do hopo that theso rival progressen and banquets ol tho prosont and ox- Premiers ma; havo a beneficial, instead of a sonring effect, not only upon the honour- able gontlomon tbomselvcs, bat upon all othors con corned ; bat a considerablo amount of acerbity peops out. Sir James Martin, at tho banquot given to him nt Bathurst, had some caustio remarks to mako nbout tho "great man" who had precoded him, and somo doubts to express' ns to whether, if trees nnd statues woro to be adopted in tho adornment of tho intended park, some peoplo who advocated that arrangement would havo sufficient taste to know whoro to placo them. Thoro was some little chaff, too, on the part of the knight, with regard to " Brummagom" Btatucs. It was " Clorons" voraus " Wynyard-square.". I gather, however, thnt Sir Jamos had a good dinner at Bathurst, which is moro than Mr. Parkes scams to hnva been nblo tô got nt Hill End. Indood tho description of this latter feast, as girondin tho local Observer, ÍB anything but appetising : e. g. : The banquet was ordered for 7 o'clook p.m., but waa not reaSy until 10, and whon it did make Its appearance lt waa about tba meanest turn-out eror offered to pnhllo appetite Not a aolltary feathered songster graced the board, whian groaned (and well it might) beneath a royal pleca of half-cold beef, a tareena of (very good) soup (for nearly SO Individúala), a -saddle of motton, lega of different animals, cunningly -stuffed with the meat of tho «ansage, and 3 ronnd pies of beef- steak. Thia gorgeous course wns anoeeedod by a display of -pastry of like calibro and reputation ; and tho dessert-or nil -we saw of lt at one end,of tho tablo-consisted of 3 platcsful of cake, 1 plato of oranges, S in number, and 1 of applos, of -wbloh Ogracad the festive board. Tho wines wera excellent, -and thara waa more than^onongh, had there been twlo* tho number present; but, to give tho devil his duo, that was not the fanlt of the caterer. Wo hnva mach grim pleasure In hero publicly stating that lt waa the very worst pnbllo dinner wo have over In onr largo and varied experience taken part In. Tho hospitalities of Hill End do not thus appear to Tiaro yot attained to a vory? high dooroo of rofinpment, ( but rathor remind ono of tho hard realities which tho guests of Mr. Buggins found to await thom when they j reached the Bceno of his colobratsd " partyo "-moro thnn onco alluded to in these papers : When thoy nrrlvod they wanted wittlos Thoy lind a wocoimm In each tub ; Bald Joo-"You «00 thom pots and kittles? All on 'om la ohook full o' grnb I" With dainties thon tho board ho klvcrs Tho luxnryes of Ufo supplied I There wns anaslges and bllod cowa* Uvera And titers in nice dripping fried 1 But the miners nt Hill End and thoroaway, I suppose, aro neither disciples of Lncullus nor of HoliogabaliiB, and did not caro much about offering Epicurean repasts to a philosopher who might woll bo supposed to bo far abovo such matters. Talking about rough diggers, Mark Twain, in tho second part of his " Innocents at Hame " giras a graphic skotch of lifo on tho Saoramonto Eiror in tho aarly days of tho rush to Californian gold-fields. Thoro wore two hundred thousand strong, hearty, young mon-not a woman or a ohild amongst thom. Hoar Mark Twain ¡ Old inhabitants toll how. In a oortaln camp, tho nows went abroad carly In tho morning that n woman waa como I They had soon a calico dross hanging ont of a waggan down nt tho camplng-gronnd-sign of omlgrnnts from over tho great plains. Everybody wont down there, and a shout went up when an actual, bona fide dross was dlsooverod fluttering In tho windi Tho malo emigrant waa vlslblo. Tho miners said : " Fotoh her out I" Ho «aid i-It ls my wlfo, gentlemen-she ls nick-we linvo been robbed of monoy, provisions, everything, by the Indians -wo want to rest." " Fotch her ont I Wo'vo got to soo her I" " Dut, gontlonion, tho poor thing, she-" ' " Fetch her out I" Do "fetchod her out," and thoy swung their hate and sont np throo rousing cheers nnd n tiger ; and thoy crowded around and gazed at her, and touched her dross, and listened to her volco with tho look of mon who listened to a viemory rathor Mian a presen*', reality-and «ion thoy collected twcnty-fleo hundred dallara In gold nnd gave lt to tho man, nnd swung tholr lints again aad gave throo moro cheers, and wont homo aatlsflod. Oncol dined In Ban Franolsoo with the family of a pioneer and talked with his daughter, n young lady whoso flrat experience In San Franolsco was an adventure though Bho herself did not remember It.'as sho waa only two or threo years old nt tho timo. Her father Bald that, nitor landing from tho ahlp, they woro walking up tho atroet, a servant loading tho party with tho llttlo girl In her arms. And presently a hugo minor, bearded, bolted, spurred, and brist- ling with deadly weapons-Just down from a long campaign In tho mountains, evidently-barred tho way, stopped tho tírvant, andatood gazing, with.» face nil nhvo with gratifi- cation anâ astonishment. Then ho said, reverently-" Well, if lt ain't a childi" And thou ho snatchod a llttlo loather sack out of his pooket, and said to thoeervant-" Thero'a a hundred and fifty dollnra In dust. Micro, mid I'll glvo lt to you to lot me kiss tho «lilla I" That anecdote iafn«. DutBco how Ulinga chango. Sitting at Hint dlnnor-tnlilo, listening to that nnoodolo, If I had offered double tho money for tho Prlvllego of kissing tho samo child, I would havo boon rofuaod, Bsvontcon added ycara hnva far moro than doubled the price' Ploaaontly nnd jocularly os all this is told, it, is not muoh overdrawn, for tho influonco bf such rnro intorviowa upon MEN long estranged from snob soften- ing intorcourso IB as stated. A friond and myself onco rodo thirty milos on a bleak day lo BOO a woman, 1 nnd well wo wore rowardod, with a Bplondiil boiled leg of matton, turnips, and capera ! So you seo thoro waa no romaneo about lt. Tho significant remarks of Mnnfn, tho nativo Vico roy, af tor doUvoring tho sol -spocoh for tho " King," at tho closo of tho Fijian Parliament, are quilo enough to terrify tho diBnffeotod among tho whitos. Ho tolls them plainly enough that, if thoy aro not BatisBcd with tho »Into of affairs, ho arid his pcoplo will bo forthcoming to touch thom a lesson. "Wo aro tho nativca," ho *V/s î and ho goos on to toll tho refractory whites that ! if they continuo discontented, it will ba best for tbom tc I leave, in order " to proveut ovil." Tho ovil would oon sist, most likely, in part of a surfeit, or attack' of bile, on the part of Maafu nnd his officers, who seem, from what ho says, to atrnd pledged to ont tho discontented if they don't conform. Thus will " law and order," and constitutional government bo maintained, as they havo often been aforotimo, by a banquet of tho cholcost, preceded by a grand preliminary roast. I seo that Mr. Trollopo said a good thing nt Adelaide Mr. Ayers, tho Chief Socretnry, was expatiating at a public dinnor upon tho capabilities of Australia, and turning to the novelist, asked him if ho could mention anything prodnood in England which could .not also bo produced in this conntrv? "How about Primo Ministers?" waa the reply of Mr. Trollopo. But this country is mot only able to produco Primo Ministers for Home consumption. She exports them to tho neighbouring Islands, togothor with Judges and othor high digni- taries of tho Stnto and tho Law ; and if shs can do th's I am suro sb o can supply all domestic demands for similar commodities. I was much pleased and informed hy reading in yoiu morning contemporary, a few days ago, tho report of ti lecture delivered in tho Congregational school- room, Fitt-streot, on the previous evening* by a medical gentloman, on tho Bubject of "Health." Tho report truly says that tho lecture was " interesting and instructive ;" and, nf tor reading it, I nm so longer sur- prised nt tho superior intellectual developments of thc "Congregational Boys,"- if thoy will allow mo to call thom BO-of Pitt-Btroot. " Disease," tho lecturer said, " was tho opposite of honlth," and although I think I havo somo remembrance of having hoard that boforo, a fact so important ennnot bo too often staled. I " Taking first tho stomach, he pointed- out that if this very important orgau was out of order, everything would bo in disorder." "Whntover may bo Bald by tho boliovers or dis- believers in Dr, Jenner, or of tho discoveries of Harvoy, they aro all Jcathor and prunella compared with thÍB. Tho lecturer know a good and Christian lady who kept her children in montnl and bodily health by plontif ul dosos of nonna, and if either of thom said a cross word to tho other, sho concluded that he or she could not bo woll, and so administered another dose. But this, if I mistake not, was also tho treatment adoptod by tho amiable Mrs. Squoors, with tho brim, stono aud treacle Another orgau of somo importance was tho heart. Tho lecturer said nothing about porsons who hadn't Buch a thing about thom ; but the brain was also worthy of attention. To show thoir appreciation of health, tho loctnrer Bnid thoy should take core of their bodios ; and tho plumpest and slcokest of audiences displayod their appreciation by a vote of thanks for tho acceptable advice. 