NEW BOOKS.', The War for the Rhine Frontier,' by W. Rustow, now colonel r in the Swiss, formerly Captain in the Prussian Aimy, translated by lieutenant Needham, is a book in three volumes giving tne History ot the late war. Contemporary histories .are seldom of much value, even when written, as in the present instance, with careful impartiality. A certain distance of time seems necessary to the historian, before he can see events in their trae proportions, much more before he can portray them in their natural perspective. This 1 want of completeness of view takes much from the interest of Colonel Biistow's story j but it is carefully and truthfully told by one singularly fitted for the task. He ' shows how the success qf the Prussians was due quite as much, to the mistakes of the French as .to their own skill and foresight. Had Napoleon IIL been able to bear defeat, he Tmi'JfllHhave fallen back upon Paris when surprised and. beaten on the frontier, ^nd there defied the enemy to cut ,' Mm off from 'communication with any par$ of France. If Paris could hold out so long defended by untrained and undisciplined men, what might she not have done in the hands of the troops, and serving as the pivot ©f manoeuvres for the army? Colonel Kustow seems to have great faith in fortified places-; that is, in fortified arsenals and depots, and centres of communication. Such fortifica* tions should be well provisioned, and inha bited by their garrison only. Railway fortresses will probably supersede all others, and they must be defended to the death, for whoever has cdmmand of the trains has the power of concentration in his hands, and concentration is the soul cf modem warfare. . . . : The Fourteenth and last volume of the Duke of Wellington's Despatches contains! many intercepted letters from the French generals who conducted- the war in Spain, anticipations of victories never achieved, and excuses for failures, which provoked angry replies from the Emperor. Marshal Mar mont says that the English army is always concentrated and always dis posable, because it has plenty ' of money and transports', and the cavalry get their hay from England. Meanwhile Wellington's difficulties are shown by his orders. The successful army of Vittoriais directed to be put under arms for eight hours' each day of their stay in that place 'as a punishment for their general illconduct.' This is ten days after the battle, and the Duke says further, 'I send a Provost Marshal with full authority to execute any soldier found plundering, or committing any act of disobedience amounting to mutiny.' He orders certain soldiers to receive two dozen Iashe3 for burning two window-shutters, and another to be hanged for bringing into camp a mule laden with plunder. An officer incurs his intense displeasure by carrying off a young lady, and he is pestered with requests for leave to go to England, all of which are sternly re fused. The Peninsular campaign seems to have brought out the harder parts of Wellington's nature, and we see how well he deserved the title of the Iron Duke. His strict discipline suppressed all disorderly conduct, and made of raw troops one of the finest armies in the world, while his careful protection of the righte of the ; country people surrounded him with friends and assistants, and took half the horror from the war. 'The Great Lone Land,' by Captain Butler, is a narrative of an expedition undertaken for the purpose of conveying medical aid to the pestilence-stricken tribes of the Blackfeet Indians, and describes a journey through the desolate regions of that country in North America lying between Lake Winnipeg and the Rocky Mountains. With Indiana - for his only companions Captain Butler traversed this vast extent of land, through solitary forests, over trackless deserts and unknown rivers strewn with huge blocks of ice, which required hours of exhausting labour before he could cross, and then only in deadly peril. In 27 days he rode nearly 1,200 miles through air thick with snow.' To encounter the danger, the grimnesB, and the awful solitude of such a journey must have required unusual courage, yet he relates his story with an utter absence of self- consciousness ever subordinating the difficult to the picturesque side of the undertaking. He has -always' a kind word for the Indians, and is indignant with the tone of the Ameri cans towards these fine people. 'From southerninostTexastomostnortheraMoatana there is, but one universal remedy for the IndianrdifiBculty— kill him. * Never trust a redskin unless he be1 dead.' 'Kill every buffalo you see/ said a Yankee colonel to me one day at Nebraska ; ' every buffalo is an Indian gone.'' He is enthusiastic in his admiration of the lakes and rivers, especially Winnipeg, which the red men love with a mysterious pas sionate worship. Some of his experiences are droll, but most of them were sad and sombre, ike the country through which he travelled. On one occasion when he stopped ?with his dog-train at an Indian birch-lodge to warm bis fingers, he saw an old Indian crouched by the fire, who was singing in a monotonous chant a dirge for his son, while the young widow and her child sat moodily silent by his side. ' He hunted for us, he fed us,' the old man sang ; 'I am too old to hunt, I can scarce see the light; I would like to die too.' We cannot leave this beautiful book without quoting the .sad story of the death of Blackie, the faithful horse which had carried his master from Fort Ellice to the Saskatchewan JSiver, over the pitiless plains of snow, enduring cdd, fatigue, and hunger with unfailing patience and fortitude. They had to cross the ice-encumbered river, and with incredible labour the laden carts and loose horses and savage escort had all been safely landed. 'Now came Blackie's turn. He was taken out, led as before, tied by a long line.; I followed close upon his heels. He took the rttLQuite readily. We had got to the centrOf the river when the surface suddenly bent downwards, and the horse plunged into black quick-running water. He was not three yards in front of me when the ice broke. I recoiled involuntarily from the black seething chasm; the horse, though he plunged suddenly down, never let his head under water, but kept swim ming round and round the narrow hole, trying all he could to get upon the ice. All his efforts were useless ; a cruel wall of sharp ice struck his knees as he tried to Iif b them on the surface, and the current running with inrniPUBfl velocity repeatedly carried him back underneath. As soon as the horse had broken through the man who held the rops let it gey and the leather line flew back -about poor Blackie's head, I got up almost to ; the edge of the hole, and stretching out took hold of the line again, but that could do no good, nor give him any assistance in his struggles. I shall never forget the way he looked at me. I feel again the horrible sensation of being utterly unable, though almost -within touching dis tance, to give him help in his dire extremity; ?and if ever dumb animal spoke with un utterable eloquence, that horse cailed to me in hiB agony. He turned to me a3 to one from whom he had a right to expect assis tance. I could not stand the scene any longer. ' Is there no help for him ? I cried to the other men. ' Nene whatever ; the ice is dangerous all round.' Then I rushed back to the shore and up to the camp where my rifle lay ; then back again to the spot where Blackie still struggled against his fate. As I raised the rifle he looked at me so im ploringly that my hand shook. Another instant and the bullet crashed through his head, and he went down under the ice for ever. I went back to camp, sat down in the snow and cried like a child.' ' ? ?Mr. Barry, the author of 'Russia in ?1870,'' has brought out another book on the same subject, called 'Ivan at Home,' which possesses many of ? the excellencies and some of the defects of its predecessor. -Mr. Barry brings the Russian peasant or mujik vividly before us, with all his contra dictions— his simplicity and child-like docility in some things, and his invincible obstinacy in others; his dog-like fidelity for his master, ?with his cunning devices for cheating him, and his utter absence of shame when found out; his superstitious reverence for old customs and sacred things, and his complete want of reverence for his priests; his wonderful quickness, and his love of idle ness and strong drink. The vodka shop is the mnjik's great enemy, and ite proprietor is often a singular compound of rogueryand honesty.^ Mr. Barry thought the candles supplied to his miners went too' fast, so he buried some pins' in the next quantity he served out, and going down shortly after to the vodka shop he saw plenty of candles burning with the pins in them, yet the same man would not cheat a peasant. When a mujik makes up his mind to get drunk he goes to the vodka shop, and pays for as much liquor as he - thinks will ac complish his purpose, and Mr. ? 'Barry once found the landlord pouring the last glass of vodka down the throat of a man who had succumbed before getting through the quantity he had paid for. Ivan will drink anything. When the allied armies were in Paris the Russian soldiers drank up the oil out of the street lamps, and a man who had contracted to light the suburbs of a large city with petroleum forfeited his contract because, he said, 'a3 fast as he filled up his lamps with' petroleum the' mujiks drank it all up.' : : 'My Wife and I in Queensland,' by Charles H. Eden, is a pleasant sensible book, describing everything in a plain simple way, just as it happened, with very little sentitnent, and no flights of fancy. It contains an inte resting chapter on sugar-planting, and much information about Polynesian labour and labourers, of whom he says:— "They were the most willing, trustworthy fellows possible, requiring no superintendence what ever," working under one of themselves, to whom they looked up as a chief. "My partner and I could both be away together, feeling confident that the work appointed would be done as scrupulously in our absence as if we were on the spot. Whenever we had either of us been away for above a day or two, directly the boys saw us riding up they would throw down their tools and rush at us in a way that at first would discompose the strongest nerves, drag us off our horses, and hoisting us, struggling and unwilling on the shoulders of four Tamina giants, carry us to the house, a distance of nearly a mile; one of them leading the horses, and the others jumping, shouting, and laughing with delight, which they vented by slapping us on the back." Such as these were perhaps the poor fellows so ruthlessly and cruelly slaughtered on board the brig Carl. Mr. BrowniDg has brought out a new poem, 'Fifine at the Fair,' as quaint and paradoxical and incomprehensible as 'Hohenstiel Schwangan' itself. Our two great philosophic poets, Tennyson and Browning, are as opposite as possible in their modes of treating their subjects. Tennyson takes the most advanced thoughts of modern age, and clothing them in ancient garb shows us their beauty and their strength enhanced by his thin disguise. Browning, on the contrary, goes back to the old philo sophy of Plato or Aristotle, dresses it up in modern array, and carefully masking its features keeps us in a continual puzzle of curi osity as to what is behind. The great theory drawn equally from Aristotle and Lavater, which underlies this poem, and flashes out continually, seems to be that each face is the soul's mask, and being plastic ought '-— r To yield, did Nature ply her task As artist should— precise, the beauties of the soul.' ? . But because Nature does not ' ply her .task precise,' each soul unsatisfied '——Goes striving to combine With what shall right the wrong, the under or above . ? .. . . ; The standard; supplement unloyeliness by love.' ?'??'?'?'. Of course the poem is a monologue, and this philosophy is supposed to be the origin of the speaker's transient admiration of Fifine, a girl 'in page costume, all pink and impudence,' dancing in a booth at Pornie Fair. To his wife's vexation he falls thinkr ing of Fifine, and makes her one of a vision of fair women— :not that he really prefere this ' fizgig' to his wife ' So all your sex mistake ! : ——Few families were racked : With torture self-supplied, did nature grant but this, J That women comprehend mental analysis.' In his wife he finds a something wanting to fill up his idea of perfection; but as for her jealousy you might as well accuse the owner of a Raphael of inconstancy because he ' Overlooks with relish, leaf. by leaf Dore's last picture-book.' There are nevertheless many beauties and noble thoughts ~ in this weird poem, to which space prevents our doing justice. The epilogue is quaint and strange, yet seems to contain the gist of the whole argument. Whether it is beautiful poetry or not our readers may judge:— ' Help and get it over ! Reunited to his wife (How draw up the paper let the parish people . know) Lies M or N, departed from this life, Day the this or that, month and year the so and so. What in the way of final flourish? Prose or verse? Try! \ Affliction sore long time he bore, or what is it to be? ? Till God did please to grant him ease. Do end quoth I; I end with— Love is all and death is nought ! quoth she.' Mr. Calverley's ' Fly Leaves' are charm ing. His rhymes approach very closely to those of Ingoldsby, and not only is he a master of the art of parody, but there is a music in his rhythm and an occasional touch of pathos which make one almost im patient with the author for giving to 'idiot laughter solely' powers which could touch the heart. For an instance we would point to a poem too long to quote, called 'For Ever.' The following stanzas are very musical, and a good specimen of the author's Btyle:— * - 'In the gloaming to be roanim-*,:wheref tW crested waves are foaming,1 ' .' ' : J. I And the shy mermaiden's combing locks that ripple to their feet — ' : '''?'i il'::' \ Where the gloaming i3 1 never made 'the ghost of an endeavour ; .'_,:-;?;;:- ^'T/ \ To discover— but whatever, ;wer,e .the hour it would be sweet; ^r. .- , A r.*;^ To their feet I say, -for teML's,. sketch indis putably teaches :\^r, T '..;.J'',. ..'?'.; That the mermaids of ourbeacnesdohot end in ? ugly-tails, ' ? ? 'n '-?-????? ? Nor have homes among the' corals, but are shod ?? with neat Balmorals, ? . ? - - An arrangement no one quarrels with, as. many might with scales.' . - /. v :.-'.'. - And here is one verse of 'First Love :'— ' 'There she sat— so near me, yet remoter ' Than a star— a blue-eyed bashful imp. Ob her lap she held a happy bloater, : 'Twixt her lips a yet more happy shrimp.' Completion of the Overland Tele graph.— There appears to be little doubt that the great work of connecting the north and south coasts of the Australian Continent will be finished to-day ; but the event, it seems, is not to be celebrated by any public demonstration. At any rate nothing, as far as we know, has been arranged, beyond the hoisting of the red ensign from the Post Office tower, and whatever is done, there- fore, will be quite impromptu. We learn that on Mr. Todd the honour of trans mitting the first message will be con ferred. He has left Barrow's Creek en route for Adelaide, and at noon to-day will break the wire so as to communicate direct with Adelaide and Port Darwin, and announce, if everything is all complete, the satisfactory accomplishment of the great wort. Mr. Todd. will then continue his journey, making Alice Springs, say nearly 800 miles from this city, his next station. We note that the Government are advertising for tenders from persons 'willing to undertake the transport of the telegraph construction parties from the Roper back to Adelaide. From this it appears that the practical pro posal to which we alluded some days ago having reference to the organization of ex ploring parties to examine the country east and west of the telegraph line is not to be carried into effect. Dividend .; Paying Companies. — We publish below a statement, which is of some interest as illustrating the progress of our Joint-Stock Companies. ? It shows the amount payable in respect of dividends that have been declared since July 31st last. It must not, of course, be supposed that every month of the year will yield a like sum; but even if. the total represented a half year's dividends for all the Joint-Stock Companies in the colony, which it is far from doing, it would still be a considerable amount to dis tribute through our small community, to whom,- we imagine, by far the greater part belongs:— * . ' TOTALS OF 'DIVIDENDS PAYABLE. Aug. 1. Moonta Mining Company ? £16,000 ' 1. Adelaide life Insurance Co. ... 1,000 ' 1. Equitable Insurance Co; ... 1,125 .?' ,5. South Australian do. do. ... 2,500 ' 8. New Kanmantoo Mining Co. ... 1,000 ~' 14. S.A.GasComDahy ... ...' 2,400 ' 15. Paramatta Mining Company ... 2,500 ' 22. Bank of Adelaide ... ... 8,750 ? ' 24. S. A. Mining Association - ... ' 6,160 Total;.. ... .;.-? ... £4i;435 Official Visit to the Fab North. — We learn that the -Commissioner of Crown Lands, accompanied by the Surveyor- General, purposes leaving Adelaide on Friday upon a visit to the Far North, chiefly with a view to examine the country, and ascertain by personal inspection the beat plan of dealing with it. ?? Mr. Reynolds, we believe^ is desirous on his return of passing through the areas southward of Port Augusta. Theatbe Royal.— 'School' was repeated to a fair house on Wednesday evening. The piece was charmingly played, ana the audience showed its appreciation by frequent plaudits. The per formance concluded with the side-splitting farce of 'The Rustic Prima Donna,' in which Miss Anna Forde and Mr. Greville received great applause. To-night : the same pieces will be repeated. Aerolite.— On Monday, August 12, the people of Port Lincoln were startled by a series of detonations which lasted quite a minute, and resulted from the fall of an aerolite. Its course was from south to north-west, and those who saw it speak of its intense brightness, though it appeared at midday. The sound extended over 65 miles. The wind was from the east with light fleecy clouds. Mr. Telfer, of Koppio, states that he saw an aerolite first in the north- east, having a red streak of light, which after- wards turned to dark smoke, and then gave place to white like steam. The visitant was very large and vied with the sun in brilliancy. He followed the object with his eye in its passing away to the south-west, and from the time of its disappearance till the sound was heard was exactly three minutes by his watch. Mr.:Tabran and the Rapid Bay Council. —Mr. Jas. Lord, a District Councillor of Rapid Bay, has called at our office, with reference to Mr. James Tarran's recent letter on the subject of 'the clerkship. He informs us that Mr. Tarran's tender to perform , the duties of that office was not received by the Council till the meeting after that at which another person had been appointed. ADELAIDE HOMEOPATHIC DlSPEXSARY.— The annual meeting of the subscribers to thi3 insti tution was held on Tuesday afternoon at the Consulting-Rooms, King William-street. The attendance was small, and the following report, showing the working/ of the Dispensary for the year ending December 31, was adopted:— 'It is with much pleasure that the Committee are able to say that the institution continues to be a means of great good to many poor people^ many families making it the source of all the medical assistance^ they require. They sincerely hope that in this way its usefulness may not only long continue, but be much extended. The system of- issuing single tickets has worked well in one way; but, on the other hand, it appears to have tha effect of diminishing the funds, by leading some, who might otherwise subscribe, simply to purchase a ticket for the case then before them. No particular epidemic hap prevailed during the year; but among the ordinary forms of disease many cases have occurred of very serious cha racter. In many cases which the medical officers meet with they find that great assistance would be afforded to their medical treatment by the use of such auxiliaries as cod-liver oil, extract of beef, good red wine, &c;, and a supply of such aids as these, upon which they could draw when necessary, would be exceedingly useful. Any friends inclined to help in this way may be assured of the thanks, not only of the Com mittee, but also of the poor sufferers who would reap the benefit of their kindness. During the year 337 persons have received medical tieat rnent, of whom about 40 have been attended at their own homes; 1,200 prescriptions have been made up, and over 200 visits paid. Looking back over past years, the Committee find that since the establishment of the Dispensary about 1,500 persons have availed themselves of the institution. The Committee hope to receive still more largely the support of ail the friends of homoeopathy, not only in supplying such pecuniary aid as 13 necessary to make the Dis pensary a workable institution, but also by bringing its objects before the suffering poor, so that an increased number may take advantage of the help it offers. The Committee cannot conclude their report without tendering their sincere thanks to the medical officers for their gratuitous labours dur'mg the years.'' The accounts showed a balance at' the beginning of the year of £31, and subscriptions up to the 31st December, 1871, £42 9s. 6d. The expenditure left £23 Is. 6d. in the hands of the Treasurer. The accounts were adopted, and the following officers and Committee were reappohted:— Medical Officers, Brs. Campbell and Miller; Dis penser, Mr. E. S. Wigg; Hon. Secretary, Mr. C. Scrymgour; Committee. Hon. T. Reynolds, Messrs. T. ilagarey, W. K. Thomas, 'J. M. Anderson, J. Colton, F. C. Singleton, N. Old ham, G. Hamilton, and S, J. Way, Q.C, 1 The AtfccsT SH6w.^-3£e need hardly reaurtd our readers tha$ ^he ^Royal;.. Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show takes place at the .Exhibition Building tq-(3ay. Tue exhibits for ?which prizes will be offered are sheep, poultry, ;game, birds, dogs, dairy and agricultural pro duce, fruito, vegetables, flowers, with South Australian industries and manufactures. To the pleasure to be derived from an inspection of these various classes will be added as usual the charms of music, and in the evening there will be a display of fireworks. Excursion tickets are to be issued at' all the railway stations on the North line, and, should the weather prove fine, a large attendance of visitors may be expected. The annual plonghicg match will be held at Tusmore on Friday. The CARANDrsi Concerts. — This evening the Carandini Company give the first of a new series of three concerts at the Town Hall, -when Miss Lizzie, Madame Carandini's third daughter, who has a fine contralto voice, will make her bow before an Adelaide audience. : Telegraphic Extension.— We understand that the work of constructing a branch telegraph from Beltana to the Blinman is about being entered upon. Such a line will be of great con venience to the mining districts of the Far North. A Caution to Iktesding Emigiuitcb to the Northern Territory.— The Leader asserts that there is in some quarter clearly an interested influence at work to cause a rush to the Northern Territory, and this upon the most insufficient evidence as to its auriferous resources. Before the Condor's passenger list was filled up for Port Darwin one gentleman professing to be possessed of private information convened a meeting in Melbourne, and expatiated on the richness of the Northern El Dorado. He found but few credulous hearers, and we cautioned the public at the time against giving a ready ear to private statements that wore unsupported by official data. The Condor filled up, however, with 146 passengers, thcugh it must be said that a larece proportion .were not miners. Encouraged by this success private reports have since Deen circulated at Adelaide of rich ground away north being dis covered, but its existence so far as it has been officially reported is'a myth, and there is great room for suspicion that a plan is in operation to create a Tush north for a Very different object than gold-finding. Adelaide land-jobbers who have takenup land in the Port Darwin District will;i find. ] its value increase in proportion as there is population to occupy it, and nothing is so well calculated to quickly bring population as a report that the country is auriferous. But 'what-, can be more indefinite than last Saturday's Adelaide telegram on the dis covery of a payable ' gold-field north? It states:— 'Although no definite informa tion has arrived ' respecting the exis tence of gold in the Northern Territory the news received favours the idea.' What news? it may be asked. Surely the remainder of the telegram advising intending ' prospectore' to take with them the. means of transport to the fields, which are 150 miles from Palmerston, does not favour the idea that a payable field has been discovered. It is no new thing to learn that gold exists in the North. It exists all over this, continent in more or less quantity, and. it is a rich joke, therefore, to suggest a tramp of 150 miles through an unknown country, inhabited possibly by hostile natives, merely to do that which may. be done much easier and less expen sively, in the more settled districts of these colonies with at least the same chance of success. There are plenty of prospectors in the North now, and mmers should wisely wait until they receive definite information from those already on; the 'ground. Meanwhile, Mr. Mackay, as Minister of Mines, would only be doing his duty as a Minister by communicating with the Govern- ' ment at Adelaide to ascertain if they are in possession o£ any information confirmatory ef the vague reports now in circulation. ? Goolwa Harbour. — Referring to the facilities for repairing river steamers, a correspondent' mentions that the largest .vessel on the Murray may shortly be hauled up and put into order, upon the reconstructed patent slip at Goolwa. - ? Coal Setply.— It is noted that the arrival at Port Wallaroo of the JKadina with 910 tons of coal and the.Goolwa with 909 has allowed most, of the furnaces at the Smelting Works to be relighted, and as other vessels are expected soon the residents hope that fuel will not for' many a day be so scarce as it has been. * Darling Runs.— Shearing is now general at the sheds in the Darling District, and there is every probability of an excellent clip. ' The Wool Seasox— The first load of thir season's wool was taken into Port Augusta on Monday from Mr; A, D. Sawer's Uno Station, on the west side of Spencer's Gulf. ; J Found Dead.— Henry Jones, a bottlecol lector, was on Wednesday found dead near Solomon's cottages, off Carrington- street. An inquest will probably be heldto-day. '; Grubs.— In the vicinity of Port Lincoln worms oi grubs are clearing large spaces of every , vestige of grass, but the feed springs again when the pests have disappeared, not, however, to the same extent. . „ ? ' Rowdyism.— What the* Americans call Hood, lumism was rampant at Blinman during last week, and three men were heavily fined for resisting Constables Porter and, Armstrong, who ' succeeded in locking up the most' determined rowdies. ' : ' : -? ' Vital Statistics.— The number :4-f births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday^ the 17th of August, were :— Birthsr-25 j males, ; 32 ? females ; ' deaths— 17 males, 10 females ; total— 57. births, .27 deaths. Excess of births, 30. - ?. ? .... An Odd Couple.— Not long ago, in Liverpool, John Melling, aged .72 years, and little more than four feet high, was married at All Saints' Church, Preston, by the Rev. G. BeardselL to Alice Berry, aged 59 years, and naarly 6 feet high. When tha couple appeared, in the street they were greeted with a. shower of coppers by a large crowd of spectators. , A Gioa-'TIC*Bbjdge.— The, Mowing are the dimensions of. the great bridge now being erected between New York and Brooklyn:— Total length, 5,872 feet ; breadth of central span, : l;600 ; elevation above high water, 130 feet ; width of bridge floor, 80 feet*; height of towers above high water, 268 feet; base of towers at water line, 124 by 56 feet The Young Millionaire.— in its gossip a foreign paper states that the Marquis of Bute is said to have come into the possession of £2,000,000 on attaining his majority, and enjoys a revenue of £300,000 a year. About two years ago an old Welsh philosopher, named Williams, left him £200,000, on the principle that to him who hath shall be given. Tnero is at the present time a suit going on in which the Marquis is the plaintiff, and which, if it should be decided in his favour, will bring him an additional £40,000 a year, besides arrears, which at the present time amount to £115,000. Cardiff has immensely benefited by this great accumulation of wealth. The docks projected by the. late Marquis have so enormously in creased the trade of the port that nearly 9,000 ships enter annually. The present Marquis h now constructing a new dock at a cost of foOO^O. The original Cardiff pastle, in which Robert Duke of Normandy was imprisoned, is a ruin. The more modernstructure, which was obtained possession- of by Oliver Cromwell, has been enlarged by its present owner, who has built a medieval tower, from the designs of Mr. Burgess. ^ Favoured by Mammon.— Among tha dis gustingly rich men of Boston is one worth §18,000,000, another §8,000,000, and six §5,000,000 each. A Startling Change.— The story goes tkat in Long Valley, United States, there lives an aged Indian, called Old Cap, or Clitey,the chief of that valley, who is turning white in spot3. This phenomenon began years ago, and has steadily advanced on his arms, hands, neck, and shoulders, until there are now large spaces where the cuticle is as soft and white as a baby's, though the surrounding colour is darker than that of many a mulatto. The old man is sick, but the process has never before been attended with any ailment, the skin gimply changing colour alon» a sharply-marked line, without flaking off or decaying. ' The old savage is rather proud than otherwise, hoping to become a white man before he dies; and when asked by the in terpreter where he expected to go when he departed this life, he replied that he didnt . know, but he was going to follow the Americans wherever they went. Mottkt GrAMBiEft-BerrAmc Gabdes.— It seemi that the- District' Cdoncil -oh G&mbier; ^West hav- i giyen up; the idea- for jibe present oif using. th- site applied for and grant 6 ri whereon to start £ Botanic Garden. , The reason for this decision i- that .the Government require the naming of trustees and the. signing of a deed, the cost ; of which is estimated at .£15 or £20. The Standard says that surprise lias been expressed at tha, Executive not adopting the much pore simple: and inexpensive course of proclaiming tho site.! The paper mentioned deprecates this obstruction having beea thrown in the way of the 6ecurin^' that which would as a botanical and experi-j mental garden have been an institution not only for Mount Gam bier but the South- East generally; A Telegraphic Love Affair. — The Marl-it trough Express says :— ' The other day a tele graph clerk telegraphed to a brother officer a hundred miles away that his sweatheart wa3 then in the office, and she had promised to marry' him in a month. It happened that the Manager, was in the operating-room, and reading off the; message by ear, sent back a reply, which wa*; short and severe — ' You are fined £1 fer allow-: ing a stranger inside the office; turn the woman; out.' Poor fellow ! the ' turn her out' tacked onj the money penalty was adding insult to injury.'; The Late Mr. Wextworth.— The resolution ? of the Legislative Assembly of New South! Wales the other day to accord a public funeral to the remains of the late Mr. Wentworth on their arrival in the colony stood out in strong relief from the ordinary course and matter of our colonial Parliamentary proceedings. Members of all parties, political antagonists and personal foes, cordially united here in the earnest desire to afford public recognition of the debt duo to the memory, using the words of Sir James Martin, of ' the most conspicuous public man, not only in this colony, but in this part of tho world.' The resolution was proposed by Sir James Martin in a speech full of eloquence and good feeling, and which gave an admirable review of the many and trreat services rendered to the cause of freedom and progress in Australia by Mr. Wentworth. In reading of '- the efforts of Mr. Wentworth to procure for the young community of New South Wales trial by jury, and afterwards representative institu tions and liberty of the Press, the fact is brought curiously home to us, that in the early days of , Australian colonization, although the colonies were founded by free men coming from a free country, the struggle for liberty, which is the ; vital principle pervading the centuries of English history, Lad to be reproduced here in many of its essential features. Instead of the arbitrary power of the Crown there was the equally arbitrary power of a military Governor, who exercised almost as absolute a rule as that of the Tudors. There was not the check of trial by jury, or of even the most servile re presentative body. The men amongst whom ilr, Wentworth occupied the position of leader had to fight over again the battles by which Englishmen wrung then* liberties in old days from the grasp of despotism. * Sir Jamos Martin did good justice to the ability, the elo quence, and the lofty patriotism displayed oy Mr. Wentworth in this: struggle, and when he ended with the word&r-;' I think it is proper for us in this room that we should now, on hearing of his falling to the grave in the fulness of his years and honours; crown the edifice, as it were, by receiving in a national kind of way his body, and accompanying it to its last resting-place, so that it may not be said that we are unmindful of our duty to the greatest of Australia's sons'— he was warmly cheered from all sides: of: the House., Mr. Parkes seconded the ' resolution, which was passed, all of the members standing while it was read by the Speaker.-- Argus. An Awkward Recognition.— The Pall Matt Gazette, in a late' Gccasional'Note,' threw out the suggestion that Marguerite Diblano might possibly be a man in female attire. In reference to this idea a curious circumstance is said to have occurred several years ago. in an English country house. For a period extending over' some months various small articles; of 'value, in the shape of jewellery, &c.;,- had from time to time unaccountably disappeared. 'Suspicion attached to no one, and m spite of every pre caution these mysterious depredations., con tinued. Things at length became so serious that it was resolved to send for a London detec tive, who, after inspecting the premises and putting some questions, requested that the servants of the house might be assembled in the dining-room.: This having been done, he enquired if all were present, and was told that every one. was in the room except tbe lady's maid, who was in attendance on one of the young ladies, an invalid. u Well,' he said, ' I should like to see the lady's-maid,' who was accordingly summoned. No sooner, however, had she entered the room than the detective, with a droll twinkling of his eye, exclaimed, ' Ah! Jim, is that you? I've been looking for you this long while.' Then pulling out a pair of handcuffs, he snapped them on the supposed damsel's wrist, she oeing a male returned con* vict who, in the capacity of Abigail, had lived for a year with the astonished and luckless family. , . -The Interesting' Column.-- A certain San Francisco papers head those announcements in its issue that are always read first by the fair portion of Press readers respectively— 'The Cradle, the Altar, and the Tomb,' while another! American journal uses as designations the words ; 'Hatched, Matched, and Dispatched.' A Georgia paper lately had the following among: its marriage notices: — 'On the 18th instant, Mr. T. Winkle to Miss Rachel Starr. T. Winkle, T. Winkle, little Starr.' . Affecting Circumstance.— A touching in cident is reported from Chattanooga, America. An utter sti anger called on a respectable farmer, and asked if his house .had. not been robbed during the war. The farmer replied that it had. 'I,' said the stranger, 'was with a marauding party that did it. I took a little silver locket. ' ' That looket,' said the farmer, bursting into tears, 'had been worn by my dear dead child.' ' Here it is,' replied the stranger, visibly affected 'I am rich— let me make restitution ; here are §10 for your little son.' He gave the farmer a 350 bill, and received §40 in change. He then wrung the farmer's hand warmly and left. The. farmer has since dried his tears and loaded his shot gun. The S50 bill was bad. . [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Adelaide to London TELEGRAPH.—The fol lowing is the weather report on the Port Darwin line for Wednesday :— ? ? Port Augusta— S., Ught, fine, ~ - Beltana— S.S.E., light, fine. Strangways Springs— S.E., light, fine. . . Peake— Very fresh, light, fine. ; . _ ? Charlotte Waters— S.E., light, fresh, cloudy. Alice Springs— S., fresh, fine, eloudy.- ;, Barrow's Creek— E. by S., strong, fine. Tennant's Creek— S.K, fresh, fine, cold. ; Primitive Methodism.— The Liberator has brought the Rev, S. Graham, who 13 to-be stationed in the Wallaroo District, and the Rev. Mr. Masterman, who will settle at North Adelaide. Both of these ministers have laboured for some years in connection with the Primitive Methodist body in England, and their pastoral efficiency and preaching power are highly spoken of by the denominational organs. At the farewell service.?, held shortly before they left the mother-country, cordial testimony was borne, not merely by ministers of their own Church, but by many others, to their worth and work. Ordination at Clare.— The Presbytery of South Australia met at Clare on Tuesday, August 21, to ordain Mr. Robert Mitchell to the pastoral charge of the Presbyterian Church in that town, rendered vacant through the translation of the Rev. W. Davidson to Wallaroo. Special interest was imparted to the occasion, as Mr. Mitchell is the first student who has been wholly trained to ministerial work in this province under tbo supervision of this Presbytery. He has been preactiin? to this congregation for several month.? with great acceptance, but could not bo ordained until he had completed a prescribed course of study. This having been accomplished, at the last meeting of the Presbytery the neces sary arrangements for his formal 'installation were made. The Rev. Mr. Henderson, it was decided, should preach, the Rev. Mr. Roddick preside, offer the ordination prayer, and give the usual charge to the young minister, and the Rev. James Lyall was to address the people. Tea and public meetings in celebration of the event were held in the Evening. We hear that duriDg the present week Jlr. Mitchell will take a leadiDg part in another interesting ceremony, 