Such things have no doubt been heard of as men sitting quietly at table sipping their wine while the rumbling of an earthquake made the glasses before them jingle, but ap parently in no way disturbed their serenity. Such happy individuals belong to the class known as Nil Admirari. Nothing astonishes them, or, if they are sufficiently disturbed for a moment to investigate anything unusual, they are sure to find, like Sir Charles Cold stbeam, that there is ' nothing in it.' We do not profess to belong to this apathetic body, and caanot close our eyes or shut our ears to what is visibly and audibly passing round. Witb. no desire, therefore, to lay any claim to pro phetic gifts, we can perceive that to-morrow is likely to be a very busy day in the Elec torate of East Sydney. We have no fear that there will be an earthquake, and beg to be understood as speaking figuratively, and with a desire to secure attention, in alluding to such a disaster as that. But it will perhaps be found that tho voting, and the declaration of the poll, will bo productive of more spirited proceedings than had been antici pated. The known and active agents whose appearance after long absence betokens the approach of a long contested election, as the Stormy Petrel precedes the advent of a tempest, would alone have announced the coming storm. These, however, are not the only indica tions of what is vulgarly called a 'row.' The Hon. W. B. Dalley, after a long ab sence from active political life, has suddenly emerged from the dignified state of compara tive seclusion which, for some time past, he had occupied in our Colonial House of Lords, and leaped into the arena with the most un bounded success, for the purpose of aiding in the noble task of saving the country. It would appear, from tho report of Mr. Dal ley's speech in the Masonic Hall last night, that, with his usual eloquence and ability, he denounced the conduct of Mr. PABKEsmost severely, his comments upon tho public career of that gentleman being chiefly directed against his proceeding with regard to the alleged Roman Catholic conspiracy against the Duke of Edinburgh, and his apparently sedulous endeavours, with only too much success, to raise and fan the flamo of national and religious hatred in this colony. Now, although much of the force of this denuncia tory sketch was derived from the attractive elo quence and well-remembered popularity of tho honourable gentleman himself, yet it was im possible to deny that its main strength lay in the fact of its substantial truth, which nobody present could deny. We observe that Mr. John Davies, who certainly would be acknowledged as a very good authority on tho subject of ^Orange bigotry and Anti-Popish conspiracies, was ' on the platform ' — not at all an inappropriate place, perhaps, under tho circumstances — and made no objection to Mr. D alley's reference to those plots and schemes which he had himself taken so prominent a part in. The association, for the nonce, must have been a triumph to Mephistopheles, if that malignant and sarcastic being still cumbers the earth occasionally with his mischievous visitations. The references to the private and commer cial character of Mr. Parkes, regarded as a matter of taste, are questionable, but re garded as matters of fact, are indisputable. They might, however, have been left to rest for the present, together with some of tho most unpleasant circumstances of the Prince's first visit to Sydney, six years ago. There needed no ghost come from the grave to re mind us of these matters. The electors of East Sydney had returned the present Colonial Secretary as their representative by a very large majority over all opponents, and we are not aware that he has boon accused of any further political or commercial crimes since that event — that he has discovered any more treasonable conspi racies, or incurred any new debts. If, there fore, the constituency now changes its mind, it must probably be owing to the combined popularity and persuasive powers of the Hon. W. B. Dalley and Mr. John Davies, or to distrust of the colleagues with whom the present Premier has associated himself in the formation of a Ministry. Tho defeat of the Colonial Secretary to-morrow might not necessarily involve the rejection of the whole Government, for we have had instances of Cabinet Ministers ' tramping it' all over the country, encountering defeat after defeat and still holding on to office ; but it would certainly give a great blow to Ministerial stability. ? Taken altogether, it may thus be antici pated that the coming election will be pro ductive of incidents of a very lively character. It is a source for congratulation when the constituencies show themselves awake to the responsibilities of the suffrage, and prove themselves worthy of it by the vigilance which they exercise in choosing their repre sentatives. If patriotism is suspected of being alloyed with some degree of latent animosity and personal hatred, it is no more than might be expected, and if it should chance that former associates are now found bitterly opposed — as it appears is now the case with Mr. Passes and Mr. John Davies — it is all the more probable that, whatever the upshot, the public will come by its own. 