TABLE T A L K . THE BORDER DUTIES QUESTION has again been n subject of correspondence between the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales, but the settlement of this question seems to be as far off as ever. Mr. DUPFY now says he is willing to renew tho existing arrangement and to pay £60,000 per annum in lieu of tho duties, or ho is willing to take an aoconnt and pay the exact sum that may be found to bo due, whether that sum shall be more or loss than sixty thousand pounds, but he is not willing to accept tho terms offered by a resolution of our Assembly, viz, sixty thousand pounds certain, and any additional amount fonnd to be due after the accounts of tho year have been taken and closed. "We are sorry to be obliged to feel that Mr. DUFFY is again in tho right, and thatthe position assumed by our Government is utterly indefensible. _ Mr. LORD ought, by this time, to be able to estimate tolerably accurately what revenue he could realize by re-establishing Custom Houses all along the border, and what proportion of this amount would bo absorbed by the expenses necessarily incurred in collecting the duties. If tho not amount greatly exceeds sixty thousand pounds, we cannot see that the Government have anything to gain by accepting Victoria's offer of that sum, or that it wonld be justified in making any considerable sacrifice of the pnblic revenue even for the purpose of preventing the local irritation which a re-imposition of the duties is certain to occasion. To do this would bo to sacrifice tho interests of the whole colony for the purpose of satisfying the unreasonable demands of a single district. But on the other hand, if, as we suspect, Mr. LORD is really in the dark on this subject and does not know what these duties would amount to, nothing can be fairer than Mr. DUFFY'S second offer, to take an aooount and pay over the precise amount thns ascertained to be due—particularly as this arrangement would quite meet the views of the Border settlers. Whilst there might be some risk in acoepting sixty thousand pound's or any other lump sum, and whilst such acceptance would be clearly improper if there be any foundation for the belief that the duties really exceed £100,000 per annum, we cannot soe how this Government can suffer by taking what an account shows to be due. And it seams to ns thatthe Victorian Government have the best of the argument when they insist that there is no equity in an arrangement under which they would be bound to pay sixty thousand pounds yearly, whether the duties amount to that sum or not. The fact, we fear is, that Sir JAMES MAHTIN'S Melbourne bounco placed his Government in a false position, and that retreat would now be difficult even if matters had romained as they were when Parliament assembled. But they have boon made more complicated by the amendment which was moved and carried at the instigation of the Government upon Mr. JEN- KINGS' motion, because tho Assembly having asserted that sixty thousand pounds shall be the minimum, and that such additional sum as an account accurately kept may show to bo due shall also be paid over, and the Melbourne Government having distinctly refused to accede to this proposition, we cannot see thot any further negotiation is possible, until the House is prepared to rescind what it has recently resolved. Thus matters stand, then, at present. Wo suppose the re-opening of Border Custom Houses is now inevitable. MR. PARKES HAS BEEN RETURNED, as we anticipated, and his majority is respectable; but the election was not exactly such.a walk-over as he Becms to have anticipated when he made the speech of which we gave the substance in our last issue. Considering that Mr. O'CONNOR was quite a stranger, and an untried politician, whilst his opponent is nearly as well known in ono part of the colony as another, and " spoko with a voico that would be potential in the country"—boing moreover, " conscious of his own position, knowing it to be one of great strength in tho country," Mr. O'CONNOB certainly polled well, and may be said to have come out of tho contest with' flying colors. There can bo no doubt that Mr. PARKES will bo a sore thorn in tho side of the present Government—that ho will annoy and harrass its members upou every possible occasion, but that ho can induce any considerable number of those who now vote with Sir JAMES MARTIN to withdraw from their allegiance, we do not believe ; and it is quite clear that he cannot induce all the members of the present Opposition to follow his lead. As between PARKES, and MABTIN, SULII men as MAC- LEAY, FORSTER, SUTHERLAND, and SAMUEL, will probably be noutral, and without their aid it is highly improbable that another Government could bo formed, of the material at present available, that would bo preferable to the present. However, in about a fortnight more we shall see. If half the present Assembly should at once enrol themselves under Mr.PAHKEs' banner, honorable members would not exhibit any greater inconsistency thnn has already boon displayed. We ought not therefore to be much astonished if we have a PARKES' Government within the year. Who knows what PARKES, FARNELL, and WISDOM, may not jointly accomplish, if they can get tho assistance of RYAN, ECKFORD, BOCHANAN, and CUIIHINGS. It is said that Mr. ROBERTSON has pulled out at least one-third of his beard since tho Mudgoe election, and that Sir JAMES MARTIN'S repose has boen much disturbed by visions of the " Ghost" which follow him on all occasions. THERE SEEMS TO BE A GROWING INCLINATION to divide the country into a number of smaller States; for in almost every newspaper that we take up there is something in favor of''Separatiob." Thus, at Albury, the people are insisting that their commcrcial interests have been too long beaten about, like a shuttlecock, between Melbourne and Sydney, and they desire to see Rivcrina converted into another colony. Prom Grafton and the Richmond the news is the same; they want to be allowed to set up for themselves instead of joining Queensland as they might once have done, and may perhaps do yet, if the " Separation" demanded iu that colony should be granted, and the Northern districts be thus lost to the Brisbane Government. A division of the country into small districts for the purpose of local self. Government may perhaps not be without its advantages ; but if Australia is ever to be a nation a federation of nil the colonics will become more necessary in proportion as the number of these minor States shall be increased. Even now joint action for certain purposes, and above all a Customs' Union is a great desideratum. It is excessively annoying to those who are engaged in commercial pursuits to find thomselves perpetually followed up by officers of the Customs, and to settlers who lire near the borders that they cannot even consume upon one side of the line produce grown by themselves on the other without first paying a duty at the Customs' House. We go in for an entire abolition of all intercolonial duties, and for perfect freedom of trade between all. This conccded, it will become a mere question of money into how many provinces existing colonies shall be divided. If the people are disposed to pay the expenses of seven or eight Administrations when half that number would suffice, we don't see any great objection to it. Remote districts grumble now because their wants are overlooked; separate thom and then they will complain of the expunsiveness of local Government; and so, we suppose, grumbling will go.on to the end of the chapter. THE TOBACCO CROP of tho district looks well, so far, and there seems to bo a general impression that it will exceed an average one. We aro told that more laud thun usual has boen planted, and thut tho avorago yield will exceed 15 hundred-weight to tho acre. Tho older and heavier variety IIOR been to a considerable extent discardod, and a fine silky variety substituted. I WE OBSERVE THAT POLICE CONSTA- I BLES are again employed in collecting names for the Electoral Roll, and in compiling tho Agricultural statistics of the district—a.practice which has boen generally condemned,' both in and out of Parliament, but is still persisted in because it avoids the expense which would, of course, be occasioned by the employment of per- SOIIB charged with tbefie duties alone. In; the Manning district—to which adequate police protection has never been supplied—it would bo a sufficient objection to this practice, to say, that really these mnn cannot afford time to discharge such duties efficiently. With three different lock-ups to guard—being compelled at shortinterfals to escort prisoners fifty or sixty miles to the nearest gaol—and being also required to keep an eye upon the many suspicious charac ters who seek to hide themselves In a district which now contains more than, five thousand inhabitants—it is simply absurd to imagine that without the grossest neglectof their regular work the police can find time togo to all the out-of-theway places in which people have settled down, for the purpose of a-certaining whatnames ought to be added to the Electoral Roll; and the consequence is that at every election large numbers find themselves disfranchised. So too with the agricultural information obtained in this way. We admit that so far as circumstances allow,this work is faithfully performed; but we repeat that other duties prevent the police from goin;*. through the district as carefully as it ought to be traversed, and the result is that the tables, when made up, are too imperfect to be relied upon It seems to us that ono of two things must be true —either this information is worth having or it is not. If it be desirable to have a full Electoral Roll and complete Agricultural Returns, men should be employed and paid in such a way as would of itself guarantee something like accuracy in their work. Butifit bea matter of no conse- |uence whether these duties are thoroughly per- or hurriedly skimmed over, then it is ?ormed quite unnecessary to withdraw the police from their proper work for the purpose of-devoting their time to this. - Economy is all very well in its way, but we confess to a want of appreciation of that kind of economy which is effected by compelling anj public officer ^to neglect duties appropriate to his place for the purpose of dis- . charging as best he can, other duties which might be more properly entrusted to others. And whilst up-tn this subject we desire again to call the attention of the Government to the risks to which all law-abiding colonists are exposed in consequence of the paucity of the police. It has happened, and may at any time happen again, that whilst prisoners were confined in one or two of the lock-ups, the constables in charge of those buildings were compelled to escort other misdemeanants to Port Macquarje or Sydney, and that but one constable was left for several days together in the district. Supposing that one of the lock-ups had been forced at such a time, or that a murder or a rape had been committed,who would have prevented the escape of the wrong doers ? If any of the numerous rivers and creeks which lie between the Manning and Port Maequarie had happened to be flooded whilst the police were away, who would have preserved order during the fortnight over which their absence might have been extended ? Instead of three, the Manning ought to have eight police constables. Two should be stationed at Tinonee, two at Wingham, and an equal number at Taree and Cundletown. One man might then always be found at each station, guarding his prisoners,and at the same time being ready to receive and enter charges against offenders who were at large, whilst the other men would be at liberty to patrol the district and visit places in which they are now rarely seen. If it be objected that no police constable has been stationed at Tinonee for some years, we answer that we know it, and we know also that when COLLINS did reside here there were fewer disturbances than there are at present. There were then two public-houses in the village ; now there are three. At the time we speak of, money was more abundant,and rum- : kegs might have been found in almost every farm house; but now there is no wholesale trade, and thirsty souls do all their imbibing in the towns. Fewer hogsheads of ardent spirits now go down the throats of five thousand people thain were formerly consumed by about half that number of inhabitants, but then the drinking instead ot being habitual and constant in private houses as it was in those days is now irregular and spasmodic in central places ; and, as the result, there is more disorder and more need of police supervision. We trust these facts will attract the notice of the Government, and that something will be done to remedy the evils of which we complain. SINCE THE TERMINATION OP THE HOLIDAYS people seem to have settled down quietly to their work, so that we hear of no aocidents or other occurrences worth recording. The weather continues to be all that the farmers desire. Fine showers at short intervals with warm days succeeding them have not only given the grass a start in grazing paddocks but have also caused weeds to spring up by thousands upon every acre of cultivated land, so that " he who by the plough would thrive" finds quite enough to engage his attention at present. Tho Almanac makers say next week will be fair if the wind is East or South East, but that we shall have more rain between Tuesday and Friday if the wind happens to blow from tho North or North East. Continued showers will do no harm, but the district could dispense with more rain for the present. THE CONTRACTOR FOR THE CONVEY- ANCE of the mail between Tinonee and Wingham has applied for permission to travel on this side of the river instead of crossing at Tinonee as bus boen the practioe for some years past. In the abseuce of any objection to this ohange, no doubt his petition will be granted. A CORRESPONDENT in the South Passage says:—" I wish to call your attention to the fact that the river steamers rnn about at night without showing lights or blowing thoir whistle. It mny be neoessary sometimes to move about after dark, owing to the tides, but then a lamp would not be very expensive, ond would be a great preventative of nocidents." Our correspondent adds au observation which is unwarranted unless he is in possession of proof that shipments have beon mode in the night which there were reasons for not making in tho day time. We object to anonymous insinuations—and particularly whon, as in this instance, no proof is adduced to show that they are not groundless. THE EFFECT OF THE FAILURES that occurred in this district last year, and of tho shuffling resorted to by some persons to avoid the payment of thoir just debts, is now beginning to be felt in the iucreascd difficulty experienced by those who desire to raise money, upon what appears to bo good security. Several largo nonresident lenders, are now realizing upon their bonds, and this makes money matters vory tight at prosont. We have reason to boliove that other non-residents are preparing to follow the example just alluded to, and that a very considerable withdrawal of capital from tho district wijl bo. mado during tho next few months. So it is that we all suffer for the delinquencies of a fow ; and thus another reason is aflorded for refusing to give tho slightest countenanco to those who act dishonestly. Tho sbufflerdoos not injure those to whom he is indebted only, but he injures tho credit of the whole district, and renders it moro difficult for those who aro really honost to procure neoessary accommodation. Whilst, therefore, all sympathy is duo to those who liuvo beon visited by misfortunes not due to any fafilt or negligence of their own, no quarter should be shown to the larger class, who rocklosslv waste tho means entrustod to thoir keeping and then spongH off their indebtednoss in an Insolvent Court, or so dispose of their assets as to place thuni buyoud the reach of creditors. WE HAVE AGAIN TO WELCOME the A etc South Wales Medical Gazette. Its Jan- URIY number contains an article on Mjnd and Memory from the pen of Dr. Ross, which is certainly^ a curiosity in its way; a paper on Vaccination from the same pen—this article being a continuation of former remarks upon the improbability that other diseases will be communicated if moderate care bo used in Vaccination; a translation from Thucydides by Dr. CAMPBELL, which supplies an account of a great plague with some of its prominent .symptoms ; An interesting paper on the tea plant, in which ltis insisted that the inhabitants ofNew South -Wales might readily grow, instead of importing, an article in almost universal use; a clinical case; an editoriah article; original correspondence; foreign gleanings; local items; and the like. Publishers—GIBBS, SHALLARD and Company, 108 Pitt-street, Sydney. _ THE STEAMER CAME IN this week on Thursday—her mails having been delivered "it Tinonee shortly after noon. Passengers—Mr. and Mrs. VERNON, Miss GIBSON, Mrs. BAM, Miss SMITH, Mrs. SHAW, Messrs. BARNES, STEVENSON, M'DONALD, COLLOPY, MACOIVREN, GIBSON, PREDDY, BARRBTT, and "CORNISH, Master BURNETT, and one in the steerage. We understand she will leave the river again to-day. 