ADELAIDE. ' sSATUBDAT. ..,The Encounter Bay election has been upset by the Court of Enquiry.ý: Reynolds and Everard have been.both unseated. ' * Tint CusTOSI AND COuAheAN's BADn,-Somo misunderstanding has arisoen in reference to the action taken by the Customi' authorities -in respect to Chapman's Band. - Without going into any particulars we may simply state that last year when the band visited Launceston some of the instrumente, adinitted free as per sonal effocts, woro sold in town, to the injury of the revenue and of resident tradesmen. On the present occasion when the s.c. Derwent arrived, the Collector of Customas instructed iri officer to take charge of the instruments and ms. am inventory of them, and yesterday, merpmg, on Mr Chapman ?iving a guarantee atht they should be ro-shipliod from the colonly, permis sion was given for them to be landbd, A Hoax.--A very stupid story, has obtained credence in some quarters to the effect that the visit of Mr O'Shannassy to Tasmania has been made with the view of treating on the part of the Victorian Oovernn?bnt for thes annexation of our little island to Victoria 1. We may state that is only a little canard got uip at the oxpense of those dreamy indlviduals who profess to seq in annexation a panacea for all our ills. ' ]BETTN?? .-The ?rgt?s of Friday reports that bettingv was-very slack. -For' the Launceston Cup Warrior was quoted at 2 to 1, and Contessa at 5 to 2.' On the following day the same journal reports that an effort was made to put back .Warrior and smake Misty Mqorn first favorite. . .' O CAMPBELL TOWVN MVNIOIPALITY.-At a meet ing of the local' Council 'hold' last week, the municipal rate for the current year wds fixed at 9d in the pound. to be levied in two instalments of ad aud 3d respectively, on let March ansdlst Sept. _ _ TE Chuirclih of England Synod is to meet at Hobart Town on Tuesday 27th inst. INCENDDIrAuM, it is stated, is becoming very' prevalent in the country districts of Victoria. Crops and stacks are 'generally selected' by the fire raisers. *: S"THE' PEOPLE's FRIEND. - This temperancO journal for the current month is to hand. Surrl't?O WIIeAT Fi eo?'MLeHrnouna To wIo LAN.-LMast Tlirsday's eAiyis states ithat tho larcO Iron clipper ship Ioch.~ Tay having delavored iher lnward cargoin ii first-rate ordr, has been takeenup ta hltad Wlteat for Liverpool. Although severau vessels Iave taken grain and broadstuffs from that piort in large quantitioes, the Lc:Tay may be said to be among the first shi>s which have sailed from there for England with a cargo conslting oxeluslvoly of Victorian grown wheat. A MEtnLOUIna Out' WINNni SoL FLonI £6. Toryboy, the hero of 1805, has boon knocked down by naution for the modest sum of six oveigns. A Melbourne papor states that Mr James larton was the pure asor, and remarks that theoro can be no disputing the fiat ofthe: bargaill boing a cheap onoe for tlh grey Is worth treble the money forhacking purposes."Tr "? les" thus laments over lhm:-"Poor ol 'Toryboy Who doesn't remtnomber theo gallant little grey coming detorminedly up the straight on that memorable Cup-day, vanqluishing the magnif-. cenit Panic mid a field of crack-horsoes, nitking Inon's lips white, upsettitig endless calculations, and sonding thousands of pounds into circulation between wuiners and losers. Alas I for racing faInucrrto.-The ceremony of inducting the Rev. Brookoe Bailey into the ineunbeney of the iarish of White Hills and St. Leonards was per ornted in St. Peter's Church, St. Leonards, on Sunday afternoon by tie Von.' Archdeacon' Browne, assisted'by the'tRevs.'M. B. Brownrigg and W. H. Savigny. The usual evening service having boon read by the Rov. Mr Savigny,-(in which psalms CxxII, OxxxII, oxxx?ii were specially selected for the responses ; the lessons being-first,' xxxlIi chapter 'ofEzekiel, verses Ito x,--seecond, x chapter Gospel of St. Johnlm, verses to xix), the Archdeacon announced tihe object for which they had assembled, and then readthe prescribed letter of institution from the Bishop. After which W. H.Wsoatbrook;'Esq., Senior Warden, handed the keys of 'the churoh to the now Incumbent saying "Sir, In the name and on behalf of the parishioners of the parish of White Hills and 'St. Leonards I 'do receive and acknowledge you,, the Rev. Brooke Bailey, as Incumboent of thoe samne, and in token thereof give into your hands the keys of this churclh;" to which the Rev. Mr Bailey replied, "I, the Rev. 13rooke Bailey, receive those , keys of the house of God at your,'hands, as the pledgosaof my institution and of your parochial recoge: nition, and promise by-the help of God to bena' faithful shepherd over you in the name of the Father, and of the Son;' and of 'the (Holy Ghost." A prayer having 'booe :offered, the Archdeacon handed the Incumbent a Bible an'd a Prayer Book, and said, "Recoivoethese books, and lot them be the rule of thy conduct in dis. pensing the Divine Word, in leading the do votions of the people, and in exercising the discipline of the Church; and be thou in all things a pattern to the flock committed to thy care." An anthem comprising several verses from the lxviii., exxxv., exlv., and cxlvii. rsalms, was tlhen repeated, wlhen prayer was again offered, and ii benediction having been pronounced by the Archdeacon, the new Ii cumbont, who up to tlhat time had occupied a seat without the Commnunion rails, entered, and kneeling at the table offered aloud a personal supplication ;the ceremony of induction being concluded by prayer from the Incumbent, the Von. Archdeacon preached a very appropriate sermon, taking as his text thoe 20th verse of the 13th chapter of St. John-" Vorily, verily, I say unto you, he that receiveth whomsoever I 1 send, receiveth me ; and he that recoiveth me, receivotli him that sent tme." The congregation though not to say large was very attentive, and appeared to take deep interest in the corc mony. CllUltne or TIIH APOSTLEs.-Theo singing of this church was rendered particularly attractive on Sunday, when Mr Henry Gordon, the basso profondo of the Carandini Company, sang one of Mozart's beautiful offertories in a manner seldom equallod for taste and expression. The attendance was unusually largo.. ' THe HOLiDAYs.-The Governor has been pleased to approve of the public offices id Latin eston being closed at noon on Tuesday and' Wednesday, i-st and second days of the races. SUDDEN DEATH AT WESTBURY.- At the inquest held on the man Taff Monaghan, who fell down dead in a street in Westbury on Thursday morning last, the jury returned a verdict to the offect that he died in a fit of epliepsy, accelerated by drink. MAIL For ENGLAND.-On reference to .the Post- oflice notices in another column it will be seen that an extra mail for England, to be despatched by the R.M.S.S. Bangalore, is to be made up here on Tuesday next, 13th inst., at'l p.m. Filte.--Last" Fridui moaring' the. villa resi dence now int course of erection for.Mr '11. H. Willis, in Lyttleton- strooet, had a narrow escape from boeing seriously damaged by fire, if not from total destruction. A heap of shavings by some means became ignited, and flaring up would soon have taken a firm hold of the framework of the building had not tbo workmen, by the speedy application of'buckets full of water, extinguished the flames. As it was, some of the studs were slightly charred. 