SKETCHES FBOM QUEENSLAND, Evcrylljfng was Jn ft flourishing _Ute at Raven-wood, splendid reefs daily being dis ourcrcd ; butat the time we arrived, there was only one 'crashing innchlnc,' tlie owners of which charged almost what they liked, and there being lho_iu_ids of tons of quartz ' grassed' and waiting tn be crushed. Bat in we course or a tew weeks mere were tbrcc or fo_r others bel-p erected, and a consc 4uent reduction in tht price of crushing. We remained about Uiree weeks _ere, employed our lime visiting different rushes, also the far-famed river Burdeklu, 14 or 15 inilcB diaUun, abounding In iV- mid alligators— a warning to unwary Until* - '? -. We made up a pro-poctiug party of fo1 a new rush, ?J miles distant, as much [,„? .he norehy as expected treasure. T. and brother, self, and a mighty hitf Iridbimui. a practical umlau experienced digger, whom we induced to enter our serricn by t)ie oiTvr of his ' tucker' and a share in whatever we got, which we f-UhftiUy adhered lo— flndlug nothing 1 We wandered about a good deal orcr strange country, pick and shovel and tin dkh (and revolver '.), but were never rewarded for our trouble, invariably getting tho ' co]or' bui nothing more. A few -iaya before breaking up our camp I got a touch of illness, which we concluded was the fore runner of fever and ague, nwd n rnnclusion justified by subsequent CTents ; however, we started off to the main camp again, and eot into more civilised life, nnd, in our leisure moments, got n few kindred spirits together, ouil by dint of practice atid perseverance a creditable Cliriaty Minstrel company was fonjied to perform in aid of a hospital, an CBiau.isliim'nl sadly wanted. T, and Relf took part in the first performance, clinked 4s admission, and the diggers ' rolled up' en thusiastically. We raised £7 the flrat night aua about £R the next, mid considered it a goad beginning -, however, such was the start. They have now (two years since) a good hospital, and a capacious theatre, with a capitA. amateur dramatic company, and ltavcnswood a nourishing place. Hut withaf the novelty of the life and now scene, I hud heen for the last ten days having my fever and ague attack regularly every ntbpr day, and was Iwjjiiming to feel somewhat Inn worse, so made up my mind to leave for Cleveland Hay as soon an possible. It was very prevalent amongst the digperB— a great healthy looking niau one week would be pulled down to a ghost of himself the next t iswondcrfnJJyreguJariniwtiiucof Attack;' for instance myself— it uacd to come on al* most lo ilic minute, at a quarter to four every olhcr afternoon. You hear men spaaking about ' my day to-day' or ' my day to-morrow,' meaniog their day of attack. Mi i nine is the great sUmd-by, but that is not inf-lliutc. If it it, possible and time can be spared, those subject to it go to the sea side for a week or so, but Btrajige to say, on re turning and crossing the range, almost in variably does thefovcr return. It generally begins with a shivering, and the roots of one's nails become blue— the shivering gels into a violent shaking— till getting into bed, and then for a time all the blanket- in the universe won't warm one. And when one does begin to lose (lie 'shakes,' a violent Ml Iioub sick ue 68 comes on, lasting a minute or two, then follows a burning fever for half-an-liaur or so, tilt one com mences to perspire, which ia done with a vengeance for boqic minutes, when the attack is over leaving one an hclp)esK un a new born babe. This sort of thing for a week or two is by no means exhilaratlnR, so bidding Havens wood and ttic two T'h adieu I left (n company with a friend for the Bay, very shaky On arriving at tho Ifortoii, where we stayed the night, we heard that i-n unfor tunate man had died tbero that after noon from fever. This wasn't enoournging. Karly n-'xt morning we slartod and potto U'ichardt Crook, 18 nnlos, whore there is a shanty, and whore, after a'bogio' in the crerk, we liad breakfast, such as it was This being my day for the fever we deter mined to stop till the afternoon, aud ride in taken ill 'on the roadside. However, just as wo were fiivisliin}; breakfast 1 was rather startled by the sudden arrival of the 'shakes,' as the ajruc js vulgarly oslJ-_— brought on muni probably by the bathing wlijle some what hut from riding. I turned in between some blankets on. a rough stri*(t'her in il^. shanty, and went through the usual ooursc— ague, sickness anJ fever — -and was left so weak And ill, I couldn't gel out of the bunk, without assistance. I was carried out on the strotcher and laid *uh tegmitie curalypfi and there remained for about five hours not able to lirinlrorloiidi a moutliful of fnod (ill Ihc wifo of the sUanty-kccpcr (lone lifo lo iicr !) nianufacturL'il me n driuk with an ogfj n»J some brandy wliiuh Bomowhiit enlivened mo. Till' Men of ridhia; somo forty-die milts, ill as I was,I wouldu'l Ucarnf, preferring to Iny thtirc and come -m liy a chance dray. Hvu mr companion regularly bullied mo into stiirliiiK.lmwcver; ho had to catch ami saddle my horse, put my bools on, \c, in fact drew mr, lift mo on to a cliafr alongside tdc hnr«o, across which F scrambled and managed to sit it will, soini' difficulty, but afUT riding n nhort distance commenced lo feel Iiellnr smi grs.taa.lly Rut all risht ajuln, ireltlni! into TiiwmvilU.. aboul 2 o'clock In tho moruinR. Sly companion went to his own house., aud J tried tot- upwards of on hour to pot acoeis lo ?omo of the llutfl» but nono of them ivould onwi or pay any attention to roc at that hour. tjiieclviUnndlnnl, in reply to my request, and having told him how far 1 had ridden and Hie condition o( body I was in, lold me ' J had bettor cimp out.' I was in rather an awkward fli, but hunted up the doctor, who gave me a shake down ou the floor. Nexl day I intended to prosecute Ihe whole batch ol landlords for refusing admis sion to a traveller, hut another dose of fever put a stop toit.andin (uot 1 lud It continually for three or four days i but repeated doses of quinine and Iron, and sea-bathing, noon set me un a little. Staid about ten days in TownsriJIo, a»d_ started south agaif, _u tlie Dlack Swan. On arrive! at bowen. went ashore, and with the assistance of B. hunted up H., the batman, wlio frequent);? goes out lo the various reefs and island.8 coifet aud turtle collecting, and wllb whom, i( it were possible^ intended going on ono of his excur sions. H. was at home, and intended starting that cvpninE al 8 a'olaok, so I made arrangements tu go with him. Wont back to ii*., and, making up my mind for a fort^ night's etay,Bcntfor my things tothosuiaincr. 11., a thin, tmirfi, little nun, was the essence of politeness aoi} oirility. His houae had been till lately a public house, but hard times, no business, &c;, &c;, necessitated closing a most respectable estab lishment. However, U. requested mo to take up my quartors thore as a friend, which I did. In the evening, at the appointed time, provided wltb a valise containing change of old clothes, boots, &c;, bottle of rum, tobacco, &c;, I went down to the jetty, found everMbim* \reuiy, and went off in s dingy with It. to the large boat, a two- masled kcten, well shaped, ond very trim, »bp«tl5 or 20 tons, and found two, olhcr occupants. 1)., an old woodca-lflggcd salt, who ocUid an skipper, ttnd a South Sea Islander named or pronounoed ' Kanscr.' We were w sooner ou board than the dingy wo* hoisted on board, up anchor, Eflilfc set, aud with a nice gentle broc&o;, glided out of the harbor Hko it ghost, « cloudless sky, and a. full moon, rendered it most enjoyftblo. The stranger-feeling s.oon wore oft, and as we lit our pipes and got sociable, quickly kne« each other. H was a very Jolly sort of fellow, and loquacious. B. rather quiet been at sea all bis life— wrecked times without i^umiief — ^nd on one occasion, at Port l\iii »on, luadvertcntly put Ills leg into a shark's mouth, thereby losing o consider, able portion of {Iks calf, necessitating ampntatlon. Th lack boy, a short thickset, muscnlar person, being crew, cook, aivor, »nd In hot Piultum in parm. We had a splendid sail down to Middle Island, a small iBland at the entrance to the bay about 12 miles distant, where we anohorod for ilie night iu a sccuro aud sheltered spot, and turned in on dock, under a sail ; it was warm enough without any covering, but the heavy dews ncccssitatodeuchbprccaution. Of course we periodically woke up half a dozen times in the course of tho night to sen haw the wind and tide werct and as frequently having a pipe and a ' nightcap.' Our chief object in coming to this Island was on account of lite coral on the bunks surrouadiu? ft, of which we were to take tn a. saprily. But next moraine, It being high ttdo, there was, too much watef foj working, so we had to wait till the afternoon, in tlie meantime fifhing, or trying to fish, for though there were thou sands of fish of all soru, shapes, and sties jumping out al tho water, almost asking tn bo, caught, yet onr nooks and lines kept getting so much entangled in the coral, that In a. short time we lost somo dozen hooks, and a good many yar4s ofltac, and gave It op u «, M Job, ana went to sleep tffl the IJde tutted, howerer, in dno wwiwtheatngy tn lowered, Jn got H. with the piddles, myself in.4. tht. black boy with a jjjuII faon crowbar about a foot lone i va soon got oft to sutublo grannd, with about sliiwt of water, when «rcr Jumna: the h-k boy (clothed tn dsTtaw of iflrst), and proceeded to. work, searching about tot suitable pieces, wo fept paddling aftei him, seeing him as plainly as tf there wen so water i when he met* nieoe tattae; hli tanoy be— mil dig It up with the orowbar and king It up tlongsUe the oiogr. when, Ii It was all right, we would take it in, if uot throw it away. It was a lovely sight, float ing over, as It were, a beautiful flower gar den, all the colors of tho rainbow bencatli, and one couldn't help thinking that i[ liierc were such things as fairies and mcrmuids wliat jolly times they must have of it, and felt a cliarming sensation as I watched the darkle root up a lovely purple pier, and bring it to tbc top ; but what was my chagrin and dUappoiutmcnt wl)en, with a sun uf ' hcJgb Vrcsto begone1' movement, U ap peared above water a dirty browninh, slimy looking lump. The water is so transparent that an object can be distinguished easily ut a depth of forty to fitly feet ; thu fUh '?veil can bo readily discerned. When we ... ' ?ot a load we stowed it away below mi I)d:ii'-1 the large boat and went off for niiotli.-i- i-aruiv We obtained sonic beautiful -|n..uiiiii'iin jiurli.ularly of the Klaguoru and Drain -iM-ies, liul nt tlie lime their beauty was not sufficiently appreciated by tuo till sonic days afterwards, when they had been cleaned up, being boiled in a large cauldron of which, being exposed to the wcatliei- and bleached, they became, snowy white. H. had a xptcndiu1 collection in a little yard at the rear of his house, some half dozen long tables covered with thousands of different kinds. However, at 5 o'clock we had a goml cargo, thanks lo the exertions of the black boy, who had been aa much in the water as out of ilfromSo'clock till 5, remaining under docan't seem much but considering he was at it for three hours with only a quarter of an hour's rest iu the whole lime, it was on board we mode a start seawards for IIul Ijoiii Island about 2S or 3D miles distant, die peak of which was just visible above the horizon, hut the wind and tide being un and U. and self went off to the Island in a dingy, taking a 6hinglc hammer and kiunll crowbar, and collected oysters, the rocks licltig crammed with tlicm. We soon got about a couple of bushels, knocking scqucnlly did an oyster supper. About midnight, the wind proving more favorable, wo again started for llolbom Island, the sea being tolerably smooth, aud came to anchor in a beautiful tittle bay about 4.3U a-ai. Our object in viBiting this place was to procure turtle, of which, aa will presently appear, there were plenty. Just before sunrise we wont asliore to havo a look round, and landed ou a splendid beach, glaringly white, formed of pulverised coral, mad rather diffi cult to walk on, especially with bare feet, for my costumo was adapted to the occasion ana climate — broad-brimmed, high- crowned wideawake, Crimean ahirt, open al tUc neck and cbest, sleeves tucked up, trowscrs ditto, aud no boots or stockings— and so perambu lated the beach for nearly a mile by myself, exploring every littlo nook, bay, and cavern, and examined the curious rocks and stones, iroproflst*] iritli the forms and shapes of myriads of diffcrontspccics of shells, the work of agcs,artd afu;r vainly endeavoring tc obtain a specimen— o& there were none loss than a hundredweight or fio— and after trying in vain to get up tbu face of au Inaccessible cliff I returned lo the boat for breakfast ; the Mack boy In thomointlmc having been toot ing up turtle nests for eggs but unsuccess fully. After breakfast, consisting of milk loss coffee, salt juuk, bread and ahaiots, we went ashore again, the mon getting some boiling down apparatus ready for Bbipping, 1 armed cap-a-pie with gun and ammunition, knife, smoking apparatus and boots, tutcut on anKploringexpcdition, anil started oft with a regular Kobinson Crusoe fccliug. Tlie island at its extreme points was about three miles long and its greatest width about three quarters of a mile, with a tolerably high mount or peak in the centre. I had to pass t lirough a dense scrub of beautiful shrubs and trees, willi a wonderful variety of foliage, but tbo undcrvrood and vines of all kinds, made it almost impenetrable, aud many a tumble I had over these vines, for Ihoy were »o remarkably One and yet bo strong, that to attempt to ignore them mado it troublesome work. As torgame,tlicro were a few scrub turkey, hut un.get-at-ablo, Ou the hide* of tlie iiiiis and open ground, quail abounded In thousands ; a fine large grey ojuW have knocked three nr four'over with slicks nnd HtoncK at pleasure i I did uot evert myself however or waste any ammuni tion, retaining my powder and energy for a possible hostile rccuntion on the part of BOniL'lhing ; for thougli au aboriginal was never known to have ventured out so far, yet in wandering about in an out of the way sort of place like this by oneself , there Is a kind nf unecrtainty aud an uiiilenncablc sort nf fooling, like playing with an unloaded gun— there is no saying when it might go off. nwovcr, I wauderod on in uninterrupted solitude and followed a little valley ir.ttreeol ing Ihc island for about a quarter uf a mile whon I came into another scrub, and aflcr scrambling about fur some time, suddenly emerged on tu a tiresccnt-shaped fairy .like boaoU, snowy-white and sm.ralh, about 6(1 yards long and flanked al cioh end by huge rliff». up one of whicli, after a spol' ami smoke, I clan\V.eml, and on tn ihc summit of tlio peak, whence I had an ex tensive and rather n grand view.; Anay to the east the great Harrier Hoof was just visible i to tho weal the much broken cua£l lin*1 of tho mainland, and nearer hand o hlrd's-cyo viow of the whole island. While sitting duwn and admiring the viow, and thinking how remarkably quiet and still everything was, ray reverie was rather starlliuRly hrokeu in upon hy au nmiuous boo-boO'booing from a large thick bush In the immediate vicinity, the only one for iialf n mile round, and right on the summit, then a tremendous rustling aud acmwbliug. A enrilln, by jingo 1 was. toy tnslnut thought Hew a large .wanip pheasant, but it mine so tdf.s*?, n,ud with such a Btunnlng effect, I hadn't the least idea how to shoot it. The top of tuc peak is about 900 feet above tho sea, from wh,lch close in shore, oould be seen numerous corfll banks, and what was more to the, purpose, I w- about a dozen turtle crawline; nliaut in the shallow witcr, even at IhO height 1 was above there, and of ivnich Bcrcral got into our dutches during tho even ing. I ret urnod to the boat, and in tho after noon we tried tlsliing, but the bait being bod wore unsuccessful. Tho water Is so wonderfully olcur hero that with Iu fathoms of chain one could sec tbc nnehor as plainly as possible, also our sinkers and baits. During the afternoon our forces were augmonted by tbc arrival of two flsbcrmon from Uowcn, in a cockle-shell of a boat, and for wliom our skipper pre dicted a watery grave some of. these days for venturing to sea in Bucb a thing. They had come to spend their Chrtattuas on tho island, a locality, 1 should imagine, not re markable for aay exhilarating effects due at such a eoaa^ui. However, as they vrcrt not going to he busy for a day or so thoy offered their services on our behalf, JuBt before auBk we waited on the beaoh on the look out for turtle, and wore not lone: there ho forc we spied, one, twenty or thirty yards frara «lioro making inwards, occasionally poking up its bead to make its course, then crawl slowly «p the. beach and when fairly landed was unceremoniously turnod over on Its back and left sprawling, its flippers going like tho sails of a windmill. They arc not the least alarmed by the appearance of a, human being ?, a person standing right in (heir path will not cause tliem the least uncasincas,bul they will merely tarn aside and proceed onwards in their slow and sure style. The black boy mounted on one's bock and was carried a dozen yards up the beach j they are tremendously btrong. It i« only the female that ever conies out of the water, and then only Iwiec a year to deposit their eggs i tho male Is rarely pro cured, and (turn only by blackfcllov;, diving for iheni. Wo turned eight or nine In this fashhn aa they came out ftt the water, and though to ono utMcctistaracd to such sport It seems rather unmerciful, yet ft was rather ludicrous to see a lot of iheie great unwieldy brutes sprawling and flapping aliout on Iholr backs. They vary a good deal in «izo. One was estimated »t over three hundredweight, others a little ov?r half. The green turtle arc those most sought for, with stripes across their shell, kiwi not quite to large as the leather backs as they arc called. When we had secured tho number we required we allowed one to proceed to its destination for tnc purpose or witching the operation oi depositing Us eggs, and one couldn't help thinking It was a good thing it only happened twice a year, otherwise tho poor turtle would most probably (lud It monotonous. When it arrived (in the soft loose sand ahoto ugh water wirk, tt commenced using Its nipperi tn a most vigorous manner, scraping «'* , tbsj «and, and gradually msHng » spaco sufficiently largo \a let its huge car cass down below the top level i and when th»t is done. It wobbles ltwlt ?bout on Its oase-hardencd corporation to Harden the sand fit for digging a hole, which tt does Is a most remarkably human Ilk; awnncr Vith IU hind flippofs, which somewhat ratable the Medieval KnUjhfs gawitlej. Theiscrupe up the nod with one S!1*1^-,'^ *'* *' »»~ «°' ? A«*W they bring It oj- to the edge oj the hole, hoW it there while they put down the other (tor they don't use both at onee) and when that Is brought up they throw away the other «otne yards , then down It goes again, snd so onUtf.holctlMutUtawlK.deep bytorS inches square is dug or scraped out. Then cvwiucucvn the depositing nusiness, an opera lion certainly peculiar and entertaining. One of the flippers id let down olid receives the egg as deposited !o break llje fall, Idea placed carefully on the bottom of Ihe hole. one of tho men was in attendance, and as soon as the eggs were put down he tonk them out. They came wj wonderfully faat that he was kept going constantly, and 1 was strongly reminded of; the wizard's prolific hat, for there seemed no end to the eggs. However, wo knew when the interesting event was over by the turtle) immediately beginning to fill in the bole again vuth sand, then ,ai»o a little mound! over it whicli is patted down aud hardened, with the flippers, when off goeB her turtlcabip for another »is months to Ihe 'briny,' but alaa ! on reaching tlio edge of the water, only to bo turned on his back and lugged inlo tho dingy lor transhipment. Tlieeggs wereaijrty in number, the size of fullaizod billiard balls, perf ectMround and wliite.bul with » soft shell like a hollow ijuttu- purchn tall. 1 thought they were easily broken, but ono of the men dropped one about six feet on to the sand and. it wai none Iho worse . I took them all on board and stowed them away, sonic of which my landlord cooked for me in various waysR omelettes, custard and rice puddings, &c;, &c;, Hint being tlio only way of utilizing them— they will not fry or IhiII liard. We took four of the turtle on lioard and re-turned the renminder, and after bringing off sevnral boat loadH of caskn, zine tanks, pots, &o.;, &c;, that had been used id extract ing the turtle oil, some time since, wo prepared for a start homewards, and at mid nifrhtavay we went. The wind;iiad freshened considerably aud there was a tolerably heavy sea on, but ihe boat iron well trimmed and well managed and nt i o'clock in the morn ing, after getting a good ducking, landed at the jolly, after a very dcliRhtfu! trip I went np to B'a., with whom 1 atayed the re mainder of my time, ana fared sumptuously every day. 11. hiving been a confectioner In London was a ,-flr»l-raio cook,- and since his arrival iu Bowen, had followed in diet Wellingtons stens. liavimr boon al.lnrnmh and mayor on Krcral occasions and, finding r was not nacKwajti in appreciating the good tilings of this world, amused himself by serving up dishes that Soyer Jiimseif wouM uot have been asbnmed of. Here 1 tasted niy first turtle^ soup and also turtle Btcak. and what with turtle eggs, I am afraid if it dad gone on much longer I should have had turtle on tbc brain— not to say anything of the stomach. Besides there were a lot of. indescribable adjuncts, wliich, hy referring to a French list of names in the cookery book, will be found a lot ot what I had, for it is impossible to recollect tliom. B. had a buggy and a capital pair of ponies, in which we drove about tbc country, and on one oc casion drove out lo a garden abnnt three miles from town kept by a German named Zimmerman, tho only garden I had seen with no Knglish fruits except grapes, tirin eipally tropical fruit. There were about two or three acres, and kept In splendid order. In the course of events we sat down under a kind of pavilion or summer-house covered with passion fruit, and were sup plied by the head gardener with a variety of delicious things. I managed to get through a ptne-applo (of course not a large one), e, bunch of grapes, several bananas, and filled up the crevices with a multifarious addition of small tilings. At il's. I seldom slept in my room on account of the heat, but used to spread Ihe mattrass and clothes on the bal cony, and camp out. Tlie heat, however, was not the ouly trouble, for the mosquitoes aud cockroaches were particularly attentive, especially the latter, which, would crawl over one in bed, and uncomfortable affairs lo catch hold of in the dark ; besides they were of a Brobdignagian speclcsand would flyabout like young; birds. Arming myself witb a towel and a slipper before getting into bed, I would do a hltle hunting, frequently ei cilinB, flip these ohnoxiouB intruders from oft the wall or bedpost with the towel and finish off with the slipper, a capital instru ment in skilled liands. jBeforo 1 left.my wall aud floor bore many marks of sanguinary conflict. Bowen, with all its advantages of position and scenery, is at a standstill as far as business is concerned, in fact more like adesertod village, the only hope for it Is, m Iho event of ' separation,' It will probably Iwoome (he ' capital.' After spending about ton days here 1 loft for tho south in tho Black Swan, calling at Gladstone for an hour to get the moils for Kng'.and, and ar rived in Brisbane on Christinas live a wiser and a thinner man. 