JIY CHEMICAL EXPERIENCE. (FROM HAEMR'S AMERICAN MAOA2DTE.) It was not from any fault of mine that, at the beginning of the war, I found myself suddenly almost a pauper, ^sfy father, who had long retired from busi ness, had almost his entire property in the iSouth, aud, although he merely saved enough from the wreck, to enable himself and my mother to retire to a country village near New York, would not for swear his aUegiance-to his country as the price of retaiuing it. . An only child, I had been petted and a little spoiled, and altogether rather unfitted for facing the hard world and earning my own living. But I was only twenty- five, and had a: fair share of hope. I felt that I would be a spoiled child indeed were I to suffer those two old people iu the country to pinch themselves for ray sake. It was a sad change to me, though, after the comfortable, almost Insurious' life that 1 had led, to enter the little hall bedroom in Mrs. Wrench's boarding-house in Bleecker-street, and feel the first chilly breath with which the world saluted me. Perhaps there was no good reason why I should be so lonely. I had friends in the city, -but my altered fortunes rendered me too morbidly sensative to their remarks, kindly meant as they might be. Besides this, would it be fair to expect those who knew me in the sunshine to come out to : me now when the storm was raging, and . get wet and uncomfortable for my sake 1 Certainly not. Yet still there was one house which I longed to visit, for some how or other I felt that myself and not my cash would be welcome, and that a' certain pair of blue eyes would see me in the best light that I could wish. Was I not giving the owner of the aforesaid blae eyes credit for too much, disin terestedness ? After some days of uneasy, anxious thought, I began to look about me for some way of earning a subsistence. 1 had been brought up to bo Duamess, it having been intended that I should suc ceed my father in the gentlemanly pur suit of idling. The only thing which offered even a chance of success was chemical science. At college I had been expert in all the manipulation of the laboratory, and had acquired some prac tical experience in the details of chsmicaV analysis. I knew that most of the articles included under the . Lead of. 'chemicals' in commerce were seldom pure, and that there was a chance of em ployment in analysing these articles and iu essaying ores and metals. 1 did not expect to become rich by my pursuit, but hoped to earn a living nntii some thing better might offer ; and after weigh ing the matter over, decided at hist to open a chemist's office down town, and try what fortune had in store for me. My cash capital amounted to just seventy dollars when I entered Mrs. Wrench's boarding-house. Now seventy dullars, in the ligat of my present experi ence, is not a very large amount, and. so I discovered when I came to treat for an office near Wall-street. One hundred dullars per annum was the lowest amount that 1 could find, and that was for a room at the very top of a high building hear the Custom-house, and as 1 did not wish to trouble my old acquaintances with even being referred to, iny landlord told rue that cash in advance would be the proper thing. The impossibility of paying one hundred out of aeventy- nve dollars was apparent, to say nothing of the weekly five dollars to Mrs. Wrench. for board and lodging from the same amount ; so my hopes of ever making a beginning in hf e were about to wither, when the landlord, seeing, I suppose, that my face expressed my trouble, ottered to trust me for a whole year's rent, and handed me the key of No. 35. If the first look of Mrs. Wrench's bcarding-house was chilly that of ' my office' was freezing. The room had evi dently been long tenantless. _ The floor was dusty acd dirty. The windows were bund with the dust of many summers. Great spider-webs stretched from corner to corner of the room, and in them spiders of gigantic size roamed up and down, and, as I entered, seemed taken with a desire to get at me, as if I bad been that very identical fly for which tuey naa t-een bo long waiting. But dust and cobwebs were not «nough to turn me from my purpose, :aad by feeing the janitress, who came in with ae, to the extent of : one dollar, I soon had the place cleaned up and -lie win dows washed so that the autumn eon could shine in upon ma- The place cer tainly did improve under the hand of the janitress j but after she had performed her task there seemed something else wanting, and I was soon reminded what that something was by that person, who asked, in accents Milesian, 'Whin the nrruiture was comin' J' . The furniture ? I had not thought of tt before. I muttered something about 'sending it along' when the janitress, *» good genius, remarked that I neeontbb sendin' out for any, as there was lots in the nert room. . Tables, desks, chairs, matting, inkstands, tin ?*es, rusty keys, sad and -such articles, {' quantity sufficient to set up a second-. nand furniture dealer, were piled up to the i ceiling in that room. Then ensued a short dialogue : ? , ? : Myself: « Where did all these ttuWs come irom J' ? Janitress: 'From the biLditf, to be sure.5' ' %self : « Where are the ™-nere !' Janitress : ' Divil a wan ' uii. 'mows. ?they comes aud goes in -..' -at like buinbly-bees at a hive, aud : sometimes wea their famitune to pay .tie rint Au some of 'em don't do that' by the same' token,' ' . v ???? Myself : 'So the landlord owns italtf' VJanitrpRS :' *f He^do, -butr'ne gives me latttdleTl^tlbViiim?''- jLwt Just what I wanted. In consideration of the sum of twenty dollars, I became the owner of one office writing desk, one table, a sort of book-case, an old store «nd piping, and oj&er; articles, in cluaingSiireeichaira,^ one j*. which had a fashion of creaking loudly whenever -one sat in it By the help of my friend the janitress, ;-who ^became smite amiable and obliging after the twenty dollar affair, I moved my ^purchase into ;No. 35.. . J 'WJien J walked dovmtafroSext morn ing, it was with a sense of responsibility which I had never before .experienced. Instead of dozing until nine o'clock I was up before die first pmnibns rattled down die street, and dressed in a hurry, so as to teach.'my office ' in time for ?? busi ness,' forgetting that, .as yet, no sign of my. business intentions ihad greeted the public eye. , By the evening of that day, however, I had painted my name in ink upon a piece of pasteboard -and tacked it to my door. Next I bargained for a. small oval sign to hang at the street en trance of the building, and several small ones to place upon the' office directory, so that the world might know that 'Max Weltden, Chemist,' could be fonnd in ltoom : 35, top floor. I also went to the -expense of having a long wooden sign, with my name in bronze letters, placed under my window. This hist cost as much as all the rest together, and was the most useless, for I doubt very much whether auy person but my self and the sign-painter, and perhaps a few who chanced to look directly over head, have seen it to this day. I had to disburse another twenty dollars before I could satisfy the -sign-painter's ideas of what was right. When this last bill was paid I made a roaring fire in the old stove, and surveyed my room with a degree of pleasure. Here I was, ready for business. Now then, let the chemi cal customers enter. The ' chemical cus tomers did nothing of the ' kind ; and perhaps it was just as well that they did not rush to consult me, because, upon reflection, I found that I had not one single article of the apparatus or chemi cals necessary for my business. I looked over my cash. The furniture and signs had swallowed np forty dollars, and Mrs. Wrench's five dollars per week would soon absorb the balance of my capital Still I must obtain some few necessary articles or £ would stand uo chance of earning anything ; so I walked up William-street into Chatham, hoping to find some place where odds arid ends of all kinds might be had cheaply. But it seems that -there are too few of my profession in active business, for although there were the cast-offs of almost every branch of industry, nothing in my line could be had. I had made' up my mind to go to a regular chemical supply shop, when I observed the three gulden balls : two above, one below. - The thought occurred to me that among the unre deemed pledges' there might be some thing that would be of use tome, and I entered the pawnbroker's, although. I felt that the whole crowd in the street was looking at me. ... The pawnbroker had a set of scales and weights, and' these I purchased for four dollars. They could not have cost less than thirty j being. of the best Eng lish make, and fit for the most delicate assays and analysis. I mentioned to the man that I wanted 'to purchase a few chemicals and some apparatus, and was told that there were plenty up-stairs, which the landlord had seized for rent. Seized for rent ! That was ominous. « Where is the owner !' I demanded. ' He went mad hist month and was taken to the asylum,' answered the pawn broker. 'What caused him to go mad?' I. asked, my heart sinking within me. ' Why, you see, he was one of them folks who think they can make gold out of old rags and horse-shoes; and one day, so they say, the devil appeared to him in a ball of fire and set him crazy ; but here is the owner of the house ; he can tell you all about it' The landlord corroborated the pawn broker's story, with the exception of the devil part of it ; bat stated that the evil spirit which had possesssed the poor chemist was originally derived from grain. ' He drank himself tighter than he could stead,' remarked the landlord, as if the liquor had acted like a rope, which, once strongly tied, could not be loosened. ' What caused him to drink so hard ?' I asked ; ' had he no business J' ' Not a mite that I knew of,' replied the landlord. ' A party of hard-working chaps used to come and see Mm now and then, and he always used to get tight when they went away. But come up and Bee his place, sir ; maybe you will find what you want, there. Til sell the whole lot cheap.' I followed him mechanically. No business, starvation, drink, madness, seemed to echo my footsteps as I ascended' the stairs up to the road chemist's late abode. There must have been some method in his madness, however, by the appearance of the room, for it was neatly and handsomely fur nished as a laboratory. . Crucibles, fur naces, stills, Mtorts, -condensers, and a splendid assortment of the -various chemical compounds used in the art ; while upon & table ?were' numerous works on chemistry and allied sciences, and pieces or paper warn cueumw Djrmuuin and calculations lying about ' WhafU you give for the lot !' asked my companion. *'FJ1 sell 'em cheap.' I hesitated. There most, have been hundreds of dollars worth before me, and the largest amount: that I could offer was five dollars. , However, I replied that I did not require so many things; and that I could only afford to bay a little at a time. ' FU tell yon ?what,'.said.the landlord, 'as you are the first man that. ever wanted to buy them taps, I will let you set out what .you think, ;say five failaia' worth, and you canlakejt.' .. .-.: I jumped at lie offer, and may say thatior once I made '.» bargain, securing quite' a £tock of die articles that I needed. ~. . '...'-: . .*? Come again when you- want more, said the landlord. ' I hid aov ''.a place of bnsinessand tools to work with, and most wait for custom.- I had no .high scientificem ffifion/ -' I wished to applymy knowledge ?directly to a iiseM .purpose. .--Guano, soda ash, acids, ^alts, earths, and metals, were among jt&e; i -articles upon . 'wjuphj- hoped to farf;»ny skilL By'the Saturday, of that week X w^'^n M^gooa:.tnm for: ;;'.-;- ,? :..-V*'';-' ' .:--:-:-'-. \ -'???.''.' .'--??? ?' ward.' On Sunday I went to an old church on the comer of Great Jones Street and Iafayette Place and candidly acknowledge that, upon looking my affairs full in the face, and remembering that in three weeks time I would be penniless and hungry unless I could have work to do, I felt the need of asking Heaven's blessing upon my honest labor, and said my prayers heartily. I was at my post punctually when the next week began; and, after putting things to rights for the hundreth time, sat down in the creaky chair to wait for business. Looking at myself from my present standpoint, sitting there day after day, hoping and waiting, and trying to believe that every step upon my floor was coming my way. I cannot help marvelling that I could be eo patient and hopefuL For no one came' that week, nor the next, bat a beggar-girl, sor the next, but the janitress, who wanted to borrow my poker; and the last five dollars — all I had — was paid to Mrs. Wrench one Saturday night ; and where the next week's cash was to come from I did not know. I could have borrowed it perhaps; but I could sot bear the thought that the lender .might say to a friend of both, ' Would you believe it ? — Max Weltden actually asked me for ten dollars, and he looked so poor I could not refuse him.' This sensitiveness, no doubt, was the cause of much that I afterward suffered ; but I am not sorry now that I did not borrow. But what was I to do t Mrs. Wrench was that hard sort of woman that the keeping of boarders seems to call for. She was constantly engaged in a struggle with the boarding would ; and to do her justice, Bhe generally got the best of it. I felt quite guilty on Sunday, when she chatted with me at dinner, knowing that I was pre suming upon the paying reputation I had gained, and devouring her tough beef stake aud heavy pudding when I knew in my heart that I had not the where withal to pay for those dainties. In the afternoon I walked out to escape these disagreeable thoughts, and to try and forget my mean and poor con dition, but did not succeed ; for I en countered that which before long made me feel it keenly. As I turned into Broadway, a carriage containing three persons drove by ; and in it the owner of certain blue eyes, before mentioned in this history, was seated with her father and her cousin, a little girL Marie Le Blanc had been my early companion. Her father, who was a man of consider able wealth, had been very intimate with mine ; and as we were both only children, the old gentleman used to say frequently that we must marry. When the crash came, I withdrew from Marie's society, feeling that I was no longer her equal, and had not met her for months until this moment I saw her start, and hastily speak to the coachman, who stopped the carriage, while Marie beckoned to me. Of course I was soon by her side, answering all her kind enquiries about my father and mother as well as I could, and giving the best ac count of my hopes and prospects. I could perceive, nevertheless, that the blue eyes were not altogether satisfied as to my condition, while Mr. Le Blanc, who was the essence of kind-heartedness, said, 'Well, Max, my dear boy, I hope that yon will get on. Bat I never saw a man of your profession that ever made much money.' — Perhaps I looked a little disheartened ; just then little Nettie, who had, no doubt, heard of my misfortunes, whis pered to me that I mustn't mind uncle ; for I wonld be as ricbr as the candy^man some day ; and gave me her little hand in token of her belief in my future pros perity. But dearer far to my heart was the evidence I saw before me that Marie had not forgotten her old companion ; for the blue eyes moistened as they saw my changing countenance. Mr. Le Blanc asked me to take the vacant seat ; and, joyfully accepting, we rode a little way up town, and then to Mr. Le Blanc's house in Twenty-sixth Street That was a glorious ride. I felt as if I had been plucked for a moment from the hard, rude world, and was safe within the pale of my natural sphere. I was invited to dine ; and, although I had certainly taken the edge off my appetite at Mrs. Wrench's, I could not refuse the kind invitation. It would give me mnch satisfaction to be able to state that Mrs. Le Blanc was glad to see me ; bnt truth compels me to say that she was not, and no doubt punished her husband for bringing me home when he, poor man, was defence less in his bed that night But if Mrs. Le Blanc saw no good in my presence, and gave me the cold shoulder, not so Marie and little Nettie ; for they both tried to make me forget that things were so changed with me. Before the bright coal-fire, which Mr. Le Blanc still clang to in spite of all those furnaces, flues, and hot-air abominations, which kill ns off faster than we imagine, and in merry converse with Marie and her yonng companion, I soon began to recover something of the tone of happier days, and bless the amiable -girl who had been the cause of my present happiness. . 'This is quite Iik6 our evenings last winter,'* remarked Marie. . *:We must have some more charades before Christ mas, and some more mosic. What say, mamma}' ' Mr. Weltden will have other matters to attend to besides music and charades, my dear, and will not find time to viiit us, J am sure,' replied Mrs. Le Blanc. ' You are right,' thought L, ' sweet, adorable matron. J. certainly shall have other fish to fry, but I dou't like to be reminded of it after that, fashion-' Marls seemed disappointed. ' ' But, TTiamTna^ he can gome in the evening, can he not i' she asked, with some degree of impatience in her tone. ' Ask him yourself, dear,' replied Mrs. Le Blanc, giving me a glance which said -plainly that. I was not to accept the invitation. 'Won't you come, Max?' asked Marie, 4oofcing up in her own irresistible fashion. ' ? Mrs. Le Blanc was shocked. ' Why, Marie, yon are taking great liberties with. Mr. Weltden's name. Young ladies should never address gen tlemen by their Christiap names.' 'Why, I never called him anything else but Max; did L, Max !' appealing tomeagainl .-.:.-?' 'Marie, I request that in future you will call Mr. Weltdpn by his proper name,' replied the dame. ' After this we all became uncomfortable idthongh I tried hard to -restore the tone of onr earlier ekat. Mrs. Le Blanc was an adept in carrying on what may be called the scratchy kind of conversation, and before I rose to depart had succeeded in making me feel as miserable as pos sible. ; ' . 'When the door closed upon me, and I found myself in the dreary street, I felt that I must not expect very soon to enter such a paradise. But my heart was warm with the light that Marie's eyes had shed upon it, and the ghost of that terrible five dollars, which was yet un houSel'd, disappointed, unanel'd, came before my mind with less uneasy feeling. I began another week very much as I suppose a man compelled to walk the plank by pirates begins to step toward the point where the plank tips and he goes headlong to destruction. On Tues day I had a visitor at .my office. It was the postman, with a letter from my mother, and I felt quite encouraged that I was not entirely forgotten by the outer world. The letter contained all kinds of good wishes and hopes for my success, and inquiries as to whether I could spare time from business to run down and see her. 'Thank Heaven,' thought I, ' you do not know the strait that I am in, and you shall not know it !' So I wrote, quite a glowing account of my affairs, and intimated that business was not quite so brisk as it might be, bat that I expected to do very well, and, posting my reply, returned to make some alterations in my place of business. I borrowed an bid wooden screen from the janitress,' and partitioned off one corner . of the room, putting up the legend ' Private ' in large letters upon one corner, as if the too curious public was constantly .in the habit of rushing in and disturbing my labors. The partition also enabled me to contract my real working-room, and to make a better show of the few bottles, etc., which were my stock-in-trade. I' also scattered some samples of salts, with jawbreaMng names, about my' desk, to give it a business look, and, by way of a graceful finish to it all, produced some very pungent gases from some beated coal tar, and made an odor which, to a novice, was strangling , bnt to me a sweet perfume. Wednesday came, but with it no cus tomers. I wondered how so many people could pass the building, and not one of them require my services. It occurred to me that perhaps I 'was sticking too closely to my office, and that jf I occa sionally absented myself it would look more business like. Therefore I prepared a card for my door, inscribed, ' Oat on business for an hour — leave orders or message,' and then went down to the battery and looked at the shipB, and threw stones in the water, and came back in much less than ah hour, hoping that while I had been gone some real live customer had left an order for me to come round to So-and-So's to get a sample of something or other to be analyzed immediately, and felt keen dis appointment at finding no sign upon the card that I was wanted by anyone to do any mortal thing. Although always dis appointed, I tried the same plan over and over again in vain, and at last began to think that no one ever came so high for anything. As the fatal day came nearer, I tried to rehearse the speech I should make to Mrs. Wrench concerning the five dollars. I was aware that if I threw myself upon her kindness it might give way under me; but by appealing to~irer interest, and promising to pay the moment that I had the cash, and trusting that she would' not harass one who had always paid her, I hoped to get a respite. As a proof of how little I know of the world, or of the expedients of those who make a life-long work at facing its hard realities, up to that time it had never occurred to me to part with my watch or other personal property ; but happen ing to see in a morning paper that I could be accommodated with a loan by one Levi Abraham in Nassau-street, upon security deposited, and that the ' strictest secrecy would be observed,' I at once decided to visit him. I hurried off to Levi Abraham's, and with some anxiety produced to that Hebrew the watch which. my father had purchased for me for fifty dollars. Levi's opinion of its value as a deposit varied from mine. ' De mosht I can do ish ten tollar, and itish a great pig price to advansh on such a vatch.' I agreed to take the ten dollars, re flecting that the less I had upon the watch the less I would have to pay to redeem it Ten per cent per month did not seem a very high rate of 'interest at the time, so I was well pleased with the idea of the confidential nature of the affair. I know more about these things now. The regular pawnbroker is the best tradesman. He is a safer indi vidual altogether, as I soon learned ; for a short time afterwards, desiring more pecuniary accommodation from Levi Abraham, I found that the place which had known him once knew him no more. He had fled, and with him my gold watch. He, like others, had left his office furniture, but it was not fit for much besides kindling wood. At tie time of the ten-dollar aflair, however, I knew nothing of his flight, and felt so elated at being able to pay Mrs. Wrench, that that lady must have snpposed I had fallen heir to a fortune. In fact, I was eo ' set up,' as we have it in the verna cular,' by my first financial transaction, that I patronised the theatre that evening, and had a brandy -punch -at the Metropolitan. ' I was, in more than one sense, tasting the intoxicating cup with which the money-lender first maddens us before we are devoured. It was not until next pay-day came round that I began to think I should have kept my money for a more legitimate demand than the legitimate drama. One solitary dollar remained to cause me remorse every time I saw., it lying in my purse, sulitary and alone, and it was then I made the discovery that Levi had gone, as I went to see him concerning a fresh transaction. My jewellery remained. I had a very nice -ting, and a set of gor geous studs. These did I carry to the pawnbroker, feeling at the time that I was an abandoned wretch, and deserving of Mre. Le Blanc's contempt I did not go to my old acquaintance, but stepped into another place near by, not observing that the name over the door was the same, and had the pleasure of being attended to by the very man I wished to ayoid. But he must hare been a man of fine feeling in his way, for although I saw that .he recognised me, and I dare say had been expecting, he let no sign of recognition escape him. I obtained twenty dollars upon my ewellery at ten per cent per annum, and one year in which to redeem the article, and again faced the Wrench with the proud consciousness that I was still sol vent This time I determined to be more careful of my cash, aud, considering such a laudable resolution worthy of some reward, I went to a twenty-five cent place of amusement, and drank beer instead of punch. ? Daring all this time no one came to my office. Week after week went by, and -sfill found me sitting solitary, study ing to keep my mind from preying on it self, and gradually' acquiring ..some, real knowledge of the science of which I was professor. My clothes, with care, would last until summer came. My daily bread was therefore my chief care, and to ob tain it I parted with all my personal pro perty, one thing after another. My neat little writing-desk, a present from iny mother, my gold pencil-case, and my last trunk of Bohd leather, and then my valise, until, upon the last day of January, I was without a single pawnable article except my shirts, and the prospect was that they would go in turn. On the very morning that J had made a bundle of all the linen I could spare, a being in mortal shape, with a parcel in one hand appeared to me at my office, and demanded if I could analyse a sample of bleaching powder. Certainly. I gave my visitor a seat. Could I do it ' right away V Yes. Very good. How much ! Four dollars. Very good ; go ahead I gave my customer a light work relating principally to the Atomic Theory while I performed my task. Wonderful to relate, he absolutely seemed to like it ; at least he read away until I handed him my certificate. Perhaps he did not want to appear totally ignorant of science. It is doubtful whether in the history of the profession a more elaborate analysis had ever been made than the one I had ac complished. I gave the quantity of chlorine and of lime in chemical symbols of so wonderful a character that my cus tomer said that he would prefer my statement as to the chlorine present upon one piece of paper, and my 2 CaO + 2 Cl = Ca Cl + CaO, Clo upon another. The four dollars which he paid me were as large as counterpanes in my eyes. I was so excited at having earned, even this sum, that when the man had gone I sat down, and more water came into my eyes than had been there since I faced the last rain storm down Broad way. The relief had come in my ex tremity, and I fancied that a special Providence had intervened between me and the pawnbroker, and again I hoped chat, after all, I would be able to earn a living. No special Providence, however, came to my rescue the next week, and I was compelled to carry my linen bundle to the pawnbroker, and by that means obtain enough to pay the sum due Mrs. Wrench. My clothes by this time began to get a little seedy, and to show -the marks of certain drops of acids and ajkalies, which I could not always pre vent falling on them. This determined my leaving Mrs. Wrench, as there were so many sprucely-dressed young fellows there that I began to seem shabby by contrast I found an attic room in Amity-street,, which I rented as lodgings furnished for two dollars per week, and ran round to Mrs. Wrench's, and moved all my personal property, which very easily went into the pockets of my over coat, before Mrs. Wrench had done* ex pressing her surprise and indignation that I should leave her in mid- winter, and coals and provisions so high. I had not been long in my new quar ters before I began to wish that I had tried that way of living before. I felt emancipated from the slavery of board ing, and could breakfast, dine, and sup when I had the means, where and when I pleased. It was perhaps somewhat inconvenient at first to be obliged to walk out for breakfast ; but, as my cafe' was in Broad way, and not far off, I soon got used to it During this period of my life, it was not so much a matter of concern as to the distance I was obliged to go for my meals, but rather as to whether I should enjoy such luxuries at all; for very soon I was reduced to absolute want Up to this time I had not really felt the pangs of hanger, although I tad suffered keenly in every other sensibility. That time was coming, though, and it arrived before I had expected it No business came to me ; and, though the weather was cold and wintry, I had to part with my over-coat to pay my rent one day, and found myself with fifty cents in my pocket, with which to live for Heaven only knew how long. I was hungry in anticipation of the hunger which would come to me when that sum was gone. I- breakfasted for twelve cents, and paid as much for dinner, at a miserable restaurant in Fulton-street; and the next morning, feeling desperate and reckless, I expended the twenty-six cents left for breakfast alone, and went to my den with the miserable conviction that there was to be no dinner for me that day. When a man breakfasts without a clear idea as to where his dinner is to come from, the time intervening between these two meals is very short It tos a very short day to me. 'I faded to busy myself in experimenting, but could not fix my mind upon -anything, and left my office early and wandered aimlessly up town. I was hungry. There was a gnawing at my stomach far in excess of the natu ral appetite' which I should have had, had I been on my way to dinner. I looked into restaurants, and admired the fine specimens of fish, flesh, and fowl, there displayed. I sniffed the warm air which came from oyster-cellars laden with the aroma of a thousand stews ; once I was tempted to ask the German who kept my favourite cafg for credit for a dinner, but I caught sight of mygelf in a pier-glass in a Broadway window, and concluded that I looked too poor to expect anything on such terms. ' When night fell my hunger increased, and an intolerable sense of loneliness and misery: came upon me, and I slunk away to my attic, and tried to sleep. . I must have slept long and soundlyin spite of my hunger ; for it was nearly noon before I awoke. I went down town as usual ; but did not feel so hungry as before, but felt light, almost giddy in the bead, and returned at night, as before, wretched and starving. The nest morn ing I felt ill. There was a nausea Which would have prevented my eating 'any- thing, had' I been so lucky as to have had anything to eat I know not how that day passed. It is a miserable blank, which, 1 try to forget, I remember tha I came uptown earlier than usual, feel-' ing faint and- ill,, and that there was a jam of omnibusses at the corner of Hoastonstreet I stepped to the edge of the . sidewalk to see what was the matter, and saw that a horse was down, and a baker's cart upset, with one wheel off, and loaves of bread lying about the street and being trampled under foot Indeed, I observed one man trying to chock the wheel of one vehicle, to keep it from running back, with a loaf which would have kept life in me for days. At sight of the 'bread my hungry feeling suddenly returned, and I roshed in and secured part of a loaf, and hid it away under my coat, intending ts take it to my room. .But starvation stands not upon ceremony, and I stepped aside from the crowd, and, pulling oat my prize,' began devouring it like a wild beast An exclamation of pity close to my side startled me. I turned, and saw Marie and her mother, 'who had crossed the street' unobserved by me. Marie started to speak to me, bat her mother drew her away, and I saw but her dis tressed face as she was hurried off and lost in the crowd. There had been a time when ' such an encounter, even in imagination, would have given me intense pain ; but I had got beyond the point where- the more delicate sensibilities are in force/ I was absolutely starving ; and as I looked in the glass -that -night, and marked the staring, bloodshot eye, the pale and gaunt features, which 'were reflected there, I did not wonder that Mrs. Le Blanc drew her daughter away from such a .miserable wretch. What I suffered that night no one can imagine. I would not try to harrow up the feelings of those who may peruse this true story. I can merely say, that had' they seen the poor wretch who lay upon my bed,' shivering with the cold which starvation intensifies, and trying to catch even a moment's oblivion in sleep, they would have pitied him, | When morning came it found me almost a helpless man. The food which I had taken the night before was not enough to strengthen a system so much reduced a? mine ; bat it had given me a fierce appetite again, and I walked down town again, praying that another baker's cart would be upset, or that Heaven would rain food for the starving man. 'My office seemed more gloomy than usual when I at last crawled up the long stairs, and the old chair creaked dolefully when I sat in it again. I tried to study ; but my eyes seemed half-blind with suffused blood, and now aud then a feeling of deadly faintness came over me, as if the death which must inevitably end my fate was. coming nearer. Then the wicked wish that it might come now and end my misery would cross my brain. The day was dark, and a storm -was brewing outside, and I turned away from my books, intending to reach my attic before the rain came. When I tried to rise, I found that my limbs were powerless. Thrice I essayed to/get np on my feet ; but my once firm, strong limbs failed me, and I fell back in my chair. A full sense of my miserable condition burst upon me at that hour, and, utterly unmanned by this culminating blow, I placed my hands before my face, bowed my head upon my desk, and gave way to a flood of the most agonising tears that ever visited my eyes. When a man weeps if is agony. It was only by a mighty effort that I stifled the moans which would issue from my breast, which rose and fell with the tumultuous sobs of bitter grief and pain. After a time the paroxysm subsided, and I leaned back in my chair and* gazed vacantly at the case containing my chemi cal reagents. My eye fell upon the words, 'Cyanid of Potassium.' The careful man who had put it up had marked it ' Poison' in large letters on the corner of the label. Cyanid of Potassinm. A swift poison. I remembered once reading of a man accidentally taking a little of it, dissolved in water, by mistake for some simple medicine. He did not live to set the glass down upon the the table, bnt fell dead as if struck by lightning. Fell dead, without a straggle. Suppose that he had taken it on purpose, it would have had the same effect. Well, what of that ? Who wanted to die so suddenly, and, perhaps sot be found for days, his room was so high np in the great building ? Who was it that was fascinated by the word ' Poison,' and sat gazing upon it as if it were the finger-post which pointed the way out of a wretched world, where strong men full of youth and energy were starving? Sorely it was not It Let me see how the deadly salt will look when it is dissolved in water, and made just fit to swallow. My limbs grow stronger. I manage to reach the case and take the phial in my hand, and, half delirious, I turn toward the water-jar, which, 'with my only tumbler, stands near the door. Heaven is merciful, for, as Z turn, the door opens and a man enters. Guiltily I stand before my fellow-mortal, the poison in my hand, too much excited to 'say one word. ' Don't be skeered, Professor, I ain't goin' to eat you,' said the man, in a rough, good-natured way. 'I may be hard lootdn', bat who wouldn't after comin' all the way from Pike's Peak with only one suit of clothes.' He was hard looking indeed. His hair was tangled -and matted about his neck, his beard as brown and sunburnt as his face, and his dress of ontlandish cut and soiled with the dost of long and painful travel. Altogether as unpre possessing a man as one can imagine, but to me he was an Apollo. He had saved me from that which kills sbol and body, and the mere sight of his face gave me a thread of hope to cling to. J motioned him to a seat, and taking my own, de manded his. business, in shaking tones. ' Wa'aL Professor, you see T ve brought some ores from Pike's Peak, and I want you to look 'em over for me. Here they are,' putting his hand into his breast and bringing out a small bag. I looked at the samples and saw that they were rich in silver. : ' „ 'How much for the job?' queried the Timn, ' I want to know how much silver, and copper, and gold tEere is in 'em, and don't mind pay in' thirty dollars '--r the thing, and five dollars better if it is goin' to give you much trouble.' Thirty dollars ! I could hardly believe my ears. I signed to him that the pay ment was ample, and he then drew forth a bundle of bills and paid fifteen dollars upon the desk.' ' . ' ' Yon see, Professor,?' he remarked, in explanation, 'we are strangers, so Fll Jusj; pay this over as earnest money j am io w, Professor, as you seem sociable ike '—I had hardly spoken three words' ;o him yet — 'perhaps you will let me imoke a pipe. Tve been travellin' so jast that I couldn't keep my pipe alight' I said I had no objection, . and with. ;hat he produced the biggest and ugliest pipe I ever saw, and began to fire it I isked him if he would keep shop for me for a moment, and he willingly assented, seeming prond to be left in charge of my laboratory. I managed to crawl down stairs and enter a restaurant, the waiter coming for ward to help me .to a chair, I was so. Feeble. I ordered dinner enough for a iozen, but could not eat . My system was for the time out of tone, and I was obliged to ask for some beef soap to help It back again. Bat my heart was beat ing healthfully, and hope was n-isisfcmg me to rise. ? When I returned to my office I found the Pike's Peak miner enjoying himself hugely, and looking at the various strange instruments that he saw about him with curious eyes. Clouds of smoke issued TV kill 11113 -n*0Qf'. KQTam nt a M.nn4-l* a«.3 coded upward to the ceiling - and in my °yes they 'seemed to surround his shaggy bead like the halo which in old paintings surrounds the head of angels. How I husbanded that thirty dollars, smd how long I lived on it, I do not care bo tell. Enough to say that not a penny of it was spent except for food. As for slothing, I should as soon thought of buying up the Central Bailroad. My wardrobe had long ago begun to sh6w signs of distress ; and one unlucky day a rent made its appearance in a noticeable part of my nether garments. This must be repaired by my own hands. Retiring behind - the screen, - and in- my agitation . forgetting to lock the . door, I divested myself of the garment in question and began operations. While thus engaged, md in no presentable condition, I heard the door of my office. open ; then there »vere voices in eager conversation ; then some one sat down in my creaking chair; then I heard the soand of a woman weeping hysterically; and a child's voice, which I knew, in a comforting tone : ' Don't cry, Marie, he'll be back in a minute.' Marie! Could it be possible J I was iressed in a moment, and stepped from tahind the screen. In the same chair where, not many reeks before, I had bowed my head upon ny hands and wept in bitter misery and lespair, a young girl was seated, her face udden in her hands, her head bent for ward upon my desk, and her tears falling There mine had fallen. Poor as I was ['doubt whether the richest man ever elt so rich as I did at that moment I vent to her side, and, not mioding Settie, pat my arms around her, drew ler head' upon my breast and tried to somfbrt her. ' 'Oh, Max, will you ever forgive me 'or coming here 1 They said you were, n distress, and I didn't stop to think of mything eUe.' I could forgive her from my heart, ind told her so. Presently, when we »ere calmer, I told her how I had strug gled and suffered, and Marie then sug gested, that I ought to go about among ie men of business and let them know where I was, and try to get business In that way. Her suggestion about seeking business, nras not lost upon me. The spring trade lad begun, aud commodities of all kinds were moving, and when I put myself in ;he way of those who dealt in them, I bund that I could live by my profession. Before the summer was over I had quite i regular run of custom ; and happening a attract the -notice of a firm which was ibout to enter into the manufacture of a new commercial article which called for :hemical knowledge in its preparation, I entered into agreement with them to superintend their works for a salary large enough to make me independent Ihe year was gone and another sum mer had come before I felt that I might UUU1C JAJintUU OUU ???«??' UJJT WUC XUC1C was a look of resignation in Mrs. Le Blanc's face when I again stood before her. There had been a battle, and Mr. Le Blanc having gone over to Marie's Bide, she had been vanquished. Knowing that she never would value me beyond that value which cash, confers, I did not try to propitiate her good opinion, but bestowed my attention where it was deserved, vowing that I would cherish the heart that had befriended me in trouble, and cared for me in adversity ; and I must have kept my promise, be cause Marie declares that I am not only the best of husbands but the wisest of men. Dentai. — At a late meeting of the State Dental Society of Pennsylvania, one of the members, Dr. Barker, is re ported in the Denial Times (July, 1871) to have read an essay on irregularity of teeth, the circumstances favouring it, and suggestions on its prevention and treat ment The essayist held the opinion that a retrograde metamorphosis is going on in human teeth. To obviate this there must be improvement in the mode of living, the use of more substantial food, and from the time of the appearance of the deciduous teeth children should be under the care of an educated dentist ; so that when the permanent teeth begin to erupt tney may do properly guiaea, and a regular arch result As a rule, the first permanent molars should be ex tracted to make room for the succeeding teeth, for the jaws of the AngloSaxon race are shortening, and no longer have room for thirty-two teeth. How. will this end I— Nature. According to the -commercial treaty between her Majesty and the Kings of Siam, which has of late appeared in the Gazette, the following are the names of the first and second Kings of, Siam : — Phra Bard Somdetch Phra Parameoda Maha Monghut Phra Chom Klau Chan. Yu Hua, and Phra Bard Somdetch Phra Pawarendr Eamesr Mahiswaresr Phra Pin JOau Chau Yu Hua ! ! ! We (Musical Worid) take the following from the Barnard Advocate, and recom mend it as a college song : — The human longs reverberate sometimes with great velocity. ? When windy individuals indulge in much verbosity. They hive to twirl the glottis sixty thousand times m minute, : AbA push and. poach the diaphnigmas tbcnigh the deuce m in it. . i - . ?? ; . Cjjorcb, . ; The pbiirnx now goes np ; tbe'larvnx with i slam, Ejects i note from out the throat, rushed by the ilaphmgm. % 