1 ' '. THE BIBLE SOCIETY. ' J TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I Sin, Statements were made at the Bible Society meeting an reported in your paper this day, which, if allowed to pass unchallenged, your readers might suppose were incontrovertible, and so the faith and practice of Catholics as to the sacred Scriptures be misunderstood. The "circulation" of authorised Catholic copies of the sacred Scriptures, whether in the original languages or in vernacular versions, was not either " long or firmly " or over " opposed in any country in Europe." The domination of Protestant or any other mutilated or erroneous versions, professing to be " the pure and unadulterated Word of God, without note or comment, " or even those emanating from Catholic scholars, if doomed incorrect, however, were always discountenanced by the authorities of the Catholic Church. In almost every country of Europe, except Great Britain, the Scriptures, both in the original languages and in vernacular versions, were printed largely and widely disaniniiintud before ProtoHtanlism was known, and have so continued to the present day. The Bible, both in Latin and German, was printed in Catholic Germany between the years 1150, 1102, the first fruits of the printing press. Italy speedily followed suit, and in both Rome and Venice, in 1171, Bibles in the Italian as well as Latin were printed and re-printed times without number in succeeding years and centuries. I have had tangible proof that the Bible could he purchased in Rome in small and cheap volumes, before the agents of the Bible Society got entrance there with the invading in my of Victor Emmanuel, and established their depot. Some years ago in an advertisement of mine in your paper, inviting the public to inspect my biblical collection, I stated :-" A recent addition to the collection is the approved Catholic Italian version of Archbishop Martini, with the Vulgate Latin in parallel columns lately purchased by a friend in Rome. It is in three octavo volumes, the New Testament forming one volume. The work is excellent, both in paper, type, and binding, and was bought at the usual selling price of three Bondi, or 13 shillings. The editions, however, in Italian only, could be bought. The whole Bible for about nine shillings and sixpence, and the New Testament (which has the greatest circulation for five pails or about two shillings and sixpence." More recently I have obtained an illustrated edition in four volumes, large octavo, the New Testament being all contained in the fourth, and the cost was about £2. So that the Rev. Mr. Backhouse's friend's testimony is of small value on this point, and the sacred Scriptures were not " out of the reach of poor people." Mr. Backhouse's friend verifies the old adage-" None are so blind as those who won't see." Another of the speakers at the Bible Society meeting said : " That for 340 years past Rome had been the centre of an organised antagonism to the Bible, and against the Roman paganism they had to contend. " The Rev. Mr. Storie's figures, therefore, makes the date since 1932 only, which was that of the publication of Luther's complete German version, and also of that of the Catholic Doctor John Dlotonborgor, which became so popular, and was so often re- printed. I have a copy of the edition of 1666. But before Luther made his German version there were 29 versions or edition in the German language . , ' i copies of which are now to be found in Protestant libraries in Europe Had the Rev. Mr. Stone had the candour to say that the antagonism of Rome was not to the Bible, but to Protestant, erroneous, and unauthorised versions of it, as the citation from Cardinal Antonelli document dearly shows, and as Pope Pius VI. so emphatically announced in his approval of Archbishop Martini's version, then he would not have subjected himself to the odium of being a false witness. For the same suppression, too, of the whole truth on this point must also the Rev. Mr. Backhouse be included in the same category. Furthermore, the Rev. Mr. Stone states : " The first time the Word of God was printed in Rome for centuries, without note or comment, was, one.," which is just as erroneous as that I have before rebutted. I have now before me a copy of the authorised standard Bible of the Catholic Church, printed at the press of the Propaganda, a copy of which hold such a prominent and exalted place at the sittings of the Ecumenical Council in Rome, and of which every missionary priest going forth from the College of the Propaganda receives a copy. The date of the one I possess is 1861, and is, as all are, without notes or comments. That any man calling himself a minister of the gospel and a gentleman should publicly insult his Catholic fellow-citizens by calling them Pagans, is a monstrous violation of that Christian charity which the sacred Scriptures so strongly inculcated. If the Rev. Mr. Storie will refer to the Catholic Prayer, Book in common use " The Garden of the Soul," he will find there stated the Catholic : rules as to what every Christian must believe as well as do. In No. 5 of section 1, he will find :-" We must believe that Jesus Christ, our Saviour, who had been long foretold by the Prophets, was at God's appointed time conceived in the womb of the Virgin Mary by the power of the Holy Ghost without having any man for his father, and was born of her she still remaining a pure virgin that during the time of his mortal life, he founded the Christian religion by his heavenly doctrine and wonderful miracles, and then offered himself a sacri- free for the sins of the whole world, by dying upon the cross to purchase mercy, guide, and salvation for us and that neither mercy, nor grace, nor salvation can or ever could since Adam's fall be obtained any otherwise than through the death and passion of the Son of God." I ask Rev. Mr Storie if this is Pagan doctrine - In the 8th clause the Church's teaching as to the Scriptures both of the old and now testa- ments, is dearly stated. Again in page 164, night prayers, he will find " Before you go to bed read a chapter in the Scriptures or some spiritual book, &c.;" Is this Catholic antagonism to the use of the Word of God P We are informed that in the window of the Bible Society's Depot in the Corso at Rome there appears the words " Search the Scriptures." Now, this without the context, perverts the words of reproof our Saviour wusudmimatoringtotheSoribos and Pharisees into a command, and is as great an abuse of the words of Holy Writ, as that of the infidel who under took to prove from the Bible, "There is no God." The Rev. Mr. Backhouse echoes the communistic cry " away with the priesthood," as others of old did with the master whom they serve; will the rev. gentleman also endorse their other cries, " away with marriage "-" away with landholders "-" away with the Bible "-" away with God P " In charity I will refrain from further criticism of the mischievous speech of this travelling agent of the British Society, sowing the seeds of enmity between fellow christians wherever he goes. His labours, judging by his words, are little calculated to promote kindly feelings, or to renew the gentle admonition, " see how these christians love one another." Indeed the advent of the agents of the Home Society here has always been provocative of feelings adverse to the teachings of Holy Writ. In former times Hobarton Catholics found themselves compelled by the misrepresentation, calumnies, and insults, uttered at those Annual Meetings, to attend and personally, face to face, rebut the untruths so often asserted, and appeal to the Queen's Representative for protection from such attacks where he presides. Must we again be compelled to have recourse to such unseemly contention on so grave a subject p Catholics love the sacred Scripture, and are taught to obey its precepts. though we differ in opinion with Protestants as to the best means of inculcating its sacred truths, and of practically evoking the fruits which ought to result therefrom. I am Sir, Your obedient servant, E SWARBRECK HALL Melville-street, Saturday, 8th June, 1872. 