GENERAL NEWS. THE further length of the Northern Railway, from Wingen to Murrurundi will, the 'Government Gazette' intimates, be opened for traffic on and after the 5th inst. When will a further length of the Southern Railway be completed? DURING his recent tour (the 'Goulburn Herald' states) the Anglican Bishop of Goul- burn was absent on the work of visitation ten weeks; the miles traversed were eleven hundred and fifteen; three hundred persons were confirmed; one hundred services and meetings held; £140 collected after services for the Church Society; four churches and two cemeteries consecrated; and five new churches originated. The parishes of the Revs. A. D. Soares, T. Druitt, S. Percival, A. D. Faunce, J. G. Love, R. T. Earl, C. J. Byng, and P. G. Smith were thoroughly visited, and £803 collected for local objects. —'Goulburn Herald.' THE 'Yass Courier' regrets to record that Mr. James Wood, perhaps the oldest resident in Yass attempted to commit suicide on last Saturday morning in his tailor's shop, by cutting his throat with a razor; but fortu- nately failed in his rash purpose. For some considerable time past Mr. Wood was noticed to be in very depressed spirits, and on such occasions he was apt to indulge rather freely in spirits. The two causes combined appear to have unhinged his mind, and to have led to his making this desperate attempt to take his own life. He is now out of danger. The 'Goulburn Herald' gives the follow- ing account of the somewhat unusual ceremony of adult baptism, which was performed by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn during his last tour round portion of his diocese:—"In the afternoon at three p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighbourhood of Comerang. The bishop, assisted by the Rev. J. G. Love, administered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the bishop con- sented to respect their scruples and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being assembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the "public baptism of such as are of riper years" was read by Mr. Love and the bishop. They then both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand; and while the bishop pronounced the words, "I baptise thee in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," they completely immersed him in the water. Having raised him, and "received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly holding the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the service for adult baptism—"and then shall dip him in the water, or," &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spectators were somewhat surprised to see the bishop walking steadily into deep water, and being himself consider- ably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impression, and the baptised persons were much affected." One of the largest flocks of emus ever seen in the district (says a Victorian journal) put in an appearance at the Welcome Rush one day last week. A vanguard of about thirty was first seen, and while a crowd of miners and shepherds were admiring these, the remainder came up. Some present have estimated the flock at not over 130 in number, but the majority agree in affirming that there were over 150 in all. They appeared very quiet, and not at all alarmed at the close proximity of the genus homo. A LAD named Patrick McClacken alias McIllhaton, about 17 years of ago, was on Thursday last, at the Burrowa Police Court, committed for trial at the Yass Circuit Court for a rape upon Selina Slaven, a girl under the age of 10 years. THE Melbourne 'Daily Telegraph' states that the alleged betting conspirators—Messrs. Thomson, Saqui, Hewitt, Bedford, Dodds, and Anderson—did not appear when called on in the City Police Court, on Thursday last, neither did the prosecutor, George Ledger. The information was handed to the Bench; and Inspector Beaver said that owing to the serious nature of the charge, and under the circumstances of the case, he was instructed to ask for a remand for a week. The Bench granted the application. It is stated that Ledger has consented to withdraw the con- spiracy case against Joseph Thompson and others, in connection with the late foot race between Hewitt and Bedford, on receipt of £300 and £100 for expenses, should the Government not insist on the prosecution. THE Sydney Meat-preserving Company proposes to sell their works for £15,000 to an English food-preserving company. ACCORDING to a correspondent of the 'S. A. Advertiser' the overland telegraph will be a difficult line to keep in repair, as the blacks hav, on Section E, smashed some insulators, disunited the wire from others and carried them off whole. The nativeos, it is thought, find the pieces of insulators useful in sharpening their weapons. A FEW days ago George Nye, of Newman's Gully, near Tambaroora, was summoned to the Police Court for wages, alleged to be due to John M. Cooke, for work done in a claim on the Undaunted Reef, Dun Dun. In the course of the inquiry which ensued, (observes the 'Tambaroora Times') it appeared that Nye had promised to pay £1 per week to Cooke, who had at Nye's request given him a share in the claim, in consideration of his so backing him in the work, and further had written out an agreement to sell the share to Nye for £30, and had actually receipted the same for £30 cash paid to him by Nye, although Cooke admitted that the document was fictitious, and that Nye had not paid him a farthing; but that the receipt was given to make the claim '"look well." The Police Magistrate dismissed the case with a severe admonition to both parties on the swindling nature of the transaction. IT is reported (says a telegram to the 'S. M. Herald' from Armidale) that a rich platina mine has been discovered near Bendemeer. A NOVEL cricket match (the 'Melbourne Argus' states) took place on Saturday last, on the Melbourne cricket ground, the players, in a double sense, being the members of the late Theatre Royal Company, and being dressed in character parts. The innings of the Apothecary's eleven was begun by pantaloon and clown, who lost at the outset a consider- able score by stopping in the middle of the runs to shake hands and congratulate each each other upon effective hits. To give the reader even a rough idea of the positions occupied by the fieldsmen would be impossible. Most of them were nowhere, the long stop every where. Paul Pry was sometimes at short leg, at which place he ventured to arrest the progress of the ball by flinging his umbrella after it; only once did he attempt to stop the ball with his shins. Pads were worn by one batsman alone—the Party by the Name of Johnson—who wasted the greater part of five minutes in measuring the ground with his bat, and in taking something out of his hat, which lay behind the stumps, and holding it up to his mouth. The spectators, as they noticed how much his chest expanded with each suc- cessive elevation of the something to the mouth, could not refrain from cheering. The result was that Cassio's eleven made a score of 80, and the Apothecary's eleven a total of 56. The most satisfactory part of this performance is that it left a most substantial money result, something like £203 having been raised by it. HIS EXCELLENCY the Administrator of the Government, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to direct that all treasury bills shall, besides bearing the signature of the Colonial Treasurer and Auditor- general, be signed by the Hon. Geoffrey Eagar, Under-secretary for Finance and Trade. ANOTHER area of 190 square miles (says the 'Albury Banner') being an extension of the Murray River Forest Reserve, Moama, has been reserved from sale for preservation of timber. The lands in question are also specially exempted from the operation of licenses for cutting timber. We believe that the necessity for making these reserves of red gum timber, suitable for future railway build- ing in Riverina, was first pointed out in this journal a year or two ago. THE Fijian difficulties have, we learn, been arranged by Burt's resignation. Thurston, formerly British Consul, has been requested to form a Government. JOSEPH PERORIA (the 'Burrangong Argus' records) has been sentenced to two months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Young gaol, by the local Bench, for a very brutal assault, committed at the settling of the Burrangong Races upon Mr. William Allan, the well-known squatter and commission agent. THE Albury correspondent of the 'Wagga Wagga Express' writes:—Mr. Whitehand relinquishes his business here on the 31st inst., thanks to the Border duties; and others, I am afraid, will soon follow his example, and try their fortunes in other districts uncursed by the blighting influences of restricted trade and bad Govornment. Next to the Border duty evil in its disastrous effects upon the prosperity of the district is the wholesale granting of wine-selliug licenses at 20s. per annum. Two thirds of the crime, calamities, and hastened and violent deaths are due to the mischievous facilities thus afforded for the sale of wine; and in indiscriminately permit- ting such facilities to exist the Government are pursuing a very penny wise and pound foolish policy. They not only stimulate crime and habits of drinking, which ultimately en- tail largo burdens upon the State, but they prevent the establishment of respectable hotels, which would yield a larger revenue in licenses, and at the same time exert a far less pernicious influence upon the morals and health of the population. Forty wine licenses are now taken out in this district, yielding to the Treasury in the whole but £40 per annum. The abolition of these licenses would lead to the establishment of several hotels, yielding to the Treasury £30 per annum each. A CASE of supposed suicide is reported from Albury. Mr. Mellish, the billiard-marker at the Imperial Hotel, has been lost sight of (says the 'Banner') for the last week, and it is feared that he has committed suicide. On the day before he was first missed he was heard to say that he intended to drown himself, and on subsequent search being made along the river banks, the hat of the missing man was found in a boat which is usually moored near the Reserve THE mail steamer Nubia took with her 62,620 sovereigns. The Australian Ointment.— Sir,— I beg to add my testimony as to the worth of this invaluable ointment, as I think everyone should feel bound to do so for public benefit. Some littlo time ago I had very bad sore eyes, attendant on scarlatina ; they wcro in such a state that two doctors would not dare to give me anything for them, when I was advised to try the Australian Ointment, which by only two applications (night and morning), made a speedy, and I consider miraculous cure.— Your obedient servant, JOHN NICHOLS. 13, Alfred-street, Woolloomooloo.—Adv. Mr. H. PARKES has been visiting West Maitland and advocating the establishment of a model school there. Hollow ay's Ointment and Pills. —Eoso for every sore.—This Ointment affords tho shortest, safest, and easiest path to soundness in all kinds of skin diseases, scrofulous affec- tions, scorbutic maladies, ulcerations, erup tions, and inflammations. There is nothing deleterious in the composition of Holloway's Ointment, but on the contrary, Us ingredients possess the most soothing, purifying, and strengthening qualities. The dolicato skin of infants is not irritated by the application of this unguent, which is therefore as admirably adapted for the nursery as for subduing the tedious ulcerations attacking the aged. In all constitutional, chronic, and complex afflic- tions, Holloway's Pills should be takon whilst his Ointment is being used, in order that all banefnl matter may bo expelled from tho system. —Adv. 