THE CUSTOM HOUSE AGAIN. Sin,-I regret to haro again to call too attention of the authorities to tho obttruotbs« thrown In tho way of véasela dl'cberging coals Into chartered ships. Tho ahlp Banian had har Inward cargo discharged on Tuoedey, and had msdo application on that day, to have tho ship jerqued, so that no delay might be created In olioharging the ooals from tbo steamer, when aha arrived the followlas; day, how eve r, on tha armai of the Woniora alontalde, at 2 p.m , the Customs ¿nicer refused permission to allow ooala tobe taken cn board, bteauae the ship had not been Jorqaed ; the delay thus caused by the jorqutng officer resulted In loss Ship one day.Ü16 0 Ú H mea, 2 hours at Is. ,. ,. 18 0 1 bin ia of coarto far below tho actual loss, and If It waa not a weekly occurrence I would not complain ; other« equally ..off« «Iib na, but have not tho moral courage to aey any tblog aboutit. I repeat what Ihavo written before, that the obstructions thrown In the way of the shipping Intere»)«, are a tenet to all tho shipmasters and to your obediebt servant, J. SHOOBSRT, Mauger of tha Balli Coal Oom,.oy. Oclobir Sid, 1872. " Hjs Fjbst akd Last Wooing and othze Poems"-This is the title of a recent contribution t_ Am Italian literature. Theautborof tha work, a book oí 48 p«E<s,IaMr. J J*. Tucker, formerly of Sydney. Nearly the »hole of the pisses partake In a marked degree of the aomorous. Tiaro are some that embody "' * * pai-it ob; from the natural-very fine tentfn praised. Thoptiee dtrétutan "" ' be " rifa first and last wooing " oorde thomlahspaof an unfortu_. _ ___ spaalon for life, and in whioh there la somewhat t ging himself for " fall two long mile« " from the scene of on accident by which his horte falle upon him and breaks both bis legs ' The author antldpatea a little Incredallty by assuring bia readers that the main incidents of the ballad are strictly true Mr Tucker ia more fortunato In his other poema and imitations One of the lattir. alter Hans Breitmann, being especially good A titeo, entitled *' Only Ona Hundred a Year," possesses coaalderable merit. Another, entitled the " Lottery of Marriage," will hardly /all to gratify the reader Mr. Tuckers little volume contains poems after Robert Southey. Lord Macaulay, and others The book Is very neatly boona io Hap cloth, sod nicely printed on toned paper. It has bein published by "William Bickerton, of Wangaratta. Tha Sydney publfabcr is Mr, Sandon. I'ike at Newcastle.-Tho Chámele reporta that on Tn«aday night, shortly before 10 o'clock, tha ringing of the fire' bell announced that a fire had broken out and upon Inquiry, It waa said, " The Queen's "Wharf wan on lira 1 " Un picceedlng to No Ö crane, we found (hut, dnri&g; the repaire to the wharf, ono of the workmen bud driven a large spike noll into the gas main, and there «at, «roceoaenUy, a great escapo of gea. The vent being jsfit b neath one of the gas pillars-the lamp of which belog lit-It quickly Ignited, and there was a large flame beneath the wharf. Aa soon as the fire was dtiooverod, mt sagos were sent to Ceptatu Allan, and fitr. Russell (the otniracior for Ihe" cuaca) dispatched arnon cn horseback to tho Gasworks -for assistance to- turn the gea off at the wharf. Jn tbo meantime, a plentiful supply of water was , rfctfvrd from a hose from the Amerlcan'shlp Columbia, i and thia was being poured on to the planks to keep them | ht m i gutting, A strong body of men. was then got together, and, with great difficulty, tore np the new-laid planking, and, as soon ss the escape hole could be got r ' means were taken by Mr. Reid (the Gas Company a e sinter) io put out the flame, and all danger ceased, T ato brigade Drought oat their two engines, but dldn bring them to the spot where the Are- was, astbeywoa have been of little use to put out a flame of gas, so t__ members of the brigade did what they could in aealatfag ta gtl the planks up. A large crowd by thla time bad ammbled, bnt the police were very active In keeping a gocd apace clear for the men to work, and preventing people getting Into danger. It was very fortunato that the alarm waa given when It was, for 1! It had been later, when nobtdywea about, theobanoes are that the wharf would lava been burnt, and ia all probability the Uro would have reacbt-d the fine ship Columbia, and then extended to other ahfia alongside the wharf. ' A Dxceptjoh-You may remember that I lectured lately f or -the young goatlemsn of the Olaytonlan Bcctely. Daring the afternoon of that day X was talking «Jthcnoef the young gentlemen referred to, and he sala he had an undo who, from aome cauto br another, seemed lo havo grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears In his eyes this young maa said' "Ob I If I could only see bim laugh. once more Í 06 Í if I could only see him weep." I was touched I could never withstand dlatress, X said "Bri" Ma to my Irelnre PU start him for you" "C if you could but do It If you ovoid but do It, all i_ family would bleis you for evermore, for he Is very dear to us Ob, ay benefactor, can you make him laugh ? Gan yon bring toothing (ears to tooee parohed orbs f" I was profoundly moved. I said " My ion, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes In my leotn (bat will mske him langa li there li any laaj In bim, and If they miss fire I have | rome others that'll maka him cry or kill hün. o or the other." 1 hen the young man wept on my nook, a presently spread both banda on my alead, and looked up towsrd heaven, mumbling something reverently, and then be went after bia undo. He placed him In fall view. In the seotnd row of benches, that night, and X began on bim, X tifidblm with mild jokes, then with savers ones 1 X do*.d bim with bad jokes, and riddled him with good osea , I find sid stale Jokes Into bim, and peppered him fore and aft, with red-hot new euee. X warmed np to my work and assaulted him on the right and left. ' font end behind, I fumed and charged and ahoatedtul _ «¿.s boars« and sick, and fraauo and forieut-bat X naver movid bim once * I never started a smile or a tear. Never a ghost of a smile, and never a auspldon of moisture I was aetounded. I closed the lecture at last with one derpalríns; ahríek-with one wild burst of humour-and bnriid a joke of supernatural atrocity full et him. It never phased him 1 Then I eat down bewildered and exhausted. The president of the ftcciety osma up and bathed my hoad ?aia. - vtcm, you were woeiing jmu "rav, i*mui na is deaf and dumb, and aa Mind as a badger." Now, was that any wa,« for that eld man'a nephew to Impose on a »treager, and orphan like mt\\-Mark Twain. ConrrxvATiov Sale of Drapery, ClotbWff, Hats and Cass, fto. CtM Moore «ne Co, r« qaett na to call tne attontloa eltiio Irai » . ucees, at their UMBU, W. ^.it 