THE THEATRE ROYAL. un saturaay mgnt the ever-popular play o£ 'Macbeth' was presented at the Royal to by far the largest attendance of the week. The gallery was thronged, the pit crowded, and there wm a iair spnnKiing in xne otder parts of tho house. The tragedy is one well fitted to tost the' strength of a company, and it is due to Mrs. Gladstane and her supporters to say that they stood the trial well. If there were no con spicuous individual successes, there was suffi cient excellence in the performance as a ?whole to create a good impression upon the audience. The scenery was appropriate^ the other accessories for the moet part unexceptionable, and tho per formers showed an intelligent anxiety to mako the most of their parts. The manner in which Locke's music was rendered is deserving of all praise. It is seldom indeed that in a miscel laneous dramatic company so many efficient vocalists are to be met with. Not only were tho choruses well given, but the solo parts were capitally sustained. The applause that greeted two or three of the singers — notably Miss Rose Vernon— could hardly have failed to bo grati fying to an accomplished artiste of tho Jyrio stage. Miss Rosa C«oper sung iweetly tho snatches of melody belonging to her part as Hecate; and Mr. and Mrs. McGowan as fint and second witch, and Mr. Anderson as ono of the weird tribe, also distinguished themselves in the incantation scenes. In Mrs. Gladstone's representation of Lady Macbeth there wore many powerful passages. Her conception evi dently differs not from the generally received one, that Macbeth was the weaker vessel requir mg to be stimulated and nerved to his fiendish purposes by his wife. In the slight glimpse given of her ladyship before the invocation to the spirits 'that tendon mortal thought,' she is represented by Mrs. Gladstaue as a woman of masculine mind and iron nerve{ and In all the scenes that follow the impression is conveyed that the invocation has not been without effect. la secret conference with her husband she appears as one unsexed, and filled ' from the crown to the toe topfull of direst cruelty.' In com pany the false face effectually hides what tha false heart doth know. Even in presence of Macbeth's ravings no compunctious visitings reach her, and in the Bleep- walkings there in little of fear in her terrible retro spections. Mr. Carden as Macbeth entered into the spirit of this rendering of tho character. Except for a certain amount o£ reckless daring natural to him he leant upon, her, deferred to her superior intellect in bringing to its fulfilment the prediction of the weird sisters, strove to anticipate her wishes, and when news of her death came seemed utterly bereft of judgment and manliness. Mr. Carden'a per formance was not without merit. He was less lusty of lung than tho majority of the actors who have essayed the character in Adelaide, and that was certainly not a blemish. He adhered throughout very closely to tho text, but his elocution was not particularly effective. At times it was hurried even to incoherency, and at others it was as deliberate and monotonous as Hamlet's father's ghost. The represen tation was not a fimehed but it was a tolerable one. Mrs. Gladstone's acting in the early acts struck us as having ' too much of the melodramatic in it, but in tha banquetting and sleep-walking scenes she was exceedingly effective. Mr. O'Brien played! Macduff carefully, but imported an excess oi! the pathetic element into it. Banquo fell into capable hands in being allotted to Mr. Anderson, and Mr. Leonard in tho characters of King Duncan, and Physician, created a favourable impression. Of the rest we have already spoken in referring to the performance as being on tho whole successful. The afterpiece whs the laugh able one of 'Beautiful for Ever.' For this week the management announce a constant succession of new piecos, all of them of a standard character. To-night is to bo pro duced the play of ' The Wife.' 