Telegraphic Inleiliseuve. Sydney, Monday, 9 p.m. Mr George Oakes, and the Honorable J. B. Wilson were nominated to-day for East Sydney. Tho show of hands was declared to be in. favor of the latter.' Mr Oakes demanded a poll. The election will take place on the 12th. There continues a good demand for copper shares. Alio £Oiu- muL-hut. la quiet*. . The proceedings at the nomination wore very orderly, and the interest taken in tho event 'is not of an exciting character. It is expected that ? tho usual ' tug of war' will commence between the ' ins and the outs,' after Parliament meets to-morrow. Ghost in a Pawn Shop. — The Berrima cor respondent of the 'Gonlburn Herald' writes:— One of our amateur theatrical performers telo-, graphed on Monday last to a friend in Sydney as follows : — 'Go to Kirby's, Pitt-street, and get mo Ghost in a Pawn Shop,' meaning for him to purchase a.book containing a farce known by thatname. In the afternoon tlio friend replied as follows: — 'Cannot find snch a pawnshop; but forward ticket and money, and I will reedem your coat,' he evidently mistaking the word, '.ghost' for 'coat.' The affair has gone the round of the telegraph stations, and our worthy operator hero is often asked ' why he pledged his coat.'. The Hon. John Sutherland.- It is a matter of regret that the hon. Minister for Works is still confined to his house through indisposition. It was anticipated that ho would have been able to join his colleagues in welcoming his Excellency the Governor on his landing ; but he was unfortu nately not able to attend. — ' Herald.' ... . Extraordinary Secretion.— Tho Hokitika: 'Leader,' of tho 23rd May, relates the following singular circumstance that occurred in the' Wellington Gaol. Rowi Tamanui Toti Toti, who : was ono of Te ICooti's moil, and was condemned to death for being implicated in tho Povorty Bay massacres, and whose sentence was commuted to penal servitude for life, has been suffering from an affection of ono eye for nearly the whole of the three years which he has. boon in gaol. Proper treatment was provided, lotions and other medical matters wero giyen him, but nothing did his eyns any good. At length ho felt somothing in his nose, and another Maori, on investigation, drew down a wooden spear point about two inclios long, and iu inch in circumference. His explanation is that many years ago — how many ho does not recollect — he was Bpearing pigeons in tho bush, when a spear penetrated tlio corner under tho eye-, brow, between the eyo and tho nose. It - was not extracted at the time, and since then he had completely forgotten it. It must have penetrated the spongy bono botween the two plates' of tho skull, and in course of years worked downwards till at length it came out through his nose, having been in his hoad more years than he can remem ber, . ... ? ? -V 