' ,!',! SPiKiJttUAukvfobBfciry '':?? Asthja'now sensation lias now obtained ft' footing hero, and there' ai'o nuinbers' of 'unbe- lievers in it, I wish to furmsh, fo'r the informa tion of the sceptical, tub result of a seance held in Brisbane.; ;An . iM.P. ; of sonie :. notoriety presided, and about twenty others were in tho room. Ab tbb modus operandiot raising aspirit is familiar to most people, it will BiifHce to say that, after two hours patient waiting, a spirit was condescending enough to rap at tho table . iand nominate one of tho company as a medium, .'wlio enquired whoso spirit was present. The ' '*cond letter of tho alphabet wa9 rapped at— B, and as Bonaparte, Baron, Bunyan, and Byron have been good enough to lend themselves to , this sort- of thing^'it was conjectured it must be ohDoflhom; but it was not; and a list of ^^ Mhor names were guessed at to no purpose, OpPntil Bomo person said ho thought tho whole ^^ affair was Bunkum, when the tablo rapped out ? a niOBt emphatic ' yes.' Bunkum was tlien the name of the spirit. ' Where do you come from?' was the next query. 'America.' 'Are you masculine ?' ' Feminine.' ' Who wore you ' when alive ?' ' Sam Slick's grandmamma.'' A ' gentleman presont, wishirg to test the accuracy , of the spirit as to tho past, asked — 'Did my ' grandmother ever suffer from nightmare after indulging in a supper of pork pies ?' Tho spirit replied, ?' Yes,' Tho enquiror at once 1 stated thtit this was wrong, as ho never had ( sucti a relation. In reply to thii, the Bpirit ex plained that snch an extraordinary domestic ?occurrence certainly threw it off thetraek, but, under usual circumstances, the reply given was aJ safe one. However ho would 'try asain. Questioner — ?' Do I believe in spirits ?' Ghost — ' Yes.' Questioner — 'You aro wrong.'' Ohost — 'No; I am right. Tho spiiit of a defuuet publican has just told mo that you did not pay for a large grog score you contracted with him. I am now 'about to mocliorij his! name for tho benefit of his executors.' But the sceptic Baid that would do for him j he did bolieve in spirits, and ho thought ho would now Bit down. , i . j The spirit was then asked if they had occu pation and business, &o.; ? It replied — 'Yes; but everything is very different to what it is on earth, as we travel so quickly.' Tho Bpirit '' begged to be excused for a few hours, 'as there were about a half million idiots in America, , ', who were at this moment clamorously rapping hulf-a-million tables, for it ;? but would ? sohd! another spirit to take its place, who turned out to be that of a departed lawyer. He was asked if he was happy, and there eamo a most em phatic — ' No ! ' — ' What was tho causo of his unhappiness ? ' — Answer : ' The order of things in ( the spirit world was reversed ; tho sorest trial he had was, that for every dishonest action , lie; did on earth, he had to do an honest one h'ere. , It was a severe trial to him, hard work, ? and ho had Iub hands full, besides being a novice afc such ' a thing.' — ' Were all lawyers the same? ' — ' Yes, all. There was ono exception, an old follow who was looked upon on earth us an 'old fool who never prospered in business. ,He ib awfully jolly down hero now, and is'mado a good deal of.'- — The spirit was asked if this -.tawyer?had; lived in Brisbane — 'No!'—' Was i there an honeBt lawyer in Brisbane ? ' — but thespirithore.gavo the audience to understand he din ' not like to have such questions put to him; it might be the means of hurting the feelings of some of his brother professionals, aB, if he answered, he was compelled by the law of things here to apeak tho truth, and that wusi very painful to him — so he hoped to bo excused. At this juncture tho spirit said that he .would ..no'w have to go away, for he had to conduct a ioase in, the spirit court, and remarked— J',' Tho worst of it 13 that my client is a poor woman whom I shamefully treated in jour world. I must conduct her ease for nothing.' , Another spirit was called up, who informed thfipi he, whs the spirit of a defuncf member of ? Parliament. As a matter of courso, he was ? saluted with n volley of questions as to' who ho was; what about Palmer, Lilley, the policy of theGrqvernmcnt— in fact, all about our political .luuiirs,,-. everyone was on me tiptoe of expecta tion of somo grand State secrets to be revealed, but the answer to the first question speedily ' dispelled their hopes. The spirit announced in a thick husky voice that its name was F ? o. Of course he was disbolieved, and told ho was a humbug ; however, he montioned many impor tant matters, in referenoo.to the past actions' of the Government. He was asked if one of the spirits of the living could not ba called up? ,could they get hold of that of tho late leader , of the Opposition? ' Decidedly no !' 'Why not?' ''Because ho was too deep;- and one 'too many for any circle in Brisbane.' 'What is thought of him down your way ?' ' Oh, ho is considered- a very good fellow, and would turn out ' very well when ho came down this way. Ho would be turned into a Bishop, and 'go in for denominational education.' This spirit, like his predecessor, bogged to' bo excused for. a time as ho had to take his grand mother to a social gathering in Greenland. Other spirits were summoned afterwards, who related some extraordinary things. It was Btated that, instead of living in Jbouseff, they took. up their abode on earth amongst human .beings. A very venerable old lady spirit stated that Bhe had lived for a long timo in the frame of the Hon. tho Speakor, but was going to quit soon, as ho was getting too lively for her. Another, that of a late Good Templar, stated that ho lived with P ? r, but explained that ho mennt him of tho ginger-beer fame. The bodies of our conscript fulhers werei mostly tenanted by old lady spirits, on account of the quiot asylum they afforded. The audience- were about to be enlightened as to thd different Bpirits 'who occupied the frames of some of our public celebrities, when a voira from tho rogion below the table exclaimed in a very mundane tono, ' I'm blowod if I cun stand tho 'eat 'ere auy longer, and a shoving nbout tho tablo, unless I got a pint of shandygaff.' It iB needless to say that, after this manifestation, tho seance wbb adjourned ' abruptly. , ? .PSYCHE. The education of Wesloyan ministers formed the subject of discussion nt a meeting of tho Theological Institution Committeo of thb Con ferouce on Saturday. Dr. Rigg, Principal of the Westminister Training College, expressed his opinion^ that, taking Iho breadth of the country, the Methoditt pulpits would well bear comparison with those of other denomiiiul ions. Ho did not think that any advantago would bo gained by endeavouring to conform the Wesleyan Btyle of preaching to tho standard ot ' dissenting respectability.' . ? The long-standing case of Beattii v.' Lord Ebury.in which it was sought by the Union Bunk, of London to mako Lord Ebury, and his co-direetorB of tho Watford and Biokmansworlh Hallway, personally liable for about £22,000— the amoumVfor which tho company,, hud i over drawn their umouiit — cinno on beforo the' Lord Justices for judgement. In delivering this, Lord Justice Meilish, after going through 'the correspondence, said ho had cpmo to the conolu sion that tho Bank was well aware of the' real circumstances of the company ; and, Lord Justice James oxprossing his entire conourronco, the bill waB ordorod to bo dismissod with costs. ' For innocently throwing a handful of rod popper into a burning stove in a dance-house in Dalton, N.H., an unsophisticated young man has been fined 21dol. and costs. ' ' Early Rising,' says a TTnitod States papor, '.was once an indication of thrift, but now it indieatcs that a man is thirsty.' ^ ' Gentlemen,' said a farmer writing to the shairmau of an Agricultural Society, ' put me dpwa pa your list of oattle for a oalf.' j' 