MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1872. It is always unsafe to speculate upon either the causes or consequences of any striking incident connected with the foreign policy of the United States on the eve of a Presidential election. So many things are said and done with an especial eye to the hustings, with a reserved purpose to unsay and undo them when the excitement is over and the great prize has been won or lost, that the most cautious conjectures are liable to be frustrated by the course of subsequent events. What we know with respect to the most important piece of intelligence received by the California mail is this-that the American Govern- ment has pressed upon the arbitrators who assembled at Geneva, in pursuance of the treaty of Washington, claims for indirect damages arising out of the de- predations of the Alabama, and that England has withdrawn from the con- ference, and will probably regard the treaty as a dead letter. What we do not know is to what extent the assertion of these inadmissible claims may be attributable to party exigencies at Wash- ington, or even to the influence of the omnipotent rings. It was stated in the American papers some months ago that the whole of the Alabama claims had been bought up by a gigantic com- bination possessing the command of suf- ficient funds to control numerous votes in Congress, as well as a good many influential journals. Whether this has had anything to do with the unexpected difficulty which has arisen, or whether it is an electioneering device, is a point which will probably be cleared up on the arrival of the Suez mail, now due. From the meagre anticipatory abstract of the Queen's Speech at the opening of Parliament-a document of very questionable authenticity-given by the N~ew& of (he World, it is apparent that the Imperial Government refuses to enter- tain the claims put forward ; and in the debates which are sure to arise on this question in both the House of Lords and the House of Commons, we may expect to find a full explanation of the circumstances which have occurred, as » well as an explicit declaration of the policy which Mr. Gladstone proposes to pursue. We do not imagine that upon either side of the Atlantic there is ' any anticipation of hostilities arising out of this untoward contretemps. The pro- babilities are that the political wlre ? pullers at Washington have found the existence of these unsatisfied Alabama claims so useful as a blister whenever the public mind had to be irritated, that they are disinclined to forego the ubo of them. That disinclination would, of 'course, bo particularly strong at the commencement of a Presidential cam- paign, when the Irish vote has to bo propitiated and secured. The news from France, if it oan be accepted as authentic, indicates that the country is as far as ever from a settled form of government The Bona- partiste, the Orléaniste, and the Repub- licans seem prepared to engage in a triangular duel at the first opportunity, and M. Thiers is alleged to hâve avowed his belief that the maintenance of a moderate republic Is Impossible. The fact of the Assembly having authorised the Government to notify its withdrawal from the commercial treaties hitherto in force with Great Britain and Belgium Is confirmed. There is some talk of a treaty being entered into by tbe great powers for the suppression of the International Association. This would be a perilous proceeding, because it would tond to undermine the social fabric in every country In Europe by secret conspiracies, the very magnitude of which would be aggravated, to the popular apprehension, by the mystery in which their operations would be enveloped. i"°> "My Lord St. Albans said that " nature did never put her precious " jewels into a garret," and after read- ing the report of the proceedings con- nected with the recent election for the county of Camden, in a neighbouring colony, we are disposed to echo the apothegm of Francis Bacon. In the middle of last year Mr. Thomas Garrett, formerly a member of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, was appointed police magistrate at Berrima, with a salary of £500 per annum. On the 12th of February, he resigned his magistracy, and filed his schedule in the Insolvent Courb of Sydney, his debts being £3,167, and his assets £30. This was not made public until the 24th ult. Three days previously he had caused himself to be placed in nomination for the county of Camden, and on the 26th of February, before the electors could be made ac- quainted with his being insolvent, he was returned by that constituency. Had he been elected first and become insolvent afterwards, he would have been disqualified to take his seat by the terms of the Constitution Act. _s it is, however, he does not break the law ; he merely transgresses its spirit. He will enter the Assembly, and will take part in the work of legislation by a discreditable trick. He divests himself of everything he possesses-estimated value ¿30-and snaps his fingers at his creditors to whom he owes upwards of £3,000. Without any visible means of support, Mr. Garrett will of course play the rôle of an independent and incorruptible member of Par- liament. He could not liva upon £500 a-year as a police magistrate, but he will experience no difficulty In subsisting upon nothing as one of the law-makers of the colony. Some of the electors at the hustings pronounced his return to be " a dia " grace." It is something more-it is a clanger. Such incidents debauch the public mind. For what is the inference which people will legitimately deduce from Mr. Garrett's agile performances -his leap from the police magistracy into the Insolvent Court, and from thence into the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales? What but this that neither the want of principle nor of common prudence is held to incapacitate a man in the slightest degree for the discharge of the weightiest and most important duties which can de- volve upon the citizens of a free country. People know that a Parliamentary re- presentative must live, and how do they conclude that Mr. Garrett-an in- solvent with liabilities to the tune of £3,000-is to maintain himself, and at the same time to maintain his independ- ence 1 Is it expected that he will become, aB a matter of course, the pensioner of the party in power or of the Opposition ? Or is it tacitly understood that there are secret ways and means of ag- grandisement open to a member of the Legislature, of which the general public know nothing 1 According to Mr. Gabrett's own showing, in a letter addressed to the Sydney Morning Herald, he was head over ears in debt, and frequently having executions taken out against him, while he was adminis- tering the law as a magistrate. Yet he is evidently unable to see how this very circumstance must have militated against his upright and unbiassed fulfilment of his judicial duties. He is equally blind, it appears, to the gross impropriety of becoming one of the law-makers of the colony on the very morrow of his insolvency, and while the acquisition of a certificate of legal release from his debts is still a matter of doubt. Amidst the changes and chances of colonial life, Insolvency, no doubt, comes to be lightly regarded. Still, even the least exacting will admit that it is desirable that legislators and judges ßhould evince their capacity for regulating the conduct of other people by the display of a certain amount of prudence and decency In the manage- ment of their own affairs. If foul words could taint the air, the atmosphere of this city would be poisonous. It is enough, to make one wish to be deaf rather than to be com- pelled to listen to the loud-voiced obscenities indulged in by a large class of persons as they pass along the street. The chief offenders in this way are boys in a transition state. They appear to revel in coarse profanity of an utterly senseless and unmeaning description, but in the last degree revolting to ears even ordinarily sensitive, and they are, at the same time, entirely in- different to its effect upon others. Nor is this kind of language limited to occasions of excitement, when an emphatic manner of some kind is looked for. Conversation of the most ordinary sort is interlarded with disgust- ing ejaculations, not communicating any additional meaning to the phrases with which they are combined, nor at all calculated to intensify their signification, but used apparently out of mere wilful- ness of verbal redundancy. Indeed, if persons using such language are listened to for one moment, it will be found that the subject of their remarks is generally of the least interesting description. They will occupy half an hour detailing some trifling matter not possessing the slightest value as a topic of common attention, but regarded as very interesting by themselves. *** *** *** to be interest- ing to everybody *** *** *** seem as if, to persons of a low intellectual type, the tedious, narration of matters in which they are exclusively concerned is an occupation productive of great enjoyment, and that the enjoyment is increased by the use of filthy collo- quialisms. It is unfortunately true, too, that the employment of coarse language is not confined to persons belonging to what we may, for distinction's sake, describe as the lower orders. 'It is not, perhaps, the rule for educated persons to indulge in very marked profanity in the streets, at any rate not very audibly ; buf a great many educated persons are so completely in the habit of employing language of this low level in ordinary discourse, that the loud- voiced profanity of the streets does rnot<Àjkgiciently shock them. At any rate^Sis not found that they invoke the aid of the law in an endeavour to repress it, so that it is only incidentally the authorities are informed of these offences against decency. Thus, some time .ago a number of unsavoury young ruffians were brought before the City Court, charged with vagrancy. The constables stated that a good deal of bad language had been used by them, but the bad language was not the lead- ing offence for which they were sent to gaol. Now and then we read that somebody has been punished for " insulting behaviour," but the bad language, combined.with the behaviour, always appears to have been an inci- dental, not a principal offence, and the -consequence is that improprieties of language are virtually regarded as venial -offences. The law, however, is distinct enough in its proscription of this offence, and there ought to be no difficulty in em- ploying it so as to bring about the sup- pression of this moral nuisance of the streets. The impropriety is one which demands to be put down, if for no other reason than the corrupting influence it must exercise upon young children, who cannot avoid listening to it. That it works mischief in this way, to a large extent, is beyond queation. For corruption of the mind, aB need hardly be said, comes often from contamination of the senses. Coarse- ness and impurity of ideas are engen \- dered by the moral violence done to the organs of seeing and hearing ; so that, regarded as an obstruction to the pro- gress of educational training, foul lan- guage is a vice that ought to be promptly repressed. It is an evil which moral sanitarians might advantageously grapple with. The Californian mail, in accordance with the punctuality which it hits of late so well observed, arrived at Sydney on Saturday morning, and a telegraphic summary of its intelligence was soon afterwards received from our Sydney correspondent. This de- spatch, a portion of which was issued in a second edition on Saturday, appears else- where. It will be seen that the transconti- nental railway line in the mountain portion had suiferedagooddealof interruption,andlate experience has shown that this route, great .. as aro its attractions for passengers, is scarcely fitted to be a favourite one during the winter season. The Mornington election campaign was opened by Mr. Purves on Saturday at Schnapper Point, which was supposed to be the stronghold of Mr. Everard. Mr. Purves met with a very good reception, there being about 150 persons present, who listened to him very attentively. Mr. Wilberforce Ste , pken was in the chair. A vote of confidence in the candidate was carried unanimously. Afterwards a committee was formed to secare Mr. Purves's return. Captain Dane has published a programme of his election meetings, commencing this week. He opens the ball at Cranbourne on Tuesday, at Tucker's Hotel. On the same day Mr. Purves will address the electors at . Dandenong. An ordinary meeting of the City Council will take place this afternoon, when some im- portant items will come under discussion. A little business postponed from last meeting is upon the notice paper. In addition a member of the Health Committee will have to be elected in place of Alderman Bayles, who has resigned his position on that committee, anda schedule of proposed expenditure for the pre- sent year under the Public Works Committee will be submitted. The Health and Legisla- tive Committees jointly recommend that as the council has no power to enact a bye-law ..proposed by Alderman Cohen, empowering seizure of deleterious food or drink by the health officer, the Central Board, of Health, be requested to embody the provision in the proposed Amending Health Act. The Finance Committee re -commends the election of a rate collector for ? Gipps Ward from among these candidates, viz : -Messrs. Michael Alexander, F. W. Barnard, | .George Bygate, James Goodridge, G. A. Mouritz, and J. E. Smith. The Legislative Committee recommends that four bye-laws disallowed (illegally, according to standing counsel) by the Governor in Council be repealed and embodied in a bye-law applying to all parts of the city south of the centre of Reilly-street. The same committee advises that Mr. J. M. Barry's request for the affixing of the corporate seal to a letter from the town clerk to him, dated March 13,1860, desiring the preparation of plans of the Western-market» should be refused, because the bulk of the claim proposed to be thereby raised arises from Mr. Barry's own delay in pressing to a settlement. Councillor A. E. Smith asks for statistics of legislativo Committee meetings for the last -four years. Councillor Gatehouse wishes the deputation relative to the re-appointment of the St. Kilda road toll to urge upon the Commissioner of Railways and Roads that a reserve fund of £2,0C0 per annum for build- ing a new bridge be a first oharge upon the toll. Notice of motion is given by Coun- cillor Curtain-" That a call of the whole council be made for next meeting', to consider the following resolutions:-1. That a bill be prepared and submitted to Parlia- ment early next session, asking for power to -erect a wholesale and retail general market on the south end of Carlton-gardens, fronting "Victoria-street, and to sell the present site in £onrke-street, the proceeds, say £150,000, to form the nucleus of a sewerage fund, to be applied towards carrying out the sewerage of the city, without any but unavoidable delay. 2, That, contingent on the above powers being obtained, a loan of £100,000 be raised on Corporation debentures, bearing 5 per cent, interest, to be appropriated as follows-say £40,000 to building a substantial, suitable, bat compared with present plans inexpen- sive, market on the new site ; £40,000 towards 'flagging and otherwise completing the streets of the city ; and £20,000 in erecting a hay and horse market at the junction of the flemington and Sydney roads." I1 The Clunes Waterworks, which have been constructed on Bullarook Creek, were opened ,on Saturday. The scheme consists of a 'storage reservoir for two hundred million gallons at the head of the creek, 19 milea from the town ; 10 miles lower down a weir, which backs up some two millions and a half of gallons ; an aqueduct one mHe and a half long, and a pipe track of six and one-eighth miles. All except the storage reservoir is finished. The capacity of the works ia from two to three million gallons per 21 hours. 'Owing to a disagreement between the borough and the commission, the townspeople do not yet participate in the benefits of the Bupply, and water is only laid on to the principal ?mines. The commission have not powor to levy rates. When completed the scheme will cost from £50,000 'to £60,0£0 ; up to the present it has cost £35.000. Tbe attendance on the Flemington race course was much better on Saturday than the previous day, though there was still a very small assemblage for an autumn meeting. The racing was, as a rule, of a very uninterest- ing description. Warrior had a very easy victory in the Grand Stand Stakes. Mermaid carne in second, but was disqualified for being short weight, and Patrie, who walked in, was declared second. The Nursery Handicap was the best race of the day, Bel phegor beating the favourite, Argus Scan- dal, at the finish, to the great dis- comfort of the horse racing bookmakers, who thought the race a certainty. Miss Walton was third, all the others well up. Eight horses stated for the Autumn Handicap, the winner being Detective, who is thus a cheap horse to Messrs. Joshua Brothers, as they get balf tho stakes. Cleolite was second and Lapdog third. Warrior carried off the Town Plato comfortably, Contossa a good second, and Hamlet, the only other starter, a bad third. In the Steeplechase, Dutchman fell at the second jump, Western baulked severaltimesandlostallchance, Nankaboofoll leading at the abattoirs, and Babbler disposed of the Monk in the last quarter of a mile, winning the race by eight or ten lengths, and plenty to spare. Rambler won the Heiter Skelter, after a good finish with Farmer's Daughter ; Flying Scud was third. The win ner was sold for £72, of which £22 goes to the club. Flying Scud was claimed and put up at £75. After some spirited bidding, he was bought by Joseph Thompson for £101, the club receiving £26 of the price. The club will thus receive £46 out of the £50 given for the race. It was generally understood that Flying Scud was bought in for his former owner. If so, paying £26 for the privilege of running his horse in a selling race will perhaps make him a little more cautious for the future. His Excellency the Governor was on the course during the day's racing. The weather was very pleasant for an out of door gathering, and everything passed off very quietly. It is anticipated that the club will lose consider- ably by the meeting. The settling will take place this day, in the morning at the Victoria Hotel, and in the evening at the Prince of Wales Hotel. The members of the ring are beginning to find out that keeping racehorses is not such a very profitable amusement as in the first blush of their success it was fondly imagined to be. Mr. Joseph Thompson is the first to see the mistake of a bookmaker keeping a racing stud, and he has resolved to dispose of the whole of his racing stock by public auction, at Kirk's Bazaar, on the 19th inst. Full particulars as to pedigree, engagements, &c;, will shortly be advertised. The stud consists of a yearling filly by Fireworks, out of Art Union, bought at Mr. Petty's last sale for 310 guineas. Two year olds-St. Alban's (imported), by Blair Athol, bought at the sale of thelateMr. J. Moffatt's stud for 510 guineas ; Moze), by Ace of Clubs, out of Seagull ; a bay colt by FiBhhook, bought at Mr. Hunter's last sale ; King of the Bing, and Argus Scandal. The two last named colts will be shipped for Sydney by the s.s. City of Adelaide on Wednesday, in order to meet their engage- ments at the A. J. C. Autumn Meeting. There is only one three-year-old, Lady Exeter, out of Agitation. Romula, four years old, whose career on the turf is so wollknown, and Steeltrap, a gelding, same age, by New Warrior. The aged horse Lapdog, and the brood mare Agitation, the dam of Lady Exeter and Romula, completo the list. The sale of thoroughbred yearlings from the stud farms of Woodstock and Bryan-o' Lynn, which takes place this day at Kitk's Bazaar, is second only in importance to the annual sale of the Maribyrnong yearlings.1 Mr. R. J. Hunter has 10 higbly-bred yearlings, all by Peter Wilkins, from dams of the highest class. These youngsters have been on view at the Bazaar for some time, and as there is a goodly gathering of racing men in Melbourne just now, there should be some keen competi- tion for them. The game running of Flying Dutchman in the Australian Cap on Friday last shows what Peter Wilkins' stock arc when properly treated. After the sale of the Woodstock lot Mr. H. Phillips will offer 1C yearlings for sale. Eight of them are by Panic and two by Athos. These yearlings are in much better condition than the lot Mr. Phillips brought down last year, and they have been very much admired by those who have inspected them, In addition to the yearlings there are four two-year-olds bj Panic, also for sale. A bettor opportunity oi securing a first class animal, has not offered for some time past. All the lots have been very carefully reared, and are possessed oi excellent constitutions. Now that the mem- bers of the ring have arrived at the con- clusion that it is better to keep to their legi- timate business than mix it up with keeping racehorses, there is some inducement for gen- tlemen to trust their horses in the hands oi our public trainers. We are informed that steps are being taken amongst gentlemen connected with the ship- ping and trading interests of Melbourne te give a complimentary dinner on Tuesday te Mr. Webb, the well-known American ship- owner. The energy and indomitable perse, veranee shown by Mr. Webb in his endea- vours to establish a permanent line of steam communication between Australia and Ame- rica may, and we trust will, ultimately be crowned with the success that they deserve, but hitherto the only result to Mr. Webb, so far as Australia is concerned, has been a very large and unrequited outlay. Whatever the issue of pending negotiation! may be, there is no doubt that the enter- prising efforts of Mr. Webb have been such at to amply merit the recognition of the mer cantile class of Melbourne. The business transacted at the Supreme Court on Saturday was of little publit interest In the Juries of Twelve Court, the case of Young v. Ninnis, an action to reeovei a large sum of money on dishonoured bills &£., was part heard. In the Juries of Foul Court, the case of Qillard v. Watson, wat decided in favour of the plaintiff. It was at action of ejectment brought on a deed whict secured the plaintiff £60 a year for) life. Ii was shown that the payments were in arrears, and that he was consequently entitled te obtain possession of certain premises it Swanston-street, which the deed empowered him to hold until his claims were liqui dated. In another column appears a list of sub scriptionB to the Greymouth Flood Relie Fund collected in this city by Messrs. Glen Thompson, and Cook, The donations, which as it will be seen, are of a liberal character are from the leading business houses of Mel bourne, and make up the respectable sum o £294 10s. Madame Carandini, with the Misses Caron dini and Mr. Sherwin, returned yesterday ii the s.B. Derwent, after a professional tour it Tasmania. The Government has appointed Dr. Patrie! Smith, who has for several years filled thi office of resident surgeon to the Melbourni Benevolent Asylum, to the post of assistBUi resident medical officer of tho Ararat Lunatii Asylum. In gaining a good officer to thi public service, the Government deprives ai important charitable institution of verj valuable assistance. Dr. Smith is known t the medical profession and to the publi of Melbourne as a highly efficient and meri torious officer, and it will not be easy to fil his place at tho asylum in such a manner a will insure the subscribers and the inmate against loss through his resignation. When h leaves Melbourne Dr. Smith will carry wit him the best wishes of a large circle t friends, and if he does not do much usefc work in his new sphere of operations, he wi) greatly disappoint the expectations which hi Melbourne career has raised in regard t him. The annual meeting of the Royal Sociel will he held this evening in the hall of ti society. The report of the council for the past year will be presented, the treasurer's report furnished, and the officers for the en- suing session elected. It is hoped that mem- bers will attend as numerously as possible, in order that an.efficient council may be elected, as the business during the next 12 months is expected to be of an unusually important kind ; and it is believed that an endeavour will be made by some of the more actively disposed members to extend tho operations, and so increase the usefulness of the so- ciety. ' "Rasche's Patent Direct-acting Steam battery," for the reduction of quartz, has been before the public for somo time, and has already been noticed in our columns. It has now been brought forward with modifications and improvements, and in its new form it has met with the approval of scientic men and practical quartz-miners. A practicable model of the machine is on view at the Vulcan foundry, in A'Beckett-street, and on Saturday last this was seen in motion by many gentle- men well qualified to pronounce an opinion as to its merits, and performed to their entire satisfaction. As our former account of the machine may have been forgotten, and the subject is one of great importance to the gold- fields public, we may again state that Rasche's battery is a machine that works somewhat in the same way as a steam-hammer. Besides a boiler, cylinder, and piston, and the neces- sary stampers, it has scarcely any other gear. Steam is admitted under the piston, which in rising carries up the stamp shafts (four in number) along with it. The necessary elevation having been reached, the stamps are liberated by a simple contrivance, and falling upon the quartz under treat- ment perform the desired crashing pro- cess. The chief merits claimed for the machine are cheapness and portableness. A four-stamp battery will cost £150, the stamps being of 5cwt. each, and the whole machine weighing about three tons, and the number of strokes varying from 60 to 120 a minute, according to the area of the tables and the velocity of the discharge of the tailings. No part of the machine, we are informed (except, of course, the boiler), is beyond the power of a horse to carry on its back, and if it (the machine) proves as effi- cient in practice as it promises to be, it will prove the means of introducing quartz crushing apparatus into regions quite inacces- sible to a dry reducing machinery. Persons interested in quartz country difficult of access should see Rasche's machine, and form theil own judgment as to its merits. A board of inquiry-consisting of Mr. Tem- pleton, P.M., Lieut.-Colonel Mair, and Mr. Bent, M.L.A.-held an investigation al Schnapper Point on Saturday into the con- duct of Mr. Armstrong, the clerk of the Bench, The charges were of a most trumper] character, being principally that Mr, Arm- strong had collected money to defray the expenses of a party in a late case in the County Court. The board decided that th< charges were not sustained. On Saturday a minor named John Hay, living at Caledonia Diggings, was picked ur. by a trooper in the Plenty Ranges, and wai conveyed to the Holbourne Hospital, as hi seemed to be internally injured. He was in i very exhausted state lying on a sheet of bark where it was supposed he bad lain for severa days, and he appeared to be suffering fron starvation. He was 44- years of age, ant appeared to be naturally delicate. Being hart of hearing, and, moreover, scarcely able ti speak, the man could tell nothing as to hov he was placed in the state in which he wa found. Last night there was vory littli alteration in his condition. Robert Edwards, aged 52 years, living a Hampstead, was admitted to tho Melbourne Hospital on Saturday, having had his arm an< face injured by the explosion of an old shot hi was drilling out in a quarry. A sudden death occurred on Saturday in a wine shop at 114 Little Collins street. A German named Frederick Wanamacher, be- tween 40 and 50 years of age, fell down suddenly in the shop in question, and being taken to the hospital, died immediately on reaching the institution. An inquest will be held to day. The Emerald-hill Licensing Bench, consist ing of Messrs. Mollison, Nimmo, and Foote held their quarterly meeting on Saturday Altogether, there were 15 applications fo publicans' licences, of which four were fe new houses and the rest transfers. Four c the applications were withdrawn, and th rest were granted. A very destructive fire occurred on Satui day night at the timber yards of Messrs. J S. Lee and Co,, of Victoria-street, Hotham Particulars of the fire are given inanothe column. Several porsons were arrested at the race course on Friday on charges of gambling with cards, and were taken before the City Bench on Saturday. James Giles and Abraham Leevy were taken together, and both were seen to drop cards. Leevy, it was stated, had been convicted of gambling at Geelong, and the Bench discharged him, ordering the other to prison for seven days, having apparently made a mistake as to which had been pre- viously convicted. Joseph Hewitt was let off with three days' imprisonment for playing the three-card trick. Michael Aarons was charged with insulting behaviour, and a witness who had given information to the detectives relative to some gamblers said that Aarons told him that in his part of the country the informer would have been half killed for telling the detectives about the others. Detective O'Callaghan said he told Aarons to go away in consequence of what he said to the informant, but Aarons declare he would not do anything of the sort—he had paid his 2s. to go on the ground and would stay. O'Callaghan told him a loafing black- guard like that should not be allowed in, and he replied how dare he call him that, and followed him about. Aarons said also he knew the chief commissioner, and would have O'Callaghan dismissed within a week, and would lay any money O'Callagan would not live another week in the force. Detective Potter stated Aarons said he had O'Callaghan under his thumb. A witness for the defence said he was going to enter an action against Detective O'Callaghan, and he therefore wished the Bench to look at a "recom- mendation to character." He first heard Detective O'Callaghan call Aarons a rogue, liar, and thief, and told O'Callaghan that if he had a spark of humanity in him he would not call him that. If the man was a thief he ought to watch him and take him up. O'Callaghan was drunk to the best of the witness's belief, and he believed Constable No. 11 G would say the same. O'Callaghan abused everybody, and wanted the other de- tectives to take the witness in charge. He would not swear O'Callaghan was drunk. The witness said he did not say thiso utof frlendship for Aarons, who was his biggest enemy. Tom Canary said O'Callaghan called the prisone " a d——d thief and a loafer." O'Callaghan admitted calling Aarons a loafer, and said he would not have been far out had he called him a thief also. Constable Doolan deposed that O'Callaghan was perfectly sober, while Aarons was very violent. Mr. Sturt, P.M., said the prisoner's interference had got him into this trouble, and his witness had pre- ferred a charge of drunkenness against the detective, which was disproved. Aarons was fined 10s., or three days in gaol. Samuel Nathan was released on a charge of obstruct- ing the detectives about the same time. On Friday, passengers in Bourke streeet were alarmed by the furious rate at which horse careered along that thoroughfare, the rider being under the influence of drink. Constable Bergin ran after the disturber, but failing to overtake him, kept his eye open and caught him as he came back. The rider, named Thos. Toogood, was taken before the City Bench on Saturday, charged with furios riding, and said he did not think he was riding very quick. The constable said the horse was apparently going as fast as he could. The offender was fined 10s,, or 48 hours' imprisonment, Two young men who had either got up too early or had omitted to go to bed, were at the corner of Russell and Bourko streets on Saturday morning at about half-past 7, when they began to fight, and a constable arrested them. They wanted to make it up and shake hands on the way to the lock-up, but the constable would not let them go, and they appeared in a few hours before the City Bench. In court they laughed very much, and said they were good friends again. One struck the other and the other retaliated, and that was all. After explaining this, one of them looked at the other and laughed, the other looked at him and laughed, and then they both laughed together, while the Bench smiled, and, telling them to shake hands and go about their business, discharged them. Their names are James Brennan and Robert O'Hallahan. A correspondent has addressed us in refer- ence to an incident which occurred during the passage of the express train conveying His Excellency the Governor from the Geelong races to the railway ball, at the new goods shed, Melbourne. According to the writer's version, the Governor was placed in a most perilous position in consequence of the action of a servant, presumed by our correspondent to be inexperienced, and believed to be only in receipt of 1s. 6d. per day for his services. The train was coming from Geelong at the rate of a mile a minute, says our informant, and when near Little River Station was allowed to run on to a loop or side line, in consequence of the servant in question pulling the wrong handle, or something of that sort. This loop line led into the main line again, and at the junction the points were secured by a padlock and bolt, and had not the bolt fortunately given way, the train, our correspondent is informed, would have been thrown off the line, and, in all probability, have found its way into the Little River close by. Presuming the officials to have believed the Governor to have been in happy ignorance of his danger, the writer wishes, if the presumption be true, to know why the matter should have been hushed up. Having made inquiries we find that the facts as stated by the railway authorities, and the inference to be drawn from them, differ considerably from the version given by our correspondent. The Governor's special train, it is stated, was, according to the arrangements previously made, to have passed the ordinary passenger train from Melbourne at the Werrlbee station, but the Governor's train starting late, it was arranged between the stationmasters at Little River and Werribee that they should pass at Little River, which is nearer to Geelong than Werribee is. The driver of the special was not told of the alteration when he started, and did not know he was to stop at Little River until he arrived within the scope of the signals at that station, when he was sig- nalled to pull up. The stationmaster had already arranged that when the special reached Little River it should run on to a side or loop line, and remain there till the ordinary train, going the opposite way, had passed ; and the special did go on to the siding, but, coming up at a greater rate of speed than was expected, it went along the loop line, and crossed the points at the further end. The connecting bolt at the points gave way, and tho train ran on to the main line ; but there was no danger in this, as the points are so arranged that a train running through the points will break through the bolt without risk to the train. The train then pulled up, and waited on the side line some 10 or 12 minutes till the other train passed. Nothing was said to the Governor on the matter, as there was never any danger, but the station-master, Mr, Nantes, sent in a report, which has been handed to Mr. Gibson, line inspector, and awaits the return of Mr. Longmore to be dealt with. The special was to have done 45 miles in an hour and a half, and was not going anything like 60 miles an hour. The question to be decided is, whether the station- master showed the correct signals to the special, and, if so, whether the driver of the latter came up too fast in face of the signals, or whether the driver got no proper signal, and whoever is to blame will be punished ; but the affair is not looked upon as a grave matter in the department. The station master is said to be in receipt of 8s. a day with light, wood, and water. Shortly before 3 o'clock on Saturday morn0 ing, a fire occurred at 25 Queonsberry street Hotham. The premises consisted of two dwellings, one storied, and built of brick, one occupied by Benjamin Jones, who owned both places, and the other by Henry Smith The building was considerably damaged by fire, and the furniture by removal. The building was insured for £150 in the Victoria Company, and the furniture for £150 in the National Company. Jones stated that when going down the yard he left a lighted candle on a chair in the kitchen, near a bath enclosed by curtains, and he supposed that these curtains, coming in contact with the flame of the candle, caught fire. The body of a man was found floating it the Yarra yesterday morning, near the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, by Mr. Baldwin, employed at that institution. It was that of a man, apparently about 40 years of age with dark hair, and was very much decom- posed. It was dressed in a black coat, dark tweed trousers and vest, elastic side boots, cotton socks, and in one of the pockets was found a scrap of paper, on which the follow- ing words were written :—"I could not live with my wife, and had not the life of a dog with her.—R. Reaby." The body awaits identification at the Yarra Bend. The in- quest will be held to day. A man named Charles Forbes, alias M'Pherson, was charged at the City Court on Saturday with stealing £12 from Adam Brydon, a miner, at present in Melbourne. The latter stated that on Thursday week he went to sleep on the doorstep of the place where he lodged, as he could not get in, and was wakened by the prisoner, who said if the witness had had any money he would have lost it. It was then about 4 o'clock in the morning, and they went to the Sir Walter Scott Hotel, and going in by a side door, had some drink. They then went to the Iceworks in Franklin-street, where the prisoner was employed, and again returned to the hotel, when witness suspecting the other wanted to rob him, walked away. The prisoner followed and spoke to him, and witness felt him put his hand in his (witness's) pocket and draw out his pocket-book, which contained £12 or £14. The prisoner went away, and witness saw him at the racecourse on Friday, and gave him in charge. In cross- examination it was elicited that Brydon had previously visited various places, and as his evidence was un- corroborated, the Bench discharged the prisoner. The Statistics of the Public Library, Museum and National Gallery, for the month of February, give the following particulars : Visitors to the institution, 27,216 ; visitors to the library, 18,144. Publications received under the Copyright Act, book, maps pamphlets, &c;, 713; donations received from America, 4 ; Asia, 5 ; Australia, 1125 ; Europe 155\. Total, 2,002. "The weather during the post week, reports the Government astronomer, '" was fine, but very hot and oppressive, until th morning of the 8th, when it became dull with a cool, gentle, southerly breeze am light rain showers. The highest temperetur in tho shade, 96 0°, was recorded on th afternoon of the 6th ; while the highes recorded in March, 1871, was 86T, in 187 WO', in 1869 8Ö1*, in 1668 UW, in 186 971>\ in 1866 96 0*. in 1865 96 î". in 186 919", in 1863 921*, in 1862 98-6*, in 186 '961«, in I860 95 2", in 185» 867", in 185 OS^0 ; the lowest, WO", on the 9th. The highest reading of theharometer, 30148in., oc- curred on the Oth, with moderate S.E. breezes; the lowest, 2fl'897in., on the afternoon of the 7tb, with a strong north wind. Rain fell to the amount of 0 03in., making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 5 99in., as compared with 6'57in. during the same period in 1871, 3 35 in 1870; 2'38in. in 1869, 312m. in 1808, 4 08m. in 18G7, 2'52in. in 1866, 172in. in 1865, 6 04m. in 1864, 4'88in. in 1863, 2'14in. in 1862, 6-89in. in 186L 3t)6in. in 1860, 374in. in 1859, 579in. in 1858, or an average of 4-06in." With respect to the utilisation of the Sand- hurst Pall Mall Reserve, the Advertiser reports :-"A proposición was received by the council on Friday from Mr. Foster, writing from the Melbourne Club, offering to accept a lease of 300ft. of the Pall Moll Reserve, near View Point, for 21 years, at tho annual rental of £2 per foot, the lessee to erect a building at an expenditure of £12,000, and the whole to revert to the corporation at the expiration of the term, The offer was considered 'a liberal one, and it was pointed out by one councillor that if all the vacant land were leased in a similar manner, the rent that would accrue would be equal to a sixpenny rate ; and at the end of 21 yoars, the council would have realised the sum of £72,000 sterling. The majority of members regretted the in- ability of the council to entertain the propo- sition." The man Richard Daley, who is charged with the cases of highway robbery under arms at Longwood and Seymour, has been brought before the local courts of Avenel and Sey- mour, and committed for trial on both charges. The evidence as to prisoner's identity was completed by the statement of a woman named Anderson, wife of a boundary rider on Mr. Lloyd Jones's station, who said that prisoner came to her place on February 27, the day of the second robbery, and asked for food, which she gave him. The follow- ing conversation passed between them : "He said, I suppose you have heard of me. I said I had not seen nor heard of him to my knowledge. He then said, You have heard of the sticking-up case near Avenel. I said, That was the poor hawker. He said, Yes, I'm the man. I said, If that is your occupation I hope you have not come hero to stick np a poor boundary rider's hut. He said, No, don't be afraid, I don't take advantage of women when they are alone. He then went away, taking the bread, beef, &c;, and the gun. I said, You are a very foolish young man to come here, as you must know the police will be after you. He said, I know they are, but I will give them some trouble to find me. I told him he needn't have shot the man. He said he did not wish nor intend to do so, but it was time when the pistol was presented. He then left, and I lost sight of him." "An order has been obtained," reports the Ballarat Star, "for the compulsory seques- tration of the estate of Mr. John Honeyman, late of Ballarat, but now somewhere on the high seas. Mr. Honeyman has left friends sadly lamenting his departure, and a heavy overdraft is currently reported as standing against his name at the bank at which he did business—some say it is £2,000, some more. The departed was a rather large speculator, and operated with a clique who were connected in the rigging operations in the shares of the United Albion and Prince of Wales Company, and he also dealt largely in other stocks that were notorious for sudden and spasmodic fluctua- tions. It is generally supposed that he has money to a very handsome amount in Eng- land, and of course efforts will be made to transfer some of it to this country to settle accounts. Mr. Honeyman, who was looked upon as one of the 'unco guid,' was imagined to be well in, and was thought to be an honourable man." The prize swimming matches which annually take place at the Sandridge Sea Baths were successfully brought off for this season on Saturday afternoon. The weather was rather cool for such contests, but the water was tolerably warm, and notwithstanding that it was race day there were some 500 or 600 persons in attendance. The various évents were competed for under the direction of Mr. Stedman and Mr. Strickland, the manager of the baths. The first match was for boys under 13 years of age, distance 100 yards, prize a silver medal, and it was won by a boy named Grut. An amateur race, distance 200 yards, produced a good contest between Salmon and L. Orr, the former win- ning by a yard only. The third race was the great event of the day, being the champion match. The distance was 500 yards, prize a massive silver medal in case, in addition to which the winner of the same match in three successive different seasons is to be presented with a handsome silver cup value £20. T. Connor proved the winner of this event, after an exciting struggle with Murdoch. Mr. Strickland won the plunging and floating matches, the prize for the latter being a gold medal. In the men's diving match, prize a silver medal, a dead heat was made by Clifford and Guthrie, The two then dived again, and Clifford was the winner, the distance he went being 55ft. There were several other minor events con- tended for, and a number of skilful evolutions in the water were performed by Mr. Strick- land and others. The third Crown lands sale of the week was held on Friday, at Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co.'s rooms, Collins-street west, The land catalogued included town lots in Hotham and Wallan Wallan, suburban lot; in the parishes of Frankston and Gisborne, a country lot near Dandenong, and a special lot at Elizabeth Island. There was a good attendance of purchasers, and some of the lots at Hotham realised very good prices. The country lot at Dandenong was withdrawn from sale, and ono of the lots at Hotham was passed in for want of an offer. The total sum realised by the sale was £2,563 Is. 7d. "We are informed on pretty good authority," says the Ballarat Courier, " that though Mr. Chauncey will be removed from Pleasant Creek, he will not come to Ballarat, but that Mr. Morres will be permitted to retain his position as district surveyor in this town." A New Zealand paper reports :-" During the recent floods on the West Coast, one family took refuge in a vat in a brewery, Other persons took refuge on logs and trees, and a few succeeded in getting boats. At Moonlight Creek an immense landslip took place. An eyewitness, describing its fall, says it was ' something terrible to behold. The whole mountain appeared to be moving, and when the lower edge of the slip entered the gulch formed by the creek, instead of crumb- ling away or breaking up, the enormous mass bent like a wave and ascended the opposite side of the ravine to a considerable height before it lost its form.' " ' Respecting the criminal, Cyrus Haley, who has been committed for trial at Auckland for attempted murder and Incendiarism, the local correspondent of the Otago Daily Times gives the following account :- " When the scrip mania of 1871 was at its height, and the New Zealand Insurance Company's building was thronged with sharebrokers and specu- lators, Haley hired the back part, which had been built for a store, but which he fitted up, under the direction of a Mr. Riordan (formerly of Dunedin), as a reading-room, and as one of the most convenient and luxurious restaur- ants in the colony. On the eve of opening the rooms the public was invited to inspect the arrangements. The long table was covered with elegant glass and crockery ; the kitchen fitted with a magnificent stove, and every requisite for the immediate supply of any number of guests. The same night the building was mysteriously burnt down. Greag sympathy was expressed for Haley, and jealousy on tbe part of other restauran keepers was spoken of as the probable cause of the fire. About the same time there was a great dearth of employment, and meetings were held of working men, on whom a share of the suspicion also fell. This was strengthened when the music-hall and the kerosene store were burnt, followed by a threatening letter sent for insertion in the Southern Cross, declaring that 1871 was to be a disastrous year in Auckland ; that it would be marked by fires, and that five men were to be shot before justice was satisfied. Then came the mysterious burning of the City of Auckland at the wharf. There was no doubt of incendiarism in the burning of the kerosene store, and of the second fire at the music-hall ; but the inquiry ended in nothing except abuse of the baffled police. Now, as the investigation goes on at the magistrate's court, there is the strongest suspicion that Haley was the sole culprit in all these cases. That hd was the man who fired into Russell's house, and who set fire on a subsequent night to his haystacks, there seems no doubt, nor does he seem to have cared to deny it himself." A New Zealand paper mentions that 11 men have had a very narrow escape of being poisoned at Upcot Station, Awatero, Marl- borough. By some accident a quantity of arsenic became mixed with the flour, and all hands having eaten it, there was no one able to go for medical assistance. Ten of the men have now recovered, but one is still ill. The New York Herald, of Docember 26 prints a long letter from the leader of the expedition which the proprietors of that journal, with unexampled enterprise, sent in search of Dr. Livingstone. In a leading article on the subject it says :-" The Arab village of Kwiharo, in Unyanyombo, was reached on the 30 th day of May, and in this place the expedition halted, after having travelled 525 miles in 84 days. It is from this Arab village, far a ay from civilisation, in the wilds of Africa, amid a straugo people, and hemmed in on all sides by the surround- ings of barbarism, that the Herald cor- respondent writes us the first tidings he has beard of Dr. Livingstone. 'I saw the MuBungu at Ujiji last year. Ho livod in the next tent to me. He has a long white moustache, and was very fat,' said Salim bin Rashead to our correspondent. ' The Mus ungu has gone to Harrier na,' replied the Sheikh Abdullah bin Washib to the queries put to him. ' I lived with him at Ujiji. His men bave deserted him. Ho had nothing with him to buy food for a long timo. He is a very old man, and very fat, too,' answered Sheik Thani bin Mossoud. These and like answers did the correspondent reçoive from the native chiefs regarding the great traveller. From all the information roceived, which is detailed in our correspondent's report in another page, there is every reason to believe that Dr. Livingstone is alive, and though age, fatigue, hardship, and want have laid their marks upon him, yet he lives, and the labours of his years will yet enrich science, and add to the general information of the world. The work of the expedition, however, is not yet completed, the journey not yet ended. The point, however, has been reached from which a new departure will be taken. Onward is still the cry, and deeper still into the wastes must the journey yot be carried. The mission so favourably commenced, so energetically persevered in, so courageously upheld, must crown its enterprise with success ore the an nouncement can be made to the world that the gool is won, and that the great traveller whose name is a home word throughout the universe has been saved or has sunk to a lonely grave among the wilds of Africa." The Daily Hews, in an article on the sitting of the Telegraphic Convention at Rome, points out the incongruity of such an assem- blage and the historic associations connected with the city in which it is held. " What," the News asks, " has the electric telegraph to do with Rome ? A tramway from the Pirrous to Athens seems in positive harmony with the genius of the place, when compared with a council of electricians and telegraph officials assembled in the city of the conclaves. Yet there is the Telegraphic Convention in session none the less. Modern science is not afraid even of the most majestic ghosts. Sa it calmly enters the city whore, according to an Italian writer, you cannot walk the streets without treading under foot the dust of heroes and saints, and it proceeds to moko arrange' ments for new enterprises and new tariffs oi telegraphy. All this is quito in keeping with the spirit of our modern world, and such a convention would appear just in its place in Loudon, or Berlin, or New York. But it is enough to make ' Capys, tho sightless seer,' start up in wonder again to hear of a telegraphic council being held in Rome. 'But thou, what dost thou hero, in the old man's peaceful hall V Can nothing be done to bid back the audacious intruder Science from the sanctuary which for so many ages bas been nnprofaned? Where is the edict that condemned the heresy of Galileo? It is as powerless as the sword which Pope Julius ordered Michel Angelo to place in the hand of his statue instead of tho book which the sculptor suggested. But the omen is a good one for united states when the samo season sees within the walls of Rome the session of the Italian Parliament and that of the Telegraphic Convention. Politics and science, free speech, free press, and the electric wire will, if anything can, sond back her youth and her vigour to Rome, fill with new glow and vitality her long-torpid veins, and revive that intellect which once thought it little to attempt the government of a world." " The progress of the Japanese in adapting themselves to European ways is," writes the Daily News, "extremely rapid. Thoy no sooner heard of paper money than it was substituted for specie, and immediately after understanding the principle of publia loans, the Government appeared in the London , market as the borrower of a million sterling. 'While the Chinese reject every offor made .to construct a railway, the Japanese are ¡making one of several hundred miles in length. While persons of consideration dopro ¡cate in Parliament the introduction of tram roads in London, thoy are being laid in Yoko- hama. While our Australian brethren, so shrewd in other respeots, aro permitting j themselves to bo deluded with tho fallacies I of protection, the Japanese are declaring for ¡free trade, and, as a beginning, have re- solved, when tho treaties are rovised next ¡year, to oxpnnge the prohibition ott the export of rice. Thoy aro tho first among foreign nations to follow Eng- lish oxamplo in forming a sooioty for tho prevention of cruolty to animals. Cbiof among the movers in this now departure is the Mikado. He has emancipated himself from tho rule which ordainod that ho should re main secluded from his people-an invisible sovereign who was ono- balf a divinity, and ali the more divine, perhaps, because ho was I never seen by tho commonalty. Ho recently attended at the opening of the first section of tho railway. Wishing to cultivate his mind, ho is now engaged in the study of German. When ho indnlges in drink- ing ho prefers champagne to the home- brewed liquors. Híb soldiers have for some time been armed and drilled an the European model. One thing, however, 'distinguished thom from European troops. This was the manner in which their foet wero covered, or sometimes left uncovered. The decree has now gono forth that the soldiers and all the Government officials aro to 'be shod in Bhoes of European pattern. AU those changes, and others equally sweeping, not included in the foregoing enumeration, aw equivalent to a revolution in Japan oi which we can with diffi<mitr tonn a_y con- ception/' A bowling match was played 'otweon the Richmond and Fitzroy clubs «__ the Carlton green- on Saturday. The first-moationed club won by threo points, the totals being 99 and 90. A' meeting of the Doyle Fund Committee will take place this evening at 5 o'clock, at Cavan agh's Hotel. We have received from Mr. John Ruther- ford a cheque for £5 5s. for the widow and family of the lato Captain James Lawrance. ïhe Rev. C. Onions will, to-morrow ovoningr, at the Town-boll, and under th? auiipicT of the Early-Closing Association, re delivur his interesting lecture on " Napoleon III." The registrar-general's abstract of births and deaths registered in the woek ending March 2, gives the following total-Births, 147 ; deaths, 89. All the districtsaro favour- ably reported on. As some misapprehension exists on the point, we have been requested to state that the irregularities recontly discovered in tho Railway department were in tho traffic branch, and not in the accountant's office. The number of prlsonors confined in the central gaol on Saturday last was 520, classi- fied as follows:-For trial-before Supreme Court, 13 males ; beforo magistrates, 7 moles, 3 females. Under sontence-hard labour, 184 males, 121 females: imprisonment, 62 males. 64 females ; lunatic, 1 female ; in default of bail, 22 males, 3 females ; debtor, 1 male. Total, 338 males, 184 females. Tho distribution of prizes competed for by the members of the Pentridge Volunteer Rifle Company took place in tho Orderly-room, Coburg, on Thursday evening, after the Commanding Officer's parade. Dr. Talbot presented the prizes—the first, a very hand- some cup, the gift of Lieut.-Colonel Champ, which was won by Private Lacey, who has not been in the company more than 12 months ; the second, a cup presented by Mr. Fleming, of Brunswick; won by Sergeant Lilburne, this being the second cup won by him. Tho usual monthly meeting of the com mittco of the Licensed Victorian Victuallers' Association was held on Thursday last, at the Victoria Hotel, Bourke-street west. The secretary reported that the ground was foncedt in, and surveyed by the association's surveyor, Mr. P. Matthews, which met with approval. Sevoral new members were elocted, and it was decided that the gentlemen forming the committee should bo supplied with lists of the members who had not paid up, and wait upon them personally, and urge them to contribute to the association, and enable it to take effective action during the next session of Parliament. The meeting thon adjourned till that day week, to report progress. Number of cases relieved by the com- mittee of the Melbourne Ladies' Benovolent Society for the fortnight ending March 5 : Individuals, 1,739 ; families, 536, comprising —widows, 275 ; sick and infirm, 102 ; de- serted wives, 44 ; wives whose husbands are in prison, 14 ; wives whose husbands are absent, 33 ; wives whose husbands are part- tially employed, 11 ; wives whose husbands are unemployed, 20 ; aged couples, 17 ; single womoe, l8 ; miscellaneous, 2. Outlay during the fortnight in relief of cases, £142 11s. Industrial home, inmates, 28 ; expenses during the fortnight, £6 17s.; earnings, £11 17s. 3d. Contributions thankfully received by the hon. treasurer, Mrs. Dunn, Little Lonsdale street west, or by any member of committee. The usual weekly meeting of the com- mitteo of management of the Immigrants' Aid Society, was held on Friday at the Home, Princes-bridge. Present — Messrs. Woolley, Oliphant, Griffiths, Dickson, and Sayce, in the chair. The state of the home was reported as follows :—Remaining last week, 378 ; admitted since, 144 ; discharged, 135; remaining, 387—comprising 237 men, 72 women, and 78 children. At the cor- responding period last year, there were 244 men, 84 women, and 77 children. Of the men—91 are sick or infirm, 17 stone-breaking, 125 oakum picking, &c; and 4 working out- side. Of the women—14 are sick or infirm. 2 at needlework, 8 in the laundry, 44 hair- teasing, &c;, and 4 working outside. Out- door relief has been given to 16 families, or 79 individuals, on presenting the relief cards of the society. 