JUMPING TIN CLAIMS. Yours, &c.;, September 18. A SHAREHOLDER. SIR, —It is not an edifying, and happily it is not in Queenaland a common sight, that of members of Parliament trying to "jump" tin-<*> mining claims. Such practices are generally con- fined to gold olaima and to the lower order of aociety. There are exoeptiona, however. In Maroh last, aome gentlemen in Briabane fitted out Mr. Crate to prospect for tin-bearing country, and after some endurance of hardship and camping-out he discovered the four rioh blocks belonging now to the Broadwater Oom pany, and lying at and near the junction of Reevea' Gully. The application and money for these were lodged early in April by the pro moter* of the Broadwater Company. In May aeveral of them viaited tbe elaima in question, and it was then that the Oommiasioner, Mr. Gregory, waa asked to rectify an alleged error of one or two words in the applioation named. Like an honest publio servant he, firat of all, ascertained that there were no other applications meantime for thit land, and then allowed the tpirit and obviout intention of the applicationi to take effeot, and any trifling alleged errort in th-* letter of the applioation were then and there condoned, oompromited, and for ever blotted out. In June the permissive license wat obtained and a company formed to work the claims. The turvey hat been completed for tne present owners, and all legal forma for the full acquire ment of the property duly, ao far, complied with. At the end of July, or in Augutt, appeart an application from tome members of Parliament for this aame ground. The MP.'* do not ap pear to have been heard of during the eary camping-out day* of the tin field, aud they are quite oonspiouous by their absence during thote months in whioh oartain knowing ones pro- nooneed the « Broadwater" a " sell, a defer, and a swindle, and destitute of tia;" bat, ac soon as tin in heavy deposits is found, the legie laton appear on theaoene Uke blue-bottles when the roast beef is brought on the table, and with about as mueh'right to share in it, and if any* thing less welcome than the insect* named gene-' rally are. Their spplieations were rejected by the Commissioner, being only about four month* later lodged than the Broadwater promotera were; and now the M.P.'s are reported to be trying to " earwig" the Miniater for Lands with their view of the case, like the little boya at cricket, who are alwaya calling out, " How* that, umpire?" and who, consequently, are never taken any notice of with their imaginary mare's neat*. However, for the fun of the thing, and by way of a reductio ad absurdum, we will suppose the memben of Parliament triumphant, and the Broadwater promoten' claims scattered, some two miles up and some two miles down the river : what follows P Even the legislator! don't deny that the promotera did apply for aome land, and that they were the firat applicant* on the river, and that elaima go by priority of application: it follows then, that the promoten mutt have aome land allotted them up and down the river, snd to do this they mutt displace othen who have land already allotted, and are at work and spending money in improvements. Thete, in their turn, mutt of ooune displace othera, and in ahort tbe whole of the elaima on the Severn River will have to be re distributed, the whole pack of carda re shuffled, if — if ■ the legialaton, modest idea ia to be made an accomplished fact; a hundred elaima would have to be done injuttice to for the take of obliging tome legislator! who have not the ghost of a thadow of a leg to atand upon in the juttice of their oase. If every trifling clerical error which haa appeared on the face of apnH/»_k'uni for tin landi were bruited about by the turveyon, and held to be fatal to the appli cants, I venture to assert that not a single tin selection would yet have been allotted, but all would still continue to be bone* of contention and source* of litigation. But, happily, tbe Commi asioner and staff were practical people, and regarded the apirit m .re than the letter, aa far aa they were able to judge of the aame, in the appliaation*. I am interested in thit case, as having bought five hundred promoten' aharea in the company, and I am aure I am only ex pressing the feeling of disgust which many othen ahare aa to the conduct of those who ought to know better than to do a* have done herein 