P1EIS. (from ode own cobbespokdent.) June 15. The Military Service Bill may now be con sidered the law of the land, aod bo every fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for five years, according to special circumstances, then to join the reserve until forty years of age. Men intended for the church, for the office of schoolmaster are, like college professors, ex empted from going under fire, except as am bulanaers. Gambetta opposed all exemp tions as a- privilege, and leading to abases, and as it is necessary that s door should be ' either closed or open, the concession in fa vour of the candidates for the church, or the profession of schoolmaster, opens a door very wide for evasions of the law. The real fight was over the article fixing the period of ser vice for active duty. There were high authorities in favour of three, four, aod five years. The shorter period is the Prussian plan, makes excellent soldiers, and allots them to return earlier tocivil duties. It was the 'illustrious general ' Tbiers who carried, or rather forced the Assembly to adopt the term of five years. Prince Frederick Charles — the highest of authorities on modern war — observes, relative to the three fears' service : — ' Some men, with thick skulk, must be kept longer than others to be made a soldier, but it is an error to think, the longer a man is kept the better soldier he becomes. The first year the recruit passes his time crying in the hospital, thinking of his Gretchen, and dream ing of his home. The second year be is a good po pil, knows hia drill, exercises with taste. The third year he commences to be a drunkard, thinks he knows enough of his profession, chafe the young recruits. This is the time to send him home — save to recall him when wanted.' xne £rencn say max u tney naa not a Government, they would have nothing to laugh at. M. Thiers, in again menacing to resign; if the Assembly did not accept his doxy of five years7 service for recruits, as Bomed a position painfully ridiculous. There was no justification for Jove to be angry ; the majority was with him, a fact which he well knew. Bat he desired to break his butterfly on the wheel. Every journal in France condemns him ; the Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loan be raised, but it does not intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and has had enough of auto crats. Besides, M. Thiers promised to re main Chief of the State, and not degenerate into a mere Cabinet Minister. Me has proved to be the most absolute of masters, opposed, as he has ever been, to every na tional reform, from cheap postage and rail ways, up to non-intervention and free-trade. As M. Thiers pales, M. Gambetta rises, because the latter is the only candidate who has a fixed and a vigorous programme — Napo- leon exempted ; but the ' man of Sedan ' is as deeply down among the dead a£ Henry V. and Louis Philippe 1L The return to power of Gam betta would be as nnfortunate as the restora tion of any of the three pretenders ; yet he might be the least of the evils. He leads an active, disciplined party, as united in the Assembly as in the country. M. Thiers is killing the ' moderate ' Bepublic, whose ad vent and success conld regenerate France through a fiery furnace. But AL Thiers has no fixed policy, no aim beyond an obstinate determination to carry out his own personal views, playing with and using all parties in turn — running with the hare and holding with the hounds. It is to castigate such a dissolving mode of Government that three of the richest and most Conservative electoral districts of France have just chosen, by mon Eter majorities, three avowed disciples of Gambetta. Old age cannot govern France, nor a feeble policy brace her up. As M. Thiers becomes more tyrannical and narrow minded, Gambetta becomes more violent and radical. Iago was nothing, if not critical; Gambetta is nothing, if not volcanic Xhe ' Woman's Hights ' question has once more come forward. The Society for the Civil Emancipation, of Woman has its journal, aud recently opened proceedings with a banquet, Victor Hugo sending ' health and apostolic benediction to the movement.' France is al most the last place in the world to discuss the woman question — first, becanse the wo men are the men in this country j and jucliced the according of unlimited liberty to the fair sex. Louis Blanc protests against tbe law, which compels the wife to follow the husband, as barbarous. Of two things, one ; either the vrife must obey the husband or the husband the wife. Tbe scaffolding of ages is not likely to be overthrown, even is France, where iconoclasm is so general, which protects the family from disorganization. It is moral, not legal force the wife ought to wield ; it is the head and not the heart that the legislature consults. The child cliogs to the mother without ever demanding is she slave or citizeness ; and that maternal power is greater, as it rests upon no law, as it spriDgs from the heart and goes right to the sou]. A society to induce husbands to fulfil their obli gations towards their wives, might do more good than an association to endow wives with votes. Where husband and wife understand each other, the woman question is ever shown the door. After the discussion on tbe Army Bill is ended, the financial state of the country will be debased. The Freetraders are dettrmiued to allow SL Thiers to have his way in favonr of Protection. The additional revenue required is to be raised by an income-tax — very slight; the object is to get in the thin end of the wedge. Some of the new sources of taxation are proving productive, but much economy ie required in their mode of collection. There are too many civil servants, more than ever existed under the ex-Empire, when favour itism and extravagance were so rampant. The Due de Choiseul was Minister of Finance under Louis XV. ; on one occasion he in formed that monarch, in confidence, that he had saved five millions in one month in the national exfienses, and desired to know what he was to do with it. ** Give me three mil lions, and keep two yourself.' was tbe reply of Louis the well-beloved. The Republic has chaDged all this kind of book-keeping, which has been peculiar to all dynasties in France. The coorict ships have at last set acil for 2-ew Caledonia, with the tritons and minnows of the Cummune. Rochefort will likely re main a prisoner in France. It is only a voy age for the condemned — nothing more— as a general amnesty is certain to be proclaimed by whatever party succeeds M. Thiers. Two or three years at most, and the over-ardent patriots will be brought back, and perhaps Pacific Ocean, will be sentenced themselves to take their places. The possibility of cucb an event may explain why the authorities bestow great kindness on the transported ? making friends of the Mammon of unrighte ousness. The lady members of the Commune — some twenty petroleuses — mistresses, or soiled doves, by profession — are, by a carious coincidence, to sail for New Caledonia in the 'Virginia.' Further, a showman announces that in a few weeks he will have sir of the natives of that penal settlement for exhibition, in guaranteed feathers and war paint. Paris ians will be anxious to make the acquaintance of their relatives' new neighbours ; butdecency forbids cannibalism. Tbe statistics of Paris, 60 far as the results of the cenEus are known, confirm the opinion that the population has not diminished, but is about tbe same as it was six years ago — abont two millions. A marked social change has taken place ; the wealthy portions of tbe city have been deserted for quarters where house rent is moderate, consequently there are immense palaces and blocks of splen did dwellings tenantless. The French, in this respect display one of the most sen sible phases of their character — a contempt for keeping up appearances when the purse is consumptive. Living is most expensive in ' Paris, the local taxes are enmliirur the^— . pire bequeathed a frightful debt to Paris, which the siege and the Commune increased. By economy, loans, and fresh taxes, the Muni cipal Council is bringing matters into order. It is at tbe Central Market where the imposts are levied on the food supplies, tbe duty being ad vaknem, and at present double. One hundred weight of butter will have to pay on an average 91 in taxation ; game, 20f ; barn door fowls, 9£ ; and eggs, 2f. The price of each commodity increases like a- snow-ball, in proportion to the number of hands it passes through, which may account for a few suicides of purchasers, or sadden deaths produced by. shocks. Fish is divided into three classes : salmon and torbot, &c;, pay 8 to 10 per cent. ; soles, eels; 4c, 5 per cent. ; and herrings, eardineR, fee, 3 per cent Then the cook levies ner — aAaf; penny so outrageously, that the -fin««i»«i ' ftrnrnn-nfl-n- inflirt''' his salamander forwbbery; one item in the acconnts was SB bqu* for a bundle -rf radishes, which can t»feonght«By»l_re&r3;«J_,i Baanewu 1 not very 'ctrong,' as the phrase is. Paris does a fair export trade, hut local transactions are next to dead, so the small traders are rapidly suspending cash payments, with no jirospect of a resumption. Even the gamins, who at this season used to shake theheavy May tUesfromthetreesintheChamps Eiysees, stick ing a pin in their backs, and so attaching them to a string, selling the finished article for one sons each to infant entomologists, have got no more work to do — the cold, wet weather having destroyed the insects, and with them a petit commerce. The newspaper trade is most prosperous. Paris has now sixty- eight daily journals, and the cry is still they come. The tendency is to bring ont morning, rather than evening editions. The proprietors have no great anxiety to provide early news. 'The latest intelligence' is a peculiarity of the Anglo-Saxon. The Latins here find that treatises on abstract politics and Buch fustian pay, becanse France still believes she writes, not for Frenchmen, but for mankind. The defeat -of the ' favourite ' at our Derby last Sunday has not cast a gloom over the capital. One sporting journal proves that tbe French racing studs are only English ones in disguise, and hence, Cremorne has only beaten a companion from his own stable. On the evening of the race, quite an inter national fight took place in die Mabille Gar dens, between the horsey interests of France and Eogland. The police carried off the bel ligerents before the Waterloo struggle was fought. The number of persons at the Derby in the Bois de Bologne — the display of wealth and luxury — made one forget the Second Empire. _ _ _ . Accompanied by a friend and two nired detectives, I visited a few nights ago the Roe Haio, where fifty hostages— priests, soldiers, jonrnalists, and policemen — were barbarously shot by the Commune during the last days of its Reign of Terror. The bodies were thrown into & common cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of the victims appeared every night as phosphorescent figures. We took up position before midnight, and re mained till two in the morning, when church yards are supposed to cease to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only the falling rain. The police, who were on tbe look- out for tbe persons who 'do the spirits,' were also disappointed, although at one time they believed they were on the eve of success, on seeing ns arrive. It is likely the stories of figures on the houses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the Haxo ghosts. Marshal Bazaise's trial, it is now said, will commence on tne 16C oi «iuiy, as me pi— us ui the battle-fields will then be ready for the Court There are thirty persons employed preparing and arranging the necessary docu ments, and the expenses of the trial ore ex pected to amount to 200,000£— » payment which tbe rich prisoner must make, if con victed. But in this matter the people will hare no ' ifs. ' They are glad to hear tbe Marshal enjoys good health, and hope nothing will alter it till the moment arrives when he shall have no more interest in its preservation. The Press is unanimous in claiming a fair trial, and abstains from prejudicing 'the greatest traitor of modem times.' Strange neutrality I The trial of theComteDubonrgfor the assas sination of his yonng wife, taken in adultery, is now going on. Since Madame Lafarge poisoned her husband, no similar event has occurred which has created more interest than the Dresent All the parties are voune. and most respectably connected. The Countess de Bourg, nSe M'Leod, wus the youngest of four sisters. Her father was a Scotchman, who, having made his fortune in the city of Cork, emigrated to France, Bettling at Blois, where be married s lady of aristocratic family. The mother died young, the girls were educated in a convent, the three senior married well, tbe youngest — Denise— met her husband first in 1S69 at Versailles ; they were married, she being nineteen, and he twenty-three years of age. A son was the issue of the marriage. She was small, dumpy perhaps, judging from her photograph, at tractive, intelligent, and clever, as all French women are. Her fortune was 75,O0Of ; her husband's enabled them to hare a joint in come of 10,000f a year. They were to live in the country, at her father-in-law's, where she was welcomed as a pet Her ambition was to live in Paris. She was a prey to a mania ' to appear in society.' Her husband knew no thing of a city life, and having no occupation, quickly fell into tbe vices of the capital. Pending the war, the Countess lived at Geneva, while the husband joined the Mobiles as a captain. After the peace, she was de livered of her only child, and subsequently came to Paris for medical advice, where ehe remained. They were an ill-matched couple, ehe was flighty, and she was empty- headed.. In the Parisian ball-rooms, she quickly saw the difference between her husband and other men. Worse — ehe expressed her opinion. Sbe met Count Precorbin at a mutual friend's, and made an assignation with him for next day, calling for him at his office, a clerkship in tbe Town Council. Their criminal love lasted for about three weeks. The husband suspected, gave full opportunity to his wife ; they took tbeir meals in common, but slept at different hotels; be feigned to go to the country on the 21s* April last ; the wife's confidence was thns deceived ; she wrote to Precorbin to meet her, and they went to their usual trysting place, an attic in the Hue des £coles. The husband had paid spies ; he fol lowed his wife, traced her to the attic, induced her to open the door, as be ' had a telegram that their child was dying ;' the paramour fied by tbe roof ; the wife opened tbe door in a state of d&Jtnbille; ; sbe begged her husband not to call the police ; he struck her with his clenched fist, stabbed her with bis cane sword, and when it broke, opened a clasp knife. Of the fifteen wounds she received, any one was mortal. Three days later she died. The Code excuses a husband for kill ing his wife, if he discovers her in adultery in nis nouse. nere toe case is ainerent, uui will hardly affect the decision of the jury — nominal guilt The husband was outraged, but we would like to have seen less premedi tated preparations for revenge. As for the cowardly paramour, contempt is bis beet punishment, altbongh his mother appeals on behalf of 'her boy' in the journals. The Court was crowded with ladies, all young, eagerly drinking in the incidents of the tragic romance. Marshal Vaillant has been interred at Dijon, between his wife and stepson ; the photograph of his favourite dog being enclosed in the tomb. The Protestant, or rather Calrioist Synod, is dow holding its sittings as usual The body is divided, as to an uniform confession of faith asd submission to a controlling cen tral power. St Switbin is the patron eaint of umbrella makers, and is prospering hi* followers. St Pelagie presides orer journalists — in tbe prison rM**^ after him, and where the wicked are sent who cry Vive F Empire! as formerly when they wrote Vixela Eipublique ! 