CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. Second Day: Tuesday, may 7. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Lord Bishop at 3 o'clock. VENTILATION. Notice of motion was given by Mr Ewbank - 'That before this Synod is called together again it is desirable that the room in which they meet be better ventilated.' ENDOWMENT. Mr Colley asked whether any report had been laid before Synod by the Endowmen Society. Mr G. W. Hawkes replied that the accounts had been audited, and the securities looked into. He regretted that a financial statement had not been published. He was, however, safe in stating that there was £800 this year ready to be handed over at any time it should be applied for. On Mr N. Blyth ob- jecting to any statement except in writing, notice of motion was given by Mr. Colley, seconded by Mr. Thrupp— 'That in the opinion of this Synod an account should be laid before Synod by the Church of England Endowment Society annually, and that this resolution be communicated to the Society.' DISCIPLINE. The Archdeacon gave notice of motion :— ' That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration that portion of the Lord Bishop's address on the state of the Diocese respecting discipline, the removal of clergymen, and ex- changes of incumbency, and report thereon to the next Synod through the Standing Com- mtttee.' UNITED PRAYER. The Orders of the Day were now proceeded with, and the Bishop called attention to ' the week of prayer proposed by the Hon. A. Kinnaird, with the approval of M. Merle D'Aubigné, for the reformed churches and missions.' He felt sure that this effort for united prayer all over the world coincided with the desire for unity which had of late been shown, and that the feelings of the Church here would gladly respond to it. The action displayed so much of a spirit of piety, and humble dependence on Almighty God, that he put the proposal with pleasure before Synod, and did not doubt of its meeting with a favourable reception. He forebore to at length contrast the two letters, one of which was narrow and confined, while the other was broad and catholic, and in the spirit of this latter he felt hopeful that they would be pre- pared to join in the prayer. He had therefore drawn up for the guidance of the Church here the following topics for united prayer, which was proposed for Whit Sunday, May 19, and the octave following :— 1\. That the Evangelical doctrines of salvation — our fallen state, faith in the atonement of the Cross, justification, and sanctification — may through the grace of the Holy Ghost become more living and effectual in all who profess and call themselves Christians. 2. That the personal communion of each of us with Christ may be true, so that each may be able to say with St. Paul, 'Christ dwelleth in me.' 3. That the Great Head of the Church may cleanse it from unbelief, Rationalism, and false doctrine in all its branches. 4. That in those countries, heathen or others, where the written Word of God is kept back or unknown, it may have free course, to the overthrow of ignorance and priest- craft, idolatry, and superstition. 5. That God in His infinite mercy may restore to all Christendom, Greek, Roman and Reformed, liberty, truth, and love, that all maybe 'one fold under one shepherd.' 'If ye ask any thing in my name I will do it.' In drawing up this summary of topics the Bishop had, he said, endeavoured to convey the spirit of all that was desired by Mr. Kinnaird and M. D'Aubigné, while he had carefully omitted everything which might irritate or disturb. He trusted that Synod and the Church generally would agree with him, and make these the subjects of private devotion; and he meanwhile would draw up a suitable form of public prayer. Canon Dove desired to be informed who this Monsieur Merle D'Aubigné was. For himself, he felt a horror of him, and wished the Bishop to put the subject as a motion of his own; he ad nothing to do with M. D'Aubigné. Mr. N. Blyth was willing to move a substan- tive resolution in the Bishop's own words. The motion might possibly come better from a layman, and he would follow and acquiesce with thankfulness and sympathy in His Lord- ship's suggestion that they should set apart a special season for general prayer for the whole Church of Christ. He did not give up his individual judgment, but felt there was cause for thankfulness in having such a resolution conveyed in words of such wide and catholic love to all Christians— words which breathed the spirit, and might justly be compared with some of the language of their own beautiful Book of Prayer— words which put to shame some of those who held this book in their hands, and which administered a grave rebuke to their sad sectarianism and bitter narrowness of spirit. Canon Dove would be happy to second the Bishop's motion. He was only angry that the Church of Rome should have been singled out in the suggestions of the letter, which seemed very much as if the words were, ' I thank Thee, O God, that I am not as other men.' Dean Russell was happy to support the Bishop. He thought Mr. Dove was labouring under a mistake. A somewhat narrow view had been expressed by Mr. Kinnaird, and in the latter prayer of the two M. D'Aubigné had expanded this. He felt sure that Mr. Dove would unite in this. The Rev. S. Green would propose an amendment. To him no subject was dearer than the unity of Christendom, and Mr. Blyth had proved, from the way in which he had spoken of the prayers of their own Church, that special prayer was needless. The gentlemen who had proposed this prayer seemed not to know that in the daily prayers the Church supplicated for all these objects. At the very season of Whit Sunday, when this united prayer was proposed to be offered, they prayed for 'right judgment in all things.' On Good Friday they prayed for Jews, Turks, and Infidels, &c.; They already prayed for every part of the objects proposed. Therefore he moved—' That special prayer is unnecessary.' The Rev. W. Scott seconded the amendment. The Bishop put the motion— 'That this Synod agree to the proposition made by the Lord Bishop to unite in prayer for the whale Church of Christ at the ensuing season of Whit- suntide.' The Rev. J. A. Boake called for a vote by orders on Mr. Green's amendment, which was worded as follows: — 'That inasmuch as the Church of England does already in its daily services pray (for the good estate of the Catholic Church, and that all who profess and call themselves Christians may be led into the way of truth, and hold the faith in unity of spirit, in the bond of peace, and in righteousness of life,' a week of special prayer is unnecessary, and that this Synod urges the clergy and laity to unite in prayer daily throughout the year.' In favour of the amendment there voted the Revs. Green, Hawkins, Morse, Webb, Jenkins, Howitt, H. M. Pollitt, Boake, Scott, and Honner. Against it there voted of the clergy the Arch- deacon, Dean Russell, Canons Fair, Dove, and Coombs, the Revs. Poole, Houghton, Donaldson, Miller, Ewbank, Field, Clayfield, J. Pollitt, and H. Read. Of the laity three voted for the amendment and 25 against it. The amendment being thus lost, the original motion was carriod. The Bishop's suggested topics of prayer were considered seriatim in detail, and accepted. CONFERENCE. The Bishop now proceeded to call atten- tion to the Conference in Sydney. Subjects to be considered— Court of Appeal and the status of colonially-ordained clergy as to the Established Church of England.' With refe- rence to this, His Lordship proposed, and Canon Farr seconded—'That this Synod do accept the invitation of the Metropolitan to send representa- tives of the laity and clergy to take part in the Conference to be held in Sydney in September, with reference to forming a Provincial Synod of the several Australian Dioceses.' His LORDSHlP reminded Synod how in 1871 Archdeacon Marryat and Canon Farr were selected to repre- the clergy, and Messrs. Thrupp and Colley the laity. Among the subjects for the Con- ference would be: - 1. That the Clergy should have a Consensual Court of Appeal to a higher tribunal ; 2. The constitution of our own Metropolitan Court; and, 3. To preserve union with England and Ireland, what should be the relation of the Metropolitan to the Primate of Canterbury so as to keep up organic unity. He desired to send an answer if they accepted the proposal to have a general synod or Conference. The motion was seconded by Canon Farr, was put, and carried. MARRIAGE. In the absence of the Hon. A. Blyth, Mr. SCOTT asked, 'Whether any instructions have been issued to the clergy in reference to the marriage of a man with the sister or the daughter of the sister of his deceased wife; and if so, will His Lordship lay such instructions before Synod.' The Bishop replied that this year he had not issued any instruction. A year ago he stated his opinion that the lex loci did not supersede the obligations of ordination; that no clergyman could be compelled to perform such a marriage; and, in faro conscientiae, he did not think they ought to do it. UNION WITH SYNOD. In accordance with notice, the Rev. A. HONNER called attention to the report of the Section Committee with regard to St. Martin's Church, Campbelltown, and expressed his dis- satisfaction that this Church had not been admitted to union with Synod. Mr. Thrupp, the Secretary, and others explained that there had been no neglect. The Committee had found it impossible, in accordance with the rules of Synod, to admit this Church in the pre- sent state of its trust-deed, which they had not left themselves time to modify. They regretted much that for this session they had lost the presence of Mr. Downer. MELANESIA. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, according to notice, moved—' That this Synod, sympathizing with the conductors of the Melanesian Mission in the heavy trials through which they have recently passed, earnestly recommend tne members of the Church in this Diocese to give their best aid to the efforts being made to provide a new mission ship.' He felt that no appeal was needed. Their sympathies had long been given to this mission, and were now especially required in the almost irreparable loss sustained in the death of the late Bishop Patteson. Special efforts were being made at home, £3,000 had been already raised for a Church on Norfolk Island and the purchase of a new ship. He hoped the Church would liberally assist these noble mission works. With respect to the notice ' That a letter of condolence be addressed to the representatives of the Melanesian Mission,' Canon Farr explained that he wished to make an addition and correction to the letter already written but not yet sent. Mr. Atkin's name had been wrongly spelt, and that of the native Catechist omitted. His Lordship spoke of Bishop Patteson's great success at the very time when he was cut off, he having within four months admitted about 300 converts to baptism, which fact spoke of a great work. Mr. Cod- migton had been spoken of as likely to succeed Bishop Patteson. The motions combined were carried unanimously. LAY READERS. TheRer. W. Scott proposed, the Rev. H. J. Poole seconded — ' That in the opinion of Synod lay readers should be restricted in the perform- ance of their duties to the districts for which they are licensed; or, in the case of their being under a clergyman licensed to two or more districts, then the lay reader shall be restricted to such two or more districts.' The Bishop explained that as an act of courtesy and disci- pline, when the services of a lay reader were required in any place other than that for which he held a licence, the circumstance should be mentioned to the Bishop, as the licence was not intended to be a roving commission. The pro- position was not formally put. Synod then adjourned till 3 p.m. next day. Thibd Day : Wednesday, May 8. The meeting was opened by the Lord Bishop with prayer at 3 o'clock. ENDOWMENT. Mr. Wicksteed, the Secretary, read a letter from Mr. N. Oldham with reference to the statement of accounts of the Church of England Endowment Society, which he enclosed. Ordered to be printed. CLERICAL EXCHANGES. Mt.Bosworth gaveNotice of Motion:—"That this Synod is of opinion that the whole of the clergy in this diocese should at stated periods, of two consecutive Sundays each, twice in the year, and at distinct parishes, exchange divine services throughout the diocese till every Church has been visited by each of the clergy, with a view of the Church as a whole becoming better acquainted with its ministers, and thereby strengthening the unity of the same.: DISCIPLINE. The first Order of the DaY was the motion of Archdeacon Marryat— 'That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration that por- tion of His Lordship's address respecting dis- cipline, the removal of clergymen, and exchange of incumbency, and report thereon to the next Synod through the Standing Committee.' The mover read an important quotation from His Lordship's Charge on these subjects, which, he remarked, were of a difficult and delicate nature, and though he had not yet formed any fixed views he thought the subjects should be referred to a Committee. Viewing the questions from a clerical point of view, the clergy would be jealous of accepting any appointment which was not for life, and would consider it hard to be liable to be removed at the end of three or five years, perhaps in conse- quence of some slight quarrel. Looking at it in the people's point of view, sometimes provocation might arise which would de- stroy union and hinder edification. In such a case exchange might well be effected, and a clergyman who found his work a comparative failure in one place might prosper in another, or there might be annoyances in one locality which would have no existence elsewhere. Still, the question of the removal of a clergyman presented many difficulties. There was fear of interfering with the Bishop's prero- gative, and of opening the door to frivolous charges— "I do not like thee, Dr. Fell, The reason why I cannot tell ; But this I do know very well, I do not like thee, Dr. Fell.' There was not much analogy between this case and that of a Court Martial, for a code of honour suitable for a body of officers might be inapplicable to the clergy. The Bishop of Melbourne had asked his clergy if any wished to exchange to give notice to that effect all at one time of the year. If a minister took charge of a missionary station, say for three years, the place might in that time have so grown into a settled church district that there would be a hardship in being called to leave. Seeing that the questions presented these difficulties, he asked for a Committee of seven in order to give variety of opinion. Mr. R. B. Colley, in seconding, said he was not capable of going into the questions fully, but he felt convinced that good must come of an enquiry, and wished the Committee to attend to that other im portant subject alluded to by the Bishop — a Superannuation Fund. The Arch deacon was willing to include this. The Bishop thought the Archdeacon had put the matter very fairly. The existence of all $hese difficulties he knew well, and from experience had learnt that frivolous charges did arise some times, and a line of conduct was adopted which rendered the ministry of some ineffectual He occasionally had received memorials from persons whonvhe respected, but had no means of hearing both sides, and so formjn? a conclusion. Ho often, therefore, could d6 ho more than urge them to keep the peace, if possible. If they were to adopt . something of the Wesleyan method of changes every three years, that would at least be a way of escape from having the square man in the round hole. By their fundamental regulations definite charges must be made. People hesitated to make them, so the grievances went on till stagnant waters bred malaria, the action of the Church was impeded, and the atmosphere became poisoned. He wished to have wise counsel for some mode of arbitration by whict a matter could be enquired into privately wher offence had arisen. : To move the clergy aboul every three years would not be advisable. Foi instance, he would quote Canon Coombs re maining with profit and attachment 25 years ir Gawler; and the late Dean Farrell, who coulc look at his congregation and say, 'Hal of you I have married, and half of yoi I have christened;' thus, a father to th- elder, and a grandfather, as it were, to th- young, he united the weight of age ant character. . ,God forbid that we should losi this power. He well knew the difficulty, anc should rejoice to see such a Committee formed. The Committee, chosen by ballot, consisted of the Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, Dean Russell, Canon Farr, Messrs. N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, and L. W. Thrupp. REPRESENTATIVES TO SYDNEY CONFERENCE. The Rev. S. Green moved— 'That this Synod elect by ballot represen tatives to attend the Conference at Sydney in September next, and that a Committee be appointed to consider what powers shall be granted to them ; such Committee to report to the Standing Committee.' The Bishop re minded Synod how last year they chose two clerical and two lay representatives, but now the Metropolitan seemed to ask for only one representative. It was a Conference, and the diocese would probably be only repre sented by one vote. If more than two went no doubt they would meet with all kindness; it was only a question of expense. Dean Russell suggested that four might be named, and if only two were wanted the highest in number of votes might go. The Rev. Mr. Boake remarked that men of the beet ability should be selected, as the questions likely to arise were difficult and complicated. Though the votes of the diocese might only reckon as one, yet in the multitude of counsellors there was safety. As to requisite expense, they should tax themselves with it. Canon Farr said last year they paid him the compliment to choose him as one; he found it would be impossible to go himself, but he was willing to help those who should go. Mr. L. W. THRUPPconsideredituselessto give the representatives instructions beforehand. They had no idea what questions would arise, and those they provided for might never come forward. They should not tie down the delegates' hands, but empower them to deal with what difficulties arose, reserving to Synod the power of ratifica tion. To do otherwise would be to act in the dark on what would be done afterwards in Sydney. They should reserve the power to confirm or refuse to sanction what the representatives did. He trusted Mr. Green would accept this as an amendment. The Bishop reminded them that similar to this was thepower of the'Crown— that of only disallow ing. Tne Rev. S. Green consented to amend his motion as follows;— 'That this Synod elect by ballot four representatives, two clergy and two laymen, to attend the Conference at Sydney in September next, or whenever summoned. ' Mr. J. A. Fergusbon suggested that the clergy should choose their representatives and the laity theirs. Such choice might be for final adoption referred to Synod. Canon Farr opposed this as unconstitutional It was far easier to appoint than to negative; and there was no such thing as balloting by orders. Of those nominated they should take the two that stood the highest in votes. If any of these were unable to go, let them have a call of Synod to fill the vacancy. The Rev. S. Green moved the second part of his proposition — 'That the representatives of this diocese be empowered to act in conformity with the report of General Synod Committee adopted by this Synod in May, 1869, and to act in such other matters as may be brought before such Confe rence or Synod, though not specified therein, subject only to the right of disallowance specified in minute 3 of clause 5, contained in the proceedings of Metropolitan and Bishops in Conference, 1868.' Mr.' Thrupp seconded, and. the motion was passed. Canon Fabb and Mr. N. Blyth having declined to be put in nomination, the following were named:— Messrs. L. W. Thrupp, R. B. Colley, G. W. Hawkes, A. Blyth, Archdeacon Marryat, Dean Russell, Canon Coombs, and Rev. S. Green. Those duly elected by ballot were: — Messrs. Thrupp aid Culley, Archdeacon marryar, ana x/ean j&usseu.; EXCHANGES. Mr. Boswobth now moved the resolutiom of which he had given notice as to exchange of clergy. Mr. Catchlovb seconded. The sub ject underwent a long discussion more amusing than profitable, and finally Mr. Bosworth sub stituted the following resolution, which was passed unanimously — ' That it is desirable that there should be a greater interchange of Sunday duties among the clergy than at present exists, and that this Synod requests the Lord Bishop with the Standing Committee to take the matter into consideration, in order to give it effect by procuring funds, and that regard be had especially to the Churches more distant from Adelaide.' This concluded the business, and the Bishop feelingly expressed bis sense of thankfulness that he had once more seen the Synod in such harmony and success. He felt that much good had been done for the Church's welfare, and in a spirit and manner which did honour to then: heads and hearts. This eighteenth session was thus happily closed, and he rejoiced te see the Church provided with such an organic institution. He prayed that God's blessing might rest upon the members, their families, and congregations; and if they would join in the approaching Whitsuntide with true catholic spirit in the united prayer, public and private, he doubted not it would generate much love, a&d; help them with the prevailing force of a mighty army. Praying with one accord for one object— the extension of the Redeemer's kingdom— would sustain them in their walk of duty and the battles of their daily life. His Lordship closed the session with the benediction. 