Facts and Fancies. HOW "FRITZ" CONQUERED ENGLAND. C.G.B. SAT together deep in council Prussia's strenght and brala Our Frits " and grand old Moltke— Our IWtj - and grand old Moltks— VbU of grief aud pain. Bead of batttM fought at Dorldagl— *.v2«%? T Ch"»*» Fleets » *■£.•*• V?hy thu miMUef-worUax. way these boatting feats f •« Conquer them we will." said Wtmsnw " Fill their mouths with sand P ~~' And forthwith all faces grew In the German land. Meanwhile in tbe tidy island • People Uved as gay ; And while here they lit the arsbraai. They went to the play. Stan and jewels, youth and beauty Shone on every aide; Only 'esath a crown and gold V, was there any void. And then, on a sadden, all there Heard a voice to say (Thunderstruck with Joy they all wars), . This: " Her Majesty P To describe that scene, this little Dtttv not admits— Bat, Who is t Who brought her hither! Why. of course, " Oar Frits P Then renewed was the shouting. Thundering from all parts: " Knglaud's Queen you have been routiaf; M Conquered English hearts P Aad be of sedan, Sadowa, Weiaeenbourg and Wurt(h) OoJv soiled, which seemed to say i ME»! Any feelings hurt T ** Why should there be strife bstwssa as t Blood relations, too! Bagush Is my wife. Our fathers Fought at Waterloo 1" Aad they pressed him to partake of Verv grand a tea. * Thamks," he said; - for I this stwalng Leave for Germany!" Oxford Downs, December 2. BsUESTEABB would never have sawed;.. "What's in an aim P" if he had been hit on ths head with a brick. Why is a soldier who attempts to bayonet S ghost an unprincipled fellow ?—Because he' sticks at nothing. Deae Swift said : " It is with narrow-soalsd Cple as it is with narrow-necked bottles i ths they have in tbem, the more noise the] make in pouring it out." A Bad Cbop.—An American farmer, ipeakiag of the thinness of the bay crop, said, " Ths grasshoppers have all got lame, trying to jump from one blade of grass to another." A OBHTLXMAV, trying to describe to a friend the manner in whioh his fiance's's hair was ar ranged, said it was frizzled in front, and fricasseed and scrambled at the back." Doubtful Ihvbsthbvt.—ln Chicago etas can thrash his mother-in law, under a recent deoisJon, for 75 dollars, but the Republican says it ia an open question as to whether the investment pays. Bathbb Deae—He was evidently not beyond the reach of consolation, the widower who replied to a sympathising visitor at the funeral of his wife, " Well, yes, sir, I shall Baits her • she was a very expensive woman." A TOOL, says Colonel Yule, in his lecture pa the mule, is as difficult to he governed as s mule; and the couplet is strictly true, tamt° says- Wise men atone, who long for onlet lives,. Wise men alone are govem'd by their wires. Exoßaeobs. — Squabbles, an old bachelor, shows his stockings which be had just darned, to a maiden lady, who contemptuously remarka, " pretty good for a man-darner." Whsreupoß Squabbles rejoins, "Yes, good enough for a woman, darn her." Tbbtotausic—Miss Martineau relates sa anecdote, in her " Western Travels," of a clergyman who was so strict a temperance member that he refused to drink water out of the Brandywine river, bnt he enjoyed the wine sauce eaten with plum pudding. A tailob, while travelling on tbe Lakes, was asked by a Yankee where he lived? and what his business was, Ac, to which he replied that he lived in Toledo, and that his profession was sitting on thee smooth side of poverty, and jerking out the cords of affliction. A Novel Ibba.-— An intoxicated man saw two railway ears passing him the other evening with red and blue lights in the front and rear* His fuddled brain comprehended colored lights, and he was beard to say to himself, " Must be pretty sick—sickly here; they are running chemists' shops about on who—wheels!" A JtntY in North Carolina, after being charged in the usual way by the judge, retired to their room, when a white juror ventured' to ask a colored associate if he understood the charge of the judge. " Golly I" exclaimed the astonished juror, *i he don't charge us nuffin for dat, does he? "Why I thought we were gwine to git pay!" ♦ Fashioeable Fabb.—A stranger dined at a fashionable hotel, where they had apple dump lings, with sauce " both " for dinner. He got through with the sauoo, when mine host kindly inquired," Will you take some more dumplings, sir ?" " No, sir, tbank'ee," was the reply, " bat I will thank yon for a little more of the 'int ment!" A VBBT curious mode of trying the title to land is practised in Hindostan. Two holes an dug in tbe disputed spot, in each of which the plaintiff's and cefendant's lawyer put one of their legs, and remain there until one of them is tired, in whioh case hi* client is defeated. Ia this country it is tbe client, and not the lawyer* who puis his foot in it. Specie abb Spicks.—" I fear," said a coun try minister to his flook, " when I explained to yon in my last charity sermon that philanthropy waa the love of our species, you must here understood me to say ' speoie,' whioh may ac count for tbe smallness of the collection. You will prove, I hope, by your present contribution, that you are no longer laboring under the sanse) mistake." Tbe Rochester Democrat is slightly ssxeaetie on a railway line in that vicinity. It says that a gentleman took the train, some days sums, on what is termed the " if uokleberry Road," rui ning between Avon and Mount Morris. After the train started from Avon, he discovered that he had left a valuable dog behind, but on arriv ing at Mount Morris, the lost dog was found sitting at the station, awaiting tbe arrival of his master. How to Kiss.—An American poet writes t " Kissing don't hurt % and it don't require aa ' indenture' to make it legal. Don't jab down on a beautiful mouth as it* spearing frogs 1 Do not muss her hair, soratch down her collar, bits her cheek, squizzle her rioh ribbons, and leave) her mussed, rumpled, and flummuxsd ! Don't grab and yank the lady as if she were a strug gling colt r But Take her up tenderly, Hold her with care ; Softly Up bar white forehead. Beneath her fair hair. A Lake ot a Wivb —A toy seller, who had recently taken to himself a wife, was exceed ingly tender to her in epithet t his frequent address was, "My lamb." Oue day a little dirty- faced boy asked for a toy, and the busy toy-seller said, " My lamb, servs that boy, please." The boy was served and went away, but soon returned to have his toy changed. Tbe toy-seller doubted whether it had been I bought at his shop, and said—" Who served thee?" The lad replied, "It wort' lam', sir." Tho toy- seller blushed, exchanged the toy, and I for the future addressed his wife as if she were a rational creature. | JOSH Bilubcm says: "I am rather favorably impressed with gin and niilk, as un extrakt, and I think a minister ov the gospel mite contend with sum ov it, on the sli, successfully j but when he cums to recommend it to hit people, i hay my doubts about it, unless lie knows bis people better than i do." Moreorer, that " there are people who don't do any tiling but watch their i simptoms. 1 have seen dogs akt just as sensible —I have seen a rat tarrier watch the simptoms ov a knot hole in a board fence all day for some rat tew come out, but no rut didn't cum out." Also, that " it is our duty tew pray for them who revile and persekute us, but 1 don't kno az we are obliged tew let tbem kuo it." Likewise, that it ia hard to quit play while we are winning. It is just se in morals; men seldom undertake to git religion az long as tbe- kan git ennything else." And, in conclusion, " the highest rate ov interest that we pay is on borrowed trouble things that are always a-going to happen never do happen. Face all things 1 even adversity is polite tew a man's foes." 