THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. PUBLISHED DAILY PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, AUG. 27, 1872. THE MURDERS ON BOARD THE CARL. THOSE who were acquainted with Dr. James Patrick Murray during the time that he was in charge of the small-pox patients at the Sandhurst Sanatorium, must have been astounded on reading the evidence given by him in the Sydney Water Police Court, with regard to the murders said to have been committed on board the brig Carl. Not to do Dr. Murray the smallest injustice, we cannot help remarking that, the testimony given by him on that occasion leads to the supposition that he stood in the witness-box in the position of what is commonly termed "Queen's evidence." He admits that he owned the Carl, that she was chartered for the labor trade, and that, the labor was to be collected on his account. He states that, having proceeded in this vessel of his own, which was trading for his own benefit, from Melbourne to the South Seas, he formed one of a party in a boat be- longing to the brig, which was en- gaged in a fight with some of the natives of the Island of Malakolo; that they (the boat's crew) fired upon them, and took twelve or thirteen of them prisoners, and conveyed them to the Carl, and that they placed them in the hold. This is ad- mission the first as to the manner which "labor was collected" on account of Dr. James Patrick Murray. He states that the natives began the fray by firing at the boat with arrows, which may be true for all that we can say to the contrary, though the subse- quent statement seems a little extraordinary, that the men offered no resistance to their capture. Well, as soon as they had been safely secured, the brig sailed away for the Solomon Group. Here, the natives of the island of Santa Anna came alongside the vessel in their canoes for the purpose of barter, and some of them trusted themselves on board. When the canoes were "close alongside," heavy pig iron was dropped into them for the purpose of sinking them, and as might have been expected, that re- sult was obtained very effectually. This cruel, wilful, and premeditated act of treachery was perpetrated for the benefit and account of Dr. James Patrick Murray, the owner of the "labor-collecting" brig Carl—perpetrated, too, under the eyes, and for anything he has stated to the contrary, with the full consent and concurrence of that gentleman, by the men in his employment. "About twelve or thirteen natives," he says, were picked up in this way. These also were placed in the hold. Then the brig sailed away for another island, where the too-confiding natives also came out iu their canoes to trade as before, and they were upset, in the same manner as the others were upset, and ten head were added to the "labor collection" in the hold of the Carl. None of these things, according to Dr. Murray, were done by himself; they wore all done by the captain and crew of the Carl, over whom, as the owner of the vessel, and as the person for whose com- mercial advantage the labor was being col- lected, it is fair to presume he had supreme control. Having got together between thirty and forty prisoners, who were very quiet, the Carl, in an unlucky hour for the speculative Dr. Murray, bore away for the Island of Bougainville, the natives of which are war- like, "picking up" on the way a few hands at the Florida Group. At Bougainville, by virtue of treachery and pig iron, eighty men were obtained. When the pig-ironing was going on, Dr. Murray closed his eyes, his sympathies being touched, probably, and he saw nothing of the process, though he heard the smashing of the canoes. On the face of this statement, he undertakes to say that "care was taken that none of the natives were hurt." Dr. Murray's evidence on this point is manifestly worthless. These Bougain- ville men, it appears, "resisted very much," and not liking their confinement in the hold, they "battered at the main hatch with poles," and otherwise conducted themselves to the dissatisfaction of Captain Armstrong, fighting the natives from the other islands, and committing mischiefs not at all desirable among men collected for labor purposes. After carrying on in this manner for about a quarter of an hour, they were fired upon. "Everybody fired." "Everybody," says Dr. Murray, "except the captain, who, he believes, was at the wheel." Of course every- body includes the owner of the vessel. The firing was carried ou at intervals throughout the night, and in the morning the killed and wounded were brought on deck. They numbered about seventy altogether, leaving ten only of the Bougainville men uninjured. Dead and wounded were all thrown over- board. It was the best, and only thing indeed, that could be done with the dead after the massacre; but what shall be said to this manner of disposing of the wounded! Dr. Murray, who was so distressed at the smashing of the canoes that he could not trust himself to look overboard at the piteous sight, seems never, as a medical man, to have thought of examining these poor creatures, to see if anything could be done for them. Probably, as a speculation in labor, he thought their cure would cost too much, and as their com- mercial value was destroyed by the butchery to which they had been sub- jected, that the best thing to be done with them was to commit them to the deep. Let us be just to him, however. He did beg for their lives, he says, and suggested that they should be landed on a neighbouring island; but Dr. Murray's men were unruly and stubborn men, and so to the deep the wounded natives were committed. Twenty were thus thrown overboard while they were still alive, and the owner of the vessel and sole proprietor of these unfortunate captives, instead of taking his revolver, which he appears to have very readily used on the imprisoned wretches during the night, and insisting on their lives being spared, "went forward, that he might not see it done"—the act, truly, of a brave and humane-hearted man! Let it never be forgotten—as it can never be forgotten by Dr. Murray himself —that "this labor venture was his own;" and, further, that the men who were deaf to his suggestions to spare the lives of the wounded, were a thoroughly obedient crew. Dr. Murray "never knew an instance of disobedience on their part to the captain's demands." Dr. Murray, in an affray with the natives, was wounded in the arm by an arrow, and became delirious. We believe he was delirious once in the neighbourhood of Cooper's Creek, but the poison absorbed on that occasion by Dr. Murray had not been distilled for the purpose of tipping arrows. Mr. W. F. Barnett, now living in Sandhurst, an eye- witness, will remem- ber the circumstances. But, to the matter in hand. After the revelations made by Dr. Murray, is Captain Armstrong to take his trial for the murder of the seventy Bougain- ville men alone! ELECTORAL RIGHTS. -We understand from the electoral registrar that the public are extremely apathetic in taking out or renewing their electoral rights. As Monday next will be the last day, according to the act, on which electoral rights can be taken out, the registrar for the Sandhurst and Spring Creek Divisions (Mr. Buchan, Temperance Hall) has kindly consented to keep his office open every evening this week from six o'clock to half past seven, or later, if required. With regard to the Long Gully Division, it may he stated that Mr. Pentreath, the registrar for that division, will also offer the same finalities for securing the electoral privileges. HALLAS'S CITY BAND will perform a choice selec- tion of operatic and dance music, in the Camp Reserve, this (Tuesday) evening, commencing at seven o'clock sharp. ST. PETER'S CHURCH, EAGLEHAWK.—The anni- versary tea meeting, in connection with St. Peter's Church, Eaglehawk, is to take place on Monday, 2nd November, in the Eaglehawk Town Hall. The Bishop of Melbourne, amongst other prominent gentlemen, will address the meeting. ENTERTAINMENT AT MARONG.—Our correspon- dent writes:— On Tuesday and Wednesday last the people of this neighbourhood were highly enter- tained by a second visit from the electro-biologist Professor Leslie, who was accompanied—as on a previous occasion—by the æronaut Mr. Gale. In the course of his lectures much information was gleaned by an attentive audience, and it became evident that, he had made mesmerism and phreno- logy his study for years. Out of a dozen men and boys who came forward, at his request, upon these two occasions, he soon succeeded in placing four —two men and two little boys—under his influence, With these he did exactly as he pleased; they had no volition of their own, but were like so many automatons, becoming anything—from kangaroo to old women; doing anything—from singing, dancing, laughing and crying; to going up in a balloon or starting for the Roper. One pleasing feature of the amusement was the tender manner in which the talented professor handles his subjects, especially the youngsters. In the course of the evening he examined several of their craniums, and many persons present testified as to the correct- ness of his phrenological deductions on the heads of their friends. Mr. Gale exhibited his pleasing and laughable dioramic views, and was accom- panied by some suitable and really good tenor sing- ing by his friend Mr. Leslie. A balloon was sent up on Tuesday night, and altogether, both young and old enjoyed themselves immensely. THE MARONGSHIRE BAND.—At a meeting of honorary members of the Marongshire Band, held at Gunn's Glasgow Arms Motel, last night (Mr. W. Rogers in the chair), it was resolved that a concert, under the patronage of the president and members of the Marongshire Council, should take place on or about the 17th of September, in the Oddfellows' Hall, Kangaroo Flat, in aid of the above. A strong committee was formed, consisting of the influential business men of the flat for that purpose, and Mr. Wm. Rogers and Mr. Thompson More were appointed to solicit volunteer amateurs. Mr. H. Janssens was appointed hon. sec., and Mr. Jas. Stevenson treasurer. AMATEUR CONCERT.—A concert is to be given this evening, at Kangaroo Flat, in aid of the widow of Wm. Farman. Amongst the vocalists will be Mesdames Betham, Whittenburg, Sinclair, Tat- tersall, and Misses Norris and Wilkinson, and a local song will be sung having reference to Bendigo celebrities. Mr. Towle is to conduct on the occasion. ATHLETIC SPORTS.—We hear that it is the inten- tion of the Bendigo United Cricket Club to hold an afternoon's sport on the Cricket Ground, on Wed- nesday, 11th September, and that an attractive programme will he prepared, including handicap footraces, and prizes are also to be given for a drop and place kick of the football. Tin: Wkatiikk.-After a pleasant time of fmo weather rain has a rain set in. Yesterday it- rained mo.it of the day* hat not heavily, and tho evening was showery. The thermometer registered at Messrs. Joseph and Ct/s.. Pall Mall, as follows; - H a.m.. I'V*; noon. oO1; 3 p.m., -IS"; ti p.m., -bV, maximum, minimum the previous night, 3S°, H.irometor- a.m., 'JS.GIO*, 0 p.m., 28.»KK). Mi:r;rtN'i.\s Tilts Dav.--Kclipsc, A\r. Barker's, o; t.kmtral P>and of Hope Tribute, TompsitVs, 7. Tiik LONDON* an*h Victouiax ExunuTtox.-A deputation of the Commissioners for Victoria at the London InUneolonial Exhibition will bo present at the Town Hall on iMoudav, 2nd Septemhet\ at noon, for the purpose of a/fording information to intending exhibitors. *1 UK Thhatkk UoYAb.-The highly sensational and pathetic drama of " Lost in London" was i epeated at the Theatre Uoval last evening, Tho story of Die drama is that of a beautiful orphan girl e-ommitte I by her dying parent to the care of a coal miner* who cheerfully aoeepis tho charge, aud eventually marries the £trl and is completely happy. lie proved as kind aud loving a husband as could he, but he was much older than his wife, who had a lively imagination, and when a polished London gentleman camc down to tho mines on bwniK'ssh^ became acquainted with her, and his lively descriptions of life in Loudon so dazzled her that ?ihe consented to run away with him. Her hush-ind is nearly driven distracted, and liu vows to lind her and tie revenged on her seducer. After six months wandering, he is passing through the streets of I^mdon, and sees her shadow against the window of a tine mansion, where music and dancing are going on. He enters and cnouuntera the seducer of his wife, who orders him out, and in the scutlb) the guests rush in. The wife and husband meet, ami she becomes delirious and is Conveyed to the humble home of a companion, where she is ill for a month, and during which time her husband labors for her. .She feels sho is dying, and one nsght unexpectedly comes before her husband and tells him-that she lias erred, but still loves him, and then they part never to meet more-he bias ing her. ISnta Jetter which lie pioks np on the ti »or, and which had been brought in by » lover of the wife's friend, contains an announcement to the wife that her seducer Would visit hor that evening. Die injured liusbiml awaits hTs arrival, and challenges him to a duel, which is prevented by the wife rushing in between the com bat u»U, ami then dying repentant. The seducer tells the husband to shoot him, but he deebnes, am. leaves him to the terrors of a guilty conscience, ami the sjene closrs. Mrs. West enacted tho part of -;he wife Xt'Iln, and 11row into it a large amount of pathos. Miss Ada Hart appeared as Tilt the companion, a rough and ready hut kind-hearted girl. Thechaiacter is a very humorous one, and w=»:; suited in every respect to the performer, who certainly made it very prominent. Mr. West ap peared as Joh Annrowf, the injured husband, and his act ing was excellent, especially in the third act, where he meets tho seducer. Mr. l'isher as Fcdthcv .'.'t'oie, the seducer, acted well lite part, and Mr. Siardey was most humorous us a 41 tiger." while Mr. Montague, as a footman, was very comical. Miss. I'auny Uart.\s Miss l^hvcucc was a lively per formance. The laughable farce of "The Ghost*' concluded the vntertv.umeut, and iu it Sir, Stanley a-> Dickori; created roars of laughter, Sakdhukst Mkchasic.S' Institcts a>*D FIIEE Lihuauv.-The number of vi.sHoru to the public leading room during the week ending 24th August was <330. WAf:nrv\s C\it;«T.-The following cases will be heard to-day: . Plaint 1*2S, Hay Kirkwood v. John M Grath; t -Thomas K^oves v. John Kirkham and others; SS, lUchard Collins v. Charles CrosMe; JOi, George K Iwurd Hope v. The Hustlers's He s^rve Alining Cotupauy. lipase inquiries-George Aspinail (objector Uiohard Bull), William Graham (oijjcctor Anto.no Kampa), H ty Kirkwood, The Great t?omet Ttibuie Company. ^EW IxsOLVEN'T,-William Humphreys, of Sand- | hurst, storekeeper. Causes of insolvency: Having i met with an accidcnt whereby he lost an arm° ? Liabdiucs. S->00 Os. Id; assets, £1^4 12^. 3d. - de- ! tieiency. V21116^. 3d. Attorney: Mr. Welsh; as signee: Mr. Jolm Hasker. First meeting, 2nd September, at 1.30 p.m. I.isoL\ >.. (^J*c-f Clerk in the insolvent estates ot \\\ illiaui M'Geurge, of Irish Town, laborer, il^o d-jibt-i were proved, an-l no cre-libora wtire j rr.scnt* t!ie mcotinj clos-jtl. In William Horny Emmefct, uf Sandhurst, coaclilnulder. Dsbts to the -.imoaut of ^103 ;te. lid. were proved, and the official a^ignec was empowered to realise the estate, ° Tjir. ls'o]tni-EA.ST;:iw Kailway LINE may now lie said to bo fully completed as far as Seymour. Oil Saturday, the strcn-tli of the largo bridge over the Goulbnrn was tested, under the superintendence 1 of Mr. liigiubotlinui, tho engincer-ir.-chief of Hie Victorian Kailway.-», and -Mr. Watson, the rosideut engineer of the North-eastern line. On Thurs day a large number of trucks were despatched to Seymour, where they were loaded with about 300 tona of iron rails. On Saturday the engines left town for the purpose of conveying the trucks across the bridge. This rolling load was pulled over each of the main spans, and afterwards the engines traversed the bridge at the rate of thirty miles an hour. There was no porceptiblc deflectioa, and both trials were looked upon by the officials as perfectly satisfactory. On Friday the liae as far as Seymour will be formally opened. 