THE AUSTRALIAN Coton & (fattfrgiflunwl SYDNEY, SATURDAY, FEB. 3, 1872. Dissolution of Parliament. AFTER tho outburst of apparent enthusi* asm which greeted the announcement of the large majority who voted for the amend ment of Mr. Piddington, ou the motion for the suspension of tho Standing Orders in tho Assembly on "Wednesday night, many were still prepared to doubt that tho Governor would dissolve Parliament without having received the required vote of supply, although tho Premier had dis tinctlyx stated that such would be the case. On Thursday morning, however, the Ministers proceeded by speoiai train to Throsby Park, where his Excellency was staying, and where, we presume, an Executive Council was held, for early in the day telegrams were received in Sydney, announcing that Lord Belmore had. signed the official Procla mation proroguing Parliament until Thurs day the 8th February. Even then doubts were entertained of the legality of the Speaker aoting upon a telegraphic message from the privato secretary, and some, it is said, were desirous that he should take the chair, and enable them to form a House. Mr. Arnold, however, does not appear to have been desirous of accepting so grave a responsibility; but by the time when the usual hour for commencing Parliamentary business had arrived, it was found that the text of tho Proclamation had been received, and printed and ciro ula ted by the Government printer ; and in short that there was no longer any admission to the halls which, but a few hours before, had rung with suoh angry declamations and r triumphant cheers. There was no opportunity now of presenting the address which had been adopted by the Assembly, and no recourse but to await the issuing of the next Proclamation, which will dissolve the House. This may be expected without delay-os soon as the arrangements for thc new elections are completed j and we hope and expect that, under all tho circumstances, all possible expedition will be used ia bringing the new House together. ' The supplies for tho Civil Service voted for January will carry tho payments over to the end of February, by which time, or very shortly afterwards, it would be possible to Bummon the new Parliament, and mako further provision, It may be hoped, therefore, that any serious consequences will be averted ; but, in any case, the attempt to cast odium upon the Governor for such consequences, because he promised his Ministers a dissolution ánd keeps his promise, is most unjust, and merits serious condemnation. These attempts to over awe Governors in the conscientious exer cise of their responsible duties are much to be reprehended. With regard to Lord Belmore, he had sent a message asking for supply; and, as no new or difficult question was involved in that demand af east, admitting the demand for a dissolution which ho had already promised, there was nothing unreasonable in the request to have the Standing Orders suspended, so that the supplies could be voted, and the elections might be proceeded with at once. This, however, was intercepted by the extraordinary Address to which we have before referred, in which members objected to any new elections at all at present, and sought to make a kind of compact with the Governor to rule the country independently of tho advice of his Ministers and the wishes of the people at largo. /Beyond this remarkable request again, there loomed othtr resolutions, binding the House to resist supply unless a certain course perhaps desirable but certainly opposed to the policy on which Ministers desired to appeal to the country, were adopted with reference to the Border duties. Tt is difficult to conceive how his Excellency could follow this leading without dismissing his Ministers in tho first instance. As to tho address, its very adoption was prima facie evidence of unfitness for Legislative functions. The result of his Excellency's decision ought to be the creation of an Assembly capable of dealing with the large issues that must shortly come up for decision in the country. Wo want no revivals of those feverish and exciting rumours and dreams which have engendered so much distrust heretofore, and which we hope to find forgotten ; no * ghosts ' or conspiracies, or any hobgoblin mysteries to bewilder and affright the weak-minded. With regard to his Excellency the Earl of Belmore, most assuredly be has done nothing in this matter which should not commend the respect and gratitude of the peoplo- It is quite impossible to suppose that the members who now occupy places in our Parliament, could continue to administer the affairs of the country without'many and frequent broils, of a bitter and personal oharaoter ; and it is desir able to train ourselves by degrees into a, more generous, rational, and patriotic courso of legislative discussion. DISSOLUTION OF PARLIAMENT.-His Excellency the Governor being at Throsby Park on Thursday last, the Premier (Sir James Martin), the Colonial Secretary (Mr. John Robertson), and tho othor members of tho Ministry proceeded there by special train, and after a consultation on the present political situation, his Ex cellency with their advice, prorogued Parliament to the 8th instant, preparatory to granting a dissolution. EBKATUM.-In the last paragraph of the sketch of Sir Hercules Robinson, the word 'importation' was, by typographical error, substituted for ' usurpation,' the sentence should be :-' Ceylon was governed by Sing halese Princes, with occasional usurpations by Malabar conquerors.' 'LATEST MINING.-The Mitchell's Creek Company hold their half-yearly meeting at the'Chamber of Com merce on Monday, the 29th ultimo, a satisfactory report was read, and a vote of thanks was given to the directors.-A meeting was held at the Boyal Hotel on the 29th ultimo, in connection with the ' Monitor Com pany,' which has a four acre lease at Hill End, Tam baroora. 3000 shares had been taken up, and, consi dering the company to be about formed, the meeting adjourned to allow of the deed of settlement being drawn up.-At the half- yearly meeting of the Bulli Coal Company on the 30th ultimo, a dividend of 10 per cent was proclaimed.-A meeting of the Mount Perry Copper Mining Company was held on the 31st ultimo, and a satisfactory report was read.-The Peak Downs held their half-yearly meeting on the 31st. and a dividend equal to 80 percent per annum was declared. At an adjourned general meeting of the Argyle Quartz Mining Company, the articles of agreemeut wore sub mitted, and adopted by the shareholders. HUNTER UIVER JOOICEY CLUB.-An adjourned meet ing of the Hunter Uiver Jockey Club was held on Tuesday evoning, at tho Bank Hotel, East Maitland, Mr. H. O'Moagher in tho chair. Mr. Cairns montioued I that satisfactory arrangements had been mado with the trustees of tho racecourse. A cheque for tho actual amount to the credit of tho dub in tho bank, L24 2s 10il, was filled in and sent to tho treasuer,. Mr. E. Cobcroft, for his conversation. A suggestion to hold a race mooting in May wns favourably received. The follow ing committee was appointed to canvass tho district for members : Messrs. II. O'Meaghor, A. Cobcroffc.W Cains, W. Milos, J. Bourke, P. Burke, lt. Dodds, J. Cunning ham, H. Bailey, C. Atkinson, with power to add to their number. It was also resolved that the. treasurer be empowered to place L100 in the Bank of Australasia, as a fixed deposit for three months, at the current rate of interest. This terminated the proceedings. §!)Tho amount of gold brought down'.by the Northern escort, and lodged in the Sydney branch of tho Koyal Mint during the week ending the 1st instant was from OK. dwts. grs, Uralla . 126 8 12 Nundlo. 3G2 13 2 Tamworth ... 201 0 6 Scone . 29 18 19 Armidale ... 160 lo 0 'Total ... 881 2 15 A match was played on Saturday last, between tho Tole graph-ofllce and tho Post-ofllce Cricket Clubs, which rosultod in a victory to the latter by eight (S) runs, the match being decided by tho first innings. Fost-oilico Cricket Club, first innings, 05 ; second innings, 31. ïolegraph-ofllco, first Innings, 57 ; neçond. inuins», 7. 