DISCUSSION ON SriUITKM. If (To the Editor of the Boutin* Advertiser.) [1 Sir,-In your issue of "Wednesday appeals a: paia^i..ph. . extracted from the Melbourne lia\bi Telegraph of Tuesday. respecting the public eouuo-v wrsy between J\Ir. Tyennan. and Dr. ]3hur on -lic'; subject of Spiritism; and after saving: thru; thvrV was a good attendance, &c.;, wound up by stating that the doctor <:had the best of the argument; and dealt v, fatal blow at the doctrines spiritism.J> I have read tlie report of the dis-' ciHsion in tb.e Tvlq/ro.pk, but the "fatal Mow'' mu<t hrvo b'joi? nvwdod.oufc, cr T must have been visited wirh deadened br;?i.»j at i)je tin-i- of r;-vd it. It was not thoie surely; I'lslt-.nl of vnic.i t!i.j doctor confirmed the truth of spiritism as being af old as the hiljs. No doubt mauy. like myself, ex-: p»!ctod from the long-talked of discussion comin* off, to hear some grand and deeply studied ru^u" wents brought forward by this reputed Icaincj doctor against the phenomena cf invisible c.'imu^ rucative pevror, or to explain what is was, but were disappointed. lie "went to curse, but re mained-to bless," with the exception of introduc. ing a few exaggerated statements about Yankee ghost stories, £:c. Seriously, of what use is tbo continual fcoptical allusions by the l;>r5': majority who have not seen the wondcri tii "spiritism, as it is called, against the fo* who, with only one; object-that of natural iiistipc; -arc amusing ? themselves by invcstigatinii. ti>? wonderful truths flint are only .as yet partial!; revealed of . the beautiful and mysterious works of nature. Is there any sin in trying to demonstrate the truths of the Bible? Perhaps only a few ii.-m no tieed it, hut there is a marked resemblance In communications delivered or written frou! medium; to tlio style of wording in the IJible. InspircJ writing has often been spoken cf us that contained in the Scriptures, hut doubt exists ;v. to tlw tint moaning of inspiration. The investigators after truth might in time demonstrate the fact. The most learned men of the day can only define in p.u. many passages of the groat and good book mediumistic language may, by-and-bye, enlighten us. Spiritism is likely te go on and prosper, not wiistanding the unwarrantable attacks made as to the mode of examination; and there is a class ot persons concerned in the investigation who would not lend themselves to any deception. Since the above was written, a statement of a remarkable manifestation in Sandhurst if' reported in the .Ve): bou tile papers. I know one ut the meji present n/iu saw the eggeup mentionel placcd on the table, r.nd he is a person who would before the whole company there expose them, if he discovered any trick. The parents of the young girl medium are also respect able and trustworthy people, and well-known mi Sandhurst. Youra truly, IN YESTIGATOIi. £5th July. THE Ballarafc Liberty Protection Association Iraj adopted tliti following programme:-Strenuous op position, to the Permissive Bill. Establishment of excise supervision over all liceiucd houses. To ad vocate Sunday travelling on railways, Y:T., one up and one down train between Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Melbourne, and vice versa. To advocate the opening ol telegraphic communication on Sundays, at ccrtain hours. To advocate the opening of puhl.i'? libraries and museums oil Sundays, at cnfcuil hours. THE M:M'.-The issue from the .Mint during the week Las been £10,000 in sovereigns; making >< total of £1.03,00i'i sineo the openimr. The receipt? for the week have been 7,753 ounces, malting the total Ci,370 ounces. The Mini appears attractive to customers at a distance. The £>uu.th Reriisltr reports that " an Adelaide merchant sent to "the Melbourne Mint 105 ounces of siual! goto, collected in the neighborhood of lichunga, for which he has received .£1 per ounce in Melbourne sovereigns. The new .Mint will also be of use to South Australian digger?.''-A>J<\ THE PEBILISSIVE. IJitx.-A challenge has bi-«a thrown, out (says the Td'areph) to the opponents 1 of the Permissive Kill. Members of the Lieen-e,l Victuallers1 Association are invited to discuss the provisions of this measure on Tuesday, 30th, at eight o'clock, in the Temperance Hall, -Melbourne. TH?. 'appointment of Mr. John James Beresfonl Bowman as substitute Chairman of the Court of General Sessions, Deputy Judge of the County Courts and Courts of .Miuo~, and Judge of the Court of Insolvency in the district of Beech worth, is gazetted'. <Xr.Hi.A2ib TELEGRArn.-A message from l'ort Darwin may now be expected hourly, a : a message was to leave Daly Waters on the 2:!rd Juiy, whether a cable message had been received or no. By the loth of August only ifty miles of the over land line will remain unfinis.icd.-Ifcra'n. Cor.usiox ON- THE WILLTAMSTOWN Lixs.- A collision occurred oil Saturday morning on the WilKam^town line between a passenger train and a portion of a e;oods train, but, fortunately, no damage ensued beyond the smashing of some roll ing stock. It, woul'l appear thai the S.10 passenger train for Williamstowi: had proceeded as far as the Williamstown junction, when it ran clean into a portion of a goods train which was left standing uu the main line whilst siiunting was being cairkil oiii The driver of the passenger train, named - StedCj was uninjured, and the passengers, though, of course, somewhat shaken, proviu.;ntia''y escaped serious harm. One goods van and oni truck were seriously damaged by the forcible ombraee. Tlifl matter was speedily reported to the railway authorities, and Mr. Mathieson, traffic manager, at . ouce proceeded to the scene of the smash, to insti tute due inquiries, the result of which will be embodied in a report, and submitted to the head of .(lie department. It may be mentioned that whom the accident occurred, there is a very .sharp curve, besides which there was, wo believe, a blinding drizzle of rain at the time the collision took place, two facts which may go. some way in exonerating the driver from too severe blame, should the om<s of the ali'air rest, with him.-Herald. Lord Belmore, who has recently returned to Eng land from Sydney, has already put in several ap* pearauces in his place i'l the House of Lords. lie spoke on the occasion of the Ballot Bill bo ng dis cussed, and said he had only hoard of one case of personation ;n New South Wales. Tncro was ho thought, very l'ttle secrecy connected with the ballot in Australia, nor uid he think the principle uotild work miracles in England. lie, however, voted in t..vor of the second reading. A Tiiir.TV TOOT Caucii: Uaiiayay.-It is stated that a iMr. Burrus. of Wisconsin, had issued a scheme for a r»ilvoad from the Atlantic to tho WeH, to bo ht-Mfc with a gauge of .'JO fc-oh Tne road in to run from the JCast by the nio^t direct lino to Lake Erie. When it reaches the hike the I'o.ul is to be h'.'ili out info tho water about -o feet below the sur.'aee lor vuuediscane.' ami there en !. It in to he operarod with a machine which is even more wonderful in n the road, an { wMeh will ir.vi gal-j tin* waier vs> well as traverse the hind. Wlien this amphibious locomotive arrives at the jumping* off place at Lake lirie it is to slid? gracefully iido tho water, ami hy slight transposition of its niachi ne»y, become a j.teamhoat. When it has arrived ai Monroe it ]...>,umes ics character of locomotive, r.ad rolls o*i another broal gauge road to Lake Michi gan, whence it U to l ike water tor Chicago. The macbhiti is to ho MifitctenHy large to cany a vessel oi ;>;W i ri>ixt x:> that all ueccsssUv for ship eiirds Will be done away. The inventor expects to attain a hp-.-ed of tweniy-tive miles per hour oil land and twcjity-nvn in water. Thh ]?[Dm.r»i,-Tiie French Derby was run ior on ilth June. and the oci'a-aen to <ly one of the largest ami m«>^t fashion Vi'e gathcrim..* ever n?-.emMod on ?h::t *vocvi:vl of French ra-joJOi'iseJi. All the Orleans kiUeuss .were i.-res^nr, and the Count and Countess do Pa"?s wero accompanied by the child ren. The pavilion was quite full, and tiie less avastoev.itic stands were equally well attended. The folio wing w;is tho result.-IVi.\ du Jockey Club (French Derby) of 1,200 sovs. C'.dts, S.st 71b; fHlivs, 8>t Ub. Second to receive SO sovs. Oae mile and a«ha!f. Lt. Anmont's ltovigny, Onrrar, 1; Duke of Hamilton's Little Agues. Coringmuu, M. Delamere's Candor, Carver, 3. Duke «»f Ihmui to.Vs Darl'iHoTi, Oust nice, i. Th<? following also ran:- ^-nl, O'a liu.\:, Tahae, Datailley, Xethon, Le Ma]or, Duie lue; Kuuge, rind Madzja. AX:.;:..,1 $U:Ti-:a.~If wonder* evercessa ariyv/.hoi-..' it.will no: ho in Ma-uie. A you»o Sy.;" Ws.i -.v . day* ago was v.tken with a Midden tl:r.^invi.;:i fell iau*'a profound skep jti*« heioio supper. For five days it was impossible to arou.^ hcv, although the neighbor. i" and doctors as-seniijlrd and tr?e 1 such rou/h ij'ea.uu'es as a cold f'houoi Tliu IjIj . r;y !j, "" . wxt ?Sua.lay, (luT'-ivU win. t>wn l'ro:.tli>n« n;.. 111f,>]ty :!1 i tlio : 1 r-; 1 ' sui>{icr Wits rc.idv, aiMim; tluit she was very iniUoO < She i3 now a.v\vo!lQVfi, 