; ^ t-5 MQ GESAN | NTE LLJ q EN G E^^^^ - THE TWENTY-FIFTH 'ANNIVERSARY OF THE '? DIOCESE OF ,. v MELBOTEJ- RNE-^-THANESGrVING SERVICES. The commemoration of. the. completion of the twenty-fifth year of the diocese,. of Melbourne, and ..the consecration of. the first bishop, commenced on Friday, evening, 'thej 28th June, the eye of St. Peter's Day, .with' tlae celebration of. divine service at St.' Paul's Church, Melbourne. ' .','' ? . .'. ' ;. '..-'. ' ' ' ' / . The Lord Bishop was present, accompanied by his chaplains, the Very Reverend.' the Dean,, and -the Archdeacon of Ballarat; The prayers were read by the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, and included two special thanksgiving collects for the foundation of the diocese,, and for the bishop. The lessons were read by the Rev. William Wood, incumbent of Hawthorn. The sermon was. preached by the Rev. C. T. Perks, incumbent of Richmond, who took for his text St. John xx. 29— ;' Because thou hast seen Me, thoii hast believed : blessed are. they that have not seen, and yet have believed.' The sermon was listened to with marked attention, but, owing to its not being written in full, we regret that we are unable to print it with the other sermon in the Supplement, for our readers' perusal. The psalms and canticles were chanted and the anthem, 'Blessed, be the God and Father,' &c;, was very effectively sung by the choir of St.. Mark's, assisted by members of the choirs of St. Paul's and St. James's. . Mrs. James presided at the organ. ' The body. of the church was, .well filled ; the collection for' additional Bishopric fund amounted to::£8 8s. .....'?;? , ... ,; : ..';?;._.., ;??;?/ . . On Saturday, the 2'9th June, b'eing the feast of St. Peter, the'anni versary iRf the Bishop's consecration, divine service commenced in St. James VCathedral at ^ a.m.' ;^ Rev. the Dean, and most of 'the. members of the, chapter of the Cathedral, were within the chancel. The prayers including, special thanksgivings were read by, .Canon Bechef, the ante-comrnunibn service by the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, the epistle by Canon Gdodinan. The sermon was preached by the Ven^ the-' Archdeacon of Bailarat, from the text Phil. i. 6, and will.be found at length in the Supplement/ The church was tolerably filled, and upwards of one hundred 'persons partook of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper. There -was a full attendance of the choir, strengthened by. a few members of other church choirs, under the direction of the organist, Mr. W. H. Ford. The anthem, -; Pray for the peace of Jerusalem,' &c.;,. Psalm exxii. 6-9, was sung, and was, with :the other musical portions of the service, most . efficiently gone through. The offertory, amounting to £15 lls. 5d., was for the Additional Bishopric Fund. : ? ? ,. PBESENTATION OP ADDRESSES. Immediately; after the service at St. James's, the Bishop pro ceeded to the Town Hall, the. use of the council chamber and reception rooms being kindly permitted by the Right Worshipful the Mayor, for the presentation of the addresses to. his Lordship. At a quarter past two, the Hon. Sir William F. Stawell, accompanied by a number of the lay members of the church, presented the following address : — .,.;-.' ; 'T&ihe; Riffht Rev. Father in God, Charles Perry, D.I)., Lord Bishop of ? . ','.? Melbourne. ' ' We, laymen, residing in the diocese of : Melbourne, over which your Lordship has had charge for a quarter of a century, approach you on the ? occasion of this anniversary with assurances of .our respect and esteem. .' We .desire, in the first place,; to express our thankfulness to Almighty God for the prosperity and increase. which he has vouchsafed to the church in .this country .during your, episcopate;. , ??. ....,,. . . ' . . . 'Placed in charge of --.this diocese with oniy.-three clergymen and three churehesr.at a time, when the thoughts and actions of the population were . occupied in no ordinary degree with the struggle for material wealth, the task before you was one that, afforded little promise of the results which have been achieved. ' ? : :. , ? : ' 'It- is to your Lordship's p'iety and learning; to your devotion to your work; to your fearless recognition of the results of modern science, and uncompromising opposition to the pretensions of science, falsely so called; to your unflagging zeal and ungrudging self-sacrifice, that these results are, under God's providenco, mainly ;due. -?'t Where so much has been done it ia.-ditiicult to scloct any subject for especial comment, but if. there is one 'thing ? more than another which 'deserves to be so selected, it is the admirable , system of representative government, which you havo secured for tho church, in this land. 'Your Lordship was the first Bishop to invito your lay brethren to Bliai'e ill the government of the church, and wo .venture to express our hope .that the co-operation you have received from them has fully justified the trust you reposed in them. -;' '?'.; X;': '??'?'? ' '????''- '.'. ??'- . ? ' ; 'We feel strongly that the work of the diocese, which has grown so rapidly in consequence of your exertions, is now pressing on you with undue severity, and we trust that the time is not far distant when the efforts which are being' made to relieve you of some portion of that work, by the establishment of a second bishopric in Victoria, will be crownod with success. 'We propose, in commemoration of this day, to raise a fuud for tho endowment of a scholarship in Trinity College, and wo request your permission to call it by your name. ' We beg of your Lordship to convey to Mrs. Perry tho expression- of our high respect and regard. Wo cannot forget that at a time when the securities for order and tho appliances of civilisation wero more raro than at present, she showed by her example how safely our wilderness might bo traversed, and how tho kind courtesy of a gentlowoman could recall tho half-forgotten refinement of tho long-isolated settler. . .,: ' Her example has encouraged our wives and daughters in efforts to raise the fallen, and to support tho destitute, while her presence has cheered them in their difficulties and assisted in their counsels. ., 'In conclusion, we desire to assure you of our good wishes, that yourself and Mrs. Perry may long enjoy the affectionato regard of your friends and the esteem of all who know you, and our earnest prayers that when full of years and honour you are called from this life, you may obtain in the life to come a crown of glory. . ? ???. . 'St. Peter's Day, 1872.' ' ???????.?? ??.????' : The Bishop replied : — , ? ,r :: 'My Dear Friends — The assurance^of the respect and esteem of so many of my lay brethren, conveyed to ine in the address which you have just presented, greatly gratifies me, and I very cordially thank you for it. . 'While recognising the prosperity and increase which God has gra ciously vouchsafed to the church during the 25 years of my episcopate, I cannot take to myself credit for more than an honest desire, as a faithful servant of Christ, to do my dnty in that state of life unto which it has pleased Him to call me. That whicb- in reflecting up.on the past, quarter of a century, strikes me most forcibly, is the wonderful, goodness of God in so often preserving both myself and also the church of which he has made me the bishop from the injurious consequences of my own faults. Not to mo, therefore, but to Him alone, be the praise for all the good which he has accomplished for us. '-'.', 'Among the virtues for which, in your great kindness, you have bestowed upon me very undue commendation, is ' ungrudging self -sapri lice;' This I honestly feel that I in no wise deserve ; for, except in obeying the call of God to leave my native land, and separate myself from my beloved relatives and friends there, I havo not had any special occasion for the exercise of this grace. In this land to which God brought me H-3 has given me all things richly to enjoy. Undisturbed domestic happiness, good health, a sufficiency of worldly wealth, many loving private friends, a number of valuable fellow-labourers both of the clergy and laity, and much encouragement in the fulfilment of my ministry— these blessings have all been mine. To haye to contend with difficulties, to endure anxiety, and to suffer disappointment, is no more than the common lot of all men in this present life, and is a part of that spiritual discipline whereby the children of God are trained for their heavenly inheritance in the life to come. In comparison with those of many of my brethren, both here and elsewhere, my trials of faith and patience have been few and small. 'That I was, in the providence of God, permitted, with the assistance of some of yourselves and others, to originate what you justly call our present ' admirable system of representative government' for the church in this land, has always been to me an. occasion of special thankfulness. By means of this system, both the. parochial clergy, and the laity have acquired their rightful share in the management of ecclesiastical affairs ; and our church has become a well-ordered commonwealth, in which all its members occupy their proper position and co-operate with one another for the due increase and well-being of the whole body. To the benefits which have resulted, from the constitution of our Assembly. I can, bear a joyful testimony. Many and great as I expected them to be, they have more than confirmed my expectations. 'You have referred to the establishment of a second bishopric in Victoria. Such an increase in tho episcopate is indeed urgently needed, not so much for the sake of the bishop as of tho church. In consequence of the number of towns and villages which have sprung up throughout the country, and the rapid settlement of the people on the land, it has become impossible for a single bishop to visit all the parishes and parochial districts ? so frequently as is desirable. Neither can he — I speak for myself — even with tho valuable aid of tho several archdeacons, call forth into operation all tho various agencies which are required for procuring and maintaining an adequate staff of clergy. Moreover, tho absence of the Bishop from Melbourne during the large portion of the year spent in visitation journeys is attended with much inconvenience. Matters which ought to receive immediate attention have often to be long postponed, and opportunities of usefulness, not being at once seized, are sometimes lost for ever. The expression of your feeling on the subject will, I doubt not, greatly strengthen tho hands of those who are now endeavouring to raise a fund sufficient for the endowment of a new see, and promote the speedy success of their undertaking. ' The proposal to commemorate this day by founding a scholarship at Trinity College, and calling it by my name, is peculiarly .gratifying to me; and I cannot but regard it as an instance of God's providential goodness that a portion of a collegiate building, which I have so greatly desired to see erected, but which has been so long delayed, should have been just now completed, and thus the thought of a scholarship in con nection with it suggested to your minds. . . . . 'You have asked me to convey to Mrs. Perry the expression of your high respect and regard; and I beg to thank you, on her behalf and on my own, for the compliment which you have thus paid her. She would tell you that she has done no more than her duty, and that in traversing, as she has done, this country almost throughout its whole length and breadth, she has invariably received the greatest hospitality and courtesy from all classes of its people. In referring, however, to this part of your address, I should not do justice to my own feelings if I did not add that, besides her other special avocations, she has, by her constant presence and ever-ready help, both relieved my long journeys of their weariness and made my most toilsome labours light. It givos me- therefore, much pleasure that you havo thus exprossed your appreciation of her character and conduct as your Bishop's wife. 'It remains for me to thank you, in Mrs. Perry's name and my own, for the assurance of your good' wishes and prayers on our bohalf. To know that wo arc continually remembered by you before God will greatly encourage us in both doing and suil'oring whatevor He shall appoint for us; and I earnestly beseech you to continue to ask of Him that He will enablo us to glorify Him during our life on earth, and will keep us by His Almighty power through faith unto salvation. ? I would express also my prayer for you, my beloved brethren, that all of you may in your respec tive stations show forth the praise of your Heavenly Father by your god liness and righteousness of life, your faithful use of all the talents which you have received from Him in His service, your active interest in the prosperity and extension of the Church, your love for your ministers, and ' your mutual goodwill one towards another. So shall you enjoy the assurance of the divine presence and blessing, and an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.' . . . . : Sir W. F. Stawell mentioned that there was also an address from the' ladies, expressing their hearty concurrence with, the address he had read. ' : The Bishop asked Sir W. F. Stawell to kindly convey his verbal acknowledgments to the ladies, and said he hoped they would con sider that what he had said in his reply to the laity, applied^to them as well as to those to whom it had been addressed. The Rev. Dr. Cairns, on behalf of a deputation from the various Evangelical churches, among whom appeared the Ilev. Dr. Cameron, the Rev. A.. M. Henderson, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, the Rev. I. _Hetherington,A. Kininmont, D. M'Eachran, R. Hamilton, T. Edwards, J. Watsford, J. Eggleston, J. 1'oole, J. Martin, J. J. Halley, Jos. Walker, H. Herlitz, Kerr Johnston, Messrs. James Balfour, A. Scott, Haigh, Sharp, and others, said — ' I have been requested by the deputation, now present, representing the different branches of the Evangelical Church of Christ in this colony, to present to you the following address, congratulating you on completing the twenty-fifth year of your episcopate. Never in my life was I called upon to dis charge a duty more agreeable to myself or more in harmony with my convictions and feelings. For the long period of a quarter of a century you have so lived and laboured amongst us in the cause of our common Lord, a cause dear to us all, as to have won not only the re spect, but the affectionate esteem, the cordial sympathy, the thorough confidence' of all your brethren in the ministry, and all the members of our several churches. It has been happily proved that not sympathy, and good feeling alone, but friendly concert, is possible iv.tvveen you and us — possible, for it is matter of fact); that it is safe to all' parties, for we feel assured that your hands have not been weakened by your frequent co- operation with us, and we are here to testify that we have been refreshed and strengthened by our intercourse and fellowship with you. While possible and safe, results have. shown, and do now show, that such union is beneficial in the highest degree, combining as it does our various gifts and energies ' ? . in rebuking unbelief and promoting through the community at large the influence of true and undefiled religion. My heart prompts me to say much more, for my theme is congenial ; but wisdom counsels me to restrain myself, and read the address with which I have been entrusted.' . He then read the following address from the Evangelical churches, which was, signed by 800 persons in Melbourne,, Geelong, , Ballarat, Castjemaine, and Sandhurst : — . ?; 'To the IiiaU Rev. Charles Pern/, D.D., Bishop of Melbourne. 'Right Eeverend Sir— We, the undersigned, ministers and other mem bers Qf.:yarioug Evangelical. Churches in Victoria, desire to be allowed the privilege, of joining in the expressions of respect and confidence addressed to you. by-the clergy and members of your own church, in connection with the occurrence of tho^twenty^fifth anniversary of your episcopate. ' During ..these 25 years, you have, as the one Bishop of the Church of England in the colony^ occupied a position of great prominence before all the churches; And, hot with flattering words, but in simplicity and godly sincerity,, ;would we express our appreciation of the ability and learning with which you have defended our common Christianity; and at; the same time bear witness to the fidelity to truth and duty, the consistency, the painstaking; the' energy, the practical wisdom, the humility, the charity, which- have marked your career, and by which you have proved, from first to ]astj.an;epsample not only to those under your owu immediate charge, hut to the ministers-arid members of all the churches. In saying this, and we ,are aware it is not little, we are confident that we but express tho general mind of the Christian community. ','' We know well your loyalty to the Church of England, and we do not the less respect you, as one of her chief ministers, on that account. But we have had abundant reason also to know that you regard it as your highest distinction to boa minister of Christ; and that as a minister of Christ you have ever beeu forward to associate yourself, and to seek to associate all over whoni you have influence, with ministers and members of other churches in those works of faith and labours of love to which the common Master calls his servants. . 'May the day be distant when you shall cease from your labours in the midst of us ! It is our united and earnest prayer that God. in His great mercy may long spare you to aid in guarding His truth in this land, in ministering to the spiritual life of His church, and in binding together in love, and prayer, and effort, all who, by whatever name they may be called, are one in Christ Jesus.' ; . ' . » The. Bishop. replied :— ' My^Dear Friends and Brethren in Christ— I very highly appreciate and heartily thank you for your kind expression of respect and confidence , toward me on this the twenty^fifth anniversary of my consecration. While I dare;hot claim to have exhibited the virtues which you have ascribed to me,- 1. ;am- sure that you have not consciously used ' nattering words,' but have,- as- you- say, spoken in ' simplicity and godly sincerity.' I there fore tdesire- to -receive your commendation as a token of the undeserved goodness of -my.- Diyine -Master, who has given me this encouragement that I may endeavour, hereafter, as I trust I have (notwithstanding mani fold , infirmities) -.endoayoured hitherto, by His grace, to walk uprightly before all men., It affords me special gratification that you, my brethi'en of other, churches, have so cordially united with the clergy and members of my own church, in this declaration of your kindly feelings. For not only is it my earnest desire that the differences existing among us in matters of belief and ecclesiastical discipline should not prevent us from maintaining tho unity of the spirit in tho bond of poace ; but f urthor, it is my opinion, an opinion which I have never hesitated to avow, and which has been strengthened with my advancing years, that these differences do not justify our separation from ono another ; but that as wo are all (if we be true believers in Christ) now united in His ouo holy Catholic Church, so ought wo bo united in ono outward communion. This outward union, I confidently .trust, will, according to our Lord's Prayer, be in God's own tinio accomplished ! and in tho meanwhile I regard it as both a duty anda p.riyilpgQ to assist, to the utmost of my power ' in binding together in love, and pi'ayeiv'and ? effort' all who, by whatever name they may be called, are one in Christ Jesus.' ? The Very Rev. the Dean ov Melbourne presented.the subjoined address, signed by 120 of , the clergy of the .Church of England ?:??-- - - 'To the Right Reverend Father- in God,- Glmrles, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of Melbourne, from the Priests and Deacons of his Diocese. ' Grace, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and from. the. Lord Jesus Christ, our Saviour. ,..,... 'Wo rejoice that wo have mot together on this anniversary of your Lordship's consecration, some of us in person, others in spirit, in the house of prayer, and especially at the. table of our blessed Lord,, to cement in that act of holy communion our fellowship with you and with each other in Christ our Head, and to give thanks to God, as. well for all other His mercies towards this churchy as also for Hiss great goodness in sparing you for a quarter of a century to be 'our chief pastor. , 'In looking back upon tho history of the church during the past 25 years, we cannot but be conscious that the peculiar difficulties and respon sibilities of tho episcopal office in those trying times, and in a new country, where the conditions, of church life are so. different from those of our fatherland, were rendered especially difficult by tho, wonderful development of wealth and increase of population which Victoria has experienced during your tenure of tho see. Among a people singularly independent in thought, restless in action, and impatient, of restraint, who had broken away from home ties and home associations, it was your work to stand upon the old paths, in the new world to rear up the fabric of tho ancient, time-honoured church of the old country, to gather together the smouldering embers of affectionate remembrance of the ohurch of our fathers, to fan them into a flame of steady and earnest devotion, that, the clear light of the ordinances of Christ, as they had been handed down to us, might, illuminate the institutions of our adopted country. In a new part of God's husbandry, with but little state help, with ho. other , advantages, than are of her own spiritual right, her liturgy, articles, and sacraments, it was your part so to labour that the Church of England might take root downward in the affections of the people, and bear fruit upward in'. their godly, righteous, and sober lives, and be in all essentials of doctrine, ritual, and practice,' a true scion of the good old stock. . .. ? / ... ,';!.';.?'.'' 'That such a branch of our church has been planted ; that lib. is able in any degree to meet the spiritual wants of this l'apidly-increasing people ; that it has powers of self-government and of self-development, and of adaptation to new circumstances ;-. that -there is so much of ' union and concord among our clergy; that the rights of the laity have been fully recognised, and their loyalty to the :faith of then* fathers cherished and quickened ; that we are agreed that schools for all classes should-, be seminaries, not only of sound learning, but also of religious education ; that we have, in the establishment of a college, been enabled to apply this principle to our university ; that our duty to the sparsely-populated districts has been recognised ; that missionary efforts have not been wanting on behalf of tho heathen of this southern hemisphere —that these things have been effected is, under the good and gracious Providence of our God, working and watching over your efforts, mainly because towai'ds these ends your Lordship has devoted with singleness of mind and earnestness of purpose, sanctified by diligent prayer, those powers of mind and gifts of ruling wherewith God has eminently endowed you ; and because you have not spared your strength in making yourself acquainted with the wants of all parts of your large diocese ; and in. no small degree also because you have been willing to trust,t,lie constitutional exercise ofi their powers by the clergy and people in those matters wherein you had readily surrendered to them what hadbeen reckoned among the prerogatives of me episuoptu urnue. -tvo mo aiunu uuue wo gmuiy uear our leswmony inau your personal kindness to us, your disinterestedness and self-sacrifice, your love of justice, the knowledge of , your, unwearied and conscientious diligence, have stimulated our. zeal, rebuked our weariness, strengthened our patience, and helped us: to labour in our 'measure, according to our power and bur conscientious convictions, for the perfecting in our sphere . of the same work in which we have you for our exam pie. . ??- ':.'... j . 'For these things iwe.igive thanks-.to. God, who -hath- graciously heard the prayers that were offered. onyour, behalf as on, this dayiin Westminster Abbey, and hath endued you, ,with, the ' spirit, .not of. fear, but; of Jove,, and of power, and of a sound mrnd.1.-: ?? ?; .- ,., ? ?'.'? 'And we earnestly desire that your Lordship may live to see an exten sion of the episcopate in the colony, feeling, as we do, that our. organisa tion will be incomplete until the see of Melbourne occupies a metropolitan positi on in a subdivided province. ' Finally, in tho language of the collect of this day's festival, we pray that Almighty God will continue to help your Lordship, and-us under you, ' diligently to preach His holy Word, and the people obediently to follow the same, that we all may obtain the crown of everlasting glory,', for- the only merit's sake of our Saviour Jesus Christ.. .\; ?.? . ...?': :..:.. ' We beg to subscribe ourselves, in all. dutifulaffeetion, your Lordship's faithful servants. ?-. -, ?? . ? , . -? ? : ..- ^,--.. ' Melbourne* St. Peter's Day, 1872.' '?.''?'?'.'.?'? '.. /:' .,..,? The Bishop replied :— . .'?? T .''?.'?.?''.. ; . :. ; -. 'Beloved Brethren in the Ministry of the Gospel— Before replying -td the affectionate address which yott have just presented to me, I would join with you in thexpression of thankfulness aqd joy,that. on this the 25th anniversary of my. consecration;-we have been permitted, by partaking together of the holy sacrament of ;the -Lord's Supper, -to seal our union with Christ as our Divine Head, and' our communion with one another1 as fellow-members of his spiritual body; and I would add my earnest prayer that this our fellowship in Him may be increasingly manfested by our mutual sympathy and brotherly loy.e,, so that whether one member suffer all the members may suffer with it, or one member be honoured all the members may rejoice with it.: 'For the high commendation- which you.have bestowed upon me — since1 1 do not doubt that it conveys the, sincere -expression of your feelings t^I very heartily thank you; but the listeniug.to it, by the recollection which it brings to my mind of manifold errors' and defects, 'tends to humble rather' than elate mo. . . ,'.' . '.. , , -'-.,.' . . . . 'As the first Bishop of Melbourne, my office, under the peculiar' circumstances of the country during the last '20 years, has certainly beenj as you intimate, ouo of grave responsibilities-and great difficulties ; but while I would not protend to say that I have not at times felt 'severely the burden of them, the Lord's providental goodness^ shown in many- ways, and especially in the raising up of faithfu2 friends and valuable ? fellow labourers, both of . the clergy and laity, has constantly supported me under them — yea, and given me cause to thank Him for them. , ; . -; ' With reference to tho planting of our church in this laud, theprovision. (still sadly inadequate) made by it for the spiritual wants -of our people, tho adaptation of it by means of our present ecclesiastical constitution to. its now position, and the several other matters of gratujation which you enumerate, and of which it would be both untruthful; and 'unthankful 'in' me to profess an unconsciousness or ihsdnsibility, -I would ^observe 'that the human agency which God has employed for accomplishing them all has not been the ability, piety, and diligences of myself, or any other single individual, but the combined zeal, and wisdom, and self-denying exertions in thoir several positions of all His faithful servants. Howover earnestly I might have laboured to fulfil my duties, I could lmvo effected nothing without the continued counsel and co-oporatiou of thoso brothron whom the Lord has from time to time associated with mo in niy work. ' Your personal testimony to the uprightness of my conduct toward yourselves is especially gratifying to mo ; for the relation in which a bishop stands to tho clergy of his diocese, as it affords him constant opportunities of cxertiug ou them a beneficial influence, so also imposes upon him the obligation of using those opportunities to tho best advautage — and herein lies one of his chief difficulties. If I at all know myself, I do possess that ' love of justice ' which you ascribe to mo, and I can honestly affirm that I have not consciously done injustice to any clerical brother, but I cannot speak with tho same confidence of having -always shown towards you that sympathy in your trials and that consideration and tenderness under your difficulties which you were entitled to expect from me. If, therefore, I have at any time pained any of you by impatience or apparent unkindncss, I would now beg your forgiveness; and I would ask you to pray ' for me that I may henceforth never fail to oxhibit tho gentleness and patience which become a minister of Jesus Christ. ' I heartily join with you in the desire that I may live to see an extension of the episcopate in tho colony. It is my earnest wish that I may see founded, not only a bishopric of Ballarat, but one of Sandhurst also, and both held by men of God, full of tho Holy Ghost and of power. If this were granted 'to me, and I were permitted further to see Trinity College completed and filled with students, then I should be able to say with him of old, 'Lord, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace.' ' The collect for this day's festival to which you refer is peculiarly suitable for our continual use, and I would fervently unite with you in the prayer that both you and I, and those who shall succeed us in the sacred office of the ministry, may 'diligently preach God's holy word, and that the people may obediently follow the same, so that we all may receive the crown of everlasting glory which the Lord shall give to them that love His appearing. ' Grace, mercy, and peace be multiplied unto you through tho knowledgo of God and of Jesus our Lord.' After the formal . ceremony of presenting the, addresses was con cluded, the Rev. G. W. Torrancc, by special request, played upon .the new grand organ for about half an hour. Being in an unfinished state, only about 36 stops could be used, but these -were enough to give some idea of the capabilities of the wonderful instrument and of the exquisite taste and skill of the performer. At four o'clock, the clergy of the diocese entertained the Bishop at a luncheon, in one of the rooms of the Town Hall. There were also present, as guests, the Ven. Archdeacon Browne, of Launcesfcon ; the Rev. D. Brodie, church missionary from India ; the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, registrar of the diocese ; and W. E. Moms, Esq., deputy registrar. Owing to its being Saturday evening, scarcely any of the country clergy could remain, which accounted for on]y 46 being present. ' . - ? In the evening, a choral service .was held in St. Peter's Church, at which the Revs. Canon Handfield and 0. *Bromby officiated, the collection. being also for the New Bishopric Fund. 