Miscellaneous Items. A conference of the clerical and lay members ofttho Church of England, in tho dioceso of Bathurst, will be 'held on the 29th September. Great preparations are being made in the Hunter districts l'or a proper and loyal reception ofilia Excel lency Slr Hercules Robinson and tho Hon. Lady Robinson on their visit to the various leading towns in tho districts. The Rev. Père Garavel (R.O.) has been fined Ll nnd costs for assaulting Dr. Reginald Read, of Coogee, when in attendance upon a'sick female patient in that neigh bourhood. Messrs. Brewster and Trebeclc sold privately on Tuesday Kangnroo Creek and Little Nymboida stations, in the Clarence district, with 1700 head of cattle at £3 10s per head ; also, 300 acres of selected land for £90 ; and 70 horses, working bullocks, stores, &o.;, at a valuation. Tho Ministers and members of tho New South Willes Baptist Union have been holding their auuiuil meetings this week. On Wednesday, among other proceedings, the chairman ot tho Union, tho Rev. A. W. Webb, of Harris street, Church, delivered an earnest address on tho position, duties, and hopes of the Baptists in this colony. At a convocation of members of thc Sydney University, held in the hail of that institution at tile hour of noon ou Saturday, tile 31st ol' August, Mr. Christopher Rol leston, on the nomination of Vice-Cliaiioellor the Rev, Robert Allwood, waa elected a Fellow of the Senate of tho Sydney University, in tile place of William Charles Wentworth, lately deceased. A man named Alexander Munn -was at the Water Police Court, OH Tuesday, lined £10, under sections 1 and .1 chap. 9 of tho Act XI Geo. II, for removing his goods mid chattels from a house rented from Mr. Joseph G. Raphael, M.L.A., in order to prevent him distraining for an amount of £2 13s duo by Munn for rent. A serious accident happened to a woman named Catherine Robinson and a boy named Thomas M'Gill, aged ten years, on Tuesday. The woman and boy were driving a vegetable cart down Belvoir-strcet, Burry Hills, when the horse took fright and bolted, throwing both out of the cart. They were so serlouslv injured as to necessitate their imme diate removal to tho Infirmai3'. A splendid collection of about sixty varieties of the favourite Ho wer, the hyacinth, is being exhibited at the warehouse of Messrs. Beilby and Collen, George-street. They were grown by Messrs. Shepherd and Co., of tho Dar ling Nursery, from bulbs recently imported from Belgium, and certainly form one of tho choicest collections wo have seen in the colony. The butchers of Sydney in public meeting assembled have resolved to establish a Butcher's Association, and in order to enable thom to compete with tho wholesale carcass dealers, they havo appointed a deputation to wait upon Iiis Worship the Mayor and Aldermen of Sydney, to impress upon them tho nocossity of orecting central stock sale yards. The usual monthly meeting of tho Horti cultural Soclot3', took place on Wednesday in the Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth- street. There was a numerous attendance. MP. Thompson occupied thc chair. There was a choice col lection of exhibits on the table, hut they were not so nume rous aa it was exjiectod they would be. This, however, was explained by the Secretary, to bo caused by it not being very easy to cut flowers from tho garden'just attbis time. A valuable discovery of bismuth appears by tho Maryborough Chronicle to havo been made at Doomhyjuu. Samples of the ore have been tested by Dr. Mureil, and have been found to yield from seven to oigíit per coi.t. of tho pure metal. This, at thc present price-,C12Q0 per ton-will yield a very handsomo return, and, by nil accounts, n wide lode of considerable length, bj' tho surliice display, exists. A large area of tho land has been talton up by Messrs. Power, Lyons, and Macdermott, who intend ut once to thoroughly test the ground. The total export of coal from Newcastle for tho week ending 30th August, is 13,515 tons, of which .iniö were shipped tn Sydney, 1382 to Melbourne, 203 to Adelaide, 7.Ï2 to Wallaroo, li)31 to Now Zealand, 474 to Hobart Town, 1005 to San Francisco, 1925 to China, and 1198 to steamers mid for home consumption. Ol' this quantity tho A. A. Company contributed 2355 tons, tho Wallsend 3213 tons, Lambton, 2082 tons, Waratah, 2118 tons, Co-operutive Company, 1103 tons, and New Lambton, ItiS 1 tons. On Thursday Mr. Herbert Gibson offered for sale, on the Quarantine firoimd. Ibo Merino stud nuns imported and bred by Messrs. Gi banu mid Son and Mr. H. Parramore, «f Tasmania. Ther'i was uni 11 very large intend ance of buvers, und only Mr. Parramore's lot, were dis posed of, lit priced ranging from Lo to LJ2, and were nearly all purchased to go to Young. Mr. Gibson's lot were with drawn, and are new fur private sale, as will be seen by releí»'lice to our advertising columns. The Government bave boen moved by the Minister lor Lauris to enter hilo cnniimiiiieatlon with tho other Australiuii Governments on the ipiesiioii ol'lhelinpurta U011 of stock into Australian p"rts from loreign parts. In view ol't ho contagions discuses known to prevail at the pre sent time in Europe i.nd elsewhere, it. has been considered 1 desirable to forbid the importation nf stock lor a curtain 1 period mid this muy be dono by Government proclamai inns 1 issued simultaneously in all the coloidea oí the Australian group. The people of Braidwood are getting np a \ petition to the Minister for Works, calling his attention to tho small sum granted for the maintenance of the Clyde-road. In addition to the necessity of keeping tho means of communi cation open, for the purpose of facilitating the receipt of supplies from Sydney, it is urged that the approaching development of the vast mineral resources of tho district will render it desirablo to forward tho produots of tho mines to Sydney by that road. A fatal boat accident occurred at Sans Souci Inst Monday evoning at 8 o'clock. It appears that a labourer residing at Kogruh, named Robert Poole, together willi one William Smith, left Sans Souci in a dingy to go up George's River. Both parties had a quart bottle bf rum with them. Whilst crossing a place callod Carter's Island tho dingv sud denly capsized, and Poolo sank and was drowned. Smith swam ashore, after great exertion. Tho body of Poole was recovered at 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning by a man named Donglass, near tho scone of the accident. Wo are informed that the proposed new Battery (Na. ll or Princess Alexandra's Own) of Volunteer Artillery, is rapidly filling up, and from the number who have already signed " tender of service," the promoters do not anticipate having any vacancies left after this evening. The Colonial Secretary's sanction has not been received yet, but in the meantime the members attend for recruit drill (which is for the present conducted bj'some of tho promoters, who are old volunteers) every Monday, Tuesday, und Friday, at 7.30 p.m. At thc monthly meeting of the board of directors of the Randwick Asylum, held on Wednesday, it appeared from the financial statement of the treasurer that there is an overdraf t in the bank, to the credit of the institu tion, of L1118 11s 3d, including a sum amounting to nearly IilOO that Ima been expended in payment for clothing. Theo are also cheques to tho amount ol' LG2 12s, which have not yet been presented for payment. In the Savings Bank there is a sum of L743 ISs to the credit of the apprentices' fund. The accounts for the month, amounting to L1181 7s ld, were ordered to be paid. Tlie Secretary for Lands has been compelled to issue a notification to the effect that in consequence of tho numerous personal interviews required with him at all times throughout the day. and tho serious interference which he linds is thereby caused with the business of tho department, it will be necessary to restrict the time for holding such inter views to the following hours-viz., from ll a.m. to :i p.m. on ordinary days, mid from ll a.m. to noon on Saturdays. In order to prevent disappointment to persons, it. is requested that, excepting in cases of an urgent naturo, admitting of no delay, the hours above specified may be strictly observed. John Richard Pcele, surgeon, surrendered to his biil at Corowa, on tho 21th August, on tho charge of " maliciously and unlawfully having caused tho death of one David Pitcairn Hcndry by culpable neglect of duty in in-e scribing for the said David Pitcairn Hendry a poisonous dose of acetate of morphia." Mr. Superintendent Singleton, of Albury, appeared for tho Crown ; Mr. Floniing, of the linn of Fleming and Bradley, for the defence. Tho bench committed tho defendant to take his trial at tho next Circuit Court, to bo holden at Albury on tho Kith October next, allowing him bail, himself in L200 and two sureties of L100 each, Messrs. L. levin and J. Ii. Hudson becoming bound. The colony, says the Melbourne Age, is shortly to be visited by some august personages, as we under stand that his Excellency the Governor has received by tho mail a despatch from Earl Kimberley, Secretary of Slate for tho Colonies, announcing that it is the intention of their Serene Highnesses Prince Philipund Prince Augustus, junior, of Saxe-Cbburg and Gotha, cousins of her Majesty, and thc latter being son-in- law to his Imperial Majesty tho Emperor of the Brazils, and widower of his Majesty's second daughter, ; to visit Victoria. No probable date is fixed for the visit, but the Secretary of State asks that every attention shall be paid to their Highnesses, and facilities placed in their way for seeing the colony. On Saturday morning the City Coroner held an inquest at Homebush on tho bod}' of a man hetweon seventy and eighty years of agc, who was found dead in a water-hole on tho Concord Road on the previous day. Deceased lived in a hut by himself at Loveday, Concord, and received aid from the Benevolent Asylum. A verdict of accidental drowning was returned.-Another inquest was holden nfc Sans Souci on the body of a man named Robert Poolo, about sixty years of age, who was drowned by tho I capsizing of a dingy in George's Uiver. A mau who was' with deceased swam ashore, but deceased was tao fur gone in liquor to make any exertion to savo himself. The body was after wards found on Curler's Island, on George's River. Tho jury returned a verdict in accordance with tho circumstances. Some interest bas been excited (says the Goulburn Herald) by the discovory of a gold-bearing reef on the Mulwarreo Creek, Buiigonia-r'oud, about ten miles from Goulburn, where a prospector's claim has been secured by Mr. Tooee. Mr. John Weeks recently knocked off a few pieces of stone, and sent them to Sydney for assay, when they wero pronounced auriferous, though poor. It being thought more might be obtained and perhaps bettor prospects, a claim has been secured and men set to work. The reef is well developed, and tho appearances are considered encouraging. Mr, Richard Lamb has exhibited a very nice specimen of copper oro found on his farm at Mummel'. Mr. J. P. Cooper also exhibits specimens of tho samo mineral found on his land, and has since purchased from Mr. J. W. Chisholm a block of about 400 acres adjoining, though whether with a view to further prosecution of prosp°ofcing wo liavo not heard. We perceive from the Hill End Observer that immediately on his arrivel from Bathurst, tho Colt nial Secretary made a short and satisfactory oration from tho balcony of tho Club House Hotel, and announced that he would receive deputations on Monday. At half past 9 on tho forenoon of that dayunutnbei'of tho residents waited upon the hon. gentlemen and brought under his notice the wants of the district, viz., water supply, district hospital, formation of Clarke-street, powder magazine, court-house, post and tele graph offices, and School of Arts, resident gold commissioner, clerk of pettygiessions and district court, reservation ofgrnund for Church ol' England parsonage, &c.; In reply to all theso topics Mr. Parkes, without entering into any Ministerial pledge promised to bring thom under the notice of the Government, and in the afternoon he addressed an open-air meeting in front ol' thc Public School. About forty gentle men sat down to the complementary dinner in the evoning, but tho arrangements from somo causo or anothor 'did not seem to bo all that might havo been desired. On Tuesday Mr. Parkes left Hill End for Bathurst. The last grçat topic of conversation in mining circles ("says the THU h'ad Observer) was tho magnifi cent stone from Beyers ami Holtermann's claim, and deposi ted in the bank on Saturday luBt. It eclipses overything previously unearthed. From ICrohinann's, too, stone of the usual grarrd quality is being brought up. Creighton, Hickson, and Beard's Amalgamated Company are crushing again at Pullen and Rawsthorno's machine. They ar« certainly mar vellously rapid in their movements, for hardly is ono crush ing of 300 tons over than another takes place. The prospects of Paxton and Holman are Improving, as much richer stone is being found. Kapp's continue to sink in the vein lately cut; and Carroll ami Beard, Brown, Hurloy, and Moore, Cock, Attwood, and Dwyer, Rampant Lion, &c;, are all busy raising stone, or otherwise striving to develop the resources of their respectivo claims. The Cosmopolitan Company, on Croidon Gully, are now crushing a lot ol' stone-180 tons-at Vlekery's machine. The mill started to work upon it on Saturday last, and no doubt tho return will bu satisfactory. lt is n small company (capita! ,C300i» only), so that an inferior crushing will pay a decent dividend. Tho public reception of Mr. Parkes at Orange was apparently a very spirited affair. Ho visited the Luck now mines on his way, and was mel. there by a cavalcado ol' gentlemen, who escorted hin into Orange. On arrival there hu was entertained ut a publie Iuncheun, and on Thursday morning received au address (Vom tho Municipal Council iii Ibu Conrl -hoirie. Tin; onnipiiincntary supper tool; place m thu Masonic Hull on Wednesday evening, und was Kiihsfcuu tially and tastefully provided, and well-attended. At. least lifty gentlemen assembled to meet the Premier. Tho chair was occupied by his Worship thc Mayor, who hud on his right the guest ol the evening, and on Iiis left, ti e hon. mem ber for Orange. .T. T. Laue, Esq., P.M., acted us vice-chair man. Grace was said by the Kev. J. A. Stuart. Thesuli Htar'la" portion ol' t.'i entertainment having been concluded, the '.mr.w /oyal toast*, including tho Queen, the Prince and Princess of Wales, un t ho Royal family, and the Governor, were given (rom tho e M ir and duly honoured. In reply to tho toast, of "Our Criitt," Mr. Parkes made an effective speech, which was well -eceived by the company. In the course of his visit Mr. P.n ko* laid belove n deputation a map nf thc railway survey l>el . cen Bathurst und Orange. The rout« dcuntod leaves Hal. urst by the Vale-road, makes II detour, und posses within few 'miles of Blayney, close to * NI Lucknow, rendering it aisily nviiilublo from Pretty Plains and adjacent places, and enters Orange by End»leigh. A return showing thc cost of the general election of 1872, and showing also the cost in tho case of each electorate, has been printed by order of tho Assembly. It is premised that the cost is only'known so far as cali be ascer tained from accounts received to 3rd August:-Balranald, Lil 3s dd; Bathurst, L27 19s 8d; tho Bogati, LOS I ls ; Braid; wood, L59 ls ; Camden, L89 15s4d ; Canterbury, L228 lös 3d -, Carcoar, L30 -ls Od; tho Clarence, L50 12s 9d ; Central Cumberland, LIP); Eden, L73 Os 6d; tho Glebe, L3S Ms lld; tho Gwydir, L137 8s lOd; Hartley, L03 19s lld ; tho Hastings, L109 13s ld ; tho Hawkesbury, L121 14s Bel: tho Hume, L425 ISs 2d ; the Hunter, Liö ISs 3d; tho Lower Hunter, L28 Os 8d; the Upper Hunter, LISO; Illawarra, LOO 8s 4d ; Kiama, L10; tho Lachlan, 1129 10s Od; Liverpool Plains, L77 ISaCd: East Macquarie, L178 15s; West Macquarie, L'34 6s; West Maitland, L2l3 5s ld ; Monaro, L74 15s ; Morpeth, Lil 7s 4d ; Mudgee, L414 2s 5d ; the Murray, L7 18s 0(1 ; Narellan, L27 12s 3d ; tho Nepean, LBÖ 15s; New castle, L50 13s fd ; Now «England, L103 10s 6d ; Newtown' Lri5 3s; Northumberland, L70 1«; Orange, LSO 10s 7d ; Pad dington, L82 19s Od ; Parramatta, Lil 3s 8d ; the Paterson, L21 12s ; Patrick's Plains; LOÓ 2s Sd ; Quean beyan, LOO 7s ; St. Leonards, LSO 18s 5d; Shoal haven, LÜ3 17s 8d; East Sydney, L18Ö 3s 2d; Wes Sydney, Ll 17 4s ; Tenterfield, L63 Hs Od ; tho Tumut, L52 5s ; tho Williams, L86 10s 9d; Windsor, L12 8s lOd ; Wollombi, Lf)0 12s0d; Yass Plains, L7 8s; Gotd-Iiclds South. L104 17s ; Gold-fields West, L132 Ms 7d ; Gold-Holds North, LOO l(is8d ; ballot-boxes for service generally, L142 13s; printing, L29 ls 8d ; total, LG019 13s 9d. At twenty minutes to twelve on Saturday night tho lire bells of the city rang out an alarm, and looking in tho direction where the glare of tho Hames was apparent, considerable consternation wiis created. It. was found ow going tothespot, that the livery stables of Mr, IlobertlCeiit.op poslte-.the Post-ollice Hotel, in York-street, were on lire; and looking to the fact that the premises were y.inc-roofed weather board buildings necessarily containing a considerable stock of horse fodder, and that there were a number of horses and buggies on the establishment, ai.(l that the place was in thc immediate contiguity of several large blocks of build ings having frontaees to one of thc best, parts of Gcorgc strect, lt can bo easily understood that serious appréhension» ' would bo engendered. It seems, however, on inquiry that .when the eonllagratloii broke out, Mr. J. Collins, a member of No 2 Volunteer Fire Company, was in George-street, op posite the Telegraph Office, and saw the reflection of the Hames, lie sent np ii cab to Mr. Superintendent Cami), who took a hydrant, Collina meantime' fetching a stand for the same. When they reached the spot the lire had begun to spread rapidly, ' but they got the lire completely under belbre the engines f whose services were not required/""" arrived. One of theso began to play, lint it was clearly nothing but a waste of water and labour power Considerable difficulty was oxperienced bj' the neighbours in driving out the horses that were stable) there for the night. One horse in partioiilur, tho well known property of Mr. Gustavus ; Gabriel, tho dental surgeon, of Wyiiyard-squuru, was not rescued until Iiis tail and mano were in ablaze, and he_\ya» also burned so severely about thoeyosas to render it n positive act of humanity to slioot him out of his misery. A valuable: mare, the property of Mr. Tidswell, of the Great Britain Hotel, George-street, was not released until her mano wnw singed, mid thc clothing nearly all burned oil'her back. A few minutes after the firemen arrived tile roof fell in, and shortly alter all danger was obviated. Australian wines are now attracting real attention in London, and our vignerons may look forward with perfect confidence to a goon market for their produc tions. Thc Financier, writing on the subject, says:-"It is with great satisfaction that wo notice introduction into this country ot the wines of Australia, and observo that the prejudice which lias been solong maintained against them ls being gradually overcome. And, forasmuch as tlíe grape attains to a higher perfection in Australia than in any other wine-producing country, we seo no reason why its wines should not equal, if not excel, tho produce of tl'io European vineyards. We believe wc aro correct in stating that Aus tralian wines of various classes aro now being specially imported, and, in the words ol' a contemporary 'both demand and supply are increasing beyond tho most sanguina calcula tions.'" Thu Medical Times and Gazette makes the following favourable report upon some snmplesof South Australian and Sydney wines:-"Ol'the Australian wines at present on salo in Loudon, we know three stocks ; one is the Tintara, fruin South Australia, grown by our confrere Br. A. C. Kelly. The» next is the Bukkulla, red'and white, which aro amongst the manj' kinds of wine cultivated bj' Mr. ,Tolm Wyndham, of Sydnej', New South Wales. A Frenchman who visited usn short time ago pronounced tho white Bukkulla simply perfect-a wilie of exquisite finish ; tho red is a good stout, full-bodied, nutritious wino, Again, whoever has ussisted at a wedding at St. George's, Hanover-square, maj' remember a small street at. tho hack called Mill-street, once limions for an oyster shop (in tho days when oysters yet existed;, and ii place where tho race of ilunkej's imbibed thespirituoiis whilst, their betters were drinking in the spiritual. In that street is the Auldana oflice for tile salo ol' tho wines of Mr. Patrick Auld, from lils vineyard in South Australia. Some of the white muscatel auldana is truly superb, and in thc fulness of its flavour reminds one of the old drj' ruszter. Thc red or ruby auldana is a very lino wine ; well matured, generous, not Uko claret, of which j-ou should drink a bottle, but lolling in a single glass- albeit, a wiso niau will empty a bottle, if ho has a friend to help him. Wo maj' say that lill theso Austra lian wines are at prices much below their merits." A very instructive lecture was delivered in St. Milly's Seminary, on Monday, bj' thc Bcv. Dr. Barsantl, upon the infallability of thc Pope. There was a very largo attendance, and the rev. lecturer was verj* warmly cheered during the progress of his remarks. The chair was occupied bj' tho Very Kev. Archdeacon Kignej', in tho place of tho Archbishop, who was unavoidably absent. Tho Hov, lecturer in his introductory observations, rcmuitked that it, was not Iiis intention to enter upon the controversial points in the dogma of infallibility; but simply to explain what tile infallibility real I j' was ¡'and bc imped that they would look niKin him in tho character of n clergyman rather than asa lecturer. He .submitted Unit the question upon which lie was about to enter was a vast one. In order to give lils hearers a correct idea of it it would be necessarj' for him to givo a brief explanation ol' its definition. In the first place, it should bo borne in mind that pupal liifallibilitj' did not imply tho personal infallibility ol' tho Pope himself. Manj' persons thought such was tho case, but it was not really so. The Pope is es|»cciallj' favoured by God to discharge his duties well, but for all that, he is a child of error and is as liable to tempta tion mid sin as other people aro. Like other men lie lias to confess his sins to a priest and receive from his bauds absolu tion of his sins. Before receiving thc biassed sacrament, beforo receiving Christ, of whom ho is tho vicar and represen tativo on earth, tho Pope bas to make a public confession and cry " I am not worthy that, thou shoiildst enter under mj' roof." So that papal infallibility does not mean the personal infalli bility, or tile immunity from sin of tho Pope himself. Secondlj', papal iilfallibilitj' is not the unmistiikcubleness of the Pope in the arrangement of his privafo allah's, as a private man; for in that respect ho is as liable to err as aiij> other man, Again, Papal Infallibility is riot as somo people imagine, a Divine inspiration or a Divine revelation such as that possessed bj' tho prophets and evangelists. The real definition ol' the Papal iiiliillibllity. tukeii in its theological sense, wau nothing else than tho Divino assistance of tho Holy Ghost, bj' which tho Pope, thou.'rh weak in himself, is enabled to expound fUlthfullj' the truths contained in tba Scripture, There wus not liing startling or alarming, or con trary totiiopriueiplcsof the Kunian Catholic faith in snell ri definition. Ifenec, if. would bo seen that Papal infallibility affects tho Pope, not as a private man, hut, asa public mini, in his nliicial and public, character, and although ho speaks from the magisterial chairas tho vicar of Cliist mid successor ol' Saint. Peter, he derives his glorious prerogative from tile promises of Christ, made to the Church and to St. Peter. lu thc long und glorious lino of the lionnm Pontiffs, out nf ¡¿nu, scarcely live or six aro to bc found ol'those who lived lu thu duri; . 'gea. whose diameter ai private mon was perfect ; but, n > one could say th.it- those »cry Popes of that, time attempted tu alter anything in tim Christian faith in order tu justify their own 'conduct. Thc l'o|Kj says, in Iiis decree, thal tho Kunian Pout lil", through divine assistance, signified thal, the Papal liifallibilitj'was secured to tho people, not on his merits or gund qualities, but. simply bv relying upon the promises ol'Christ, niudo to St. Peter." Tile Papal inf'allibilitj'was one (d' Um main constituent* ol'tho Church of Christ. Hence, if tho Church bo infallible, its head must also lie so ; and that, wus «lie reason why Pius IX. defined the dogma of tho Papal inl'ullibUiij' to be thc infallibility ol' t he Church. The reverend lecturer spoke willi great warmth ihr upwards of un hour und a half, ut tho conclusion nf which tie wan euthusiusr.icill.y applauded. A vote nf thanks to Hie lecturer, proposed hy Mr. Hurley, and seconded by Mr. Flanagan, brought thc meeting lo i; termiualiou shortly after HI o clock, Í 