GHOSTS. (P-om the Examiner) A ghost has always something AEschylean about its history. It has murdered somebody, or it has been murdered by somebody, orit has been buried without Christian burial, or it has itself buried a large sum of money, or a title-deed, or some other valuable piece of portable property. It is clear then that, as a ghost is always conneeted with something or other which lsin family parlanee "unpleasant"' its existence will natn rally be kept a secret for several generations. Par eesr families which have ghoets of their owne-if thtere be any sueh-wrap their sayings and doings in a pmro found mystery. To have a grandfather who was hang for murder is not exactly comme itfaut. But to hare had an amcester or ancestors who nommitted some abominable crime in the times of the Roses iaj as family distinetions go, rather a credit than otherwise. It is not strange, then, that-as our old families dii ont-our old ghosts become as rare and as far betweei as are bottles of crusted 1847 pert. Nor is this all. Like human beings, ghosts hbvr their fanoies and peculiarities. Like cats, they prefer places to persons, or even to families. The ghost of Mr. William Weare used to haunt Lyon's Inn before it was pulled down. A highly respeotable and very well-connected ghost used to dwell in Oheyne-walk be fore Mr. Carlyle took t liviging in Oheyne.maw. Ghose have been heard of .io Holywell-street, in St. Mary Axe, in Hog-lanme, and in the old houses on the susth aide of Holborn. There is, indeed, a manifest prom prietyin this. In a new house in a new street in a new quarter of the town, aghost would be not so moch inconrenient or useless aa inooongruous. A ghost in lelgranve-square would feel in a moment that he was ontof all keeping with his surroundings, and was little better than a buffoon. But aghost in the Temple. would be quite en rapport with his eurroundings. And we have heard it both rumoured and denied that'the ghost of Thurlow-a ghost well worthy of life-is often heard ewearing dreadfully at midnight as it gropes its way up a very crooked and dark corner stairas to Thurlow's old canmbers in the north- went angle of Pump-court. Other causes for the decay of ghosts might be al leged by the curious, qui subtllius hao quam aceeratid inquireut. We believe, however, that, with old families and old houses, ghosts also are doomed to extinction, and that no further reason is needed for their disappearance. For to the theory that they no longer appear bemcause people no longer believe in them, we attach no manner of importancs; nosr can we for a moment attempt to transfer to ghosts all the elegant fancies which Mr. Lecky has shed around the subject of miracles. In the rset place, any one who will take the trouble to inveotigete a really genuine ghostsltory-sueh as tlhat told by Mrs. Rose Churoh in ITarper's Wleekly of December, 1870-will find that the ghost always makes a point of appearing to unbelievers, and very rarely indeed condeseends to show himself to thle faithful. Captain Marryat, to whom the "Lady of Blurnham Green" exhibited hIer self, first laughed at the spectre, and then tooks pot-shot at it at a couple of yards with a good pistol. But the captain did not laugh when his bullet went through the impalabla ledy, and hit the bedroom door. Nor ought we to laugh at a story which, as Mrs. Iuess Church telle it us herself, is obviously free from any suspicion of exaggeration. We hare, then, no right to assume the major premises, that no ghost everor reveals hinmself to an unbeliever, inasmuch as all experineoe contradiet, it. And still less ought we to assume the minor premieso that, ana':rule, people nlowadayedonot believe in ghosts. Peoplewhobelieve in spiritualism, who go to look at pictures of the Deity drawn by Miss Houghton's hand under spiritual guidance, who hold it as a fait accompeli that MIr. Home floata in the sir, and that Mrs. Guppy comes plump through a fireproof ceiling, who summon up tIhe gbosts of Confucius, Bacon, and Shakespeare, and who soberly write and who soberly read terrible non sense about "peychiea force," or still more terrible nonseanse about " unconscious eerebration,"-people suah as these would believe in anything, and cer tainly have no right to disbelieve in ghosts. How far it is possible that ghosts have taken ofence at the insults offered them by Professor Pepper is another oands difficult question. No man likes to be told that as good a man as himself can be cut out of a forked radish; and so, too, possibly, no ghost may care to know that as good a ghost as iiself can be produced with a magio lantern, a lime-light, and a couple of big polished saucepan-lids. It is much to be wiashed that the spiritswsreequallysensitive. The fact thatprofle sional conjurors can produce flowereout ofa hat quito as quickly as Mrs. Guppy can produce them in a dark room; that spiritdrawings, and spirit writings and spi rit rappinga can be "manifested" by people who arenot mediums at all, but merely vulgar jugglers; all this does not appear to shame the spirits in the least. It wase cer tainly a bad day for the more respectable ghosts when the more needy and insolvent of tlhefraternity got into the hands of mediums, and begun to make their sap pearance as spirite. Were we, some dark night n Gray's Inn, to catch the ghosts of Burghley, Bacon, Bradshaw, and Soutbey solemnly playing " whisk and swsbbers," we should marvel greatly, perhaps. But we should none the less feel that there was nothing in a dignified game of whist at all unworthy of such venerable shades. It is when the ghost of Bascon follows Mrs. Guppy about like a tame poodle, or when Lord Burghley makes a fool of himself with a loo-table in Osmden Town, that we begin to see why it is that reapectable ghostsareashamed of their calling. When apiritualism is at an end, then, and not, we fear, till tbhen, will:our good old ghosts come back and begin to deo something more than to knock up a rich widow in tbhe dead of the night to warn her not to mirry a shoen maker. 