SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME. By Grey Coura. LONDON, Aug. 9. Between Ascot and Goodwood the racine in i .^e2;uE5f,*ud"', ■»»•«•«» iSZSE h!v riu te exception of the July Meeting. behind the Ditch, at Newmarket; moJtS ' S /18811 Maded briefly to those I the wSvef°n •mee^Ilg8 that were held in week following the re-union at head ridSS58' ^ here wereno Passing in I deSt Mve and except the if r v ^heri Victor by Indian Oceania j the Liverpool Cup, which mishap, if it could be so called, served rather to strengthen his Cu£for the Goodwood Cup and not without reason, for it was a great task to ask him to give a year and 201b. to ahorae that, although he does not very bablvrai0 toejadge'e eye first, yet has pro naltSh ^C°n l^,?O0(lc0mPany °f toner than most of his age. There was racing going on ton wf Yf 8t. Sntton*Park, Southamp. ton Worcester, and Alexandni-park ; at the latter place of amusement (for sport it can to be revived under the most favon«wI circumstances, fora large sum of money was »M Uid ont, th. ^EaiHilSS tauTuS < mS jts sszt&jttjs;:' £3^pXTSSBf%5,"S JSS tor a feg Ss^aaar saSS8?* j^Mass^SSS resource to obtain coin »h««SLJn, * only T^nlLit^aT dec,d1ed ."I*"1- NodoubltS Wwassfawsaaa msg'M *** rato' should the burlesoue be repeated, may we not be the™9?® a^la&'WwS! s&psra;&r; a i&SSftS; wood, lbe list of horses strnck oat of tUr engagements at the ducal paifc wL l &• shortl^fo^li i™ 'broogb her . name ! ibnJfti ^®;.on following day.;! screak-down was said to be the cause, and podSo „S other01 >L or R wban Goodwood or its Elfti.wa8 reacbe<l on Monday^e^iS Spenmthorne was a firm firet fa" ourite fof m^!frrKl^ht lo°g'Bnd culminated hn?»ho^ «? »weday with a storm, short away ^nd Srti S, h ^.clouds cleared ihnnL^T « ^2 exception of distant (Dunder and a few flashes of lishtnfmr inn* enonRh to keep up the excitement, theatter^ ^aF™≠' The reoent h^vydo^Sr rotmii W^^be going holding, and gggg^iS* when Vulcan walked over far tie'IS "Sr. AJaric. on w&om; ESti!?8 winner in rrr"7 wnom backers commenced wn Aianc. on tthnm ka«w7-7® 1U was beaten afvmv n^)" 52?®* time-honoured stakes ^he^rat^r^vl S2ftiiwI?d*d,Btt™efcM SSiviog 5S5HFvW2i$£ 25SffinM miMti£^f^«£a?2®S? «fw some 40 « rA^MSXA'SX been made a great favourite as ebon as thA . weights appeared, but was not liked whan | seen, andAsh field reigned in her stead. Nona of these, however, were conspicuous after th£ for °«nian, who, by the eued the same tactics last year—not «» I successfully, however—rushed to the front, and, having bis held settled before they hod "i*.W0D ia 8 canter by five lengths ; Blenheim was second. Landmark third, and the other 25 might jast as well bare stayed m their stables. Four out of the p subscribers to The Lavant Stakes had the , temerity to oppose the flying Cautiniere but I never tod a ghost of a chance with her ^ any Part of the race, as she won ia a and^Pour hiliengfcItr;- SUvJ?r Rin* was «ecoud, King George, and Bagusa goTihe^rv.6'6; TheFloweroflK 5raV ,f oJ pf her four opponents in The BISSr st^kea; and Field Marshal and Ripponden alone were stripped for The ™?f*k',®kke8, over the long Qneen's Plato W0r-e>d Rous Stak^wffsfci^Jd'Sf n tho mond, the end of the fw j .Wltil arrivedat. The weather £ widLSui a vast improvement to the «tnrmo PS I recently been treated to we had m^U & apleodonrTand tSX3 dust was again triumphant. Them were nine races on the card, but two oftw were walked over for, and the fields others, with the exception of the «M«!i resistance, the Goodwood Stakes, wem^.S in the extreme, indeed a noonw 1 wold scarcely be imagined^the paucity ttffchf on the lawn appeared to enjoy themilS H& °leIthe two *»* evenSSLS ingroom Stakes, although shomoflte ite attractions by the Mn?oatTc« |morne, first claims our notice. PrSl Rnff^jW*sJ0?posed by Bathual Greenand Bastard, and although the "roarer" hiui o SuT penalty, the ground a little holding tJd tfc b t^f°°e m,e and a quarter™ afd to b?S ®. too far, yet his admirers IaiH 9 t . , him with much gusto Md wi*hLeiL0a extended he won Sai%JS? bv half a lflfe *22*3 ve^fit'SS Cnhh:a^Bu8tar? was heaten a long way Uobham threw down the eaantW tn .k. unbeaten Cantiniere in the Findon Stakes, on whom the talent laid 100 to 8 andtbE beto? «LJdeftdearl,"boaghfc Pieces without A3fflZKty npon the l®9alt son «rw= ^„ l l brel for a sweepstakes of ™. eevs. each gave ample time for tha weighing-ont and parade of the ifi ««««? for the Goodwood Stakes, for which thorne still remained firm at the head of the quotations, although an objecE mS« against bis being allowed to start—his tr&iaer; being supposed to be in default-and wS "TJ10™ mi*> to the stewards and oveV hs!^ rh?fl? ?®nt him back to 5 to 1; oetore the flag fell, however, he had regained bu„red Phwe, and was backed forTBSS «»uld be got on at 5 to 2 and 2 to 1. Kinecraft was second favourite, and 10 tollnd onger odds conld be obtained about anyrf the others. At the first *u sped on their way; and in two lines the **»» j?ay h® told. Spennithorne lay well in front throughout, and eventually won wK SSd bit up his sleeve, by three clear lengths from Richmond, two lengths in front of Kingcraft, who secured the heavy bets that had bam ™adf ^.n hi® for a situation. The Irish mare, Finesse, was going voir well when aha ddMftSMMitod \not beea for tb» Bc~ Ih^ninn!?^ "j fight possibly have had his colonrs lowered, as Cannon, who rod* her, made sure of winning at the time, rt is worthy of remark that last year TambJL Northumberland Pteto Ind Go«P wood Stakes, as Spennithorne has succeeded % fcg ttu/' DS°e(lual were The c^S Mflid of Perth And YbtkshivA ftnWati supposed to be for the oSStSi Jj*at, fbe betting was returned as even^ the horse made play to the beginning ofth^ new ground, where Maid of firfch^w S? . fl?'^after a very , good race, won cleverly & three-quarters of a length. ThT RnSnZ ®ramm°nd, and a lben ail again werelmmewS boMd. The racing on the Cnp day was* decided improvement npon that of its radf weather again most splendid, "£d f. jargCf crowd, both in andoufc ?ld® 'be stand and enclosure, than had emr been seen at Goodwood i»H snemfalsd^i o»dtfcto^ Frwce of Wales, whose second visit flIn-racecoa(^e this was since his recent reception was m0st warm, and fan Appeared much gratified thereat. The fchiid °f the ;Twentieth Bentinck Memorial Stakes, which had been won intwo roorasMv» ! £n^§! °f tb® Forest; was4fae.fii8teat» thaSo*<^?' *n?' f8 renditions lay down < WlOBMcent of the whole stoke is. tohe fnn?aUjr to form, a S fort£ ; of plate to be giyen to the KW. -1.Wln^ three years in snccassion, Mr..; fn?^f ohampon (who appeared in public for toe. first, time since he won the nnrrnmt htot last year, haying broken down badly tn ■ m off fore leg in his St. Leger rnynrorinm^ wajrbrpught^o the post af^sSltEiS1 Tmic^^^hS' i1*8- ^ oPPCoeat heinc ' 2 '^.whose shmng powers arelwK yerwal. She made the best use of thw {omethuag like 760 sovsT of peroeSKa anrf 8'*k®e,j RothwsreawS^towton j WM At h«t feared that h^rss&9i fe?. Sf ar0r^?B® ^ttShwsed them to the tredit of Mr. Bowes. Theodores; who inn jnadesucji apot for thfl - t cupatA^T when it boiled ever, won the Visitors' Sal ■hanks to httte Newhosse, by a head from he much landed Tocsin, much to the chagrin > ^dqu^dami>°kr »bo hadl££c laaertM him. Bethnal . Green walked >ver for the Racing Stakes! and too n "T6SS^wfmune on the oard, he ran in Losd LtmSSSS R not be^genereEknSSSttoh 9*Ptoin Machdl had bou^ht the oo&Sn; dapuin Maohell had bought the odt the evening before for 4,000 goineas and retold him shortly afterwardr at a monkey pn^it He is a gooddooking odk no doabt bht hti main head does not give one the idea>qi i Derby horse, for whidr raoe he ts now fiis kvourito. 1%e raoe of the xaestiug, tfai Goodwood Cop. was next set for deoiiion, fo which Favoniua (Meidcawt); Albeit Victo (T. French), Verdnre (T. Jenning*. juo.). Bar ford (G. Fordhaui), and Both well (J. Oiborne) ran; and, according to Aacos form, Albert Victor wa.« most entitled to favoar, which he obtained, 7 to 4 being taken abont him, 2 to 1 being laid agst Favonius, 100 to 30 agst Bar ford, and 10 to 1 agst Bothwell; Verdnre, who went to make running for Harford, having no price in the iiDg. There is little to be said respecting the race itself, for as soon as Mard ment called on Favonins he quietly lefc the others and won in a canter by 10 lengths from Albert Victor, who was the like distance be fore Verdnre; Barford was next, and Bothwell last The result appeared to astoand every body, and well it might, for public ronning was never more upset. Last year, in the' Newmarket Biennial Stakes, Albert Victor beat Favonins (then the Zephyr colt) by a head ; in the Derby the latter had bis revenge upon his conqueror, and they met no more, the only race that gave any line to their respective merits being the Cambridge shire, wherein Sterling met Favonius at even weights, Sat. 111b. each, when Sterling was second, and the Derby winner nowhere; this year at Ascot, in the Gold Vase, Albert Victor beat Sterling at even weights ; and in the Alexandra Plate,receiving 51b. from Favonins, he ran second to Mnsket, Favonins finishing many and many a length behind, almost if not the actual last. How was the latter, then, to give Albert an additional 21b. and beat him at Goodwood? Indeed, we might well ask, how? It may be the glorious uncertainty of the turf, or it may be, as in little Dombey's song of the wild waves, "something greater far." The Cnp being won, the luncheon baskets were attacked, and other cups (let as hope with less b&nefal; after effects) quickly disposed of; daring and after which happy hoar of " tiffin" Silver Ring won the Twenty second Bentinck Memorial Stakes; Chesnut won the Chichester Stakes, after a very close shave with Gossip, Anton being a good third, and fonrteen others behind them; Proto martyr floored the odds laid on Patriarch for the Twenty-first Bentinck Memorial Stakes, and Highland Fling and Catherine having walked over for the Zetland Stakes and a sweepstakes respectively, the great Goodwood Cap day was ended at last The coarse, which had been drying fast and becoming good going, was again made ex tremely heavy for the concluding day's sport by a terrific thunderstorm, and the torrents of rain that accompanied it early on Friday morning. Maid of Kent repeated her previous success, and in lowering Madge Wildfire's colours dashed to the ground the hopes of her infatuated backers for the Leger. The Queen's Plate, which came next treated us to almost as great a surprise as the Goodwood Cap; four ran, via, Corisande, Dutch Skater, Savoir Faire. and Tortoise, bat with the two first alone we have to do. At Ascot, in the Qaeen's Plate, the Skater was favourite, bat Corisande won; consequently, here, having 21b. the best of the weights (as had also Albert Victor in his race, cnrionsly enough), the baron's mare was jumped upon as a real good thing, bat instead of waiting upon Datch Skater, by following which tactics she conld not possibly have lost, she raced round the far dump with Tortoise, and then positively made the running to the distance, where Dutch Skater caught her, passed her half way up, and won easily by three quarters of a length. The Chesterfield Cap was the most interesting event of the day. for which 20 ran, and Prince Charlie was made favourite; but, although be ran as game as a pebble, the wmght, in the heavy ground, told its tale, and he was beaten by N apolitain, to whom he gave 251b,, and by Lucy Sutton, to whom he conceded 271h. (both being of his own year), the former of whom, he it remembered, was a good third for the Chester Cnp, and the Lucy Sutton party thought this race all over but the shouting; it was a performance, however, that must not be lost sight of (being quite as creditable as Sterling's in the self-same race last year), and which speedily brought him to the position of first favourite for the St Lager, a race which now looks almost at his mercy, for roarer though he be, the field that will be pitted against him on Doncaster Town Mora will be such a rotten one that he will have little to do bat to writ upon them, and then his tremendous speed is sure to bring him home. Queen's Proctor beat the favourite, Celibacy, after an exdtingrace for the March Stakes, seven others running; Window, who was backed for the Derby, but who met with an accident—bring kicked In the stable the day before—won die Goodwood Corinthian Plate (a new race), beating Contraband by a head, and 14 others easily. Ragnsa won the Strafford Stakes, materially altering the form die displayed on Tuesday, when she was the actual test in the Lavant; and Ella, the favourite, having won the Duke of Rich mond's Plate, Goodwood, 1872, was past and From the ducal park and the pretty neigh bouring sea-side villages to Brighton is but a step, and to Loniaa-euper-mare on Satur day and Monday all the raring world mi grated. There was a race meeting held at Ctaydonon Monday, the bank holiday, bat it was of importance only to the lessees of the course, and to them it could not have been a very profitable speculation, for nun foil heavily au day long, and the gate-money ddllhiga were few and far between. At Brighton, on Tuesday, the race hill was tmnsually crowded; the weather had frfa™ • tun for the better, the raring was good, and the fields larger than at Goodwood, but the events derided had nothing to do with futurity, and may be passed Over with few remarks. Proto-martyr showed he could stay, and won the principal race, the Brighton Stakes, and Chancellor won both two year-old events. On Wednesday good ■sort was again provided, although only twee two of wbfoh, Barford and Verdure, in -the same interest—ran for the Can Albert WiotorjMing their only opponent; 6 to 5 was laid on him, 9 to 4 against Verdure. and 6 to l egit Barford. They cantered:ter' mere titan -a mile, whfcriAlbert Victor took, Ml thp rnitwlnp ifWiw yimiiitarfnafl the lead to-the end, although Ire was nearly caught on thepoet by Barioro, who was only defeated an shorthead, and was actually first a depast tbe chair. Drummondbeat Bank atototiitte Faraday) and Perfume for the Sussex-Cnft and was afterwards backed at Ifiutoil^lor the Bfc Leger, for which raoe OmanV Mewa^r^pearB ^ oompletely gone, The -sale of the Middle-park stud, which occupied four days jn the week' preceding Goodwood,, will long to remembered, not orfrasthelaigestever known; batasaproof ttak although taring is said to to going to thedoga, our thoroughbred stook deteriora ting; ottnationtisporidegtopratiiig into simple gambling, goodjudgment ana well- 1 directed enterprise are sure to command suboess.'A few, a very few yearsago, the founder Of this vast establishment, whiriihas near toed mattered to the font quarters of the globe, ridding at Dalston, in the north cfd<Dadon, irae tbecwner cf a tingle brood: msre, GUnoeandshe Waathe nucleus of the' great stud afterwards formed—the labour of love; the wsplt of toe indomitable perseve- < iaW^Wman,.wlresename, will to handed .down -to.;posterity,' honoured wherever the thoroughbred none is jdatiL On the find day, 60 mares—18 with foals, and 32 without—and 16 foals, sold I separately, realised 17,075 guineas, the highest prices being obtained for Bess Lyon, the dam of Gamos, &c.;, and Crinon, each of whom fetched 1,000 guineas, and Coimbra. who was knocked down for 1,550 guineas, and whose oolt foal by Blair Athol, just six months old, went for 530 guineas, all these being bought by the Stud Company, recently floated with the intention of taking the place of the Middle-park establishment. On the second day the total receipts amounted to 16,170 guineas; the highest price being given for Isilia, bought by Mr. Bay, an officer in the 2nd Life Guards ; Gratitude, purchased for the Imperial stud of Khisber, being the next highest at 1,000 guineas; and 16,740 guineas was Thursday's total; Papoose 1,600 guineas, and Margery Daw, 1,200 guineas, being the top lots, both going to the new Stnd Company's farm at Cobham; their foals also, at 200 guineas and 550 guineas (the highest price ever paid for a foal) re spectively, go with them. Friday, the con cluding day of the sale, however, quite eclipsed the other three, for the sum total for brood mares and foals amounted to 17,770 guineas, while the dozen stallions went for 34,720 guineas. Of the mares, Tonstall Maid, with her foal by Blair Athol, fetched just four figures; and Seclusion (Hermit's dam), amidst the greatest applause, was knocked down to Mr. T. E. Walker at 2,500 guineas, the largest sum ever paid for a brood mare; and her filly foal, by Blair Athol, was knocked down to the same gentleman at 420 guineas. When the time for the stallions to be brought to the hammer had arrived, there could not have been many short of 9,000 people present, all of whom appeared to take great interest in the proceedings. Amsterdam having been sold for 400 guineas, Blair Athol was paraded in the ring, and the scene which followed baffies all description. There was a moment's pause after he had been led up to Mr. Tattersall's rostrum, when three bids of 5,000 guineas each, offered simul taneously, were followed by advances of 1,000 guineas each in quick succession until 8,000 guineas had been reached, when Mr. Coupland, the master of The Quorn, jumped to 10,000 guineas at once, amidst much cheer ing. From this point the battle was fought out in smaller sums until 12,500 guineas was bid, when the hammer fell to Mr. Conpland's nod, who bought him for the new Stud Company. Breadalbane, own brother to Blair Athol, was sold for 6,000 guineas; and Gladiateur, for whom Mr. Blenkiron gave 5,800 guineas at Count de Lagrange's sale, fetched 7,000 guineas. Mandrake and Saun terer made 2,100 guineas each; Victorious, - ] 2,000 guineas (since sold at a good profit to go abroad), and the others went at small prices The whole amount, then, realised by the sale of this gigantic establishment, including 101 yearlings sold at the regular sales in J une and July, amounted to upwards of £130,000. The Royal Yacht Squadron Regatta, at Cowes, is also being held this week, and pro pitious breezes have been the rule. The Prince of Wales was on board The Arrow in the race for Her Majesty^ Cup, which was sailed for by The Shamrock, Egeria, Harlequin, Arrow, Shark, Kriemhilda, Day Dream, and Jnliet, and was won again by the Egeria, notwithstanding her penalty, in the shortest time on record—between 50 and 60 miles considerably under four hours. The new game," Polo," is gaining numerous admirers every day, and before next season it is confidently expected that a "polo" club will be established; some being in favour of Hurlingham, where a little dove-slaying can be introduced as a contrast, while a new ground further afield is also spoken of. At present the game has been confined to the officers of the 9th Lancers, and the 2nd Life Guards and the Blues, and their tilting grounds have been at Woolwich, Hyde, and Windsor parks, whither vast multitudes have flocked and been apparently highly delighted, and much puzzled. When fairly established and properly understood, with a club of its own, "polo," or hockey on horse back, asit really is, willnodoubttake high rank among the games of England. It is played something after the rules of football, the dif ference being that the ball ia small, and the players are mounted on ponies and armed with long crooked stacks, with which they strike the ball. A goal is marked for each ode to endeavour to bring the ball to, and excitement, fan, and no little rough play, can be earner imagined than described. Yesterday the following 12 amateur cricketers sailed from Liverpool in the Sar mat!an, bound for CanadaMessrs. W. G. Grace, A Lubbock, C. J. Ottaway, W. H. Hadow, A N. Hornby, J. W. Dale, W. M. Rose, Hon. G. Harris, R. D. Walker, V. E. Walker, A Appleby, and R. A Fitzgerald. Their present intentions are to play matches at Ottawa, London, Toronto, Hamilton, &c.;, and they may afterwards play a few matches in America. The betting on future evente is but very limited. Corisande is supposed to be in reserve for the Ces&rewitch;, and the latest SL Leger transactions I append :— 7 to 1 agct Kfcediroftk-) 8 — 1 Drummond (tk.) 8—1 — Prinoe Charlie (tic. and off.) 12— 1 — WieUingtoniaftlc. and wanted) SO — 1 Omen's Menengec (tk. and off.) 