I A TERRIBLE TEMPTATION, I "»)" — I - J BY CHARLESREADE. I " ,V." ; ' L A. I 1 . I CHABSBR THE FOBTY-EOUBTH. — , WM feTOMBble, and atafrout two o cioetinaJd sod the foreign gent stood under Bxcnamtfiateettro dining-room window; wifo en®, over foeir ey es, neses, and months, and all man »erbif|Bfewfai implements in their pocket. AHe foreign gent prised the Shutters open with a little crowbar ; he then, with a glazier's diamond j soon cut out a small pane, inserted a cunning ; hand, and opened the window. Then Reginald gave him a leg, and he got into theroom. The agile youth followed him,; Wifchppt asght. They lighted a sort of bull's-eye, and poured Hare op«oenlretediht oil the "aaphasrd flsifc which lay the treasure of glorious old Blsfe Then fche; foreign gent produced his skeleton keys, and, after several ineffective trials. odbmH The door «fftiy, and revealed the glittering booty 1 At sightof it, theforeign gent could not pubprii »a ejaculation s Dut tne younger one clapped hit hand before his month hurriedly. The foreign gent unrolled a sort of green baize apron he had round him ; it was, in reality, a bag, Into this receptacle the pair conveyed me I piece of plate after another, with surprising dex- tenfcy, rapidity, and noiselessnesa. When it wis foil, they began to £11 the deep pockets of foffr shooting jackets. While thus employed, they hearil a rapid foot, step, and Richard Bassett opened tha door. B» was in his trousers and shirt, and had a pistol in his hand. r At sight of him Reginald uttered a cry of d& pay ; the foreign geot blew out the light. Richard Baseett, amoBg whose faults, want of personal ajurage was net one, rushed forward, and collared BegiBald. : gfnfc ljad raised the crowbar, v h defend himself, and struck him a blow on the head, that made him stagger back. The foreign gent seized this opportunity, and ran atonee te the window, and jumped at it. If Reginald had been first, be would have gone through like a cat, but the foreign gent, older and obstructed by the contents of his pockefe higgled, and stuck a few seconds in the window, That brief delay was fatal ; Bichard Bassett levelled his pistol deliberately at him, fired, and sent a ba'l through his shoulder : he fell, like a kg, upon the ground outside. Bichard then levelled another barrel at Re ginald, but he howled out for quarter, and was immediately captured, and, with the assistance of I tne crave Bessie, wno now came boldly to her | master's aid, his hands were tied behind him, and he was made prisoner, with the stolen articles in his pocket i When they were tying him, he whimpered, and , said it was only a lark ; he never meant to keep ! anything. He offered a hundred pounds down, if they -would let him off. But there wasno mercy for him, Bichard Bassett had a candle lighted, and in spected the prisoner. He lifted his crape veiLand said" Oho I" ." You see it- was only a lark," said Reginald, and j shook -in eveiy limb. Bichard Bassett smiled grimly, and said nothing. He gave Jessie Btriet orders to hold her tongue, I and she and he between them took Reginald, end ( locked him up in a small room adjoining the kitchen. j They then went to look for the other burglar. J He had emptied his pockets of all the plate, and I crawldd away. It is supposed he threw away the 'plate, either' to soften Reginald's offence, or in 1 the belief that he had received his death-wound, j and should not require silver vessels where he was going-: , I Bassett jacked up the articles, and brought them in, and told Jessie to light the, fire, and nmke him a cup of coffee. V "') He -replaced, all the plate, except foeaxtioht left in Reginald's pocket. ... ' J Then he went up-stairs, and told his wife that, btngfors had brokfen into the house, brit? km taken nothing ; she wasrto give herself no anxiety He told her no more than this, for his dark and cruel naturefaaddreatooiod idea hejficl not careto cppMBuuipate to her, op accounfcof tow | strong opposition beforesa w from so good a Chip- i fcian : betides, offete, since bear- danghteroame I home to back her, she had spoken her mmdwioro than once. . " -j/"!' Hekepther then in the dark, and went down- \ stairB again te his coffee. f He sat and sipped it, and, wifo it, bis Cftmtlg I vengeance. ; /' v jj All the defeats and mortifications ho bad en 1 dareffrom SksteNomte returned to - bis mnd|T 1 and now, with one master- stroke, he would baiMms | themalL « / ' 1 Yet he felt a little compunction. . Active hostilities hadceased, for many years, f Lady Bassett, at all events, bad held out foe hand to hw wife. Thp blow, he meditated was very . cruel would not hiti wif eland daughter say it was barbarous? Would nob his own heart, foe heart of a fathef, reproaeh him afterward ? hreenfovings, that(wpuldhave restrained leeeobstioate man, irritaicd Rirhard Baaaott hir wedt in a rage, and said aloud, "I mojBfc doit: I; wifi do it, oome Whatmay." j i He told Jessie he valued her much ; ehc nhoatf 1 have ablack silk gown, for ben bentege aidff; I fideliy ; butshemati; not be fei&M; bvaabair H 8he n nothQnewoMbaff I house, that the burgferwas there tinder lock 1 ke: If she <Kd, be should 1 lousethat xawnent. \ . «. r(i,, 3 ? , /IfW l| : paid woman, f der ye thiak „ naudmy whisht, whentiremaiBter bids me fTtt, M i > . At seven o clock in the npnung he sent a ti- a . to Sir Charles Bassett, to ny that hi house had m .been attacked last night, by two anned boiflmf he and his people had oaptored one, and wubed H to take him befoge a teagisteato at oncey emce hi» H house was not a fit place to hold ium oaean >He concluded Kr (Smites would net tefoee hii| B foe twnefitof the law, however obnoxious he 1 \- Sir Charles's lip curled with contempt at foe 9 man-wfao was not nahanwd to put soj&p; doU$ cfe 9 toWever, he wfotoback a civil Ens, to eayti# 9 of course he was at 1&. Bamete 'toryio:||p" :9 wpuld be in hisjustice-Toom atnlne o'ohxA. 9 . Ifatotimc Mr. Bichard Basrett went ..fog #14 8 oonstableand an assistant ; but ©yen to 9 kreuWnotsayelywhrthewantSiW- M "„,u i rrrstrrcf--! rjJfrTius evidence, ami then reveal the eon to the jMtte managed to hqid her tongue for an hour nrtwo and nothing' occurred at Highnmre, or in Huntercombe to interfere with Riohard Bassett b , keantipie, hcfwever, something remarkable had occurred, at the distance of a mile and a quarter. Mrs. Meyrick breakfasted habitually at eight o'clock. Reginald did not appear. Mrs. Meyrick went to his room, and satisfied herself be bad not passed the night tere. . Then eke went to the foreign gent's shed. He was not there. Then she went oat, and called loudly to them both, lib answer. Then she went into the nearest meadow, to see if they were in sight. . > The first thing she saw was the foreign gent staggering towards her. " Drunk !" said she, and went . to scold him : but, when Bhe got hearer, she paw at once that I something very serious had happened.- His dark face was bloodless and awful, and he could hardly drag his limbs along ; indeed they had failed him a score of times between Highmore and that place. Just as she came up with him, he sank once more to the ground, and turned up two despairing eyes towards her. . ,,Q " Oh, Daddy ! what is it ? Where s Reginald . Whatever have they done to you ?" 41 Brandy !" groaned the wounded man. She flew into the house, and returned in a moment with a bottle. She put it to his lips. He revived, and told her all, in a few words. "The young bloke and I went to crack a crib. Fm shot with a bullet. Hide me in that loose hay there; leave me the bottle, and let nobody come nigh me. The beak will be after me very soon." Then Mrs. Meyrick, being a very strong wo man, dragged him to the haystack, and covered him with loose hay. " Now," said she, trembling, " where's my hoy ?" I M He's nabbed." I "Oh!" " And he'll be lagged, unlesB you can beg him Mary Meyrick uttered a piercing scream. " You wretch ! to tempt my boy to this. And I him with five hundred pounds in his pocket, and my lad j 's favour. Oh, why did we not keep our word with her ? She was the wisest, and our beet friend. But it is all your doing, you are the devil that tempted him, you old villain !" "Don't miscall me," said the gipsy. "Not miscall you, when you have run away, and left them to take my boy to gaol ? No word is bad enough for you, you villain." "Fm your father — and a dying man? said the old gipsy calmly, and folded his hands upon hiB breast with Oriental composure and .decency. The woman threw herself on her knees " For- I give me, father — tell me. where is he ?" "Highmore House." At that simple word, her eyes dilated with wild horror, she uttered a loud scream, and flew into the house. V In five minutes she was on her way to High- | more. I She reached that house, knocked hastily at the I door, and said she must see Mr. Richard BasBett I that moment. I " He is just gone out," said the maid. I "Whereto?" 1 The girl knew her, and began to gossip. " Why I to Huntercombe Hall. What, haven't you heard, 1 Mrs. Meyrick? Master caught a robber last night. Laws, you should have seen him : he have H got crape all over his face; and master, and the constable, and Mr. Musters, they be all gone with him to Sir Charles, for to have him committed — j the villain Why what ails the woman ?" K Tor Mary Meyrick turned her back on the speaker, and rushed away in a moment. H She went through the kitchen at Huntercombe : she was so well-known there, nobody objected : B she flew up the stairs, and into Ladv BasBett's K bedroom. « Oh my lady! my lady!" re 5 BasBett screamed, at her sudden entrance, and wild appearance. R a,Mary Meyrick told her all, in .a few wild words, m one wrung her hands with a great fear. M Its no time for that," cried Mary, fiercely. Ill „ this moment, and save him." ItS Row can If" Il«TWiU TBt lYou Bhall!" cried the other. mm t , me how. Don't sit wringing your H If yu are not there in five minutes H to «ve him, I'll tell all." Iff "Save mercy on me," cried Lady Bassett. " I H monoy' 1 8ent k"11 away- It's not my H "No matter; he must bo saved, or Fll ruin B you. I can't stay here : I must bo there, and so B must you." j 5E?hlmhe? down the Bfcairs» tried to get SB e justice-room ; but admission was refused ' H ®ave a 80rk snarl, and ran IB room rpk 8ma. room adjoining the justice- |K " ,. arou6k this she penetrated, and entered H evuwl0 ' worn, but not in time to prevent the H What t'01? Before Sir Charles. mm this mi, .P8®6 iu the meantime was briefly » tied wa« ins?ner» Bandcufied now instead of MB his assistant rTuce< between the constable and jS received m' t r waB ocked, and Sir Charles I seated him JlV V wifch s ceremoniU8 bow, seated. Begged Mr. Bassett to be 1 seatlieelf 0U' M'r Ba88ett : but did not B Rave j stood before the prisoner, and B hueee w ura 6006 ' during which, the prisoner's kewa8a'n8eent0kBOck together with terror: SaidRflUn 5anfifcforflly»butnotforfelony. IB Wniue flol JM9efcfc' " ? have a cupboard con- 1 B Jean ago T P ate. 1 i0 valuable, and some B dor, thronohv! a . Piece of catgut from the fl " Verv li , coding, to a bell at my bedside. B on my trim 6 the bell sounded. I flung B ught tw«lerB' ? ent down with a pistol. I B board.. Tar I 18 tbe act of rifling the cup- % head t0 ar one : he struck me on Cr»bar— tL & crwbar — Constable, show the Bfedat ono JX?6? ' f>ut recvered myself, and through th« I kurgiars : ke was just struggling «« ie.d r."t 0W- He feU. I thoulht hi m b»' got aWay. 1 B60ured theBotherj :HU8table «on aB was "when I took him. JhT pockets." 80 and produced therefrom mB T pUte 8tamPed ith the htre ««» confirm thi«," added Ur. to tS eriSK' ei Charles. iH ...BffW ijou,. tiffffbing-. to "It was only a lark," quavered the poor wretch.. "I would not: advise you to say that where you are going." . , . ; ... j.--. He then, while writing out the warrant, said as a matter of course, " Remove his mask." ; The constable lifted it, and started, back,, with a , shout of. dismay and surprise : Jessie screamed. Sir Chayles looked up, and saw in the burglar he was. committing for trial, his first-born, the heir to his house and his lands. The pen fell from Sir Charles's fingers, and he stared at the wan face, and wild imploring eyes that stared at him. He stared at the lad, and then put his hand to his heart, and that heart seemed to die within him. There was a silence, and a horror fell on all. Even Richard Bassett quailed at what he had done. c Ah ! cruel man ! cruel man !" moaned the broken father. " Cud judge you for this— -as now : j must judge my unhappy son. Mr. Bassett, it matters little to you what magistrate commits you, and I must keep my oath. I am — going — to 1 set you an— example, by signing a warrant — — " - " No, no, no !" cried a woman's voice, and Mary Meyrick rushed into the room. Every person there thought he knew Mary Meyrick ; yet she was like a Btranger to them now. There was that in her heart, at that awful moment, which transfigured a handsome but vulgar woman into a superior being. Her cheek was pale, her black eyes large, and her mellow voice had a magic power. <( You don't know what yon are doing," she cried. " Co no farther, oryou willall curse the hand, that harmed a hair of his head, you most of all, Richard Bassett." £ir Charles, in any ether case, would have sent her out of the room; but,- in his misery, he caught at the straw. " Speak out, woman," he said, "and save the wretched boy, if you can. I see, no way/'.. . ' " There are tbinga.it is, not fit to speak before all the world. Bid those men go, and I'll open your eyes that stay." Then Richard Bassett foresaw another triumph ; so he told the constable and his man they had better retire for a few minutes, "while," said be, with a sneer, " these wonderful revelations are being made." When they were gone, Mary turned to Richard Bassett, and said, " Why 1 do you want him sent to prison ? to spite Sir Charles here, and to stab his heart through his son." Sir Charles groaned aloud. The woman heard, and thought of many things. She flung herself on her knees, and seized his hand. "Don't you cry, my dear old master; mine is the only heart shall bleed. He is not yottb son." " What !" cried Sir Charles,. in a terrible voice. " That is no news to me," said Riohard. " He is more like the parson than Sir Charles Bassett." " For shame ! for shame 1" cried Mary Meyrick. " Ob, it becomes you to give fathers to children, when you don't know your own flesh and blood. He is youb son, Richabd Bassett.", " My son !" roared Bassett. jn utter amazement. " Ay. I sbould(know ; foe I am his motheb." This astounding statement was uttered with all the majesty of truth, and, when she said "I am his mother," the voice turned tender all in a moment. They were all paralysed ; and, absorbed in this strange revelation, did not hear a tottering feot- Btep : a woman, pale as a corpse, and, with eyes glaring large, stood amongst them all in a moment, as if a ghost had risen from the earth. It was Lady Bassett." At sight of her, Sir Charles awoke from the confusion and amazement into which Mary had thrown kim, and said, " Ah — 1 Bella, do you hear what she saysj that he is not our son ? What then, have you agreed with your servant to de ceive your husband ?'' Lady BaBsett gasped, and tried to speak : but, before the words would come, the sight , of her corpseiike face and miserable agony moved Mary ; Wells, and she snatched the words out of her mouth. " What is the use questioning her ? She knows no more than you do. I done it all : mid done it for the best. My lady's child died ; I hid that from her ; for I knew it would kill her, and keep you in a madhouse. I done for the best ; I put my live child by her side, and she knew no better. As time went on, and the boy so dark, she sus pected.; but know it she couldn't till now. My lady, l ain his mother, and there stands his cruel father ; cruel to me, and cruel to him. But don't you dare to harm him; I've got all your letters, promising me marriage : I'll take them to your wife and daughter, aud they shall know it is yonr own flesh and blood you are sending to prison. Oh, I am mad to threaten him : my darling, speak him fair ; he is your father ; iie may have a bit of nature in his heart somewhere, though ! could never find it." - _ The young man put his hands together, like an Oriental, and said "Forgive me," then sank at Richard Bassett's knees. . Charles, himself much shaken, took his wife s arm and led her, trembling liVn an aspen leaf, from the room. Perhaps the prayers of Reginald and the tears of his mother would alone have sufficed to soften Richard Bassett ; but the threat of expoBnre to hiB wife and daughter did no harm. The three soon came to terms. Reginald to be liberated, on condition of going to London by the next train, and never setting his foot in that parish again. His mother to go with him, and see him off to Australia. She solemnly pledged herself not to reveal the boy's real pa rentage to any other soul in the world. This being settled, Richard Bassett called the constable in, and said the young gentleman had satisfied him that it was a practical joke, thongh a veiy dangerous one, and he withdrew the charge of felony. The ooostable said he must have Sir Charles's authority for that. A message was sent to Sir Charles. He came. Tiie prisoner was released, and Mary Meyrick took his arm sharply, as much as to say " Out of my bauds you go no more." Before they left the room, Sir Charles, who was now master of himself, said, with deep feeling, " My poor boy, you oan never be a stranger to me. The affection of years cannot be untied in a moment. You see now -how folly glideB into crime, and crime into punishment. Take this to' heart, and never again stray from the paths of honour. Lead an honourable life : and,1 if you do, write to me as if I was still your father.1' They retired, but Richard Bassett lingered, and ' hung his head. Sir Charles wondered what this inveterate foe could have to. say now. ! At lart Ricbanl said, half sullenly, yet with a touckdf compunctionSir Charie,you bawbees more generous than I was. You have laid me -under an obligation." r; - - j ' Sir Charles bowed loftily. <<>. ' : t ' " You Weuld doable that obligation,- if you1 would prevail on Lady Bassett tb keep that oid' folly of mine secret from my wife and daughter I am truly ashamed of it ; and whatever my faults . may have been, they love and respect me" " Mr. Bassett/' said Sir Charles, my son Gomp- ton must be told that he is my heir ; but ho de tails injurious to you shall transpire : you may' count on absolute seoresy from Lady Bassett and myself." ; " Sir Charles," said Riohard Bassett, faltering for a moment, ' I am very much obliged to you, and I begin to be sorry we are enemies. Good morning." «,; _ The agitation and terror of this scene - nearly killed Lady -Bassett on the spot. She. lay all that day -in a state of utter prostration. ' < , Meantime, Sir Charles put this and that to- .gether, Jbut said nothing. He spoke cheerfully and philosophically to his .wife, said it had been a . fearful blow, terrible wrench : bat it was all for the best ; such a sdn as that would have broken his heart before long. \ " Ah, bat your wasted affections !" groaned Lady Bassett; and her tears streamed at the thought. Sir Charles eighe.d : but said after a while, "Is affection/ever entirely wasted? - My love for that' young fool enlarged my heart.: There was a time he did me a deal of good."- "'5 . ; But next day, having only herself to tbik of Jiow, Lady Bassett opuld live no longer" under the oad of deceit. She told Sir. Charles Mary Meyrick had Received him. " Read this," she said, "and see what your miserable wife has done, who loved you to madnepB and crime." Sir Charles looked at her, and saw, in her wasted form, and her face, that, if be did read it, he should kill her ; so he played the man : he re strained himself by a mighty effort, and said " My dear, excuse me ; but on this matter 'I have more faith in Mary Meyriok's exactness than in yours. Besides, I know your heart, and don't care to be told of your errors in judgment, no, not even by yourself. Sorry to offend an authoress; bat I decline to read your book, and more than that, I forbid yon the subject entirely for the next thirty years, at least. Let bygones -be bygones." . That eventful evening, Mr. Rutland called, and .proposed to Ruperta. She declined politely, but firmly. She told Mrs. Bassett ; and Mrs. Bassett fold Richard in a nervous way; but his answer sur prised her. He said he was very glad of it ; Ru perta could dobetter. Mrs. Bassett could not resist the pleasure of telling Lady Bassett. She went over on purpose! with her husband's consent. Lady Bassett asked to see Ruperta. "By all means," said Richard Bassett, gra ciously. On her return to Highmore, Ruperta asked leave to go to the Hall every day, and nurse Lady Bassett. " They will let her die else," said she. : Richard Bassett assented to that too. . . Ruperta, for some weeks, almost lived at the Hall ; and, in this emergency, revealed great qualities. As the malevolent small-pox, passing through the gentle cow, comes out the sovereign cow-pox, so, in this gracious nature, her father's vices turned to their kindred virtues ; his obstinacy 1 of purpose shone here a noble constancy his audacity became candour, and his cunning wisdom. Her intelligence saw at once that Lady BasBett was pining to death, and a weak-minded nurse would be fatal : she was all smiles and bright- ness, and neglected no means to encourage the patient. With this view, she promised to plight her faith to Compton, the moment Lady Bassett should be restored to health : and so, with hopes, and smiles, and the novelty- of a daughter's love, she fought with death for Lady BasSetti and, at last, she won the desperate battle. This did % Richard Bassett'a daughter for her father'jB late enemy. The grateful husband wrote to Bassett, and now acknowledged his obligation. A civil, mock-modest, reply from Richard Bas Bett. . From this things went on, step by step, till, at last, Compton and Ruperta, at eighteen years of age, were formally betrothed. Thus the children's love wore out . the fathers' hate. , That love, so troubled at the outset, left, by de grees, the region of romance, and rippled smoothly through green, flowery meadows. - Ruperta showed her lover ene more phase of girlhood : she, who had been a precocious and forward child, and then a shy and silent girl, came oat now a bright and witty young woman, fall of vivacity, modesty, and sensibility. Time cared Compton of his one defect. Ruperta stopped growing at 15 ; but Cempton went slowly on : caught her at 17, and at 19 had passed her by a head. He won a scholarship at Oxford, he rowed in College races, and, at last, in the Uni versity race on the Thames; " Ruperta stood, in peerless beauty, dark blue from throat to feet, and saw -his boat astern of its rival, saw it come up with, and creep ahead, amidst the roars of the multitude. When she saw her lover, with bare corded arms as brown as a berry, and set teeth, filling Mb glorious part is that manly struggle, within eight yards of her, she confessed he was not a boy now. Bat Lady Bassett accepted no snoh evidence : being pestered to let them many at twenty years ef age, she clogged her consent with one condition. They must live three years at Huntercombe, as man and wife. " No boy of twenty," said she, " can understand a young woman of that age I most be in the < house to prevent a single . mi»nnitftwtM>itinii be tweh my beloved children." / The young people, who both adored her, voted the condition reasonable. They were married, and a wing of the spacious building allotted to them. For their sakes let as hope that their wedded life, now happily commenced, will furnish me no materials for another tale ; the happiest lives are uneventful. The foreign gent recovered his wonnd, but ac quired rheumatism, and a dislike for midnight expeditions. Reginald galloped, a year or two, over seven hundred miles of oolony, sowing his wild oats as he flew : but he is now a prosperous squatter, very fond of Bleeping in the open air. Tfinglanrj . not big enough for the bold Bohemian. . He dees very well where he is. . . Old Meyrick died,' and left his wifip a little, estate in the next county. Drake her hiuid ; at the funeral. She married him in six months, and migrated to the estate in , question j , for Sir! eisSv136 abode wa8 iB he next parish to her set. herself .to convert Mary, and exhorted her to penitence : she bore this pretty well for some time, being overawed by old reminiscences ?f fwterly superiority but, at last, her vanity rebelled. "Repent! and repent'" cried she. « Why yod be like the cuckoo, all in one song. One would think I had, been -and robbed a church. 'Tie all very well for you to repent, as led a fastish life at starting : but I never done nothing as rm ashamed on? Richard Bassett said one clay to Wheeler, " Old fellow, thbre is not a worse pojspn thmi Hate. n It: has made me old before. my time. Ana what does it all come to ? We might just as well have kept , quiet ; for my grandeon will inherit Huntercombe and. Bassett, after all " . T ; " Thanks to the girl you would not ring the bells for." Sir Charles and Lady Bassett lead a peaceful life after, all their troubles, and renew their youth - in their children, df whom Ruperta is one, and as dear as any. Yet there is a pensive and humble air abont. Lady Bassett, which shows she still expiates .her fault, thpbgh she knows it will always be ignored by him, for whose sake she sinned. In summing her up, it may be as well to .com pare this with the Unmixed self-complacency: of Mrs. Drake. '' Ydh men aiid women, who. jogehfo Bella : Bassett, be firm — and do, not let her amiable qualities, or .her good intentions, blind you in a plain matter of right and wrong : be charitable— and ask yourselves how often in your lives yod have seen yourselves, or any other human being! resist a terrible temptation. . My experience is that we resist other people' temptations nobly, and succumb to oar own. , i So let me end with a line pf England's gentlest satirist— "Heaven be merciful to us all, sinners as we fee." i — From Cassell's Magazine, Melbourne agent : Geo. Robertson, . yinis. . ; 