English Mail . .- THE BENNETT JUDGMENT. \- .Tlte important judgment of the Privy Council, by which the ? Eev. W. J. Bennett, of Frome, has been acquitted of heresy, and saved from penal consequences, malgre the identity of his eucharistic teaching with that of the Council of Trent, is not more interesting than the effect on various members of the Evangelical party. Some have allowed themselves to become jubilant, asserting that the enunciation of Protestant doctrine in the judg ment is a party victory; others, again, are despondent, and recom mend secession, on the ground that the church cannot exclude from her pulpits doctrine which the Reformers 'resisted even unto blood.' All persons admit that it is a triumph of Broad Church principles. A comparison of the various opinions will convince every reflecting mind that the controversy cannot be disposed of either way by a stroke of the pen. The enemy comes in like a flood, here in a swell ing torrent, there in rills and eddies ; and it does not appear how law courts, or associations, or resolutions of Parliament, can raise the barriers that shall stay the mischief. Doubtless the spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard, but the end is not yet. Manifest of the Church Association. — This body, as our readers are aware, is the real prosecutor of Mr. Bennett. The declaration which it has officially put forth is therefore of great importance, as a well- considered view of the difficulties of the situation. ' The Council have received this judgment with deep regret and disai-pointment. They do not desire to conceal from themselves or their friends the gainful fact that the specific obiect for which the prosecution was undertaken has so far failed, that any clergyman of the Church of England may use with impunity the language which Mr. Bennett uses in the third edition of his Plea for Toleration, and in his other works included in the articles of charge, and that in such cases the laity arc entirely without redress. On the other hand, it should be ' observed that Mr. Bennett's language was permitted to escape condemnation, only because it is supposed to be possible to give to the expressions used a meaning not inconsistent with the Protestant doctrine now judicially declared to be alone the doctrine of the Church. Any clergyman who proposes to imitate Mr. Bennett must take on himself the responsibility of decid ing - with his own conscience whether his teaching is in accordance with these clear and definite statements. It is of course impossible to foretell to what extent educated Christian men will feel able to reconcile such teaching as Mr. Bennett's with this authoritative summary of the church's doctrines. But the most ardent defender of Protestant truth can desire no more decisive authority than is supplied by this judgment for continuing to bear his testimony to the vital truths of the gospel within the pale of the Church of England. One result of the serious position in which the Church of England is placed should be to awaken more earnest zeal in all true churchmen to maintain with renewed and redoubled energy the distinctive truths, which are placed in peril by Mr. Bennett's escape from condemnation.- To those whose minds are sorely tried by the latitudinarianism now apparently authorised in the church, and who find difficulty in remaining in her communion when such very serious errors are at once condemned and tolerated, the Council point out that both Ritualism and Rationalism have sus tained very serious defeats under the judgments against Mr. Mac konochie, Mr. Purchas, and Mr. Voysey. These judgments remain in full force, and although our opponents have repeatedly stated that they attach much more importance to doctrine than ritual, their con duct is a standing contradiction to this assertion. The Judicial Committee, while they recommend that wide latitude should be per mitted to opinion, express their determination to suppress all imautho rised variations of ritual. They adopt the statement (made in the case of Westerton v. Liddcll, and again in Martin v. Mackonochie) — ' In the performance of the services, rites, and ceremonies ordered by the Prayer-book, the directions contained in it must be strictly observed ; no omission and no addition can be allowed.' Should this be main tained, the excitement of novel and sensational ceremonies will be withdrawn, and the marked contrast between the teaching of the reading-desk and the pulpit may become manifest even to the ollcnding incumbent himself. It would then not be unreasonable to hope that English clergymen will decline to accept a position of humiliation, based on evasions repugnant to all true sentiments of honour and integrity. Meanwhile, it is manifest that considerable advantage has resulted from the appeal to the Judicial Committee against the judgment of Sir Robert Phillimorc in the lower court. The Dean of Arches had attempted to settle the doctrine of the Church of England in terms inconsistent with the spirit of her articles and formularies, and repugnant to the convictions of all Evangelical churchmen. He has been gravely censured by the Court of Appeal,- for that which their Lordships describe as an attempt to usurp the functions of a Synod or Council. It is not desirable at this moment to indicate the course the Council will pursue. A period of deep feeling and anxiety is not well calculated either for the adoption of plans which require prayerful consideration, or for their publication when decided upon ; but the members of the Church Association may be assured that the Council will not rest contented while the very doctrine of Romanism, for the rejection of which the martyrs suffered at the stake, is again legally tolerated and actively propagated in the Church of England. It is not improbable that a general assembly of Evangelical men may be summoned to consider their duties, both as churchmen and citizens, at the present crisis. The Council earnestly request the constant prayers of their i'riendsv in this important crisis, that heavenly wisdom, Christian patience, and unfaltering faithfulness to the principles of the Refor mation, rnay guide them in all their deliberations, so that by God's blessing they may be strengthened for the discharge of the arduous duties -imposed upon them. They earnestly advise all who value Evangelical truth to abstain from any rash action in consequence of the judgment.' CANON Hoare's Opinions. — As being officially connected with this diocese, the views of Mr. Hoare will be regarded with special interest. Speaking of the doctrinal statements of their Lordships, he said : — ' So they got all these six points decided clearly. First, not one syllable in favour of Mr. Bennett's views ; secondly, a strong condemnation of the original book ; thirdly, all Sir R. Phillimore's authorities swept away ; fourthly, the fancied authority of Bishop Gheast scattered to the winds ; fifthly, Sir R. Phillimorc's'statement of the doctrine of the real presence strongly and pointedly con demned ; and sixthly, a clear statement of the Protestant truth upon all the three points — real presence, sacrifice, and adoration. Now, he was prepared to say that on all these three points principles were established. Thus far he had been dealing with principles, and now he would deal with the administration. And he didn't hesitate to say that it was a perfect mystery to him how men occupying the position of English judges (he was one of those who looked up to an English judge as a man perfectly beyond influence, sure to give a per fectly righteous judgment) — it was a mystery then to him, one he could not solve, how they were able to let Mr. Bennett off. But after studying the judgment itself, he thought he could see very clearly how the thing worked, and how it was brought about. He could thoroughly sympathise with those that felt to a certain extent shocked at the result of that trial, and when he saw how very much Mr. Bennett had been identified with ultra- Ritualism he could perfectly understand many persons would be ready to say, ' Well, if an ultra-Ritualist, an avowed Ritualist, like Mr. Bennett, is acquitted, are we to understand (we must understand, some will say) that the Church oi' England has given a standing- ground to Ritualists by the acquittal of Mr. Bennett?' Now, this was a point he wanted to consider, and he thought he should be able to show to them that that judgment ought not to produce such an effect upon any of their minds. In the iirst place, it was ox tne utmost importance ior tnem to draw a clear distinction between the principles and the adminis trations of the church. The church was founded upon principles ; the reality of the church did not depend upon a particular mode of administration. For example, he was responsible for the Articles of the Church of England because he had signed them, and he considered that when a man signed those articles he identified himself with them and made himself responsible for them. He could not understand the honesty of a man who held his position upon the faith of the signature of those Articles when he did not believe them ; and if the Privy Council . had decided that these Articles were strong Popery, he should have felt himself in a very painful position this day. But at the same time there was a very great difference between the principles and adminis tration. He was responsible for the Articles because he had signed them, but he was not responsible for the administration of discipline by the Bishops, nor for the administration of the law by the Privy Council. He was not responsible for that. Now, he trusted he should be able to show them that the effect of this judgment had been thoroughly to establish the great, grand, Scriptural, Protestant principles of the Church of England, although he freely confessed to his' own mind it was utterly defective in administration. The utmost the judges affirmed was that the language of Mr. Bennett was not necessarily in express contradiction to the truth as stated by the Articles. In the matter of adoration there appeared to have - been a great difference of opinion, and while they stated perfectly clearly that any act of adoration was unlawful, they dismissed the appeal with the words — 'His language has been rash, bub as it appears to the majority of their Lordships that his words can be con strued so as not to be plainly repugnant 1o the two passages articled against them, their Lordships will give him the benefit of the doubt that has been raised.' Bui; without stopping to examine detail, the conclusion alone was quite sufficient to show the principles on which the judgment had been given. ' Their Lordships have not arrived at their decision without great anxiety and occasional doubt. The subject is one which has always moved the. deepest feelings of religious men, and will continue to do so. There might have been expected from a theologian dealing with this subject, if not a charitable regard for the feelings of others, at least a careful preparation and -au exactness in the use of terms. The' very diyinewhosc opinions Mr.. Bonnett'Scems to have sought to represent was; obliged himself to point out. how erroneous was his statement of those opinions. . The respondent corrected the manifest error, without an expression of regret at the pain ho may have caused to many 'by his careless language. : Even; in their maturer form his words arc rash and ill-judged, and are perilously near a violation of the law. But the committee have not allowed any feeling of disapproval to interfere with the real duty before them, to decide whether the language of the respondent was so plainly repugnant to the articles and formularies as to call for judicial condemnation, and as, these proceedings are highly penal, to construe in his favour every reason able doubt.' So far, therefore, from the judgment giving the least encouragement to Eitualistic doctrine, the utmost that could be affirmed of it was that it declared Mr. Bennett to have altered his language so cleverly in the third edition of his book, that it was just possible to imagine some interpretation of it which was not in express and necessary contradiction of the -real teaching of the Church of England. The verdict was, in fact, ' in the second edition, guilty,' ' in the third, not caught.' The only practical conclusion was, that if the conscience of any clergy man enabled him to retain office in a church to whose great principles- he was in heart opposed, and. if his intellect was sufficiently subtle to enable him to clothe his opinions in language which might possibly be construed to bear an : interpretation not necessarily opposed to the express language of the Articles, it was \- next to impossible to prove him guilty.- ; And. his:, firm belief was,; that if a church were established ?to-morrow, arid if ;he were , to make the Articles. more stringent than they are^-which he, for one, should be.very sorry to do— -we should still find ourselves, asunable as now to exclude error, if persons with consciences and intellects of the texture : ; of 'Mr. Bennett's were resolved, in spite of the Articles, to maintain it, ?\ What, then, was their practical conclusion 1 And what effect should the, judgment have on themselves 1 Surely not to be soon shaken in mind or to be troubled ! Surely not to talk about quitting the ship, or disestablishment ! But now that they had the great satisfaction of having been proved right ; now that it had been established by the highest court of appeal that the great principles which they had. all along been maintaining were the true principles of the Church of England ; now that Sir E. Phillimore's most erroneous statement of doctrine was authoritatively condemned, now surely they ought to take fresh courage, and with a thankful heart press on in the great conflict for truth. Their duty was to stand more firmly than ever to the great, grand principles of divine truth as derived from Scripture and embodied in the documents of the Church of England, to make themselves and their people well acquainted with the controversy, to draw the clear distinction between principles and administration, to remember that they were engaged in a great conflict, to gird on their armour for the strife, and to commit the whole work to the mighty power of God the Holy Ghost, that He might exalt truth and put down error, that so they might know something of such a victory as that described in prophecy, ' These shall make war with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them, for He is the King of kings and Lord of lords, and they that are with Him are called, and chosen, and faithful.'' . .... . ..;, ,; \ .. Eey. Canon Kyle's Opinions.— 'I must; honestly vsay that, to my mind, the final decision of the Committee of Privy, Council goes far to neutralise and nullify the, value of all the good things in the judg ment ! In short, I cannot withhold my deliberate opinion, that the acquittal of Mr. Bennett is an unhappy and untoward event, and cal culated to inflict serious damage on the Church of England. Not withstanding all the valuable truths which the judgment contains, there remains behind one great, broad, awkward fact, which cannot be explained away. .. That fact is, that, in the opinion of the highest court of the realm, a beneficed clergyman may use the language Mr. Bennet uses, teach what Mr. Bennett teaches, and hold what Mr. Bennett holds about the Lord's Supper, and yet you cannot say that he transgresses the law of the church, or is unfit to minis ter in her pulpits ! This is a portentous fact, and I doubt whether it is sufficiently realised by some churchmen. It is a fact which I cannot digest comfortably, and I own candidly that it fills my mind with, many fears. I will explain what I _ mean. The first thing that I fear from the decision is the bad effect that it will have on the character of the Church of England, in the eyes of all the churches of Christendom. Hitherto, we have been justly reckoned a Protestant Church ; but what Avill men say now ? The second thing that I fear from the decision is the bad effect that it will have on the minds of many lay churchmen. Thousands among them, I firmly believe, will never read a sentence of the reasoning part of the judgment, but will simply look at the final decision. They will look at the great, broad fact that Mr. Bennett is acquitted 1 Holding the opinions I have now expressed, I must frankly confess that I regard the Bennett judgment with more apprehension than some of my brethren seem to do. I am no prophet, and I cannot . pretend to say what is before us. I dp not forget that God is able to bring great good to his church out of great seeming evil. But I must think that the position, of the Establishment is made very critical, and demands the special prayers of ail. faithful churchmen. We have. need to ask for a, large measure , of . wisdom, discretion, moderation, patience, and a sound mind/ in order that we may do the right thing, and do it in the right way. Eashncss and hastiness on the one side, and a compromising, unfaithful spirit on the other, are the two extremes we have to fear. We must neither despond, nor sulk, nor fly into a passion, nor scold. But on the other hand we must not sit down complacently and contentedly, and let the world suppose that we regard the recent decision as a victory ! What is that precise thing which Evangelical churchmen; ought to do in the preseut emergency is a very difficult point to decide. Perhaps we shall see our way more clearly when the smoke of the recent explosion has passed away. To try another legal prosecution, as some propose, appears to me a step of very doubtful policy, and little likely, in the present temper of men's minds, to lead to any satisfactory result. To secede, as some wild men advise, would simply hand over the church.to the ' less sound' portion of the clergy, andultimately bringona general break-up. Sccessionis a short-cut way of gettiug out of ecclesiastical difficulties, and a way that should only be adopted as a last resource, after many a battle and struggle. But why should not Protestant churchmen combineto place on public recorda vigorous protest against all Komish teaching aboiit the Lord's Supper? Why should we not set on foot a brief declaration of our solemn conviction that Mr. Bennett's teaching about the Lord's Suppercannot in our judgment be reconciled ?with the Articles and Formularies of the Church of England? - Such a protest and declaration, no doubt, would not reverse the recent decision, and' would be ridiculed by many as a hrwtwm fulmen. But two things .at any rate they would do. They would help to clear the Church of Englaud in the eyes of Christendom from the heavy' charge of tolerating Eomish teaching, and they would deliver our souls 'from the guilt of silently countenancing ' erroneous doctrines contrary to God's Word.' One duty at any rate is clear and plain, and. I venture, to urge it on the. attention of all my brethren in the ministry. We must more than ev.'i- supply our congregations with Scriptural instruction about the Lord's Supper. We must show in the fullest and most distinct manner the real doctrine of the Church of England on the subject. Such evidence as that of the 'declaratory rubric' at the end of the o -minuuion service is far less known than it ought to be by. lay churchmen. For myself I can only say that 1 read this rubric to my people frequently fronTthc pulpit, and since the * Bennett judgment' I have had it printed as a handbill, and circulate it in all directions.' ' TuiiJ London Peess. — The Times says: — ''Time alone can show what will be the result to the fortunes of the Church of Englandi.and every tiring will depend on the use made by the clergy of the extreme liberty of opinion now allowed them. The inconveniences of such an elasticity arc sufficiently pbyious, and the laity may be excused for regarding the prospect with some alarm. It is now established that a clergyman of the Church of England may teach any doctrines within limits which only extreme subtlety can distinguish 'from Eoman Catholicism on the one side, front Calvinism on another side, and from Deism on a third. Consequently, when a new incumbent is appointed to a parish, the inhabitants must wait : with anxiety to learn what their new religion is to be.' The Echo declares that the judgment 'has riovv left - ajar the particular door of entrance which, as most of us fondly believed, the framers of the church had carefully closed, and for whose effectual shutting the corpses of the Marian martyrs were piled.' The Echo adds : — ' The real point which must press upon all thoughtful members of the Church of England is this. Except the recognition of the authority of the Pope, what is there left to dis tinguish that church from the Church of Eome, or a Protestant from a Eomanist 1 What doctrine or observance is there, which by law, as now defined, a clergyman of the Established Church may not preach ? or practise which would be preached or practised by a priest, of the Church of Eomc? What security have we that they will not cram, every single error of Eome down our throats, one here, another there, a large mouthful from one pulpit, a lesser from another, till nothing remains when we have swallowed the camel of the real presence but that small gnac — the supremacy of the Pope 1 Confession, penance, absolution, unction, religious orders, Mariolatry (slightly mitigated), invocation of saints, the sanctity of celibacy, and .now the sacrifice of the mass— we have them all.' ' Monsig-noe Capel. — Mgr. 'Capel, preaching on the Bennett judg ment, says that, in his opinion, no deeper wound has been inflicted on the doctrine of the real presence in the Anglican Communion. The Court has struck three blows — (a) at the idea of a definite and dog matic revelation, (£) at the certainty of faith, (c) at the condemnation of any heresy. It is the latitudinarians who will benefit by the judgment. - , ' A Secession. — The Eev. J. C. Swayne, M.A., late Fellow, of Corpus Christi. College, Oxford, writes to a Bristol paper — 'A church cannot really be Protestant which retains the shadow of 'a ' sacrificing priesthood. I have resigned holy orders, having long resolved to do so if the Bennett case were decided in favour of the defendant.' A Chief Justice.— Lord Chief Justice Bovill, speaking, at the annual dinner of the Solicitors' Benevolent Association, at Willis's Kooms, observed ' that some of the judges had had recently to deal, amongv other subjects, with that of ecclesiastical law, and they had found a gentleman not guilty, with the proviso that for the future - ' he had better be warned.' Inteechange of Pulpits. — This subject, which is one of great interest to the Church of England in the colonies, 'has been fully discussed in connection with Mr. Cowpcr Temple's Occasional Sermons Bill. In moving the second reading, which it may be observed was thrown out by. a large majority, he said — 'It might be said that.it would be injurious to the church to allow any one not amenable to its laws to preach in a place of worship belonging to the church, but that objection was' answered by referring to the Act of .1840, which allowed a Bishop to admit into' his diocese ministers of the Episcopal Churches of America and Scotland. He believed that it would be a great relief to a rector, arid that it would be acceptable _ to his' -congregation, to have his place occasionally filled by some' other person of great gifts, but who might not belong to the same church. There would then be introduced a little variety, and some times things would be dealt with not in the same habitual way as they were in the Church of England (Some ironical cries of ' Hear !'). It could not be supposed that the law ever really intended to raise this artificial barrier between the congregations of the Church of England and the ministers of other denominations, or otherwise it would have taken surer means to effect the object. The fact was, that it, had only secured the object on one side and -not on the other, and no construction of the Act of Parliament made it illegal for a clergyman of the Church of England to preach a sermon in a place of worship not belonging to the Church of England, and he had known cases where clergymeiv-of the Church of England preached in Nonconformist places of worship. That such a practice.was not prohibited could not be doubted, when it was known that such eminent authorities as the Archbishop of York and the/Bishop of Winchester had preached in Presbyterian, churches. He respected those prelates for pursuing that course, which was dictated by a high minded desire to show sympathy with people beyond the pale of their own church. They had, in fact, established the principle on which the' present Bill was founded, and which was not intended to give any advantage to any one particular school of iheDlogicalthought.' In moving the rejection of the Bill, Mr. Beresford Hope, said—' He agreed with the right hon. gentleman who had just sat down that this measure was not for the benefit of any particular school of theo logical thought, for he did not think it consistent with any theological thought at all. It introduced into religious worship sensationalism, or, as the right hon. gentleman pleasantly called it, ' variety.' What was meant by ' occasional' sermon or lecture ? It might be a sermon for one Sunday, or every second, or third, or fourth, or fifth Sunday. The bishop, if he thought fit, was to grant his permission — did that mem that the bishop was to allow the person to preach one sermon on any occasion, or that the license was to run for ever, or for the life of the bishop ? Then, if the occasional preacher abused his trust, was any ] ower given to the bishop to revoke the license 1 So vaguely and so hastily had this Bill been drawn, that no power was given to the bishop to revoke the license.. The person might be represented to the bishop as a learned and pious man ; he might be a graduate of Milwaukio desirous of enlightening English churchmen, and the bish'op might grant permission. His doctrine might perhaps smell of Geneva; it might have a'good deal. of Calvin in it, a little of the. Alabama claims,, and somewhatalso of the. spirit. .But the bishop had no power to withdraw his license, and the person might preach for all time to come his 'occasional sermons.'., He might, be a learned. Mohammedan or a Brahmin : in a 'case like this, , extreme cases formed the best test of the Bill. The clergyman could not be proceeded against or put into any ecclesiastical court for any sermon, however outrageous in its doctrines, that might be preached. The Bill would place the bishops in a most invidious position — a new and unknown jurisdiction would be given to them, without any guidance as to how they should conduct themselves. One might think caution best, and would impartially refuse all permission ; another might think the Act imperative, and license all round — a strict churchman would work the Bill as against Dissenters, but in favour of the creation of an order of lay preachers, and there might be no end of Benedictines and Cistercians, and monks and friars, in the Church of England. Another might work the Bill in the sense of the Noncon . formists. The Bill would sanction not merely free trade in pulpits between the church and other denominations, biit the development of ,'a new system of religious activity in the church itself which might -be right or wrong ; but it certainly ought not to be introduced by a ? sidewind^ by an obscure Bill like this, about which the church and the jaity of the. church knew very little. Indeed, they would be surprised when they took up. their newspaper to-morrow morning to find what important interests had been discussed behind their backs, without having been at all consulted in the matter. His right hon. friend had not given any freedom to the. church, but. perhaps, the Nonconformists might fancy themselves benefited and complimented. This Bill was not. a. compliment, but rather an affront, to Dissenters. If the Nonconformists accepted it, they would put themscvea in the power of the eager, fussy, and self-seeking incumbent to trot them out and use them as cat's-paws, as a show or attraction to draw men to the worship of an alien demonstration. There were plenty of lecture-halls, assembly rooms, and Nonconformist chapels in this country, through which every conceivable doctrine might be sounded like a trumpet throughout the land ! but he called upon the House not to sanction this vague and unseemly inroad on the existing system of the National Church, with which its members were thoroughly well content.' Mr. Henley observed that ' if a scientific lecture were deli vered from the pulpit of a church, while some would be pleased, others . would be terribly put about ; and an illustration of the diversity of comment and feeling that would be provoked was furnished by the differences that existed with reference to the holding in the churches of festivals for charitable purposes. This question, then, arose — would the gain be equivalent, or anything like equivalent, to the possible evil ? What would be the feelings excited in a parish if either Archbishop Manning or Mr. Spurgeon were asked to preach ? You never could get a parish all of one mind. The uncharitable feelings and heart-burnings that would be provoked would more than balance any possible good.' A Scotch Free Church Minister Preaching in a Unitarian Chapel. — Apropos of the liberty proposed to be conferred on the clergy of our church, it may be noticed how others who have this liberty make use of the same. The Free Church Presbytery of Dundee met for the purpose of considering the case of the Kev. William Knight, of Free St. Enoch's Church, Dundee, who was charged with having, on a recent Sunday, preached in a Unitarian Chapel, that of the Eev. James Martineau, Little Portland-street, London. Mr. Knight, having appeared, delivered an address in which he said that what he was called to explain was the availing himself of an opportunity of preaching to a most interesting body of men, and his occupying the pulpit of a friend, a man froin whom he himself received stimulus of the. highest order, but from whom he differed widely in religious opinion. His act of fellowship was not with a church or a sect, but simply with an individual, and him the minister of a church which was not tied to any special doctrinal creed. There was no law in the Free Church of Scotland (and, so far as he knew, there was none in any church except where sacerdotalism ruled) against a minister preaching anywhere ; and he held himself perfectly free to unfold what he believed to be religious truth before any audience he was requested to address, from any pulpit he was asked to occupy, whether his personal divergence from the creed of those he spoke to was great or small, radical or unimportant. If circum stances favoured, he should preach within a Buddhist temple, and in so doing he would remember how an apostle became all things to all men that he might win some. . Lord Shaetesbury on Religious Education. — A crowded meeting was held in the Town Hall, Birmingham, the hotbed of secularism, when this venerable nobleman made one of his great speeches : — ' He should like to ask whether there was any Christian country which had by-laws excluding the Word of God from elemen tary schools, and he thought he might say there was no country which had risen to this height of infidel audacity. The advocates of such an exclusion were allied with others from whom he could have ex pected better things; but even the Romanists, though they did not make use of the Bible in their schools, carefully abstained from any legal exclusion of it; they carefully maintained denominational teaching, and told their people it was founded upon the Word of God, and such portions of the Word of God as they were allowed to read their priest put before them. He was sorry to say that many Noncon formists were approaching a point where he could see no difference at all between them and the Papists, for they both declare that the Bible was a dangerous book. The Secularists, backed by the Nonconformists, said the Bible was a dangerous book. (Cries of 'No, no,' 'Yes, yes,' and cheers.) Now he had got the votes of those who cried 'No, no ;' for, . if the Bible was not a dangerous book, it was a safe book ; and if it were a safe book, how dare anybody seek to exclude it from the educa tion of the children of England? The Nonconformists had been tainted by an alliance they had recently formed, and they now held the Bible to be a dangerous book. They had held, moreover, that it was a source of discord ; that it had created a 'religious difficulty;' that there was no common point between the conflicting parties, and that therefore the Bible should be excluded. They said all this, or if they did not say it they acted it, which was worse. If the Dissenters of oldeu tilmes, who bore the honoured name of religious Nonconformists, ooked down and saw the acts of their descendants, they would assuredly be robbed of some por tion of their bliss. That good man, Mr. Forster, was censured the other day by people who ought to have known better and felt more delicately. A learned doctor said that his (Mr. Forster's) descent from the Puritans was very considerable. He should like to ask the learned doctor referred to whether his ascent up -to the level of the Puritans, and to the level he had so unhesitatingly quitted, would not be a very stiff and steep one. They were now passing through a fearful transition : they were launched upon a trackless ocean, passing from a known to an unknown region ; it might be a region of joy, it might be a region of sorrow. However, there was one thing very observable at the present time, that while the whole world seemed to be in the pursuit and enjoyment of wealth, nevertheless all the great events of the day in which we lived turned altogether upon religion. Look at the 10,000 twists and turns, the 10,000 opinions, the 10,000 shades of thought, the 10,000 modes of attacking Christianity or depreciating it. Look at the disunions in the church herself, threatening even its disestablishment, and with its disestablishment the disestablishment of many other institutions of the country ; , look abroad, at the Vatican, and see there the Pope by his declaration of infallibility and his powerful efforts all over the earth — all tending to disturbing and rooting up old foundations, and causing almost endless collisions. Look at the recent great war ; it was a war appa rently of nations, but really much more ; it was a war of creeds, a war of Papal against Protestant power, and the recent words of M. Thiers showed that a future war would be a war of religion — an effort made by France to restore the Pope to his ancient territory, and invest him again with the power of which he had been so rightfully despoiled. Bismarck, the most astute and the most powerf ul man at present in Europe, said to a friend of his (the speaker's) the other day, 'Do you think that the danger to Europe comes from France? No. From Russia ? No. From Germany ? No. The danger to Europe comes from the audacity and progress of the Ultramontane power.' He mentioned this to show that everything was turning upon religion. The infidel said, ' Destroy religion, and the people of England will make a vast stride towards moral and political greatness ;' the Chris tian said, 'Destroy religion, and the people of England will be lost in a gulf of ignorance, of ruin, and of sin.' Chorazin and Bethsaida exhibited to them the responsibility of nations ; and their own consciences proved their responsibility to themselves. This was the opinion of that meeting, collectively as the people, and individually as immortal souls. In the midst of these interminable waters of doubt, perplexity, and despair, they had before them the polar star of the Bible ; let them follow it as the sure, the true, the unfailing guide ; let them strive by every means God had given them, and by earnest ? and unceasing prayer, that every human being in this country might, in the patience and comfort of His Holy Word, embrace and ever hold fast that blessed hope of everlasting life, which He has given to us in His Son, our Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ.' Mr. Miall's Defeat. — A majority of 295 against Oi was the result of Mr. Miall's motion — ' That an humble address be presented to Her Majesty, praying. Her Majesty that, by means of a Royal Com mission, full and accurate particulars may be procured of the origin, nature, amount, and application of any property and revenues appro priated to the use of the Church of England.' In rising to express the views of the Government on the subject, Mr. Gladstone remarked —'There is one argument against the motion of the hon. member for Bradford which its opponents appear to have overlooked, which is that if this commission is appointed we should get rid of the hon. member and his motion for several years to come, while this inquiry was pending. -The hon. member has cast his net very widely. He proposes to inquire not only into the amount, but the nature and origin of ecclesiastical property now appropriated to the use of the Establishment. I did not gather from this speech at what point in the chronology of the human race he proposes to com mence this inquiry. Probably he would be satisfied with beginning at the time of Mclchisedec. The hon. member, instead of going straight to the heart and root of the question of principle he has raised, proposes to involve us in a preliminary inquiry of which we cannot see the end. I almost feel — I hope he will not think me dis respectful to him in saying this — that we are called on to-night to discharge the functions of a debating society rather than the ordinary . duties of the British Parliament. His object seems to be so' remote —so remote from the wishes of the people of England— the estimate which has been formed of the work which has to-be done in order to bring about a different state of things appears to me; I confess, to be so inadequate, that, notwithstanding the undoubted ability, earnest ness, and sincerity of my hon. friend — :arid no one possesses more earnestness or sincerity than he does— notwithstanding those qualities, I cannot but feel that a theoretical aspect and character seems to be spread over this discussion, which deprives it of much of that interest and reality which we recognise when we are dealing with questions that have relation to results, and are within our power and faculty of calculation.' The American Episcopal Church.— The anniversary festival of the S.P.G. was celebrated at St. Paul's, when the Bishop of Exeter preached from Eom. xi. 15. The sermon was followed by the formal presentation at the communion rail of the alms-basin, sent over by the Bishop of Lichlield as the gift of the American to the English Church. It was accompanied by the following address :— 'As members of the daughter church in America, we venture to approach you as the representatives of our dear mother Church of England, for the purpose of presenting, through the kind offices of one of your number, the Right Piev. the Lord Bishop of Lichfield, most honoured and beloved, a slight token of the love and gratitude which we can never cease to cherish towards the heads and all the members of that branch of the Church Catholic from which we are descended, and to which we have been indebted, first, ' for a long continuance of nursing care and protection,' and in later years for manifold' tokens of sympathy and -affectionate regard.' The Archbishop of Canterbury said : — ' I receive this offering of love from our sister church beyond the Atlantic, and I beg all of you who are here present, and all Christian people, to unite in your prayers to Almighty God that the richest blessings of his Holy Spirit may be sent upon our brethren who thus express to us their Christian love; that for ages to' come these two churches, and these two great nations, may be united in one worship of one Lord, in one faith, as they are sprung from one blood; and thus be' the instruments, under the protection of our gracious Eedeemer, of spreading His gospel throughout the world, and conferring the blessings of Christian civilisation on the human race.' The Brahmo Somaj and Christian Hymns. — The Calcutta cor respondent of the Times states that some of the ' Progressive Brahmos' have taken to adapting the best English hymns, old and new, to the ' Theistic' theology. The beautiful hymn ' Abide with Me' was sung at Baboo Keshub Chunder Sen's last festival, with the line ' Hold thou Thy cross before my closing eyes' altered to ' When earth recedes before my closing eyes ;' and the evening hymn has had all the Christianity taken out of it. The line, ' Forgive me, Lord, for Thy dear Son,' is altered to ' Forgive me, Lord, for Thou alone.' The Purchas Case. — Application was made to the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council to deprive the Eev. J.' Purchas of the perpetual curacy of St. James's Chapel, Brighton, for contempt in disobeying the monitions issued against him. Dr: Tristram read, the following statement made by Mr. Purchas to his congregation after the service of the suspension : — 'It is generally said that I officiate here on the Bishop's license. That is not the case. His Lordship, of course, inducted me to the benefice of St. James. I officiate here simply in virtue of a private Act of Parliament passed on that behalf. That Act of Parliament provides that on Christmas day, Good Friday, and any days of thanksgiving or fast, appointed by the State, I am to read the Book of Common Prayer. To read it. How it is to be read, what dress I am to wear, whether I am to sing it or say it, or pronounce it, or with what form it is to be accompanied, is left entirely to my own discre tion. Neither the Bishop nor the Privy Council have any right whatever to interfere with me; that is what I have always resisted — interference in my mode of conducting divine service. So I shall continue to do, until they provide an Act of Parliament abrogating that and making another in its stead. I do not suppose that will be the case, for that would be to confiscate my private property. I think you know my views in regard to the Privy Council. I entirely deny the power of a secular court to suspend a priest from his office. They may fine, but they cannot suspend. It is rumoured that this chapel is to be closed. It will not be closed under any possible circumstances. The Privy Council may, if they like, imprison me. If they do that, the services will be carried on entirely (by my friends) and precisely as they are now carried on. And when they liberate me, I will repeat the services in every detail as I have done this evening. I never will acknowledge the power of the Privy Council to interfere with my right of conducting the service in any way I please.' ? ? ♦♦♦ ? - ? ?:.':?.: ?.'??:'. ??.??;'?..??;':?? . Dr. Cumming, in a lecture at Bristol, mentioned approyingly that Scotland had opened her pulpits to Anglican bishops arid clergy, and expressed a hope that the next movement would ? give Mm a chance of preaching in Westminster Abbey. Some people carry their' hearts in their heads ; -very many carry their heads in their hearts. The difficulty is to keep them apart, and yet both actively work together. 