[?] A. STRANGE STORY. In thesa daj8 of spiritualistic iDanifoslafcions, when the higher intelligences condescend to en lighten poor blind or short-sighted mortals - revealing to them the dread mjstories of the fa- .' , ' ture state through tho mediation of table ,legs, ' ' ' planchettes, and deadenod brains ; whon op- , f) paritions appear to favored mediums to ? -i ' ' ' ?tuuuj uuu iiuoeou wonu 1OS03 H8 COgnOmCQ and becomes visiblo to mortal eye, I may venture to relate a few incidents witnessed by uio nearly sixteen years ago. Had I at tempted to publish a narration of my strange ' adventure at the time of itB occurrence, fraught as it is with the mysterious and tho apparently supernatural, it would have been looked upon as an idle tale, the product of an up-country healed imagination. Eut society is. now much, better prepared to ncceptand analyse a statement of simple facts bucIi au I am about to lay before ' the reader, and which I give without color or -, embellishment. ? , -- About sixteon years ago I had occasion to travel to and from Beechworth, twico within eleven ' ' days—that is, makiug two journoya up and two OWn. To accomplish this I wn*-, Rnmnnllmi «n grasp at oyory availablo means of travelling both by night and by day, so that part of the journey was performed by coach and part on hoisebiuik, tho latter chiefly- at night. At tho time of which ? . 1 write tho distance from Alolbourno to Beech worth waa roughly estimated at 200 miles, and considering the condition of tho roacls then, was not overstated. . I liad been to Alolbourno and back to Beecbworth, and waa again on my way to the metropolis, depres3ed in mind— for tho busi ness upon which I was travelling was of a some- , what painful character— and weary in body, laving arrived at Avennl, after dark, by co.ichj . took horse and rode to Seymour. ? Hero tho poor beaat I was riding showed unmistakable signs of - inability to proceed farther. Ho was ovidently gone in tho fore legs— indeed, in all tho four. 1 He could not havo dono. another five miles in as many hours. Aftor considerable difficulty I found on old acquaintance conneoted with the line of coaches, who placed at my disi ? posal a fine handoomo grey. I bad to ride to a arm some miles from Seymour to procure tbis horse, and leave my invalided hack, 'l'hislac compiished, and at about eleven o'clock -p ro. ? -' started upon my journey by an old road (even then little used) toward Kilmore. Tho night was chilly and the sky cloudedi Tho1 ? moon showed little more thau a harned crescent, and the scudding olonda continually passing over' the face o£ this thin rim. of light, rendered it im- ' - ?- ' possible to distinguish clearly oithor tho road or ? sarroundi^r objects. I had thus iouruovod nar«. ral miles, guided partly by tho general directionu I had received at the farm, and partly by road' - marks, when I found myself riding up ' the t gradual alopo of a bill, upon which I could dis cover no signs of traffic. Tho horse, howover, stepped out confidently, as though he know well ; whoro ho was going, and I yielded to his guidance, but brought him to a steady walk up the rising ground. I felt very weary ; and, fearful of getting out of my reckoning and* missing the main road, I began to con over in my mind the instructions I had received at tho farm, when I was startled and delighted to aeo corning down the hill a little to my left a coach and four horses. I pulled up on tho instant,' and observed the team coming steadily down the hill at an eaey pace. The driver and two women oc cupied the box seat. I then turned my borae'B head toward the coach, rodo forward a fow paces, and called out — 'Hallo, driver, ia this tho right ' road to Kilmore?' I waitod for an an3wer ; tho coach came toward me until it was within about eight yards, and then, to my utter amazement, the horses, the coach, the driver, and the two ' worn on on tho box seat all in quiet RucccsHion vanished into thin air, and I found myself with ex pectant outstretched neck looking into the vacant imsh. The entire conveyance, with all its cus tomary accessories; which, had been as palpubly present to my nonse of sight as though I had been watching one of Cobb's coaches from the door of the Albion, was literally nowhero. ' Some seconds elapsed beforo I had fully real ised the startling fact; but when I did,60, a thrill of horror passed through my frame. 'My God,' I, said, 'iBhall lose my sonses and drop exhausted in tbifl wiotched placo, where thore is not evon a track to lead to the discovery of my remains 1' I sprang from the horse, grasped the bridle, and carefully examined the spot to ascertain whether or not sorre cluinp of trees might have' given tho shapo which my diatemparod imagination had formed into this strange apparition y bat no such shapo was there, and I began to walk vigorously up the hill in oruerto rouse my faculties. But soon the extra exertion began to tell on me, and I was fain to regain the saddle. The ascent, although not difficult, was apparently interminable, and I bad again slackened? the speed c.f my Horse to a walk when I met a digger coming leisurelv down \ha lull, a little to my right but nearly in frontof me. He had a red blunlict rolled into a horco'colhr swag, which ho carried round his neck in tho,. manner usual in those- days ; to a leather belt round the waia't: of. h\n mclettkia trousers was slung a. pannikin, and beneath a dirk billycock hat I saw thovitagtj of a swarthy bearded man. My : first .thought on Beoing this man waa that it was another' appari diuu, uuu xjiuaitiiuuu iu iiumubb liiui umu IIU CalllO within five or six feet of me: I then said, ' I; say, mate, am I near the main road to Kilmore r- I reined up my horse for a reply, but in a moment the digger, blanket and pannikin, were obliterated from tie sansorium of my brain, and a aickening foelingof helplessncBs took possession of me. I felt terribly frightened, although Ididiiotfora moment ascribe the sights I had seen toother than physical causes. I again sprang to the ground, filled my pipo, and began to smoko vigor iusly. The stimulating effects of the tobacco enabled mo to think. I resolved to make a ,, strenuous offort to keep up my flagging senses and failing strength, aud push on at as rapid1 a ' ' ' pace as' possible. I got into tho saddle, and * putting spura to my horse, ho bounded forward. ' After a quarter of an hour's sharp gallop, 1 fouDtl myself on the main road to Kilmore. At ? 1 .1 turned into tho well-known highway, I uttered a cry of joy, and felt toy mind spring' back to its 'wonted feeronity. ? 1 A few milos brought me to Kilmore, whern, neatod before a substantial meal at the head inn a (now Kelly's), while my gallant grey was enjoying a ' rub down.1* and a teed of oats, I forgot my weariness, and mused over this part of my strange adrentnro. After an hour's reat, I mounted my grey, and resumed my journey. Tho sky was now clear, and I enjoyed the luxury of a canter along the smooth road from Kilmore to tho Big Hill, ' Piotty Sally's Hill' as itwa3 then called. The hill was just as nature and a - heavy traffic had made it ; deey ruts aird greaay sidolinga, naked boulders and gnarled tree roots, rendered the ascent, and descent difficult by day and dangerous by night. A contract, however, had been entered into for tho formation of the road upon tbo bill, and a number of men had arrived on the' ground to make preparations for ' commencing the work. li& I was carefully' pick-1 ' ? -- f iii£.my'way'd6wn'thiHri;j')d road,! fancied I ? ',' 1 sawam^n walking ahoa me, but.j[feariQ'g Mizi th-xt he might prove to be but another .creation of my brain, and that the fatigues .of the week were again getting the mastery over me, I .resolved do keep an eye on this phantom, and minutely watch tho phenomena of his appear ance and disappearance. I therefore rodoon: in silence, but so watchful of my airy fellow traveller that I had alm.03t come, to grief by a sudden stumble of my horso over a boulder, , . Tho phantom', 'however, turned rouiid, facing mo, and tho rn«on lit up its feature, ' I brought.' my giey to a dead stop. Presently tho phantom i spoko, and withan unmistakable Irish brogue saidv 4 ' Good morning sir, it's a rough road down here. ' Tho voico startled me more than its sudden die-.' npponranco (which I fully expeotod) -would have dono. Here was a phenomenon for -which I was by no means prepared : so completely, indeed, was . I taken by surprise by. the substitution of real, flesh and blood for ray fancied speetro, thut ,1 could roply to the salutation only by a loud laugh. ' By Jove,' I said, 'you aro a reaTm'an nfier all.' Tho man stepped back a psao and ? ., looked bewildered, but Iso'ou.cased his mind .by saying, in a cheerful tone. 'Never mind old. follow, I was a little startled when you spoke. I. had no expectation of finding any livii.g thine astir on tbo hill- at this hour of the morning. ' 'Oomo a little to tho right, sir, -you'll find!, a bettor path for your horse this way,' said my follow traveller, and thereupon; ensued a- con: versation in which he' informed rob that ho was ovorseor on the contract for the new road. At this stago of tho proceedings, ho wovor; my mind;:1 bring lulled into a kind of stupor, wandered from tho subject, and I became oblivious to the pro Bonce and conversation of my companion, for I remember giving utteranco to some wild speech which was so irrelevant to the subject ol dis- ; course as to cause my Irish goblin to spring away. '? from the aide of my horse, and gaze up_ in my, i face with a look of .undisguised terror in every, feature. He pointed nervously down the hill, and, in the utmost trepidation , Baid, 'That's the way, sir, straight down . that traok, sir. Good morning, sir. This strange and abrupt conduct of his brought ine again to my. senses; but the terrified look of tho man as ho turned away to part .company rwith one whom he fully believed 'to be an escaped lunatic, so tickled my fancy that I burst into a loud laugh. At this he made a desperate spring, and ran across the hill, leaping over everything that came in ? his tray. I sat in my saddlo convulsed with laughter, j and could not avoid exclaiming, 'By . :noavens,)\'I: hava turned the tables on the goblins at last. Go it old speetro, you have no bones to break ? ovoi'tho bluestone boulders !' In a few seconds ho disappeared in the gloom of the yet unbroken morning. But whether or not he was a real man or un airy nothing, I leave my readers to infer. At daylight I reacbed a roadside inn, but was un ablo to proceed further. Tho kind-hearted land lord saw that I was quito oxhausted, and would not suffer metogofrom his house until I had had a fa- hours' sleep, after which. I mounted my grey, and reached Iowd in good time.. ; 1 bave never seen tho ghost of a coaoh and horses, or a digger with his swag and pannikin, since that mtmorible night. ?? , 