WITHIN THE MAZE. CHAPTER XXIV. NURSE CHAFFEN ON DUTY. Continued. " Why, what is it that you are talking of ?" she asked. " There have been no gentleman here. Mrs. Grey's husband is abroad." " But I saw him," persisted the nurse. " He stood right at the head of the staircase when me and Dr Moore was a going up it." Then they went at it, asserting and re-asserting. Nurse Chaffen protesting that she did see a gentleman. Ann Hop!ey denying in the most emphatic language that any gentleman had been there, or could have been. Poor woman ; in her faithful zeal for her master's safety, she went so far as to vow that no living soul had been in the house, save her mistress and the infant, herself and Hopley. The assertion had its effect. Nurse Chaffen was not an irreligious woman, though she did indulge in unlimited gossip, and loved a glass of beer when she could get it. She could not believe that a thing so solemnly asserted was a lie. She was puzzled as her eyes were good and had never played her false yet. " Have ye got a ghost in the house ?" she asked at length, edging a little nearer to Ann Hopley. " I have never seen or heard of one." " It's a rare old place, this house. Folks said all kinds of queer things about it in Mr Throckton's time." " He left no ghost in it, that I know of," repeated Ann. " Well I never ! I can't make it out. You might almost tell me to believe there's no truth in the Bible. He stood at the top 'o the stairs, looking down at me and the doctor. It was dusk, I grant ; a'most dark ; but I saw him as plain as plain could be. He had white teeth, and was wearing a black suit : and he went through th at door at the far end of the passage." A keen observer might have detected a look of terror in Ann Hopley's eyes ; but she was habitually of a calm manner and she showed perfect calmness now, knowing how much was at stake. All along, a great deal had depended upon Ann's presence of mind and her ability to ward off suspicion. It depended more than ever on her this time, and she had kept her wits at hand. " Your eyes and the dusk must have misled you, Mrs. Chaffen," she quietly rejoined. " Is it possible, that any gentleman could be in this house, and me and Hopley not know it ? That night I had run down from my mistress's room, where she was lying off her head with the fever, with the baby asleep in its little bed by the fire. I was making a drop of gruel in the kitchen here, when the ring at the gate came. I would have sent Hopley to open the door, but I heard him outside putting away his tools for the night. I knew I would have to get close to him to make him understand, for he's as deaf as a post. So, I went myself as it seemed less trouble. As to anyone having been in the place save me and Hopley and the missis and baby, it's a moral impossibility ; and if necessary I could swear to it." " Where does that there end door lead to ?" questioned Mrs. Chaffen, only h alf convinced. " It leads to nowhere. It's a sitting-room. Mrs. Grey does not often use it." " Well, this beats everything this do. I could have sworn that a gentleman was there." " It was a mistake. Hark ! there is the baby." Nurse Chaffen flew up the stairs. Ann Hopley went on with her ironing ; her face, now that she was alone, pale and pensive.. " It is so foolish of master to run risks at this time, when the house is liable to be invaded by strangers ! she ejaculated wearily. " But who was to foresee that the doctor would come bursting in like that ? Pray Heaven, master doesn't show himself again while that woman's here." Mrs. Chaffen sat in the sick room, the awakened baby occupying her lap, and a problem in her mind. Never in all her life had she felt to be so confused. She would not disbelieve Ann Hopley, and yet in her reasoning moments she was fully persuaded that she had seen a a gentleman there, at the top of the stairs. A day or two went past and the subject had never left the woman's mind. Her opinions altered each hour, wavering so that she could not reach a conclusion. But, gradually her mind focussed on other unusual details. Why did Ann Hopley want to keep her in one room ? - and prevent her from moving freely about the house ? She wondered ; was there a gentleman in the the house, after all ? Perhaps, a gentleman keeping himself concealed for some reason or other. The doubt was unfortunate, because it was to bear unpleasant fruit. " Be whipped if it is not the most likely solution o' the matter I've thought of yet !" she cried, striking her hand on the tall fender. " But how does he manage to hide himself from Ann Hopley ? - and how does he get his victuals ? Surely, she can't have been deceiving me ! She'd not be so wicked." From that time on, Mrs. Chaffen looked curiously about her, poking and peering around whenever she had the opportunity. One morning in particular, when Mrs. Grey was asleep, and she saw Ann go out to answer the butcher's bell to receive the meat, and Hopley was safe at the end of the garden, Mrs Chaffen made use of the occasion. She went along the passage to the door where the gentleman had disappeared, and found herself in a dull sitting-room wainscoated with mahogany, its wide modern window looking towards the maze. Keenly, Mrs Chaffen's eyes darted about the room ; but there was no outlet that she could see. The dark panelling went from the door to the window, and from the window around to the door again. After that, she made her way into the small angular passages of which the house had so many. Two of them were bedrooms with beds made up, the others seemed to be out of use. None were locked. Indeed most of the doors stood open ; but in not one of them was there any trace of a gentleman in hiding. That same day when she had finished her dinner, brought up to her as usual, she hastily put the things together on the tray and darted off with it downstairs. Mrs. Grey feebly called to her; but the nurse, conveniently deaf, went out without hearing. The staircase was angular, the turnings were short, and Mrs. Chaffen went through the last one, she inadvertently knocked the tray against the wall. Its plates rattled, its glasses jingled, betraying their approach ; then, she thought she heard a bolt slipped inside the kitchen door. " It's me Mrs. Hopley with the tray," she called out going boldly on. " Open the door." No answer. No signs of being heard. Everything seemed perfectly still. Mrs. Chaffen managed to lodge the tray against the door-post and hold it steady with one hand, whilst she tried the door with the other. But she could not open it. " Mr. Hopley, it's me with the tray. Please open." It was opened then. Ann Hopley flung it wide and stood there staring, a saucepan in her hand. " What, have you brought the things down ?" she exclaimed in a voice of surprise. " Why on earth couldn't you have let them be till I came up ?" The nurse carried her tray onwards, and put it on the board under the window. At the table, not having been polite enough to his wife to take off his flapping straw hat, sat the gardener, munching his dinner as toothless people, his back to the light. " Why did you keep me waiting at the door ?" asked the nurse, not pleased. "Did you wait ?" returned Ann Hopley. " I was in the back place there, washing out the saucepans. You might have come in without knocking." " The door was bolted." " The door bolted ! - not it," disputed Ann. " The latch has got a nasty trick of catching, though." " This is fine weather, Mr. Hopley !" said the nurse, leaving the point uncontested. and raising her voice. He seemed to be as Ann had expressed it, as deaf as a post. Neither turning his head nor answering, but keeping on at his dinner Ann bent her head to his ear. " The nurse, Mrs. Chaffen, spoke to you Hopley. She says what fine weather it is." " Aye, aye, ma'am," said he then : " fine and bright." What more might have passed was stopped by the ringing of Mrs. Grey's bell ; a loud, long, impatient peal. The nurse turned to run. " For pity's sake don't leave her again, Mrs. Chaffen !" called out Ann Hopley with some irritation. " If you do, I shall complain to Mr. Moore. You'll cause the fever to return." " I could swear that she slipped the bolt to keep me out," thought the nurse, hurrying along. " Drat the cross-grained woman ! Does she fear I shall poison her kitchen ?" CHAPTER XXV. WATCHING THE HOUSE. Mrs. Jinks's new lodger, Mr. Strange, was making himself at home, not only at Mrs. Jinks's house, but in the village generally, and gradually getting familiar with its stories and its politics. Talking with the men at the station one hour, chatting to the field labourers the next ; stepping into the shops to buy tobacco, or paper, or lozenges, or what not, and staying a good twenty minutes before he came out again, Mr Strange was ingratiating himself with the local world. But though he gossiped freely enough outdoors, and with Mrs. Jinks within, he did not appear anxious to cultivate intimacy with the social sphere ; but rather avoided it. The Rev. Mr. Cattacomb, relying on the information that the new lodger was a gentleman reading for Oxford, had taken the initiative, and made an advance to acquaintanceship. Mr. Strange, while receiving it with perfect civility, intimated that he was obliged to decline it. His health, he said, left him no alternative, and he had come to the country for entire quiet. As to his reading for Oxford, it was a mistake, he hinted. He was reading ; but not with a view of going to any college. After, that, the gentlemen bowed when they chanced to meet in the passages or out of doors, perhaps exchanged a remark on the fine weather, and there it ended. The reader has not failed to detect that this 'Mr. Strange', the name caught up so erroneously by Mrs. Jinks, was in reality the shrewd detective officer sent down by Scotland Yard in search of Philip Salter. His instructions were, not to try to hurry matters to an abrupt conclusion, but to track Salter patiently and prudently. A case on which he had been recently engaged had been hurried and lost. Circumstances connected with it had caused him to lose sight of his visual prudence ; he thought he was justified in his actions, but the result proved him wrong. With this failure on his mind, and the orders of his masters in his ears, he aimed at following an unhurried and measured path towards his goal. And just as well ; he could not really hurry, for there was nothing much to hurry over. For some time not a trace of any kind could Mr. Strange find of Philip Salter. People with whom he gossiped talked to him without any reserve ; he was sure of that. He would shrewdly lead the conversation and twist it the way he wanted, but he still heard nothing of anyone likely to be Salter. The man might as well have never been within a hundred miles of Foxwood ; or never existed at all for all the trace there was of him. Scotland Yard, however, was sure that Salter was to be found somewhere close by, and that was enongh. Mr. Strange, personally, also felt sure of it. Knowing of the visits of Sir Karl Andinnian to Detective Burtenshaw, and their object, Mr Strange's attention was was especially directed towards Foxwood Court. Before he had been three days in the area, he had won the heart of Giles the footman, who was much at liberty just then through the temporary absence of his master and mistress. Strange treated Giles to numerous glasses of the best ale at a variety of public-houses on a number of occasions. Giles, knowing no reason for reticence, freely described all he know about Foxwood Court ; the number of inmates, their names, their duties, their appearance and all the rest of it. Not the least idea penetrated his brain that the gentleman had any motive for listening to all these details, save the whiling away of some of the day's idle hours. There was certainly no one at the Court that could be identified as the missing man ; thus, so far Mr Strange had lost his time and his ale money. Of course, he put questions as to Sir Karl's movements - where he went during the day, what calls he made, and what he did. But Giles could not give much information on these subjects. In short - from what he could gather from Giles and others, there was no one, in or about Foxwood, then or in time past, that might be Philip Salter. He heard Mr. Smith spoken of - " Smith the agent, an old friend of the Andinnian family" - but it did not occur to Strange to attempt to identify him with the criminal. Smith the agent (who Strange was yet to see) was living openly nearby, visiting the tenants on the estate, appearing at church and transacting his business and pursuing his course without concealment. That was not how Salter would have dared to live, and the detective did not give him one suspicious thought. No ; wherever Salter might be, he was evidently in strict concealment and it was Mr. Strange's business to hunt him out of it. In the meantime, no speculation whatever had been aroused in the village as to Mr. Strange himself. He had taken care to account for his stay there at the first occasion, and people's minds were at rest. The gentleman in delicate health was free to come and go ; his appearance in the street, or roads, or fields, excited no more conjecture or observation than did that of the oldest inhabitant. The Reverend Mr. Cattacomb was stared at whenever he appeared in consequence of the proceedings at St. Jeromes ; Mr. Strange passed along in peace. Still, he learnt nothing. Sir Karl and Lady Andinnian had returned home some time ago ; Strange often saw them out together, or separately as might be, Sir Karl sometimes driving her in a beautiful little pony chaise. But still there was no trace of the man he was really looking for. Whether or not he might have eventually given up game for utter lack of scent, cannot be known. A clue - or what he thought was a clue - arose at last. It arose out of a slight misfortune that happened to him. Entering the house one evening at dusk, before the passage lamp was alight, he chanced to put his foot into a tray of wine-glasses that the young maid had incautiously placed on the floor outside the parlour-door. In trying to dart back and save the glasses, Mr Strange slipped, went down on his right hand, broke a glass or two and cut his hand in three or four places. Miss Blake was there at the time, helping to catechise some young children ; she felt concerned about the mishap, and kindly went upstairs to the drawing-room to see its extent. The hand was in a bowl of warm water, and Mrs. Jinks was searching for linen to bind it up. " Why do you put it into water, Mr. Strange ?" she asked. " I will make it bleed all the more." " Some glass may have gotten under the skin," he replied. " Will you have Mr. Moore ?" But he laughed at the notion of sending for a doctor for cut fingers, and he bound up the hand himself, saying that it wonld be all right. The next day, in the afternoon, Miss Blake made her appearance in his room to inquire as to how the damage was progressing, and found Mrs. Jinks in the act of assisting him to dress it with some precious ointment that she vowed was better than gold, and would not fail to heal the cuts in a day or two. Miss Blake had previously a spoken to Mr Strange, having often met him going in and out this residence. She sat down ; and the three were chatting amicably when then were pounced upon by little Mrs. Chaffen. Happening to call in to see her cousin, and hearing from the maid downstairs that Mrs. Jinks was dressing a gentleman's injured hand - the nurse ran up offer the benefit of her experience. She took the hand out of Mrs. Jinks's into her own, and dressed it and bound it up as well as Mr. Moore himself could have done. Her task was nearly over when, by a curious coincidence - curious, considering what was to come of it - the conversation turned to ghosts. To ghosts, of all things ! A noise had been heard in the house the previous night by all of its inmates - a noise that had been accounted for. It was like a piece of heavy furniture falling down. It had woke Mr. Cattacomb ; it had woken Mrs Jinks ; it had startled Mr. Strange, who was not asleep. The account of this was being given to Miss Blake, Mr Strange gravely asserting it must have been a ghost - and that set Mrs Chaffen off. She proceeded to tell them with real gravity, not assumed, that she did believe a ghost, in the shape of a gentleman in dinner dress, haunted the Maze ; or else her eyes were taking to see visions. It should be mentioned that after a week's attendance on Mrs. Grey, Nurse Chaffen had been discharged. The patient was then doing quite well. Mr. Moore saw that it worried his patient to have the nurse there - so he took her away. The summary dismissal did not please the nurse and she revenged herself by reporting that the Maze had a ghost. As a rule, people laughed at her and thought no more about it, but this afternoon her tale was to bear different fruit. She told it consecutively. How she had been quite flurried by being suddenly called out by Dr. Moore ; how he had taken her straight off to the Maze without saying where she was going till she got to the gate ; how she and the doctor had seen the gentleman at the top of the stairs ; how she took it to be the sick lady's husband ; how watched him vanish into an end room, never to be seen afterwards ; how the servant, Mrs. Hopley, had vowed through thick and thin that no gentleman was, or had been, or could have been in the house, unbeknown to her and Hopley. Nurse Chaffen talked away to her heart's content, enlarging upon her story. Not one of them interrupted her ; all listened with interest had she run on until midnight. Mrs Jinks from her love of marvellous tales ; the detective because he believed this might be the clue he wanted to find Philip Salter ; and Miss Blake in her resentful condemnation of Sir Karl Andinnian. For, that ' the gentleman in dinner dress' was Sir Karl, who had stolen in on one of his secret visits, she would have staked her life on. " A tall gentleman with dark hair, you say ?" questioned Mr. Strange indifferently. " Tall for certain, sir. As to his hair, I don't know. It might have been darkish. I noticed he had nice white teeth." " Salter had good teeth," was the thought in Strange's head. " I have found him !" " And in dinner dress ?" added Miss Blake with a cough. " That's how it looked, ma'am. The sort of coat that gentlefolks wears." " And you mean to say you never saw him after that ; never but that there one time ?" interposed Widow Jinks. " Never at all. The rooms were wide open while I was there, but he wasn't in any one of them." " Then I tell you what, Betsey Chaffen; it was a ghost, and you need not hesitate to say it." " Well, you see he didn't look like a ghost, but like an ordinary gentleman," confessed Mrs. Chaffen. " What got me was, Ann Hopley standing there, saying that neither ghost nor gentleman was there, and that she'd swear that on oath." " Thank you, you've done my hand up beautifully, Mrs. Chaffen. I should give credence to the ghost theory. Did Mr. Moore see the appearance of this gentleman ?" " Yes he did, sir. I'm sure he did. For he lifted his head, like at the gentleman, and stood still when he got to the top of the stairs, staring at the room he had vanished into. I told him a day or two afterwards that Mrs. Hopley denied that any one had been there, and the doctor quietly said, " Then we must have been mistaken." I did not like to ask whether he thought it was a ghost. " Oh I think you may depend upon the ghost," returned Mr. Strange, biting his laughing lip. " Well, sir, queer stories was told of that Maze house in the late tenant's time. My cousin Jinks knows that well enough." " It was haunted by more than one ghost then, if all folks told true," assented Mrs. Jinks. Mr. Throckton's son - a wild young blade he was - hung hisself there. I was but a girl at the time." " Ah, perhaps one of the old ghosts came back again ; not been laid yet," solemnly remarked the detective, staring at Mrs. Chaffen. " Did the lady herself seem alarmed ?" " Well, sir, I can't say she did, because she couldn't have seen it and was too ill. But she does have a curious manner about her." " Curious ?" questioned Mr. Strange. " Yes sir, curious. As if she was always frightened. When everything was as still as still could be, she'd seem to be listening like, as though expecting to hear something. Now and then she'd start up in bed in a fright, and cry out what was that ? - when there had been no noise at ail." " Feverish fancies," quietly remarked Mr. Strange, with a cough. By and by, the party separated. As Nurse Chaffen was descending to the kitchen, leaving Mrs. Jinks putting the room to rights, Miss Blake, who had gone down first, put forth her hand and drew the nurse into Mr. Cattacomb's parlour ; that reverend man being absent on one of his pastoral calls. " I was so interested in what you were telling us, nurse," she breathed. " It seems to have quite taken hold of me. What was the gentleman like ? Did he resemble any one you know - Sir Karl Andinnian, for instance ?" " Why, ma'am, how can I tell who he resembled ? - I didn't get enough look at him for that," was the answer. " I saw his head and his tails - leastways the back tails of his coat when he turned. Except for his teeth ; I did see them." " And they were white teeth - good teeth ?" " Oh beauties. White and even as a die." " Sir Karl's teeth are white and even," thought Miss Blake to herself. " Had Mrs. Grey any visitors while you were there, nurse ?" " Never a one. Never a soul came inside the gates, good or bad, but the doctor. I don't fancy - the lady has made friends in the place at all ma'am. She likes to keep herself to herself, Ann Hopley thinks, while Mr. Grey's away." " Oh naturally," said Miss Blake. And she dismissed the woman. The widow Jinks had a surprise that night. Mr. Strange hitherto so quiet and well-conducted, asked for the latch-key ! She could not forbear a caution as she gave it him ; not to stay out too late on account of his health. He laughed pleasantly in answer ; saying he expected a friend down by the last train from London, and might stay out late with him. But he never went near the station, and he met no friend. Keeping as much in the shade as a very bright moon allowed him to do, Mr. Strange arrived by a roundabout way at the gate of the Maze, and let himself in with a master- key. " What a dolt I was, never to have suspected this enclosed place before !" he exclaimed. " Salter is lying here in concealment ; there can be no doubt of it ; and if his career's at an end he may thank his own folly in having allowed himself to be seen by that Chaffen woman. Wonder who the sick iady is ? Perhaps his wife ; perhaps not. And now - how to get through this maze that they talk of ? Knowing something of mazes, I daresay I shall manage it." And he did. His keen intelligence, sharpened no doubt by experience, enabled him to hit upon the c!ue. He got through the maze ; he regarded the house from all points ; he penetrated to the outer path or circle, and went round and round it ; he made, so to say, the outer premises his own. Then he went through the maze to the house again. It lay quietly steeped in the moonlight. He stood back over the lawn against the laurel trees that were beyond the flower beds, and gazed carefully at it. In one of the rooms a night-light was burning faintly, and he fancied he could hear the continuous wail of an infant. To make sure whether this was so, or not - he moved forward a little on the lawn ; but as that brought him into the moonlight, he retreated into the shade again. Most of the windows had blinds or curtains drawn before them ; the only one that had none was the casement over the portico. Mr. Strange stood there, as if rooted to the spot, making his silent observations. " Yes ; that's where the gentleman is lying concealed safe enough ! Safe enough so he thinks. There may be some difficulty in safely capturing him. He'd not dare to be here without facilities for guarding against surprise and for getting away on the first sound of the alarm. And, this is a queer old house ; there may be all kinds of hiding places in it. I must go to work cautiously and it may be a long job." The moon was beginning to wane when the detective officer with his false key got out again : and he thought his work tolerably well cut out for him. The faint wailing had been obvious. For the first week or two of the child's life it had seemed to thrive well, small though it was ; but, after that, it became a little delicate, and would sometimes wail as though in pain. On this night the child - who slept with its mother - woke up and began its crying. Ann Hopley, who was wakened by the slightest noise, awoke, and seeing that her mistress did not seem to be able to sooth it, left her bed to try and do so. Presently, in going to fetch some medicine, she had to pass the casement window in the passage ; the one that was uncurtained. The exceeding beauty of the night struck her, and she paused to look out upon it, the old black shawl she had thrown on being drawn closely round her. The grass shone in the moonlight ; some of the leaves of the laurels flickered white in its rays. At that same moment, as the woman looked, some movement directed her attention to these very laurels ; and to her utter horror she saw a man standing there, apparently watching the house. An intense fear seized her as she drew aside - but the black shawl and the small diamond panes of the casement window prevented her from being observed. Her first impulse was to rush through the passages to arouse Sir Adam Andinnian. Her second impulse was to wait and watch. She remembered her master's dangerous fiery temperament, and the pistols he kept always loaded. This intruding man might be some wretched night marauder, who had stolen in after the fruit. Watching there, she saw him go in the direction of the fruit trees, and concluded that her surmise was correct. So she held her tongue to her master and mistress. The latter she would not alarm ; the former she dared not, lest on some other night he should take up his stand at the window, pistol in hand. Two things puzzled her the next morning ; the one, was how the man could have got in ; the other, that neither fruit nor flowers seemed to have been taken. That same day, upon going to the gate to answer a ring, she found herself confronted by a strange gentleman, who said he had called, hearing the house was to let, and wishing to look at it. Ann Hopley thought this rather strange. She assured him it was a mistake and that the house was not to let ; that Mrs. Grey had no intention of leaving. Then he rather pressed her to go in and look at tbe house, ' in case it should be to let later. ' She persisted in denying him admittance, urging her mistress's present sick state as a reason for keening out all visitors. " Is Mr. Grey still at home ?" then asked the applicant. " Mr. Grey has not been at home," replied Ann Hopley. " My mistress is alone." " Oh indeed ; Not been here at all ?" " No, sir. I don't know how soon he may be returning. He is abroad on his travels." " What gentleman is it, then, who has been staying here lately ?" Ann Hopley felt inwardly all of a twitter. Outwardly, she was quietly self-possessed. " No gentleman has been here at all, sir. You rmust be mistaking the house for some other one, I think. This is the Maze." " A lady and gentleman and two servants, I understand, are living here." " You are quite mistaken, sir. My mistress and us two servants live here - me and my husband - but that's all. Mr. Grey has not been here since we came to the place." " Now, that's a disappointment to me," cried the stranger. " I have lost sight of a friend of mine, named Grey, for the past year or two, and was hoping I might find him here. You are sure you don't know when Mr Grey may be expected ?" " Quite sure, sir. My mistress does not know herself." The stranger stepped back from the gate to take his departure. In manner he was a very pleasant man, and his questions had been put with easy courtesy. " And you are equally sure the house is not about to be vacated ?" " I feel sure that if Mrs. Grey had thoughts of vacating - she would have informed me. But in regard to any point connected with the house, sir, you had better apply to the landlord, Sir Karl Andinnian." " Thank you ; yes, that may be the best plan. Good morning," he added, taking off his hat, with something of French civility. " Don't think she is to be bribed," thought he as he walked away. " At least not easily. Perhaps I may in time work my magic on her." Ann Hopley locked the gate with double strength - at least in imagination - then pushed through the Maze and in a confused state, so entirely had fear overtaken her. In the height and shape of this man, who had been questioning her, she fancied she saw a resemblance to the one who was watching the house during the night. What if they were the same ?" " The end is coming !" she murmured, clasping her hands together. " As sure as my poor master is alive, the end is coming." Not to her master or his wife, did she impart this, but to Karl Andinnian. It had happened that Karl went over to the Maze that evening. Ann Hopley followed him out as he departed, and told him of her visitor amidst the trees. It startled him to a more painful degree than it had startled her : for, oh, what were her interests compared to his ? " Inside the grounds - watching the house at night ! " he repeated with a gasp. " Indeed, indeed, he was, sir ! But I hoped it was only some thief who had come after the fruit. I thought he might have come over from the field by means of a high ladder. That would have been nothing. But if this is the same man, it means trouble." What was there to do ? What could he do ? Karl Andinnian went out, the question beating itself into his brain. Why, there seemed nothing for it but to wait and watch. He took off his hat and raised his head to the summer sky, in which some stars were twinkling, wishing he was in that blessed heaven above where no pain can come. What with one tribulation and another the earth was becoming such a hard place to live. 