THE LANDS TWO HUNDRED FEET BELOW. (ax ABoBieiaaL x«oekd ) The stream iu the river was not very high, sad 1 Mt aa Irreaistsble desire to turn off the Blue Ifooatam road and fight my way through the dense underwood that grows on the borders, and even in tbe middle of th* stream called the Uprer Coliban. A more wild and fairy-like toena it would be mpossible to find In spite of the dense nature ot tbe underwood—for the forest trees do not grow Tery clsisly together in this locality—I wended my way, alewly hot surely, along tbe coarse of the stresm. It wss impossible te trev>l in a straight line for five yards, bat the winding interruptions and tbe pretty peeps, disolosed at «v*ry tarn, well repaid the labour ot travslliag sueh acig-z<g road. Now aad again I had te changs my course to avoid some druid-like stone of poaderous aiss, grey with age an i partly clad ia mess. Sometimss a tree rooted *p by the storm would lie asross my path, snd often a clomp of tea- tree, too tbiek to be entered, woald have to be aveided, ticakes there were many, and Iizirds withoat number. Now an! again the wind would breathe through Ihs trees, aad bring upon its brcs'b the moat delicate perfume of wattle blouses. Th clear stream thai travelled ovar gravel beds, an occasionally wsnl babbling through blue stone benlders, was my guide. Had I not been fsvoarsd by ths downward stream that ever led mt on, I could net have, vaatarad into saoh a bewSdeiing mass ef vegetatian. There wars fairy-like wattle groves aai open spasss, shaded by lighlwood trees, whose bright green braaehes ferss a charming cantraefc to'the sombre brown vegetation all arottad. After wending aoy way through this forest, led on by that aame fsseination that sustains the huntsman is in his wild career, I cane to an open spaoe. Still, looking down the valley, there seemed u> me to be ajvde>p dark chasm farther oa. The river I saw not, bat I heard a loud roar. Going on a little further I eteod on the edge ol a precipice, over whisk the etream tumbled in a crystal shest, sad et the depth ef eighty feet it fell with a tremendous seise into s pool of water whioh it belt iato a white frothy foam. There rose from this pool a light vapoury oloud-like steam. This wss a cloud of fine particlss of watsr beaten into a dewy-like vspotu by the ooncusiioa of the waters below. Inspired by a feeling of cariosity, I found my way to the bottom of this gerge, and travelled np the narrow path that leads to a natural grotto right ander the fall. I need not ssy lbs grest broad stream of water, falling from ths edge of the wall-like reck above and dashing into a pool of snowy foam, is really grand. The eteady roar of tbe water becomes 'monotonous, bat its offset en tbe mind is quite in harmony witk tbe scenery La i lue piece from which you view it. The roj! of he grotto io which lest was not nnlike t e ^roa i *p»n of a railway arcb, and some of the etone* above appear to have a etreng inclination to fell. Ti.ey look ss though they were tired of the setting in whioh for ages they have rested—since the masen ef nature baili tbem in there. Farther in, the roof slopes down watil there ie barely room for a man to stand upright. There was a plot at grass in one plate, aad wild creepers depended from the wall overhead. I went to this place, and there, in a enng little corner, was a well sqaared stone, the farface of whioh was .warn quite smooth, aa if it had leng been used as a seat. It was dry, too. I wu tempted to take my seat. No eooner had I eat down than I thought I felt it move. I rose again and looked at it, bat there il was ss ct >ne-like and still as a atone coald well be. I sat me down again and again ; I felt ths stms movement, and thought I besrd above ths sound of me falling water—a low ramblibg aoite like the sound of distant thunder. A breath of wind, tee, came from ths dark recesses of the cave late which I had not vsatared. I eould have gone in there on my hiadi and knees, but I did aot feel disposed to ventmre. I was eo far in the oave or grotto, the entrance to whieh is shaded by shrubs and sreepars, that I only had the benefit of a kind of tailight. I looked at tha other end of the cava, and there I saw—-now my eyes had beoome scoaatomed to the molt light—a dark and vaoll-lika do tr as if o rudely oat ot the 100k. X ^membered the scene in Feast, from which the distsst voioesj cams, and ths made of the coacerfe infernal. The chorus < Ah, ah,' I even thought I heard it now; bat I listened more intealy, snd only heard the iasessant roar of the falling water from tht roek above. Te venture to that deor, I woald not, bat I shook myself, smote my breast, Balled oa myself to ignore thest ghostly fears, and anjey the situation and its novelty. I remembered, too, that I bad OH Bia* in my pocket, a flask of brandy, and some eandwitehee in my reticule—I had borrowed my sister's—and some fine sigars. Armed tbos, what had I to fear} The Coliban falls were known to many bnahman, and aa for the ghosts and all eraaiuies of that geam everybody knows they are aot yet aoalimatised in Tictoria! I drank my brandy like a aaan and ate my aandwiohas. But in spite of all my eang froid ths stone on which I eat would insist on meviog. When I rose to examine it, it wss as firm as any rock should be, and not balsnced to a point as I eadeavoared philosophically to aappose. I found myself, however, growing very careless, and I sat down on my stone ssat, resolved to let it rock if it woald. I palled out my eigar eats and lighted ene of the best weeds I had got—parcuated at Bradley's or the Junction, I am sot saie which—and pufbd away in a very contemplative mood. Wnile I was thlaking I thought to myself I would ntv-r again feature rat withoat a companion, for although there is a certain ohsnn in being alone in the forest, il is not altogether pleasant. There was no oas there to otter back a word in response, to me—no one to smoke with—no one to change a dietoal train of thought. If I had b-oken my leg," taken a fit," or bad ont of those aforesaid rocks fallen on to n»y head, I should be hslpless, and my evil'Iate woald only ba known when it was tot late. I waa musing thus, and looking out through the only open vista afforded me in the po&tioa; I oecmpied, and even that was covered by tbe ever-falling glassy sheet of water, when I beard oa my left side, coming from the dinotion of the cave like doer, a gentle tread. I was looking in the direction I have before mentioned, end my eigar was ia my moath. I was looking with one of thoat mesmeric starts all people experieace at times. I ceald Aot aoflx my gaze. I was painfully toasaoos of the pr est nee of some one on my left hand s<de, bat I eould not move. A sold, clammy perspiration overspread my faee snd frswe. The smake from my cigar sailed np aad made my eyes water, but I eould not mevt my head or remove the cigar from my meath. I sat like a petrified msn, rivetted to ths stone, thst now seemed to be holding me fast like the Prince in tbe Arabian Nights, whoae nether parte were turned into diarble and remained in thit eiony condi* tiou until aeertain o-iarm had been wrought. A|theatand thoaghts ran through my bead I thought of running. I tried to plonk up enough aonragero look around. I pooh poshed my inward fears, bat they would not fly away, liy head at the bidding of my will w-tild not luok ronrnd. It was fixed, as if in a Spanish gatetticg machine. Then I tried to lock in different, aad pratrndtd to be looking abstraa.adly towards the -opening ot the cava. Bat I knew thai if aa; iotelleotosl being wu looking at me ha woald know from my cigar-smoked eyes that I waa aoi at dteply abambed as I pretended to be. I waa eonsdevs. of the frxeua ot eome one, yet who eoald it be ? Zfo earthly being coald come Croat that direction, unless he had beta secreted there toetere I entered the cave, and I had stopped the way far mora than aa hour. Sbtald I snatch np my retitule and halt oat i That woald losk unmanly, aad very ridisaloua. All these, and other thoughts rushed through my head, as if my brain had baen turned into a railroad, and all tha express trains ia the world were rustling at 60 mile an hoar speed ever it. Was then a vulgar busoranger hare, or an ostaped ••evict f If that was all, I eoald face oas well enough, but. not a epirit. At last, sxerosing my utmost will, and patting forth a desperate effort, I blinked my watnriat eyea and lookei round, and there, tan enough, aepiril stood, gazing oo m with a etrange txpreeaien. If I were to analyse that look I should eay that it eaasieted of two parts—chronic melancholy, thr>a parts mirth, aad thiae parts pity,—aad four parts oeatompt> making twelve pans of sentiment. Wall, tkoaght I to myself, hera a a prstty go. Ail alone witb a spirit, «nd no ont' pmeat to h-lp me. I ^mppose, thought I, this'spirit intend! to drag me through that sarelikt deer, snd hand sis prematurely c ver to the safe keeping of Flnto, lest I should escape by some i aocident net of my mwa devising. Now, perhaps yoa are turioas, aad wish to knew how this spizit was alad, thinking, ao doubt, that yoa will be able to trip ^ me up. ^ by ^ aiguiag _ that if there are te spiritual bodies " there " oan budly be spiritual b e ^ ^ J V ^ r Lt i ghost, or spirit, wis perfsetiy naked . ss atktdai I ths hiirleai hone. From the tip of bis nose to the— (f was going to ssy point o< his tail—but he tad none, of eonrse)—there was neither nataral nor artificial covering. This, as I thoaeht, was aa it ehoald be Adaa and Bve, aa the allegory runs, bad no olothes till after tbe f.11 Ana. earely. if msn, sensitive mis, in bis primeval state, eoald do witboa' clothing, spirits oi the other world can i Wall, my spirit had no elothas, aad aeedrd none. He stood like s noble statu*—like 4.polio BUvideie. Kay. no Tborwalsden, no Bnonarotti ever tamed out saeH a maateily figure at I saw standing in that eO"l gro'. The I*w4est eye eoald never lsagh or see alight to jest or jeer at. On oas occasion the master, Michssl Angelo (named after the Archangel Itichael) went to see a Blame oarved by a contemporary sculptor, whese reputation bad been loudly noised abroad. Angelo viewed ths work from eveiy point si view, and at last said, "" It has only one fsnlt." He then went heme agsiou When the Itatiaa marble-cutter was dying he sent for Itichael and asked kim, ss his lsst request, ts say what faalt ths staiae he had viewed some time bsck possessed. The g'sse of desth was •tiwly oovsring the eye of the dying msn, end Angelo softly whispered in his ear," Ton say I stid It bsd oas fsalt. So it had, bal only ene—it wanted breath." A dim fire of pleasure shot from the eyes of the dying man, and tbea he olosed thes for ever. Now the spirit I ssw in ths grott* would very well pass far the spirit of the statae Angels praissd—if statues ever have spirits. This mystarioais spirit b-ckoned me to follow on. He led ths way towirds the deer ef the inner save. I fall sn irrasirtible power upon me, and I followed mschaoioally, leaving my cigar—Brat'ey'* cigar ot tbe Jnnetion tiger—en a ledg • of rook as I passed along. I >n tared tbe door, and when I got inside the night-dark passage a pos- (ieroas slip of rook desoeoded end closed the entrance I felt a dull sense of oppression (I was a saburranesn prisoner. Yet I followed the figsre-I oonld now wnly see neiadeasly moving before me, as if in the grim vanlt ef some sneienl nunnery. Presently I tarned s corner, aad a brilliant bat peculiar light appeared, and (be spirit I bad before seen only ss a spirit shone with a light of his own. No man on earth ever looked mote firm and solid than he. He led tbe way into a most oharming chamber. It was lighted with a peculiar phosphorescent light, jost as it a myriad of glowworms were shedding forth their eleotris splendours. Bat from thr jewelled walla aothing but reflections came. Fro as the roof of the dumber de p;nd>d chandelier-like crystals giving for h theit msny-colered diamond lights. Where the light came from I ciuld not tell. The atmosphere iieelf wsa not an illuminated one, bat as clear as ths air on a spring morning. The light was as bright, as sift and beaa'ifal as It wss mysterious. Tbe chaathar I now saw waa veiy extensive and varied in its shape: Tbe roof was nek, in any part, flat or even, and tbe walls were not, in in any place, even, except here and there, where mirror- like places stood, rtflec ing all that wss in <hs ehambtr, and showing another chaaiber. Upsn the crystalprojestions, jat'lng oat from the well, ssnspsrilla and other climbers slang. On a raised terrsce, the front of which was built of magnificent quarts losded with reins of geld, there grew the ehoiossl selection of flowers I ever saw, the soft perfame fiom wbieh was exquisitely delicious The floorof the ch .mbar wss covered with a rich green moss ss soft as velveteen. In the ctntre of the chamber I had entered th»re stood what appeared like a table, but it wss of a shape I never before beheld. It appeared to grow from tbe ground, in tbe centre, like a tree, spreading oat irregn'erly from the centre, bat presenting at ths top a petfrctlyamoolh surface. On ihiatabl- wss painted, with eiquisite skill, tbe m r st beautiful sunny scenery. Sylvan scenes, mountain slopes, rivulets, aad rivers *ere depicted iu panoramic order and with refined taste. In a enag recess at one end of ths chamber wete ranged in order a tempting and delicious solleotion of frui's. Bat there were, beyond, through a graoeful arshway, other chambers. I did not venture to g 1 on to aatisfy a burning curiosity 1 now felt. The epirit looked et me with almoet tender eyes. He saw I was driaking in thv pleasure afforded to my mind by tte Strange and beautiful scene spread out before me. When my wonderment bad somewhat ceased, when my eyes had been ssti fi-d to some small extent, I looked np at the epirit enquiringly, aa much as to say what does all this mean ! why am I here) whatarsyoa] who an yont There was yet another surprise in ste'e for me. Tbe spirit raised at his hand, and directly there welled forth a peeling soand tbst seemed to shake the veiy esrth. Suddenly it died away like distant thunder, and thea there arose the most besatifnlflsato strain that coald enahant tbe ear. The sounds rose aad fell, from the daoeaiig delig&ta; ot demi-semv-^aavera so the grandeur of thundei and tbe roll of tbe storm. The combinations were the most elaborate and oemplieated that eould ravish tbe ear. Bvery thought that eaa flash xhroagh the brain, every impulse the heart can feel, ev<ry pasaien that csn aaimate the bresst, seamed barns on snd expressed by the varied stream of mnsio tbst swelled through those mysterious aabtemnesn oaves. [II yon want to know mora, and what became of my preaieas self, yon mast wait patiently, and read OUB NiXT 