TOWN TALK. The return called for by Mr Walker, re specting the £10,000 expended by the late Government in filling up Crown lands, will show that the filling in of the Western gully has been far and away a more remunerative transaction than the filling in of the lands at Carlton, where £6000 were expended, and only £2000 realised by the sale of the land. For allotments in the Western gully, where only £2000 were expended, £2300 have already been ob tained, and there is at least £2000 worth more to sell. As shewing how much the filling in of the Western gully must have improved the value of the adjoining pro perties, it may be stated that land adjoin ing was Bold before the work was done at an average of £500 per acre, whilst the land sold in the gully, not so valuable, has realised about £1400 per acre. These figures may not be exactly correct, but they are very near the mark. A local land board sat at the Leigh Road yesterday (Tuesday), when between five and six hundred acres were recom mended for alienation. A portion of the Shelford town common was selected. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. Local land boards are to sit at Meredith on July 31st, Colac on August 6tb, and at Rokewood on August 9th. The sittings of the two first-men tioned will commence at 10.30 a.m., and at Rokewood at 12 o'clock. The Assistant Surveyor-General will hold a special board at Clunes on the 1st prox. to hear dis puted applications for portions of the Smeaton Park. The Surveyor-General left Melbourne on Monday, evening for Hamilton and Belfast. Mr Robertson, M.P., is determined not to allow the sludge question to drop. After working at the Lands department for some time, he has at last succeeded in getting an officer instructed to inspect the valley of the Leigh from Ballarat to its junction with the Barwon, and report on the damage caused by the sludge in overflowing the alluvial flats, more especially between Shelford and Inverleigh. The Assistant Surveyor-General arranged matters finally last week, and we understand that Mr H. Morres, the reporting officer, and Mr C. A. C. Wilson, the shire engineer, will meet at Inverleigh on Wednesday, where in all probability they will be joined by Mr Robertson and Mr Moore. The man Casey has not turned up yet, and all sorts of rumours are afloat about him, his previous life, his connection with M'Govern in New Zealand, and the re lation in which his wife stands to another person, who has taken a great interest in the search after him. It is said that he was employed in New Zealand as a driver oa a tramway and while in that position gave some "information to the police which enabled them to catch and punish M'Govern for some offence. This, it is urged by some, caused M'Govern to have a spite against him. A very sensational novel could be written from all that is surmised, and everything that is said to have oc curred in the lives of four of the persona who have recently been brought very pro minently under public notice. The prize list in connection with the first show of canaries, cage birds, pigeon?, and poultry, which is to be held at the Mechanics' Institute under the auspices of of the Geelong Canary, Pigeon, and Poul try Society, has been published. There ore ten special prices, including a challenge cup to be awarded to the most successful exhibitor of canaries, and to be won two years before becoming the property-of a competitor. Of canaries there are no fewer than 43 classes, and in each case three prfcft we offered, Eight distinct passes of British birds are mentioned, ten of Aus tralian and foreign birds, eight of pigeons, and forty ot poultry. The money prizes will amount to a considerable sum in the aggregate, and a large quantity of canary seed, the proceeds of donations, will like wise be distributed among the successful exhibitors. The regulations set forth that the judges will have the power of modifying the prizes where the specimens shown are inferior, and also to recommend additional prizes for specimens of extra merit. In order to afford the public an opportunity of improving their collections, exhibitors are required to state the price at which they will sell their specimens, having the option, of course, of naming a prohibitory price. A meeting of the general committee of the Western Railway Extension League will be held at the Town Hall on Friday 1 evening. As business of importance has to be transacted, a good attendance is de sirable. There was an average attendance of members at the general meeting of the St. Patrick's Society, held at St. Mary's school room last (Tuesday) evening. The presi dent, Sir D. O'Brien, took the chair, and the members having disposed of the usual preliminary business, proceeded to discuss the rules as prepared by the sub-committee. These were submitted seriatim and sub jected to careful consideration before being finally passed.. A few alterations were made and a considerable portion of the new regulations were confirmed, when the meet ing adjourned. The School of Design continues to make very satisfactory progress. Since the com mencement of the present quarter there has been a good accession of new pupils, several of whom, having previously re ceived a practical knowledge of technical design, *iave joined the advanced classes with t&ewriew; of perfecting their studies. The presence of this description of pupils is exactly what the school hat hitherto re quired, as it is felt that their exertions will be a strong incentive to emulation on the part of the juniors. The Lilliputian thieves who effected an entrance into the Bethel mission house through an opening in the flooring, and stole several school books, were brought before the bench at the police court yester day (Tuesday) to answer for their mis deeds. To have placed them in the dock would have been to have made them invi sible, and so they were allowed to stand on the floor of the court. The father of one. of the urchins was in attendance, and the mother of the other, and it was proved that both were under six years of age. Several witnesses were called to prove the offence, and the evidence was conclusive. John Swan, a shoemaker, who ia one of the trustees of the institution, stated that on Sunday, the 7th instant, he missed the books, seven in number, consisting of bibles, geographies, and grammars, from a cup board where they were kept, together with an American broom, looking glass, and lamp. Since then the broom, lamp, and mir ror had been restored by unseen agency, but it was found that the books had been absolutely sold by the children. A neigh bour deposed to having seen a crowd of juveniles round the building including one of the young prisoners, and the other offender inside, and a woman named Stewart admitted having given her daughter fourpence wherewith to purchase the books when offered for sale by the elder of the two. The bench severely censured this woman for her conduct, but as the parents of both children were alive it was consi dered advisable not to send them to a re formatory in the meantime. The father of the juvenile offender who seemed to have taken the principal part in the affair, was bound over in one surety of £10 for the good behaviour of his son during the next six months, while the other, whose mother only attended, was remanded till next day for the presence of his father, bail being enlarged The improvements at Kardinia Park are progressing very slowly in consequence of the difficulty experienced in getting the requisite timber for fencing. It appears that the chief obstacle exists in obtaining the red gum posts, which have been pre ferred because of their durability. This kind of timber is only to be found a con siderable distance in the interior, and the roads, owing to a continuance of the wett weather, render its conveyance almost a matter of impossibility. As yet only a first instalment has been received, and it seems likely that unless the ordinary kinds of timber are adopted, the fencing will be delayed so much that the reason for plant ing will be lost. The half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the Geelong Gas Company, for the purpose of receiving reports, declaring a dividend, &c.;, takes place on the 1st of August. The " Ghost" of the Police Offences Statute was roasted onBatesford Hill, to the comfort of the inhabitants and great amuse ment of the juveniles of the village abou' midnight, on Monday. Earlier in the night a grand musical procession was formed in the township; in front were several bell ringers, with huge bullock bells, followed by concertina players, while a numerous assemblage of kerosene-tin drummers followed in the rear. The "ghost" of the revoked statute occupied a central position, and was borne aloft on poles. It assumed the form of an individual, measur ing over seven feet, dressed in sable gar ments, and the head made from a hollow pumpkin, lighted with a candle, with eyes and features neatly carved, and shoemaker's pegs for teeth gave to the whole an absurd effect. For several hours the procession perambulated the township, creating quite an uproar, and then retired to the hill, where a large bonfire having been kindled, the " ghost" was unceremoniously com mitted to the flames. Granny Smith, a well known old vagrant, who earns her living during the exceedingly brief intervals that she spends out of gaol by begging, was arrested by Constable Shehan yesterday (Tuesday) while in the act of soliciting a ticket for the Benevolent Asylum from one of our local magistrates. She will be brought before the bench to day, and being well known to Sergeant Morton, will probably be re-committed to her old quarters in gaol. The States Opera Troupe are to com mence an engagement in Geelong during the race week. Madame Cora, the female conjuror, is also about to pay us a visit. At the Police Court, yesterday (Tuesday)' a Chinaman named Ah Sien was brought before the bench, charged with vagrancy, but as he could not be persuaded to under stand a word of English he was remanded till the following day, for the presence of an interpreter, A man charged with being drunk and disorderly was discharged. The Mayor and Mr Couves were on the bench. The attention of cabmen and owners of vehicles is directed to a notice issued by the town corporation, intimating that on and after Tuesday next, the bye- law recently passed, for the prevention of rapid driving and riding across the intersections of the public streets of the town, will come into operation. The annual dinner of the members of the Foresters Court Princo of Wales takes place at the Buck's Head hotel, Drysdale, on Thursday. An amusing mistake was committed by an individual bearing the euphonious title of Simon Peter Keam, a farmer from Wallington, who presented himself before the bench yesterday (Tuesday), and having expressed his sympathy for the old woman Jane Hicks, whose adventures between the gaol, the watch-house, and the hospital were recently chronicled, handed over a cheque for 303 to Sergeant Morton to be applied in the cause of charity. Having related how he had known and esteemed Mrs Hicks, because of her respectable relations, and likewise as a native of Corn wall, the worthy Simon hastened in quest of her, while the sergeant, who is cus todian of the police poor box, with an eye to business, made off in the direction of the bank on which the cheque was drawn, On enquiry, however, Simon found to his dis may that the old lady whose misfortunes had excited his sympathies was not the individual he believed, being much her senior, and that the object- of hia solicitude was alive and well, and quite independent of charity. Whether he succeeded in re covering his liberal donation, however, not transpired, but those who-know the pains that the gallant sergeant takes to swell the receipts of the poor-box, are inclined to believe that he will not refund it without a struggle. It is hoped that the friends of the Gee long Kagged Schools who can spare time will attend the annual examination, to be held in the schools at 11 o'clock on Thurs day and Friday this week. The secretary desires to acknowledge, with thanks, the gift of a piece of Geelong tweed from James Volum, Esq., for the benefit of the chil dren. A correspondent writes to us-"In your issue of Monday there is a paragraph stat ing that the provisions of part 1 of the Police Offences' Statute, lately extended to the townBbip of Batesford, have been re voked. By referring to the Gazette, July 12th, 1872, it will be seen that the Police Statute in question is revoked only in so far as the shire council of Corio is concerned, leaving that portion of tha township of Batesford, in the shire of Bannockburn, still under the Police Statute as proclaimed on the 28th August, 1871." The Jiallarat iviau says:-»»c "»"? urged before now that trains should be run. oil the Sunday, and that the libraries should be opened, but Sabbatarian M'CulIoch, Dr. Cairns, and nice young man Balfour, with local Sabbatarians of the Walker "goody" class, have so far prevailed as to prevent rational entertainment and progress on the Sabbath. It will, no doubt, be inter esting to the narrow-minded gentlemen who fanatically" " rave from the top of tubs" against anything like liberalism in religion, to hear of a movement in New York, headed by the great preacher Henry Ward Beecher, to compass these very objects. The movers ask that knowledge shall be accessible to the populace on the day of rest as well as on ordinary work-a d&ys;, and that pleasure shall be equally free to all oa that day bj. means of the railway. The Foot-and-mouth Disease Commis sion on Monday adopted a progress report. The principal recommendations are that cattle which hereafter arrive be quarantined for six months, if healthy or apparently healthy, and destroyed if affected either during the voyage or at the time of arrival. Any cattle in the same ship with diseased animals are to be likewise de stroyed, and fittings, fodder, &c;, are to be burned. - In the case of cattle shipped from England on or before the 1st August next for "Victoria, the expense of quarantine or compensation for the destruction of them to be borne by the Government, but where cattle are shipped after that date importers must bear all expenses and losses. We find from the Courier that the board appointed to hold the enquiry into the state of the Ballarat Gaol concluded taking evidence on Monday, and drew up their report for submission to the Government. Mr Todd, inspector of works for the West ern district, was under examination for a short time, and tendered testimony similar to that given by Mr James (the architect) as to the unsafe condition of the cell doors. The board, amongst other matters, recom-. mended that iron doors should be sub stituted for those now in use leading to the cells ; that two warders be placed on night duty in the corridor; and that the existing communication between the corridor and the kitchen be cut off bo effectually as to prevent prisoners, in making an attempt to escape, penetrating thereto and arming themselves with weapons. Considerable importance was attached to the evidence of Mr Gaunt, P.M.; and the board, acting to a great extent upon his evidence, entirely exonerated the governor and officials of the gaol generally from any blame in connec tion with the escape of Scott and his com panions. The Herald mentions that in. the Mel bourne County Court on Tuesday, Mr Henry Benjamin, professor of music, sued Mr Harry Rickards, the vocalist, to re cover £100 for lessons alleged to have been given to Miss Carrie Rickards, and for the composition of a certain waltz. It was stated for the defence that the waltz was worthless, and that only a few lessons to the value of £4 had been given. His Honor gave a verdict for that amount, but dismissed the claim on account of the waltz. It was subsequently stated that Mr Rick ards round, on enquiry, after giving his evidence, that even the lessons, which he had under misapprehension admitted, were given previous to a former settlement. The Ballarat Post says there is an on dit that a gentleman connected with the smelting operations of one of the local banks is about to mount the Thespian boards, he having found a magnet more attractive than the assay business. 4£On Monday, says the Times and Mines, Mr Win. T. Jones, of Collins-street west," sharebroker, was served with a writ for £3000 damages, claimed by Mr Louis Bernard, sharebroker, Collins-street west, for " slanderous language." The Telegraph remarks that Mr L. L. Smith has taken the bull by the horns. There was some talk of inviting him to a public meeting at Richmond, and to save the trouble he has called one himself for Thursday evening, at the town- hall. The third issue of coin from the Vic torian Mint took place yesterday. It amounted to 32,000 sovereigns, making the total already issued 95,000. The gross receipts of gold up to date amount- to ~53,180oz. Mr Cassius, of Hokitika, who lately figured so prominently in a breach of pro mise case tried in Melbourne, has given a donation of £200 towards the reward of £1000 offered for the discovery of gold bearing reefs south of Teremakau. His claim at Ross has yielded 160oz a week for Bome time past. There is some probability that Mr Hen derson will receive the appointment of assistant engineer in the Waterworks De partment So saystheTelegraph. The Hon. the Speaker entertained at dinner, at his private residence, on Satur day laBt, the members of the new Adminis tration, all of whom, with the exception of Mr Kerferd, who was out of town, were present. The Courier understands that diphtheria is quite prevalent in Ballarat at the present time. A number of cases are said to exist in Peel-street, Like Mr Wrixon, M.L.A., Mr Cope, the member for Normanby, has expressed him self as hostile to the continuance of pay ment of members. The following adds something to the telegram we have already published on the same subject ; it is taken from the Age " At the meeting ot the Selectors' Associa tion, Pleasant Creek, on Saturday evening, for the purpose of defending Mr Grant from the charges made against him, selectors were present from Callawadda and more distant places. The meeting was not very numer ous iu consequence of the inclement wea ther and the heavy floods that have taken place in the district. The following reso lution was proposed by Mr M'Grregor (Cal lawadda), and seconded by Mr Ilutctiings (Stawell)-"That this meeting desires to express the unabated confidence of the selectors in the integrity of the Hon. J. M. Grant, late Minister of Lands, and wishes to record its conviction that the series of attaoks upon his character, to which he has been recently subject by unscrupulous po litical opponents, are groundless, and have no foundation in fact; and further, to place on record its firm belief that in hi3 adminis tration of the Lands department Mr Grant has always been actuated by a sincere desire to encourage bona fide settlement." The resolution was unanimously carried. The speakers strongly condemned Mr Grant's opponents." The Sydney Herald of the 13th inst. was the largest daily paper ever published on this continent. In addition to its usual sheet as large as the Argus, was added another of equal size containing the summary for Europe, and a further supplement as large as that in which the Argus published its last summary. It is nothing uncommon for the Herald to publish two or three sup plements a week. There is nothing new (according to the Ballarat Star) to report about the escaped prisoners Dermoody, Taylor, and Staple ton. The first is presumed to be alone, and the older ones down in the Western district still. The home police have been withdrawn from the pursuit, but the force in thg QuVatatigiw acq stfU qq, qussk It is stated by the Argus that the Sydney Government were on Monday communicated with by telegraph to in quire whether the impediments to the passing of stock across the border were likely to be shortly removed. The Chief Secretary received the following reply in the evening, from which it will be seen that the proclamation prohibiting the passage of stock from Victoria has been extended for another month:-"Sydney, July 15. Telegram for the Hon. the Chief Secretary, Victoria.-With reference to restrictions on passage of stock from Victoria, it appears that cattle from the same yard as the bull Achmet are now on the Murray. Besides, there has been no official intimation that all animals which came in contact with Achmet have been examined and found free from infection, or that stock on-., farms for 10 or 12 miles around the Werribee (where the disease existed for nearly a month) have been inspected and found free from disease. Under these circumstances the prohibition has been extended by proclamation for a further period of one month from 14th inst. (Signed) COLONIAL SECRETARY." - A New Zealand journal states that a son of Mr Gould, farmer, near Pleasant Point, in the Timaru district, while employed digging in the garden, which is swampy soil, turned up a very large and perfect moa's egg, but unfortunately from an ignorance of its value, hroke it. The egg was the largest ever found, and quite perfect, and the loss to science is very great, as may be gathered from the fact that there is only one real egg known to be in exis tence, and that is ia a European museum, for which, although partly broken, it was purchased at a cost of £115. Or Haast has written to Mr Gould with a view of procuring the pieces of the broken egg and re-uniting them. The Telegraph announces that the ex amination of the female students in the classes for instruction in telegraphy, esta blished at the Industrial and Technolo gical Museum, was held on the 9th and 11th of July. The examiners were Mr Robert J. Ellery, the Government as tronomer, and Mr S. W. M'Gowan, the inspector of telegraph service. .Out of a class of twenty-three, twenty- one students presented themselves for examination, and eleven passed:-Mrs Kelly, Miss A. Pohl man, Mrs Roberts, Mrs K. Mooney, Miss Belling, Miss A. Andrews, Mrs Pearson, Miss E. Pohlman, Mrs W. G. Landells, Mrs Sinahan, and Miss Palmer. Miss Palmer was selecced by the examiners for special commendation. We find jthis in the Courier :-" The 29th of July has been fixed for the cere mony of laying the foundation stone of the premises in which the Ballarat "Woollen Company intend carrying on operations. The directors and shareholders appear determined that the inauguration of their undertaking shall be celebrated with be coming eclat. On Monday they addressed a letter to the City Council, asking the honor of their patronage and presence at the ceremony, and at the entertainment which comes off subsequently, and also requesting that a half-holiday should be proclaimed on the occasion. The members of the council considered that they should afford every encouragement to the com pany, and comply with any reasonable application that might be made. It. was decided that the request should be assented to, and the members of the council attend in their official capacity at the ceremony. Much sympathy has been felt in Lear month for a journeyman baker named Joseph White, who was charged at the Learmonth police-court on Monday, with stealing in company, two bags of flour, tho property of his employer, Thomas Lowe, baker and storekeeper, Learmonth. White had been in the employ of Lowe for four teen months in Learmonth and some two months at Ciunes, and was much respected. Lowe on Wednesday last missed two bags of flour, and in consequence had White and a precocious youth named Bastin (on the latter's statement) ai rested and incarcerated in the lock-up. The Ballarat Star says: There was not a particle of proof brought against White on Monday, for hardly had the case been gone into than he was dis charged, the bench being of opinion that there .was'not'the slightest evidence against him. White, to sustain his character, which is very well known in Ballarat and elsewhere, has already instituted proceed ings agaiust Lowe, the damages being laid at an amount considerably higher than the cost of two bags of flour and eight bags alleged to have been stolen. The Sydney Herald states it is reported that no fewer than seventy murders'have been committed in the course of a " labor" cruise among the islands of the South Pacific. It is said that the practice pur sued.was to induce the natives of the dif ferent islands visited to go on board the vessel under various pretexts, and then to drive them down the hatchways by force of arms. The brig Carl was seized some weeks ago by H.M.S. Cossack, at Levuka. An investigation has been held at Le vuka, but the evidence taken does not appear to have been published in the Fijian Press. The depositions have been forwarded to Sydney, and arc under the consideration of the Attorney General. It is said that eight men are im plicated. Three men arrived here under arrest in the Duke of Edinburgh on Wed nesday, and will be probably placed on their trial at the Water Police Court, on .Monday, for offences said to have been committed on board the Carl. The rest of the crew are on board the Meteor, which was to leave for Sydney about the 12th instant. The Carl was fitted out from Melbourne, and the " labourers" were , in tended for plantation work at Fiji. 