The politicians are doing their best to awaken interest in theopening of Parliament to-day, and there is a slight stir, as if strange things were to be revealed. Theatrically speaking, the Ministry has prepared a good bill, and it has at least one performer who is equal to “tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, * *■■■*. scene individable, or poem unlimited.” Still, the Ministry must live in deeds, not words, and must now win the support of sterner critics than those who applaud so readily the much-improved after-dinner speeches. Nor is there any reason to doubt that the Ministry will do its best to carry out what it has pro mised. The first law of ministerial as well as human nature will force it to work, since it cannOt live without. “ Root hog or die” must be the ministerial motto, for it will have •to show that it can and will earn the right to exist. As far as we can judge, there will be a fair show on the Opposition side of the House, but the strength of the opponents will not be so great as their numbers. It is easy to see that there is no definite policy on the anti-ministerial side. Hatred to Mr Dufly will not serve as a cry to go to the country with, and there remains no other cry available at the present time. Truly, the education question may be made a stalking-horse behind which many shots may be fired, but that ques tion is and can be nothing better than a means of .annoyance. The country is not, whatever the Sidrophels may say, longing for a uniform secular scheme. When Sir James M'Culloch brought in his bill we, it will be remembered, said that it would not pass, and we were right, though some of the small-beer chroniclers were merry in their way about our gift of prophecy. A whole host of politicians and journalists deluded themselves upon ; this question, and some, even yet, keep up the delusion and profess to believe that there is no question so important as that of education. In one sense, truly, there is not. Education of the right sort is, or should be, the supreme business of the rulers of, any nation, but this is a wider business than the'teaching of the three Rs, or of the dead-level secular system, which has had a full and hot very satisfactory trial in the United States. Nor would it be wise for any Ministry to try a change of system here now. Sir James M'Culloch, in all Ms glory, could not command his forces on this question, and we. may rest assured that what he could not then do.cannot be done- by the knot of busy bodies who constitute the .Opposition of.the present day. Therefore, this question of education is not one which will serve any politician’s turn, and though it may be cited asamong the sins of omission on the part of the Ministry, it will have no effect on its popu larity outside of, or its strength within Parlia ment. The real test of the strength of the Ministry will be its capacity for work. To bur, mind this colony seems to be on the verge of a great, change. The, attractions,' which will grow stronger from day to day, in Hew? South Wales, Queensland, and : Northern are gradually luring away the-more restless and enterprising portion of our population. Our gold-fields are no longer attractive to adven turers. Agriculture has not provided that outlet for industry, and enterprise- which was once looked for,. and the class of persons who : used to seek' Victoria -in preference to ’other ■colonies is being attracted elsewhere. • We are not sure that, as a community, we are any the worse for this, though our progress may not be so marked, or our reputation so high. If Vic toria can keep a, steadily increasing popu lation occupied at steady work, she will do well, better, perhaps, than if she could, once again, make herself the centre for all the restless and needy adventurers in Aus tralasia. But this.stage of our national life. brings with it i\ew duties. Hitherto statesmen, such as we have had, found no great difficul ties in their way, seeing that there , was always land to sell, and a rich population which had, and even has still, a noble disregard of taxa tion. .... Now, the land is gone,; and'- the people are. beginning to discover that they may live comfortably by living frugally on small incomes. To meet this new state of affairs, to open up the country and render its resources available, the Government must re move all the obstacles to industry, and, provide facilities for the conveyance of, produce from the-interior. For this reason, the Ministry that will work will be the popular Ministry, and its power will not be weakened by re ferences to great questions for which the public just now- cares very little indeed. So discernible has been this bias of the public mind for some time past, that when this pre sent Ministry came into, office we argued that practical work was what the public really cared for, and this has proved to be the case.- The point has now been reached when the trial will be made. The fate of the Ministry is in its own hands. It has nothing to fear outside itself. If it is equal to the wants of the country a life of usefulness is before it, but if it breaks the word of promise to the hope it will be swiftly and effectually des troyed. It cannot evade responsibility, as the M'Golloch Ministry used to, by .‘‘raising a smoke.” It must show that it is strong enough for the place, and willing as well as strong. That being proved, there are no questions now before the country upon which -it can be displaced, and the Opposition, if there be an Opposition, may. obstruct, but will not be able to - destroy. With to-day the proof begins. ....... ... - The City Fire Brigade is about to make an effort to lay a ghost, to covert a mere illusion into something substantial. The powers'that be do not hang,'or drown, or even dip for witchcraft in these dark days of rationalism, so, we. have no hesitation in letting out the secret about the little essay by .the brigade in the necromancy line. In truth, it is no secret at all, but it is desirable that the fact should be still, better known. A ghost in the-deceptive form of a make-believe accident fund has' for a long time past haunted the rooms and passages of the. brigade station, and the horror jhas hung like a bruised and leaky length of hose upon the shoulders of the brigadiers. Now, the fire men have made up their minds to see if the unreal thing cannot be made real, and to take some sort of .substantial shape fruitful of ; good to those members of the brigade whose accidents in the discharge of duty may either temporarily or permanently incapacitate for active service, A soiree in the Alfred TTa.ll \- what is,irreverently called a “ tea fight,” and musical and other, entertainments thereafter, are spoken of as a step towards lay ing the foundation of the fund. The aim is so good, so sensible, so provident, and. appeals so eloquently to those of our townsfolk who have houses and furniture liable to fire, and who sleep every night all the sounder, for knowing, that a gallant band of capable firemen is “ ready, aye ready, ” to rush to their aid in the event of disaster, that we trust the projected soiree will be a great, success. Hitherto only mere driblets have dribbled into, - the accident fund box, but it-is felt now that something more like, the real thing must, be created, and hence the project we have mentioned. It is proposed also that in future a certain portion -of all donations should go into the same box. We think the scheme a fair one. We dis criminate between the annual votes by the local bodies and private donations, though there would be, nothing wrong in appropriating a part of the voted rates to the, accident fund if the appropriation were notified. The firemen have a right to be saved from all cost. They never have, we know full well, perhaps never will be thus held harmless in the matter of personal outlay, but the right exists, neverthe less. It is enough that the fireman gives his time, his body, sometimes his health and life even, without pay, and the least the public, or the local bodies, or the insurance companies can do is. to provide the fire fighters with weapons, and ambulances, and hospital atten tion. In the mean time, the firemen must look to themselves with all Muds of provident sagacity, and make this accident fund a real thing, helpful and permanent. We would have the proposed entertainment, then, a regular “institution,” as the Yankees caU it. The public as a. rule must be ,tickled before its pocket can be got at. We wish great success to the promised soiree, and that being obtained we will glady wish the brigade “ many happy returns of the day.” 