^SpBE^ : WW 1 MUMOIPALITy. To fie the jEioqminer. g IB —A correspondent under 'the signature , I< X Subscriber," has again been BO ill aid- . j as to publish hiBcrude opinions through life medium of your columns. The old and hackneyed aphorism of '' Save me from my L en(is," is undoubtedly applicable in this in- ^! nce.' Your present correspondent would inj ced be sorry to intrude'his ideaB on your valu- • y c space, unless he thought he had good * on. It cannot be permitted that one-sided ,„d essentially false or incorrect statements should be published of occurrences in this municiiiality, when such can be corrected or confuted j,V those both disinterested and better informed ^ to facts. _ _ « Subscriber in his communication to your esteemed periodical, does all in his power, though ineffectually, to screen the laches of our Superintendent of Police. He quotes in support of the conduct of his friend the opinion of [lie Attorney-General, as read in the Council Chamber on Thursday, the 1st instant. Now, aI1y person reading that opinion must be, if lie studies it at all, struck with its conciseness mid impartiality. Whilst it strictly guards by implication the liberty of . even the poorest subject, it yet does not leave open, if sensibly interpreted, any loophole by which the police could be held excusable in permitting • the evasion of evil doers, through. ignorance or neglect on their part. The Attorney-General jjj his short but masterly remarks, says (always referring to the case to which "Subscriber" alludes) that unless the police had reasonable grounds for belief that a felony had been committed, they were not necessarily obliged to act in the matter. The opinion therefore of this eminent legal gentleman is simply conditional. There were in effect very grave grounds of suspicion as adduced by the accuser, in fact tantamount to a proof of the commission of crime. Had the Attorney-General been thoroughly informed he would have ;undoubtedly confirmed and justified the opinion of that experienced and efficient officer the Inspector of Police. "Subscriber" and his {shall I say) alter ego, need not plume themselves upon what they may esteem a victory. They will indeed soon discover any such imaginary triumph to be in reality neither more nor less than a disastrous discomfiture. The ratepayers in this municipality are quite willing to abide by the dictum of the first law officer of the Crown. They know the emphatic and explicit opinion of the bispector of Police for the Colony to be both in accordance with law, practice, and justice. They will not, therefore, submit themselves to even an inconvenience—much less a loss arising from the vagaries or incomprehension, of his duties of an official whose salary they are taxed to pay. In return for which the least I imagine they should expect would be a due surveillance of their properties and their liberties ss free subjects of the empire. The case which has created all this bother, proves that the first is without protec- tion ; and I will now relate a circumstance, or rather an instance which will suffice to show how the latter can be disregarded and despised when the " humour takes the man." Notwithstanding the scrupulous delicacy of cur high local official about infringing the rights of man, the contrast of his conduct on some occasions is striking; as, for instance, on the 28th July last he arrested an unfortunate devotee of " John Barleycorn" on the veiy vaguest of suspicions, and locks him up two nights and 'portions of three days; and why 1 because a paltry rug is missing from an hotel, from whence any person might have taken the article, this very delicate, fastidious, and scrupulous gentleman does not in this case require any set or formal complaint. No ! on the very ghost of a suspicion arising from a foolish vord uttered by an inebriate, he acts on his' own discretion. It is, T hope, unnecessary to mention that the magistrates dismissed the' ridiculous charge when preferred before them. This conduct I will leave " Subscriber," if he to reconcile with his statements, such as fney are. I cannot! I write simply in the interests of the public. It is the duty of the Police to learn their duties, and, what is of far wore consequence, to perform them. Let them • )e assured that the day has gone by when any ignorance or dereliction of duty or information "11 not be overlooked. Englishmen should not ' )e arrested without cause. But though rogues j'f mos tly fools, they are in general not so 0Us as to await await +Jm the convenience any dillitcmte official who may wish distinguish himself as their capturer. The concluding remarks of "Subscriber" tho B ° m y that 1 do not 111 faot comprehend , em - They seem to be aimed at the clouds, cloud Tv therefor 0,refer much to them (not the tn i t a sermon of some sort or other seems 0 intended, The writer, it strikes me, hecT~ makes excuse for a non- performance of duty e in ri• f 'iHl - some w^iAic instances iiiBiiaiiueB the wit law does uuea not uo 111 V, r stric tly define the limits of the same, wu \r venture to state 1 an opinion of mj No one wishes a : policeman to do wrong ivitli^1?' 0ne desires him to act in accordance dwell • The Jaw of the Jand in which we (Lm e vitably on ,some occasion imposes clem®® 011 constables, whether of high or low Chrkr t0 ^kich a tender Jand conscientious sueer -T 1 ""S 1 * 4 -demur. I pass the contemptible it ju "J* our respected Warden, simply because wiifes, y of notice, and in conclusion I s on wi " j 8ma11 amount of surprise that a perr should 8 t o mention jthe "good old Book" preceutf ei to be * so utterly, unguided "by its itient ' 1 b e g you will pardon this encroach- 01 1 your space. . .. VIGIL. 