IMPROMPTU SHOTS' AT PLYING GAME. ? :V ?? BY KIFI/KMAIT. . Members of the House of Assembly have been very. industrious of late, as .far as the attendance" .and talking were- concerned, but much .of,their time and oratory have been. expended .on trivial and \Vorse tliaii"trivial matters, sucli as the per sonal characters of members, suppositions, privi leges, absurd rcas'cms for'forfeiture of seats, supposed-clerical ; precedency^' - and sucli like matters. ' It is wellithat public business was'riot' obstructed and three electoral "districts subjected to electoral excitement; because the letter merely of au Act of ParUameht'^d been infringed.; It is ill that so niuch wordy warfareshouldoccur about the ghost of a' giant,^ namied religious' in equality, 'who' was. buried :in : this colony more, than a ^iiMter of a dentury ago, and'over whose grave, subsequently, 'friends and 'Joes exchanged amicable greeting. . ^.Confound the; spiritists who have raised this unsubstantial bogy to bore us with' its antics,'and,V like -other1 spiritist dembnf strations, createa;dealfof fussy excitement,witl£ producing any practical1'good. Gepffry Crab "fliofu7^h"e^'busir~^llosopher'bf-the'*J%^«sJ577" ? turns tile whole affairJtotheonly practical use derivablftfrom, it^an'occasion for laughter. He pubb'shes iin order of precedency or .procession' which,, as his own hMnjeJ appears at the head, -is^ probably authentic, but. which, nevertheless is, in my opinion, open to exception in instances such as tud. following-^- "Mr.J Glyde, ? father of ; the. House," is set .down"to precede " Ws child. ,. the House.", .."Would.it; not- bo better that . our parliamentary .Nestor, should bear alonj* the House in liis paternal embrace. Messrs. Ayers, Hart, and Blyth arc to range next in all the ' brilliancy of epaulettes j^nd gold lace, ;while:- : the rear is ..to bought nip ' by Aborigines in native^ costume.";' Surely" if the natural order of a{iiin$i '-iisrir tfuly- '-'considered; the primitive costumes'of natives would be placed . at'..the head'of a processio® and rich official' uniforms at- itsi termination. I decidedly ' object to-the line " Ministers of Various Deno nunationsin aiw."- If ministers do now and' then have a row. among themselves, they would not be'likely to indulge in one during a.piiblic procession, especially a$ they are to be followed by '1 Members of the ^aikside Lunatic Asylum." To introduce "the Backbone of the country" . might beJ difficult, but to parade a numerous ' muster, of able-bodied colonists whose "back bones,. in consequence of protracted mis-govern- , meiit,, are scantily . covered with threadbare^. clothing, would be easy enough.- To describe " the Bailiffs" arranged its being after " the three Chief Justices," even if there were three personages^ of that rank, savours slightly of spite, as, also, does making ." the Doctors" invariably precede "the undertakers." Never theless, perhaps Geoffry's ordeti ^-.precedency may be as.. good as any other.' . But, passing . from these less important matters^ where-is the long promised Keport of the Drainage Select Committee ? The members, notwithstanding .; : their, multitude,, of. hairbreadth escapes arrived . safely at home, and their trip appeared to have agreed. with them.. Cannot -they- ngreev on the result of their trip? "Will the report" when'it appears be, of mud, muddy? Or has it'been, presented, printed, and five hundred men or so, in pursuance of. its recommendation, sent to the works to ensure their completion, while-we of Mount Gambier, like Dominie Sampson, have been "oblivious"? Judge Rogers the other-day in the .Insolvent. Court, Ballarat,- by way of enforcing reverence for the dignity of the Court; compelled all, the Chinamen present,:.rftrfy-sfc-' in, number^, to unfurl their .pigtails,.'j.'iSuppose 'that on a future occasion; by way" of-" still ^farther . asserting Tiis supremacy, he should oblige all feiftales present to cast loose their, chignons,, what a scene there .would be in Court .! I:wpnder if he would have the gallantry to provide looking-glasses to aid in reinstating'the incumbrances P A peep at his judicial self in a moral mirror might not be un serviceable to. judge Rogers. .... So the! carriages'of 'Napoleon, the late Em peror of France, have' been sold at ordinary market-prices to an.' English undertaker to. be useij as mdu^mgrftqaches. ' A very impressive and emblematical occiiiTence. . Sic transit gloria muncli:/?::. ~-'.v...'.... ; The ^foUp'ning is the commencement of ail article, in the Iauru&tm; 'im. the" prospecte.lof.'^ drifting I.- Customs^deplining, laiiiT fund /'gone, debt increasing, mad projects .on foot to' revive the^cqlonj-fiwnat is^to.bethe.end of itTlifr drift of the article is' obvious enough, but. what isto arrest the drifting of tliecolony' is not quite so plain. - Has good government teen tried ? vr Sometimes;;; death "fei- caused.; bythe 'most, unlikely trifle:; sbmetiines his.formidable assaults' are ineffectual. ':;The'fatter- sfact was.ilhistrated. .a sTiort .time since vl»y;ja 'Mrs. Mathewson of the: itollrgate,in.the AKU^:road.;;4;She possesses- ari; em^ giv&^^jriJlbw iHisliapely and indigestible artidMjAOT^ by npVmetms partieular as' to their ownership, .OT^by^liat'"mean3 ."they are.-tibtam-" abte. V On;a recent occasion .it appears he " had; : swplla^red-'a Boiieof hugedimmsions," i$ost likely the skull of abullock', aod the bone not finding a "ready p^age clown^liis1 throat, his own passage ^from-. ? to .be inevitable. ''Mts._; jMatlidwsqn(clever.* and ready-witted w6ihany::c6nceiv'ed;tlie'jdea- bfexpeditiiigm amehomtiiug lis death > by cutting :his'- throat.. ^This~ ali6 'did in ;two: places, and extracted the refractory wliicli htfd,bo2M'it.. .1 T!or -some (.rfeason-probably ,the. sak'e of ^appearances- she closed the ."-gashes- by -stitching, .when the bird .recovered ahd has had 'nO "ailment,' hot so'much as a stitch in" the side . sihceilvln-Tact he .-has; been-, more" Ijvely aiid ? aggressive since, ana. probably^ will.next attempt .jto ,operato 011. a whole huUock.VA ' moderate . sizefi;clu.ld in a perambulator would of ©purse be nothing to liim, unless the wheei shpuld 'stick in .'his gizzard, - when."his.-mistress,--in her aiixiety ?for- his yweal,- would no doubt stick* him aghin, 'and thus ektricate' liim from his difficulty or his .difficulty from liiin.. . i ; '. *.] The * following paragraph :from*: an English .newspaper I Contains the > foUowing. improbable statement :^-''Aiwhim;^-i)r. Goss, the Soman \- Cath'oiis Bishpp'-pf Liyeroopl," is so determined' 'not jto be biffi'Siny' trappings,;_of;,woe,"' that he'J^ enfTusted' the -iduties "of his obsequies to' four Protestrmt gentle men on. whom he ;can.:place, the utmost;'conf jfide'nce.thatji^is; request; will. be complied ^with." .Certainly some men: ehtertairi"strange'ivHim^ with regard to the disposal of tlieii* bodies after death j and some1 iiOTe peciihai fctues in regard ' tortlieir mode of departure from the world.;"; Wit-' nessthei^tance.quqtedinthe last. JFatehqi a, man in-New Zealand; whoj preparatd^to coiriihitting suicide, assumed complete ;female costume,. and \' to keep" the rope from Jiiirtiriglffin or 'Bi-eakingthe. skin otmsneck, he'hadfoided^towel neatlyjsoas to cOme-.befos'een .the rope and. his neck. " ? That an individual so.fastidious,in the matter of death, and apparently so femirime in 'predilection could choose'liangirigas ambde'of departure surprises me, for, in spite of a towel to prevent the rope, hurting, 'it- must be a unconifbrtable suffocating sort of process. As regards localities and modes of- sepulture there', is room.for, many diversities . of taste. For instance, there is] "something uncomfortably in the thought, of ljeiug.buried at' 'pa-rrrlowered into ;? ^unlujown. depths, . possibly among unknown nioristers. One' csuinot help fancying that little fishes ' would^ be".nibbling at one's fingera arid toes, ' oi' a suark'dividiug us .during the-, descent-". intoV'two halves, and swallowing one'or bbth.-- -Nor is it. pleasant to ^contemplate - being.. deposited in a crowded city .ceihcteiy, althqugh. the where and the how are in reality of - .no importance to . the deceased.. .Choice, of rpivrticular, spots of mound. and .of particular ^"funeral'' pbseryaiices lias often ; been imiwle by strong as 'well as sensitive iniiids, and :such are 'just;the; minds wliiclij if they con template tlie subject at all, are likely to shrink from the mockery of pomp in 'coniicetion witli [the disposal of their inahimated remuiiis. That Dr.; Goss "may have prescribed for himself an ' unostentatious fiineral is quite probable, but ; that such fact should now be" matter "of newsr piper iiotonety is strange. That to secure his object it was necessary to entrust the matter to four persons, and they of a creed differing from his own, has the appearance of rank absurdity. . . Now that these cojonies have become consider able enough to receive ? membens of the British aristocracy as Governors it would be well if they set native-bom colonists an example of dignified and noble conduct. The Earl of Belmore does not appear to havd.dqne so in'New South Wales. -The Sydney Morning Hm-ald states tliat in Parliament Mr. Tunks enquired "whether it wiis tine that His Excellency the late Governor forwarded to the Colonial Treasury & warrant or other demand for one day's pay after he had formally left his office, while he was detained in the vessel in the harbor of Port Jackson ?' ilr. Lord--' There was no separate warrant for that payment.' Mr. Tunks-'He was paid ?' Mr.. Lord--' Yes''. ' (Laughter.)". Mr.'- Driver-' An English' earl!!" It was sharp practice un doubtedly. But perliaps on the day of his de parture he rendered the colony better service than by any act of'his while on shore. . A Scotch newspaper.informs .us that "Mr; -Aligns Turner, the town' clerk of Glasgow, has been voted by'tlie town council an allowance of £2,750, a'nd; by' the '.Clyde trustees £500 per annum, in , order to induce him to retire. He. consents to accept-.the-terms." I dare say he does. I think I would do the same if I were in his position. ' In'fact,- riot^thstah'diiig my fond ness for Mqiint. GamWer, a less liberal offer than tliat which succeeded with- Mr. Turner would induce me'to retire with the utmost expedition. ,: ; When the mountain passively- declined to go to Mahomet, Mahomet very sensibly, determined to: go; to .the mountain." The .following: para graph indicates a,similar proceeding. If people will not go to; church,-, the church mil hencefor ward be .taken ;to. them . Londoii vicar proposes' an itinerating church, to reach the negiiBbted m'aSses. t A large' furniture'- vanj with .aiielfry. aud_seals.^d..q.ther_fittings.'4iol.dinj5. thirty to forty- persons, is to pass from street to street, gathering a congregation anji {iolding ? worsliip in one1 place;. ;outrunners preceding it to iavite attendance^; and then^pass on to repeat "the same in; another locality; and so from hour to hour ^fiOed: and emptied, teaching a great number who will not xome even to chapels.or to Bible rooms." ."-Will it be fair. to <consider that a parish church ? I presume it wiU,-being an establishmentr^omewhat.. analogous to the parish" enpne;;'with r this'^diffefence,'. .that the latter only proceeds whether" itjs'serit for. The idea isanoriginal one. The worthy vicar' is detentoied to be in the van nf religious progress. The beadle of course will accompany the church to preserve" order among the ^ street larrikins,' and prevent their- stoxinin'g the belfry.' -Should order bfrvpreserved, "and collectionsb'of money be avoided,:it is; highly probable ;that, ,i£ onlyior the sake of novelty, collections of people will he - seeured in theperambulatory.temple. . . . : ?. A'ciirious -freak of nature is recorded in the Goitlbum ?Courier, which states that in the Tuhilk district there'is"a dog without legs or' tail, not a single^vestige.of ejther being visible.." It is'added that'the'body presents the appear tfii'ce ;of-" an elongated ball,' aind . that the animal enjoys perfect health. Tliat certainly is very remarkable,; hut it is by no., means strange that not a vestige of legs w tail is visible, because if 'none ever existed'they cannot by possibility have left any vestige. . But I contend that this living torso is not a db^ ' ; Dogs wag, their tails, and an animal destitute/of: a tail cannot do that. - Be-" .sides, dogs, on the testimony of every naturalist and lexicographer, are quadriipedsj and how can an-animal- without even the rudiment of a single leg be a.fQur-footed creature ?.;,The historian has neglected :tp inform. us.whether the egg-shaped monstrosity lias. .a-liea;d and can bark, and by .wliat means it ^change? its position^.if it has the power of locomotion. Probably it rolls from place to place. . .C; . 