barossa diggings-June 13 [From the Gawler Times Correspondent.!': With regard to prospecting, what is most required under present circumstances is some thing new in the alluvial.' There are still blocks and Dillars amidst the old workinsrs in which patches of gold are being occasionally iouna, and probably will be for years; but people- en tirely depending upon them stand a fair chance Of being starved out. The establishment of a substantial Company upon Goddard's Reef in the Humbug would doubtless be ithe best means of stimulating private enterprise to search for others. . The jumping question has ^claimed some little attention lately, and another case is awaiting the arrival of the. Warden.. The system is generally disapproved of, and not the least noisy in their opposition, when their own interests are not involved, are those who are habitually addicted to it. _____ ? ? A Scotch. Ghost.— How any sensible spectre could expect to bewilder so . practical a- people - as the Scotches difficult to understand; but|tfiev fact remains, that in Edinburgh a reputed ghost has- appeared, it is stated, in various quarters of the city. The. latest information, according to the Edinburgh Courant, has1 re ference to his descent in the open space in front of Holyrood Palace, where he caused much alarmi The ghost is described aB a tall figure, draped from head to foot in white, the face clear as if covered with a phosphorescent sub stance, but the features undistinguishable. The apparition has, it is alleged, been seen by many people. Sometimes it walks calmly about; but at other times gives terrific jumps. A gentle man of high respectability, at the head of an establishment in Princes-street, was much annoyed one evening by the ghost spring ing from the side of the road in a lonely part of Fountainbridge, and standing in front. The gentlenan raised h_ walking-stick in self defence, the ghost gazed earnestly for a few seconds, and then at a single bound went off about a dozen yards along the street, and dis appeared like a flash of lightning. Some people suppose that an unprincipled person is merely personating, but this is considered far more uncomfortable than the hypothesis^ that the affair is genuine. A real ghost is trying to. the nerves, but not dangerous ; you may poka a walking-stick through a phantom, but a sub stantial ghost is a serious nuisance. Is it pos sible that the missing Russian is disporting himself in a long white robe in Edinburgh, and that his 'wandering mania' has daralopod I itself in this fashion I 