SPIRITUALISM PUBLICLY DISCUSSED. The discussion of spiritualism by Mr. David Blair on the one hand, and Mr. John Tyer- man on the other, was finished last evening, at the Independent Hall, Russell-street. Somebody said, at the beginning, that the two committees of three were, at the close, to meet together, and form a conclusion upon the subject. In justice to persons who may think they have a claim upon the time of the comtnitteemen for the next few years, it should be stated that the six gentlemen have no intention of even entering upon the performance of the task. The attendance last evening did not number more than 200 or 300. Of spirits of the sort Mr. Tyerman believes in, who might have been warming or cooling themselves at the gaslights, or of the ardent spirits that Mr. Blair does not dis- believe in, which, if anywhere, would of course be concealed in the cellar, we did not take any account. But Mr. James M'Kean took the chair, and inasmuch as it was an unusually tall chair-one that would have brought even Tom Thumb into prominence -it may be supposed that he, from the outset, made a great impression upon the audience, and commanded no small share of their attention, if not their admiration. Mr, M'Kean, in explaining that he had been asked to preside, said he liked the position much better than the one he occupied on the first evening, when he was said to have filled up a doorway. Several persons cheered Mr. Tyerman as he mounted the platform ; Mr. Blair's reception was even more enthu- siastic. Mr. BLAIR began, and undertook in the brief space of two half hours to leave no point in the investigation of spiritualism untouched, nothing unexplained, and no- thing unanswered, and to this simple and easily accomplished duty he at once con- fidently devoted himself. He went back to the speeches of the former evening, and quoted Professor De Moigan in full, to show that his opponent had misquoted him, by giving only part of a sentence. A private letter from Mr. William Howitt, another supporter of spiritism, was read to show that he had parted company with the whole of English spiritists. The reports of the committees of tho London Dialectical Society, five out of six of which denied the manifestations of spiritual phenomena in the inquiries they made, were referred to. Mr. Horace Greeley had been put forward on behalf of spirit- ualism. Why, he had challenged the spiritists to supply the New York Tribune with English news of the day previous to publica- tion, and for 20 years his offer of £500 had been unclaimed. Not one scientific man in England, not one literary man of any eminence, no man who had any reputation for intelligence, believed in spiritism or did not scout it as an imposture, (This brought forth cheers and hisses in profusion.) Tyndall, Huxley, Faraday, Lytton, Crookes, Radcliffe, and a French philosopher named Arago, who examined one case thoroughly, were all hurled at the believers in spiritualism. They did not seem to mind any of these great names much, and the name of Sir John Herschel, of which Mr. Blair had made extensivo use on former evenings, was not received with respect. Latent electricity in the human body, present to a greater extent in some than in others, more than accounted for all the table turning and rapping in the world. Books which Mr. Blair had not only read but reviewed- Buckle's Civilisation and works of that kind- were recommended to all who did not glory in benighted ignorance and savage fanaticism. To go behind science and common sense and sound reasoning was to go in the direction of the Yarra Bend Asylum. '' Now for your believers in spiritism." Mr. Blair, who, in order to give out the last few sen- tences with full effect, was obliged to bend forward and jerk a little, now drew himself up to an erect position, adjusted his spectacles, closed his eyes, and complacently waited until the audience had become composed and attentive. Home, who had seen the ghost of a dog and the ghost of a water bottle, in his last work, just come out by the mail, testified that he bad swindled Mrs. Jane Lyon of £30,000." (A storm of "noes.") Mrs. Lyon, at any rate, said, "You swindled me of £30,000." (Cheers and hisses.) The book of Emma Hardinge, the American prophetess, was the greatest piece of imposture he had ever met with, (This strong language set the whole audience in motion, and while some were stamping and others hissing, one spectacled listener, who had been tossing about a good deal in his seat, concentrated a whole volume of negatives into one brief series of gesticulations.) Nothing new, nothing beautiful, had been given to us by spiritism. If he (Mr. Blair) had not convinced them of the absurdity of spiritism, let us burn down our public library, our schools, and our university : let all learning, philosophy, and science, which we were spending thousands of pounds to scatter abroad for the benefit of the rising and the adult population, be counted as sheer waste ; and let us all go into darkened parlours and listen to the wonderful revela- tions that the spirits would not furnish us with. Mr. TYERMAN rose with promptitude, and was greeted with applause. Those who pre- ferred declamation to reasoning, unsupported assertions to well authenticated facts, might thank his friend for doing something for the cause of spiritualism. Mr. Tyerman then went back to the Colonial Monthly, for the second time, to show that five years ago Mr. Blair was either on the road to spiritualism or was writing something which led people to suppose he meant one thing when he really meant another. He then, in Mr. Blair's own words, asked, "Is it genuine philosophy, or is it only self-confessed and arro- gant ignorance, that turns away from the consideration of such facts and phe- nomena with tho supercilious explanation of imposture and delusion?" Spiritualists contended that there was no such thing in the manifestations they witnessed as the supernatural-the phenomena wore governed by natural laws. Then reasons were given to show that the "gospel of the deadened brain" had been misunderstood. No purely mundane law would account for half the facts of which we had undoubted testimony. They did not claim to teach new doctrines so much as to press good doctrines on the attention of the world. Five or ton minutes wore employed in showing that the cardinal doctrines had not beon stolen ; they were as much common property as tho sunlight or tho atmosphere. But the question was not whether immortality, the redemption of all men, &c;, had originated with spiritualism, but whether they were true. As for the "contradictions,"spiritualism did not claim to be infallible. (Mr. Blair arched his brows, turned half round towards the speaker, and then looked expressively towards the audience.) A good deal of Mr. Blair's own argument had been " prigged." He then challenged Mr. Blair to prove, by fair quota- tions from spiritualistic works, that spiritu- alists had put forth one-half the so called contradictions quoted-the other night ; and to help him, enumerated only 40 volumes of 400 pages each. If these would not be enough, Mr. Blair could have the names of 100 more. (Mr. Blair displayed no wish for more.) One of the works was by Emma Hardinge, aud had been commended by critics who would put Mr. Blair to tbe blush any day and every- where. He (Mr. Tyerman) at the same time undertook to prove far more contradictions in the works on theology or in the works published by any church in Christendom. (Cheers.) The question was raised before Mr. Blair opened bis second speech, whether, as this was to be the last night of the debate, there should be two more rounds, or only one. Half-a-dozen weak voices declared for two rounds, but one emphatic "No" was sufficient to decide the question tho other way. Mr. BLAIR, in a few words, disposed of the Colonial Monthly branch of the discussion. He had simply stated what other people were believing, and challenged investigation. He had by this t¡me¿invest¡gated the subject had gone to the bottom of it, and the con elusion was that the physical phenomena were the effects of mechanical causes. The use of the phrase "gospel of the deadened br^in," and much that had boen already said about it, was again justified. Where did spiritualism begin, how did it begin, and was there ' anything in it? It began in credulity, was carried on and fostered by deliberate imposture, and was now sustained by, ignorant and wild fanaticism; It first broke out in a "huddle" in America, amongst a family most appropriately named Fox. How it spread from the Foxes, and was taken up by various classes, for each of ; whom Mr. Blair had a severe epithet handy, was explained with as much clearness as time and the interruptions which sounded like the escape of steam in puffs from a leaky boiler would permit. Among some who took up the new religion were people who were uneasy in their domestic relations, and grasped at any means that would set them free. (A voice.-" Where did you get that?") From Clarke's Plain Guide to Spiritism. (The voice.-"You did not.") 'Cute Yankee printers last of all swamped the market with *' Banners of Light " and " Spiritual Trumpets," and the works that were printed by Andrew Jackson Davis were the greatest rubbish ever printed. A book which had lately appeared here was a piece of indecency and blasphemy from beginning to end. A pamphlet issued by Peebles had a title so blasphemous that he would not stain , his lips by reading it- out This, of coarse, excited considerable curiosity amongst the audience, and there were loud calls for the title. Some suggested that if Mr. Blair would not read it out, the chairman might. The chairman looked at it, and said he shonld prefer to transfer the duty to Mr. Tyerman. Mr. Blair then gave out the second port of the title, "Popular Theology and Positive Religion Contrasted." Portion of the audience was far from satisfied with this meagre piece of information, but Mr. Blair was determined not to stain his lips. -He made a quotation or two to show that spiritualism, according to Peebles, was opposed to Christianity ; showed that some of the new doctrines communicated to " J. S." by the spirits were very old, and concluded with a fervid peroration. Mr. TYERMAN contended that Mr. Blair had not advanced a tittle of evidence to show that the physical phenomena had been produced by mechanical causes The scientific men Mr. Blair had quoted had never fairly investigated the phenomena ; tho few scientific men who bad investigated them had come to the conclusion that the phenomena were genuine, and that the spiritual hypothesis as to their origin was the only one that covered the whole of the facts of the case. William Howitt, so far from having left the spiritists, was the author of the first article in a June magazine which gave Dr. Carpenter and his school a slashing castigation. It was not correct that five out of six of the com- mittees of the London Dialectical Society reported against the appearance of spiritual phenomena. Here Mr. Blair's right hand dived into the recesses of his garments, and in another instant a printed document was thrust triumphantly before the chairman, who ex- amined it with some curiosity. Meantime Mr. Tyerman, heedless of the pantomime, went on to say that two of the committees reported that phenomena woro produced independently of mechanical agency. Mr. Blair had spoken of latent electricity. Would lie ascribe intelligence to a mere force? Who was the most credulous now? (Cheers.) Trustworthy witnesses had borne testimony to the remarkable things done by Home. From first to last Mr. Blair had not given one well-authenticated fact, not one tittle of evi- dence, to support the charges which he had hurled at spiritualism with such unblushing audacity. Granted that spiritualism was not a perfect system, the system was no more to be charged with.tbo delinquencies of some who supported it than Christianity with the immoralities of some of its professors. (The audience seemed to be getting tired, and hisses were not unfrequent. Amid some interrup- tions, one man near the door said, "Mr. Chairman,-Is there any provision for turning out a gentleman who has swallowed spirits ?") Spiritualism was essentially Christian, and was hostile only to the dogmas which had been foisted on Christianity. They honoured, they loved, God ; they believed in a being of un bounded benevolence. Mr. Blair would not accept the testimony of witnesses to events of the present day, but would believe that a whale swallowed Jonah, on Jonah's simple statement, and that Philip was transported 30 miles, because some one said so to whom the fact was reported. Spiritualism taught that all God's children, however degraded, would be finally, restored, and had been the means of rescuing thou- sands from atheism. Scurrilous scribblers might try to write spiritualism down in the newspapers, but time was against them, and spiritualism would never be destroyed. A vote of thanks was given to the two disputants, on the motion of Dr. Richard- son. A vote of thanks was also givon to the chairman. The audience then rose to depart ; one or two persons mounted, on the forms with the intention of saying something, but the chair- man declared the proceedings at an end. Nobody wanted to hear any more, but the conversation, as people went out, was about seances where half-crowns were likely to be forthcoming in abundance, when spirits got into better practice and a little more used to the work that was expected of them. 