THE RIDDLER. ?HEW PROBLEMS. 1,603. ./Enigma (Argus).— J'rima juVentuti dulces aspirat amores; AUtra divitias auportat jure-peritw; _ ~u.»~.— ? a ? .*_...« ^iAimti lnminaB0D3 ^Ww describit Lector nodum mihi solve. 1,504. Triglot Charade, by h. J. *-.— My first a little quadruped, Torments our housewives sadly, Though traps and cats »t holds m dread. For they both use it badly. My sccaiid is a useful plant, . ? We scarce could do without it ; Jta seeds and fibre* both we want, Ho one I'm sure could doubt it My vtok, a fabric fine and light, Is used for ladies' dresses; Tis iese substantial far than slight, As each poor girl confesses. Three different languages are here, English, and French, and Latin, Now, which is which, pray make appear, You, who charades arc pat in. L505. Charade, by Hannah Blackhajji.— Jtyjirst is a personal pronoun, my &bJO;)ld Has bo end, and my whole is a fish. 1,506. Numbered Charade, by W. H. Temme.— My 3 5 7 is the lodge of a beast, 12 7 4 5 67 /is a prison, 4 2 7 is a dan gerous weapon, 7 6 1 ' is as good as a wink, 4 6 6 3 is whafe we all should be. My whole is a small dagger, also a word implying nalice or ill-irilL , ? - 1,507; Foir men have;to divide £1 among them, in the proportions of one-third, one fourth, one/fifth, and one:sixth. How much is each entitled to ?— P.' Browne. v3,508. A vessel is constructed in the form of the greater segment of a sphere. Its in ternal diameter at the top and its perpen dicular depth are each 5 feet 4 inches. How many imperial gallons will it hold?— Zero. All correct answers to the above received Wore Tuesday, March 12, will be acknow ledged in 'The Riddler' of March 16. Reference to each by number will be suffi cient. . ANSWEKS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED February 17. 1.489. Solutiones ^nigmatis.— Mysticus ille liber quern vendidit atra Sibylla, Verbis ejus erat— mysticus atque sacer— Aureadosspons-e juvenis, pulcbrae, taraen addit Utile subsidium, blanditiasque novas. Te, si forsan amct virgo dilecta, sacerdos Mox stabili potent jungere connubio. £. J. C. Hora cupita venit— venias tu, chara puella ! Taxlam accendit Hymen, ct sacer urget Amor. Mentis tu dives formrcque; et maxima sola Tu dos, subsidio nee tibi posci opes. Laevam cum dextru niodo jungat rite sacerdos Et thesaurus eri.s, dos sine dote, mihi ! V. D., Mount Barker. 1.490. Charade, by Lindley Murray's Ghost— Anon. — Correct answers by E. J. C., T. Simpson, Hannah C. Blackham, Beta, W. Temme, Margaret and E. M. Mitchell, Libra, F. Price, 'Kentonian. 1.491. Numbered Charade, by Hannah C. Blackham— Adelaide.— Correct answers by E. J. C, T. Simpson, Pussey, C. J. Eller sbaw, Beta, W. Temme, Margaret and E. M. Mitchell, H. W. Strangways, Libra, F. Price, Anon, Caroline V., Kentonian. 1.492. Elegant Extracts— No. V.— What are the hopes «f man i Old Egypt's king Cheops erected the first pyramid And largest, thinking it was just the thing To keep his memory whole, and mummy hid ; But somebody or other rummaging, Burglariously broke his coffin's lid : let not a monument give you or me hopes, »Since not a pinch of dust remains of Cheops. Byron. —Correct transcripts by E. J. C, Edwin Plnmmer, J. B. (*., Beta, W. Temme, F. Price, Kentonian. 1.493. Acrostic, by H. W. Varley.— AUGUST ROBERT ILLUME SUNDAY TUSB AN OKIG IN £ L I T H E URANUS LIVERY URBANE STIVER —Correct answers by E. J. C, T. Simpson, Beta, F. Price. Jj494. Arithmetical Problem, by Arcanum. —The farmer gained £343 4s. by the trans action.— Correct answers by J. W. H. Hullett, P. 0. Hutchinson, J. C. Hansen, Anon,- Kentonian. NOTES AKD CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, &c;, sent by the fol lowing contributors are acknowledged with thanks:-£. J. C., J. W. H. flnllett, Edwin Plummer, Tasmania, Kapunda, A Young Joker. Problem 1,508. The contents of the new imperial standard gallon is fixed at 277*274 cubic inches. QUIPS AND CRANKS.— No. XLI. The following disintegrated conglomeration of heterogenious and incongruous particles is the product of a patent self-acting crucible of treble calorifically-refrigeratmg potency, into which were thrown by Betty two tons of materials, consisting of 1 ton 19 cwt. 3 qrs. 27 lbs. 15 o'zs. 15 drams of waste paper, the remainder being the refined quintescence of the rectified spirits of the sublimated elixir of asses'- brains, concocted for the purpose :— Florence wishes all the. goods in her father's shop were sat-in. Her papa -wishes they were all sold. Mrs. Fussemont thinks ' Mr. Chairman' has a deal of work to do, in attending every meeting in the colony. MiS9 Bluestocking wishes to knov if the author who wrote ' Once a Week' also wrote 'Night a-nd Morning,' or 'All the Year Round,' or ' Half Hours at the Breakfast Table.' Mrs. Partington desires to know whether the Marshall of the Admiralty is a soldier or a sailor, and whether a Doctor in the army ever becomes a Lance-corporal ? She thinks Army Surgeons ought to belong to the Lancers; and Majors should command the Sappers aud more espe cially the miners. She imagines that divers may be generally found in divers places. She says Corsairs should ride upon coursers, and that lawyers who charge so much should always ride chargers, and see that they feed well and they are fee'd well themselves. She would also like ?to know whether boys connected with religious papers are called printer's devils the same as the others. We think she wants to know too much. A FRAGMENT. At this instant the lurid light of the confla gration revealed the stalwart form of a cavalier riding furiously up the steep aclivity of the rock'., fit. was the hated brigand Alphonso. His tiery '.jteed . was reeking with foam, and his snorting nostrils breathed forth fire and smoke. Alphonso .gazed intently at his victim. Fury was in his eye, and death in his lightning glance. Angelina stood upon the dizzy height, aghast 'with terror. Her dishevelled locks streamed furtively in the wind. A thousand feet belo* -her the rolKug billows of the mighty ocean dashed with impetuous fury against the base of that werhanging rock *Her .resolution was taken in. an instant. 'He comes, the detested villain comes,' she cried. Then witLoHe heart piercing shriek of agony that rent the air, and startled the eaglets in their eiries-To be con iinuedinourjiext A short time since as a master in a grammar ichool was' censuring big pupil for the dulneisof his comprehension, and consentinz to instruct him in a sum of practice, he Baid '?]« not the price of a penny, loaf always a pennvT' wheB the boy innocently replied, 'No, Sir- the bakers sell 'em two for three ha'pence when'thev AM state' y 