CONGEEGATIOJNiAI* ; VISION $KD ;? , : ?-,:♦ HOME 1MISSIOK ! Y^ ;--i ?-;?- --5gieimnakt meetings of the above Uiiionawere ' commented *-n: Wednesday evening; May 15. ^-^-^S^Krewals-'a large attendance, and;the Ohair ! ' * inaii. j[Rev. '? C; Manthorpe) presided. After de 'Y^vblaonal exercises, the Key. Mr. Manthorpe Il: formally resigned the chair in favor of bis sue ;'r;ce*bi,:.the~Kev. F. W. Cos. Avofceof thanks !; '' was- tmanimotisly accorded Mr. Manthorpe for. the year'siservices, arid this having been ackriow ''-' lodged by him,- the Bey. Mr.-Cox delivered :.' -; THE CHAIBIIAN'S ADDBESS. - ? ;-?.-? 'The : Bev. F. W. Cox, who, on taking the '? chairl-was. ?warmly greeted, 'then 'proceeded _to 'Y. /deliver the/annual address,, of which the follow-; . ' ^lbgis an abstract ;.: — . ; ? .' . ' .' ''''' '..'?? ?' ? Y ; Brethireii and Christian friends-^Called by, ; $b| suffrages of the Union to; fill the chair for 'Y.-Ahe current year, I address myself to the first tY «fu^' devolving Upon me— that of jgivinij!the '.: inaugural -address of this present animal ;ses: \- eion.\In doing «o I -cannot shntoutjfromlmy, ' t ji-8w ijtbat fiie delivering _pf -this.iaddress on' the ri ' Evening' preceding the busiis ess; meeting is in tended to bring together a larger number -of Christian friends than is xisually present, at ' '' '!th'e i tOhi^rmaii'fl Vttldress, :and that I vam :in some riik of modifying my plan so as to meet; the case' of the. wider circle of hearers. It be uov«fus upbn suitable occasions to look back . upon pur past history, tpYcopsideT yfeW pur |Y ' ';pj3eseiit etandiig, and so far Ss;ma,y be given to, . r '' ^ us to peet into the gloom of theYfuture ;to see Y the goal towards which we and' other Ghurches : ' ' ' -may be tending. In doing this we cannot \ out xememcer that we as?, body have ahistoryjn ' our native iand^for which wGinay heartily thank, God. *. yfe had our serious faults, hut they have' been the faults of ihe age, while komej of] our ' : : leading characteristics have been those arising' ~'\ from our deliberate convictions as to the teach.-; ' - 'ings of God'awofd. :'Weh.umbIy;dar6-tohppe ; -that our influence has 'been felt in the making of ' ? some; of the strongest elements of jour AcouHtayV * -'??' character. Jb three r different ^directionsi our ^.^ body has been nobly represented in pur past * ?;'. history. ; Cronrwell,, the' :' .uncrowned -kingi : ' Milton, through whose; outward darkriesB : the ' . inward 'fire /flashed forth ; Howe ; and Open, among ^e:maghtiest pi theologians, prove ffchat ? neither force of willi iipr prophetic fire,: ripr r '''intellectual inignt ;have been 'wanting to, us ; ; and all consecrated tothe highest and divinest 1 ; 'use^ ' Among the various theories pf phurch1 life and polity we may take 'the two most 'marked as typical-^^thc multitudinous and the selective. The former contemplates all men within certain boundaries who have been subject to certain, ordinances as members of the Church, contem ; plating it as a visible. and organised commu nity, while the other regards the Church (as a \- Society of: faithful men and women who are: ? ' ' drawn together into \ association by spiritual ?- jLfiSnitif»H, .springing from a common life, drawn : :?? .from GhrifltJesus as the source and root, banded together for mutual edification, for the adminis tration of Christ's ordinances, and for greater' ' : ' ; ' power and influence on the masses around them. In bur case there is also the cbmpleteri&s; of !. - each worshipping society to de all Church work - and to regulate itself under law to Christ with out external control^ the Bis'hop being 'tie : overseer rpf a Chufchj and not of a 'group 1 LoT Churches, except in the case of small Societies. .'ThiBiw» believe to be the. !New; Testament idea, &n-A; we also believe, that, ' ?? 'notwithstanding the; infirmities that cling to ?'..?-? everything -human,- oor practice ; :: ha? i jus- . ? - tified our method °; and we would' not willingly ' ' ! j^rchahgB tout: tried plans for anything in ''.' /-iq^eratidJI we may see around tob. '; We-aneinot * insensible to fee ^ casfe that .may beplaiisibly !i 'm^8fe out fbr^he-broad; basis pf Cbrirchf^iow \ ': Ehip, as 'when it ls^aid' ' ^e plead-witJi the -_.;-; '^-wicfc^eBt- inen. inxiur parishes on. the! very * : ! Ijroimi&of; tiKeir being Christians to lead-lives - ~;? conformable to itho'T principles,'' but wejhave r '' :'* koti^leatned Christ. In oar case -wereiiuire a i£ : credible 'profession of personal faith in Christ, ,.i^ Bnd'a--walk and' conversation corresponding '' ?': therewith; We say ' personal faith' as dislia \- guished from the mere general acknowledgment ''' '. ?''',. jbbat our Lord lived and died to save men. It : ^'^^Irfcrue ?we^mayoftea iiave 'used imscriptural ij -niethoas to obtain this knowledge^ ? that *we-:tnay; have often- 'treated the Church as ' a fortress to be defended rather than as a ' ? T ' : ' feast of rich blessings to 'which famishing sin ' *'- nert arp to be invited. But with bur idea of ~ ' '.. -whit the oT-Je-^ of Chriistian fellowship are we 7 ' are consferained to seek Christian1 fellowship \- ' with thoBewho are like-minded, and have some ? , ; personal-, experience that .they are translated out ot the^Mngdoni of darkness into that of the \- ? . Xiord. While we thus state our case, we are '-- ' 'nottfisensible to certain tendencies to which we ' ' areliable, imperilling our very foundations. The present quickening of men's thoughts is producing in; us, as ia others, restlessness, and anxious gaziDg about for what is next to appear. ''''We see, too, iiiat other forms of religious organization ' hare -some advantages which -we imagine we have not. It is a trite remark that every form of Church .life is perhaps the embodiment of some leading characteristic * in itself good. ; ]We '' 'also admit that no Church ever existing per ' fectly embodied the divine idea. Our special principle has b?en to throw the stful directly : , upon Ctod; to bring it into communion with ' - ihe divine through the Word and by the Spirit ' of the Xdving -3*-d. We have always taught that no man can stand between the soul and God in a - priestly capacity, and that so . '. ordinances can 'supply the lack of the eoul's ' own personal communion. We have to ap 1' ', pearance reversfed the. common adage, ''No '.?.?;, 'wslvatton out '61 '.theJ Church,^' by placing r V; Ohnat for . the Church, and making the ' : : Iiord iimself not only the door to spiritual V* Vie, but thp door to;the Church; itself. I He objected to a recent lecture by Mr. Fronde, ? '.' whichodntainedahistory of the ?manifestations .'.;'. of ^religiousness, for the author had missed the true point to which his subject should, have led ' ,' him, viz., that in all profoundly earnest ^'and ;..; simple fornis of religious life the individual soul V'-!.! r/is.ttoow11 *° a great extent on God himself ^/'?^'ioLtheT'ii&D.; upon the piiaithood' or feacra ? '' merits or drganizatiocB ; and when this is' done ? ''' that one. -,great fear— ' the.. tear of '; God'— '. ^-vcasfeJ out' all other fear — makes men resolute : ; .^' jBjad'.ttniarihgi in 'doing what they believe Groi 'requires, and also enables them to isfcand .'-;;; . aloneVsb to epe-ik, as nothing else in the jwprld .Y'.1 V i'^ll» iMi4,:to aefy^the wbrld;jf need be. : And . jhls i«: what .we i have'. desired to dp. in our ' ? .Ohurch life. Now it seemSrto us as if some of ...; burmodBrnlenaencies werein danger of weaken ~.~. '' ing'I4his princiBle arid lowering this idea. | .One. tendency of .which we complain is seen in our * Y * * Buppoiedriecessity to large increase .of numbers, ; .';'.' '.', \\.ea. a« to 'keep pace with all the other forms of ' ?'.'-'' religious life around us. Obserye; we are not : ,' ^ipeudng ndw of the desire to carry the word of .. ^-lod to destitute neighborhoods. In this age of publicity* the Church, too, seeks to live in the blare of public life, Numbers are jchronicled, \- results are tabulated, and we are thus under ~ ' constant' temptation to 'measure ourselves ' . ':'by. onnelves, and to compare ourselves ,.'? * among ouraelves.' And one effect of this . ?'' '. '? 'effort . is a feeling t-f ' jealousy of other ? bodies .who 'may 'exhibit larger statistical returns, fiwii -we, ' whiph calls' for ; great ~ watchfulness lest there should be a weakening * . of thift fraternal regard we .should cherish to : - ; Christian Societies around us. The next ten ;.I Y.dencyadseB from the former, and is a dissatis ' ^ , faclipn with our long-cherished principles^and ~^,^-'.$iaasnxkg towards a connectionalf ormof organi '''?' j- 'iaiiSpp.r -.'We have no Diocesan Episcopacy., Y .. JPreB^yteriatiism and Methodism will often do ; ~' .: .;' * tbing8rea«ily that are hard for us to accomplish, ,.Y' Y. ^ jand 'may' often avoid certain evils into' which '.,' ^re are.iS^ly tofalL But we talce the balance V;''..'.' ^frjgbod* j&nd; .evil, and we strongly feel that Y. ' . w^ -could not alter our system for another, even '- 1 .; onthelgeperal ground pf expediency, were wa ?';, ' Jipt Batisfipd with ihe'di'«iie a^tLoiilj of our \'\ . r pqiiciples jjYthbugh, while claiming Srriptiual _..: V authoniy:for our piiuciplos, .wa are fac from ' - . ..cliiiaiing.the sime for the. form in Which we may '''??'.' ' present them towards society^ Wemtghtpiua ;; , 'trife this question- by reference to political ' ?..''. forms of government. As Englishmen, we have .'Y : often jbeen loud . in our praise of the autocratic ''.', ferule i'''/$£ . Fiance, yet ouc#more has history ' aenioristrated that the gathering the life, to a centre, instead of leaving each local point a, centre of life, is in the long run a mistake. \- . iArother tendency arises from the develop. ment of political power, worldly wealth, and, social position in our Churches. The progress of 'the 'country' in material advancement, has 'been something unparalleled, and in that; ad vance the bodies of Christians holding Noncon formist forms have been among the largest par ticipators. The result has been the cultiva tion of ideas before unknown to us. Our. meeting-houses became chapels, and then . churches. Our ministers ate sometimes called! clergymen; Our *tyle of architecture is changed. To a large extent we have dropped the name -Independent for the weak Americanism Congre gatjsnalist. Our Congregational singing is also in danger lest afew;mghly-cultivate(3 and highly-, paid voices should be expected to do the singing, ' while the people content themselves withlisten-; ing-:to Bweet music. ?- Increasing wealth ' and social refinement have brought many of our -people into contact with classes of society who^ 'have regarded- dissent as a positive social stigma, so that some are. drawn away to the; other side. Besides this, the possession of wealth =has a tendency to lead, even Christian house-' holds, to the adoption at a style of life and of amusements of a worldly and questionable character. Also, the way in which the lawful, business of trade and commerce is carried on is often quite undistinguishable from that of the world around. O that Christian men would learn that they are nowhere commanded to be rich 'and great, but that they are commanded, to be- -holy,: jeveri -as their Father in heaven is holy. Another ; ten dency, in the wide spread of general religious-: : ness, -with an accompanying .laxity -of . view- of ? New Testament requirements, and , the ialmpst total neglect of doctrinal study, is the looking upon Christianity as a general code of morals ?^aa a wide-sprea'd purifier of the general life ^pf: -nations— 'rather : ihau what it is-^-a special revelation from Ctod to rescue lost men, _ as individuals, from the curse and condemnation of sin. That itheological study is at alow ebb in soine branches' ;of the .-Church 5s Bhown by Dr. Littledale in the Contemporary Reyvew, and that it is so in other branches' is a matter of personal experience, while the tone of the secular Press shows -clearly the tendency I have alluded to, as instanced by i&e;~ recent article in the Times ~-m Chinese miB sionB, We cannot affirm, too loudly-our:convibir tionthat^the -3ospel did -not xome from CJodj ratified by - the - blood - of -? Christy to improve legislation, to purify society, er to makeihelot; of man on searth more tolerable as its primary ..re sult;. Nay^ verily; God'ji method is to ^ act on centres, and then in circumferences, on indi viduals saved by His grace, and through them' on those within reach of -their influence. The comparison of spiritual' work should not be compared with a Board of Health, but with the physicians' work, who comes to dying men with, ak infallible remedy fresh from the hand of Odd. li the Gospel does not this last, I fail to see what its use is, for in ? nations in which it has proved its power we see many of the ^direst evils ? of society yet .. xampant. War is more frequent than it was in Pagan Borne. Slaver? has only lately been ex tinguished. - Pauperism and crime abound, and the depths of social degradation are as profound in Ijondon, Glasgow, and NewTork, as; they areinmanyjeountries where tie €k»spel- is not . known. These things* are blots ' upon pur Christian escutcheon, but assuredly they! will never be cured' by our f orgetfulness of the per-', sorial and individual nature of Christian* ^ork.: We observe in the tone of preaching ;among Evangelical bodies a tendency towards an indis criminate application of the law of Christian life tothemassof hewers, as if Christian wosk' were' merely regulative instead of regenerative. ; The peril is that of mistaking oursdves; and causing others to mistake a mere external conformity ?with the' ethics of the Ten Comaiandments, combined with going to service twice on Sunday, ? for the -demand made by the Gospel for the heart, the whole heart, and nothing but the heart of the children of men. The foregoing are some of the-dangerous tendencies:; yet let it not be thought for a moment that we are insen sible to the evidence of good around, that indi cate a new stage in the Church's development. For example — The growing sentiment of unity and co- operation among 'the Churches in some directions; notwithstanding -the widening of the breaches between them in others. In some directions 'this desire' - for . union takes the form of ecclesiastical coalition, as we have- seen it accomplished among the Presby terians, and talked, of in Conference, &c.j; among several other bodies. To me it seems that in most cases this is but a. dream at present, albiet, a dream that indicates the direction of wakicg thoughts. The -inestimable blessing both to the Church and the world of the oneness of life in Christ and the onenessjof pur pose and aim which the Gospel in:ulcates can not be doubted when we read the -tender .words of the Master in John xv., 12, and xviL, 21. But the fulfilment of this dearest wish of the' Lord's heart seems to be capable of as complete a fulfilment with a large measure of outward diversity as with entire amalgamation ,of all existing Church organizations, if there.bnly be oneness of heart in Christ. Another satisfactory point, to. us at least, is the ananner in which some of the principles of Church life, which we bave always regarded- as fendasnental, have appeared in unlooked-for and unlikely places. ? High Churchmen- sometimes enunciate the in dependence of the Church from State control. In the Church of England, too, we have seen a greater prominence giving to the teaching, ministry,' while the disestabUehmentof existing' State Churches is a question coming to the. political surface in most couHtrieB promising to result in the complete severance of this unholy alliance. There is also evidence not only of growing religiousness, as seen, in the ' great pre ponderance in number of distinctly religious publications each year over, any other class of literature, but also many helps to the better un derstanding of the Bible than -used to be seen. The result of ages of mere textual preaching, and. of the use of wordsjof Scripture for any purpose to which they can in their isolated form be applied, is beginning to yield toa more thought ful consideration of the scope -and meaning of the writers of the Bible. .Through the writings of such -'men as A Word and Stanley new. ideas; of the use of Scripture will spring up, and that good day in which a revised text and a truthful division of the books shall supersede the pre sent chapter and verse system is not far distent. In 'conclusion, let it be ours to hold to; the, great verities of Scriptural truth firmly, and to trust them implicitly. . It has been ~ our fate to be thought* by worldly.' men imprac ticable, arid -bo it must ev»r be where our principles are clearly seen and firmly grasped. We seem to have been often defeated, but we have always been 'victorious In tout- defeats. After every successive failure we have only to restate our case, and to continue -to ; do ijb with that pertinacious assurance that: springs from'* living faith. But to this' end there must be in our individual hearts a complete; submis- idri to Christ as the only Lord and: teacher, aad an equally clear perception that men --can only be saved by the divine. meaias. Add *bo . this patience in working, praying, and waiting, that can only; spring' from' a consciousness of a Divine ;power underlying and rewarding all we do, and we cannot but conquer through Him* who hatb. loved us. .? , . ? -. .;;..: .; ? ?'.' ;' The Bev, Mr. MaNTHOBPB proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Cox, for his able, eloquent; and interesting address. A number of reports had to be read, and therefore it would be unwise to enter fully into the vaiious'points touched upon by Mr. Cox; but he would say he had never listened to an. address from the chair with 'greater pleasure than the 'one delivered' that night. (Sear, hear.) fie was: : exceed ingly pleased' at the outspoken expression of their principles, 'especially that of personal faith in the Lord .Jesus Christ: being the basis of Ohurch life. He ^had noticed a tendency, from i his direction? which 'he deplored aud hoped would not' increkse. r The Rev. J.' Gibson seconded. ; The. Bev. C. B. Syjies moved the aiijoarntceut of ths debate, so that a fuller expression of th9ir ' views upon the address ' might bs given. He was mach gratified at the way ia which those grand old principles of their Church life had been enunciated. The Bev. Mr. Manthokpe seconded, and this was carried. ??''-? . 3EP0KE, Y '.'???? ' The Bev. E. Grimthareaa theanriual report, asunder: — Mbetihgs. — The monthly meetings of the Committee' during, the year now expiring iave been duly - heldi and the'- attendance almost without exception goocl, averaging nearly 17. Once only did it fall below 16. The number of meetings held; including two specially called, -is 15\. . To. expedite the business of the Union, the Committee appointed several Sub-Committees, whose meetings bave also been well attended. Ass^TEp' Chueches.— The first important duty : that ? fell to the new Committee to dis^ charge was the consideration of the claims of our weaker Churches to pecuniary; assistance. Out of the estimated income of the iJnion the following, grants were made for the year which closed March 31 :— ' ' ? ' --...? MtLAtfg, 575:— This sum was voted in con sideration of the failure of the crops in the district, and because, of the. recent EetvjLeruent/of Bev, T. Dayiss^, as pastor ; on the understanding, however, thatihesnaiof £25 shouli be deducted from 'the afiiountof any average grant'the Union might make to the Church the next year.* - vv Besides the above -grant from ±he ordinary funds of; the Mission, 'the. sum, of £J^ ivns specially raised,- principally by a. few members of Committee,, on^ behalf of Rev. G. D.' Watt, late, of 'Milsng,'-now through age .andinfirmity retired from the ministry. ?-'?' -: -?-' ;-- ? ? Mr. Davies reports the average' attendance at the Sabbatti services— Milang, 90 ; Point Stkrt, 45\. * The ' amount raised for. all purposes— Maarig, ^107 18s. lOd. ; Point. Sttfrti £25. MaAj irithio'yeat1 1871, tW 17 communicarife ?wereformaliy^onsfcituted a Church, t-o whichd9 membecaiwere .-subsequently added, Mr. Davies also -«fcaWisbed a Sunday- school, which, .at^the i date of rrepori, numbered 55 'scholars arid eight teachers,' and had a library of 120 volg. * a Bible class with-an ' average attendance of 16 ; - and a weekly and likewise: an early Sabbath morning prayer meeting. ????-: ?,. .; , . ,5 ,- I. ? , Happy Yasusx, .£4Q. — Rep. .0. Hall reports the financial condition of -tlie Church, ascom p'ared with the. year before', ' a ' little better,' and spiritually ' much1 more encouragirig.' -Average '. attendance You Lord's Day, 120; IChutck. members, , 39 ; a j' prosperous' - Sabbath school, with ,80 *pholars . and 10 teachers. . ^The amount raised for all purposes during theyear, S98 17s, 7^d.;. 'The^Churchisfar ftombbing, able at present to maintain | its minister,' on ascotuat-of-its-povertyw' '; ;--:. '...- '-.:??? ??'::? ? Y . ..Poke1 Victoe,. .B»iGonBirBE;BA.Y,;ji5rp JBpGD iHHiS, £75. -r-These Churches are unitedly under the pastorate of Key. -1 Hbdge^ |trho Tepdr'to that the Church at Port Victor jhas^ '''suffered through removals and depression in traded' that the Church at Encounter Bay is ' about the' same ;' .and that :Bald : Hilk Church has- 4- declined very much, through iloss of crops. and removals.' , ,.?'?', .,!. ; ^ The average attendance at the three' places respectiVeljr on Sabbath services is 109, 40, and 40 ; Church members, 13, Q, 12 ; Sabbath-school scholars arid teachers, ffl and: 9, . 20 and 3, 39 and 5. Amounts raised during . the year-pPorfc Vicibpr, ^61 18s. 4|d. ; Encounter Bay, £18 0s. '6d. ; Bald Bills {including* £6 9s. fronaf the Sabbath-school), £26 Ida. 'Mr; .Hodge 'aSads, : '* we ;have j suffered from the loss of ? another iiaTvest.iand »nr needs are mich more pressing than they were last year. ' , : .... Y ; -s i . KlADlNA, .£30.— The average attendance _on Iio-d's.!.p.ay ik— at'' Kjidina, 1^5 : : at Greeks Plains, 40 ; Church; members', 65 j Sunday scholaTS, 112 j teaiihers,- 16. The positiojn: of the Church, ;aa Compared with the previous year, 'sligHtly, improved ; in Almost every re Spect. .,.'?,:=. ',.?!': ?-'.;? ''?.? ','.'.,:? !'?:?' s , The Cotrimittee rejoice to be able to report that this Church' has now become selfsustain ing. Mr. Halli finance Becrefiary, writes, *' I am requested by the pastor and membera^f the Sadina Congregational Church to convey to your Society their best and heartfelt thanks, for the temporal assistance rendered to them by your Society for a number of years,- and to in form you that at the expiration of the present ' grant th^y'will not Require ^iny farther aid.' ' . GOOLWA, i325.^-This Church, under the pai ?torate of Bev. J» Hotham,,of Port Elliot, has an average attendance on Lord's Day of from SO to 60 ; the members number 20 ; the Sabbath Bchool 36 children and 5 teachers. Amount: raised during the year, £40. . Though some of the Church and congregation, have- left the -neighborhood, ''the number attending public worship is increasing.' Y ?????? . High-stheet, KENsrirCTON.^-In addition to the above giants, -voted ? early ia ;*he financial year,' %i' special grant of £1-0 was made in January to this Church, Bev. W. Nicholls reports that during: the nine preceding months th% sum of about £77 was raised for all purposes ,; that the 'Sabbath-school ' ha,3 43 children : arid . 9 teachers; that 'the Church members number 30, being' an iif crease of ^ ; and that the congre gation has .doubled. Assistance at the present time, from the fund of the Union, is solicited, and the hope expressed that it will not bo long before the Church is in a position to contribute to that fund, when it will 'cheerfully' do so. . Alma Plains. — An application for; a grant of £50 for one; year has just been received from this Church, which, after several years' depen dence on occasional ministerial services, is about to secure & settled pastor. Houghton.— This is the only station regu- : larly supplied by the Agents of the Home Mission.'}' Mr. MoEwin reports an iKiprovc* ment in the attendance, which now averages about 25. A weekly Bible Class of' from 8 to 10 lads'. is held; also a Sabbath school .of 70 scholars and 9 teachers. It is in contemplation to format Church here. - The position is \ 'on the whole much better' than it was last year. , .The Committee applied in- October to our Colonial Society in London on behalf of the South-Eastern portion of this province. -They ' jepreserited that Lacepede Bay— the only! spot in th^ : Sokth-Ebst where IridependeE^ has; -established' a footing— offered a field of -labor ttat over-reached the powers oT ariyonebnan, and that if the' 'Society could send out a quali fied young man to co-operate with the- Bev. D. .-' -Milne, and contribBLte for the present, say; £100 per annum towards ? his | sup-, port, the /Union would' guarantee an equal amount. : Seasons were adduced to the Com- : oiittee for believing that the ' request would ' meet .with the favorable consideration of the SdHet^. ' . No 'reply has beenreceived beypnd a' formal acknowledgment of receipt of applica tion, in' wTach, however, the Secretary, j Key. Alex. Hannay, expressed a fear that the ? state of the Society's finances would not permit; the granting' of such assistance, but. that he would bring the matter befote' the executive of the Society At their «irliest meeting. - J ' PBKOEDBNor.— The resolution passed at the, last annual ^meeting; was duly. '.-forwarded to the G6vrnor. ' ' 'It'issued in a correspondence be tween His Excellency and the -Jominittee *vhich was pnblished in the daily papers^ 25 th \ »Iay. The Committee then- proposed to 'memorialise the Legislature on the sutiject, but the itev. F. W.,Coi having in the meantime, consulted with representatives of other denominations, it vras resolved to leave in their hands the conduct of this business, which finally vanished: from the' Committee, 12th September.' ' i -.,,... Ministeeial Tbaihjmg.— The Committee resolved, Jurie'13th, that it was desirable' to encourage and assist a few suitable youngmeni', members of our Churches, to prepare' themselves ? for the Christian'miriistry ;' and that to secure this end it wa3 further desirable, to obtain if possible the co-operation of pther'denominations y and that the Baptists and Ppesbytetian bodies should be invited jointly witii 'this Committee to consider the question. Favorable ' replies having been repeived, ielegates from the thtee denominations met,, arid prepared a few recom mendations, which were accepted by the Bap tist Association, the Presbytery, and, at the naif-yearly meeting, our own Union. A Council composed of six representatives 'q{ each of these three bodies, was foimed, arid ftie-result has been made public in the prospectus of 'JtJnion College.' ' - Y' ' ' 3IINJSTEES' r'EOViDENT FUHD.— The subject of maliing .provision for our ministers, wnen by rioason of age or infirmity they are' incapacitated ' for the active duties - of the pastorate, was brought before the Committee at its 'first' meeting, and. reasonable expectations- *.ere then created that some influential, member of Committee would prepare and take charge of a measure to foe submitted to the half-yearly meeting. After' repeated delays and disap pointments, it ' was ' suggested the . S5inifeters' Provident. Fund of the Victorian Congregational Union might be made a bas;s for .the conside ration pf the question; and as Eev. J. C. Me Michael, of Gawler, had' till recently re sided in Victoria,' he' was requested to introduce ' that -scheme to the notice of the half-yearly meeting.. He kindly consented. A general discussion at that meeting was followed by the appointment of a Select Cpminifctee, composed of* Mfessrsw 'Cox, ! Ferguson,' HsJ,1 Lewis, McMichael, SmieQley, Stow, arid Griffithsi to prepare a scheme' for submission' to the present .meeting.: ?? . . ;:i . . ; .' - :-:'.:! ? Eux,E3 OF THE' UNION. —The attention of;the Committee was early called to the desirabili ty o£ amending the By-laws, so' as to define 'the duties' of the Secretaries', ? determine more;care [ fully the method of conducting th&meetirigs; of Committee^ arrange a more satisfactory plan for the nomination, of Officers arid Committee for election at the annual iaeetirigsj &c.; A list of revised By-laws was in course of consideration, when-^the inadequate and meagre character of the existing General Rules having been formally noticed arid acknovrledged-^-it was. withdrawn jn-favpr of a mere comprfehensive list of Rules, , in which .the joaoat jimportant! elements.of ;the proposed Bylaws 'should be' iricorpofated/ These revised Rules have for sonie time.1 been in the hands of ministers and delegates^ jand will be submitted to the present meeting. ! ' HAiP-rEA^T.^MEETiirG.— This, was ..held at Port Adelaide,; October 26th. The attendance of ministers' and delegates was large. .'' ' ' : Magazine. —: The- position of tile South JLus frdlian^ Indepe7ident,'ii6w under1 the editorial' management of -Eev. F.W. Cox, 4s, ia a financial aspect,: highly satisfactory. But the number of ; copies issued,.. about 580, the .Committee con-' . aiders might be easily enlarged, an.^they venture earnestly to hope thit this meeting will proiiote ainuch more 'expensive circulation of the Ma gfoine among Our- congregations. : ? . -_ ' ' i iSlAHSlIGS.—rhe' following. 4gur-;s are- an'; abstract of :the ;Beturns of our, Churches for .warded a^ ih^ request of the Gpvernmeut :— ? .. , -. .-.gjtgngjy ; Average attendance. ; -1869'. . 8,203: ?' : ' -5,052 ?? : ^872;- ?^7,mV -?' 4,750 - Bf embers. Sunday scholars. ' 1869\. 1,338 3,085 1872.. . ;': 1,571 ; l -3,103 '. : ' ' tChe ab'ovre'are an approximate estimate only. Some Churches decline to furnish the desired -particulars,' and among -the answers are some obvious- errors. . ?. - ;-.'-.., Review.— The Committee desire to express their gratitude ;, to the Eternal God who lias been through another year the refuge of out Churches ; ;. beneath whose ' eye, and resting on whose Everlasting arms thi3 tribe of Israel has dwelt in safety, and Ms fpun: tain has been upon a land of corn and wine. . ' Bless, Lord, his substance, and accept the work of his hands.' It gives the Oommittee great 'joy 'td be able to utter their: congratulations with fSbow Memorial Chateh ia .that it has pleased the Chief Shepherd to send them at length anpther and well accredited pastor. Bey. Colmer B. Symes, B. A., arrived in Ade laide in March, ieceived a, hearty welcome,' expected hard werk, and -immediately plunged '. into his labors. ; The Committee, on the other : hand, . sincerely regret the - departure, from the province of liev. T. Davies, and deeply sympa thise with the now bereaved Church at Milang, among whom during the past year his ministry ?;— Si service of talented faithfulness— presented a pledge so full of hepe. -JVIay. God direct the .steps of our, brother to that part ; :pf ? the vineyard, destined to be occupied, by him, rand may He send another out,* or raise an other here, to'take his, place.' JKev.' A. Scales, at the close of his interim ministry at Stow Church, left the province and went to Victoria; ?The Committee rejoice, however, in the ex pectation that he will before lope return, and permanently devote his valuable services to the ;Cnri.rch'es of ^duth: Australia. ft has given much satisfaction to the Committee to learn that the Church at Alma- Plains has. invited Mr. J. A. Do me, lately returned from Scotland, to become their pastor, .and that Mr. JDpwie, whose labors in that district before his, departure from the colony have not been unblest Tor forgotten, has a-cspted the calL , Knowing 'the forward-' ness, of his mind,' and that ' 'it is good to be zealously affected always in: a good thing,'; the Committee wish Mr. DoWie Grod speed, and. pray : riot -only -that Jue ?? s may ? ^ive ? f ull ? proof ?of .his ministry, . i.ut also, that Ms zeal may 'provoke very. many.'. The Committee are thankful to note that in the past year death has .riot been permitted to take any pastor away from his flock, nor has any circumstance arisen of a nature to bring upon the Union sudden and peculiar sorrow..'. And they humbly -pray that to : our* Churches the coming year may not only baas free as the past year from special calamity, discord, or disaster, .'but that it may be marked by more abundant and' abiding mercies: . May it be a season in which' every one of our Churches, from the least to the'greatest, shall enter into .aprofounder^est, and be edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the'; Holy Ghost, be .multiplied.' And may like and equal blessings attend all the Churches of Christ in 'South Australia,, which are 'not of this fold.'' ?'? ? .-.?:? .:-.-;. ; The. report was: formally adoptedj and the' discussion upon it adjourned till next day.' : *. . r -.-'??-' i'iNAI?OiAli EBPOBT. - ; ' ' Mr. G. SCBTMGOTJB, btefore reading this report, referred regretfully to the absence of Mr. A. Gore, who otherwise would have read it. Mr. Gore, Jhe saidj was- *one whor had dono the Church good; service— (hear, hear)— but their . regiet at ..his departure was lessened by know ing that' they 'had' an able' 'exponent 'of their .principles w^e™ one ;'wasY wanted— at the Northern -Territory. : The'balance-lsheet showed a balance in hand from last year of £70 Os. 3d. ; -subscriptions received .during the year, £272103.' 7d. ; total receipts, £342 10s, ldd. Expenditure — Grants to- Churches, £225 ;' other ' disburse ments^ £50 Us. 7d. ; total, £305 lls. 7d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £3619s.- 3d. The ypport was formally adopted, and the debate on it adjourned till next day.j . . . MAGAZINE BEPORT. Y . '?'? . Mr. W,' T, Fwnt read the. magazine report/ whi6h was unique, as it* showed no lialiilities; 'The total assets were £60 18s. Id., including,' ho weneiv.jaj large :j amount d,uej.fprl, magazines delivered.; £25 voted at last half- yearly meet ing to the editors arid publisher had been paid, as .also all' incidental expenses, so that,' after ?fcwoand a half 'years' experience, the publica tion of the magazine had been a success. , A' decrease in the ;circulation pf the magazine was* regretted,. but it. was hoped that the Churches would do all they could to promote its usefulness and circulation. ' . ''???..,-. : '' OH0BCH BUILDING FUND REPOBT. : i'-'.Hr.:C; Smedlet in; reading this report ,saidr aierewasanincreaseof £6t Os. 61. in the funds. The- Ghurches aided were in a healthy condi tion, and no doubt would repay the moneys which had been granted them. He referred to the good 'done- through the medium of this ?fund, arid trusted it would receive increased assistance. Last year the assets amounted to £1,536 5s. lOd., and this year they were £1,597 3s. 4d., and consisted of — loan, £1,492 4s. 31., interest, £61 7p. lOd. ; rerit, £4 lls. ; bank, £35 lls. lOd. ; and cash, £38s.5d. . : The report: was adopted, and the discussion upon it adjourned till the following day. , This concluded the day's-businees. ' ' ^The Rev. E. GBiFFifHS announced that the ^ineeiings' wwild be contiriue'd on the following ! day hy'prayer, businessj tea, and public meet 'ings. -.-- - ,i.; :??.-, - ? ' '? ''? 'Aa will be seen by ; our advertising eolninns, a meeting of persons who sympathised .wibhtbe- llev. Fathers: Horan and Nowlan was held o a Tuesday evening, May 14, tho o--j 'ct being to .raise funds for' the purpose of defray-' irig the expanses of those rev. gentlemen, in going to ' Sydney and Borne, and generally in connection with' the recent unhappy jdis pules in the Catholic body.; The sum of £20 w&3 subscribed by tlnse present at the mset i-jg. 