CHRISTMAS-EYE IN A NIGHT TRAIN. Some few years ago we met casually a clever friend who was manager for. a certain railway, and found, after tlte usual greetings, thut we were both suffering froui a very cominoj) ;iiii)uymue, -fiaally known as 'depression of s|)iritn,'' al though, neither of us Was nble to assign any sub stantial reason fur uur condition at the moment. 'Coinewith ine,' said our friend ; 'whenever I am iu Stlse blues' I adopt a simple hut eflicn cious remedy, and you shall try it. 'And canst tlmu minister to a mind diseased '(' was, of course, the natural and time-honored rejoinder. ' Yes, I can ; and I'll tell you what I do. 1 wait until the line is clear, nod then jump on a pilot engine, run fifty or sixty miles dewn, ;nid return agidu under the hour. The excitement of the journey always puts the demons to flight.' The absurdity of tliis proposition had the effect of dispelling our own megrims, as we lungliw! heartily at the notion of consigning our invalu able body to a pilot engine, steaming nloii^ at the rate of a hundred aud twenty miles mi hour. We did not accept our friend's invitation, but subsequently, actiuc upon bis discovery, have more than once sought theexcitenient of Tliames street when business was at its height, and liave found that a walk down that riverside tin iruiigh fare has dispelled every other feeling but one of thankfulness for a safe deliverance' from danger nni death. Let any malade imaginaire try it. Tlie bags, barrels, and bales swinging overhead from every gradation of height, the jamming of carts and cabs, the unparliamentary ' cheeking' (we believe that is tlie word) of cabmen, cartels. aud truck- haulers— the bawling of grimy coal aud corn-porters (who certainly ask, ' By y' leave.' but require such an immediate compli ance that if you hesitate & moment yon are pirouetting in the gutter), the roaring which comes troui the opeuod windows of gloomy tap rooms, filled with half-tipsy fellows, cmittiii!; clouds of most villainous tobacco, are a combi nation of exciting causes sufficient to stiruulaU' the most desponding. On the river side of the street am numerous alleys which lead down to the Tivimes, and in one of them a country friend of ours (let us call him Jack Tracoy), when in London, with the intention of visiting an aunt, found himself during a thick November fug, and i continued to follow its courstr until lie tumbled off the umi of a landing stage, and full plump ) into the river. It was fortunately low wat-er. j and the mud bath which ivwivud him would certainly have been his death had not two or I three coal-heavers carousing in tlie tap-Mom of i the ' Pickled Herring ' heard his oiicw and oomi? j to his rescue. When Jack was dragged ashore j and examined by the light of the tap-room, he appeared to be clothed from head to heel i-i a ' suit of coagulated fog ; sn that after he tmd been. ) taken into the back yard and scraped he lnokcd j not unlike the gray monster in 'Frankenstein,' j and ' smelt so,' as Hamlet says, that putchauU j might really have been considered an agreeable | uerfiimu bv coinnarison. ft was iuckv tiiat Jack had found such quarters, as it was questionable whether any less dirty hostelry would have re ceived him in the filthy condition he was then ; but there were other odours than those from 'Araby the biest,' pervading the 'Pickled Herring.' and Jack's muddiness was, perhaps, an addition to the tmaquet. The landlady, hay ins stipulated that Jack should be vaUttcd in the kitchen before he was taken up-stairs, pre pared Cur him a warm bed, with two hot bricks for his feet., and then administered copious doses of b id rum-and- water softened with salt butter. Tlie effects of her treatment, combined as they were with the shock, fog, and rough hauling of his rescuers, were apparent in the morning, and eventuated in a state of fever which kept poor Jack an inmate of the ' Pickled Herring ' for nearly three weeks, his condition being unknown to his friends for more than a fortnight of that time, owing to the nntrustworthinessof the pot boy—a drunken old fellow of fifty — who had spent the shilling with which he had been en trusted to jiiiy tbc postage, and having after wards lost the letter, had sufficient shame to fceep Jiis own counsel. When Jack wnseonrale scent enough to amuse himself by reading, he was kindly allowed the run of the library at the ' Pickled Herring,' which, however, was very limited in extent, and not particularly interest ing in ehfliceof subjects, as it consisted of several ancient 'Moore's Almanacs,' two odd volumes of the ' Newgate Calendar,' illustrated, a muti lated copy of 'Tales of Terror,' and an old ' rqstdy reckoner,' muched thumbed and soiled at the hages referring to Dry and Beer measure. As Jack had rewarded his deliverers on the night of his rescue, their interest in him had ceased, and having no other acquaintance in the neigh borhood, the poor solitary invalid had plenty of time at his disposal for his literary pursuits. By the time a second letter had brought his Aunt Hester to his bedside, he knew every tale of blood by rote, and was quite familiar with thf- exploits of Mr Richard Tn-:' ?'-?' Tl °- Pirate. Aunt Hester lived1, that may be, and Jack was renio as soon as he was strong enough i* journey and a cabman could be found who Knew the locality. Oood nursing soon restored Jack, oot quite to his pristine vigour, as the phrase runs. His early rum-and-water treatment, or the fog and the mud, had left him with an im paired digestion, which was a great affliction, as Cbristinns time was close at hand, and it being the custom at Jack's home, near Portsmouth, to keep tho festive suison with plain but prodigal hospitality. Aunt Hester, a married branch of the Portsmouth tree, Intel been grafted with a similar reverence for Christmas cheer, and it was generally supposed that she had won the heart of her husband, an eminent exciseman, by her incomparable mince-pies, which she com pounded with as much i-ecreny as is known to attend the manufacture of Day and Martin's blacking. If Jack Tracey had a predilection No ! icore than that— a positive passion for any thing in the world it was for mince-pies ; and defying dyspepsia and its attendant agonies, he. abandoned himself recklessly to the gratification of his appetite on Christmas-eve, preparatory to bis departure by the night mail train for Ports mouth, where be was expected to eat his Christ mas dinner. Aunt. Hester had dressed her little parlour in holly and mistletoe, so that the por trait ot the exciseman, hanging in the place of honor on the wall, looked like a Jack-in-the-green peeping out of bis ' bower of greenery ' on the merry party - three neighbors and Jack— as- Rtttnblea at an curly supper, whereat Aunt Hester's minne-pieu made a liberal display, and commanded the earnest attention of her nephew. Aunt Hester knew that Jack, by his free indul gence, was taking misery to his— well !— bis bosom, but her hospitable heart would not per mit her to raise a warning voice, and the I)e vourcr after a time was filled and happy. Yes, quite happy, for the eminent exciseman wns as much an adept at composing gin punch as his wife was at compounding mince meat ; and so insinuating in its character was the mixture, that, like other tricksy spirits, it beguiled frail mortals tfccasioiiAlly, leading them into strange adventures. Jack Trncey had taken, at his uncle's earnest solicitation, that treacherous 'one glaRH moro,' as a specific against the dan gers of night air aud the tedium of night travel ling, not that Jack waa any whv ' fou,'' nor had he 'just a.drappie in his ee,'r which so poeti cally expresses incipient intoxication; he was only happy— nothing more. As Jack drove to tbeatttjon tiiro^h the busy streets— busy de spite the anow/whioh had fallen— he regarded with admiration Die grooers' windows, bright with gaslights, and bunting eltnost with our* mitt, raisintj^itod «Uron pad piled therein, ftunfihud ail about with iwlly.flprl«, nntii |b JtiBhed in hi*-*eart tf hSuST %tt ! GnnfflQM time «ame oftriqK than ono* m year, and that mince plu wews neror out of MMon. Jnckhafl'beenflfcnkedinft'cjg) totbe ?Ut«m by i&c; ©miurat exuiwnun, buTtound it impossible to avoid giving the driver an extra sixpence in honour of tlie season, although his illiiess at the ' Pickled Herring' had drained hi& exchequer almoat, and. made it advisable for him to travel by a third-cksa carriage,as he was too independent t-* burrow money uf liis relatives, j There was considerable bustlsat the station, which amused Jack after lie had takeu his ticket, much kissing nnd shaking of hands between friends nnd relations, and one neatly -dressed girl hugged an old woman so affectionately and so long that Jack was almost disposed to ask to be taken into partnership. Wheu tlie bell rang, however, the young girl tnuk a parting kiss, and entering a third- class carriage, was followed by .lack, as though he uacl a nglit to escort her, i but he found that she was already provided with, companions. One was an elderly, rough, seafar ing man, who, fur some reason of his own, wore the knot --f his thick red cotton neckerchief muler his right ear, his head being covered by a black fur sea- cap. Xcxt to him sat a smart sailor, and the young girl took her place in a corner on the opposite seat. She appealed to be I either tired or thoughtful, as she only replied ! with a grunt to some remarks about 'granny' which the young man made to her, aud (lien she rested her arm npoii a pile of bundles and baskets on the seat beside her. All this Jack saw by the feeble light of the carriage lamp ; aud then he began to speculate on the probable relation his fellow-travellers bore to each other, deciding that tlie young people were engaged lovers, and the old man was the lather of the pretty maiden. The train was soon iu motion, and Jack Tracey wrapping himself up in his new railway rug— a present from his aunt — placed his feet upon the vacant seat opposite to him, with the iuteu tion of sleeping away some of the tcdiousness of the journey belorc him. He found the deter mination more ditlicult of accomplishment than lie had anticipated, as his ' bosom's lord sat'' by no means 'lightly on its throne,' and some of tin- tribulations which, aunt Hester had fore boded in her nwn mind, as waitinii her nephew, began toV'^ess dim. His discomfi'i't was not in any way mitigated, wtwu the two teaman lighted short pipes charged with very strong tobacco, and the copious clouds which they ; proceeded to send forth soon made breathing diliicult, nearly obscuring the miserable light blinking above I tlii'ir heads. Jack -li-l not care U remonstrate t I with such I'ough-aiid-ruaify-looluig offenders, j j and as the snow was again fallin; fast, he could I I not luwor tlie window nf ihe ciTriugi- without j ! danger of taking cold ; his only .lope of deliver- j ance was tii.it. tlie pretty girl in -lie corner might be inconvenienced by the fuinijation, and obtain some cessation on the part ot ler friends. Hut she was evidently used to it, -r ton absorbed by her own reflection* to intempt the enjoyment of her companions. The olduiaii'* pipe was ;it length exhausted, and Jack, seeing by looking askant from beneath his mf, that he had no iuimediato intention of refiliiig it, congratulated himself on the exlinguishneiit of one of the volcanoes, little thinking «hit new misery tbe old man was fishing out of me of the baskets before him. It came iu the shane of a broken egg-cup and a black bottle, vhich evidently con tained ruin, as tbe piswerfulodour of the spirit soon 'o'ererowed' tbe tolwconnd pervaded the carriage. Jack had u parduiable horror of that popular nautical spirit cvorsince his adventure at the ' Pickled Herring.' md by a quick asso ciation of ideas, he insUntv refilled his mud bath, bis rcsnnp, :!»d subsequent ccniping nw ablution in the kitchen, his frowsy bed and bumble rum-and-water tiatincnt ; tlie exploits of Dick Turpin and Jack tie Pirate ; the terrific incidents of the ' Tales ofieiror ;' the piio.e of coals ; and the nunibt-r of pots of beer contained in a hogshead. Those pleasures of memory, however, were of short dilation, as the old sea man (having filled the cgjr-cup and offend it to the girl, who took a nioisst sip of the contents), readied across his youiger companion and prof fered the «.-up to Jack, wiio politely declined the dram. The old man was not to be so easily denied, and after twr or three refusals on the part of Jack, appealed to his gallantly and nationality by hopisg ' he wouldn't object to the cup after a lady, unless lie was too proud U- drink witli an old lalt who could pay liis way, and didn't care fo: no man as wasn't t man.'' There was no resisting such an appeal, as refusal would aroicar to be a slight to the prctt* girl in the corner, and an offence to the rough oil fellow I who made the request, and who did net seem I likely to put up with an indignity very quietly ; Jack*, therefore, took the egg-cup, bittor'y re grettins the economy which had placed him in such company. The ruin was new and strong, aud Jack hud great difficulty iu swallovhig it ; but having done so, and shaken hands (vith the liberal donor, he was delighted to find shortly afterwards, that the liquor had had the effect of allaying his previous discomfort, and tendering him less obnoxious to the powerful funcs of the ♦--Jv» ? loke which tbe young scanan con in clouds. Jack rearranged his '-H counting the telegnpu posts '' iu the light -ast upon ?'?idows— a wry seda ?ifi must have dis cou. tried h -^imait. Time and the tram passed very rapidly, am.' Jack was surprised to find that they had reached Blanktou station, but by no means gratified when told that they must alight, as the accumulated show made further progress impossible until the line was cleared. The authorities at the .station had done their best to alleviate the discomfort con sequent upon the disaster, and the passengers were shown into a large room garnished in the most approved Christmas fashion, aud in which an abundance of Christmas cheer was laid out for their entertainment. Jack and his party occupied one end of the table, but there was a confusion among the other passengers for which Jack could not account — neither could he dis cover much flavour iu the mince pies, which, resembling iu size and conformation those delicacies mode by uunt Hester, wanted all their other gratifying properties. The attendants, were the railway porters, who, considering the novelty of their duty, appeared to discharge their ministering with much tact and readiness. By degrees the room was deserted by all the passen gers except Jack, the two seamen, and the pretty girl who accompanied them ; and he was not surprised, therefore, when he eaw the porter putting out the lights and heard the station master announce that the waiting- room must be cleared for the night. Jack's companions touk the matter so easily that he was ashamed to make any reruuuslrauce, and, therefore, he went out with them, feeling strongly indifferent as to where they were to pass the remainder of the night. The seamen and the young girl were evidently acquainted with tbe locality, as they strode away briskly over the snow, now har dened by n sharp frost, which had succeeded the fall, and Jack thought he could not do a wiser thing than keep in their company. At last they came to a house lighted partially from within, and resembling, strangely enough! the 'Pickled Honing ' externally. Without waiting to knock, the whole party entered and found { themselves in a large room,, also decorated for Christmas time, and wherein burued a bright ' fire, as though to give them welcome. The I house appeared to be in charge of one of the j railway porters, as the only person to receive . them was a man dressed in the uniform of the ] company, and who shook them all by the hand, i telling them, at the same time, that he had j been expecting tliemwnco tbe train had stopped at Blankton station. When they were seated, the ' old seaman produced the remainder of his rum ' and tobacco, and Jack w&s; too glad to renew his aoqliaintance with tbe potenMpirit, and even to venture on a pipe of tobsceo, as liis walk over the snow had chilled the marrow in his bones. The soothing influence of the spirit anil the narcotic soon displayed themselves on the tuwembled party, and .Tack w*i glad when i the railway porter invited him to go to bed, ' leading the way up a broad staircase, afterwards ushering him into a larger paoncUed room, in which was a bed of considerable diminsions. hung witli ample curtains of fated chintz, aud covered with a railway rugKn lieu of a counter pane. The porter bade him good night after placing upon the table the bull's-eye lamp, which he had carried instead of a candle, and Jack proceeded to make a survey of his apart ment. The floor was of rough, dark boarding, which had sunk here and there under the weight of years, and was not altogether firm beneath his feet. The dark paimclling on the walls was cracked and even wanting iu places, being en tirely without ornament except over the great firepliiee, and there hung a great painting of Dick lurpin in the act of placing an old lady on the fire to make her confess where her money was concealed. In the large grate which oc cupied the ample chimney a few embers of a wood log smouldered, but there were no ma terials for continuing or renewing the fire. Jack was less disturbed than might have been sup posed by these uncomfortable appearances, until he discovered that the donr would not close, aud that its large wooden lock was broken, ap parently having been forced from without at some time or tlie other. He was no coward, however, and he had seen nothing which ought reasonably to have giveu rise to any suspiciun of sinister intentions ou the part of bis new ac quaintance ; but he determined not to undress himself, but to wrap himself in the rug and lie down outside the bed, placing a bull's-eye lamp on thegreatarm-cliair beside him. Jack could not sleep, at least not for some time ; but he must have dozed, as the mom had become perfectly dark, and lie had no recollection of the lamp having gone out. As he lay with his eyes wide open, perfectly conscious of his situation and of all about him, a tight from without defined the outline of tlie d-tor, and streamed through tlie large keyhole in the great lock. Hefore he could rise from the bed or make an enquiry, tho door was opened very gently, and the young girl entered his room as noiselessly as a ghost. She (?juried a bull's-eye lamp, nnd when tlie lijrht J fell upon her face he- saw that she was very pule, I | :md her eyes appeared to be red with weeping. ! Jack Tracey instantly rose up, but before he I onuid speak tlie the girl motioned him to be | fsilt-'iit, and tlwn retracing her steps very cautiously to the door, closed it nearly. Again approaching Jack, she said, in a low sorrowful I voice, 'Mr. Tracey'' (he wondered how she had learned his name)— 'Mr. Tracey, no doubt vou are surprised to see me hero, ;i:id at sucli a time ; but I urn in great tr.iublc, and you, 1 think, will not hesitate to befriend me if I can show you the way.' ' Pray consider me devoted to your service,' replied Tracey, hot knowing what else to say. ' ' I have lieard some thing to-night which will almost kill me if it be true, and I must learn the truth at once. May I ask you to come with me —come witli me out of this house ? All are asleep but ourselves, and you can do ivbflt I now require of you aud what else I may call upon you to do, without fear of detection, if we are careful and silent.' Jack Tracey expressed his ready compliance with her request, and the girl having silently opened tbe door again, cast her light round the landing, disclosing a loug passage which Jack had not seen before, aud then led the way down stairs to a door which opened into an enclosure at the back of the house, apparently secured from observation by a high wall on either side. lhe monn was sliming brightly, throwing the deep shadow of one of the walls upon the white snow ; aud availing herself of this protection from observation, the girl, closely followed by Tracey stole stealthily along towards a distant building, which seemed to be a barn. There was a strong wnd blowing, though it was not frit in the enclosed space they traversed ; but the snow was occasionally scattered from the ridges of the walls and tlie roof of the building which they were approaching. Tracey fancied lie could hear the dashing of waves upon the shore and the moaning of the sen, although he could not account for the close proximity of a beach to Hlankton. The girl stopping before a small door at one end of the great building, lifted the wooden latch, showing by the light of her lamp, which she still carried, a' small room, in which were two dusty chairs and a table, whilst upon the wall were some bunches of faded holly, brown and shrivelled. After closins the door aud setting down the lamp, the girl motioned Tracey to be seated, and then said, in the same low, sorrowful voice in which shu had hitherto spoken, aud as nearly as Jack could remember afterwards, what follows :— ' Mr. Tracey, before ?we proceed further in this night's work it is necessary that I should tell you my story. The old man with whom you travelled to-night is my father— my stubborn, unfeeling father. Two years ago my dear mother died iutbe bouse we have just left, and there, until that sad time, I bad lived all my life. When I was seventeen, I was told that I was very handsome, and my vanity made me believe what was so often re peated to me. My too-indulgent mother was proud of her pretty child, and spared nothing to gratify my love of display and my desire far ad miration. I became every day more conscious of my attractions, and delighted to encourage the attentions of the young men of the place, until many, misled by a pretended regard, offered themselves us my lovers, only to be laughed at by me, and to be ridiculed by their rivals. I was that odious, wicked thini! called a. flirt. Tlir-ro was nni- Imw. ever, whom I did love ; oh ! how dearly I did not know until it was too late. He believed that I loved him, and bore with my wayward ness and unpardonable encouragement of others, sometimes gently reproving me, sometimes avoiding me when his mortification had become extreme and bis earnest love apparently de spised. A word or a smile from me would always bring him back again, and during one repentant interview I exchanged with him a token that we were some day to be married to each other. I will not say I ever sincerely regretted making that engagement, but such was my wayward ness, that at times I have resented some fancied control of me which he appeared to assume, and have caused pain to bis loving heart, which I would now give worlds to know had never been. One Christmas-Evo we had a merry-making in our humble way, and he was kept away by tin unavoidable cause. The young man whom you have seen to- night bad been a suitor to me, and never ceased to press bis attentions upon me whenever we met. He was a favourite of my father, and so was present on that miserable evening. He took more than one occasion, be fore our friends, to jeer me on tbc absence of bis _rivaL I was greatly mortified, my foolish vanity was hurt at the appearance of neglect ! I thought I had a right to command my lover's presence ; and at last I denied that the absent man had any reason to call himself my lover. The man you saw to-night bad become aware, by some means unknown to me, of our ex change of tokens, and challenged ino with wear ing the gift 1 have mentioned. In my wicked rage— my shameful weakness — I took the token rom ray bosom and threw it upon the floor, stamping upon it, and declaring, in a passion of excitement, that I never would speak to him j again or sec him mure. When I recalled the i words I had uttered, as I lay sleepless upon my | bed that wretched night, I did not believe that they were to prove so true -so very true.' The young girl covered her face with bcr hands, but the tears stole from beneath them and fell upon her bosom. Tracey tried to speak to ber, but tho power of utterance seemed to have left him. When tbe girl could regain command of herself she continued— 'Some onetoldAim all that had passed, and when, he hoard it he never uttered one reproachful word. Ho morelysaid, 'God forgive her 1' and went away. What my own sufferings were none kuew beside myself, for I was too wicked to acknowledge ray fault— too proud to ask bis forgiveness P I did never see ' him more ! He went away- -to sea I was told — and from that hour no word of him lias readied . me until this night. 1 was not to escape the consequences of uiy sin, for as such I scion regarded what I had dune. I was overtaken by a settled melancholy, which I could not conceal nor master. I wasted away until it was thought my death was certain. And then my dear mo ther also paid the petulity of ber overindulgcut love, and my bufferings became hers, for it was needful that a nurse should be with me night and day, she would not utiou' a stranger to un dertake the duty, but watched and waited with such constancy, that when. 1 was saved my mother died.' She took from her bosom a wed ding- ring, which was fastened round her neck by a black ribbon, and kissed it, weeping and sub bing violently. At length she resumed.: — 'The young man who travelled with us has ngaiu proposed to marry me, although he knows I have iiu love to give huu. My father has listened to liis proposal, and insists upon my accepting him as uiy liusbanu, declaring lliatueuiinscltmteucu to go again to sea, and therefore, 1. shall need a protector. But if what I have heard to-niglit (jo true, no power on earth shall force me to obey liim. If I could have brought myself to have acted such a miserable lie as to have stood at the altar aud become his wife, it would have been only to have escaped from my lather's brutal anger and perpetual reproaches- -no other course being open to me. If, however, what we are about to see and know be has I have heard, I will not do it ! I will not, do it !' She looked upward as she said this, holding bcr closed hands above her head, her face becoming as white and rigid jis marble. Tiacey was greatly perplexed by what he saw and heard, but he could not sjioak to her, and as though I a band grafted his throat to keep him silent. Tin- young girl now rose up, and, after trimming the lamp, motioned with her head that they must be going. Tracey's bold heart beat quickly, and cold drops of sweat stood upon his forehead. He followed his guide, bow over, who passed — he could hardly perceive how —through -an opening out of the little room into a large chamber — a barn it might have been, Imt the sides and roof were concealed under holly boughs and other evergreens tied together with black ribbon, fn tbc centre of the cham ber mi object was lying covered by a white cloth and lighted by some concealed means which made even the texture of the cloth distinctly visible. Tlie young girl paused for a few moments by the side of tlie concealed object, and then slowly removing the covering, disclosed the body of a young sailor neatly clothed iu the dress of a inan-of-war's-mau, but having en tangled among his huir aud strewed about him clusters of seaweed, shining as though fresh from the sea. The young girl appeared to be pre pared for this strange revelation, and for a few moments she stood motionless and tearless, looking upon the only one she had ever truly loved. At last she bent over her dead lover and kissed the cheeks, the forehead and lijis ; but bcr feelings becoming ton excited for cou trol, she threw her arms around the Benseless form and cried bitterly. When this passion of grief had subdued, she raised her head, shaking aside the long curls which had fallen about her face, and said, in a tone of exquisite sweetness — ' O true lover ! You have come back to one who drove you forth to shipwreck and to death ! Vou have come back to claim your bride, and will take me with you whether your grave be in the churchyard or beneath the waves of the deep sea.' She then beckoned the astounded Tracey to her, aud placed iu his baud ber mother's wedding-ring which she had worn about her neck, saying, — ' Take that cold hand, and between its thumb and linger place this, uiy mother's ring.' Tracey obeyed her, having seemingly lost all free will. 'Now put the ring upon my' finger as lie might have done bad not my wickedness driven him away to shipwreck and to death! To shipwreck aud to death!' Again Tracey endeavored to obey her, but the ring fell from his fingers, and before be could regain it, the noise of approaching numbers was beard, and he looked to the quarter whence the noise proceeded. Ho then became confused or overpowered by what was passing around bim, aud fancied that the dead man raised himself upon one baud, and opening bis closed lids, looked at the young girl with such loving eyes that :dl which would otherwise have been ter rible i u the action was absent ! What succeeded to this strange scene was equally surprising ! The chamber was suddenly occupied by the two seamen and their friends, who seized upon the young girl and Jack as though they were about to take summary vengeance on both of them. During the hubbub which succeeded, tbe bier and its burden were removed. At one end of j the chamber appeared an altar, hitherto uuper ceived bv Tracey, mid standing within tbe rails a venerable clergyman iu a snow-white surplice. On one side of Tracey was the old seaman sup ported by many of his friends, rough, pirate lookim; fellows armed with bludgeons, and on the other side the young girl, downcast and silent. ' What do you rcquu-e of me J' asked the clergyman in a gentle voice. ' This, your reverence,' replied the old seaman , ' this fellow (pointing to Tracey) has inveigled my daughter from my house, aiid as this young mⅈ behind irffc won't marry her on account of it, I require that the other one does.' ' Who \ j I marry,' said Jack; 'the man's mad! 1| don't want to many ! Besides the thing is im possible—No banns, no licence i' ' iiy au old canon of the church, said tbe clergyman, speaking more gently even than before ; ' by au old and somewhat obsolete canon of the church, I can dispense with cither preliminary, and if you will take your places and say after me, the ceremony can be performed in five minutes.' Jack's bead span round as he fell himself forced towards the altar, but he struggled manfully to free himself from tbe crowd about him. The young girl uttered a piercing scream, then another, and another ! until Jack began tu re cognise the steam whistle of the locomotive, aud delighted to discover the old seaman rubbing his eyes with the back of a great worsted inuffatee and the young girl snoring gently, musically iu her corner. The other man— possibly having been left iu charge of tbe rum and egg-cup -had alien forward quietly enough, and buried his bead among tbe bundles and baskets. ' O Aunt Hester! Aunt Hester,' thought Jack, 'those treacherous, though delicious mince-pies of yours ! What a pretty dance they have led me through the Land of Dreams ! If ever I eat more of them than— I can get, or drink bad rum even on compulsion, may I be haunted as I have been this Christmas-eve by memories of Dick Turpin, Jack the Pirate, and Tales of Terror!' Jack Tracey reached his borne in safety, and being laid up on Boxing- day with a bilious attack, wrote his Aunt Hester a letter containing his adventure on Christmas-eve when be was a passenger by the night train. From that letter this veritable story has found its way into London Society.— Mark Lemon. 