THE ROARER AND THE RING. In its introductory remarks to the report of the race for the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, won by the reputed roarer, Prince Charlie, the Field newspaper draws attention to the " enormous lying on racing matters that seems to he a chronic complaint on the tnrf, and for which there is no remedy." "Short of work," "never properly galloped," " beaten in his trial"—such were the canards persistently spread about by the touts. Notwithstanding this " enormous lying " respecting the condition of a horse that all the time was doing remarkably well, the Field states that the general public strongly supported Prince Charlie, and that he carried their money in opposition to talent expe rience and the judgment of old racing men; in opposition, too, to nearly all Newmarket, where the horse and his doings were best known, but where with the exception of Joseph Dawson's (his trainer's) stable, he had scarcely a friend. There is no doubt, further says the Field, that many of the leading bookmakers took liberties with Prince Charlie, and laid against him as if he were dead. There was always, however, plenty of public money to go on him, and plenty of ring money against him. A fortnight before the race, a gentleman who trains in the same stable took 7,000 to 1,000 about the Prince, and never hedged a penny, but at the same time one of the ataunchest supporters of the Bedford- lodge stable deserted it on this occasion, and bent over to brother Slat It was a case of the public and the stable against the talent, the touts, and the ring, and it needs not to be told now how the latter got the worst of it, and how the Prince, the splendid son of Blair Athol, but the (so reputed) most confirmed roarer, won the Two Thousand, very easily defeating a large field, including the subsequent Derby winner, Cremorne. That there should be a difference of opinion respecting the capability of a roarer to win the Two Thousand Guineas we can under stand, but how, at a place like Newmarket, where touting is so easy, there should have been such "enonnonBlying,"as the Field terms it, respecting Prince Charlie's condition, or the amount of work he had done, is past com prehension. Touting in England is carried out so systematically that we cannot under stand how the ring could have been so de ceived. The ring usually employs the sharpest of watchers, and scarcely a gallop or trial can take place the result of which is not wired all over the country within a few minutes of its coming off. Butin Prince Charlie's case, the ring laid against the horse as if he were out of the race. One of the oldest and most astute members of the ring expressed himself to (he Field reporter, who gave an opinion that the Prince would win, " Well, he may, but I shall be very happy to pay if he does." Was ft the enormous lying of the touts that caused the dead set against the Prince on the part of the ring t After all, the talent is not so smart in the old oonntry as it has credit for being. What will Messrs. Joe Thompson, Wallis, Harper, and others of our smart division, think of their brethren at home. They are seldom caught so napping. What an opening there must be for some of our leading talent at home. They would never make a mistake about a colonial Prince Charlie, we imagine, as the leviathans of the British ring appear to have made. What an opening there most be in Great Britain for a talented individual like Mr. Lapdog Thompson to follow his profession, fie would be cheap at £2,000 a year and all expenses to snob a man as Steel. He would have taken Prince Charlie's measure to a I nicety, nor wonld he have reported of the horse-" that he was as aafe as if boiled," to ! quote the elegant phraseology of the betting ring. And rarely after this oar touts can take heart. We all remember poor Hamlet'" Ghost, hbw he was to win a Derby when he conld not raise a canter. How all the colonial touts were taken in as to HamletV condition on the eve of that ruce Is matter of notoriety. Well, it seems the touts in the old Oonntry ere not much cleverer than our*. They can make mistakes also. Was it enor mous lying, or what was it, that caused tin horsetobeso misrepresented? Since Hermit'" year nothing similar has taken place. Ir< handicaps we can understand a surprise, bu< in the Prince's case—a horse doing his work oh Newmarket Heath before all eyes, and a home that had done well in bis, preparation all along—it seems most unaccountable. Any how, enormous lying respecting Prince Charlie's oondition was one of the. prevailing features respecting the late race for the Two Thousand, Guineas, and for onoe the talent, with all its cleverness and craft, was taken in. The moral to te dednoed from this is that in the long run public form is the only safe criterion to go by. Touts and special oom miaslonen are ao often misled and deceived that their opinions must always te taken with wmereatrvtiltion anddlsttnskln noinstanoe that we rememter has public form, as ex hibited in the dntohp, teen more faithfully carried out than in the victory of Prince Charlie at Newmarket. The distance ran in the race for the guineas is so little in excess of that of the two- year-old races of the previous autumn in which Prinoe Charlie, Cremorne, Laburnum, and the other cracks bad met, that it was only reasonable to sap pose it might be followed ap in their first meeting in the spring, supposing ell to meet well at the post. In the Derby and St Leger, where a distance of ground is covered, the spring rnnning is frequently reversed, as stamina as well as speed has then to be considered. So we see Cremorne has won the Blue Riband, Prince Charlie not being even placed. With regard to our great three- year old races, the A.J.C. and the Victorian Derbys, we shall have some curiosity to peruse the bulletins of onr touts, reporters, and special commissioners from head-quarters, as to the relative chances of cracks engaged in those races. Is it to be King of the Ring, Argus Scandal, or Mr. Tait's grey, Lecturer, that is to prove the conqueror this year? The galloping in earnest will soon commence, and we shall, asnsual, despatch oar representative to take his notes. Whatever horse may win the first oi the two events, we hope that at any rate as regards the condition of the hones en gaged, the public will not have cause to echo the complaint of the Field respecting "the enormous lying that seems to be a chronic complaint" in the old country. At Newmarket, where some 400 hones or more gallop of a morning, it may be difficult to take stock of all, and mistakes will happen, but at Randwick and Fleming ton there are such opportunities of seeing what goes on that the condition of the horses should not be a matter of much doubt, although we are fully alive to the fact that, out of a hundred persons who fancy them selves judges in that particular, probably the majority wonld have made the same mis take respecting Prince Charlie as the clever touts did in England. 