THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, JULY 29, 1872. " The King of France with forty thousand men Went up à hill, and then came down again " These oft quoted lines not inaptly describe the position of Tasmania's sixteen Solons. These Parliamentary men of Gotham, as the result of their valour, their prudence, and their able tactics, are just " as you were gentlemen," except that they have stultified themselves, brought Parliamentary action into contempt, and done serious injury to the public interest by the very unjustifiable lock which their leap in the dark has caused the machinery of Government. Having rashly and inconsider- ately adopted a course of action which, in in their absence of wisdom, they determined on as necessary for the public good, and having thereby deprived the Government of the Country of the power of carrying on the public business, the sixteen have a grave responsibility cost upon them, which, having marched up the hill and then marched down again to no purpose, they attempt to shirk, desiring to throw on the Government the duty of extricating them from a position which most of them acknowledge to be ridiculous, though some attempt to brave it out, and, as if to show how utterly incapable they are in everything but pigheadedness, boast that had they to now shape their course they would do the same thing over again. There aro not a few among them, however, of larger mind than to persist in a wrong course simply because they made a false move, and superior to being deterred from remedying a blunder by the silly taunta and jeers of those weak- minded politicians who confuse consistency with an obstinate persistence in wrong. At any rate the sixteen have this stubborn fact to deal with. They very inconsiderately adopted a course which, probably to the surprise of some, left them masters of the situation, a position of which, still more probably to the surprise of all, they found themselves incapable of taking advantage ; and therefore, somewhat illogically, a portion of them at least demand of Government that they be relieved by a dissolution of the awkward fix in which they find themselves. Apart altogether from the fact, so conveniently ignored, that the power of dis- solution does not rest with Ministers, the public, having lost faith in the sixteen, and feeling that the present ignominious termination of their com- bined wisdom and conduct gives no assurance of the prudence of their new counsels, and no hope of a more successful issue, ask what prospect there is of a change for the better following a dissolution, and on what question the constitu- encies are to be called on to give their verdict. To condemn the Ministerial scheme affords an apparently tangible issue.biit it is not so in reality. The Ministerial propositions set aside,what then t The Colony desired to have some schemes submitted to take the place of that rejected ; and that is just what the sixteen have failed to place before the Country. We have had enough of the knocking down process with no available materials for building up again. We huvo uno Ministry dis- placed by men incapablo of giving us another in its stead ; and, therefore, we hesitate at the bidding of the same men to throw aside one modo of raising the rovenue which it is admitted by all must be raised, without some prospect of a feasible schema for sustaining the credit and good faith of tho Colony. Truo, Mr. Meredith says, while imposing taxcB with ono hand he would with tho other caso the poor man of burdens pressing too heavily on him through the Customs. This is too vague and illusory a proposal to deceive any. Mr. Meredith's powers of persuasion are not sufficient to mislead the people into accepting such a piece of transparent claptrap ; and should such an indefinite proposal secure Mr. Meredith's re-election for West Devon, we can only say he and his constituents would be worthy of each other. But there are other representa- tives and political leaders than Mr. Meredith ; other constituencies than West Devon ; and will they be inclined to follow such a will o' the wiBp Î We vonture to say, assuredly not ; and the time has como when every true Tasmanian, we care not whether his sphere be within or without the walls of Parliament, is called on to do his duty, and to bring to its dischargo a calm, dispassionato, and anxious consideration of the unfortunate condition in which the affairs of the Colony aro now placed. The Governor seems to have considered that he has exhausted his constitutional powers, and has called on Ministers to withdraw the tender of their re- signations. A grave responsibility is thus cast on Government, but not on them alone, That responsibility primarily rests with the Assembly which, by its act, has- brought about a condition of affairs unexampled in constitutional Govern- ment A few words will suffice to explain the preset i state of matters. The curtain on Friday dropped on tho scene which, in so far as the public knew, had exhausted the recommendations of his responsible advisers, and left His Excellency to take such steps as he, representing Her Majesty, might deem most in accordance with constitutional practice. We now learn that when left to his own resources, His Excellency sent for Mr. Innes, the President of the Legislative Council, and asked that gentleman to undertake the formation of a Ministry, and Mr. Innes, as if the task were not altogether distasteful, asked time to consider, which meant to consult his political friends. Some curious questions are suggested by this circumstance. If no spirit-medium recorded at Government House the aspirations at Newlands, and if no mutual friend with a shrewd guess at Mr. Innes' readiness, to sacrifice himself on the altar of public duty, hinted to His Excellency that Mr. Innes might help him over the fence, what could have suggested to His Excel- lency a recourse to Mr. Innes ? Why, if fol- lowing so strange a course, not first, or at all,' apply to Sir Robert Officer, the gentleman who occupies in the Chamber, where the difficulty arose, the position which Mr. Innes occupies in the Chamber whose unruffled calmness has not been disturbed except by the over emphatic and stilted protestation of Mr. Innes, that he held himself above the atmosphere of the vulgar squabbles of gentlemen with, whom he hod barely exchanged the ordinary salutations of polite society 1 Why in such dilemma overlook Sir Robert Officer, a gentleman who is as remarkable for the general confidence reposed in him, ns the other is for the scant roliance placed in him 1 Was it that His ExcELLENCY.from the vory vehemence of that gentleman's contrary protestations, was the more inclined to bolieve ( that only he wanted to be called in ; nolo tpiscopari being with him, as with humble churchmen, the usual preliminary to grasping the keys and crooknnd donning the mitre 1 'Twos strange, 'twas passingstrange,and still the wonder grows, when Mr. Innes' part in this little drama is analysed. Assuming that His Excellency made a mistake, misjudging Mr. Innes, how was it that this gentlemen, if he was as superior to party manoeuvres, andas much above the in- fluence of party politics as he declared from the President's chair, did not at once docline the task offered him, telling His Excellency that the dignity of the position he occupied, re- quiring, as it did, that he should keep himself aloof from party squabbles, forbade his even «ntertaining the idea of forming a Ministry, or mixing in the strife of the Assembly. If, as he said, he had been in previous communication with no one,; if he had takeu sweet counsel with none, why was it he asked time to consider ? We are prepared to be told that duty called. We had heard something of that duty before, but well informed people were as little deceived by it then as now. Meanwhile we know that if Mr. Innes does not occupy the place of one of the Government team, it is because, like his friend Mr. Gellibrand, he failed in the attempt. He ¡b now left lamenting, and re- alising how true it ¡b that " the best laid scheme o'mico and men gang aft agco." His hopes in Mr. Innes having failed, and not deeming the circumstances warranted a dissolu- tion, or held out any prospect of thereby at- taining a material change in the constitution of the Assembly, His Excellency again had re- course to Mr. Wilson, and requested that he and his colleagues would withdraw their ten- dered resignations. Mr. Wilson does not seem to have been so anxious to retain office as some were to get it, and asked time to consult his colleagues as to what should be done ; and here the matter at present rests. The probability ia that Ministers will throw on the Assembly the responsibility of their act. Three courses seem open. A dissolution ; the majority forming a Ministry ; or the Assembly rescinding its vote. The objections to a dissolution we have stated. The publio feel the time for this has not yet come. That the majority can form a Ministry may ho safely accepted as hopeless. Will they then rescind their hasty and ill-advised motion ? To do so directly may bo very distasteful ; nay, soino may even plead conscientious scruples ; but surely a direct contradiction may be avoided. Even the most doubting of the sixteen may consent to some resolution which, whilo not ex- pressing confidence in Ministers, will declare that as they fail to discover any possibility of such a combination of other Members in whom they could place equal confidence, the present resolution should not stand on the records of the Houso. The Assembly has placed itself in a dilemma. Is it capable of rising equal to the occasion, or will it obstinately continue to uphold its error i The vote of Parliament placing a thousand pounds at the disposal of Government for placing the Launceston and Western Railway in working order, is, we learn, being already acted on, men having been set to commence the necessary repairs. This is so far satisfactory ; but we hope that in their zeal to repair damage, and prevent greater destruction of the line, Government have been cautious as to the agency employed. We hold it would he such a blunder to give the directors and their officials the control of the money, that very strong reasons indeed would be required to even palliate their again resuming any right of interference. The £1,000 would ga in salaries. If the professional Commissioner is the right man in the right place, and we believe he is, were it only from the hatred the directors and the Railway secretary show towards him, the responsibility should be thrown on him. Anticipating the resumption of the trains, we un- derstand that quiet efforts arebeingmade to have con- tinued the present management with its extravagant expenditure. Against any such step we protest. The line has been ruined by being over officered, ami the heavy salaries paid hem. A staff of secre- tary, manager, traffic superintendents, clerks,Btation masters, porters, and servants, is quite unnecessary on a line with at most only a couple of trains each way. One or two outside the office, and as many inside, can discharge the traffic and clerical duties. Station masters with nothing to do but to qualify in habits of idleness, are out of place on snell a line. A porter who would not be abovo helping to load goods after tho train passes, could do all the work now discharged by station maBtcrs, some of whom to their salaries add tho rent of their house accommodation, which they let. Economy and careful management will so Biircly make the Rail- way a source of some profit, that we are in a position to say that Government, if they are inclined to lease, can obtain a guarantee against the Colony being put to any expense for the maintenance and working of the line for the first year, with a rent on an increasing scale afterwards. There is, therefore, no occasion to fear a continued source of drain on the public Troasury. In the House of Assembly on the ICth of the month, Mr. James Scott, in opposing the grant for superior education, said he did so as " they were encouraging these Superior Schools to the neglect of the poor children, who were in soino cases flogged and taunted to got them driven away." Tho Minister of Lands, who is Chairman of the Board of Education, stated at the timo that he did not con- sider the charge a well founded one, and promised, if Mr. Scott would give him, privately, any informa- tion in respect to any chargo of such a naturo, hu would have it enquired into. Mr. Scott did gi vo some private information, and it was to the effect that a girl named Cramp attending the Elizabeth street school, Launceston, had been flogged and accidentally oxposod, and that a boy named Cramp, a brother to this girl, had also been unnecessarily flogged. The Chairman of the Board of Education acted up to his word, and did have the matter investigated, and the result of the investigation guee to show that Mr.' Scott; must have been mil . informed, or have spoken without having made proper enquiry, for we cannot believe that ho would have brought himself to act on the principle that the most telling way of opposing tho grant for superior schools, would be to raise a dismal wail for the oppressed and Ul- treatod free scholars. It is really a pity that a Member of Parliament should ullow himself to bo button-holed by every mal-con tent, who can catch him in the lobby of the House or elsewhere, and it is to be regretted that any man should take advantage of his office to utter damaging statements against men in responsible positions. Tho Chairman of the Board of Education at once wrote to the Chairman of the School Board with referenco to the charge that had been made, and the reply waa to the effect that the matter had been before the Local Board, tho mem- bers of which had expressed their complote satis- faction at the manner in which the school was managed by the master, Mr. Kidd. The facts of the case where the poor girl had been flogged and ex exposed were as follows : -She was rebellious and obstinate, and having refused to go to a lower class when told to do so, the master gave her one or two» cuts on the palms of the hands, and as she still refused to go to the proper class ho took her by the shoulders and put her there. There was no unneces- sary flogging, and no exposure. The charge about the boy who hod been flogged and taunted, was with referenco to a lad named Cramp, a brother of the girl's, who attended the same school, when Mr. Leach was master. Mr. Leach was written to, and in his reply he emphatically and indignantly denied that he had ever flogged any boy because he was a free scholar, or that he had ever called a boy a -pauper or taunted him. To show how these poor OrampB were neglected on account of their poverty, and 'how much justification Mr. Scott had for making the statement he mode in tho Houso. Mr. Leach in his letter, to the Boord of Education, states that another boy named Cramp, and a brother to the beforc- inontioned boy, left the school in 1869, as one of the Board's exhibitioners, having received as much of the time and attention of the master after the regular school hours as any other boy. With respect to the boy about whom all the fuss was mode, Mr. Leach says that some time he broke one of the school forms, and was punished for it. His father refused to pay for it, and the boy was suspended from attendance, but was afterwards taken back. Some time after this he was stubborn in class, and was punished for it. His fother sum- moned Mr. Leach, the master, to the Police Court for flogging the boy, and the magistrates dismissed the case with some severe comments on the conduct of the father. The matter was discussed before the Board of Education at its meeting on Saturday, and a resolution was passed to the effect that the Board expressed its strong condemnation of the chargea made in such a reckless manner against the teachers in the schools under its control. In our opinion the wording of the resolution should have been even stronger. No mon, whether he be a Member of Parliament or not, is justified in making a serious charge against a fellow-man without having first made proper enquiry, while these stupid statements about the abuse of the poor are only calculated to get up a feeling of class animosity. A public discussion on spiritism, between Mr. David Blair and Mr. Tyerman, has commenced in Melbourne, and probably will continue some time. Both the coutroversionalists are gontlomen of marked ability. Mr. Blair has been a Member of Parliament, a newspaper editor, a lecturer, and, in fact, is not particular what râle ho adopts. Mr. Tyerman was formerly a Church of England Minister in the Sandhurst district, but ho has been attached to various denominations, and when he became a spiritualist, and como under tho notice of Archdeacon Crawford, and subsequently the Bishop, people were wicked enough to say-and tho newspapers, being down upon spiritism and its votaries, assisted in circulating the aspersion-that in a worldly point of view the spiritists were much more liberal in remunerating their teachers and leaders than tho Episcopalians, and that this fact had great weight with Mr. Tyerman. But every- body was not so spiteful as to entertain such a thought ; Mr. Tyerman could not change his views for any such sordid motive ; he was far too con- scientious. Well, we are going to be impartial on that point, because beyond common report our acquaintance with the man docs not extend, and if he was tempted by a higher salary to become an apostate to the Episcopalian faith, ho was guilty of no greater offence than many a man before him, and as there is said to be a graduated scalo of spheres in spirit-land, possibly Mr. Tyerman, for suffering such a martyrdom of calumniation, may the sooner attain the highest sphere of all, and live in per- petual bliss. These are the two gentlemen who aro now amusing themselves and tho public of Mel- bourne by a delectable discussion on spiritism. So far they have attacked each other's víowb with a courago which must be highly delightful to the auditors, for though the subject is a vory profound one, beyond the comprehension of an ordinary mimi, yot they fill the building in which the discussion takes place to overflowing, and the listeners cheer and lough, and " Oh, ho," and express their appro- bation and disapprobation to an extent which must be very encouraging to Messrs. Blair and Tyerman, as showing that their disquisitions are attentively listened to. Mr. Tyerman tells us that thero are thirteen classes of phenomena, and the evidence of these is presumptive and direct, and comes from all classes of the community in all countries. He also . kays that the phenomena never have been andnover can be produced by any agency or known laws, because they were governed by intelligences inde- pendent of medium, and that those intelligences . claim to be disembodied spirits ; whilo he asserts that the central doctrino of apiritism is that the spirits of tho departed, under certain conditions, hold communion with those still in the flesh. To assist him in his task, Mr. Tyerman enumerated a number of test cases, chiefly from America, in which extraordinary thiugs were done by extraor- dinary people, with results no less extraordinary and startling. Mr. Blair, on the other hand, is very severe on his opponent. He asserts that tho doc- trines of spiritism were stolen from Christianity, Saduceeisin, and heathenism ; that table-turning is at least 3,000 years old ; that Simon Magus floated in the air and found plenty of dupes to believe him ; and that involuntary writing was practised to this day in tho temples of India, and had been for agos. Ho also quoted the contradictions of spiritualism at great length. As to the test cases he styled them the most preposterous ghost stories, and quoted the report of the London Dialectic Society, which said that the phenomena of spiritualism were only physical efl'ects of an unformulated law, or were humbug. All scientific men were agreed, he said, that tho phenomena were produced by natural force, and it only needed further investigation to drag it into tho light. These facts surely were (¡overo enough on Mr. Tyerman and his tenots ¡ but when his opponent mentioned that it had been admitted beforo tho Dialectical Society by a Mr. William Fawkner, that he used to manufacture magnets which produced raps on tables, and that Professor Pepper had undertaken, by natural means, before a London audience, to producá the spirit hands, the rapping, and the roBt of it, and then show how easily the trick could be done, tho spiritualists present must have felt their faith tottering. The second discussion was concluded by Mr. Blair saying, in allusion to spiritualism, that "a grosser or moro demoralizing imposture was never attempted to be played off on the human race ; not one new fact, not one new law, not ono new thought, not one new idea, has been given to us by spiritualism-but simply scandalous and shameless immorality." The spirits are doubtless becoming discouraged by this time, for Mr. Blair is a tough foe, and in thiB discussion he is unrelenting and inexorable. Debates of this kind are usually unprofitable things ; but in this case a few dark minds moy bo enlightened on the question, and possibly tho faith of sonic spiritualists shaken. Tub Pakmamkntaky Crisis.-On Friday His Excellency sent for Mr. Inuos, President of the Couucil, but that gentleman, taking a day to con- sider, declined to undertake the task of farming a Ministry. HU Excellency on Saturday afternoon sent for Mr. Wilson, ami asked of that gentleman that he and his colleagues should withdraw their teudered resignations, Mr. Wilson undertook to consult his colleagues, and thus the mattor at present tests, The cry is now, what will the sixteen dpT The English Mail.-The Derwent with the -English mail on board arrived at the bar yesterday at 12-30. The Post Office Secretary kindly informs us that the coach with tho Hobart Town portions of the mail left Launceston at 5.30, being half an hour earlier than'usual. We may therefore expect that the delivery will be commenced hero shortly after nine o'clock this morning. City Council-Tho City Council meets at 4 p.m. to-day. The business for consideration is as follows:-Reports from the Public Works' Com- mittee on petition of residents in Princes-street for repairs there ; on petition of certain persons for reconstruction of bridge over Sandy Bay Rivulet ; on petition of Mr. Northcote, alleging that City Surveyor's report on Brisbane- street is founded on a misapprehension. From the Parliamentary Com- mute upon the submission to the Council of a Bill to be introduced into Parliament to amend " Tho Hobart Town Water Works'Act, 1860," in certain particulars, with power to borrow a further sum of £5,000 for the extension of tho works. The 'orders of tho day aro-1st. The considération of survey and report of the Director of Water Works on line for a proposed troughing in continuation of the present works at Fork Creek and extending to the Plains Rivulet. 2. The consideration of applica- tions for the situation of Town Hall keeper. " Spangles and Sawdust."-Such is the appel- lation given to a work which we have received from Messrs. Walch and Sons. The writer is Mr. R. P. Whitworth, author of '. Under the Dray," " Round the Camp Fire," and other sketches of Australian life which have been so favourably acknowledged by the Press and the public of these colonies. The title, compared with the contents, is a very appoBite one. In circus argot "spangles" meanB good business, and "sawdust" bad, and several of the toles contained in the book have reference to the circus business, as, for instance, "Burnt Johnson's Story," "My Own Story," "Signora Zepbyrina's Story," and others. They are all written in the facile stylo which íb characteristic of Mr. Whit worth's productions. The descriptions of tho count! y where tfie occurrences are supposed to have takeu place aro vividly written, and there is a combina- tion of tho ludicrous with the pathetic which cannot fail to give " Spangles and Sawdust " a wide circulation. " CkitoV Pamphlet.-We have received a pamphlet entitled "Launceston and Western Rail- way, no Iobs to the country : Promoters r. Antago- nists," with the signature "Crito" appended. The author of this brochure has undertaken to justify the construction of that line of railway, nnd to vindicate the directors' management. Starting with thcqucBtion, "were the promoters justified in the years 1860-62, in expecting that a railway would be advantageous to the country ?" he proceeds to show that the railway has in a great mea- sure effected the chief object, which the pro- moters had in view, and that, too, by the the sacrifice of their capital to the extout of £55,000, and although ho doea not Bay that tho railway has effected all that the promoters desired, yet he main- tains that it has done more good-or negatively speaking-it has prevented more evil, than they or their antagonists can now form an estimate of. He also attempts to prove from actual results, that the promoters' estimate, as au estimate, was wonderfully accurate. This he does by quoting from the statis- tics of the colony for the year 1860 and 1871, and by comparing the cost of transit of passengers, goods, &c;, prior and subsequent to the opening of the line, and he infers that, if the quantity niton which the promoters based their estimates hod been simply sustained, the saving in 1872 to the producer, by the immediate introduction of the railway, would be £44,000. He also compares the Launceston and Western Railway with the Victorian lines much to the advantage of the former, and, after producing a quantity of statistical and othor information, he arrives at the conclusion that he lins " sufficiently demonstrated to the ' intelligent few ' that on the score of economy the directorate have nothing to fear ; on the contrary, the results redound greatly their credit." Traps fou thf. Unwary.-A number of young- sters were amusing themselves in Murray-street last night, near the coach office, hy watching how many persons fell over a large stone they had placed on the footpath. At ono timo, three young ladies who were passing fell down at the same time, but fortunately they were not hurt. This is a kind of amusement that should not be encouraged among the rising generation. Water-Something should be done to stop the continual flow of water from the drinking fountain in tho Domain, immediately op¡ osito the cattle jetties. The wator at the present time is wasted, and part of the hill is converted into a swamp, and rendered impassable. Broken Water PirE.-A large voluino of water was yesterday pouring over the road from a fracture in tho pipes at the intersection of Mun ay and Davey streets. The water was running from an early hour in the morning, and continued to do so throughout the day, making the already sloppy condition of the street still worso. The authorities should havo some means by which, even on Sunday, some temporary arrangement might be made for preventing the waste of water, and damage done to the highways, which result from these breakages in the water pipes. A Fall in Meat,-On Saturday afternoon, just before dusk, as a butcher was ridiug along Murray street, his horse stumbled, and the basket he was carrying and its contents were scattered over the road. A man and woman who were standing by, seeing a fine chance for a cheap Sunday's dinner, eacli snatched np a joint and made off in different direc- tions. There was no policemen at hand, and the butcher had to gather up the rest of his moat and submit to the loss of the two joints. Bellkiuvi: General Sessions.-Tho monthly Court of General Sessions was held at Bellerive, on Saturday. The business before the Court was unimportant, consisting only of au appeal case against a previous decision of the magistrates, which was adjourned, and a small debt case. Clarence Municipal Council.-Tho monthly meeting of the Council was held on Saturday last. Tho business transacted was only of a routine nature. Railway Minstrels.-The Railway Minstrels will give their second Ethiopian Entertainment at the Odd Fellows' Hall to-night The performance is complimentary to Mr. J. Ogilvie. There is a good programme of songs and dances, and the double American clog dance, and " The Rival Darkies " will be done for tho first time in Hobart Town by amateurs. There have been a number of rehearsals, and, judging from the success of the last Entertain- ment given by the Railway Minstrels, to-night's performance should be a good one. Cooley's busses will run to and from New Town and the Odd Fellows' Hall. Gas Company.-On Wednesday, the 7th of August next, the half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the Hobart f own Gas Company will take place at the Company's office. The meeting is convened to receive the report of the directors, to declare a dividend, and for other general pur- poses. All Saints' Association.-The second entér- inent in connection witli this Association will be given on Thursday ovoning next, instead of this evening, as originally announced. The programme consists of musical selections and readings. Tea Meeting at St. John's Church.-The St. John's Benefit Society celebrate their first anniver- sary by a social tea meeting, which takes placo in the school-room, Goulburn-strcot, this evening. The $12 Lover AVatoh, No. 13,580 purchased from ChaB. P. Norton & Co., 80 Nassau-street, New York, January 5th, has boen carried by me over six mouths, with a total variation in tiino of only SO Beconds, without tho slightest regulating, and presents the same brilliancy of colour as when pin chased. James R. Wilson, Soo. American S. M. Co. N.Y Now York, July 30th, 1870. [AdvM Too Late !-How often do we hear this cry of anguish from those who find themselves sinking'fnst under tho pressure of disease, as they look back nt the lost opportunities to regain their health. To all such wo say, it is not too late ! try Bristol's Sarsaparilla and Pills, they havo cured hun- dreds of sufl'erers. Try thom ! try thom !-[Advt.] 