MINING INTELLIGENCE The past week has been, be barren of incident that it is scarcely worth a review. Most of our mining interests have either fallen in value or nave had a most uncertain market, and it is difficult to estimate a day beforehand what mines will possess -- public attention they get So many of oar »ta.uai* held at a distance from Ballarat, that it indicate! 1 a favorable nature give local investors a desire »’ I into any particular mine, they are obliged o their guard, for fear the market becomes rmnea shares from outside holders. In Melbourne esp J holders are particularly timid, and no sooner they a ghost of a chance to sell than, "i •, notable exceptions, they are in the held im • The natural and expected panic in Sandhufi may have produced tln3 timidity or have in ’• Winter’s Freehold shares fell from £33 3 “ to during the week, with many lookers-on vt o , have a “ go in” should these shares tone ■ It would therefore look like the bottomfig stock. But what a fall! £5O m the and *29 now! ■ “ Within the space ot ®e revo^s moon” this mine has depreciated about- , have been many fluctuations in our S within that period, but none like this, a , we know, the mine is as promising now as month ago.. , _ ln n sc- Saturday’s market was flat, and W'T tions were recorded. Magdalas had P ;J business, at prices ranging from -3 -a o North Clones had sales at £lO2 and .f were weak at £ll, with a few sales a- " 1 figure. Lothair Extended sold at os . Cll and Albion Consols werem demand i Melbourne account. Parks were a „.,: on a t 3s S4 New Criterion, Clunes, were sold by auch; a but later, when the crushing was M . y. fetched 4s 3d. South Scotchmans = United Albions, 14s 6d; and, Winter sF a=J Racecourse, Haddon, were sold at * British Sovereign, Wehla, for 203. . i. aci The following sales were report- hy Albion Consols, £± 15s; British a thair, £l4, £l3 17s 6d; lothair Extends: , y, Magdala, £3 2s, £3 4s, £3 DS » laV mq, riO5W ; ; 4s, 4s 3d; New North Clunes, £lO-, y ; Parks, 15s, 14s 6d; Parkers Ex a ScttchmS,6= 6i : Racecourse, 56s by auction, South United Albion, 14s 6d; Winters, • „y bo During the latter part of the netk » * &ut; i been forming for working the mine jj ac jonißi Australia, recently inspected by air a o. of Geelong, who was specially and Melbourne capitalists to report prospectus has been issued as a_ p 0 f the®*’ has been very favorably received by - re port influential gentlemen in to f by the English mail of a still furt .. tc j ; n price of copper has doubtless cont direct® 3, gree to thus stimulate enterprise M ft Je- From all we can learn the venture p serves, success'. . ...it ia the (to- The Bendigo papers report a“ D “S Compel-'; cuit Court there, Gordon v Golden which tho plaintiff sued for £ nlaiutri-. ISO shares in Nos. 2 and 3 rnbut - but tto ho had sold original scrip ex sbares * company refused delivery of • al scrip- , plaintiff could not produce km or g pldntri jury, however, returned a verf et tor m 1 £lBO for the non-delivery J* su*# 4 * valued at 7a 6d each, and fix giving a lOs'per share, or £240 as dam: S'--, diet for £420. ,«the foUom»S, oB S Tho Pleasant Creek aY«w b« thej 1 gov«J^ sinking and what we tear is v e ] 0 w I®®® e U ment reward for gold <^^ d Jf OD just®” “Arather interesting raco u g Magmas tween the New North Clones and rf . £lo ponies to see who is to g a Q o vernm ent .V jer said to have been ottered b y that found day to the first mining cOI ?P a ”C aC e. The below 1000 feet shaft is down 950 tect; t 1 flas SPF 915 shaft is down 1004 feet, and the Jane people think theMagdala nM first It is the opinion of many mhiintT that the firat, or the first v ..rested j n each mining district of the fjr\ area coi wnld-bearing stone at or below 1000 co ' ony ’ th M receive a handsomer bonus than £lOOO. shaft will soon have cost the share ®eMaSi,n nno without seeing a speck of gold, and hoHerai- u >y u rvea reward an d encouragement.” understand that the New Caledonia have had a yield of 786 oz of Company, fortnight’s crushing. This is reported pld for the P ° £ go ld ever produced in this ? s perhaps, the best average yield district, an n^tleniame. everhnewn b Linton—Yield for week, 67 oz ArgJle i dindend of two shillings and sixpence has 14 dirt a w o thing fresh at the mine to report, h**,. ooartz Company, Stieglitz—Main lode No. Alb ! on 13 feet, lode thin; drive on the break 3lefel exte ct ge t the east lode in 15 feet, in I s . tODe3 U inches thick and payable quality, hole is « t , Q the atopea 0 f g o od quality, ground >' o -" le . r f so tons on the surface, hni Abo Consols Company—Yield of gold Bl „d and oz 5 dwt . Na 3j 13 oz 3 d wt; 03^ tU ci ?r’f) dwt; No. 5, 21 oz; total, 112 oz 13 dwt. the week:-No. 1, 386 oz 17 dwt; No. 2, Yield for ... fg dwt; No. 1, 358 oz s dwt;No. dwt; total, 1172, oz 2 dwt. 5 1930Z0 Q om p an y —Crushed 220 tons quartz, ,® iC „ iso oz 4 dwt 12 gr gold. 11 i fc Horae Quartz Company, Mount Egerton— the claim proceeding favorably, pumping. H° r ,¥ ab j.jou good duty, water reduced near to fSI on Saturday morning; expect to have the Eet 11 out of shaft by Monday night first, 29th m * er « w £il be able to go below on Monday mom . *‘rvntract for sinking main shaft has been let, “S,be proceeded with at once. _ ; c t—There have been reports circulated during ,“L mrt of last week of the finding of a nugget •Him Wellington claim, Eaglehawk Gully, near to J? “ . H gully but from enquiries instituted I find " „ from the getting of a somewhat frmblo prospect while driving. The Royal Mint S m the same neighborhood, and the Golden n rn are both bottomed and driving; this week will i;Mv decide whether we are to have two rich or only one in this locality. The returns from Trier's par t y were9B oz. A whim has been erected Tfte Kelson Company’s shaft, sinking having been att The Key Company obtained 113 oz for the IfSt- the Boyal Standard, 5 oz 15 dwt; Si Point, 7 OZ 1 dwt; the Victoria Company, 18 ra fortnight; Beelers' Hope 13 oz 14 dwt Twenty tons of quartz were crushed by the Frenchman’s Quartz Company, which yielded Boz 5 dwt. Living- Eta and party also crushed 12 tons, which yielded , pi dwt. The manager of the Cosmopolitan ;poits"the contractors having driven 38 for the week, ijlalaaan Company—Yield of gold for fortnight, Woz- several of the faces have been short-handed, rerv little blocking is being done. There is a large extent of ground opened and ready for blocking as soon as it is properly drained. Expect better yields when blocking is commenced. Carter and Party, Broomfield Gully-Yield of gold for the week from 1 of dirt, 971 oz. Carter’s Extended Company, Broomfield Gully—Puddling machine is erected. Washing will be commenced early in the week. Nel son Company, Broomfield Gully—The whim is erected and that part of shaft left by former contractors slabbed up, ready for present contractors to begin Anting. Climes.—New North Clunes Company—Quartz crashed lor the week, 9SO tons, yield, 4300 z 19 dwt, including 30 oz 4 dwt from 16 tons of pyrites. A dividend of £1 per Ehare has been declared. Crite rion Company—Twenty heads of stamps were work in' lor the past week time equal to 41 days. 152 tons /quartz were crushed; yield, 46 oz 10 dwt of re torted gold, 450 1b quicksilver and 14 tons blanket staff still remains. The reef in No. 3 level has widened to 6 feet. No change in width of lode at No. 2 level. The appearance of the quartz in both levels denotes an improvement. The stone crushed was taken _ from both levels. Clunes Consols Company—Mining manager reports, under date 26th instant:—'"The shaft has been sunk a further depth of 7 feet, making 108 feet 6 inches below the bottom level, or a total of 870 feet 6 inches iromsnrface Theground has got considerably betterfor riniinz, having got clear of the reef in the shaft, which basimderlayed west. No. 5, or the 762-feet level—the smith drive has been driven a further distance of 13 feet; ground continues favorable; reef small, but well d;Sn«L The north drive, same level, has been driven 4 feet; ground bard; reef is about 2 feet thick and wed defined, with two good walls. Tenders are being i i'J’ .or reletting this drive, returnable on Monday. >’o. 1, or the 352-feet level—tbe east drive has been driven a further distance of 31 feet, making a total of 395 feet from shaft; ground continues favorable, fiteral quartz leaders having been passed through raying from 3to 6 inches thick. Tenders have been accepted for the erection of engine, battery, &c.;, and tie work will be commenced immediately.” London ad Oriental Company, Clunes—During tbe past week we have driven a further distance of !i feet, making total from shaft 41’ feet. Gmund a little softer, and of a lighter color, berth Lothair Company—The shnft has been sunk tie required depth and opened out. Driving east and west will be commenced on Wednesday next. As be ta stated, it is expected the eastern reef will be rirack at about 80 feet. As there is still a balance of £4OO to the credit of the company, and the liabilities !K J email, it is anticipated that the company will be enabled to commence crushing -without calling upon tee rinrehoMcTß formny further contributions. South toinr Company—lt has been decided to call fresh tenders far sinking shaft, those received being not oasuctey. May-day Freehold Company—At a meet “zci the board of directors of the above company it 'r&tenaincd; that Fisher’s tender, for sinking the to the depth of 100 feet, at the rate of £3 12s 6d I i- r K be accepted. Tbe shaft will be sunk about 100 fctiraiathe west boundary, equi-distant from north boundaries. Contracts for shaft timber have tririgOTOml M( * ' VlJr k ' 3lO be carr i ed on persistently Crown Quartz Company, Hepburn—Yield for fort- night 48 oz gold. The mining manager re iports: 'At the124 feet level the winze is now down 40 feet, and at the bottom is very much broken up. I have driven to the north on its course 30 feet and the backs are stoped out 15 feet high the whole distance. Going south I have driven 20 feet, having stone 2½ feet thick, and appearing to get thicker as it goes that way coarse gold still to be seen in it; the backs are stoped out above this drive 20 feet high. In bottom level I have risen up from back of main drive 25 feet, and have a lode at the top 5 feet in thickness, with gold seen. I have also commenced stoping and it is from this place that I have ob tained the greatr portion of the stone for the battery this week. The contractors have made very slow this week, owing to the face being nearly all quartz, and very wet overhead; 10 feet only has been driven, making total length of drive 80 feet.” d tais d n?<^- COmi>a r y ’ stieglitz—The erection “og satisfactorily. t? Ugg i et s and C ewK ) > s; well as ever.— Mercury, 3ts 1} dwt T uf D ?" yie J and °£ gold for the week, ‘iXo. 5 Wo ‘, • " a t No. 2 shaft have reached 6j“ia ai . anil " 6 °f the late Alston and Weardale tsSitdy. ex P e cted to be raising washdirt im -11 , Com P an r- Springdallah—Yield 15 «iU looking WSL bUtorS ’ 28 ° Z 3 dwt 12 £r - No. 3 °^miu C 2 Tr” t y '~ Ia “sequence of the winding I?, days were lost last [ ID § one * machinery , rai'e an ,i ® U “ 1 d , l ord . er > and every effort will Yield on o^, Ud^ e P* e “ty of wash from this ff'd'iou Comrnmf at v- r 1^ y ’ 10 ozl6 dwt of gold, hlldwt Dy Ale * d °f S°ld for the week, 82 C °mpany—Yield of gold for fort ’/aaijj sfdi In —Yield of gold for the of the min 7°° ° Z 10 dwt ‘ Tfae tvorks in ijjtheweek- tb!. v ha l e P r °S r essed satisfactorily . No. 4 shaft having been sunk feeders hwe de Pth from lower plat, 35 K at No. 2 .b .f? ac ? e Pted for erecting engine when the t \" duc 5 '/H he completed in iMi-Soor Co mn . nb ,at° r s will commence work. dwt. The t,?r~T le d °f B°' d £or the week, jj^dhtaa M anr) h’aueh reef drive is in the re- 4 progress? 30 commenced - reel f »ll C ow?lN ! 0 Ka P o jeonB_The yield for the lu >-3,350z8dwr 2 13002 2 dwt J Tr »- ha been w ’ -I 1 ’ 65 0210 dwt - The sn«f 60 me? 'n on tr “ b ute to Edward Hayes 29th ink 1 commence work on Soldun ye l h Percentage is 15 on the C-' 0 ” 2 Per m P h er 30 P er e?nt. on n ;i tn^utors provide all i-;/® 1116 - The wor’kinn ? ease > c -» &c.;, for work l*t/?Ebcoaneoted tli 38 N° 3 -1 and 2 shafts M Ugh the dm tance to the No. 9 t -^rL„J hal i anticipated. 9 f Ho l«Co^an v v u/ eport8 ’ 27th Jul y~ 9 404 ol Tl n d° rthe We ? k > - 166 02 1 Wi at o lenders are mvited for. 9 t=wl"The wab. • 2 shaft. Duke and Timor 9 d “ ° ubo f‘he main shaft. The 9 Only one tender 9 Thf dL^ VUIg en received > ft 9 tbe PronosihV, < i lQr3 m submit to the 9 li h& Sa “ iea 4 bf>n t “ erect as large a hori -9 If - Cever P aT red 40 work a 22 « eh Wt 9 ei Pense at tb Se - eDßine haa be im -9 'vfe u °P shrit ,-r J ““t 6 wiU he stopped as I 163 oz. There was a. stoppage for cleaning boilirs. Alma Consols Company—‘The drive from No. 2 shaft is going on well, and will soon be in washdirt. Sea ham Company—Yield for the week, 225 oz. Very rich ground is being worked at the north end of the mine. Gladstone Company—Yield for the fortnight' 223 oz. Dividend, Is (£300). A second boiler is be ing put up. Queen Company—Yield for the week, 112 oz; for the fortnight, 223 oz. No change to re port. Coqnt Bismarck Company—The main drive.is in 515 feet, about 40 feet past the first shaft. The large engine, and-pumps were started on Thursday, and worked very .well. Bores will be put up at once to tap the water.” .. ... • ; . New Red Streak Company—Arrangements are now being made to place a plunger in the shaft and sink a further depth of 100 feet. 'The appearance of the mine generally is much the same as for some months past, no change in' the stone being observed. New Homeward Bound Company—The sinking,of No. 1 shaft is still continued by wages, 5 feet having been sunk during the last three days. Tenders have been received for working a portion of the claim on tribute, wMch are now under consideration, and will be dealt with during the present week. New Isis Company—Crushed 100 tons quartz; 169 oz 4 dwt 12 gr gold. New Britannia Company, Carngham—Mining mana-' ger reports:— 1 Battery at work; stone looking about the same. 'The prospecting shaft on the Britannia is. down 50 feet; drive opened and lode struck; com> mencing to cut through.” . Newington and Pleasant Creek Company—The contractors for sinking the main shaft to a depth of 770 feet from the surface completed their contract on Wednesday night, and are now engaged on wages; have Bkidded the shaft to the bottom; commenced to cut chamber, wMch will probably be completed next week. Tenders for sinking another hundred feet have been invited. The lode in the south drive at the 660- feet level continues 2J feet thick, with a little gold visible throughout. Stone is being raised from the stopes above this level, where that lode is from 2 to 3 feet tMck, and during the last •few days hasimproved somewhat in quality. The tributors above the 560- feet level have about 100 tons of quartz on the sur face; those above the-460-feet level commenced work on Monday last. Cook-and party, tributors at the shallow ground near No. 1, have about 70 tons broken, and commenced crusMng at the company’s mill to day. The Little Newington Company commenced pumping at our No. 1 shaft on Monday last and rapidly lowered the water, but the clacks of the lift failed yesterday before the water was down sufficiently low to enable them to be changed. They are now preparing to bale with tanks. No. 1 South Quartz Company, Daylesford—Mine manager reports, 26th July:—“Machinery Shaft— Contractors for cro3s-cut (300 feet) are getting on much better this week, having, driven 134 feet for the week, making cross-cut 414 feet from shaft. The country gone through during greater part of the week has been slate, which accounts for the better .progress made. Whim Shaft—Parsons and party have got their rise through to the upper or 100-feet level, and are stoping north and south at that level—no change at present.;, also'working stone, west cross- cut, 140-feet level. Their last trial crushing poor (5 oz gold), but expect to strike good stone soon.” New South Wales.—The Qxdgong Guardian reports: “ The escort which left on Thursday conveyed 4626 oz of gold as the produce of the gold-field for the pre vious fortnight, making the four weeks’ yield 11,850 oz —nearly ten hundred pounds weight of gold, or twice as much as Krohman's ‘ monster cake’—equal to almost any gold-field in Australia. The amount would have been another thousand ounces larger if a large lot washed had been cleaned in time.” Prince of Wales Company, Sebastopol—Yield, 178 oz 19 dwt smelted gold. The Bonshaw gutter con tinues same as before. The westei n new run of reef wash is improving; two more machines tried yielded 15 oz 3 dwt. The Britannia run also looks well, and is likely to improve. No change north of the shaft. Park Company—Yield of gold for the week under tribute, 90 oz 1 dwt. Parker’s Extended'Company—Cleaned up the bat tery on Saturday, morning after 10 days’ crusMng. The yield is 55 oz 15 dwt of gold from 160 tons. The directors visiting the mine report:—“There is every prospect of a long continuance of work. The reef is in some places 6 to 7 feet wide; * all of which goes to the battery. The north and south stopes are being well upened out, and the southern driv6 at this level continued. Crushing is resumed to- day.” Queen Victoria Company, Canadian—Yield of re torted gold for the fortnight, 118 oz. Reform Company, Haddon—Yield of gold for the week, No. 1 shaft, 50 oz 9 dwt; No. 2 shaft, 39 oz. Sandhurst.—Saturday’s Advertiser reports: —“ Yes terday’s transactions were almost confined to Extended Hustler’s Tribute No. 1, Railway Reserve, Lazarus No. 1, and one or two other stocks. As was the case* also on the previous day, so it was'yesterday with the ‘ pups,’ which were tossed about at all .prices, com mencing with sales at 435, rising to 495, and again falling to 435, and rising again, to 475, the latest closing quota tions being, buyers 475, sellers 47s 6d." The Inde pendent says:—“ There was no very great amount of business. • The Great ‘ Pupa’ were firmer, going to 46s 3d, and coming back to. 455, firming after the meeting to 47s 6d. Our Sydney telegram quotes the stock at 555\. The directors have wisely determined to send two practical miners and a surveyor down the claim to re port ontheworkings and future prospects of the claim." Saturday night’s Herald reports:—“ Great Extended Hustler’s Tribute, 50s 6d, 51s 9d, 525, 52s 3d, 51s 6d; New Chum and Belle Vue Railway Reserve, 35a 9d; Shenandoah Tribute, 8s 3d. Gold returns reported to 2.30 p.m. —Baird’s British Company, 52 oz 8 dwt; Perseverance Company, Ruahworth, 67 oz 10 dwt; Perfect Cure Company, 13 oz 4 dwt; Bagshot Deep Lead, 46 ozll dwt; Telegraph Company, 228 oz4dwt; Johnson’s Reef Company, 34 oa 17 dwt; Collmann and Tacchi Company, 43 oz;13 dwt; Endeavor Company, 16 oz 19 dwt; Golden Fleece Company, 224 oz 10 dwt; Do Tribute, No. 1, 9 oz 10 dwt; Do. No. 2, 63 oz 13 dwt; Nil Desperandum Company, Raywood, 82 oz 16 dwt.. Amalgam report—Echuca Tribute Company, 92 oz; Shenandoah Tribute, 80 oz; Royal Standard Company, 56 oz 15 dwt.” St. George and Band Company—Week’s returns: — No. 2 shaft; 22 oz 8 dwt; No. 3 shaft, 90 oz 19 dwt; total, 113 oz 7 dwt. Sultan Company, Blackwood—Mining manager re ports that from the face of western cross-cut No. 1 shaft, 400-feet level, water is flowing very freely and with great force, it has obliged him to increase the Bpeed of the pumping engine, with 10-inch pumps attached, about 14 to 2 strokes per minute. Small quartz veinß are also met with, dipping to the east, like droppers from a lode. At No. 2 shaft the lode in the north lower level is showing gold, freely and increasing in size; the last crushing of 100 tons from tMs lode yielded 50 oz. The battery is at present idle, it hav ing been found necessary to put ,anew tube in the boiler; all the other macMnery is in excellent order. Smythesdale.—The New Stanley Company’s tribu tors took charge of the mine last week, but' no wash ing of any consequence has yet taken place. More men are to be put on this week. The British Banner Company, from seven sets of timber washed 5 oz 0 dwt 18 gr of coarse gold; the dirt in the face is look ing very welL The .Golden Lake Company obtained 102 oz for the first four days of the week; further par ticulars are not to hand. The Galatea Company’s tributors obtained 95 oz 10 dwt 18 gr; a dividend of ' 5s per share has been declared, payable on Ist August. The Golden Stream Company obtained 118 oz. At No. 3 shaft 6 feet 6 inches was sunk during the week. The United Leads Company’s tributors appear to be gradually progressing towards good returns. On Saturday morning the manager reported that two machines had been washed, yielding 9 oz 11 dwt; since then he stated that other two macMnes had in the interim been washed, yielding 14 oz 14 dwt; making a total of 24 oz 5 dwt. The. gold is a good sample, and the prospects are very encouraging. The Try Again Company obtained 38 oz. The Scarsdale Company is in about 115 feet with the drive. The Bute Company, is just getting into working order again after over hauling the pumps, &c.; the return was 11 oz. The Scarsdale Sluicing Company obtained 14 oz for three weeks’ work; the party-is small, and this return would pay well. The Young Australian Company is' down 61 feet with the shaft. The Royal Mint Com pany is down about 50 feet with the shaft. The Re vival Company’s ground is improving, and it was ex pected that the week’s return would be about 9 or 10 oz. The. Eldorado Company obtained 13 oz; a day and a half were loßt in cleaning the boiler and overhauling the pumping engine. The jump-up from the lower level mil he Btarted. to-day, and when that is finished an improvement in the yields may be looked for. The Golden Gate Company has not yet com menced the re-erection of its machinery. In consequence of pressure of business with, mining meetings on Friday, the Main Lead Consols. Company, wMch was to have held its meeting that day at Lavery’s Golden Stream hotel, Newtown, adjourned the meeting till Wednesday. At Linton, the Anderson Freehold Company is down 144 feet with the shaft. There is no change in the rock; In the latter part of the week the contractors were engaged in slabbing-up. At Haddon, the Trunk Lead Company made Blow progress during the past week, owing to a very soft broken-up place in the reef re quiring close face-boards; 30 feet has been driven, making total distance from shaft 172 feet. The face of the drive'is now in firmer reef, and the manager is in hopes of making better progress this week. United Albion and Prince of Wales Company, Sebastopol—Considerable delay took place last week, through having to clean two .of the boilers and making channel. Tne other boiler will be cleaned this week. No. 4 jump-up—Frame drives are only being carried on. No blocking has been Hone for the week. Faces looking much the same; no change to report. Winter’s Freehold—There. is no special change in the mine since the last weekly report.’ ' The applica tion of the Hand and Band Company to inspect our northern works came on before his Honor Judge Moles-. worth last Thursday, and after considerable arguments the motion was refused with costs. In a report issued by' the directors of the Hand and Band Company, there is a-paragraph stating “ That they have applied for permission to survey and take levels of._the. Winters, and deeply regret the refusal which seems to confirm the report of an encroachment, &c.;” There is a startling contrast between this statement and an opinion expressed by Judge Molesworth when deliver 'ing Ms decision, “This, case suggests a vehement suspicion that the bill has been filed for an indirect object." Comment is unnecessary. A draft for £425 has been received from the English agent by this mail. Yield on Saturday, 30 oz 3 dwt; total for the week, 152 oz 8 dwt. Buninyong Estate Company—The manager reports that 102 feet of water has been pumped out of shaft. The water at present standing at. 212 feet from sur face; All the machinery is working well. Black Hill South Quartz Company—Sinking- the ’shaft has been continued during the week, and very excellent progress has been made with the work. A large body of stone has been passed through in sinking, tfrid gold has been frequently Beeu in it. Contractors are making good headway with the erection of battery, &c.; ' City of Ballarat Company—-Slower progress has been made than was expected during the past week, - on account of wet weather. The contractors have .been bußy fixing skeleton shaft; if the weather keeps -fine they will be ready to lower pumps about Wednesday. City of Canterbury Company—Under date,. 27th July, tbe manager says:—“Since my last report the drive has been.extended 25 feet, and has just broken through the reef, in the back. In about 6or 8 feet I think I shall be fairly into- washdirt. : The wet weather has somewhat delayed the contractors in building-in the boiler, but they will finish in the early part of next week.” - Devonshire Company, Buninyong Estate—No. 1 phaft has been sunk to a depth of 49 feet;.a drift is at pre sent being passed through'. . - , Freehold' United Quartz Company—The mining manager reports:'—“No. T tribute are raising stone as usual with no apparent change in either quantity or quality. They had to clean out 4 heads yesterday, in consequence of their not having sufficient stone to keep the 8 heads going. No. 2 tribute have risen up 18 feet in the new rise, and have commenced to break out stone from the old stopes on west side of mala drive; they anticipate to start crushing next week. The east drive is in 20 feet, showing small leaders in the face. No; 3 tribute, have commenced to take out stone 20 feet to the north of the face of No. 1 party, where it averages in tMckness 4 feet, with gold seen occasionally. They have also commenced anew stope in the back of their main drive, and further west than any stone has been worked before, with fairish prospects of loose gold. Crushing will start on Mon day next. No. 4 tribute are still driving to the east, having hard country in the face; they are also still sinking the new shaft, and down 15 feet” Hero Quartz Company,. Little Bendigo—Owing to the inclemency of the weather,. tlie; contractor is not making such good progress with , the erection of the macMnery as I could wish, but yet he is confident of having the work completed before the expiration of the specified time. - ■■'■■■ Haddon Consols Company—6 feet have been sunk in a conglomerate country of gravel and rock. Total depth of shaft,-76 feet. ‘ X. ' Haddon Great Extended Company—The manager reports that the contractors have bored 10 feet during the week, making. total depth of bore 162 feet; the rook still continues very hard. Haddon Grand Junction Company—The bore struck second rock at 121 feet, and is now in very hard blue stone at a depth of 125 feet. Magdala Quartz Company, Pleasant Creek—The shaft is n0w.956 feet, making 74 feet sunk for the week. Very favorable indications are still met with in sinking. The last Bink put down showed the country composed of about equal parts of quartz and slate, with greasy faces, and thickly impregnated with mundic. Morey Freehold Company, Linton—Shaft dowu 176 feetl Slabbing up and erection of. whin finished. Sinking was resumed on Wednesday last. ; Morning Star Quartz. Company, Blakeville—The depCh of shaft, aB reported on the 25th instant, was 42 f§et 7 inches. A nice looking leader was passed at this’level, dipping west.. North Dividend Quartz Company, Stieglitz—The water has been got out and the contractors started work in the face on Saturday last, so that important news may be expected in a few days. ; Shareholders are reminded that the quarterly meeting will be held on Tuesday next. . Norman Q;uartz Company, Little Bendigo—No. 3 shaft has been cleaned, and a drive at a lower level has been started to prove the rich leader met with at the'upper level. Tenders for a small crushing plant .are to be invited, for consideration at next meeting of shareholders. North Park Company—The plant purchased for the No. 3 shaft from the Grenville Company consists of one 20-inch cylinder engine, one 16-inch, two boilers with mountings and connections, 300 feet of 15-inch pipes with plunger and drawlift complete, poppet-legs, trucks, cages, rails, tanks, smith’s tools, &c.;, &c.; Ten ders are invited by advertisement in another column for raising the pumps, rails, &c.; Shareholders are in formed that no call will be'made for this purchase. Prince Patrick Company—The mining manager re ports:—“'The greater portion of the work connected with the putting in of pumps, &c.;, is now nearly completed, and he expects to start pumping in the course of next week. The slide and wind bore have been delivered on the claim, and are approved of." Pioneer Deep Sinking Company, WMte Horse Ranges—The tender of Mr Carton has been accepted to sink'another 100 feet of their shaft. Princess Louise Company, Napoleon—The manager reports that a bore put up on Friday last broke through into wash at 21 feet 6 inches, proving a dip of 9 feet in 20; from the washdirt taken from the bore a splendid prospect of gold was obtained.. It has been decided to drive on about 20 feet further before put ting up-a rise. It has also been decided to inspect Borne machinery lying in the vicinity of the claim, with a view to purchase, as it is to erect machinery forthwith. - Racecourse Company—The manager reports—“ The main drives have been continued during the week, the driving being, through splendid looking reef full of quartz veins, from 6 inch to 18 inch in thickness, and from wMch the water comes freely. A jump up has been started and is up 7 feet.” Saints Company—The jump-up has been carried up to the hard bar wMch impeded the progress of the bore, as reported last Monday. A drive has been started therefrom, 70 feet above the main level, and will be pushed on as fast as possible for the deep ground proved on our boundary by the No. 4 Con sols. Owing to the softness of the reef this will not take long to complete. The main drive is in 115 feet beyond the jump-up Sovereign Company—Sinking still good. Sunk 12 feet last week; depth of shaft 628 • feet. Quartz con tinues about* the same in shaft. The directors have purchased a pumping plant from theßank of Victoria, which will be removed and erected at once. South Learmonth Company—The works committee visited the claim the early part of last week, and after careful examination of the works decided to put in crosscut drives from the 161-feet level, all appearances being favorable to the existence of payable stone in the neighborhood. Sultana Company, Blackwood—No. 1 contractor’s shaft down 63 feet; struck leader 9 inch wide, carry ing gold at 60 feet. No. 2, nothing fresh to report; raising stone. No. 3, opened out ehaft’ at 115 feet, struck lode at 2 feet, now raisiugstone. South Scotchman's mining manager' reports on the 26th inst.:—“ The ground in the drive still’continues good. We passed through some quartz yesterday, and to-day we have bored into easier ground. The indications for reef are still good. The length of drive is now 196 feet.” . Smythesdale Sluicing Company—The manager re ports that he, in company with one of the directors, visited'the claim on Tuesday last, and found that the whole of the works were being satisfactorily carried on under the supervision of the mining manager, Mr Bray. Sluicing will be carried on continuously dur ing the present week, and the cleaning up will take place the .following week.' A satisfactory result is anticipated. -- - , . - South Temperance Company—The manager reports ■ —“Baling .was commenced last Tuesday, and on Saturday the water was down 3 feet below the cap piece of . main drive, being 285 feet from surface. Machinery working well, and the shaft in good order." Vineyard Company, Hepburn—Driving the cross cut has been for the present discontinued, the mine manager being engaged erecting a puddling. macMne for the purpose of washing the surface taken off the outcrop of reef some time since. Wallaby Quartz Company, Growler’s Creek—-The ground continues hard in C tunnel. The quartz raised will be put through the battery this week. Shareholders are reminded that the sale of shares forfeited for the 11th call of Is per share due 3rd June, has.been postponed till to-morrow (Tuesday). Meetings this day—Grand Trunk Lead, Provincial hotel, 4 p.m.; Hand and Band, Unicorn hotel, 4 p.m.; New North Clones, ordinary 7.45 p.m., special 8.30 p.m., at Mechanics’ Institute; Reform, Craig’s hotel, 7 p.m. " - ' The fine greyhound dog imported by_Mr W. Pitt, of the Royal Cafl, Melbourne, in the s.s. Somersetshire, was viewed on Friday by a large number of coursing men; by whom ; he was greatly admired. His appear ance indicates great speed, and his breeding is quite equal to his good; looks, , being by Cauld Kml, out of Bab at the Bo wafer. The. slut is equally handsome and well bred. Tlie .sum of ten guineas each has readily been offered for the first litter of puppies. 