THE CUP DAY-NOVEMBER 7. Tho night before, tho Cup, tho great race of tho year, ia always a very eventful one, mid consequently the various sporting houses are always crowded.with the layers nnd¡takers ot'tho odds. This timo there was no exception to the mle. andnboutlOoclcok it wasn very dlilloultmattor to got past tile Bull and Mouth, Garrlok's Head, the Albion, and the various Bporting cigar shops, wh«ro prominent olinraoterletio, a week or so ago, was " tho list" which usually adorned the window. Tho new Betting Act, which lias lately enme into force, has entirely put down tills «orr. or tiling, and by tho way. In my previous communication I had forgotten to moH tlon that, notwithstanding tho stringency of tho Act, the listinon" mustered us strong ns over on "tho hill,' apparent^' with Impunity, but they were ali stimrroiied on Tuesday, at tho city pollco court, and as lt would «ot snit them to get convicted boforo tho Cup was decided, they managed toiget tho various cases postponed for a week. Títere was very little betting to roport on the eve of tho Cup day; hut consentient on her running In tho Melbourno Stakes Contcssa wns made a strong favourite at 4 to I ; The Ace, who had been doing good work daring tho week, was also greatly fancied, while Dag- worth had also partly retrieved lils position. Owing to. tho manner in willoh Quack was beaten for the Essendon Stakes, his friends were greatly nfraid that his chanco was anything but a good ono, but some good judges, conspicu- ous among whom wera Mr. Tait, were quito satis fled about lils Saturday's running, mid were more certain than ever that . tho horse would rim a remarkably good raco tn tho Cup. After results proved tills opinion to bo a correct one, mid the moro I seo or racing tho firmer my opinion ls that, a« a "good judgo," Mr. Tait, ni- as he is justly railed," Honest John," lias few equals tills side of tho lino. But, In writing t ims about tho result ol tho Oup, I am putting tho cart before tho horse, and I shall hark baok by saying that tho morning of Thursday broke glori- ously fine, and everything betokened that tho Cup dav would indeed bo a grand one. From an onrly hour In tho morning thousand« of visitors began to arrive from tho country, and about starting limo tho main streets presented moro tho appearance of a *' Paddy's Market" rather than Unit of tho streets ot a largeolty. I need hardly say I misson tho familiar cry or "Randwick, Randwick, raocs, races-,' but this was moro of a bcnollt than a los3 ; mid ns regards convoy- ing peoplo to tho races, the Melbourne system can honestly bo termed perfeot. By booking at an oHlce in townj the pas- sengers are conveyed "In cars to tho train, and from tnenco aro lauded right on to the course, without experiencing any trouble, which I ticed hardly say ls a vast and wonderful Improvement upon tho system in vogneat Randwick. At tho raliway station thcrn was every sign or thc attendance being an Immonso ono. Each train was talrly.rushed, und as tiley started uvcry five minutes, it can easily bo Imagined that In a couple or hours sonio thousands of people must have been conveyed to tho course. It ls exactly (Ivo years ago since Iliad the honour ot representing Heir* Life in Sydney nt tho Cup mooting, and I thought tlmt »ho 20,000 people who then uaw tho Cup run would hardly bo Improved upon ; but I was naver " Wizard "enough to foresee that In (Ivo yonrs tlrnpthla largo attendance would bo lalrly doubled. Tho attendance was moro than immemc, lt was actually marvellous, and my readers who havo nover been fortunato enough to see ft Mel- bourne Cup decided cnn easily Imagino tho pleasing sight tim lawn and stand presented, when I tell thom that thora were " fair women" present who could bo niimbcrod by thousands, dressed in tho lntcst and gayest fashions. Overhead, on " Ino Hill,"there were thousands of "bravo men" pnoknd ns o!oso as sardines, while tho many thousands on tho Hat. helped to swell a total which must havorcaohod the satisfactory.number of 45#00. Defore tho llrst rneo starlod a hot wind set In, which somewhat'Interfered with tho success nf tho day, hut tho ticing, good starting, mid general management coull ¡lot be Improved upon, and I conoonsistently say that every thing went off ns "morry as a marrlago bell." Tho bull oponed wlth-tho Maldon Plato, which proved to bo an easy victory for King of Clubs, but he would not have altogether bad lt all his own way bad tho good looking Beeret been as flt «« I should Uko to havo seen him. When lt was seen that Loup Baron wusumong tho nevon starters In tho Ituilwoy Stakes, inned hirdly say that ho wai mado un immense lavoiirlto, 31 to 1 being freely laid nu him, Pyrrhus and Hine roter cut out tho work from the jump, whUo Loup Oiirau was never nearer tim" third, ft position which lie oeenpicd at tho finish, some flftoen lengths lu tho rear of Blue Peter, who easily disposed of Pyrrhus coming up the straight, and won by three lengths. leonid not under- stand Loup's running as ho wa» only giving tho winner seven pounds mid after their runningnttho into Itawlwlek meotliig. I was notuallv thunder struck to seo BIuo Peter give bim a good stone beating. This brought us down to tho Cup, lor which twenty-two numbers were placed on tho - telegraph board ! Hamlet, Pyrrhus, and Kingfisher Iielng the only three wtwwero scratched slnco tho lait uocoptance day, As tho varions migs took their preliminary canters tho excitement was Intense, oaoh lloma being closely ? ?oannod hy Ulah admirers.' Of course Dagworth was tho first I paid niv devoirs to, and I felt «.Hito satisfied «-at his Saturday's smelling had dono him a deal or good: 1 clo not pretend to know moro than most people about training, bntloould rtislly «ce that tho boree was not (lt ¡ he appeared «hort, of work,us If ho wanted, two or. threo good sound gallops. Mr, Tatt s nurses hntb armoured to bo "pink" whllo tho Aco mid Irish Khig ÄdrKrk^ I was quito please l wi«,.tho Acb, andlbellevothatho will turn out to be tho best weight-fin nco horse In tho land. It would take up too tuned time and space to desorillo tho nngs In nxtonso, mon. especially as thoKnngatlra, steamer, leaves for Sydney tn.nlglit(Tlinr«.lny\ and l Blmllcoiitentmysoir with saying that tho condition ., . tho horses was generally welty good. They-were, started on pretty ovenMcrms. Benjoroo. Valentino, mid Count occupy- ing tho "front position« for tho first three-quarters of anillo KW oftho Hing being tim actual InBt), after which time Ace, Quack,and Patriarch took Valentino and Count's positions. Mr? traTI colt entered tho straight with a slight load «r Quack and Aco, Bnrbello being next! but whonfiilrly landed In the straight. Qnaok went to tho front, was noyer afterwards headed, and won very easily by threo lanirthi. Dagwortli came «ko a racehorse In th« strXhi, PM**!' Barbcllo Inside th distance, and waa only beaten by n head for second place. On Wednesday evening, the steward« met to onnslder tho protest? against Coulissa, and dismissed t upon Uio Sronnds thnt tho Act of tho committee I» en- dowing Sydney disqualification, wa« Illegal, with- out n special general «ueeting of tho dub had been convened to consider aiiçh clause. After tho Omi excitement tito Uur.no Itac» dis somewhat (Int. nnrt aftw a »orv Interesting raoo, Uio favourite, .Polka, pulled her bickersr^52iVb»t Ö"> rcsultralght bato boan different Juul .-. ,. , ? ts rr,. . i .. ., j, i /. . . > » Gaffer Grey not'«tumbled nt tile lost hurdle butene. The Darling S take«, fer which Warrior waa a great favourite, waa tho lott event of tho day. and ho qnlte juatlned «io confidence of his (rinds, winning very easily by any distance. Klnnlgan second, and Plantcrtlilrd. Tho following aro the partlniilursi- , ,..-" i Malden Plate.-A sweepstakes of li «ova each, with 180 nov» 1 added. Por 3 yrs old, 7»t: 4 yrs, list: (¡yrs, Ost sib: 6 yrs i und need, (1st 101b. Ono milo and a half. ' ? Mr.E;jollett'sclioKingofCiub5,3yrs.7st(Jcllett) ... 1 E. Leo's b c The 8ecret, 3 yrs, 7st (Bryant) ... ... * J. P. Wilson's bf Sunshine, tlyrs. 7st (W. Wilson) ... 0 G. Llviugtono's bo Ringleader,3 yrs . _. T. Henry'« br f Thu Quoou (lata Queen of Clubs), 3 yrs (Lynch.) . ' lt. J. Hunter's ch c Xiotltair, 4 yrs (Bwales) E. Do Mestre's b c Horatio, 3 yrs (M. Thompson) . : . 8, Wuldock's ch f Sunrise, 3 yrs (Chalker) . 1\ .T. Ryan's oh m Adelina, 4 yrs (Hales) F. for.er'8bgTeIograpli3yrs(8.DavlB) . Betting! 2 to 1 v. Sunshine. 4 to 1 v. Seorot, 0 to 1 Horatio. After a oouplo of breaks away, in willoh Ringleader was tho most prominent ofTendur, tho starter despatched them on very oven terms. King of Clubs and Rlnpicador being tho first to show In advance. th« «tilers being nil Ina duster, save Secret and SunBlilno, who did not oeoupy very good positions. As thov rounded the river turn, thu two leaders were running nock and ncok, Lothalr tliird, about a length behind, the others still hoing togother. No material altomtlou courred until after passing tho Rallway-brdgo, when King of Clubs and Rlngloider increased their lead ; but Sunshine and Secret now began to improve their positions, none of-tho others apparently having thc ghost of a chunco. Tho Queen beluga very had last. I'ussiug tho abattoirs Sunshine and Secret bf gan to close on tho leadciv, and os they entered the straight, thu four wera all together, tile rest of the field, nt the head of whom was Horatio, being three or four lengths in tho rear of Secret, A good roco took pince np the straight, between tho leaders, and inside tho distant» Beeret made a great oflbrt and got to thu head of the leiidcr, but thc advantage was only momentary, and she died away. King of Clubs winning very cloverly t>3' a longth, Sunshinethird, about tho same distance in tho rear of the second horse ; Horatio fourth. Time, 2mln 40seo. Hallway Slakes, a sweepstakes of S nov« coon, with 1QO sovs added; for 3 yrs old, "st 31b ; «yrs, Ost¡ o yrs. Put 71b; 6 yrs und aged. Pst Dib. Winner of Buy moe of tu« valus of 100 sovs tn carry 71b extra : of tiro or moro suob races, 141b extra, líinilu. . Sir. P. lewis' b o Blue Peter, by Kingston-Bine Boll, 3 yri, 7st31b (Including 71n penult}') (Mntthewson) 1 J. Tait's bli Pyrrhus, by Now Warrior-Keda.Gyrs, Dst 71 u. (J. Ashworth) ... ... ... 3 W. Winch's bro Loup Garon, hy Lord of Linne- Hobo 3 yrs. Sst 31b (Including 141b penalty), (Brown) ... 3 H. Phillip's b f Missies Daughter. 3 yrs, 7Bt 31b (Day) lt. Lane's b o Pertobo,*Syrs. 7st Sib ( W. Anderson.) Dottingi 3 to 1 on Loup Oarou, 3 to 1 v. Blue Peter, 3 to 1 Pyrrhus. A good start was affected, Pyrrhus being tho first to show In advance, followed by Blue Potor, Pertobe, Loup Garnu, and Missies Daughter, lu the order named. Passing tho bridge Pyrrhus Ind by hulfa length, Pertobo third, and Loup Oarou about three lengths behind tho latter, Missies Daughter any distance in the rear, and already out of lt. They ran In tho sumo order until passing the training sheds, where Loup closed on tho lenders, anil Pertrobo fell buok beaten, but the great "Wolf" was never ablo to catch tho leaders, and as thoy entered the straight. Dino Peter was lu front, Loup Garon third, about a length behind tho second horse As they carno up tho straight the " maroon and gold" wus In front, and remained In that position to tho finish, Blue Peter winning very easily by three lengths, Loup Garon, who was not persevered with, third, ubout fifteen lengths behind tho winner, Pertobe fourth, and Missies Daughter fifth. Time, I'mln ISseo. Melbourne Cup. a sweepstakes of SO sovs each, 10 ft, or G If declared, with 300 added. The winner of any handicap race of tile vuluo of aoo sovs after the declaration of tile weights, to ' oarry 61b extra ¡ of two or mora such races, 61b extra; of any such race of the value of 100 sovs ¡llb extra; of two or mora such races, 61b extra. Tho second horso to receive SO sovs, and tho third to »ave his stnko. Two mllra. Mr. J. Tait's bh The Quack, by Peter Wilkins-Quick- step, 0 yrs, 7st lalb (Including 31b penalty) (W. Enderson) ... .. ... ... 1 T. J. Ryan's b c Tho Ace, by Aco of Clubs, 4 yrs. Sst 01b (Hales) ... .,. ... .2 lt. Bloomfield's b ll Dogworth, by Yattendon-Nntcut, . t; 4 yrs, 7s 121b (l»altidlng Sib penalty), (Donnelly) , 8 E. Leo's ch m Barbolle, aged, 8st 71b(J. Kean) A. Chlrhsldo's bgThe Baron, aged, 8st Uh P. J. Keighran's ns b g Valentine, aged, 8st 1lb J. J. Miller's ch li Irish Klug, 4 yrs. Sst J. Tait's ch h The Count, 6 yrs. Sst 41b (luoludlng 31b ponaltv). (Lewl«) A. Saqui's br h Misty Morn, ft yrs. Int 01b (Hough) B. Moran's b h Emblem, fi yrs, 7st Dib (Corrigan) A, Chlrnsldo'a b ni Gironde, 4 yrs, 7st 71b (Rowel It. Whitehead's b li Boatman, aged, 7st 41b (Rees) W. Plísate'» bl m Conreas», 4 yrs, 7st 3Ib(Sherriiighuin) J. Coldlmm's b li Early Morn, 4 yrs, "at 41b (including Sib penalty), (J. wilson) . - . J. Thompson's 'ii'o Kine of tito RInr, 3 yrs, 6st lälb (W. Wilson) * . ... . J. Evans' ur h Planter, 6 yrs, fist 101b (Grnbb) W. Filgate's b f Dolphin, 4 yrs, «st 81b (Chalker) A. Chlrnslde's br (.Shannon, 4 yrs, Sst 41b (Ñowlan) O. S. King's b o Bon) I roo, 4 yrs, (1st 4lb . E. Leo's b c I'ntriarch, 3 yrs, 6st (Craoknell) ' J. M'l'arlnud's b h Atlielstano.fi yrs. Sst 71b (Robinson) ? A. Anderson's ch g Movlco (late Alfred), aged. Sst 71b ! (Bwlnnlo) Rotting i 4 to 1 -eaoh v Contessa and Tho Ace, fi to 1 v Dag- worth, 6 to 1 v Tho Qnnok, 7 to 1 v King of the Ring, 10 to 1 etch v Dolphin and Houtman, lei to 1 each v Borbelto and Vnllentlne, and 100 to » v any other. This Is a very difficult rnco to describe, owing to tho clouds of dust that ovcry now and again swept over tito oourse, but after some delay nt tho post, owing to the fractiousness of Contessa, a capital start was oflectod. The colours of Ben jiroo Vulcutino and Tile Count, were the most prominent in tho van. King of ha Ring boin« Inst. Thoy passed the stand In> that order, and rounded the river turn, where Misty Morn, Patriarch, and the Quack were their Immediate followers, but Tho Aca and Barbette occupied very good positions. AB they passed tho bridge Tho Count beat u retreat. The Quack running into fourth placo in walting mi Benjaroo, Valentine, and PatrUrch. These four drew right away from the others, tho Held running In two divisions. Tito Ace being In front and Dagworth itt tho centro of tho rear mic, until approaching thc Abattlors, wlicro Tho Quack and Ace were running third and fourth ; Barbolle, Misty Morn and Dagworth having Im- proved their positions. Poising tile training sheds. Patriarch gavu thc go-by to Denjlroo, who now began to feel the pace wurm, and In turn ho was passed kv Tho Quack, who, nt this stage, looked nil over a winner. The three-year-old lcd until they were fairly landed In tho straight, when Tho Quack tonk tho lead, Bctijiroothird, Ace, Barbolle, Misty Morn, and Dagworth, all lu a cluster, thu rest nowhere. Up thcstralght Tho Qnack Increased lils lead, despite the efforts of the Ace, who passed Patriarch half-way up tho straight, and the for- mer eventually won very easily by three lengths. Barbel!« carno up well, and was running third to within fifty yards or thu post, when Dagworth, who carno with a wet sall, passed her,and tho '? Metrop winner" wits only beaten by a head' for second place, Barbelle fourth. Time, 3 min. SO seas ?urdleltace.a handicap sweepitakes of 7 sovs each, h ft, with 15 sovs added. About3 Hilles. Mr. .T. Brown's b m Polka, fi yrs. lost (Walters) ... 1 P. Glenister'* g g (Jailer Grey, 0 yrs, lCst 41b (Cbll ney) ... ... ... 2 \- Bradshaw's b a Doubtful, fi yrs, lost 41b (Brien) E. Jellctt's oh g Hotspur, aged, list 71b b m.Fair Nell, «ged, list 41b lt. Orr's br g Brownie, aged, llst(Morrls) D. Robinson's b g Dread (lato Alarm, lato Potatoes), aced lOst 71b (Sullivan) 1'. lewis' br h Tomahawk, aged, lOst 71b (Enderson) \- Anchestcr's b g Tatiara, aged, lost Slh (Williams) J. Coldlinm'B b g Horizon, aged, lOst 81b (Hardy) ll. Wakloy's b ir Native, aged, lOst (Walters) J. Bodfern's br m Heather Bell, aged, lOst A. H. Bartlett's b g Bismark, aged, lost M. Tower's bl g Toticlilt, aged, Ost 101b (Origin) G. Watsou's eh g Mnmalong, aged.2st lolb (Weston) C. S. King's oh m Beeswing, uged, Dst 81b (jones) P. Pnrslow's g m Mermaid, «yr», Bst7lb (Adderley) W. E. Draklu'ebg Clodhopper, öyrs.drnwu. Betting ! 4 to 1 each v Polka und Gilder Grey. Whim thov had gone once round. Polka, Ganor Grey, Native, and Heather Bell wero ull that wore in it, und the former won very easily by four lengths. . Tho Darling Stakes, a sweepstnVcsof 6 sovs cann, with 100 added : for 3yrs old, 7st ; 4 yrs, Ost ! 6 yrs, Dst 81b ¡ 0 yrs and «ged, Ost 101b. 1} mlle. Tho wlnnertobo sold for 800 sovs. Mr. R. Sevlor's b g Warrior-by New Wurrlor- Annie Laurie, aged, Ost 71b (Ashworth) ... ... I H. Gallagher^ b g Finnigan (late Tim Finnigan), aged. Dst 71b (Gallagher) ... .. ... 3 J. Arthur's b m Foam, 0 yrs, dst Sib (Lang) ... 3 E. Jellett's li ll Planet, 0 yrs, Ost (Jollott) ',"._ J. S. Brotnlleld's oh f Ellmlnook, 8 yr«. Ost81h (S Davis) T. Ivory's b g Slr Hercules, aged, Ost 71b (T. BenHctt) Betting-3 to 1 on Warrior. 3 to 1 each v Foam nnd Blr The start was a good one. Foam leading, and Ellmlnook being next, Warrior. Slr Horotilcs, and Planet us In the order named. They mn In Indian file, about a length between them, until passing tho Abattoirs, whero Finnigan took tho lead) but, nt tho sheds. Ash worth let Wcrrlor ont, when ho nt once went to tho front, was never afterward« caught; and won, hands down, hy ten lengths; Planet third, about half that dlstunco behind the second tiorso. 