THE HAUNTED ROOM. Then the bousp, with, % part of the adjoining, bad been taken by an Kn^lishman, who was known as jjocter Mather, and vyas understood to be a very learned tnan and a writer. Mr Grover 'an'd the "rest of the neighbours believed hi'rh to be " a little cracked." He used to go about l| )C country gathering sea. weeds, rylants, and insects, but wottld >epel a|| approach to acquaintance, and repl y very rudely to any inquiry of the country people as to the us3 or purpose of bis collections. He bad a wife, with whom, it was said, he lived .m bad terms, and three sickly childieii whose presence he \n>qJd scdu-yely tolerate- The wife, and two. of the children died, and then Doctor Mather went away with the feftiaiujn» child, leaving the place to an agent lor sale. Jt was then rented for a time by some people, who, lor re&'sotis only known to themselves, would not remain their term out'; and, finally, tte had taken it, furnished as it was, for the summer. *rhis was all that Mr Grover knew v Upon hearing this simple account^ there instinctively formed in my mind an explaftation, if such it can be called, of r tiie mysterious circumstances which , *iiad Jso puzzled and disturbed, us. This Doctor Mather^—this morose and unsocial man, and unkind husband and father, as be was described to be— this solitary collector of herbs—of what deeds might he not., have tyeen guilty here in the seclusion of this lonely, old country house? "They liad all tliree diedy and my memory reverted with a shudder to the word Poison!" which I had heard uttered );y tliat mysterious Voice. Perhaps murder has been committed in this house —even in that very office room which 1 had appropriated ; and this impres- sion was deepened upon be in j* informed by Mr Grover, in answer to my inquiries, that that room had in reality "been Doctor Mather's study orlibrary, into which no one frits ever admitted ; and that he would sometimes remain in it whole days.and nights together without being interrupted, having his meals brought and deposited outside the door, in the adjoiuing gallery. The office and gallery were now carefully shunned by. us all, with the exception of Mr Waltou, who haunted it with a persistency doubtless equal to that of the ghost itself. lie \yas determined, he said, to learn all that could Be learned of this mystery, and, if possible, to thoroughly unravel it. One evening, after a rain, a fieavy sea fog set in upon the coast, and the atmosphere became all at once so damp and chilly as to render a fire indispensable to comfort. As I have said, the rooms vvere^ all large and airy, and were, moreover, carpetless and sparingly fbrnished. This was S feasant enough id warm weather, ut inexpressibly dreary in this chill an d damp spell. The two most comfortable apartments ol the house for cool weather . wereundoubtedly . the nursery and the office-room:, which were situated at opposite extremities of the long building. f So, leaving the former to the nurses and children, Mr Walton proposed that he and Emnla j'nd 1 sliould make ourselves comfortable for the evening in the hannted fooni, as lie now called it, maugre the gliusts; atid, as an inducement, promised lis a hot oyster supper. r 'ie oysters wtere to be had fresh out the water, almost at our very dpor, just for the trouble of picking them U P- Certainly the room, as Emma I rather hesitatingly eutered it, leasaot and P cheerful enough, .with its blazing pine-wood fire and tta kettle stealing bn the hearth. No one made any allusion to the ghost; Mr Walton, indeed, seemed to have forgotten the subject in the interest;.of the supper, though I—and 1 fancied Emma—felt a little nervous as we. occasionally glanced furtively round the room. Once, or twice, also, I cauglit myself instinctively looking over my shoulder towards the corner-cupboard behind me. Supper over, Mr Walton, who was a fine reader, cntertidned us with some chapiers 'from i Dickens's latest work, and w'e were soon so much interested as "to lorget everything else In the very midst of this, however, I was 'startled by feeling a faint breath of cold air upon my neck, and at the same instant saw my .s/ster's eyes lilted with a frightened glance towards the corner closet behind mo. I instinctively started rip and crossed over to the opposite side of the (ireplace. ' What is it, Louisa ?' said Emma nervously 1 saw the <lo:>r of the closet open' if'i- Walton closed his book and sat looking attentively at the cfcpboardi; And jfc was whilst we were ail thus, perfectly silent and motionless, that a sound broke the stillness—at first what seemed the jingling of. phials, and rattling of chains* &n;<i then the faint uncertain sound of muffled voices which [ had heard more than once belorjs, aft coming utimis'fcak'ably $oin the Httfe triangular closet "in -the | corner. ' Oh, Richard, do you hear V gasped Emrrta, seizing fast hdld, of her husband's arm. ]Fot- myself I came very near screaming optright. ' Hush—be quiet i' said Mr., WaUoir. And taking the lamp:, lve advanced to the cupboard, threw wide opehi r th'e door, and surveyed.it minutely.It was simply a closet built of deal boards against the naked whitewashed walls of the room. Three rickety shel vjes, unoccupied and muclfstained with ink and other liquids, were all it contained, fieiwoen 4he*lower'and middle shelves was a strip. of \ypod nailed against the wall, as, if to cover a place where, as we cduld see, the ! plaster had fallen away, and beneath j this strip could -be discqrued part of; what seemed to be a rat .hole. Be sides these, not a thing was visible in the closet. And yet, ; as I live;, while we three stood there ya^ingihto the empty closet, from its recesses came a hollow laugh, and a low, childish voice said plaintively—' Three —all dead—poisoned Emma sank down, half swooning. Even Air Walton's face, as I fancied, became a shade paler ; and tlieu weTieard the { voice again—' Bury them—grave under the magnolia.' I looked again j at my Jirother-iu-law^ and saw his I lips compress and a kind .of sdespera- j lion appear in hjs face. He advanced j close to the closet,'put'his tkead.almost I within and shouted loudly and dis-j tinctly : ' Who ava,you ? Who is it j that speaks ?' In answer . came a 1 shriek, loud and-appalling*, ringing in . our very eats. Then tlie sanie breath j of cold air swept past, followed by ! the violent shutting Of a door-'and j grating of a key in a lock. We looked j at each other aghast, but before we ! had time to utter a word, we were' again startled by a different sound— j that of children's cries, and footsteps' hurrying along the gallery to the room i in which we were. TheneXt moment the door burst open, and in rushed . Mamma Abbey, the coloured nurse, | bearing baby ih" her Arnrs. and followed by her assistant, Ohloe, dragging die ! three elder children after her—all the latter pale and terri lied, and, Freddy in particular, shrieking shrilly. / What is the matter ? What has happened?' screameid linima, forgetting, her o.vyn recent terror in alarm for her children. ' Oh, raarst'er! ohj missus !' gasped Mamnia Al^bey, piteously, her eyes rolling white in their sockets,-'a ghos'! A ghos' in the nursery!' ' A ghost V 4 Iu the corner closet in tlie nursery !' I heerd it !' we 1 all heerd it!' Mars- ter Freddy was lookin' in dat closet to" see if there was any mice in detrap what he'd set, and sure's I'se alive dis minute, marster,- somebody in dat } are closet hollered out 1 who is you ? Who dat talking dar V We all heerd it, we did. 5 Mr Walton turned round once more and looked into the closet. Then, taking the tongs from the hearth, he inserted them behind the bit of board, which I have mentioned as nailed to the wall, and wrenched it away, exposing, as lie did so, a small aperture surrounded by a small metallic ring. < L have discovered the mystery at last!' he said, with a smile; it is no ghost, but simply a speaking tube. Stay here, and when you hear the spirits, place your mouth to this and answer them. He.Jeft the room, and in a few minutes we again heard the mysterious sepulchral voice in thecloset, only lipote distinctly now since the board had been removed. 'How are you all?" I summoned courage enouoh to answer,' Much better !' "Xnd then came a loud Jaugh, ghostly, enough, certainly, to hnve caused our blood to curdle had we not been aware of the identity of the apparent ghost. And so it was all explained, and the raystery of the haunted closet cleared up. There was, as Mr Walton had said, a speaking; tube communicating between r the office-room and tke ulo_ dis- tant nursery—placed there, doubtless, by the eccentric English naturalist. Dr. Mather,/or 1MS own convenience ; and he, on leavlug 'the 'house, had simply carelessly ' boarded over the mouths of the tube, not dreaming of, or indifferent to, the consequences of this negligence. Probably it had been these very niystei-lous sounds which had driven away the last occupants ol' the house ; aud certain it is that, l)ut. for the fortunate discovery of their source, we ourselves might haye been wqnover to the ranks ot spiritualists and ghost believers. Such results have t ere now, been produced by slighter causes than these. The expla-qation qf the various sonnds heard by 'tis in the4ffice- ft>om is very-slm- pie. " The corresponding mouth of the tube- was_in. a closet in the nursery, precisely similar to that in the office. Manama Abbey stored iii this closet the varioTiS eup;^ phials, and so lortli, used . the nursery, and, to secure these Irom the. children, the closet was generally kept locked. It was* the opening and shutting of this dose^ door, with the grating of the key id the rusty lock, that had so olteu alarmed me ; and when it was .open, and a search going on ariiqng its contents for some special article" the noises thus made, and the words, spoken in .the closet could be he^rd, more or Jess distinctly, iii the office. I Also, * when the closet door was suddenly shut to, it would produce a current * of air through the tube sufficieijt to slightly open the loosely-hung door of.Uie offipe cupjjoard. Master Freddy's idea of selling a mouse-trap in the closet, baited with poisoned food, had added much to the effect of the.mystery.; , and it was little Mary's voice which had. pleaded so pathetically (or the three victims of her brother's.experiment; imploring that they might be buried under the magnolia tree. Mr Walton used to say that it is almost a pity that the secret of the tube should have been discovered, and thereby so capital a ghost story spoiled.—J 5cnbj}ei'\s Mag. 