The Storyteller. A BRAVE BOY'S BATTLE. CHAPTER XL. EDDY HOPEFUL AND DEFIANT. BY LEON LEWIS. IN a dim, dark, underground vault, beneath the basement of Hogart's saloons, into which the free air or the sunlight never penetrated, lay Eddy! Beneath him was the damp earth; around him were stone walls, dripping with moisture. There were no windows, and but a single door. That was bound with iron and barred, bolted, and chained upon the outside, as if it were the door to a den. The boy's hands bad beat upon those massive, iron-bound planks at intervals, day after day and night after night, untU his hands were battered, swollen and bleeding ; but no one had heard or heeded th* sound. He had screamed by the hour for help, untU his own ears were deafened, aad the frightened rats had hid themselves in their holes, but bis voice had not penetrated beyond those walls. Th* dungeon was literally a tomb. Once in twenty-four hours, a Uttle after mid night, Hogart had made a practice of visiting him, bringing him a meagre supply of food and water. Bo one in the house save Hogart and his man Barker knew that he was there. Had anything happened to them, compelling sudden flight, or had they been kUled in any of th* nightly brawls in tbe saloons above, the boy must inevitably have starved to death. He was lying prostrate upon the damp ground, as w* have said, without even a blanket between him and the hard, chilling earth, whan he heard a faint, muffled sound as of footsteps in the lumber vault whioh guarded the ap proach to his prison. He did not raise his hsad,'nor stir. "It must b* midnight," he murmured, " and Hogart is coming with food. This wUI make twenty-one times be has come with food. I have been- her* twenty, two days; twenty-two days and nights! Thsy seem Uke twenty-two years. I could bear it, if it wasn't for my awful anxiety about mother and Tina!" At this moment the chains and bars and bolt* •souring his door upon its outer side were un done; the door opened, and Hogart, bearing a light, entered th* dungeon. ' Yellis and Burgoyne followed bim. Tha boy's syce, so long used to the intense gloom, were unable to bear the suddsn influx of light. He raised himself upon his elbow, covering bis syes with his hands. " Com* in, gentlemen," said Hogart, with a .ooerse laugh. "The room isn't very invitin', bnt you won't mind that. There's tbe boy— the dark heap in th* corner!" Burgoyne -looked around the vault sharply. There waa no bed in it, no chair; not even a nil* of straw to lie on. It would have oompared unfavorably with a dungeon of the Inquisition. , While he wa* thus surveying th* plaoe, Yellis looked sharply at th* boy. *' Hs isn't dsad, is be ?" he exclaimed. " 80, I as* him mov*! Stir him up with yoor cane, Hogart » Ihe sound of that hated voice waa to Eddy like a shook from an electrical battery. He leaped to his test, dashed bis hands from bis eyes, and panting with a sudden breathlsssnsss, he cried out: "Ahore! Jacob Vellis here /" and with di lating eye*, he strove to make out, in the an* wonted glare, the figure of bis snemy. Burgoyne stood in tbo shadowy background, unnoticed a* yst by Eddy. Hogart was near the lad, a bright lantern upUfted ia his hand. Yellis stood in the foreground, his disguised face full of a sinister eagerness and exultation. Despite his disguise of wig and beard, despite his broad brimmed hat slouched far over his brows, Bddy knew bim. No disguise oould now con ceal from Eddy th* identity of that short, squat figure whioh he had learned to know so welL As Yellis had had no dealings with him since his capture, and as he knew w*U his venge ful hatred, Eddy was now sure that he had oome to mak* the threatened assault upon him. " Throw the light on his face, Hogart," said Vsllis. " Let's see how he bears his imprison ment." Hogart held forward the lantern, permitting its broad rays to fsll full upon tho lad's faoe. Burgoyne, standing in the shadows behind Yellis, bent forward, peering at the boy with •agar scrutiny. YeUis scanned the boy's face and figure with a siniiter delight, which soon became mixed with a keen sense of annoyance and disappointment. Eddy had changed in the three weeks during which he had been shut up in this damp, foul- I aired dungeon; during whioh he had seen no face save Hogart's, and had heard no voioe save that of his gaoler; during whioh he had been meagrely fed, bis young frame racked with rheumatic pains, his only thoughts those of the keenest anxiety and foreboding. He had suffered mentaUy and physiosily; he was thin and pale and worn; bis oheeks were hollow ; his damp garment* hung loosely upon him; and bis long fair hair clung to his neck, and was almost dripping with moisture. But cold, nor dampness, nor meagre diet, nor anguish, nor trouble had broken the lad's spirit, as his enemies had expected. He tossed bsck his fair looks from his broad white forehead, and looked at YeUis with bis brave blue eyes sst in a haughty, unflinohing glance. From the proud, pale, boyish faoe looked out the soul of a young hero. They might torture bim, they might kiU him, but they could not cow that resolute young soul. And as YeUis realised this, a sudden rage convulsed him. He could have torn the noble young face, so calm and defiant, with his hands. He longed to assault the lad with the violenoe he had himself experienced upon two separate occasions. But Burgoyne wss bis master, and had ordered that the boy should not be harmed for the present, and therefore revenge bad to give plaoe to greed. But in his soul, Yelhs swore to be revenged upon tbe lad in the near future, when other matters should have so ad justed themselves as to render suoh a proceed ing practicable. " Yon are looking at your work, Jacob YeUis," said th* boy, bitterly, as he looked down at his shrunken legs and stretched out his slender arms. " I suppose you have come to complete it ? You are here to kUI rce, or to torture me ? It is well, perhaps. Do your work quickly." " I would Uke to kill you," hissed YeUis, all his hatred of the lad rising up with renewed strength within him. "I would like to flog you-—." He took a step nearer the lad involuntarily, ourving hia fingers nervously like claws. " Stop!" said Burgoyne, in a deep, quick voice, from the shadows near the door. "Lay not a finger on the lad! His tntnre-—his hffl eren—are in my hands.'' As Bnrgoynes voice resounded through that dreary dungeon, Eddy stood for an instant as if paralysed. An utter amassment and incre dulity seemed to possess him. Then he put his hand to bis forehead, saying brokenly: "I thought I beard the vote* of a man who is thousands of mile* from here! It is a strange ' dslusion, but I thought I hoard the voice of my ! mother's persecutor and my own wont en*my, Hart Burgoyne!'' " Yon did hear it, Bddy Burns, 1* said Bur goyne, stepping forward into the light. Bddy mad* aa involuntary recoil, staring wildly at the smoothly shaven features, shadowed by the long and thick grey wig which Burgoyne had adopted. A* he met the full gas* of his enemy, he knew him. " Hart Burgoyne ben ?" breathed the boy, hollowly. "Herer "Yea, her* !" said Burgoyne, a slow, sinister smite wreathing itself about bis month. M Here, in San Francisco ; in your room. Yon look in credulous stiU. Yet it is I, and not a ghost, as possibly you fancy." Tbe truth forced iteslf npon Bddy. Th* fcam he had resolutely repressed for himself j now broke forth afresh for another. { "Mymother!" he whispered*. "My mother! j Is she dead?" Burgoyne hesitsted. He was tempted to tell ! th* boy a li* to cans* him further suffering, but he reflected that the lad was to be used by him as a lever to bend the mother to bis will, and he should have toteU Eddy the truth sooner or later. So be chose to tell it now. " 80, Eddy," he replied, blandly. " She i* not dead.'' "Bet dead? Thank God!" the boy mur mured, upraising his bin* eyes in a fervent gratitude. "Not dead! I thought ah* had died, perhaps, and you had fled. But she is not dead! Yon bey* com* ont bar* than to kill me?" " You exaggerate your importance,'' said Bur goyne, cooly. "Do yon talk to m* of killing anyone? Choose your words more oarefuUy, sir." "Mymother—is she at Dr. Bullet's asylum stiU P" breathed Bddy. "80. She set fire to tbe asylum and de stroyed the women's wing entirely. In tbe tu mult that fbUowed she fled. 'She robbed my desk of money, and set oat for California. Bhe is at this moment in this city." Th* boy* amassment wa* stupendous. He retreated to the wall, bracing himself against it. His big blue eyes stared at Bur goyne, growing larger with every instant. A glow suddenly diffused itself over the thin, wan features. "My mother in this city?" be said attest. Ah, God is good! Bh* has escaped 700, Hart Burgoyne! Perhaps she has found my tether ? Perhaps they are looking for me?" " And 'perhaps' they are not," said Burgoyne, with a sneer. "My wife—yon need not wince at that word—my wife is still under my pro tection. Bbc is in the hones and under the oar* of an able doctor, who thoroughly understands her ease, and who under takes to restore her to reason. Bhe has not seen a free minute npon Oalifornian sou. Bh* is completely in my power, as yon are." Tbe glow faded from Eddy's faoe. Bo moan or cry broke forth from hi* pal* lips, but he act bis features sternly, and his bloc, biasing eyes looked out from under bis frowning brows in an expression which stirred th* heart of Burgoyne with a vague uneasiness. Boy as Eddy was, there was a powefr in his stem gas* before which Burgoyne involuntarily quailed. " I understand," said Bddy, oahnry. " Yon adhere to your plan of forcing my mother to liv* with you! Yon intend perhaps to kfll w me-"— " Bot ao, my lad. I shall keep yon shut up, and tell your mother that yon are dying by inches in a dungeon. She would be devoid of all motherly love if she could suffer you to perish whsn on* word from herwiU save you!" Eddy comprehended the wicked plot. His generous heart swatted with horror aad indignation. "Monster!" he breathed. "I would not ac cept'a liberty bought with snch a pre*! My father Uvea. Beware! In the moment of yoor' expected triumph, justice and fearful retribution may overtake you!" Hi* passionate vote*, echoing through the gloomy vault, *ound*d in th* ears of bis enemies like a prophecy. "Be* here," said Hogart, uneasily. "lam wfllingto doanythingtooblige afriend, you know, Veins; bnt there may be truth in what the boy says. • It's a long lane as ha* no tarn.' And if retribution is a goin* to overtake yon, I don't want to be mixed up in it I'm a doin' a good fat business, and I can't risk too much. Yon understand that ? I'v* kept the boy here on condition that no murder was to b* done in my house. And the more I think about th* way things are mixed, the more I'm sorry I took the lad in. He's safe here—a* safe as in a tomb; but if the police was to get their eyes fixed on me in connection with this game of yours, why, then, away goes my business. Bow, Mr. Burgoyne, why don't you take matters in your own hands? You're rich. Why don't you get a sloop, or some other vessel—there's plenty in the bay, their captains and crews being off to the diggings—put your wife and step-son aboard, take VgUjs and a select few, and put for BaUyhack, or trainee ? Then your* safe, and we're safe." "There's something in that idea," said Bur goyne. " U Hogart's going to turn coward, there's lot* of places to bide mother and son in without going to sea," muttered Yellis. " I'm not turning coward," asserted Hogart, hotly. " But I'm not going to ruin myself for nobody. I'll be true and faithful to you, and wiU let the lad stay so long as np violence is done that can fetch me into trouble; but all the same, I'd rather you'd take bim away." " I'U think the matter over," said Burgoyne. " I wiU try to remove bim within a week. Per haps by that time bis mother may choose to be the means of bis release. I'll talk tbe matter up with her to-morrow. Meanwhile, my friend, let him occupy your ■ rooms.' You shall be wcU paid for aU your trouble." " Hogart, mollified by this reply, smiled a grim assent to the proposition that Eddy should remain for a longer period in his custody. He desired to make all he could ont of his present Uttle" speculation," as he termed the nefarious business of imprisoning the lad in this foul dungeon, and he was willing to incur a risk when their was a prospect of great gains. wHe can stay," he said. " You've wen tbe boy, Mr. Burgoyne. " Have yon anything far* ther to say to him ?" " One word," said Burgoyne. " Bddy, would yon not like to write a few hues to your mother, telling her where you ore ?" The boy flashed a defiant look at Burgoyne. " You fear she won't believe yon when you tell her I'm shut np in a dungeon V he asked, quickly. " 80, sir. I have no word to write to | my mother. I cannot teU her how lam situated. I Bhe has enough to bear already. Ii I strove to j comfort her, she would know that I am in your j power. I wiU write nothing to her." j " He's wide awake," said Hogart, admir ingly. "Keen as a steel-trap," said YeUis, with a dark smile. Burgoyne'* faoe flushed angrily. " I can make your mother behove me without any letter. If not, I may choose to render you inssnsible, and carry you into her presence," Burgoyne said, grimly. " Yon wfll get off your stflte before I'm through with you, young man. I've long had an itching to humble you. Til try it yet." "Try it," said Eddy, quietly, setting his teeth together in an expression of stem deter mination. "You may find that yon have no timid child to handle. Since I left home, Hart Burgoyne, I have grown old beyond my years. Enfeebled as I am by long confinement, I might develop a man* strength npon occasion. Even the deer wiU turn into a very tiger when brought to bay by its enemies." "We'Usee," said Burgoyne,harshly. "Til be here to see you again in a day or two. Till then you can think of your mother." He turned to depart. YeUis and Hogart foUowed him. Eddy sprang after them with a bound, and caught YeUis by th* arm. The ex-river thief turned npon him fiercely. " TeU me," said Eddy, bis stem, biasing eyee seeming to read the soul of his cowardly perse cutor, " what have you done with Tina ? Is ahe I dead?" "Don't yon wish yon knew?" asked Veins, delighting with aU his narrow soul to deal this ■tab to tbe heert-rivsn boy. " I've disposed of her. " He, ha! Bhs's where you wiU never see her again!" He hurried out, with a last gloating look at the white, anguished face of the lad. Hogart foUowed him with the lantern. Tbe door was shut, locked and chained, and the three man re turned by a private way up stairs, leaving Eddy to a renewed desolation and grist "Com* in, and hay* a game ?" asked Hogart, as his guest* arrived with him in a littl* dark passage, from which a door opened into the gambling-room. " No—thanks," said Bargoyn*. " Ysllis and I wiU go on. Wo don't dare to risk anything by showing ourselves. We'U go into tbe bar room, and so out into tbe street." Then, arm in arm, tbey sauntered away from "Hogart's" together. Cbarbb XLL TBB SBFABAXBD BBXBBBa. Warns VeUis had been so far saeeeesfal in his schemes that he landed Bddy and Tina in San Francisco as prisoners, and had spirited them away befon Gores, Captain Hudson, or Mr. Harris could pot tbe red state of tbe ease befon the officers of justice, fists, for a time, was kinder to Mn. Burn*. W* hay* seen how she escaped from Burgoyne, aad how that worthy bad considered he could secure his victim safe again, even after her escape *V»j*igh tbe window. Bnt he was mistaken for one*. Mr. Parry* action wa* prompt H* intnitirdy saw Oat the poor lady was in bad bands, and be *st th* threats of Burgoyne at defiance. Befon night be had the almost deranged lady safe on board tbe steamer Golden Gate, en route for Ban Francisoo. Bnrgoyn* blustered and threatened. Mr. Perry was quiet, and carried hi* point by tho decision of tbe captain, that "as it wa* a foreign country it would be better for aU parti** to wait until tbey reached Sen Francisco, when Uncle Bam would soon set the matter right." He could, not refuse Burgoyne a passage, how ever, so that worthy and his aatelUto again went to asa with their victim. They did more, they kept out of th* way, and tbe poor hsrasstid lady enjoyed tbe freedom of tbe deck, and dmost cam* to tbe condusion that her perse cutor had determined to leav* her Tmmosssted for th* futura. That she was mistaken was soon made mani fest; b»t leaving her to brief •ojoymant and security, we return to Gores and his friends. As soon as bis liberty wa* regained, the search of Gone for Eddy was prosecuted un remittingly for days. The polio* bent their energies to tbe task. A watch was set npon th* various places YeUis might be supposed to frequent. Detectives wen actively employed, various house* and dens of drinking and gamb- Ung wen searched. Persons whom th* police officers thought answering tbe descriptions given wen carefuUy watched—in one or two oases ar rested. But aU in vain. YeUis and th* boy had disappeared a* completely as if tbey wen buried. In this new horror, even poor Uttle Tina's fat* was almost forgotten. Gorss grew thin and haggard. He haunted the streets day and night. He ate Uttle—dept Uttle. Oat of money and out at elbows, supported by the small loans Captain Hodson and Harris w*n able to furnish him, and -fbieb. bardy paid his board, unshaven and uncombed, he wandered through the streets snd haunted th* shores of the bay mom like some demented person than Uke a sane being. Captain Hodson and Harris determined to go to the diggings, but delayed their departure, assisting in the futile search. But as th* day* won on, and no trace was discovered, they cam* to th* decision that Eddy was dead, his body sunk in the bay, and that Yelhs had fled to the ! mines. Their own funds were getting low, and it became necessary to do something to. -wplfufrh their purses. Therefore, a fortnight after Eddy's dissppearanee they sought Gores. It was about the middle of forenoon when they entered Gorse's room, but the Ohioan lay ex tended on the bed, fuUy dressed in an attitude of utter abandonment and exhaustion. He looked as if he had been crying. His eyes were swollen and bloodshot, and a red flush burned fiercely on his thin sallow cheeks. He did not arise at the entrance of bis visiton, but looked up with a gas* that expressed to the full the anguish that was eating at his heart. " You look as if you'd got your death-blow," cried Captain Hodson, himsdf worn and hag gard with grief and anxiety, and seeing for th* first time plainly the changes sorrow had made in the appearance of Eddy's friend. " I feel as if I had," said Gone, wearily. " This isn't going to do," exclaimed Harris, his bluff red face having an unwonted pallor of late. "You're just killing yourself, Gores. The captain and I have com* round to mak* you a proposition." "Wdl?" Harris hesitated, bat the captain mad* ham a gesture to continue. "You see," said the mate, m*ewte*mbarras** ment," we'ro short of mouey--fegalar hard up, in mot All the crew went to the diggings two weeks ago—the day after after we will say w* landed." MI understand," said Gores, in a lew tone * "and tbe d*ey after Eddy disappeared. Goon!" "The captain saved whatßNneyhehad from the wreck of tbe Graham, and we've bean living , on it sinoe he easae to Triseo. The moneys nearly gone, and then* a party going to the digging* to- day, and we've consented to join ! them. Wo want yon to go with as——" "I can't," groaned Gone, hi* broad ohset heaving. "You can't understand how it is with me. You mean weU, I know, but yon don't know what that boy was to m*. We hay* suf fered and joyed together; we have shared flight; we have fared poorly and been eared for •umptaoaaly • w* have known every shade of feeling, ovary emotion • and aU th*** w* shared together. In our adventure* by tend and by sea, the boy ha* beoome as a part of mysslf. He was—oh, God!—he is tho truest, th* bravest, the most honest, truthful, noble soul 1 ever met He i* nsamr to me than a brother. , What is the mere accident of birth to the sym pathy and lev* that bound a* together? H* loved me, and I loved him. I vowed to myself to take him in safety to his father and when is he?" His visitors made no answer, "I think often," continued Gone, brokenly, " of bis mother in her mad- hons* osD, thoueanda of mites to the eastward, and I think how ahe wiU wait for ber boy who wiU never oome to her. Bhe will nevsr see again the bright yoong face— she will nevsr hear again the glad yoong voice, nor the free, bounding step. He wfll sever bring ber husband to open tbe doors of ber prison." ! He buried bte fan m rik pillow, sad bis form shook with a heavy tremor.' " Bow, don't" mid the captain, going np to the bed, and taking th* hand of the Obioan. "Don't go on so. It won't bring him back " Gone lifted his bead in a sudden revulsion of feeling. "H* is not deed!" he cried. " I say he i* not! H* cannot be dead as young, so roso lute,so brays! I*wfllnot behove it" The captain sighed, and retreated to a chair. " They muat hay* got some due to the mys tery by this time, around then at the police* ofaos," muttered Gone, half arising. TU go round and see." Harris looked qnssrtoningly at his captain. " Shall I teU him r he asked. Tbe captain nodded sorrowfully. "We've just eosse from th* poiiet-osae*," said Harris. -We saw th* dual Hwdetoe tivee that have been oat th* last thn* days re ported late laet rught—-** "They hay* got aews?" srisd Gores, his heavy oountcnene* lightening. "They have found a due ?" "Bo due to the boy's fate," said Harris. "They hay* found that Veins lsft the city on the very night of hi* arrival, and want into the interior, probably to the £ggteg*. They have found that he went alone. Hehasnotsinee re tmrned, and tbey can get no ohse to Mlhhiiil whereabouts. Tbey do not belter* that he wfll dan return to th* dty at pr***nt" "He went alone!" rspsatsd Gores, with a shudder, in a low Tsmsntoas. as if sprnking to himself. "Alone!" " Alone, Gors*. Bear th* foot Uke a man. The chief and the detectives think be—be pat the boy ont of tbe wsy before h* wsnt The bay wa* bendy, and it would have bean easy to sink th* lad. The night was dark, yon know—" " Don't!" said Gone, putting np hi* hand in a gesture of pain. -It sseaas as if I oooid see it aU. Don't pietun it out co. I cannot be* liev* bim deed " " Why hop* againat hope?" rlsnsnrhd Herri*. "Why not fee* the went? Tbe chief aad the detectives think that Yellis has killed both Eddy aad Tina, and nod to tbe digging* possibly fled th* country. Tbey believe h*Tl nevsr show himsdf in this stty again. They've bestowed a good deal of time end labor npon this affair without Is*, aad other business is now pussiiij, aad this nutter • "-tit hnpdssn sad finil less—in short, Gores, they've given up th* search for Ydhs, recalled the detectives, and re hnquished the wools matter. Th* chief say* he has mat a history of the meidente to the bead chief of police, and a description of Ydhs. And hen, unless soase accident ahould throw Ydhs in their way, the matter mart rest" "Tbey'v* nevsr seen Ydne,"%said Gone. "They might pan bun in the street withoat knowing him, How can they be ear* be is not in the city?" "Because tbey'v* tracked him as far as the rVaniahuio-heoaas*, though tbey lost his trail ap then near the dogging*, they know, under standing tho nature of rogues, that be won't venture back ben—aad beoaaa* they an satis, fled that th* boy is dead. If he's killed Eddy and Tina, he'U keep clear of this city." "But has be killed them?'* **ksd Gone, breathing heavily. "There's no qneation abont it He has," said th* captain. "And, having killed them, he'ohidbisoself in the diggings. Bow,a*w* an ont of money and mnst do something, and we've no resource but to go to the diggings, we could combine profit with justice—look for Vdlis white we an gaming money. W* want yoa to go with us. Tbe party wo want to join start* at noon, less than two boon from now." "I shall not go—l cannot,'' said Gone. "But you've no money. You'll stervs." " I'U 6^ m the street; Til tern day laborer befon I'U leave this city with the fate of Bddy Bums aa unsolved mystery!" cried the Ohioan. "You two hsd bstter go on to the diggings. You ■aay happen to go to the same digging* to which Vdlis hss fled. As for me, I will stay when I lost th* boy. If I cannot find him, I may at least discover how he died." " He is certainly dead—" " H he's dsed, I have a duty to perform," said Gone, solemnly. "I told him I would see him safe through to bis father. When I know beyond all doubt that he* dead, Iduul hunt up his father, tdl him how tbe boy perished, and send him to the poor wife and -~i*kf- languish ing in her prison. This is my duty, and I ahould know no peace if I failed to perform it Then wUI be time enough for me," be added, "to seek for riches when I am sun beyond dl doubt that Eddy no longer needs my help." From this resolution no urging could sway Ichabod Gone. To all tbe pleading and re monstrances of Captain Hodson and Harris, be was immovable. Tbey arose at last, said goad by* to him, and departed to join the party-ear tbe gold region. After tbey had gone, Gone pat ou bis hat and want ap to the potto* station. Tha nport of tho captain aad mate was confirmed The late* of Eddy and Tina war* already consigned to oblivion, a terribl* mime of more recent date demeaning the *xcrc**o of *U their energies and ability. A gentleman of wealth aad stand ing had bs« assassinated in th* streets of Ban Francisco at noonday, and the ssssssin wa* not known. ▲ large reward had been offered for the discovery of the mnrderer, end the police war* wonrniili'sliug their efforts ia the search for him. In the general excitement and tumult eonesqoont npon th* terribl* affair, Eddy and Tina ware forgotten. Gone came ont of the pnlireonV)* oonvineed that the march for the missing ones, or for the kaowladg* of the manner ia which thay had perished, now devolved upon him, and again be eat to work with an energy knowing neither peace nor eosßfbrt -He visited drinking saloon* and gambling nones*. He disgoiscd himself and played the dsteetiis. He dogged various rough-looking men i but all in vain. He found no trace of Yellis, no due to th* fate of Eddy. Within thro* days of tbe departure of Cap tain Hodson and of Harris for the mines, poverty stated Gores in the tec* -the bitter re roorssless poverty of otter destitution. He had no money to pay board bills, no money with whioh to prosecute his self-imposed mission. In this strait, he went down to tbe docks and as sisted for two days in unloading a vessel with goods aid Cape Horn, and tbe wages for such labor being high, be had again some funds at his oommend. But th* week drew to a close, making three terrible weeks of horror and easpens* since Bddy had been torn away from his friend by hsj Upon th* Monday asorning fouowmg, Gone, being again psnnilsss, again found employment at the docks. Moody, silent, end despairing, hia hollow syss boning fiercely, the mystery of Eddy's fist* praying npon him like aUving viper, be worked with a nsttess energy aU the day, and when night bed eosse, instead of returning to hi* lodging, he wandered up and down the shore. A HSU* after 7 o'olock a druxtag mist set in, th* wind blow oold and chin, and the sky betaaw snDsn and ovareast with dan clouds. Tbedook* were osajsrtod, bnt Crone, knowing no difference, or not earing for it, between pleasant weather and foul, eontumsd bis lonely wslk. The hghis of til* shipping gleamed uncertainly through the mist, and tbe light of terry-boats moved slowly in th* distance through the gloom. But presently people began to arrive upon the dock, despite the mist and the darkness. "Staaater ia!" was theory Govs* heard on every aide. A general excitement began to prevaiL Lanterns flashed, the dock light* glissaifl. and a plsasant murmur, seen as used to greet a steamer from the East in those days, began to hum along th* ebon* of the bay. "Whet's the matterr asked Geese, of a man steading near him. "Strnmsrsoon-ing through the Golden Gate," was the answer. "It's the steamer Golden Gate. She's overdue—brek* her engine—and hseoomeoo under sail The California brought the aews thn* days ago. Sheaassed her under safl and signalled bar. TW Golden Gate brings th* mails." MOn,y*s,~saadG*t*s,raovh*«on. "Ihadn't asard of tee scisidint Maefa eehg*d." And he rwaned his weary waft, with folded arms aad dowacaet face. Tbe crippled stesmtsr Golden Gate, with her freight of pssiingiu, was indeed safety ot port at last. Mrs. Bum* and Mr. Persy, who now fully knew how tbey war* related, stood on the desk, ssarehiag with eager eyes ths mist and th* gloom for that ebon npon which tbey hoped to fad all that tbey held dear. The mist and the gloom war* —ihkmstio of what awaited thaas. "How my heart thriUsr manured Mm. Burns. " I seem to be upon the brink of a gnat *v*nt I am abont to meet my husband aad boy. What if they an npon tho dock yonder, m hope of mooring some one they know?" " And what if TSna» with them?" said Mr. Perry, beginning to tremble. The stisssir rounded into the bay, and slowly felt her amy ap to the dock, under th* influence of thafavoraUowind. Govs* stood still in th* gathering throng, and watched the tide of passengers as they •wept ashore. Among the fint to land wen two man, who sped off as though tbey knew the ground. After the bustle had osased came Mrs. Bam* and Mr. Perry, both eager and expec tant, both vaguely hoping that they might see tbe loved teem in waiting for them, although they knew how utterly impossible it was that they could b* cxpeetcd.. A* Mr. Parry gave Mrs. Bums his arm to lead her down the gangway plank to the dock, a hackasy carriage drov* up, and earn* to a halt Two men, cabman to all appearance, wan on the box. ' One leaped lightly down, and opened the earriag* door $ the other grasped his lines irmly, holding hi* whip in hand in readiness for a start. Two other earriag** foUowed, taking their nteoss beside th* fins. Mr. Parry conducted Mrs. Born* to the first earriag*, and hurried her into it. "ITU get our email amount of luggage," he said. " I left it on the deck, in my haste to get asher*. We wiU go to the best hotel, my good man. Be* waft for me. TH not b* gone an in* •tent." Ho rushed back to the steamer's deck. Mrs. Barns put her head out of tbe open doer, and looked after bim. As she did so, the full nys of the carriage lamp iUumined her fair and noble face, and Gone started, reminded by it of kiddy's. Tbe man who hold open tbe door also studied the fee* closely, and his eye* lighted np with a sadden glow. With a quick, dexterous spring, hs leaped into the earriag*, and shut the door with a dang. Tbe driver whipped his horses, and the vehicle bowled away from the dock. Gores made an instinotive bound toward tbe carriage, but the crowd, unconscious that any thing unusual was transpiring, closed between him and it, and the vehicle rolled away into tbe gloom aad darknam, disappsaring from view, o a* ournscsD.] A BBW and exciting kind of fishing is to be had on the Upper Hue. A big steady boat U fitted with a wtedlass ia its bows, and a long whale-line, to tee extremity of which is fastened a good sised buoy. From the buoy is tethered by powerful win gimp of several yards, a fine fat goose, under each pinion of which is tied a strong shark-book. The buoy is turned adrift and the struggles of the captive goose carefully watched. Befon long, goose, buoy, and aU disappear with a rash, the line is dragged out aad th* boat is rapidly towed down stream. Then eomreenees the struggle. A orooodile is exp*ditionsly dispatched. After he has wearied himsdf by tugging abont tbe boat for twenty minntes or half an hour, the lin* is drawn in, and a* th* -Booster's head appean on th* surface, a ballet is adroitly lodged in his eye— tho only vnh- rwHi part 