EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVING- STONE'S SECOND LETTER DB. LIVINGSTONE'S second letter to Mr. J. G. Bennett appeared in the New York Herald of the 27th June, and a copy of it was courteously sent to the London papers. We select the most interesting passages from it:— THE SLAVE TEA.DE. Speaking of this horrible trade, the Doctor says:—" Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflicts on the victims and on the authors of the atrocities. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalised by a long course of service, with but few of the ameliorating influences that elevate more favoured races, are fair average specimens of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to domestic bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most unhealthy climate. These have told most injuriously on their physical frames, while fraud and trade rum have rained their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous ini iving free in the interior under their own 'ustice to the main body of the population «hiea and laws—cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, •or fighting bravely with the grand old denieens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rofehy strata or under perennial ice. Winwjoode Reade hit the truth when he said tbe ancient Egyptian, with hu huge round black fye% fall luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than the West Coast African, who has-been debased by the unhealthy land he lives in. Slaves generally—and Especially those on the West Coast, at Zanzbar, and elsewhere—are extremely ugly. 1 I have no prejudice against their colour • indeed, any one who lives long among then forgets that they are black, and feels that they are just fellow-men. But the low ^treating foreheads, prognathous jaws, lark heels, and. .other ir physical peculii iliarities common among slaves nnd West Coast ncroes, always awaken the same feeling of aversion as those with which we view spetimens of the * Bill Sikes' and ' bruiser' clas in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either cltss more deeply in tbe mire in which the* are already sunk. But I wish to pointout that these are not typical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the continent are, as a rale, fair average specimens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the lead men of the great chief Insama, who lives west of the south end of Tanganyika, kad come together to make peace with certain Arabs who had burned tneir chief town, and I am certain one could not see more finely formed intellectual heads in any isserably in London or Paris, and the fices and forms correspond with the finely-shaped heads." THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. " I once saw a party of twelve who had been slaves in their own country—Lunda or Londa—of which Cazembe is chief or general. They were loaded with large heavy wooden yokes, which are forked treeB about three inches in diameter, and seven or eight feet long. The neek is inserted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across from one end of the fork to the other, and rivetted; the other end is tied at night to a tree or to tbe ceiling of a but, and the neck being firm in a fork, the slave is held off from unloosing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer, and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads put on the slaves' head besides. Women, having in addition to the yoke and load a child on the back, have said to me on passing, 'They are killing me; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads.' One who spoke thus did die, and the poor little girl, her child, perished of starvation. I interceded for some, but when unyoked off they bounded into the long grass, and I was greatly blamed for not caring to preserve the owner's property. After a day's march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads, the strongest are exhausted. The party of twelve abore mentioned were sitting singing and laughing. ' Hallo!' said I, ' these fellows take to it kindly; this must be the class for whom philosophers say slavery is the natural state,*'and I went and asked the cause of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of the wor3 rukha, which usually means to fly or to leap. They were using it to express the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and death; and the song was ' Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad, or white man's land) with yokes on our neck ; but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall return and haunt and kill yoif.' The chorus then struck in was the name of the man who had sold each of them, aid then followed the general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitterness. Perembe, an old man of at least 104 years, had been one of the sellers. In accordance with African belief, they had no doubt of being soon able, by ghost power, to kill even him. Their refrain as if. Oh, oh, oh 2 Bird of freedom, oh ! You sold me, oh, oh, oh! I shall haunt you, oh, oh, oh! The laughter told, not of mirth, but of the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter. 'He that is higher than the highest regardeth.'" AFRICAN XjADHSS. " Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they had ohly let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could not change their charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, nicely-rounded limbs, wellshaped forms, and small hands and feet. But they must adorn themselves; and this they do—oh, the hussies J—by filing their splendid teeth to points like cat's teeth; It was distressing, for it made their smile, which has so much power over us great hedonkeys, like that of the crocodile. Ornaments Brie scarce. What would our ladies do if they had none hut pout and lecture us on 'woman's rijghts?' But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm brown skins, tattooing various pretty ' devices without colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, serve the heraldic uses of . our Highland tartans," " ' > THB Very , Rev. Mgr. jFranois Searle, Canon of. Westminster, end the Veiyljev- Mgr. James LaiidPa$t»r»oiy PreBidentof St. Edmund's College, have been .named Domestio Prelates ol his Holiness PiusJX' 