. TMB EVEHIWO. MkETIKO . was held in the Pirie-street lecture Hall, and was largely attended. In' the. 'absence , of the. 'President (the Bev. S. Mead), who was in the country, ihe^ Rev. J. Lyall (Presbyterian) occu pied the chair. 'After devotional exercises, '.' The CflAlBMAN having explained thit h« took the chair as ex- President, Mr. Mead being in ;thie' 'country, mentioned that, as the report' wouli show,. the operations during the past ' year ihad ' not been1 very extensive, but 'still the advantages ? of the Alliance had. been felt. \- Various - meetings, including : meetings ' for prayer, hai been, held, arid the good of these ' Jiad been -felt. ?? -Some -people' were inclined ' to doubt the efiicacy ef prayer, contending that God's plans were fixed, and there was no use in asking for special; blessings ; but be did not' think so, believing that faithful, : earnest prayer would be as effectual now as ever it was. ; (BTear, hearT) He alluded to the prayers' : which- were: sent Tip to the' Throne of God[ during last -December, ?when the life of an^ beirjtoone of the brightest' crowns in Europe was jafespaired of , and to the united voice of lihai kingdom in thanksgiving1 when' it was known that that life was out of danger; and then; said during the past year several mi .iuBters had passed away, including t&e; Bevs;v J. Maughan, - S. Keen, ^and William' Colley, und three others r more intimately con iected with ^tiie Alliance — the Eeva. D. iJ. H. Ibbefcson, G. ^toriehousp, and B. Drummond. ' ' He referred in touching; language to- his friendship witti the three last mentioned,' their, sympathy with the1 Alliance; arid strong faith in the bour of death, and j concluded by t saying rthat if those in Heaven were permitted to watch'-what was done ' up6neBrtb3'be was sure the spirits of their de parled brethren would bend down on them with ?interest, and would say as did a. dear fellow-; worker of his, on hia deatH-bed, 'Jiove -dne; another, as Christ bath loved you.', (Applause.; ) - Tlfe .IteV.; J.-S.'WAYiiaMb read the' annual ixapbrt, as follows :— - , - ;c ? ' la 'presenting Ute annual . report of the ; South;. Australian Evangelical ^ Alliance, the' Gomtnittee have pleasure in stating that nothing, has' transpired during the past year to interrupt ; or to threaten -flie tiriity of the Churches as represented in this Alliance. The coming together of the various' sections of the one Church has'led to the removal of prejudices, to the- formation of a. higher estimate of each others' work, and an iridjnation-to co-nperate JforJthe general 'good, ' Whilst -a closer friendship has' ibeeu; pMmtfted amongst, the various Churches, - the distinctive^ work of none has beeridnterfered with, and the zeal to evidence Ohristian brotherhood has in no -way tended to a disregard of the prosperity -of any Church. The broadest charity to wards other Christians7 hasi been demonstrated' to be compatible with ibb- individuality and independence of eVery ChurohfrepreseritecL ; ; ?'???- ' ?'? £ ' ? ^^DnriHlfjtfiepasVyear tnree ministers, faith-: tul workers, iwho took an : active part in the f orrabtion ' of this Alliance— the late ReYS.fi. Drummond, D. J. H. Ibbetson, and G. Stone house,, have, been called to their everlasting re ward.' ' :.: ? 'v;' '-??' '''?.? ?' ? '?' ? . ? ' *f^helast annual' meetings were limited to a public meeting held in the, Pirie-street Lecture Halli on the 8chiMa^, and a. United Communion Service heldin the Flinders-street : Presbyterian' Church on tne 10th MavV; 'At the, annual meet 'ing'the chair was occupied by the Key. J.! LyalL The report was?rfla4'by tae Secretary, the Rev., J. L, Parsons, arid the financial statement was made by D. Murray, E-q.,,itie Treasurer. After tbeadoptiou of the report and the election of officers, the chair : was ' va- ated by the BeVj. J. Lyall na. favor of the Bev. S. Mead^ The meeting was addressed by the Bey. J. Jefferis, on 'The Christian Ministry riot a Priesthood y by the Rev. A. Scales, ou 'The tEcumenicil Council ;' and by the llev. J. S. Wayland, on '-'iJhristian Union.' The;United Copmuriio^was very^successful, every seat in the Flinders-street Church being occupied. The Kev. S-. Mead presided, and delivered an ad dress to the Communicants. Several ministers assisted in the service, which was of a very im l ressive character. 'In-tbe month of July last your Committee initialed a movement with a vie w of introducing to the Parliament some restrictive measure which should limit the- number of public houses in the' city, Corporate towns, . arid townships. Your Committee are convinced that? much of the abounding drunkenness is to be attributed, in part to the many temptations which are presented by the great number of public-houses which are established in the city . and , other populous . parts of the province. Many of these houses are of an inferior class. One; of the . consequences of the excessively large number* of public houses is, that' whilst Mghjer class hotels are ab'e Jko exist in a legiti, mate mariner, the inferior houses' are necessi tated to adopt artificial and questionable .means . in order to secure custom. Dice, cards^dancing, and other attractions become almost indispen sable in order that 'rents may be paid and .& living secured.. Young, men are alluded, and not unfrequently, to their ruin. Money is staked, lost, and won. Money must be obtained. Temptations to dishonesty are presented. The : tempted is ensnared. Thus does the multiplica tion of public-houses tend to the ,mor^l ruin, of the young, as well as to the increase of drunken ness in our midst. Your Committee adopted the following report :— . . -41. We believe that the principle of :Mr-:: Bruce's Bill, lately introduced into the British Parliament, ought at once to embodied- in a Bill ;to- be introduced into the Pariiament ^if South Australia :.-?-. :?; ; ? ; '2. We think such a Bill in respect to the: city, land all corporate towns and rtownships of ; more than 1,000 inhabitants, should accept , some such: minimum ratio as one public-house to every 509 inhabitants, unless by the.approval of ratepayers- expressed ,in: a : vote .taken 1iy ballot a greater number be -agreed io- Some similarly restrictive ratio to be ?? adopted for ? country districts. .-. .- r ' » ?-.,:? *- V. '3. That present iolderspf licences may Jre tain them for a; given -numb$r *-f , y,ears- -(to bei named). No, licence to be granted exoeptnpoa? the principles enunciatedrin the presenttBill.-: licences to be forfeited acc»rding to a stricter code of rulesi&an; those now- obtaining; After forfeiture no renewal to be granted unless in accordance -with the distinctive principle of the : proposed BilL .-.-? - ?-.-- ... :;, . .-,.- '4. Allpublic-houses to be closed on. Sundays except to bona fide travellers. . -, -; -?.?'?;?;. ? '.5. That this Alliance should take «ome active steps id the nutter. .; j -,-. . ;-: ',; - . 'rYour-. Committee sought the. co-operation of the South Australian Temperance Alliance and of the South Australian Temperance League. Representatives of-the two Temperance Sopieti«i met representatives of this Alliance, when it was ascertained that Captain Bagot had drafted a Bill injthe interest of the jSouth Australian Temperance League, embodying the principle of the Englisli Permissive BilL Combination seemed at once probable, but jas the South1 Aus tralian Temperance League-, tWugb prepared to oo-operate with; your Committee,f were exceed- : ingly desirous to introduce ^heirj measuces to tile Legislature ;at the earliest possible date, your Committee deemed it adyjfiabledtft.-tBke^no^ further action until the success or otherwise ' of Captain Bagot's measure should be^detetmined. Hence the matter remains in abeyanoft.r ? -: c ' 'In harmony with, the course pursued by the Evangelical Alliance ot Europe ^«ndr America, namely — that of holdingrspecial prayer meetings at the commencement of the year^itfae Conti mittee invited the Churches' to set apart Wed nesday evening, January 10, for a special prayer meeting in jthe Flinders-street Baptist ?Cnnrch.. Moat of tie Churches in the ciiy -merged ttieii' services in that of the Alliance,: and notwith standing the. oppressiveness of the weittier,'ia, -large number of persons assembled, sa that the church, was nearly filled: The ?Rev.-S.i Mead presided, arid the; Service was of ta sjuritu&Uy;£ elevating character. L j ::-.-. .j;?; ;/;?'? :;r. 'ihe: quarteiiyjprayer- meetings iavebeen moderately atteaded^rand.^he nfbritbly-miais- ters' prayer meetings have been ^Bustasvea!;as heretofore, ? and have-: beemneans of- much' en-' couragement aiidielpi ? o:i li-^ H:s.- -..-?-?-, ' 'In conclusion, your Committee trust that the ^Conference and other services: to he held in association with the annual 'meetingriwill yield results q£ ar -practicBl and .beneficial eharacter, - tendifae tOithe prosperifey of reach seetion of the ' Ob.uxcb.of Christ, audio the increase :6f Ghris-' tian broth'arliness.' ... ... ?:? '? :? ?-'??:? : Mr. G. W. Cotton Tead the baUnce-sheet, which showel the jeceipte to have been - £26 14s. lldi,: and -payments,: £29 15s. 6d., leaving a balance nloesto the Treasurer ^-f : £3 0s. 7d. . Amongst the payments was a do nation of XIO: lOa/y to the Bsnevolent and Strangers? Friend Society* mu ji- i1 The Rev. T. Jambs 'said if tiier»-was^m^n. in that assembly whose Tieart was aotmoyed, and whose soul - was ; not stirred by the airns^ - aad. -prospects,, aridj achieveuieuts of ; this Alliance, it would be proved simply that the man's heart was dead,; or nearly so;.' orthat-he had. ho soul, or no soul to speak of; ' (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He thought thai if there was anything that could confidently be spoteen of as jnost distinctly and . without j exception Christian, it was ' this Alliance,'- and; ' iadeei, all kindred alliances^ He believed inhere had been nothing like, this in these Jasfctimesi or at. any time, excepting in tiiose days wien,iby the simple constraint of the spirit ^-f Iovjb* that domi-i nated in theb.ea.rt of every -.inari and woman, the people had all things in common, and loved oneanother. It would i»e a gceat«hame if they as CnTistians were net prepared ^toicdeet sm the same! common platform; -and Etbeanamec would1 be of the most crying description if ithteyi were not prepared tojneeton aplatFormi sucfeaBtbe^ principles and powers ofjSne Gospel furnished ithemi If they 'could not 'meet* :asc those wiro. drewi their lue- froin -the ,35aine ? spirit, and' SajmoW, and in the «ame' way. simply.; agreed arid ^ombined— eombioed also ite. tbe: accoui plishment of the flame^practacal resulti,.^i-Baid jbut- fery little tiadeedi.for their Ghristiaaiity ;- and ne thought when found doing *his, even if found doing it: imperfectly,- , they gave some' evidence and some proof: that they learnt of Christ, wrh-d said—' For by tibia shaMiaU^nen :?-. know ye «re my disciples* for thatyeloTO one another.' .(Applause.) iove taughfearid :can-f strained them. ; He . held? that; there oweeei great] .objects f to- j be . juontenrplated -4^- that-; thjere; were 'crying: demands cettesSitatiog' that .they j should, be- combined, so; !as^ to 1 direct united: force against their common foes j-raad^ that {they should not cast away 'the; Strength : which they had, ior if theyJrad net the concen trated powerthat unitysupplied;they-'eouldnot' do all that the Gospel promised^ - SUiey oouldi learn; important lessons on ttiis subjectif itheir ? eyes were at all opea, or fcheic ears were' at all attentive to the teachings of Goa; evidenced in common things. or in genoral history. It was j an ascertained fact that in this world there was: nothing whatever that did not in aome propor- 1 tion,, degree, or relation,' afE«ct «6me' othet thing, and not -only, some other thingy but everything elfltj in the world ; and if this was the ease in physics,- so mostit be inrmatter* affecting divine, li)Ee ? 'andc there must ; be » greater degree_efpbtencyiin those niatterB «on-' nepted with} divmeiifej SSiey could say.wr do.: nothing r tight- which 'i would c notiberiefit ; the - whole vconbern. Ss ' T&bj; ?: were, led-: :-to' this ? conclusiott: by jthe iiBtory^of nafionsl There had j -beeaio'jn*, aatiorii' .that ; had-' not; done its work': in relation i.o the uniyeTsai benefit. ;. As it .was to men, so it was'. to' com* munities of men. Mau lived not to himself. God had'given no place to a race, a community, or kibgdom, .without seeingitkat it contributed its quota tfi . -tae general weaL (Appljuse ] Take the Jewish nation, for instance.- , It h^ad ; contributed its share by supplying^ r§oag..; turil triitlu : Then came the.PhoaHfioians, -.-^5o[- Tiad contributed largely tp^ej knowledge of : men,: By their practice of commerce and ex change 'they enabled the sappier p£. ittatwe to . be equalised and disseminated .throughput, the races of men, .includiqg^.tfeiagyrnp.t onZy okan enjoyable, but also of a beneficial nature. .Then there were the Gieeks, who had become an im mortal model to ..all time . in . the proppsit ion of ideal truth and philosophical speculation, to say. nothing of. the greatlessqnsem&odiedin; their his tory concerning political freedom and t hi rights1 of free men. Next they came to |he,Romaas,iwho had contributed their system of jansp'ruderice, which the world could not allow.ta,nerish ; and in addition to this, they had bequeathed to them jtheir great and mighty system of. civili- zition. (Applaus;.) They should always, he repeated, be prepared to help and love ons auother. They should give that love heartily, and endeavor to exemplify, that onarity which brought- ihetri. nearer to «nd mote likte Gbd.:' (Applause.) He proposed the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. ?. The Rev. T. J. SsirTH feelingly ref erred to the interest taken in this Alliance by his prede cessor, and also to the deceased gentleman's affection for the Bev. Mr. Lyall, and then said he came forward to show his practical sym pathy with the Alliance irrespective of what any 'man might say as to his action. (Ap plause.) He might be laughed at and jeered at for so- doing, even as had been the case, but still he could afford to bear |his, and though a descen -lantof clergymen of the Churchpf England,'ari4 Ahoughadhering to trie principles of thatChurch, still: he loved evan5elibalT truth. (Applause.) Referring to th~ Key. Mr. Lyall's remarks as to prayer, he said he agreed with him, and men tioned that, whilst at the University in Dublin, he .'formed one of a Prayer Union then estab lished, arid now numbering 300 members, which met: every Friday morning to pray for the success of the Church and the advancement of missionary enterprise. In conclusion, he said were, he to neglect to join this Alliance, and forward its interests, he would be false to the principles he had always enunciated, and still ield- : He heartily seconded the motion. Applause.^) ' ' ~ ;i The* Chaibmah, on behalf of the Alliance, .cordially welcomed Mr. Smyth amongst them, .«nd then put . ; ''?''. ???? This motion, which was carried unanimously. Mi^ J. CQIiTQK, J.P.,., expressed his hearty sympathy with. the', aims and objects of the Alliance, and said he believed good had been done|b7 itr arid' good, would also eontinue to be done; by it. He pointed out the necessity of unity jji their -action as Christians, and ex pressed a hope that one or two things men ?tioaejl' as initiated in the report would : be ocarried out by the Committee to be appointed to act jriext year- The, names he proposed for this {Committee t'were as follow:— The Rev. James r Jefferis, LL.B.. .(President), the Bev-: James' Henderson . (Sedretaryi, Mr. G. ' W. Gotten (Treasurer), the Revs. W..L. Binks, F. W.'Cok, J. Goodwin, T. James, G. Lake, J. Lyall, S. ;Mead,,M.A., LL.B., J. L. Parson^, T. J.. Smyth. M.A., O. JB. Symes, B;A., and Messrs. M. Gpode, G. Bance, C. McEwio, J. Scotti 0. Smedley, J. Smith, and W. K. Thomas. ?..,?'.' ' .' . Mr. M. GooCe seconded, arid the motion was carried. ? - ' : ? \- The Chairman then vacated the chair, and made' way for' . ' . The President, who thanked, the Gom mitteeand the meeting- for the, very unanimous way in which they had elected him to the office - he then held. They had, he said, met for the advocacy of certain principles , which they believed to.lie deeply imbedded in their Chris tian life ^principles .which, needed no defence, but only tobe illustrated to cany ponvic tion to every Christian heart. (Applause.) , He did not say a word, in defence of those principles, ' but': when one looked abroad and took Christen dom as a whole, viewed, in the light of these principles, there was much to cheer, even if the view was but confined .to last year. (Hear, hear.) The desire for closer union was largely. * increased, There were the old German Catholics reaching across to the English Church, which in her turn had spreadput her hand to the Russian CharcK, and they. saw. also' how' the natural ^exclusiveness of the Church of Scotland — not the least prigid, of Chunsheprrhad to a great ex 'terit been broken down by the introduction of ministers of the Church, of England, and (coming a, little nearer home) the Church of England in the neighboring colony had adopted a Resolution raflinning the principle of inter chafege. of pulpits, with. tb,e Presbyterian Church. The -Fresbyiterian pulpits, were, of course, the Cfeam of all pulpits. '(Laughter.) That was 4t' laudable thing, and although they could not saythe^ame- had been, done here, siill no one could read the Bishop's Pastoral, delivered, in ? Synod .. receri'tly, '. without noticing a great change in Bis Lordship's thoughts and opinions upon this point. , The old idea of ?mere comprehension was being set aside, aad an -idea had been broached that it would be well for ministers pf the: Anglican Church ? to ?-have a ? . conference with the. ?ninia ters of .other Churches, for the adoption of -a closer. union between them. It seemed, to him that there were two modes by which their -union might be increased and developed. They might still bold their own principles as to Church, order and so on, but whilst doing this they might' strive to believe more than they did ;at present in those great and grand principles, they held as Christians, the differences, cheated perhaps in many, instances by accidents in the past, should, be looked upon. with. 4a leas degree of interest; and. attachment. (Hear, hear.) He believed a union of that kind was possible, and tHat it was necessary they should broach their ideas to each other, to see how far those ideas really differed. However great their differences were, if they, came face to face, and talked over the confiictine points, he believed tbei difiOTeiices would be found to be far ffnasllertnaji they -thought. (Applause.) And then in the future, possibly their minor or ganizations, would be merged into one great Church- organization, bound together by larger aud broader ties than- now held them. No doubt many would .think these ideas chimerical, but he, thank God, had a great deal of faith, and he beUeyed those who had faith in the. pos- sibility of certain things,' were those likely to bring them aboui-r-(hear, hear) — and that if there way no possOoUty of uniting all Chris tian organizations, there was a way of bringing a great; many of the Churches together. (Hear, hew.) j Even ' now, -there was a bringing ?togetherrof the ofiEshoota of the Church. In the other coloniea,; and in England and here, unioos au3 asBociatiorifl were formed, Church s were affiliated, arid so i.., on. This idea), howevei, would, .iieyjer ;be. carried, out . if ' the spirit -.of proielyiism were ? -adopted. (Sear, bear.). They, met as Christians, auU- although; they had differences, still he ?truftted they would enter their protest against that which was still, he believed, carried on to a iimitpd ext^nt'-prbselytism. (Hear, hear.) They ruul great issues to meet. There was .-pauperism: and vice, in all Christian societies, affording a great workfor all Christian Churches, . an 4' it would be j»ut to them that if they were ?not able to 'eppe with these things they pro jessed .fjb cope wiih, Christianity itself was a , -JelU8iqn -and a snare. ' Therefore they should be bandejd together., as- an alliance, not in word «rfprm, but in thought and action. , They did not think, this Alliance represented alit-hris- Mans, or all. sections of Christians, but they be- , lieved thatit comprised a large section of those who did believe with them; aad it was Ii'b earnest belief that during the -three years the .Alliance had been ia existence there had been & considerable diminution in the spirit of dogmatism, and separation of the Churches — (h&ar; hear)— and that much had been done for'wMch they Jiad cause to thank aud bless God. (Applause.) - ^Elie Rev. C. *B. Stme3 rejoiced in the exis tence; of this AUjknce, and in a knowledge, of khtf f abt, iHat r iC-Was not a platform union,: but a real auc[ earnest union. He had been asked to speak on, the topic. 'The attitude of the Church in rela ion to matters more imme diately, connected with practical life,' and in commencing ,.hjel(|vould say that never before did the Church need more to be under the, guidance; of the Holy Spirit than now. They needed the power of the Holy Ghost to guide , them as. to .what was eood and what was eviL «ad to give them a spirit of heroism to do the light and,; show the wrong. (Applause.) He 5«-h.1J3. notice one of tne things respecting which th&r; Church, was asked to pronounce an opi nion.; namely, the harmlessness or otherwise of certain recreations. He regretted that the Ohridtian spirit— the .Christian - discerement ia men— had faUen so low that they were obliged to ask this question ; and he believed there was a desire to draw an unhealthy, un natural life instead of following the good iastiicts of their own hearts. In considering the: question of the barm^ssness or otherwise of f 6J9 amusements, they sbou'd consider whether the- form °E amusement would lower their own spiritual life, and whether it carried with it any injurious tendencies towards others.. A mm in , considering bis a teadancejat a theatre should - not only think of the danger to bioiself, but . also the moral ruin and degradation to muiy of those who performed there. (Applause.) Ae^'j, itib was true that danoing 1«4. to evM w it had done, tSsea* nefther ctTuld Chris* tian parents ntfr the Church approve of if. It was certainly \H«eesB8iy that . recreatioa should be found for the youBg, but the amuse ments selected should . be of -a healthy nature, and not tending in any way to .pernicious re* suits. There was a great deal of religiousness,^- ,. he would call it, at the present day. It was l . : acknowledged that religion was a good thing:} ?''. thatit was right to attend Church and so on; bufe ' to a gi eat extent that-vital point, 'Ye must be ? born again,^ was lost sight of. Faithfulness : ? to the truth demanded that the Christian Church should speak more emphatically now than ever as to the uncertainty of being born; again. Thentherewas danger of spurious catho licity. Let their union be based on Evangelical truth. He did not wsnt to interchange pulpits with a man- that did not believe iri the truth, ' Ye must be born again.' Tae spirit of love must be manifested consistent with the love of truth. Speaking from English experience, there was great objection now against the preach- ' ing of doctrinal truth, and it was something like the idea of insisting upon doing our own ^^ . religion ourselves, losing sight of the atone* J^~ ment altogether. (Applause.) The Pbesidekt, in reference to Mr. Symes's remarks as to the stage, said he thought the tragediesdf Greece, andifaeiii»trioiiic assooiaiaons connected therewith, did good, and he hoped the lime would come when.. their stage would be so purged j that Christian men would be able to attend it. ., .= Mr. Ai Stow made a few remarks upon the classes uninfluenced by existing Church agen cies. This question had excited attention- in England, and it was fuund that the principal reasons, for non- attendance fon divite worship on the Sabbath, was .the necessity of having that day for recreation, that 'the services were uninteresting, and the want of good clothes in which to attend. He thought the first would not hold good in this colony, that the second would be to a great . extent met by education, which, would also give more equality between the classes. He urged that the Church should do as much as possible to forward the Sabbath school, and that the Christian community. r . should exert its influence to do away with the Y~~ - differences created between rich and poor. . The' Rev. Mr. Symes thought something should: be done' here by the .Churches to reach those who failed to attend service on Sundays. \- 'This Rev. J. Lyall agreed, suggesting a minis terial conference on the subject. ' A. votteof 'taanks was thea accorded, the re tiring President. (Rev. S. Mead), and the newljJ elected President for his services that evening, and the meetiBg then terminated. A meeting of the Standing Committee -f the Chamber of Manufactures was held at the jfficej Waterhouse's Building, on Friday, 17th '^ instant. Present — Messrs. S. Davenport (Presi ient)^ Chartier, Francis, Holden, McDonald, Sawtell, Simpson, and the Hon. SsAretary (3. V. Pizey). Considerable discussion took place is to the best means of extending the member ship of the Chamber so as to increase its means of usefulness, and a form of circular was idopted f or distribution to -all the Chairmea of District Councils in the province. The Hon. Secretary announced that the petition of the. Chamber, praying for a grant of £100 had been generously responded to by the Parliament, and it wais resolved that steps should be imme diately taken to obtain Unseed for gratuitous distribution, to be delivered at Willunga, Tan kalilla, Barossa, Gumeracha, Mount. Barker, aad Mount Gambler, in proportion to the pros pects of these districts immediately extending this cultivation. The Hon. . Secretary was also requested to convey the thanks of the mem bers to the Hon. A. Bljth for the able mauner in which he had introduced and supported the petition. Reference was made to the large demand which had this year sprung up for inferior samples of fl =x for rope and twine manufacture ' in this colony and also in Vic toria^ besides also the ready sale for the su perior fibre for exportation fer linen manufac- - - ture. Great regret was expressed that so much, straw should have this year again been totally wasted through, the apathy of the farmers. A good deal of discussion followed as to the advi sabiebe&s; of requesting the Sheriff to devote the labor at his command to hand scutching aud f otherwise preparing the fibre at such a price per pound as would maintain those who where so employed free of cost to the State. The desire of the Standing Committee is to test iheipossibility of procuring good samples from straw grown immediately around Adelaide, which, at present, . is somewhat doubtful, and that phould it prove successful, the experiments at the Gaol would form a nucleus for private enterprise to. take the matter up afterwards, without the hazard of failure. Should the Sheriff undertake the matter, and be as success ful therein as he has been with the olive cul ture,1 the result would be of great practical importance and benefit to the Adelaide district, as also to the question of flax culture generally. The Hon. Secretary was requested to renew a previous correspondence upon this subject. As the season for sowing linseed is now coming, it was determined to hold another meeting of the Standing Committee in a fortnight's time, to receive a progress report, and otherwise to facilitate the extension of this increasingly important industry. Some fair samples of dew retted -flax fibre were exhibited by Messrs. Wills and. Co., which -were considered worth 4d. a pound; also, some very handsome samples of Angora goat's, hair, grown in Turkey and the .Gape of Good Hope. This firm has been insti tuting some enquiries from the English brokers as to: the value of this production, and from the .replies, which we have perused, it is evident that (there is a good market in England for this * beautiful production, b at at present there exists a great want of uniformity in the colonial :» samples, which iave been offered during the .past three years, as indicated by the ludicrous margin between 8d. and 3s. 5d. per 1b. Mknkiewicz's ' Pantoscope was opened at White's Rooms on Monday evening, when there was a fair house. Before the entertainment commenced Mr. Smythe, the Manager, said 10 years ago he i ad the honor- of introducing to the Adrldide public two of the most wonderful instrumentalistfi who had ever visited these colonies— Messrs. . P, pussard and Douay — who brought credentials' and diplomas from the Conservatoire of Paris, and other grand academies of music. Now he had the plea sure } of introducing another company of ia strumentalists — the Draeger Family — who brought no diplomas from Europe, but whose musical education had been conducted iu their own home by their talented father, and, as a South Australian family, he trusted they would meet; with a warm reception. The views of the recent war were, he said, original pictures, painted to the order, of the present proprietor, by Mr. John A-bsolon.— -The panoiaoiic views of .thfe war present several of the most interest ing episodes of the recent . Continental strife. The -pictures are somewhat uneven in merit, but many of them ate very artistically drawn, and vividly depict the stirring and memorable soenea of the war. The Djaeger Family were very warmly received. The family consists of Mr. Draeger, and his children — Ferdinand (aged 18 years], Bertha -16 years), Carl (15 years), Agnes (12. years), and 'Clara (9 years) — all of whom are. Boutu Australian born, but have been jiving I in Victoria for several years. The juvenile member of the family, Master Bern hard, aged, four years, who is, it is said, also a musical precocity, did nob appear on Monday. The arrangement of the instiuments is as fol lows ;— -Violoncello, Mr. Draeger ; Violins, Mr. Carlv Miss Agnes, and Miss Clara ; Flute, Mies Bertha ; and Flageolot, Mr. Ferdinand. They are very cievaf instrumentalistb, and their per formances will, we are sure, prove attractive to Adelaideans, not only among the nationality to which the Draegers belong, but also to the musical public gen- rally. The musical pro gramme on Monday, included the overture to '.' Massaniello,' DeBeriot's No. 8 violin solo by Dad Draeger, which was encored ; Weber's guteisOliJ, ttThro' the Forest,' by Miss Ber'ha, which was also encored ; and a selection fro ^ ,'11 Trovatore,' by the whole family. W- .predict a successful season for Mr, Smyths and. : his. Company. 