THE FRABER ISLAND ABOUR?INAL MISSION. The following private letter (which we abridge) from the Rev. E. Fuller, the missionary at Fraser's Island, to a friend in Ipswich, appeared in the Courier of Saturday: Aboriginal Mission, Fraser'e Island, August 15, 1872. Dear Mr. L.,-I received your letter of July 11 all correct, and now I send you the information you require. As you perhaps are already aware, I started the mission at my own risk, cost, and responsibility. Leav ing Brisbane in a schooner, I made my way to Mary borough, and after staying there about ten days (preaching missionary sermons, and making known my mission during my stay) I was, through the kind ness of Mr. Sheridan, conveyed in the pilot boat to Fraser's Island, and landed on the island on the 28th of October, 1870. For about a fortnight I was hunt ing about the island for a spot of ground suitable for agriuoltural purposes ; but, alas I wherever I went the soil bore unmistakable testimony to the "proper" name of the island--vi., the " Great Sandy Island," for it was sand, sand, sand, from one end of the island to the other. At last I pitched my tent down in a valley or swamp, where the sand seemed a little darker than the generality of the soil, and commenced felling the trees, clearing the ground, and turning up the soil ready to receive seeds, which in due course were placed in the ground, and in a very short time plants sprang up and showed above the surface. But, alas! having .got a certain height above ground they then seemed to stop growing, as if the bare sight of Fraser's Island frightened them. Afterwards Icolleoted what manure I could and made raised beds for the seeds, then Iduge a drain about two freet deep about three parts round the ground ; but all seemed labour in vain, for the soil would not bring the things onto maturity. I then sunk a small shaft to ascertain the nature of the underground soils, when I found that instead of a clay subsoil the upper layer of dark sand was supported by a white sand underneath, and consequently what little nourishing properties might have been in the upper layer washed down through, and were lost in the beds of sand beneath. Nearly everything that I placed in the ground came up, and I have carrots now that have been in the bed for about a year and ten months; they are not rotten nor tough, but crisp and fresh as if only about sir weeks old. They are now about the size of my finger, and continue to grow alt though very, very slowly; just one or two here and there have grown to a tolerably good size. The other thines that have been planted, such as parenips, onions, parsley, bananas, cocoa nut, &c.;, &c.;, all seem to share the same fate, except pumpkins, and of them we got a tolerably good supply. After I had been at work on my piece of ground in the valley about two or three days, a few of the na tives came and camped beside me, so I put a tomna hawk in their hands and set them to work eutting down the mall trees, and I also commenced school among them morning and evening. Of course there was great latighing and chattering among them when I first began to teach them their A B C, and it was no easy matter to keep them around me just whilst I went a few times through the alphabet. To the na tives that were at work with me I gave a small quan tity of four and sugar daily, and when my own money and provisions were very nearly exhausted the Lord put it into the hearts of some good pe6ple in Mary borough to help me. So they.formedthemselves into a committee .and made collections, and sent me down some of the staff of life, when, according to outward appearances, it looked as though I soon should have to live & la ~ lakfelloaw. Then (through the goodness ofear Heavenly Father) some good people in Bris bane followed the good'example of the Maryborough friends, and formed themselves into a society in order to strengthenomy hands and help me in my up-hill work of endeavouriag.to establish a mission among the long-neglected and much-despised aborigines of our colony. And about the month of April, 1871, I're aeived intimation from the evr. Mr. Hooker, the secretary, that' I was appointed agent or missionary by the Queenaland Aboriginal Missionary Society. As it was impossible to establish an agricultural missionary settlement without suitable soil for agri cultural purposes, I wrote to the friends of the mis esion to apprise them of the unfitness of Fraser's Island for an agricultural mission, and asking them to assist me in seeking a more suitable locality. For the last sixteen months we have been expecting to re move from here. I have explored the neighboprhood round about in search of a suitable spot, as we wanted to keep in the vicinity of Fraser's Island if possible, so that the natives who have been under our instruc tion here might accompany us to our new home; but though I explored the country-and the friends also assisted me with their advice and by getting what in formation they could-yet no suitable site could be. found any bearer than Noose (distant from here about eighty miles), to which place the society have now re solved to remove the mission with as little delay as possible. Of course, in selecting a site for a mission ary settlement among the heathen many things have to be taken into consederi?ion, for not only must we have good soil and water, and get into a locality where the blacks generally are, but also get where the white people generally are snot. We have been greatly an noyed by the pernicious influence of white men even in this out-of-the-way place. Fishermen have camped close beside our mission, and have decoyed our young girls away from school, and taken them away in their boates for unlawful purposes; and this at a time when they (the girls) were just beginning to read in the Word of God, and the matter had to be brought before the Government in order to get a stop put to such disgraceful conduct by so-arelled " Ohristians" in the neighbourhood of the mission. A white man has chased a young girl right to the very door of my tent e he said he had bought the girl from her father at Maryborough for a blanket and some tobacco, and he wanted her to accompany him to his place at Tinklin Bay (distant about thirty-five miles), where he is employed cutting timber; but happening to put into my place with his boat on his way thither the girl made her escape, and ran to me for protec tion, and rushing into my tent commenced creeping under my bed, asking me to shield her from the white man, and not let him lake her away. Though he (the white man) came to the very threshold of my canvas house in his unlawful practices, yet he would not dare to pass over that threshold and seize the girl ; and, as I would not give her up, he had to go away without her. Of course I was anything but a gentleman and a Christian for thus intercepting him in Iis ungodly purpose, and he went away in his boat, but he re turned the next day and actually took " another young girl" (one of my echolas) away with him in his boat, and I was not aware of it until after he was gone. People talk about the danger and risk of living among the blacks. I have been living and labouring amongst them for nearly two years on an island that is conoi dered the resort of the thieves, murderers, and the vilest among them, and give me leare to say that it is the "whites," their pernicious influence, and their revengefol hatred, that we are afraid of more than the • blacks. As a rule the natives here all go naked men, women, and children-and having to instruct adults of both sexes in the rudiments of education, I found it was not good " for man to be alone." So on the 18th June, 1871, the Rev. Joseph Buckle, from Brisbane, accompanied Miss Winstone to Fraser's Island, and we changed her name to Fuller, and ever aines we have been labouring together at our Lord's command, and offering all our work to Him. It is now fourteen months since we were married, and dur ing the whole of this time we have been expecting to receive orders to remove to some other locality, con sequently we hare refrained from putting up any buildings, &c.;, wherein to live, with the exception of a small bark hut that we put up wherein to pack visitors when they come. We ourselves have been living in a tent ever since, which has to answer as our bedroom, dining-room, kitchen, church, surgery, sit ting-room, and school-room. Several times the atorms have threatened to bring down our tent about our ears, but the Lord being our shield and protector, it is standing yet on the very spot I placed it about two years ago, although nearly all the posts are eaten away at the bottom by thile white ants. We hare family prayer before breakfast, when tlhebell is rung, and the natives who choose to do so come in and worship with us at the family altar. In the evening, imme diately after ten, we have family prayer again, when the natives join us. We hare a harmonium, and as the natives are fond of music this attracts them in to the services and family worslhip. We have school in the morning after breakfast, and again in the afternoon about half-past 3 o'clock. On Sundays we have on early morning prayer-meeting, then family prayer, then breakfast, then school, then Divine service, then dinner, then school again, then service in the evening. We have had as many as thirty- four blacks-men, women, and children-packed in our tent at aSunday sereice, and in the hot weather I can assure you they " smell rather strong." But on the whole, those that have been with us any time are as orderly at thle services as white people, and many of them will give a hearty Amen at the close of a prayer, although they have never been instructed to do so by me. They soon pick up the tunes, and sing very heartily. There are now between two and three dozen who can read the Word of God with more or less ability ; as many more have the alphabet off by heart, some perfectly, some partly. One of them has as many as thirty verses (select portions) of Scripture, hymns, &c.;, com mitted to memory; another has twenty verses stored up in his mind, another twelve, another six, &a.;, &o.; As soon as we commence to teach them their let ters we begin also to teach them to commit to memory that precious text of Scripture which hias been blessed by the Holy Spirit to so many hundreds of souls, and made them wise unto salvation -viz., " God so loved the world," &c.; Two of the young men occasionally engage in public prayer, praying the Lord would open their blind eyes to see Jesus crucified, give them new hearts, convert their souls, and make them ready to die, &c.;, &c.; I let them pray in their own simple broken way, without striving to make them put their words in order, which would only confuae them, and what I aim at is to get their "hearts to speak," when they are before the Throne of Grace. All of them are taught little prayers, such as " God be merciful to me a sinner ;" " Lord Jesus, save my soul;" "O God, for Jesus Christ's sake, give me thy Holy Spirit;" "Lord help me;" &e.;, &o.; These they are instructed to make use of when they lie down in their huts at night, and when they rise up in the morning, as well es when they walk about. We have a large tinted picture of our Saviour on the cross ; this we show to all comers, and thus preach Jesus crucified to the wildeet and worst, even though they cannot understand a word of English. Nearly all of them seem very much taken up with the picture when they first behold it. We don't go thoroughly into the aboriginal language, but just make it a sort of steiPping- stone to English, in which lan guage we instruct and teach them. We have not yet seen any fruit from our labours in the shape of con versions and change of heart, but we continue to sow on in faith. The society has just managed to keep our heads above water, in keeping us supplied with necessaries for our frail bodies ; they havre been able to do this without going heavily into debt, but up to the present time neither myself nor my dear partner have received anything in the shape of salary, nor do we even now ask for any. The wages is in the work. We labour on forJesus, offering all our works to Him, and lear ing Him to arrange for the needful, thankful that we are permitted to be labourers in His vineyard. Of course, when we get to our future destination, Noose, on some good soil, the natives will be employed tilling the ground, and in other duties connected with the mission, and thus Christianisation and civilisation will go hand in hand together. They will then receive a full ration (11b. flour, 4oze. sugar, and 2ozs. tea for three days) ; here, whilst only attending school twice a day, they receive half-a- ration of flour and sugar, and no tea. Between school hours they go out and pro cure for themselves oysters, mussels, fish, " tulbhine" or native bread, the fruit of the zamin, and many other things that abound on the island and round about it. The following are some of their prejudices and super stitious notions:--The mother-in-law mast not look upon her son-in-law at any time ; they believe that if she did he would go mad, and would goand lire in the bush like a wild man. Consequently, when they all come together to sing at school time, after being taught in the classes, there is great covering of heads by the women who happen to have their sons-in-law there, and you will see them "backing" into their places in a most lueghable manner. The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blauket, or otherwise hide himself from the mother's gaze. The young men will not sit down on the same stool or box, or in fact anywhere, twhere a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young men would sicken and die if they did. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies and another for the gentlemen. The shadow of the young women must not pass over the sleeping-place of the young men. Ifa sechooner ispassingthe mission about sunset the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go down quickly, and thus com pel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel near the mission, and enable them to get on board and obtain tobacco, biscuits, &e.;, which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry. a woman belonging to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the "mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot cot any of them to give any definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems a custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superetitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, &c.; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assure me that there are plenty in this island, end that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night-time. They believe that there is a devil (mel long), but they have no idea of a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers since they have come in contact with Eu ropeans, I may just say that on this island, which is about eighty-fivre miles long by twelve broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there are no less than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost ob literated; and like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resoorce. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man, or the greatest bully, "takes upon himself" to be No. 1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now, since tobacco has been introduced among them, they are great emokers-men, women, and children. A little girl or boy about two or three years old may be seen with a pipe in its mouth smok ing tobacco; yea, they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast out of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at the town ships, and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they are awake. And, again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also take the trouble to teach them how to play ; so that we not only have to preach Jesus to them, but also to preach against card-playing, for they get so engrossed in playing them that they will not leave them to come to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of the land which they look upon as individually theirs ; on the death of the father it descends to the sons. They are cannibals; they cat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it was before the white man came. When a person dies, they skin him (old men and women excepted); the skin is dried and carried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinefolk. Sometimes they burn the body and carry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift their ramp when one dies among them. We have a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, &c.;, from natives that were sick; they also aflirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off; they also say they cannot kill him, and that hle will never die. Now, my brother, behold what a long letter I have written you, in just mentioning a few of the circum stances connected with ourselves, our mission, and the people among whom we live and labour. Perhaps I may send you another epistle after we get settled at our future abode-Noosa. Meanwhile commending ourselves and our work to your earnest prayers, believe me to remain your brother in Jesus. 