LITERATURE. GEO. A STORY OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. By B. L. FARJEON. VOLUME IL Chapter IX.— -The Story op Silver-headed Jack. — Continued.) 44 It was eighteen months betore j. saw eitner of them again. I heard, of them at odd times as being now at one place and now at another, but I did not fall in with them. For my own part, daring this time, I was always able to make wages, and was always in hopes of making a rich « find » I should think a gold digger's life is very much like, a gambler's. There is the same feverish excitement about it, and although you may go on losing irad losing, and wasting your time, there is always tha chance of a run of luck setting in with the very next deal of the cards. At a new rush, for instates, while you are sinking your claim, you are always speculating as to what it will turn out ; and when you go to sleep, you will dream, perhapB, that you have found a nugget as big as your head.' Such nuggets have been found, you know. Men at starvation point one day, may be tolerably rich the next. I once gave up a claim la disgust, , after working at it for two months. Three miners took it up a few days afterwards, and went home with twelve hundred pounds a piece for a month's work. If I had driven my pick two inches further, I should have come upon as rich a patch of gold as was ever found. During those eighteen months that I did not see Silver- headed Ja£k or Serious Muggins, I had only two mates. You will stare when I tell you that one of them was a woman! > and a jolly digger she was. She did as much work at the windlass as a man. Her husband was my mate, first ; but he was seized with a paralytic stroke, and was in bed for a twelvemonth. . So his wife, like a noble- minded woman as she was, worked for him by day, and nursed him by night. But he got worse instead of better, and she was advised to bake him down to the Melbourne Hospital, if she wanted to save his Ufe. When this occurred, I shifted my quarters, and fell in with my old mates. They ware still working together ; but they hadn't been much more fortunate than they were when we were. all mates. They had a quartz claim, now, thbugh, "which they thought was going to turn out splendidly. But a great change had come over Silver-headed Jack. He had not heard of his Lizzie for 'six months/ and he was fretting for means t take him home, to find out the cause of hbr not writing. In those six months he had grown a dozen years older. I don't think Serious Mpggins wa8 very pleased to see me, but Silver- heaaed Jack was, and he offered me a share in the olaim — a sixth it was — if I would join them. It was a pretty fair offer, for the claim was nearly down to the reef, so I accepted it. Serious Muggins would have objected, I dare say, if he could have done so without being suspected of animosity j hat the claim wanted a second man at the windlass, and he knew I was a good miner, so he was forced to put up with me. "Well, one day, abont three weeks after I joined thejn, we put in a blast and fired it ; and wheti the' smoke cleared away, and Jack got to the hottom of the claim, he sent up a bucket of quartz, in /which we could see a good many specks of gold. We had struck the reef, and it promised to bum out well. It turned out a good deal better than we expected. The quartz was about three feet thick, and we calculated that it would run at Last six Ounces to the ton. We came upon a very rich patch, too — so rich, that I almost danced with delight when I handled the golden-veined lumps of stone. We raised about forty tons of quartz, and made arrangements for having it crushed at a machine that stood hard by. We took some of it to the machine in sacks, and put it, with our own hands, under the iron stampers. We didn't leave the machine until the whole of it was crushed. The first night we were all together watching the heavy iron stampers, beating down with their one-two-three-four timeB, and wonder ing what sort of a cake of gold the forty tons would turn out. I said that I thought there would be at least four hundred ounces. " 4 That will give me five hundred pounds for my share,' said Silver-headed Jack. 4 1 shall put a good , Wages-man in the claim, and go home to find eat why Lizzie has not written to me. I can t help thinking there is some underhand work going on.' " ' Psha !' said Serious Muggins. 4 She's tired of waiting, and has married some one else. You dpn?t think a girl will wait for a man until she grOWs -to he an old woman, do you ?" 44 4 1 don't know what girls will or will not do ' aid Silver-headed Jack ; 4 but I know that my Lizzie would wait for me all her life. I am almost frightened to go home, for fear of hearing that something has happened to her. The world wouldn't he worth living in without her.' , " Have you written to her ?" I asked. . '"Regularly. Only think" of my working all these years, and never till now having the means to fend for her, and after all not to know if she if dead or alive ! Jamie,' he said to me, ' if I was to hear that she was dead, I'm sure I should go mad, or something dreadful would happen to me. You oa&'t think how I've set my heart on my lassie!' 44 The crushing of that forty tons of quartz took nearly four days and four nights. They couldn't orush them as fast as they do now. Quartz crushing UBed to cost six pounds a ton, at that time ; . now yon can get it done for a pound. Well, it was all passed through the machine, and Jack and I were watching the washing out of the quicksilver. Serious Muggins post, to see if there were any letteraforfe® ; feail was expected) and he was to get us some supper ready, by the time we came homq with the gold. \- lookT<lf i upon the machine men, as they >diu their wqrk j- fordt vroula have been the easiest thing in the world for them to have slipped a feW pounds weight of the gold and quicksilver on one ride, without „ our being a hit the Wiser for it. There was nearly half a bucketfuljpf the" mixture. This was noured. about half a pint at a time, into a large chamois leather skin. The skin is porous, and, upon being tightly squeezed, allows a large portion of the pure quicksilver to ooze out, re taining the gold, coated, of .course, with quick silver. f It was not until the " men came near the bottom of the bucket that we found how rich was the quartz that ha.fi been crashed. The first few skinfuls of quick silver escaped through the chamois leather like silver- water, and there was hut little gold left; but, when we came near the bottom of the bucket, we jumped for joy at finding -it was nearly all. gold. After all the quiokeilver was passed through ' the leather, the amalgam was put into a large retort, and screwed down. The retort was then put into the furnace. When it was red-hot, the quicksilver began to rise in the iron tube, which is joined to the top of the retort, and came shower ing down into the pail of water beneath, like a rain of silver stars. I was glad when the shower lessened ; for I was half frightened that the gold was being spirited away. Then the retort was taken out of the furnace, and opened, and there lay the beautiful gold, changing, in the process of cooling, into all the colours of the rainbow. I wonder if a miser, in counting his hoardings, ex periences the same kind of pleasure that I ex perienced, when I saw that splendid cake of gold ! If he does, his rusty old heart must be lighted up by a very delightful feeling. " The cake weighed six hundred and twenty ounces, so that the quartz had averaged nearly sixteen ounces of gold to the ton. Not so bad that, eh P Silver-headed Jack wrapped up the precious golden saucer in his pocket-handkerchief — it was a pretty good weight, nearly half a hundredweight — and we made our way to the tent. I had my revolver cocked, in case of any accident, I can tell you. When we got to the tent, Serious Muggins was waiting for us. Jack opened his handkerchief, and looked at the gold triumph antly. As for me, I was running over with delight. " Got you at laBt, you . beauty !' I exclaimed. 4 Oh, you sly coquette ! What coaxing you want before you give yourself up ! Jacob didn't work harder or more patiently for Laban's daughter than we have worked for you. Only think; Jack, of thiB bright beauty hiding herself in the caverns of the earth, and refusing to show herself until we plucked her out of her miserable home ! Can you imagine a bright-eyed damsel, Jack, sinking into the earth, and we diving after her, until we catch her in the rock which prevents her escape ? Oh, you beauty ; I could kiss you !' " You see, I am a bit of a poet. " I will kiss you, said Jack, lifting the cake of gold to his lips, 4 for yon bring me nearer to my Lizzie. Hallo! Muggins! what's the matter ?' 44 4 I've got bad news for you, Jack,' said Mug gins, who had been shifting uneasily abont. 44 4 What news ?' asked Jack, dropping the gold, and turning quite pale. 44 4 About Lizzie.' 44 4 Well, man, go on. " 'She s dead, Jack,' said Muggins, looking as white as Jack himself. 4 The mail's in.' " ' How do you know she is dead ?' I asked. " I have received letters from home.' " Jack didn't say a word, but dropped into his seat, trembling, and covered his face. I beckoned to Serious Muggins, and we stole oat of the tent ; I thought it was best to let Jack fight with his grief alone. I knew what a blow this was to him. He had not been working for himself, hut for his Lizzie ; and just at the moment of success, to hear that she was dead — it was terrible 1 He wob in a dreadful bad way about it. As I sat outside the tent, smoking, I heard him talking to him self, strangely. We had left the cake of gold upon the table. r: " ' You glittering devil,' I heard him say, 4 whyj- did you lure me away from my Lizzie ? If it 1 hadn't been for you, I should, never have left home, and we should have been together how. What would it have mattered if we had been poor ? Why did I fly from happiness to you. you false, cruel devil ?' " I wouldn't have him disturbed the whole of that night. I knew that all the talking in the world wouldn't eae him. But when J . saw him in the morning, I rubbed my eyes, aridathought that I could not be awake. He was sitting uL the bench, with his face resting in his hands, star ing fixedly at the cake of gold. He had evidently not moved from his seat during the whole night and during the night his hair had turned as white as silver! That was bow he got to be called u acit lfcried to him, but the answers he gave me were so vague and wandering, that I was afraid he had gone mad. 1 saw at once that he was very ill, so I ran for a doctor, who told me that my mate had gone in strong for the brain fever. Sureenoiigh, he had, We thought hi would rier have come out of it, and it s my belief to this day, that he never peS ! 0116 strangest things hadn't hap- 44 1 should say it was six weeks after Jack had been stmckdown. I had nursed him all the time (he wouldn t let Serious Muggins come near him), and the doctor said he couldn't last another week! How poor Jack raved while in that fever ' I wonder that mohair didn't torn white through the frights he gave me. He used to fancy Lisrie was in the tent with him, and he talked to her so naturally, sometimes Waiting f< her answers, that often during his pauses, I- turned my -head lmlf expectmg itof eeJri?is/'white fefr shoulder. I was sitting at the door of fee tefit one evening, listening to Jaokj.mutterings, for \- His tongue never; seemed to stop. I was very troubled ; you see I liked Jack : amazingly, and I pitied him, and edtild eVmpa- jthise with him, for, as I told you, I hadheeh to ; love myself. Of oourte, my pipe was in my i mnth. What should we. do without tobacco, I W P yu know» 1 think tobaecoprevents ! E Si « fekchief. .What used weto say at fatan finds some mischief still, for idle hands to do.' But a man isn't idle when he "M a pipe in his month it is booupationfbr fe And you may laugh at me, if you please j it is > ele vating too. Men den't plan murder when they have pipes in their mouthB. They've got some thing else to do ; they've got to smoke and tiuDK — and thinking, when you re smoking, is generally good thinking. I could philosophize on this for an hour, but it's time I finished my story. 1 will that I look upon tobacco as a real good mend. . 41 Well, on this evening, I was sitting at the door of the tent, when who should I see ccupwg .along the igully where our tent was pitched, hjit p Woman. Our tent, was nearly at the foot of the gully, and, of course, there was a hill shelving inty it. Isaw the woman at the first pomt f Mamfc on that hill, and it almost seemed as iQshe tn out of the sunlight. There were half|a dozen tfete Scattered about, and Bhe stopped .ntone joi them and asked something. Imaginemy surprise when I saw the digger to whom she had Sj»kon-' point to our tent, and when I . saw her - walking quickly towards me! . 44 She was a. pretty, modest-looking lassie, and. had a quiet, self-poSsCssed air about her, which took. me mightily. I was thinking over in my mind all sorts of things as to her, when she came up . My hftiy stood on end , and 'my knees began to shake, for I had seen the picture. Silver-headed Jack -sec such great store en, : and this lassie's - face so resembled it, that. I thought I was looking at a ghost. Ihelieye, if I hadn't been, so. com pletely dumbfounded, I should have run away. 44 4 Does John Stavely live here ?" &Bked; my ghost. 44 John Staveley was Silver-headed Jack's proper name. '"He's living here, miss,' said I, 'and he's dying here.' 1 " ' My God!' she exclaimed, and as she stag gered, I caught her in my arms. ' Don't tell me that !' " 4 Who are you ?' I asked. 44 4 My name is Elizabeth Truelove,' she an- Bwered. 44 4 Jack's Lizzie ?' I cried. 44 4 Yes,' she said. Don't tell me that he's dying. " 4 He's dying because he heard that you were dead,' I said. 4 You aren't dead, are you ?' " ' No,' she said, holding out her hand. A true woman's lovable little hand— real pleasant flesh and blood. " ' I think I can see through it,' I said, when I was convinced she wasn't a ghost. 4 Jack's very ill. If anybody can save him, you can. But don't be frightened when you see him. He is much changed. His hair turned snow-white the night he heard you were dead. I've been his nurse till now. You may as well go in and take my place.' "£!he glided, past me, and I walked away. I went straight to where I knew I should find Serious Muggins. He was in a concert-room, drinkiDg with a lot of diggers. I went up to him quite coolly and Blapped his face. He started to his feet, and asked me what I meant by it F " You're a lying scoundrel,' I said; 'and if you don't understand what I meant by the first tap, I'll give yon another.' And I gave him another — a pretty smart one, this time. '' He was bound to fight, you Bee. We went outride, and the diggers made a ring. 44 4 Now, mates;' I said, as I was tucking up my sleeveB : he had stripped off his shirt. ' You all know me pretty well. I have never done a dirty action in my life, and I never mean to do .one. This fellow has done the meanest thing I ever heard of. When I have polished him off, I'll tell you what it is ; and then, if you don't think I've done right, you can throw me in the creek, if you like.' " Serious Muggins fought like a devil. X must do him the justice to eay that he was, physically, a brave man. But he had been drinking for a good many weeks, and that told on hiim. I don't think I should have licked him hnfc fnr thnf.. a it was, after an hour's hard fighting, when I was pretty well done myself, he threw up his arms. Then, I told the diggers the trick he had played Silver- headed Jack, and how the woman he had said was dead was nursing- my mate at the moment I was speaking. If Muggins hadn't been lying nearly lifeless on the ground, they'd have tarred and feathered him. As it was, they declared they would do so the next day. But the next day he was gone, and I never heard any thing more of him. He left a rioh claim behind him, and it was out of his share of that claim I bought my first team. : " When I got back to the tent, there was Lizzie Truelove nursing poor Jack as tenderly — as a woman, I was going to say. That would: have been a nice bull, wouldn't it? Do you know, that. although she hadn't been in the tent two hours, it had got quite a different look in that short time. What a little treasure that woman is ! It did me good to look at her ! It appears that Muggins had intercepted all the letters ; and Lizzie, uneasy at not hearing from Jack, and being sure of his constancy, had come out by herself to ! earn what had become of him. That was faithful love, wasn't it ? I don't think I've any occasion to toll you that Jack got welL, He did get well, and he married his Lizzie after all. He gave up his own name, and took hers when they were married. But although he calls himself John Truelove, everybody else oalls him Silver-headed Jack." (TO BE COKTXSTUSD.) 