THE DEATH OF MRS. GALLOGLY. ! , -- , ^ TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-The death of the above lady has recalled to my mind an experience which, now that the inquest is over, I may relate I , had, many years ago, the great misfortune to allow myself to become a warder at the Yarra Bend Asylum, and while there it so happened that I fell into charge of one of the 'cottages' of that institution, wherein was an old sea captain, very rickedy, very mad, and subject to very severe and sudden epileptic fits. This old man's name was, I think, Grant. He used to call the cottage the "craft," the door the "deck," the sleeping rooms the "cabins," and verily believed himself, as insane sailors often do, to be aboard ship. One day this poor old fellow fell down on the hearthstone (while sweeping out the grate) in a very severe fit, and knocked himself about so much in it that when afterwards stripped he was found to be considerably bruised. A very trifling pressure, I may observe, will cause bruises on certain epileptics. As soon as I could safely leave this man I left him. I went for the doctor. (It was in Bowie's time.) He came and saw, and found what I could not find or did not know-the man in falling had fractured his skull (at the base) ; and a very bad frac- ture it was. Of course he lay perfectly unconscious, and breathed heavily and at long intervals. His face was quite blue. His shirt was covered with the blood which flowed from the wound at the back of his head, and from other wounds and scratches. This was at about 1 o'clock in the day. At 10 at night the doctor came again to see him. He lay then perfectly calm-almost breathless, almost pulseless. "You will have to stop up with this man," . said Dr. Bowie. ' ' till about 12 to-night ; he will die at 12." And I felt certain he would die about that hour, for the poor old doctor was accurate to a degree usually in fixing the period of exit. I made myself a fire in the adjoining parlour and got a book-taking a look every 15 or 20 minutes at the, as I thought, dying man, and affording him what little succour I was able. Twelve o'clock came and went. There was no change. One, two, three o'clock struck, and the man now appeared to be sleeping peacefully and breath- ing healthily. At about 4 o'clock I fell-as war- ders will-into a doze as I sat by the fire. In a few minutes-perhaps half an hour-I roused myself up and went to see how Grant was getting on. On looking round, oh horror! there in a chair close beside me, his shirt still covered with blood, and naked except as to this garment, sat the captain, quietly pulling away at his pipe and eyeing me very seriously and attentively! There were no "Spiritists" in those days ; they were the days of dreams and ghosts-was this a dream, was it a ghost? Somewhat cautiously, I went towards Grant's bed ; it was empty and the real Grant in the body it undoubtedly was now sitting smoking in a chair by the fire. He never spoke. I induced him to go into his "bunk" again, and one hour afterwards he was dead. . . Now, had this man died as he sat in the chair, and had Dr. Bowie so seen him after death, would he have believed that he found his way there by himself and without assistance? Would he have believed that he could find and light a pipe and smoke it in such a condition? He would not credit it, and very few men would. But the thing happened nevertheless.-Yours. &c;, H. R. RAE. Shamrock-chambers, Sandhurst, Dec, 29. 