THE RELIGION OF SHAKSPEARE, TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABO 08. Sir,-Your correspondent "Q;," in his letter in to-day's Argus, while alleging that in his first letter he "carefully guarded against attributing too much importance to any such writings of Shakspeare's as conveying his own sentiments," yet does not shrink from saying that "he prefers the soliloquy of Hamlet, which he now thinks quite as good as Soak speare's will." In other words, though he admits that Shakspeare puts into Hamlet's mouth words suitable to Hamlet's character, and into that of Claudius words suitable for " a villain, a smiling villain," yet they are, in the case of Hamlet, to be supposed to be also the words of Shakspeare himself, more truly than those which Shakspeare subscribed in his Will, which is said to have contained interlineations in his own handwriting. Credat Judous. For my part, I prefer Shakspeare's choice of words to that of " Q." But supposing that we were not in the fortunate position of having Shakspeare's statement of his faith vouched by his signature, is it at all clear that "Q." is correct in appealing to "Hamlet" in support of materialism ? In the first place it is Shakspeare himself who Bhowsus the "spirit of Hamlet's father. When Hamlet hears of the apparition, " Bo majestical, as the air invulnerable," He exclaims "My father's spirit In arms at all is not well," Hamlet is therefore by no means sceptical as to spiritual existence. Let me, however, cite a few more passages which Shakspeare puts in Hamlet's mouth " O that this too too solid (lah would most, ' Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew I O that the everlasting had not of Red His canoe against soil slaughter. Would I had met my dearest foe In heaven Or over I had seen that day, Horatio. If it assume my noble father's person I'll speak to It, though bell field should gape And bid me hold toy f- ace. Angels and ministers of grace defend us : Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned, living with thee airs from heaven, or blasts from hell?" And then that glorious passage, so like in thought and energy to the fine line which yEschylus puts in the mouth of Prometheus : "Ti it's ijwßoinJiu a gratuity on gloomier ;" -" Why, what should be the war I do not set my life at a pin's fee ; And for my soul ! what can it do to that, Being a thing immortal as itself?" If Hamlet, as "Q." suggests, may really be taken as expressing Shakspeare's "genuine sentiments, " how could more burning words be found to scorch into any dull materialist a conviction of Shakspeare's belief? " And what so poor a man as Hamlet is May do to express his love and friending toward you, God willing-, shall not lack." And, after the torture of his mind has made him with solemn awe give a pledge " Remember thee Aye, thou poor ghost- while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe." When railing at himself for shrinking from his dread duty, do the doubts of "Q," come into his mind ? Not at all "The spirit that I have soon May be a devil and the devil hath, power To assume a pleasing shape ; yes, and perhaps Out of my weakness and my melancholy (As he is very potent with such spirit;, Abuses me to damn me." Again, when he has almost worked himself up to the point of obedience to the ghost's behests, and finds the king praying Now might I do it pat, now he is praying, And t now I'll don't and so he goes to heaven ; And so am I revenged? That would be scanned : A villain kills my father; and, for that, I, his, sole soil, do this same villain send To heaven. And when he fears that Horatio, " more an antique Roman than a Dane, will rush after him to escape the ills of this world, does be then, in his supreme moment of death, express any doubt about the future to which his disembodied spirit will hurry ? Nay, he hails it as happiness : " O God I Horatio, what a wounded name, Things standing thus unknown, shall live behind me: if thou did'st over hold me in thy heart Absent thee from felicity awhile, And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain To tell my story." How can the passage quoted by " Q." be for OHO moment said to destroy the evidence of such a cloud of passages? But is it true that the celebrated soliloquy he quoted (and I might almost be pardoned for suspecting that he read it in come Enfield's Speaker, and was ignorant of the general text, especially as in his quotation he changes "despised" into "disprized") ; is it, true, I say, that this passage is pronounced materialism? On the contrary, it declares that the regard for the future makes them (shrink from rushing to it as if it were a blank ; it is because they cannot treat death ps a sleep that they continue to bear this mortal coil. They may not know what are the ills beyond the grave, but they are described as having good reason to know there are such things : " For who would fardels bear To grunt and sweat under a weary life J But that the dread of something after death the undiscovered country from whose bourn No traveller returns puzzles the will, And makes us rather bear those ills we have Than fly to others that he knew not of." There is nothing in the soliloquy out of keeping with the general' tenor of Hamlet's thoughts and conduct, Without attempting to revive the discussion so ably contained in your columns some time ago, I may refer to the fact, that even before he hears of the Ghost, Hamlet is made to groan in his spirit, and pray for dicta- tion and that in the last scene, when he SO touchingly asks pardon of Laertes, he says " You must needs have heard Mow I am punished with a Boro distraction. What I have done what might your nature, honour, and exception Kouchly'awako I hope proclaim was madness, Won't Hamlet wronged L .ertoa ? Never, Hamlet : If Hamlet from himself be taken away, " And, when he's not himself, does wrong, Lautos, Then Hamlet does it not. Hamlet denies it Who does It then? His madness: is it be so, | Hamlet is of the faction that is wronged : His madness is poor Hsmlot's enemy." I admit that it is improper to attempt to deduce Shakspeare's own opinions from the words he thought fit to put into the mouth of a character whom his art called upon him thus to draw ; but I think I have shown that the inference drawn by "Q." is not justified as applied even to Hamlet himself. If space wire available it would be easy to show that Murcollus, Horatio, the Queen, Laertes and upon Claudio, use words which imply their belief in the future and in the truths of religion. Many a rogue believes in the truth of principles by which he does not guide his conduct. But I will spare your readers. When I first saw " Q's" letter I was almost tempted to think that some defender of spiritualism had suborned "Q." to write a letter claiming Shakspeare as a materialist, merely to win an easy triumph by knocking down the puppet purposely set up. j How else, it may be said, could one account for a letter alleging that Shakspeare was a materialist, because, forsooth, he wrote a tragedy, the main incident of which was the appearance of the spirit of the Royal Dane Y" Jon l'J. 