REVIEW. SUMMER, DREAMINGS. By Charles F. Taylor. Fergusson & Moore, Melbourne. A presentation copy of a poem with the above title, written in Spenserian stanzas by a young man, who, we are informed, only recently attained his majority, has been sent to us for notice in our columns. The writer, we are further informed, is a colonial youth, a graduate of Melbourne University, and a barrister-at-law. The poem was composed as a theme to compete for the Shakspeare Scholarship of 1871 at Melbourne University, value £150 per annum, and tenable for three years. It gained the prize, and is now printed, and dedicated by permission to the Chancellor, Vice-Chancellor, and members of the Council of the University. The facts we have cited led us to apprehend a considerable display of ability in the poem, and we were not only not disappointed in our perusal of it, but met with more warmth of colouring, an easier melody, and a greater lyrical sweetness than we had anticipated. The subject versified is the "Midsummer Night's Dream." It may he looked upon as an act of presumptuous folly for a youth barely out of his teens to attempt to rewrite or refine upon Shakspeare's comedy; but it must be borne in mind that "Summer Dreamings" was not originally intended for publication, and was written only in the ordinary curriculum of academic pursuits. Moreover only the main plot of the play—the crossed loves of Hermia and Helena—is dealt with; and only the characters necessary to its due development figure in Mr. Taylor's production. The outlines of the poem are all Shakspeare's, and only such deviations have been made as were required in order to adapt them to the circumscribed limits imposed upon the writer. While, however, the framework must be ascribed to the great dramatist, the figures with which it is filled in are the creation of the youthful poet, and afford such indications of genius that we are tempted to look for something greater and original from the same pen on some future occasion. A few lines will show with what skill the " tender" subtlest passion of human nature is touched upon. "Love is a magnet. How it surely finds Its kin, though it be hid in many a fold! And, as the senseless steel together binds, Linking in one, so will love's influence hold Fast locked in bonds—but not of steel—of gold. Its undying constancy, even when unrequited, is also poetically expressed, thus:— "But yet the heart will love, though it be crushed By cruel wantonness; let but the wind Stir-the harp strings, 'tis long ere they are hushed, Long ere their trembling echoes are resigned; And, let the heart be moved, be sure thou'lt find Love's soft emotions lingering there anon, When that which stirred them hath long proved unkind." A keen discrimination too betwixt the genuine passion and that all- absorbing counterfeit which seeks only its own gratification, but is often mistaken for love, is shown in the following lines. Demetrius, it will be remembered, smitten with Hermia's charms, seeks to compel her to marry him by the authority of her father, who favours his suit. Mr. Taylor writes:— " He loved her not; for who, that loved, could steel A father's hand to deal the mortal stroke On one he loved ? Who ever dared to kneel And ask a tyrant for his country's yoke That was not traitor ?•" Music, too, is incidentally descanted upon. Congreve has tersely said— "Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak." Mr. Taylor appears to have adopted this couplet, and turned it into the following, not only venial, but elegant periphrasis:— " There is a sense, a spirit, and a power In every strain of music; but 'tis not Where many share the sweet harmonious shower That we regard it most. In some lone spot, Where earth and cold society are forgot, We only taste its true deep sentiment, Beside the sea, or in delightful grot, Or by some mountain whose bleak top is blent With the descending night in darkness imminent. Or, as the moonbeams through the forest stir, As if the ghost of the departed day Had stolen from his western sepulchre, If we shall stand and note the leaflets play With the night wind, the while some plaintive lay Creeps o'er our ear, we cannot choose but bow Beneath the gentle influence, or pay The tribute of a tear that fain will flow Unchecked, yet what we mourn we never seek to know. Ay, there is more in music than our ken Can comprehend or dream of. 'Tis a voice Which speaks from heaven to earth; from God to men, Plainly yet wordless still. Now 'tis its choice That we shall grieve. Anon we must rejoice To hear its exultations. Then in mute And awful wonder stand while it employs Its deep and sacred tones. Who dare dispute Its power to thrill, to awe, its magic to recruit?" Nor does Mr. Taylor confine himself to stereotyped modes of speech, as the expressive but antithetic phrase contained in the following lines will show:— . • . . . " The soft caress Of wooing winds, that loved to fan her brows, And from its bonds to loose some wayward tress, And fondle it in their rough tenderness." A moral, too, is sometimes deduced in passing, as— . . . . "'Tis but a breeze That blurs the peaceful landscape; but a sound That mars the sweetest harmony; and these Are but of angry words the types—the effigies." The description of the fairy-queen's abode is extremely beautiful, though the ideas are by no means all original. We quote two stanzas from it. " In the wood's depth a merry babbling brook, With harmony perpetual ever ran; Whose mystic cadences with pleasure shook The bending flowers that kissed it; yet for man Its songs no meaning had—how it began Its life 'mid mountain tops and glittering snows, And how its youth was passed where breezes fan The sunny hills, it told, where in repose Among the shadowy leaves the purple cluster glows. And then it sang of fields where, like a sea Of golden waters, swayed in many waves The ripening corn, which seemed in very glee To mock the angry ocean when it raves— Then sadly sighs the brook; for, while it laves Tie flower-clad banks, yet steadily it nears Its bright life's end—the sea, where are the graves Of streams both great and small—where from the tears Of parent clouds, went for the dead, no sign appears." We have now quoted sufficient to show the style of the poet, and to indicate what the reader may expect. But there are one or two verbal criticisms which we feel it due to Mr. Taylor to make. In the following quotation we fail to catch bis meaning:— " But soft! a breeze has stirred the forest leaves, . such, as when the Eastern isles outpour Their odour-laden breathy wherein we trace The wooing cedar's kiss, Hue wanton spice embrace!"' The italics are ours. If these words do not mean the "wanton spice's embrace," they mean nothing; while if they do, the rhythm of the verse is destroyed. Again, in the 33rd stanza we find— "Upon the sward rich comfits nectar and sparkling dew," as a specimen of Alexandrine verse. In two instances the verb "to lie" has been confounded with the verb " to lay," and we find these remarkable sentences— - "Why listless lays the brush her touch was won't to guide." " Now must he lay on roses like themselves.'* In throwing the accent upon the final syllable in the substantive "perfume" Mr. Taylor only follows the example of Pope and other great poets ; and perhaps it is only fair, if the substantive is to usurp the pronunciation of the verb, that the encroachment should be equated in the same stanza by the past participle's adopting the pronunciation to which the noun is entitled. Thus:— "And laden with perfume, comes stealing o'er." And "Of flowers, of herbs, of all the perfumed race." We fail to see any reason why in" " Summer Dreamings" Hermia should be made to fly from Helena, while in Shakspeare Helena flies from Hermia. True, in his preface, Mr. Taylor admits that the poem differs from "A Midsummer Night's Dream" in several" minute particulars," but we understand the alterations to have been made for the purposes of adaptation ; this change, therefore, is unnecessary. But these, after all, are verysmall objections to a book which contains so much that is pleasing and meritorious, and we only raise them now so that in future editions they may be amended. The poem is printed upon toned paper, in clear type, and issued in a very neat and cbaste binding by Messrs. Fergusson and Moore, Melbourne. BONUSES FOR NEW INDUSTRIES. —The subjoined is a copy of the petition from the Chamber of Manufactures to the House of Assembly on the subject of bonuses:—"The memorial of Samuel Davenport, Caleb Peacock, J. A. Holden, A. Simpson, and Thomas MacDoBald, members of the Standing Committee of the Chamber of Manufactures, and of Septimus V. Pizey, Honorary Secretary of the said Chamber, respectfully showeth—That the principle of encouraging by bonuses the development of industries conducive to public wealth has acquired importance by the common consent and practice of civilized nations. That to ordinary reasons for adopting bonuses special force attaches in the case of a young and small community possessed of numerous undeveloped resources. That their adoption heretofore in this colony has usefully and economically stimulated enterprise, as your memorials believe, and as witness progress in the production of fibres, flax, woollen goods, &c.; Your memorialists therefore respectfully petition your honourable House to continue the moral and material support of voted bonuses to such productions as your House' in its wisdom may deem worthy of encouragement. And your memorialists," &c.; EXTRAORDINARY CURE RY AN ABORIGINAL.— The Upper Bogan correspondent of the Dulbo Dispatch relates the following:—" A black boy, about ten years old, some seven weeks since cut his finger all but off—it only hung by a bit of skin. . I told a gin to cut it off, as the bone and the two joints were cut, but she got some boxtree leaves, warmed them before the fire, placed his finger straight, and wrapped the leaves around it, tied it up, and after awhile no person could tell the finger had been cut into." SUNKEN TREASURE.—The Nimrod, cutter, was secured by Captain Wells as an attendant upon operations at the wreck of the Fides in Snug Cove, Kangaroo Island;and the diver, who has been below, found that there is ample inducement to continue. The vessel has opened out, and most of the lighter part of the cargo has disappeared. That portion remaining consists of metal work in copper, brass, and iron; and to properly conduct the undertaking the Nimrod has been 'placed on the bank, overhauled, and refitted. Her return will be anxiously looked for, as the diver promises to send half a cargo to show the promoters of the recovering enterprise what sort of a deposit will be rescued from the treasures of the deep. NATIVE ART.—Information was received in Maryborough (says the Chronicle) that Mr. Dalrymple has discovered a cave in the ranges near Cardwell covered with extraordinaiy pictures of known and unknown birds and beasts, some apparently monkeys. The groundwork is deep red, and the figures are in white and blue. Some of the figures appear to be very ancient, while others are compartively modern. The cave is away from the coast up in the range. AUSTRALIAN ALLIANCE ASSURANCE COMPANY. —In our business columns will be found the tenth annual report of the above Company. It exhibits a result which must ba highly gratifying to tbe shareholders, and is likely to produce in the minds of insurers increased confidence in the stability of the office. It appears that while dividing as much as 50 per cent, on the original paid-up capital among the proprietory the 6um of £32,371 10s. 3d., or more than three times the amount required to pay this dividend, is added to the reserve. That fund has now reached £93,377 5s. 2d., or rather more than four and a half times the capital that has been actually contributed by the shareholders. OVERLAND TO PORT DARWIN.— The Brisbane correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes:— Remote as we are from the centre of excitement with regard to the Port Darwin fields, there are some few adventurous spirits here who contemplate making tracks thither overland, undeterred by the long journey and the near approach of the warm and rainy season. One of the principals in the party is a Mr. George Bourne, who accompanied Landsborough's expedition in search of Burks and Wills, and who is therefore not unacquainted with a portion of the country through which the expedition will have to pass. 