Lljdii3tiA,TrVK AS9I5MJUA".' Tuesday; 23rd Ju!r» In reply to ft question by Mr. Berry tho lion. Chief Secretary said Lout Kimberley's dospatoh had boon received and was under the consideration of the Government. Mr. Mason gnvo notice of his intention to ask a question as to tho employment of females in the Telegraph Olllco. In reply to a qucstim from Mr. AVoods tho lion. Chief Secretary said (hat tho House would ait to jtsorrow (W'cdnosdayjlmtil the refreshment hour. In reply to Mr. l&v;^tes tho lion. Ohict Secretary said that nothing, dilinito would he done in tho mutter of the borderduties tictsyeon Victoria and Nerf South Wales 'tntil the mutter hurt befin full lhitced to tho Lcgisktivo Assembly. Jlr. LeVicri gave liltiCo that lie should move that a bonus of .Co,000 le given for tho encouragement of the production ofolivo oil. The House was (hen summoned (o witness the gubernatorial assent to certain bills in tho Upper House, and on Heir return, Mr. Crews oslced the lion, ihe Chief Secretary if it. is (lie ii'leution of tho IJoveriimont to make provision foi'.'he maintenance of the main roads of the colony wilt (he view of abolishing tolls. Mr. (<iil»«t said the matter had its dillleultios, slid ho could lift at pu'sont niakc uny prunti.<o .hiring tlii) session, but lie should bo happy to receive any suggestions on the subject. Mr. J.vnes called the attention of the lion, the Minister of Mines to a statement ill tho papers ro s|H'cting the survey of a pipe track from the Stony Creek Reservoir, preparatory Id laying pipes for conducting water, instead of tliroilgh the open aii^duct already made; ,aiitt asked what Steps lie intti.ds to take in tlie matter. . 7i\v. Sliickay was understood to veply that both "PoMicl S.inkoy and Mr. Gordon wore ill favor of l-he (ipe system as against the open aqueduct.. J>H Lovieu asked the lion. the Chief Secretary vhetier tho policy of the present tioveriiluent is froo-frn.de or proteclion. Iitr.Francis said that the policy. 6T tlio Govern ment hud been pretty fairly expounded, and ho therefore could nut Oiler the lion, member further explication. Sir. limit drew attention to a paragraph in tho Arpus, -die truth of which he denied, ami said that ho bad been misrepresented. The various resolutions passed in Comniittoo of Supply^ wore lien brought , up for report. The resolutions were' reported and adopted. The House then went into Committee of Supply, when ?? lengthy debate took place ovqr the item for tho construction of the. JCoi t!)-east(nn liailway .ex tension, in which BJessrn. Woods, Kcrferd, Ilaricer, slid (iillies too!; jr.iit. [Left speaking.] SOTlCf.S. Mr. Mason-To ask tho lion. I'oslmaster-fieneral whether it is his intention to have those ladies who have recently passed the examination in t elegraphy, ftlipi\inted U) positions in the public soivice, and if ho vrill tak-i into consideration their claims in all future appointments in his department. Tilu RIVERS.-Tho Murray at liohuca, on Friday night, registered 28 feet .'i inches above summer level. By tclcgVam we learn that at Wahije.nyah ilwiyi 18 feet G inches; and lit Allniry, 12 feet i'lclics-failing, and lit Swan Hill, 12 feet; and that the Murrumbidgee at Ilay was 22 feet 10 inches. Xiivtinc Herat >1. JtlNlNV. Uxdkii r.HH.iG B'JIt.DlNils.-Wo learn from tlie HaUnrut Courier that a little sensation was caused on Monday, when it wa.; found that the ground was subsiding in tlie neighborhood of tho Alfred Hall, from tha workings of the Gravel Pits Company, and that several surface cracks liavo been 'discovered running under tho Orderly Hoom. ilie market sheds, and at tho rear of the hall itself. Mr. Cmnam states that some months ago ho could Masting operations underneath the hall, and vMUim^ie last two or threo weeks the doors at tho north en»,.,£ tj,e assembly Voom have got fully an inch out of f|uinb, and cannot bo closed through sulking ol jloor. Several councillors and ex ejunciUoi's wer* on (,jle ground yesterday, and a surveyor was sent do\ri, th,: claim, but we havo not i tho vesulfc of his iuTo.stiu;ations, The Discission* ON" SHKITISM between Mr. I>l;ur Mid Mr. Tyerman was continued Oh Monday m ihe Independent Hall, l\u;< ^ell-street, Mv. F. L;\1I, P.M., in the chair* The hall was crowded with listeners, win* lv thoir cheers and hisses showed thoir keen interCM. t.ho progress of tlvo discussion. Mr. Blair had <u,udodlv thO btfafc ot tho ar^iimeut, and dealt a fatal hlo* doctrines of spiritism by quoting tho coi>tra<t\cuM-y dogmas of Us oracles, sotrro of whieh Were abauU, and others hUspiuitnous. Mr. Tyerman, for pi^of of tho Jo.dity of the Uianifestations, adducedstatements ?of several persons, most of them from Yankee land, and claimed that in theft wns testimony strong enough to satisfy a court of law. $>. lilair c.dUvd thess Yankee ghost stones. l^heVt is to bo a third discussion on ?I\1[0i\dcvjv liight next.-Tdc I\iK. P>:uMt5SiVT: -The licensed victuallers .ind'etiiers iritamstod in the liquor trade mustered largely on Monday. .it St. George's Hall, for the l»urpo50 of expressing th«ir strong opposition to the 1 rc-nviissivo I>ill, now before the Legislative As- t vcmhly. Then: wove only two resolutions submitted I" the nuoti'.i'J!, but they were to the pbiiit, aftd wen- carried unanimously. It Ytas allied by the I sl"'.i!cers that compulsory legislation on such a .-uiiject :uust o? necessity be a iailuu, as shown by the results of previous trials in other countries, and it waj r.iso pur to the meeting i.liat vesUd interests would lie unfairly dea.il with, inasmuch as the , of legislation /or the past twenty yet.rs lud to encourage the. trade; whilts no prmnion ?*'as made in the hill for compensating those w>.o ' '.vuuld be to all intents ruined after the Xlst Dccent W next under the provision? of the !)th clause of the measure. Mr. Munro, one of the moat promi nent advocates of the Permissive Bill, opposed the Resolutions, and interjected some remarks. Ho was threatened with ejection from the hall, and kul ir. not linen for interposition or several gentlemen on the platform the threat would in vvit^My have been carried out; as it Was lie was rather strongly referred to by one of the ^takers.--Arc. I 