Jav'lin and Hamlet, Compared. THE following correspondence lia1» taken placo botwcon ' Pooping Tom,' Into pf Ihe Australasian, and one styling himself ' Hamlet's Ghost ;' and as the lcUors.havo appeared in different parts of 'Tho Mighty Eugine' our readers will, most of them, Uko to Bee them together. It will be soon that tho missive of Peeping Tom wa? imbi ¡shed in The "Weekly Times, tho reply appearing in Tho Australasian ; but although tho letters contain- little except personal laudation, and its opposite, with tho ropetltlon of individual opinion« on the crack three-year-olds, it is not unlt.tcrcsting to road what these opinions have been, whonce derived, how acted up to, and with what cleverness toyed and fenced with during a twelve month of in-and-out running by two of tho btßt colts Australia ever saw. Peeping Tom writes : . PEEPING TOM ' AKD THE AUSTRALASIAN. TO THIS E I. ITO R OF THE WEEKLY TIMES. ' Angels and ministers of grace defend us.' SIR,-I cannot help having just a little quite chuckle 'to> myself, for it was only six months ago th« I was ' Hamlet, mad,' but now I am net m id at all. PruviouB to the Rand wick Spiing Meeting. I wroto that he was good enough to wini I a dozen ' blue ribbons,' and tipped him for both the Derby and Metrop., and even nfior his unaccountable running in< tho forntor event, still stuck to him for tho latter race. He» won neither: 1 was a muff 1 The Auttralastan carno outs with a crushing leader on turf prophets and their prophecies^ 1 How aro th* m ghty fallen : tho great Hamlet only third la the Derby: tho horse that<ould run Tim Whiffler any dis tance up io three miles : tho horso that was to rival The Birt) : our representative has put us in the hole ;' anil so on in this sneering way at its own tur/ contributor-myself-and wouud up ita humiliating strictures thus ; ' Oh. " Peeping Tom," for a moment think What meagre prot\ts spring from pen and ink. When thus devoted to prophetic dreams, Who will pcruso thy too misguiding reams?' Even tho very facotious '.Tosophus' in those days on 'T6» Ring ; Hs Haunt« and its Votaries," had also a fling »t ' P.T.*" making him any, 'Yes, Hamlet is a great horse, but tak my advic, kep yor monoy ia yer pocket.' Tho tr cote)* twang ia: not good, but il is not so bad for a Yorkshireman to attempt. Then the public followed suit, especially those who lost their 'money.- It could hardly be othorwlse upon the principle of kicking a man when he is down, felled I y such a blow from so unexpected u quarter-that was tho funny part ol it. But, sir, I felt it not ; I could alford to laugh at my slayer, know ing that my condition waa good, and that I was the greater proficient iu the art. so, Uko tho Tipton Hasher 1 carno tc tho scratch again all Mulling, and on the 27th of Sep tember, I wrote ia reply :-' Public performances, con dition, Randwick gallops, all pointed to Buch a. result. if Hamlet did not win tho Derby, it was a ,t Hamlet's fault, for his gallops beforo the rac« and hs gallop« after in the Produce Stakes and, Randwick Plato uro convincing proofs that ho could havo won twenty Derbys :'and a;<aia, 'I am not going intoHhe proa. and cona of Hamlet's defoat in tho Metrop., for the slmplo reason, tcannot fathom them, and most people aro in th» same predicament as myself. I am satisfied, however, that time will show him to be the greatest oolt the colonies ever saw, &c; ' I was to:d in return that I was altogether mis Ukon about Hamlet, that ho waa not tho groat colt, whose praise I wan always singing, and that it would be aeon, for his trainer hud confidentially said so. I could well afford to lauyh at such unsophisticated simplicity I Tho same authority also lcd his f lends provlous to the Victorian Dtroy, that. Hamlet waa a stone netter horse than hu ever was. Even my friend * Pegasus' gloried ovor tho defoat of Hamlet-he could nat have him at any price ; ho was a three- cornered, animal s and he could not believe in anything that cama cut of th» Rose of Denmark ' Orango Blossom' followod. suit as to. shapes, deolard that ho was soft, that he could not stay,, that ho had had knoe action, and thai,ho could not ba trained in St. Kilda Park, ic. Nothing daunted, in lovlew lng tho chances of thu Melbourne Cup horses, tho very next, week 1 wrote the following :-' Ham lot cornea last, although^ not least, and if 1 wore to select him for tho winner of the, Cup, soma people might gay I had Hamlet on tho brain, bub as Hamlet had method in his madness, so have I, and as ha followed hU lather's gtiost, so 1 intend to follow him, ' Bo he a spirit ot health ora goblin damned.* His deieit in tho Randwick Derby is attributed In certain quarters to his non- ataylng powers It struck me from tho w*y he came homo in tho Produce Stakes wltfe Oat 21b on his back, carrying hts jockey in his mouth, tfeat he could havo gone for a week, and tho latter part of his journey in tha three-mile raco un Saturday under my watch told me that there was no lack of stay Ins power in his composition. I have already written enough «s to tho running, wins and defeats of this coit, and 1 should say that tho public, Uko myself, ara lio trtily slclt of him. Whethurthey will trust him to carry acy u\oro of their ' sugar' in the Cup is neither hero nor th.arc, b\\\t of this I am aonfldent, that he will win a big rac« bi {oro long, and that it would not bo throwing away good money alter bad to invest a trifle every time he runs, . (or ho is the greatest colt, not excepting tho Barb or ilia 'Hook, ever bred in these colonies.' Time euros all things- Hamlet's easy win of the St. Leger at Melbourne; his sudden but strange collapso when leading half a nv lo from homo, in tne Australian Cup ; his eaiy win in tho * ardwick -t. Leger, his unfortunate st »rt in th» "old Cup, and his close finish with The Prophet giving him 71b, in the fastest timo on iccord ; his winning cantería I tho Mi ased staked, and his wind-up in tho Queen'* Plat», throe mi'es, oaslly in Gmin 42.ee, carr>ing 7st 131b, ought to ' ho damning evidence agninst hasty conclusions and unjust deductions. When Hamlet started for thu L\eiby at Rand wick, a to 1 was laid on him ; when he started for tho St. Loger 3 to 1 was laid aguln&t; him. X do not say that thia chango of public conlidenco had any thing to do with his los ing or winning ; I only mention tho clrcumbtanco as being a utrnugo coincidence Notwithstanding that Hamlet was an ugly brute, could novqr bo indued in St. KilJa Park; and tuat ho waB Boft in his condition (because forsooth, he was a Ireu tweator), and not» ithstaiidtng that ho ia throo cornered and out of the lioso of Denmark (ona of tho very besi breed in tho world), and notwithstanding Mr. Dowllng't assertion to tho Australasian that they would find out thai Hamlet wits not tho great horso I said ho was; and notwith standing tho Australasian's opinion ot my judgment, Hannie has proved himself all I said ho would, nial I maintain ho ia thu greatest colt ever bred in theso colonies. I givo Mr Dowling credit for his well laid scheme, and only regret ihn his abi ilion wero not bott» r regarded, owing to an unfortunat circumstance upsetting ono of I ho greatest coups eve attempted with a three-year-old, and so nearly landed toe ns winning the St. Leger, Gold Cup, AU Aged Stakes, an Queen's Plate at ono meeting, and which evon makes Fist hook's triple victory look smuU. I said at tho common« ment that 1 waa only enjoying a little quirt laugh. *lAjVia r .tired into Ihe shades ol prlvato.buslnu. s, lani now at llberl to do as I ploaxu, but it will bo a consolation to tho Austral asian to know that I havo atuok to ray opinion about Hatnlc to the last, and that 1 do not feel the least compunction c ' ÜQ ou, I'll follow theo I'-HAMLET. X am, ito., P REPINO TOM., 