A GHOST STORY"., ^Transcribed from the Shorthjand Magaz ne by Spencbr S.~k " So you really believe in ghosts* dbyoUy.ray friend ?" "Yes, certainly I doy" said ray * yoang travelling companion, as we wepe rusliing along in the nigh,t express last winter. We liad been talking for some time ob! dif ferent subjects, and among other thin°K had been commenting on the representation" t>£ "Havalet" at the Lyceum, and my friend re*~ marked that the ghost was not quire correctly managed. The conversation having thus turned upon this most interesting topic—* - " How do you know what a ghost should be like ?" I asked. " Have you ever seen one?" " Yes. Have you ?" " Well, not exactly; but let me have your story first." " All right," said myfdiow-travel.'er—adding significantly, " but you won't laugh so much .by the time my story is concluded. " A winter or two ago I was staying at my uncles country place in Devonshire, and we used frequently to go shooting together. One evening we were coming across the park preserve (which was kept in excellent order), when in the dusk I observe! aheap of old ruins, overgrown with ivy and surrounded with bushes and long withered grass. This presented such a contrast to the surrounding objects, that I asked why such an unsightly heap of rubbish was left standing wheneverything else appeared to have been so carefully looked after. "' Ah, Ned.' said my uncle," 4 you are. not the first who has asked me to put that place in. order. Why, my dear fellow,.I can't get a man to touch a stone of it.* " * Why, what are they afraid of ?' " ' Well, they say it is haunted ; and do yon know, my lad, I think so too. There is some thing very strange about the place. I won't • tell you any more at present; but you can see* for yourself, if you like, and don't mind turning out at 12 o'clock some night. X-shall not come with you though, and there is^no one 1 else you can get, I am certain.' u At this I was rather amused than other wise • and not bang superstitious, said I. would go. ' Who cares for ghosts?' said I. I re 1 member being informed by the old nurse that Old Bogey would have , me if I did not go to j sleep. But that threat did not send me to sleep ! any sooner ; and as Old Bogey uever arrived, I had no more belief iu ghosts than you. w* Alii very well,' said my uncle, 'just as ' you like; but if any harm comes of it, I " not responsible.' j " Of course [ was in high feather when I [ arrived at The Cedars. Ah !' said the old butler, when he heard what I was going to do, 4 don't you go nigh the place, Master Ned. There's not 4 soul for. miles round would go near the Wither^ Elm for their lives.' . J "'So you call it the Withered Elm, do you ? Why i« that?' " ' "Cause there was an elm there once ; and of a sudden, one night, it broke off with a I fearful, noise, though- there was not a breath of • wind stirring—and there itlays.' . \- ** 'Stuff and nonsense!' was my ungracious , «piy- = . " How slowly the time seemed to pass 1 At last I thought it time to start. Wrapping my-t j self up well, and taking a lantern, I set out; I but somehow, as X beard the wind moaning dismally through-the trees^at ihe edge-©f-tbe plan latitat, I *iid not feel quite so courageousas wheahI Jeft:?the house.; The Eiiow now com menced faliing,an<l the wiml was bitterly-cold. Should vlvreturng; . Wouldssihey not- laugh/ati the ghost-hunter if he returned , without attain-j ingi his -object ?• '+.not : a bit of it,' Isjid^ andAried.jtb persuade. myself vihat I was? not i afraid»j.i But I ~ ireot.-i8< few-pacea fprward, .»|ifl .at ^achstep.Iadvanjced r Ifelrapeculiar sens^t jonereep oyer roe. j Theu; I stumbled,over 4 I&rgej; stone, iand .the lantern; went: spinning,. octt .of my haud5 aud ,the iight was extinguished. This little misfortune was Bot at all calculated ;to. lend courage to my • heart ; and now. that ,1 was in the dark Ifancied ■ theremiy^# be something,peculiar, about the •. Withered ,jEIoj^ I lopked ^ibout. roe, and, catching sight of a light:,, from one of s the win dows of ,the mansion, I ran towards it as? hard as I: could—never stopping, until I was safe inside-the hall-rjoor.. Hallo!. who's that?' cried my uncle, as I entered the room. "'Only me,' said I, feeling uncommonly* email. "' Well, you've made good use of your time, young gentleman. J fear .you did not make a ▼ery close.. acquaintance with your midnight friends/ " There was no help for it—I told all, and ' got well laughed at for my puns. However, ! when I-got snug in-bed my courage .hegan .to . revive, and I resolved to try again some night— if possible without ietting^any we know.. . " lhe next day passed very pleasantly for me, notwithstanding a good deal of amusement at my exjieose. when: the family was assembled at meal-time. I had nowresolutelyroade up mv mind that nothing should: prevent my: solving the mystery of the Withered : Elm at the first favourable opportunity. That I. might not lose my way in the dark, I had gone over; the ground leading to the ruins during the day, and also satisfied -myself that no tricks were being played. "A suitable: time at last arrived, and, equipped in the same manner as on the. previous occasion, I set out; but when about half-way to the ruins the door of the lantern by some mischance became unfastened, and the light was extinguished by tbe wind. In my anxiety toi leave the house unobserved i had forgotten to supply myself with matches. I noticed, to my great consternation, that the light went out while I was passing die same spot where 1 stumbled. the flight before. -' It being: > very gloomy, and fearing, that I. might meet , with some mishap,:I retraced my steps, but bad not proceeded.. far when the village clock struck twelve! Hardly had the echo of the toll faded, ■when a freezing blast swept across the park, and 3 heard three fearful shrieks—cries that 1 shall never forget. All my courage forsook me in an instant, and I made my way back to the Hall as fast as possible, and straight to my room, where J remained till nest morning* ■ " * Ned,* said my uncle at.tbe breakfast-table, ' Ned, you don't look well. I fear you over fatigued yourself yesterday/ Nothing, uncle/ I said, anxious to avoid being questioned. "' Ghost-bunting again—that's it," said my uncle. "* Now, do you think it likely that I would try that game again after the other night ?" WeUy I don't know," said my uncle; "there's no accounting for what wild young fellows will do in these days. But I tell you what it is, Ned ; if you think of having another ghost hunt, take my advice—don't/ " ** seemed of no use trying to conceal my adventure, so I gave a full account of my excur sion to the ruins- and wheu my story was concluded every one looked anxious. "lhe end of my visit was drawing to a dose; and though I dare say you will think 1 was effectually cured of my ghost-hunting pro pensities, such was not the case. On the contrary ; the more l thought of the Withered Elm, the stronger became my desire to gratify my curiosity. At last the subject so filled my thoughts that I was unable to sleep by night or enjoy the society of my cousins by day. Even a certain beautiful blue-eyed and golden-haired i little being had no further charms for me i I could bear it no longer; and urged by an im pulse I was unable to withstand, I resolved that, whatever might come of it, I would make another attempt to reach the Withered Eim. " On a beautiful moonlight night in the firet week in January, having screwed up my courage to the requisite pitch, I set forth, lantern in hand, towards the ruins. The moon shone so brightly that the lantern was of little use. I proceeded steadily onward across the frozen snow, and soon came in sight of the Withered £Im. Presently I happened to turn my bead, and to my surprise saw a keeper walking beside me. * So my uncle sent you to look after me, I suppose?' No answer. I repeated the sentence in a louder, tone, but still received no reply. " The keeper advanced rapidly before me, and once turned his head to beckon me to fol- ! low. I was rather pleased at having a com panion, arid begati to talk ; but my guide held up his hand and motioued me to be silent. We had now arrived at the ruiiis, and as we did so, a cloud overshadowed the moon. I turned to speak to the man; but although a moment be fore he was close beside me, be vanished from my sight. I omitted to mention that my lantern had suddenly gone out at the same place as on the two previous occasions ; but, it being a bright night, I had not noticed the circumstance. I! was now alone, at a few feet from the Withered Elm—in darkness, for the moon was still clouded. Then a strong gust of wind blew over the ruius, and in another instant there was a rustling among the withered grass of the thicket, caused by the breeze, and I saw such a sight as I hope I may never, never again behold. Two figures suddenly appeared, as if from the air. One resembled the man whom I had followed to the ruins; the otber I could oot recognise, but he was dressed as a gentleman In shooting costume, and wore an Expression of deep melancholy on Jlis features, I tried to run away, but was un able to ciove. I shut my eyes; but the figures Were ftill" visible. Tbe men seemed" talking Tapidly,-eacbgetting-more^xcitedas the t»n* versation proceeded. Suddenly a voice - said dose tp me, ~*Jjo6k i / liook!,! Look! ! l' but I knew not who; Was -the speaker. : I could not but obey, andisaw-the keeper spring upon the 'gentleman, who 1 thought appeared like his roaster. . A fierce struggleensued., r At length; the keeper, threw his antagonist upon the ground,: and fwitb .»■* Hudgeoncommenced beatingbiB 'victim 4u « fearful > manneri- ^I tried to rush forward, but foundtnyself fixed to theground. ■Blow Bucceededblow,. and :with three shrieks the master expired,.and the keeper, basing, hid den the body amongst the bushesj the scene finished, and st ®Hence reigned around which op pressed me almost worse than-the terror ofthe «cene had done. I did notlose my conscious ness ; but h^thediB perspiration, and with trembling steps, I reached tbe house and retired to rest.: The next; morning I ~ told the ;old butler what I - had seeri, and asked him if be ! could giveme. any explanation. He declared - that l was die only person 'who had been near tbe place atnight for many years. He told nSe that in days gone by my tmcle'« estate belonged to a wealthy nobleman, who iept a great deal bf game for his friends* shooting when on a visit to The Cedars. - Several keepers were of course required. ; Among themwas a - man named ' Corlet, who was no particular favourite among the other servants, but who contrived- to gain • the confidence of bis master. - For many years -' things went on very well at The ^Cedars, till there was some suspicion that Coriet was con nected witha set of poachers, to whom he sold his masters game. This having.come to:the knowledge of the Earl, he questioned Coriet ; but the keeper said he was not the man to be | called a * thief* by any one, and without giving any explanation left the place the sameevening. The vacancy was soon filled, aud nothing more was heard of the matter.. One evening in the same winter the guests were assembled for dinner, waiting the return of the' Earl, who had gone out for a little quiet shooting. Tbe hour had passed, and he did not arrive. As be never staid away in the evening without having made known his inten tion, the Countess, became much alarmed.' 'Another hour passed, and the Earl did not make bis appearance. At last it was thought desirable to send one of the men to search, for. him. A groom volunteered , to go, and took with him a pointer, a great favourite of bis master's. They had walked about three quarters of a mile when the dog became much excited, and did all he could to attract the man's attention. The groom understood the dog's meaning, and followed him to the ruins of an old cottage, where he was horrified by the sight of his master's body almost buried in some large stones, which had evidently been so placed as to conceal it. Assistance was immediately pro cured and the body was removed to the Hall, and buried a week after in a beautiful church yard iu the valley. The murderer was dis covered, tried, fonnd guilty, and executed. Before his death he confessed that from tbe night lie left the employ of tbe Earl he had resolved to have bis revenge on bis master j and one; night he managed to enter the park and conceal himself behind a large elm growing close to the ruined cottage, and knowing that his late master was obliged to j>ass that way on his return from shooting, laid wait,' and shortly after committed the fearful deed that I have related. Ever since that time no one dare ap proach the ruins. I was the first person rash enough to endeavour to elucidate the mystery, of ,the Withered Elm; and you see I have some cause to believe in ghosts." u Indeed you have,", said my companion. " But, dear me, how the time has passed. We bave already arrived at B , and it seems as if we had only just got into the train. I am sorry that my journey is at an end, but I must see to my traps ; so good-bye, Fred.": I was about to give his hand a hearty shake, when the ruthless porter banged to the door, the. guard whistled, the engine gave a demoniacal shriek, and I was once more whirling along in the night express. 