THE PRECEDENCY QUESTION. The correspondence upon the Precedency Bill, promptly supplied by His Excellency in answer to the Address of the Assembly, will be found elsewhere. It is full of interest, and throws a vivid light upon the reception accorded by the Downing-street authorities to the measure passed last session and re served for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thereon. The documents consist of a memorandum addressed by the Governor to his advisers immediately upon the intro duction of the Bill; a despatch from His Excellency, forwarded to Lord Kimberley in anticipation of the action subsequently taken by Parliament ; a despatch in reply, sent out from the Colonial Office by return mail ; a report from Mr. Attorney-General Mann, recommending the reservation of the Bill after it had been carried through Parliament; and a despatch from the Governor, transmit ting the measure to the Secretary of State. To these we have added, for the convenience of the reader, the communication from Lord Kimberley, published a few days ago, announcing that Her Majesty could not in this thing be advised to accede to the wishes of her South Australian subjects. The first matter that excites notice is the tone of the memorandum forming the first of this extraordinary series of State Papers. It is not often that we are favoured with a glimpse of the inner life of Government. The relations subsisting be tween the Governor and the Cabinet are strictly private and confidential, and as such are respected by the Parliament and the people ; but inasmuch as the exigencies of the present case have led to the dis closure of something of their character, it cannot be deemed impertinent to remark upon the result. It has always been under stood to be the duty of Ministers' to advise His Excellency, and the public will be surprised to find how completely the tables are occasionally turned. Making every allowance for the fact that the subject is one bearing incidental reference to the royal prerogative, it seems anomalous that the Governor should be able to address his Ministers in such imperative terms, and before consultation with them announce so emphatically the course he has resolved upon pursuing. 'I would point out,' writes His Excellency a few days after the Bill was laid before the Assembly* 'that the fitting course, if the majority of either House of Parliament object to the procedure enjoined by the Imperial regula tions, or maintained by the Governor, is to address him with a view to the reconsidera tion of such regulations, and to the satisfac tion of their objections by him or by higher authority.' Again, after eloquently advo cating the right of the Lord Bishop of Ade laide to continue to ' enjoy' that precedence with which 'every other prelate of his Church' was invested, His Excellency con eludes thus :—' It certainly would not be consistent with my duty to assent to an Act involving such a deprivation. ' Having thus expressed his own view in language not to be misunderstood, the Governor intimates that he 'should therefore be glad to know what course the Ministry intend to take with regard to the Bill.' Without wishing to take unfair advantage of the accident that has brought to light a document which was un doubtedly never designed for publication, we are constrained to say that from first to last it is written from the Imperial standpoint, the colonial view of the matter being at best treated with a frigidly polite indiffe rence. The despatch addressed by His Excellency to Lord Kimberley on October 11 fairly epitomises the history of this Precedency question, but gives undue prominence to the dissatisfaction caused by the precedency of the PiOman Catholic Bishop. We respect fully dissent from the implication that 'a great jealousy of Roman Catholics' exists in this community, although it is ' so largely composed of distinctively Protestant deno minations.' The injudicious remarks tha^ nay have fallen from afew of the more rabid ipponents of Roman Catholicism have not, d far as this matter iB concerned at all events, -een endorsed by the great mass of colonists ifho have felt aggrieved at the retention o£ ;he semblance of religious inequality in a jountry that boasts of having extinguished ill material traces of a dominant Church, rhe subject has chiefly, if not entirely, been argued as one of principle, and as much objection has been taken to the assumed supremacy of the Anglican Bishop as to the unaccountable prominence given to the head of the Roman Catholic Church. The per sonal excellencies of His Lordship Bishop Short, and the estimable private qualities of the late Right Rev. Bishop Shiel, have always been acknowledged ; but as neither o£ those exalted personages had, by patent from Her Majesty or by virtue of any lecal usage consistent with the Constitution and the general tenor of legislation in the colony, a title to occupy the position assigned to them in an admittedly variable list like the Imperial Order of Precedency, the propriety of their continuing to hold it was seriously ques tioned. To the third paper of the series— the report of the Attorney-General of the day — no exception whatever can be taken. From big position, Mr. Mann was bound to advise Hi» Excellency as to whether the Bill might bo locally assented to, and under the circum stances he certainly could not have said less than he did. The latest despatch forwarded to Downing ? street is chiefly remarkable as showing that His Excellency on November 27th was fully impressed with the sincerity and earnestness of the popular objection to a form savouring of 'ecclesiastical supremacy or inequality.' Strong as his views in oppo sition to the Bill were, the ' unquestionable sentiment of the majority of the people' could not be disregarded by him, and he re commended that the royal assent should be attached to the measure, thus waiving the question of prerogative. Of course the re commendation came too late, for already Lord Kimberley had committed himself beyond recall to the view embodied in the memorandum to Ministers, The conclusion to be drawn from the cor ?espondence is that the fate of the Pre cedency Bill had been determined long mough before the announcement that it had passed both Houses of the Local Parliament reached Downing-street. ' It is also clear that the first representations from South Australia had a xery important bearing upon this result, and inasmuch as they have not been persevered in it is reasonable to assume that the Secretary of State will not inflexibly adhere to the policy he has under the circumstances seen fit to adopt. The practical arguments that convinced Sir James. Fergusson of the expediency of assenting to the measure are not likely to be thrown away upon Lord Kimberley. We dismiss as utterly inadequate to the requirements of the case the well worn alternative of an address from both Houses of Parliament, and recommend that the Legislature should be firm in urging upon the attention of the Imperial authori ties the impropriety of interfering in the purely local affairs of the province. The Overland Telegraph.— There is a periodical published in a neighbouring colony, under the title of Sydney Punch, which, although well conducted as a rule, seems at times unable to distinguish between good humoured satire and downright misrepresen tation. In one of itB late numbers it con~ tains a cartoon which cannot be described otherwise than as a deliberate libel upon South Australia. In it this colony is portrayed aa a maiden sleeping in the midst of the work o£ erectitg the Overland Telegraph, whilst the ever- vigilant Punch at her side is calling on her to 'wake up.' Upon 'what theory of facetiousness, veracity, or common fair play our contemporary can reconcile the untiring efforts made by South Australia to complete the immense undertaking upon which she has entered with this representation of her present attitotee, aj? ^ ^ \m |0 discover, we ho»$ no one else in Sydney is so utterly ignorant of the history of the work and of the present position of this province in regard to it. The cartoon implies what is simply and solely the reverse of truth. Equally unfounded is the allegation which seems to have been made by the Chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, that South Australia is playing a doginthe manger part in reference to the^ telegraph, for she has thrown no obstacles in the way of the schemes started in the other colonies to facilitate the opening up of communication with Great Britain through the medium of the cable laid down to Port Darwin. The Reservoir.— Some anxiety having been expressed out of doors as to the quantity of water in the reservoir, we have made enquiries, and find at the present time there are 47,000,000 gallons of water available, which will, if tho weather remains cool, give a supply for about 60 days, the average consumption throughout tho year being 1,000,000 gallons per day. The depth of water is 25 feet, but of that 5 feet has to be subtracted. The height was raised 3 feetj lost in consequence of emptying tho weir. Football.— A meeting of the Adelaide Foot ball Club is convened for this evenbg. Sailors' HoME.-We learn that Mr. W, Townsend, M.P., has consented to deliver a lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, at an early date, in aid of the funds of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home. ANTHONY Trollope.— Our visitor reached: Kadina by mail-coach on Wednesday evening, with the Hon. T. Elder, and wont on to Port Wallaroo per rail the same night. Libel.— It 13 understood that an actiou for. libel will shortly be heard at the PoUce Court,, the Very Rev. Father Reynolds, Administrator of the Diocese, baring laid an information against the Printer of the Protestant Advocate because of two letters which appeared lately in that paper reflecting seriously upon the moral character of the Sisters of St. Joseph. Coffer.— A new venture is on the eve ol being started in the Onaunga District, and we^ have seen very promising specimens said by Mr,. . Thomas, the assayer, to average 20 per cont.. The lode shows, we are told, clear from the surface to a depth of five fathoms, and appears to trend in an easterly direction. Better quality ore is expected at a greater depth. Ktepa are being taken to secure a lease for 21 years in case the experiment of testing at a greater depth prove satisfactory. The find is on land belong ing to Mr. C. Jaensch, known as the Square Mile. The locality is about seven miles from Mount Barker, and within half a rnile of the main road, so that the public will have every opportunity of seeing the ore at grass when tho mine is started. Farming Prospects. -We learn that on Green s Plains, the Hummocks, and further south young corn is coming up strong and hoalthy looking, but more rain is wanted by thejf armor*,. Colonial IdTERATtnE.— We hare to acknow ledge the receipt from Messrs. E. S. Wigg and gen of a copy each of the two compilations of stories from the pen of Mr. R. P. Whitwortb, just published by MacPhail & Son, of Mel bourne. A telegram the other day mentioned that the second edition had been bought up for Adelaide, and we can, apart from the racmess of some of the tales and the pleasing nature of ethers, understand how because of the neat stjle and low price of the publications there should have been a run upon them. The titles of the sets, 'Australian Stones Round tbe Camp Fire' and 'Under the Dray,' will of themselves give an idea of the outdoor sorts of topics and people that figure in the narratives, i Station and teamster life in all the varied phases of such free-air existences wasses before the reader in a series of vivid pen pictures, wherein anecdotes and yarns fill a We space. ' Melancholy Jack's Story' will be mused over by some people, while lovers of th« more sensational will find pabulum in 'The Trooper's Story of the Bank Robbery ;' while the Hawker, the Larrikin, and Chips each tells Ms tale in characteristic language. This list will show that under the dray and round the eimo fire are places credited with being the -i-enes of lively gossip very diverse in sort; lot when we add that a doctor ia nade to tell hi* experiences with ^a -7uecr patient, a major recalls the- past, in Irishman tells a ghost story, and aboriginal traits and exploits come in for a share ofajtention. it will be admitted that the till of fafe promises spicy, rich, and sparkling entertainment for quiet leisure time. We might possibly, had more space been avaikble, have been able to give our readers a slight taste of the -quality; -but as the books can now begot pasilv and at an extremely low rate, numbers of people will doubtless get them and digest the contents. Christian Doctrine Society..— The mem bersof this Association, with a few friends of the Rev. R. J. Cleary, lately assembled in the schoolroom, Franklin-street, and presented an address, accompanied by a handsome writing desk and gold pencilcase. The presentation was made by Mr. M. L. O'Dea, who read the follow inff._»«Dear Father Cleary-Wethe members of St Patrick's Christian Doctrine Society, hearing that you are about to depart for Mount Gammer, cannot allow you to do so without trivimr expression to the feelings of attachment and esteem we bear towards you. During the short period of your connection with our Society vou have endeared yourself alike to teachers and children, and it was with regret we heard but a day or two ago that you were about to leave Adelaide. The zeal and ability displayed by you while President of our Society, and your unremitting attention and constant attendance at catechism, have been productive of the most beneficial results. We sincerely hope that you ? maybe successful in your new spheie of labour, and that the Almighty may be pleased to bless you in all your undertakings. In conclusion, dear Father Cleary, we beg you to accept this mark of our esteem, which, owing to your hurried departure, but poorly expresses our feelings towards you.-PK. Healy, M. L. O'Dea, on behalf of the members. Adelaide, April 9.' The recipient replied: — ' Ladies and Gentlemen —With feelings of the utmost gratitude I return you sincere thanks for the flattering valedictory address just read, also for the valuable presen tation. It is, I am aware, needless to remind you that the slightest mark of approbation on the part of those whom I esteem so highly creates within me a pleasure that words fail to express. But this joyous feeling is still more intensified by the consciousness that a Society such as that of St. Patrick's should deem it worthy their consideratien to manifest their thanks in this marked manner for the slight assistance I have been able to give in promoting their interests during my short period over it. In conclusion, I beg to affirm that while I am grateful to you all for these unmerited marks of your kindness, I have at the same time an assurance that I shall ever remember with tenderness and concern each and every member.' The Provincial Press.— The project which was a few months ago mooted for starting a newspaper at Moonta has been revived, and steps are on the eve of being taken to form the Yorke's Peninsula News and General Printing Company, Limited. fFrom veaterdav's Eteiiinq Journal] 1HE .LATE MR. iU. M. MtlJSB. — AM wie meet ing of the Committee of the Chamber of Com merce on April 17 the following resolution, moved by Mr. C. Peacock, and seconded by Mr. J. Acraman, was carried :—' That your Committee deeply regret the loss by death of their late efficient Secretary, Mr. E. M.^ Meyer, who had during his tenure of offipe given un qualified satisfaction by his untiring attention and general urbanity of conduct, and that a copy of the above resolution be handed to Mr. H. P. Denton, requesting him to communicate the same to Mrs. Meyer, and han:l her a cheque for April salary from the Committee.' This is a pleasing and well-merited testimony of the Committee's appreciation of Mr. Meyer's services. INJURED BY A H0R5E.-~At Portland Estate, on Wednesday evening, Thomas PeiTJ received shocking injuries to the side of his head from the kick of his horse which he was unharnessing. I The sufferer was conveyed to the Casualty Hospital, Port Adelaide, and received every attention from Dr. Getbing. '^— McasTEBiAL Call.— At a recent meeting of the Presbytery of the Free Presbyterian Church of South Australia, a call to the Rev. J. Sinclair, of Yankalilla, signed by 50 settlers in the South-Eastern District, and duly attested, was received and sustained. Presentation.— At the Albion Lodge, on Wednesday evening, a testimonial, voted at the. latest meeting of the G.A.C., consisting of a handsome gold medal with a suitable inscription engraved, was presented to P.P.G.M. Lithgow. There was a large attendance, including the officers of the Order and several visitors. P.G.M. Rattams, in handing over the gift, referred to the valuable services rendered. P.G.M. Clark, P.G.M. O'Connor, G.M. Austin, of the Adelaide District, and others, also bore testimony to the benefit the Order generally had received from the assiduous attention of P.P.G.M. Lithgow. The recipient, in acknow ledging the honour, stated that he had been a member from 1851, during which time he had filled nearly every office in the Lodge and Society from the lowest to the highest He thanked them heartily for their kindness, especially those who were not regular in their attendance, but who were presenyihat evening Police Accommodation at Palmer.— On Thursday, April 18, a deputation, con sisting of Messrs. W. Whyte, R. C. Baker, andS. Davenport, introduced by the Hon. A. Blyth, M.P., and accompanied by Mr. E. Ward, M.P., waited upon the Hon'. the Chief Secretary with reference to the accommodation of a trooper at Palmer. It was pointed out by Mr. Whyte that when the trooper, who had been stationed at Palmer first arrived there was no house in which he could live, and the speaker placed at the disposal of tho Government a dwel ling which was his own property. He had some time ago found it necessary for his own purposes to use the house in question, and had applied to the Commissioner of Polbe to have other arrangements made for police accom modation. The Commissioner had replied that no accommodation could be found, and that if the house now occupied could not be continued in the possession of the constable he must be withdrawn. He pointed out the increasing requirements of Palmer for the protection of police in conso^ucace of the mines and the quantity of sheep- stealing being carried on there before the constable was located, and asked the Government to put up a building, which could be done at a cost of £200 or £250. The Hon. the Chief Secretary said the Government, if they built a station, must do so with a view to permanency, and at a much greater cost than that suggested; but they had not now got funds for the purpose. Mr. Whyte stated that he had agreed to rent the house to the Gevernment until proper ac commodation was provided if an effort was made to get other accommodation at once. The Hon. the Chief Secretary stated, in reply, that the Government would do all they could, and in fact had done all they could at present to findaccom* modation, but could not, and he was sure the terms offered by Mr. Whyte would be met if he still entertained his intention to temporarily let the house. The deputation then thanked the Chief Secretary and withdrew, 