Cïjc Siiönti» irlovntng ftcralfte TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1872. Tue reply of Mr. Francis, addressed to Viscount Canterbury, in reference to the despatches of Earl Kimberley, is only just civil. A Conference was held in Melbourne, which came to certain conclusions either unanimously or with differences. These weie transmitted in a very confused form to the Secretary of State, who has not, therefore, distinguished exactly the shades of opinion which were ex- pressed by different persons, either acting upon their own views, or as the representatives of the colonies to which they belonged. The main tjuestion was the conditions upon which commercial intercourse should exist be- tween the colonies of this hemi- sphere. Some demanded one thing and some another, and Earl Kimberley's reply, therefore, takes up the general principles in- volved in this discussion, and gives his opinion upon them. The answer is a circular, and, there- fore, inevitably treated of the whole subject, and touched upon topics that possessed dif- ferent degrees of interest to the various colonies. Surely there was nothing improper or intrusive in this mode of discussing a general subject. New Zealand claims to deal with all nations just as a sovereign State, and the Australian colonies claim to deal with each other as members of a group having very close affinities and special reasons for adopting this policy. The whole discussion, however, turned upon the commercial prin- ciples which have been deliberately adopted by the British Empire. It is quite true that the colonies have the right to discuss the principles and necessities which they suppose ought to govern their fiscal policy ; but surely the representative of the Government of England has also the right to discuss the policy of the Empire, and to say that if such be his view, it is affected by the demands of the colonies, and by the policy adopted by them either jointly or severally. No doubt it is true that the laws of England have changed upon the subject of free trade, but the alteration has been, although slow, complete ; and it has taken more than forty years to develop from the first reforms of Mr. Huskisson to the final liberation of English commerce from every thrall, and the reduction of the Customs to mere purposes of revenue. It appears to us, therefore, to be highly irrelevant to talk of the changes which have transpired in the views of England through so long a period as if they were fitful altera- tions, liable to be revoked in the next ten years. The commerce of England is now upon a basis from which it can only be moved by the destruction of the Empire itself. The subsistence of the immense populations drawn from almost every country, can only be supplied by commerce perfectly free, and every step in advance has made the fixed national policy more citar and in- dubitable. Even protection, which has been pushed in America to the utmost, and the changes which have transpired in France, have not shaken the conviction of the people of England that their course is the proper one, and that henceforth the commerce of the world, in order to be open to them, must be free. The great advantages which accrue to us from this policy are very apparent. When, however, a discus- sion is being carried on between England, through the Secretary of State, and the colo- nies upon the subject of their commercial relation«, it is hardly respectful in a small com- munity to take the high tone of Mr. Francis's letter, and to repel discussion by telling the organ of the Crown (for such Earl Kimbbrt.ky is) that the people of England have changed, and that the colonies reserve to themselves the right of doing the same. Of course, interpreted freely, this simply means that the colonies claim to bo entiroly indifferent to the course of Great Britain, and stand in all respects in reference to mercantile relations upon the footing of a sovereign State. Mr. Francis has, indeed, smoothed off the bitterness of this doctrine by assuring Earl Kimberley:, through the Governor, that the most ardent attachment to Great I Britain signalises the people of Victoria. It is quite necessary that we should look into these professions of attachment, and examine their real meaning, and what they are worth. The colonies have no particular love for the people of Liverpool or Little Pcdlington, or for tho people of London or Bunkum. These professions seem to have an air of silliness when too strongly ex- pressed. When the people of England in whatever rank profess great love for the people of Vittoria or New South Wales, we have a strong suspicion that they aro maudlin; but rational conviction leads moat men of edu- cation, who are not carried away by pre- judices, to hold that the relations between the colonies and Great Britain are essential to their safety and welfare, and that everything necessary.to continue those relations ought to be admitted by both parties. The colonies should give up cheerfully and readily certain advantages which they would possess as a sovereign State, in order to preserve the benefits of the British connection. Earl Kimberley is not far from the truth that if it be proved finally that Eng- land is not possessed of any advantage by being connected as the parent State with the colonies, the colonies will soon find that their political relation is an encum- brance. The Kidnapping Act just passed by the British Parliament is framed in a tone which indicates that the Government is quite in earnest in its resolution to put down the infamous traine which has lately sprung up among the Pacific Islands, and it is also easy to trace in the clauses the effect of recent experience in con- nection with the Daphne case. The Act is to be proclaimed in the several Australian colonies within six weeks after its receipt, and in each colony it will take effect from the date of such proclamation. In a very short time, therefore, it will be law in New South Wales. From and after that date it will be illegal for any British vessel to engage in the island labour trade without a license, and no licene«? will be procurable unless a bond of £500 is entered into by some competent surety. Any violation of this rule will entail the risk of a penalty up to £500. It is not intended to override the existing Queensland law, and it is open to any of the other colonies to pass a similar law, and acquire similar powers. The opinion has been expressed that this deference to colonial legis- lation is a weak point in the Act. We would fain hope that such fears are groundless. The British Parliament has proceeded on the assumption that the colonial Governments are sincerely and truly desirous of killing slavery in the germ, and of discountenancing all violence and inhumanity in the labour arrange- ments made with the South Sea Islanders, and for that reason it has abstained from acting where the local Governments show a desire to act: It would be a serious reflection on the character of our colonial Governments if it should be found that licenses obtained under the authority of any colonial Act were made the cover of disgraceful proceedings such as could not have been possible under a license obtained under the Imperial Act. At present Queensland is the only colony that has legis- lated on the subject, and it is possible that this will continue to be the case, inasmuch as the Imperial law seems to supersede the necessity of any further action on our part. The crime which it is desired to suppress is elaborately defined in the ninth clause of the Act, and is made felony, and guilty parties are liable to the highest punishment other than capital punishment which the local law awards to felony. It will be deemed, therefore, that the law is very stringent, and that it will be no light matter for anyone to be brought in guilty. As it is> of great importance to all whom it may concern that it should be thoroughly known what constitutes the offence, we reprint the description of it given in the Act. The accusation will lie against any British subject who commits any of the fol- lowing offences; that is to say : " 1. Decoys a native of any of the aforesaid islands for the purpose of importing or remov- ing such native into any island or place other than that in which he was at the time of the commission of such offence, or carries away, confines, or detains any such native for the purpose aforesaid, without his consent, proof of which consent shall lie on the party accused. " 2. Ships, embarks, receives, detains, or confines, or assists in shipping, embarking, receiving, detaining, or confining for the pur- pose aforesaid, a native of any of the afore- said islands on board any vessel, either on the high seas or elsewhere, without the consent* of such native, proof of which consent shall lie on the party accused. " 3. Contracts for the shipping, embarking, receiving, detaining, or confining on board any vessel for the purpose aforesaid, any such native without his consent, proof of which consent shall lie on the party accused. " 4, Fits out, mans,.navigateB, equips, uses, employs, lets or takes on freight or hire any vessel, or commands or serves, or is on board any such vessel with intent to commit, or that any one on board such vessel should commit, any of the offences above enumerated. "^5. Ships, lades, receives, or puts onboard, or contracts for the shipping, lading, receiving or putting on board of any vessel money, goods, »r other articles, with the intent that they should be employed, or knowing that they will be employed, in the commission of any of the offences above enumerated." Without in any way affecting the powers vested in the Supreme Courts of New South Wales and Tasmania under the Act of George' IV. that establishes their juris- diction, colonial Courts are now empowered to try the offences above enumerated, and in their discretion to award punishment. The definition of the offence is pretty com- prehensive, and is purposely made wide enough to cover all parties usually concerned; but in order to shut up loop-holes there is a further clause for the behoof of accessories, and which provides that any person who aids, abets, counsels, or procures the commission of any offence against this Act shall be liable to be tried and punished ni a principal offender. Still further to simplify proceed ingf, an indictment may describe the offence generally ai having been com- mitted within her Majesty's dominion», and the venue may be that of the place in which the trial is held. In order that there may be no difficulty in obtaining evidence the colonial Courts may issue commissions far the examination of witnesses in places outside tke jurisdiction of the Court, and such evidence taken under proper regulation, shall be accepted as equivalent to vira voce evidence given in tke Supreme Court. If, however, it should he deemed necessary to bring up native wit- nesses to give evidence in person, the Gover- nor in Council may authorise the bringing and remuneration of such witncssei. We have already had an illustration of tke ' questions that may be raised in Court ti to the competency of ignorant and ua Christianised witnesses to 'give evidence in our Courts of Law, according te the established forms of our judicature. This point will not be raised in future, at the difficulty is met by a special clame. Oaths may be taken in the form most bindiar on the conscience of the witness, and where witnesses are ignorant of the nature of an oath the evidence may be taken in any manner declared by the Court or Commissioner before whom it is given, and such evidence is to ke as valid as ordinary oath-evidence. Any false evidence given under any such form will is volve the penalties of perjury. This innovation upon the customary notions of the absolute necessity of oathj for judicial purposes ii, it will be obvious, capable of extension. t)t such evidence British subjects may be sen- tenced to the severest punishments awarded to felony. A concession made to iga» rant savages, may hereafter come to he demanded by those who arc not ignorant, and who are not savage. This Act, although precise and rigid, might perhaps prove comparatively ineffective if it« operation were left to chance, but the Impend Government is about to back up its legislation by practical supervision. The naval force .> the station is to be increased for the express purpose of seeing that the Act is made a reality and not a mere brtttum fulmen. Extensive powers are, therefore, conferred on naval officers, on officers of Customs, or on any public officer in any British possession, subject of course to special or general in- structions from local Governors. The same powers belong also to any commissioned officer on full pay in the army er navy, subject to instructions from superior officers ; and properly appointed consult or consular agents outside her Majesty'« territory have similar powers. All persons, duly authorised, may seize any British venel which shall upon reasonable grounds be suspected of being employed in the com- mission of any of the offences enumerated above, or of having been so employed during the voyage on which it is met, or of having been fitted out for such employment. Seizing officers may use force if necessary, and may call upon any person engaged in her Majesty's service to assist them. Officers duly making seizure« subject to the Act are indemnified from all risk; and the Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury are empowered, " if to their discretion it should seem meet, to pay the whole or any part of the cost incurred." . SurRBMS Court.-Business This Day.-Term List.-Motions Nisi for New Trial, &c.; : Maoaneh v. Baw man and others, for leave to appeal ; Garratt v. Bird ; Hely v. Ecott ; Mackenzie v. Williams ; Vidler v. Drake and another. Master's Office, at 10.30: Re Home, a par- son, &c;, to proceed on Recorder's 7th aooount and taxa- tion ; M'Csllum v. Turner, minutes ; Jones v. Yeomans, to consider decree. At 11 o'olosk ; Parker another V. A, J. S. Bank, adjourned evidence. District Court.-Tuesday, 3rd September Undefended Cases : No 3737 will be taken at 10 a.m. ; No. 3820 will not be taken before 11 a.m., finishing with 3912. Sir James Fergusson.-We understand that Sir James Fergusson, who ha» been the guest of his Basel lenoy the Governor for some days past, will leave Sydney for Tasmania hy the steamship City of Hobart, which ia ex- pected to sail to-clay. The Premier.-It is expected that the Honorable Henry Parkes, who has boen making a tour »f the Western districts of the colony, will return to Bydaty on Wednesday, Sir James Martin.-We learn from tke Bathurst papers, that Sir James Martin is now ia that district, and is to be invited to a dinner on Wednesday evening. Excursion to Lithgow Valley.-An excur- sion to Lithgow Valley took place yesterday, to enable Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of South Australia, who t» now on a visit to this colony, to see the famous engineering works in that locality. The party consisted of air Jana» Fergusson and his aid-de-camp (Mr. Morris), Sir Haronías Robinson, the Hon. Lady Robinson, and Miss Robiuoa, Captain St. John and Mrs. St. John, the Hon. J. Q. L. Innes f Solicitor- General) and Mrs Innes, the Hon. awl Samuel (Vlco-President of the Executive Council) aid Mrs. Alexander, Sir Terenoe Murray (President cf Um Legislative Counoil) and Lady Murray, the Hon. Rdward Butler (Attorney-General), the Han, G. A. Lloyd (Post- master-General), the Hon. W. R. Piddington (Colonial Treasurer), and Mr. John Whitton (Bnglneer-ia Chief for Railways). They left the Redfern ter- minus by special train at 7 o'olock, and reaohsi Lithgow Valley about midday, where they stays« for half-an-honr before starting on the return journey to Sydney. Sir James Fergusson made the descent tato las valley on the engine, and greatly admired the railway works at the Zigzag. The weather was delightful, and a finer day for enjoying the air of the mountains and to» scenery along the route oonld not have been desired. Tat party returned to the city at 0 o'clock. Mineral Selections.-We are iuformed that np to the 30th of August (Saturday last), the number of mineral selections taken up from the beginning of the year waa abeut 12,100. We may again remind our readers that by the terms of the 22nd clause of tho Crown Lanas Occu- pation Aot, tinder whioh mineral selections are taken up, the rents are payable this month. The clause ta whioh w» refer enacts that " The rent shall be five shillings per sors, payable annually in advance at the Colonial Treasury, the first payment to be made on application for authority to select, and thereafter within the month of September for each ensuing year, and leases shall in all cases end on the 31st day of December." Selections have boen taken a» almost on every office day during the year; ana it might perhaps be supposed that the amount of a year's rent, which is paid in all oases prior to the itsue of authority to select, would enable the selector to hold his lease for twelve months. That, how- ever, is not the case ; for unless the total amount of rent to the 31st of December, 1873, be paid into the Treasury on or before the 30th of Sepromber, 1872, the leases will bo liable to forfeiture. Supposing a mineral seleohon_ to bo taken up on the let of August last, a year's rent wUl nara been paid, and all that the lessee will have now to do wUl be to pay into the Treasury the amount of the rent for ti» five months from August 1st to December 31tt, This re- mark is equally applicable to any other day in the year. The payment of these rents in September ia to enable IM Government to adjust its accounts with the financial year; and it is required to be made irrespeotivo of whether tM land has boen allotted to sr surveyed for the W11«1* Money paid on application for authority to select will not be refunded ; but payments made this month for leo» applied for, and which may net eventually be Blf.n]ff^.?", bo refunded. Unsuccessful »PpUcanta for leases will, how- ever, be allowed to make fresh selection» without p»ï»_ of any additional fee, providing thoy do so within taral» months of the dato of their authority to »elect. W» «J informed by the officials at|the Treasury, who are oh«»* with the duty of receiving the revenue of our nUacnu leases, that lessees who send into the Treasury the para culara of .their »elections, snob as date of ti"T»»?"" and information respecting each block taken up, *>"**** the amount of their rent calculated for thom,ano wiu offlcially apprised of the exact sum duo cn each "".j**?"' Those who desire to avail themselves of *M« regulffon would do well to furnish the necessary information at of»», eeetog that the payments must be made daring the curran month. Narrow Escape.-At 5.30, Saturday after- noon, two young men, names unknown, bat resiaenwia Sydney, while boating got eaptizedin»sudden saoAU» the bay; being unable to swim, and the sea J«-«»« rough, at the time, they were on the point of a^owoU* whoa they were seen by Mr. Charles Vernor sa? "J; Leopold Funburg, who put off in a boat, and "riv*4 J«« ? time to rescue them front death. Lbotübb-A lecture on tho Infallibihty of the Fovewes delivered last evonlng, in St. Mary's Seminary, fcvthe Rev. Dr. Barsanti. There was a very large attend ano* aid the elequent ditoourse was listened to with nuked attention. The frequent and hearty applause -Mr* BTseted the rov. lecturer testified to tho appreciation tftteandlcVceof «hat thoy board. The chair was taken ".Archdeacon Rigney. 2 he locturer commenced by de finlntr the meaning of truth, and enforcing upon his fcaarers the importance of seek'ng after and possessing it. «.then nrocceded to give a briof explanation of what £i meant by the Infallibility of the Popo. Tho ionia of papal Infallibility did not mean the personal infallibility of tbo Popo, or his immunity from sin. The Kenan Pontiff bad to confess his sins, and rooelve at the hands of tho priest the absolution and forgiveness of his lins like any other member of the Church of whiph ho was ¡Le bead. The papal infallibility did not mean tho lmrnu ¿it* of tho Pope from error ; nor was it a divine inspira Son such as that which was granted and possessed by the Pmnhett. the Apostles, or the Evangelists, or the OT writers. But the papal infallibility in its theological meaning meant nothing less than i tieoial Divine assistance of the Holy Ghost, by whioh thePoP* was cnabltd to preserve holy, to expound faith rntlr and to reveal the truths contained in the depositary of Faith. There was nothing puzzling, nothing startling, noihlnft contrary to the Scripture, he maintained, in the doavne? The Papal infallibility affected the Pope not as a wFrate man, but in bis official, public-, solemn, saored oa paolty, when ho spoke ex calhedt a in his position as Popo ; and ho derived this prerogative not from his many good .ualitics and endowments, but simply by relying on the promises of Christ, made to the C huron. The lecturer admitted that there were some who de- nied the papal infallibility ; but their numbera jrere as nothing compared to the millions upon millions who believed it. There; was but one infalli- bility-the infallibility of the Churoh represented and per teniled in the Pope, PIub tho Ninth did not invent the dogma, but simply defined it as having been rooelved from the beginning of tbo Christian Church. Tho dogma was as ancient as the Church itself; and as the Churoh oould not be destroyed, so oould not be destroyed tbo papal Infalli- bility. Tho reverend lecturer referred to the Mosaic law, and to othor portions of Scripture, for proofs in support of hil statement that pontifical infallibility was as ancient as us Old Law Itself. At the oloeo of tho lecture, which was dellrered in very elequent language, a vote of thanks was, on tho motion of Mr. G. Hurley, seconded by Mr, B, Flanagan, carried amidst continued applause. ßioisiKATioN of Dogs.-It may be as well to remind owners of dogs that the period during which the animals may be registered expiros on the 30th of the present month, and that non-registration subjects the owner te the payment of a fine. TheAot No. IV., Wil- lina IV,, was passed for tbo purpose of abating the naissnoe experienced by the inhabitants of certain towns I ia the colony from the great number of canine brutes that I used to rotm about at large; and the operations of the statute havo had a most salutary effeot in ohooking, although It has not nearly BUppresBod, the nuisanos. In the city of Sydney, and in fact in every township throughout the colony, the limbs and even lives of equestrian! and others are endangered through the numbers of cars that aro allowed, without lot or hlndranoo, to run after horses going through the streets. Borne vory heavy aottt have had from time to timo to be borno by owners of surs which have occasioned the destruction of horses, or injury to the persons of peaceful citizens. But still the nubenoo Is not altogether repressed, and frequent and loud are the complaints made against it. The Act provides that any person who shall, after tho first day of October in eaoh year, keep any dog in the towna in reference to whioh the provisions of the Aot have boon ex- tended for a period of fourteen days, without causing a deaoriptlon of such dog to be registered, shall pay a penalty ot aot less than 10s., nor more than 20s, The registration is to be effected at the police- office of euoh town iu whioh it Is intended te koop tho dog, and tho registration must be renewed from year to year. A false description renders the owner liable to a penalty, Dogs not registered, and also dogs without collars, whether registered or not, found at large, may be seized and killed. It would be very bcacfictal to tho inhabitants of the townships if the pro- vision in reference to dogs without oollars was carried out a little moro stringently I han at present. Persons seizing or destroying unregistered dogs are ontitled to a reward of 2s. Gd. for every dog so seized or destroyed. Dogs employed iu driving sheep or cattle, or accompanying a dray or cart, pro vi led thoy are securely fastened to the vehicle, aro exempt from seizure. The Act makes it compulsory for stnstablosto report unregistered dogs, and to destroy such at ere improperly at large. The 17th olaute of the Aot protides that no person shall be oonvioted of any offenoe under the Act unless complaint be made within one month next after the time the offence shall have been oommltted. A ease waa tried at the Water Police Court in April last, when the owner of a dog wat summoned fer neglect to register, and the case was dismissed on the ground that, ander the 17th section, the complaint was not laid within ona month af tor tho commission of the offence. This should nuke the police more vigilant during the appropriate time. The Aot does not apply to dogs under six months old. Popular Lectures.-We have been requested to »tate that tho course of lectures hitherto delivered on alternate Tuesday evenings at the St. James's school- house, and temporarily suspended in ooneequence of tho holding of classes for confirmation, will be rosumed this cvcniog, on which occasion an interesting and instructive lecture «ill be given on "The Insect World." Sporting.-The meeting of Tattersall'« Club, held at Tattersall'», last ovening, was not vory numerously attended, and betting wa» lather slaok. For tho Derby, Xhg of the Ring was in faveur at 5 to 4, and noxt to him Commodore and Loup Gttrou were in demand at 4 and 5 to 1 respectively. The Metropolitan prices remain unaltered, Dagworth and Toothpioker being most fancied at 100's to IS ; and Little Dick and The Prophet wero firm at 100'» to 10, Wanderer, Nydia, and Hermit were scratohed for the Derby at 9.30 a.m. yesterday, and at tho same hour Dred was withdrawn from all hi« Randwick engagements. The attention of homeowners is called to the faot that the general entry for the Goulburn Spring Races will olose tD-day. Murderous Assault.-The Murrurundi Times relates that a murderous attack was made on a shepherd named Tuft, at Quirindi, on Monday, by a man named Boee. It appears the men were quarrelling about some wages, wbon ino latter took an axe and struck Tuft on tho head, iaflioting a large scalp wound. Rose then made a second attempt to etnke the shepherd, who raised his arm and leoeived the blow on the elbow with tho edge of the axe, cutting it in a frightful manner. Upon receiving in- formation of the circumstance, sub-inspector Wright pro- ceeded to Quirindi, and has taken the neoessary steps to bring the man Rose to justice, who immediately decamped after committing the offence. The Opera.-The present opera season com tneaoed last ovening, at the Viotoria Theatre, under deci- dedly favourable circumstances. The opera house, at mentioned yesterday, has undorgone a onange for the better, and last night removed some lingering doubts as to its suitability for operatio performances. The company whioh the directors have brought to Sydney on this occasion, ia more complete than that of last aoaaon. The artists» new to Sydney that appeared were Slgnora Boaislo and Signora Rlboldo, the former a loprano and the latter a merin- soprano. Bofero proceeding to notloe the performance itself it may be a» well to preface our remark» by observing that it should be a rule to judgo the singer not hy the standard of excellence in elder or more wealthy eommuities, but by those who have been heard in the colonies. Mademoiselle Patti received £12,060 for »ii weeks' performance in St. Petersburgs ; Titzien« refused an engagement at the Boston Festival at the rate of £200 for each song or a repetition of it. We bars to deal with artists only whom the colonies can afford to pay, and, taking into considération our distance from the great cities of Europe, which enter into a keen compe- tition for talent, it ie porhaps surprising that Australia holds out an Inducement sufficient to attract musicians of more than average ability to her cities. The opera selected for the opening-Geunod's "Faust"-is evidently suited ra the prinoipal artist, and it is better known here than Goethe's. The ideal of the German poet cannot be har raonlaod with musical requirements. Bpobr endeavoured to keep olose to the melancholy and instructive story, but it was hopeless. "Faust" ie essentially a dramatio poem, and as such has boen treated by the composer, the exquisite touches of satire running through it, however, find no exponent in lyric repre- sentations. Signora Bosisio impersonated the cha- racter of Marguerite. She is a really good bat not a great artist ; the has individuality in personation, every point in her acting is evidently the result of study, every noto is liven with due regard to its intent by the author. Though youngens la not a novitiate luther profession. Her voice is flexible, well cultivated, and resonant, not powerful, but very expressive and effective. The Signora has the ad- vantage ef a fascinating permmel, and a natural oaae that Mas to the other excellences of her performance. The ¡noueaoe exercised by her over the audience is gradual but certain. She preserves the eimplioity of the Rjrl ia_ tho celebrated " Bijou " cavatina-though .hera is a great temptation to win applause, uy Morificing the beautiful to the vulgar in this scene. Young, artless, and therefore bewildered by the gaudy trinkets, the signora evinces girlish confusion, and not the eoqnetryof the aocomplithed flirt; this distinction is pal pable. The new soprano vocalizes neatly, and in tune, »ignora Riboldi has a liquid mezzo- soprano voice, wa is an accomplished actress. The "Flower Song" *»s, perhaps, more effectively given, but not with the «a»*» likely to gain applause. The Mephistopheles of piguor Dondi is well known by the patrons of the opera. It «s retner rough ; his catire is more that of tho saw than the rseor; in politeness he should be, so to speak, tho Sir Harcourt woBrtley of Hados. Mr. Beaumont has muoh improved sinoe ntala»t appearance in thlsoity ; he sustained the role of Faust wtter than it has been performed in Sydney sinoe the first représentation of this opera. 8ignor Conva's Valentine was »wau rendered performance. Not the least part of the performance are the chorus and orchestra. Under the guidance of Herr Zelman the talented members of the orchestra performed their part with almost unexceptional Prouion; the conductor keeps them under command, so «uat the light and ehado of vocalization are well brought out. The chorus, though limited in number, is well "Wanoed, and sufficiently strong for the requirements of the opera. The performance of Faust yesterday evening was m a whole more perfect than any representation of the .*»» »pera yet given here. It will be repeated this oven Tn« Boora Church.-In the Scots Church, I last 8unday, at the dose of the mornleg servioe, the Ko v. Dr. Lang announced that it was his intention to rerigm his j position aa pastor of that Church, on the completion of the fiftieth year of his ministry. On the 22ad of this month he would have been during half-a-ocntury a minister of tho Presbyterian Church, for on the 22nd September, 1822, he was ordained at Irving, in the West of ScotIand. The reverend gentleman further informed his congregation that he intended to devote the remainder of his life to the train- ing up of young men for the work of the ministry. Importation of Stock.—We understand that at the instance of the Minister for Lands (the Hon. J. S. Farnell), tho Government of this colony are in com- munication with the other Australian Governments on the question of the importation of stock into Australian ports from foreign parts, In view of the contagious diseases known to prevail at the present time in Europe and else- I where, it has been considered desirable to forbid the importa- tion of stock for a certain period, and this may be done by Government proclamations issued simultaneously in all the colonies of the Australian Group. The Bathing Season.—Last summer mention was made of the progress of Lieutenant Von Hammer's Swimming class at Robinson's baths, and as the warm weather is again approaching, it may not be out of place to state for the information of those who are desirous of learning the art of swimming, that Von Hammer com mences his third season to-day. During the past two years the class was very large, and several of the pupils were adults, who, under a proper system of tuition, were enabled to acquire an accomplishment which they had failed to master by self teaching. Very little difficulty is ex- perienced with the young pupils, and the manner in whioh they disported themselves during the last aquatic meeting, proved that they were quite at home in the water. Found Dead in the Bush.—On Saturday, 24th August, a free selector, named Coogan, came into Murrurundi with his wife, and on their return, previous to reaching home, Coogan said he would go into the bush and drive in a cow, which he accordingly did, leaving his wife to go home. He did not come home on the Saturday evening (says the Times) when search was made for him by somo of the neighbours the greater part of Saturday night, all day on Sunday, till Monday at 4 o'olook, when he was discovered quite dead. The unfortunate man was found under a tree, and had, by appearance, been dead for some time, as his limbs were quite rigid. He had boen ailing for some time from disease of the heart, and had been attended by a medical gentleman from Murrurundi, who informed him that he would die a sudden death before long. Proposed Site for a Public School at Bathuhst.—The Times reports that on Thursday after- noon a publlc meeting was held in the Town Hall, Bathurst, for the purpose of taking measures to urge upon the Government the necessity of granting a portion of land on section 6, in the city of Bathurst, as a site for a Public school. At the appointed hour (3 o'clock) the attendance was not very large; but, in tho course of a few minutes, people began to arrive, and shortly after the proceedings commenced there must have been upwards of two hundred persons present—the largest day meeting, unconnected with electioneering matters, that has ever been seen in Bathurst. The principal resolution carried was to the following effect : —" That this meeting deems it desirable that a petition should be signed and forwarded to his Excellency the Governor and the hon. the members of the Executive Council of New South Wales, requesting that the portion of the land already applied for on section 6, in the city of Bathurst, be granted as a site for a Public school." A draft petition was read and adopted. Mutilating Animals.—This most diabolical crime seems to be on the increase; horses hamstrung, cattle cut and hacked, sheep's legs broken are almost of daily occurrence in one or other parts of the country ; and we now find that even pigs are subjected to this brutal treatment. The Gundagai Times states that "many of the pigs which pick up a living on the South Gundagai flats, and form no inconsiderable part of the valuable property of the residents in that interesting suburb, have of late been disfigured and mutilated by some knavish or mischievous person or persons cutting off their ears, probably with the view of so altering their aspect, prior to stealing them, as to render identifica- tion by their rightful owners a difficult matter." Mining Accident.—A rather serious accident occurred on Thursday morning (says the Gulgong Guar- dian) to a German engaged sinking a shaft by contract on No. 1, Lowe's Paddock. It appears that he was being hoisted up by his mate out of the shaft, and had ascended about 30 feet when the iron handle of the windlass broke clean off, close to the windlass-barrel. All control being lost over the barrel, it revolved with great rapidity, jerking up and down in the slit in the stand, which caused the second handle also to snap, when the barrel descended the shaft, a depth of about 50 foot, at the bottom of which was a man who was being hoisted up. The barrel fell on his legs, breaking one and severely bruising the other, and otherwito injuring him. He was promptly brought to grass, and conveyed to the hospital. Wholesale Sheep-stealing. — A stranger (observes tho Manaro Mercury) who reads the advertise- ment of Mr. Thomas Herbert, of Bolaira, which offers £50 reward for the conviction of the thief or thieves who stole some 500 or 600 sheep, will stand aghast, and, not knowing the peculiar facilities the many almost inaccessible gullies of Manaro extend to depredators, will naturally ask what the sheep-owners are about. As we are told by Mr. Herbert, the gully-rakers not only steal his sheep, but they also mali- ciously destroy others. Not a great length of time has elapsed since Mr. W. Blyton, senior, was despoiled of a small flock of sheep by the wholesale plunderers, whose impunity has at last aroused the just indignation of graziers, who now purpose establishing a protective society, one similar to that formerly in existence on Manaro, which latter, had they had a proper regard for their own interests,they should never have allowed to fall through. In all conscience, the steal- ing was bad enough, but we little thought that there were in this district men wicked enough to wantonly maim the flocks of our residents. APPOINTMENT.—The London Morning Post of July 4 mentions that the Home Secretary has appointed Mr. Robert Alexander Fisher, of the Oxford circuit, author of the well-known " Digest of the Common Law, to be secretary to the Judicature Commission, in the room of Mr. Bradshaw, promoted to the office of Judge of the Northum- berland County Courts. Mr. Fisher was called to the bar at the Middle Temple in Hilary term, 1850. His appoint- ment is regarded with general satisfaction by the legal pro- fession, as the learned gentleman's fitness is unquestion- able ; his Digest having been described by one of the most eminent members of the judicial bench as " a miracle of human industry." Mr, Fisher is Deputy-Judge of the City of London Court. [The gentleman is the brother of Mr. T. J, Fisher, barrister-at-law, of this city.] The Marriage of White Girls to Poly- nesians.—Mr. F. W. Carmichael writes to the Brisbane Courier on the above subject as follows :—" I write this letter on a subject which I would like to see treated by an abler pen than mine—it is concerning the marriage of white girls with natives of the Pacific Islands. Latterly I have been staying at Lifu, where I made the acquaintance of three white girls, who were married in Brisbane, a short time ago, to three Lifu men. I am certain if those people who had the audacity to defend the conduct of those girls in uniting themselves to black men were to see them in their present condition, they would be as bitter against those marriages as they are in favour of them. No reason- able person can for a moment suppose that these girls knew the life of misery they were condemning themselves to in marrying such men. For some time past the poor women have been deprived of the common necessaries of life—such as tea, sugar, and flour—which they have had to beg from the white settlers on the island. The Romon Catholic missionaries at Lifu have been kind enough to give them each a small quantity of these articles ; but, as the missionary told me himself, he could not afford to be continually sending them what they required. What little money their husbands saved in Queensland was spent in paying the passages of themselves and wives to Lifu ; and it is well known amongst people who have had dealings with these natives, that however good they are working for other people at other places, on their own island they have no care for the morrow, and to work earnestly and regularly is the last thought that enters their heads. Since the arrival of these women at Lifu, according to their own account, and their husbands' also, they have been living on yams and cocoanuts, which, how- ever suitable to natives, are hardly sufficient to sustain white people. Their husbands' relations are complaining that they should have to support these white women, so that in a short time, if they remain on the island, they will have to do the same drudgery as the black women-such as go and dig the land and carry wood and water on their backs like beasts of burden. The black man is fond of novelty, but soon tires of it ; and as a white woman, married to a black man, is something unusual with them, he will soon get tired of her too. These white women have been told by the representative of the French Government at Lifu, that they are at liberty to leave the island and their so-called husbands whenever they choose; and, as they themselves told me and the person who was with me, they are only seeking an opportunity to do so. There are several coasting vessels there who would gladly take them away amongst white people, only for fear of creating disturbances with the natives. MR. BUDD'S BENEFIT.—The complimentary benefit to Mr. T. Budd, bandmaster to the Naval Brigade, took place last evening at the School of Arts. Captain Hixson and the officers of the Naval Brigade were present, and the hall was well filled. The performance commenced with an overture, very creditably rendered by the Naval Brigade Band. Various selections by the Buckley Minstrels followed, the principal of which were a chorus from Masaniello and the Anvil Chorus. Both were well given, and elicited great applause, the latter being encored. Mr. Bamett'a song "Here upon my vessel's deck," was sung with great teeto and spirit, and in acknowledgment of an enthusiastic encore be sang " I never can forget," from Victorine. There is a considerable amount of cultivation in Mr. Bamett'a voice, and be appears thoroughly to under- stand the niusio he sings. The duet " The Tuscan Girls," by Miss Kearney and Miss Hunt, was deservedly applauded ; and when Mr. Budd appeared to play his Bassoon solo, he was received with great applause. Mr. C. Veraer was an- nounced to appear in a charaoter song, but it was explained that an accident had rendered him lame, and he did not sing. With this exception the programme waa carried out, and Mr. T. Hudson's sensational song and danoo caused the greatest amusement. 