COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. THE YOUNG BUSHEANGEE. "On business in the country, with leave of absence for a month." I was when this occurred second clerk to the firm of Duthorpe and Co., solicitors Sydney ; and the business which was taking me from home could not be done without a Dersonal visit. Its nature is of little conse- quence to this ower true tale. Armidale was my destination, and a long wearisome ride was before me. Rail communication was then unknown, in fact in those days the sole means of transit was by the mail, an open vehicle carrying a guard and eight passenger). A fine morning in summer therefore beheld me and six others boxed up in this unnatural conveyance. Where they were all bound for, Heaven knows ; for more than half the journey was over ere the ice of commonplacent js was sufficiently broken to permit us to converse with freedom, of onr plans and intentions. We had bnt one lady passenger, and for this, room being an object we were thankful. Had there been more, the journey would have been doubly unpleasant ; as 'tho 'sex' on this occasion rendered herself highly disagreeable and annoying. Yet things went on very quietly till a wayside inn, bearing the somewhat appro priate sign of ' The Traveller's Ecst,' was reached ! ' We changes bosses here !' said Jehu. ' any of you gents as likes can dine. Old Booster allus has a good spread ready.' The spread as it was termed was a long time coming, bnt at length it appeared. The entrance fee thereto was two-and-Bix, payable in advance. Hot-boiled, hot roast, hot- baked, and stewed ; all steaming hot. During the ride I had made friends with a stout jolly looking individual, bound for the Eocky Elver. ' Come on,' said he, dragging me to the table as soon as the Erin's had been put on. ' Paid, aint ycr ? Well, don't hesitate, bnt set to at once; never mind knife or fork. Ham, did you say, or chicken ! perhaps yon'll try this roast, or a bit of this baked veal; it looks good .' ' Coach is at the door,' shontel the ostler poking in his hcad ' Eight ! all right !' said I with my mouth too full of bam, beef, and vegetables to articulate plainly. ' Cot and come again,' interrupted tho fat gent, ' dont be ashamed of it. I aint : pass the Banco ! Hoy, yon waiter, bring me a bottle of sherry quick ? .' ' Coach is waiting, sir !' said the waiter, entering with the wine, Sfc ' Coach be ? ; don't you see we've only just sat d»wn. Who can eat in this hurry, eh, waiter ; it's as old game with your master, I know, but he mugn'tplay ; tricks on travellers.' v . * ? ''.-.'' v .?_ 'Time's np, gents,' interpose 1 Jehu, looking in ' Sorry to disturb you, bnt iire're off.': ~' ?'- '* ?''? 1 * He had no sooner left the room, followed by most of the unsatisfied fellows who had paid for a dinner, than my friend turning to me, Enid — : ' Going; to ? start, ahi't w,' at once ! . Well, as Tre been carving it's only fair I should get paid. See here ! Collar that ham. Got no cloth ; -shove it in yonr hat. I'll take this pork pie and tongue. . Now, ready we are.' So saying we -both rushed from the room, and gained oar places just as the guard's horn gave the ?ignal for starting ; a, moment more and we should have been too late. What a ' blow out'' we had to be sure in that coach ; how we enjoyed the viands Providence had so boun teously provided, as leisurely proceeding time was afforded for. mastication and digestion. . . This anecdote is recommended to travellers, no matter on what line they travel. The art of being ''even', with landlords at wayside inns is surely worth learning, though it be from a. new chum. ? . This adventure put us ill in a good humonr, and conversation on various subjects was introduced ; the principal topics being horse-racing and sheep-breeding.. Everybody had some 'horsey' anecdote to relate, and the talk- grew 'fust and furious,' till the speakers paused with right down fatigue. Night found us in a somewhat lonely part, on a very bad and steep road, crawling along over Warland's Range' at snail's pace. Eeally it seemed as if we were going to have a break down, for the wheels every now and then passed over logs and stumps. ' Hullo J Stop!' shouted a rough voice within .a few paces of us. 'Boil up ! or we'll blow your brains out.' Her Majesty's Eoyal Mail suddenly came to a dead stop, and by the straggling light of its lamps we per ceived two men on horseback. They appeared well armed, and repeatedly pointed their pistols at some of our number, as if to enforce compliance with their peremptory orders. ' Here !' said they 'all you fellows get out at once, and march into the bush. By the mortial, if you dont, we'll soon let daylight through you. Come, hand over the valuables.' Sox, as represented by the unprotected female before referred to, was in ' sterricks ;' convenient things, no doubt, when a person is forced to use them. The lady was unmolested Dy ine roDDers, that is to say, they did not order her out of the coach afttf taking hot goous ani chattels, a few rings, two sovereigns, and a locket, with 'dear George's' hair iu it, were all the plunder ob tained from her ; the rest of us hod on our persons considerable sums, which fell into the hands of the bushrangers. All parties having been searched the mail bags were cut open and letters abstracted. Some of these were torn up, in a vain endeavour to find cheques or money. All being at length settled to the satisfaction of the robbers, they gave us a volley. of curses and departed. It was my first ' bailing-np,' and is a reminiscence that will not be speedily forgotten. All my cash, as well as a gold watch, a present from my employers, were taken. On the first appearance of the bush rangers I had ' planted my money iu my boot,' but the villians were far too knowing for me, ana I was com pelled to turn out my treasures or receive a, few ounces of lead. While searching me however I had a full view of the countenances of the robbers, and felt certain of recognising them again if needed. One was quite a young man, beardless, and cf light complexion ; he had a somewhat cheerful countenance, which contrasted strangely with his mates sombre visage ; a visage whose lineaments bore the stump of crime. To tell the truth I felt greatly relieved when they were gone, and so doubtless did the rest of the pas sengers. Preparations were instantly made for resuming the journey, and ere long we were jogging along as if nothing had happened. Bailing-up was so ordinary an occurrence, that everybody toek the matter in good j part, and tried to forget their losses. ! The circninstances having been reported to the police at Murrurundi, we had the satisfaction of seeing them depart in search of the offenders ; one of these they captured, but the young man, his mate, unluckily escaped. : I reached Armidale withont further disaster ; trans acted my business, and sent particulars of my success to iny_ employers. Quite a pleasant time was that I spent in New England, and I left it with feelings of regret. I had just tho same journey to take as before, but warned by past experience, provided myself with a pistol, determined to resist any marauder who might dave contest the right of way. Ko such event however happened, and the scene of our former mishap was passed in daylight. I hub tho only passenger in the coach, and to the dr.ver, a new per sonage, I recounted full particulars of ' my adventure.' On reaching Sydney, I was alarmed to hear that the 4rm of Duthorpe and Co. were in difficulties, and that they had been compelled to mako reductions in their clerical staff. Biglie, their head clerk, had been dis charged, so what uii^ht not I expect. Two days after my return, Mr. Duthorpe called me into his private room, aud stated that the firm had no further ueed of my services. They couldn't help, you know, as matters looked so queer with them. What to try next, I hardly knew, for as to personal or family influence I jossessad. little iu Sydney. Eeally I didn't' knon- which way to turn, and having nothing to do spent all my money. At last I made up niy mind ; I was a long while doing it, but eventually seeing no prospect of employ, ment in Sydney, resolved to try the country. Not that I am much shook after the couutry, or that the bush had superlative charms for me. Necessity has uo law, and if one place won't do, a fellow must try another. Again I had a lonjr journey, aud this time on foot. The Lachlan is fully 260 miles off, and that was the first spot which offered any inducement for my stay. Mr. M'Knight, a gentleman of the old school, possessing many good qualities and vices, became my employer. He owned a station near Bland Plains. . Having a young aud somewhat numerons family, he ; desired to procure a teacher for them, and although I ? had never filled a similar position he was so pleased j with my address and qualifications, as to engago me for the business of tuition. j Among those employed by Mr. M'Knight was Tom Hogan, a stockuiau. He was a young man, who had little to say, unless in connection with his favourite theme, ' cattle-hunting.' He was evidently a privil eged individual, whose right ' to do^as be pleased' was not disputed. Did fee master require a beast brought in from the bush, if it was Tom's desire to perform the task, it was done at once ; if not, there was an end of , it. 'Eut,' said Mr. M'Knight to me, on hearing a 1 remark I made relative to such conduct, ' the poor j young fellow is like a child, wayivard and self-willed. We never oppose him ; he's been with us now on anl off ton years, and a ibett- er lad I never had till lately. Some time ago be went home to see his friends, nt the Nepean. They've a farm there : the old man rents it j from me, and a very worthy fellow he his too— quite a j specimen of the honest-hearted Hibernian. Tom is j their eldest sou ; he's a native, and what's more he's ? proud of it. I often chaff him about it, for he has large notions, ' about his country' as lie calls thit.' There was somthing in this young fellow I did not like ; sometimes it seemed to me as though we'd met before ; wbero, I couldn't tell, yet the more I thought of it the clearer it appeared that his voice and face were familiar. Often and often when I hod retired for the night, past events aud circumstances would come up in mtmory ; events wherein he might have figured ; and still I was at fault. One evening after the arrival of the mail, I was sitting perusing an account of the ' sticking-up' of three travellers by a bushranger's gang, and remarked concerning the circumstance to Tom Hogan. Handing him the paper containing the exciting paragraph, he read it through, and then said in n somewhat gleeful tono : ' But they've not taken the bushrangers I' Suddenly, the information I so much desired, flashed upon me ; aye, I understood it all well cnongh ; Tom : Hogan was the young man, companion of the robber, who had ' stuck-up' the mail on the occasion of my ourney to Armidale. But I kept my counsel, for fear of offending my kind employer, and his too-confident wife. It could make little difference to me as to the character of one in whom they reposed such trust. News reached us daily of deeds done by bushrangers, of homesteads pillaged, traveller's robbed, and mails riftfcainaf]. Proof, however, was wanting to convict Hogan of any connection with these outrages ; and my bare ivord in a court of justice would avail but little against him. Suspicion, however, would not be lulled to rest, and I resolved to watch an individual so sus pected. I believed that he frequently left the station to visit the outlaws ; and as these gentleman had been seen in the vicinity, it was highly probable he might communicate with them. On one occasion having risen somewhat earlier than usual; I perceived him coming home, bis horse jaded and covered with foam, as though it bod been ridden hard for seme distance. 'I've been cattle-bunting, new chum,' said he, in reply to my inquiries, ' and had to push my ' critter' for a couple of miles. The mob got clear off, bnt I'll run them in some of these days. My oath ! it takes us colonial's to ride, schoolmaster. Station arangements then were very different to what they generally are now. The house occupied by Mr. M'Knight was large and roomy ; in fact it con tained ample accommodation under its roof for us all. Tom slept in what was called the ' verandah-room,' and could enter or leave it just as be pleased. My apartment was well ventilated, and from the car bestowed on it, very comfortable. Adjoining it, with windows looking ont on the plains, was a room used for holding lumber, and here my employer kept his wine. On this article he set great store, so much to, that in order to have it perfectly cool ia summer time, he had a cellar made beneath for its reception. Of this place he alone held the key, and only on high days and holidays was it onened. * One night, about the time when ghosts ore said to appear, I was roused from my slumber by hearing nouses in this chamber, and, risini from bed, crept the-teyhole had a good Io6t mto' the a^^in^t.^' ^jpn.tte^lBble;!*' caadle was burning, aftd two lnen ever, was -certain, Tom ^OT£'was'iHieiiB/^EjU'5a*I jmt a tall, .dark-looking' fellow, whose -dflatddittefl appearance and roguish expression betokened ;nottni» .very favourable. ' ' ' . ??' n ?? '??'???? xm ™ Presently, Tom produced the key of the cellar the lid was lifted, and I saw him descDnd evidently with tla intention of stealing the wine. Handing up a coubleof bottles to his mate, the fellow placed' fh'em-Stf.TBs ,ica^)acious'ooatjp6cBits. ' -, ;' -?' '.;:t: '-- ''? *- :.. A slight movement on my part, caused T)y an nneasv position, startled them, sad the feAl vacabontMnhV^ *bout him with an expression of alarm and =fSar, whioh 1 spoke volumes. . ' '' '? H ? ?? ?[? ' -^' ,A moment more, and they, took their departure t the window by which they had entered affording thbtt'egsj egress. The light had been' ctiernUy extpn£uuMall£e moment they were alarmed, the trap door \Xa lii£SBeTlar locked, and all left, as before their v^sit. - *--;'Et! ? I returned to my bed; bnl nottoiOeep. M-inglit long I lay awake thinking of the mostfavoraWoinaimer in. which I might reveal flie circumstances'1 ifo 'my employer. Probably however he wpuhT.not credit my unsubstantiated statement ; (eo that I deeined'ifBest fe keep strict watch over -the mnch-trustea Hbgan 1SI opportunity should offer of bringing the 'guilt -pope to him: That the man seen in his company was one of the bushrangers, said to be lurking in our viranityH lad ' not the least donbt, still my too/confideht master would not have heard a single disparaging word uttered SeoiiiEt his favourite. ? . '.'''. /' ' ?'?'; ^??:~ My night ^watches took plaice regularly for a' ireek, but resulted in nothing tangible. , I observed1 no mote nooturnl visits, though I had little doubt ihat the wise was being abstracted from .the cellar. ' .^ One morning soon' afterwards I was much surprised to hear that Tom was leaving the station for good. Pro ceeding to the front of the house, I saw him on horse, back, booted and spurred, and having a largeswag strapped on the saddle. , .. '' ' I'm off,' said he ; ' good-bye, schoolmaster. S'posa yon did'nt think I'd be going so so jn?' . ? ' No, I really did not!' was my reply, 'bnt where are you off to now?' '?Oh, home to my old Deonle on the Nip-in ; they want me there to look after tfie farm. Besides, there's a gal in yoai quarter, as I've been sticking up to these years. My word ! a fine 'titter,' too, she is ; so you see we're going to be spliced right away.' ' Touching the noble animal with the spur, he went off like the wind, and, ere long, was out of sight. 'Too flash,' said I, to myself, as I turned into the house for breakfast, ' depend on it, that young chap is up to no good '.' The day after his departure, Mr. M'Knight, having sold a mob of cattle, left the Btation to go to Carcoar to receive the money, intending, as he said, to return in a few days. The night we expected Mr. M'Knight's return, was dark and tempestuous, and he did not make his Appear ance, although Mrs. M. and myself waited up all night momentarily expecting him. Towards morning, above these wild strange wind- ' voices there came clearly defined the sound as of two ehots fired in rapid succession. I heard them plainly, and waited to see if Mrs. M'Knight would remark the circumstance. But as she did not, being unwilling io create unnecessary alarm, I said nothing, and waited anxiously for daybreak. The long night terminated, and after breakfast with some juvenile members of the family, I went ont a little way on the road te see if papa was visible. The trial then prepared for us J shall never foreet. There lying on his face, just as he had fallen among the brushwood near the road, was the dead body of my murdered master, and grazing by his side his faithful steed. The body we allowed to -remain where it Jay, un til the police were brought next day, And by; them the remains of the faithful father and husband were brought to the station. It was clear he had been murdered— shot by bushrangers ! .. .,.. -.,;...,, Mrs. M'Knight resolved to leave the station; atonoe, and to remove to town. There was consequently no fnrther need of my services as teacher. .;;iBidding adieu to my kind mistress and her amiable, family, I set out for Sydney on horseback, and with a. .cheque for a respectable sum in my pocket, I reached Penrith -safely. Stopping at Emu Plains for refreshment, J mas astonished to hear myself hailed by name, and a moment after observed, coming from a1 public-house, wmyjold companion, Tom Hogan. ., . ?. ' You here f ' said I ; ' why I thought you were tip the country with bushrangers 1' ? ?'.,-«*?'. ' Bushrangers !' he replied, ' no fear of that.^choel master ! I know nothing of them. Didn't you see me leave the station! Well, what 'ud I be doing about the neighbourhood after I'd gone away for.good.' . ' Then I 'sposo you havn't heard of poor Mr. M'Knight's death ?'' said I, ' it was a sad affair 1' . ' Dead ! is he really. By golly ! but I'm sorry, for he was a right down good sort, and ' all the suit' .to me. How did it happen p' Tom listened attentively to ihe full particulars, and on the completion of mystery, said come on; Jets have a nobbier for old acquaintance, and then I'll take you over to my old peoples' place : it's only a stone's throw from here-, they'll be g lad to see you, I know, though this shooting of Mr. M'Knight will vex poor father a good bit. You see, our old man holds the farm from him.' Thinking I might possibly get some clue to the per petrators of Mr. M'Knight's mim'er, for I felt con vinced from the first that Tom Hogan was concerned in it either directly or indirectly, I consented to go with him to his parents' place. I found the old man a genuine specimen of the 'warm hearted Irishman; he received me with the usual rude but hearty hospitality oE the bnsh, and while we were conversing about Mr. M'Kniplit'e dreadful fate a lond knocking at the hut door caused the family to start from their seats with surprise. 'Sure, and what is it?' demanded Hogan, as the opening of the door revealed to him several constables without. ' We've come,' said they, 'to arrest your sou Tom. He's charged with ? ' Stop, Mr. Hogan,' interrupted the first speaker. 'We arrest your son for the murder of Mr. M'Knight!' ' Mr. — Mac — Knight — ' he gasped ; ' me Tom — to do the likes ov that ! Nivir ! nivir ! Who shall say te did ? Oh, wirrusthrue ! Whatdoes it all mane t But you're not guilty. I know, Tom ; tell me, avic.' 'No father! I'm not guilty,' said he, 'B- — and G ? were in it, but not me.' ' Not too fast. young man,' interrupted the sergeant, ' remember, that what ever statement you make, will be used against you:' ' Och ! that iver I should live to see this day; Oh Tom, Tom '.' eaid his father, and amia much -weeping and expostulation, on the part of his parents, they led Tom to prison. ! Soon after, his trial took place; and I, in company with other witnesses, was examined, relative to the murder of Mr M'Knight. A very -strong case was made out against the accused, who, eventually, admitted his complicity with bushrangers, and the receipt of part of the spoil. The murder of his master, he, however, strongly denied ; and doubtless, his assertion was true, though disbelieved by the jury. He was found guilty, and sentenced to death, which BenteneejwBS; I^ttter wards learned, commuted to fifteen years imprisonment. The little episode I have related, brings forcibly to mind those words of Shakespeare :.: ''A:taan olsys many parts.' Daringmy life, the partsX nave \uAyed have indeed been various ; but the strangest of all was the part I was compelled to play in connection with the youthful bushranger. ' ?'? ' 