! GREAT FIRE AT YEDO. THE 'Japan Evening Mail gives the following account of the great fire which occurred at the capital on the 3rd April,' and remarks that the only conflagration which could be compared with it took place eighteen years ago. Two square miles of a crowded city laid waste ; 30,000 persons rendered homeless ; 10,000 houses have been burnt and from 250 to 300 persons have been! killed. '1 he wires from all that can be learned, broke out at a quarter-past 3 p.m. on Wednesday, April 3rd, in an adze washing, within the second most of the castle. A gale was raging at the time, and the sparks and burning shingles spread far and wide. Suddenly the the jumped as it were, the two boats, the intervening roads, and a whole block of' house, and then struck a Japanese house, and with almost the speed of lightning rushed onward towards the Tokaido. Mean- while the fire she worked in the other direction against the wind, and burned up the block of houses 'which came before escaped. The space between the castle midltbcTokuidons now nothing but a heap of ruins, with her and there is mud godowns standing uninjured like the ghost of the houses which before surrounded it. Not one stone remains standing ; on mother, not one house lifts escaped the general destruction; farm the Nihon BitsVn downward in a line with Tskiclji, and from the castle to the sea, is one bare field of desolation and ruin. Crossing the Tokuido the houses have been burnt in every, direction, and the people rendered houseless (way camped out. Dejected and sorrowful'. they bit in, groups found a mat or blanket on which is spread a little iona ; their misery is indeed terrible to witness, and yet with the thousands who are house legs it is impossible for any but Government to administer relief" '' ' líEbswgjnlong Kobccieno-síieet, on the left, opposite Mr. Water's house', was once a mass of houses. Not one lemons; all, ye levelled to the, ground; and 'lute the names have been so intense that some of the mud godowns have even succumbed. On the right, Mr. Watejis's house was saved, but next door the Kobusho has almost entirely disappeared. Again moving on, we come to the temple of Mon bruises which nothing remains but a bunch vase, which used to stand in the centre of the temple. Walls, chiefs, everything has gone, and this vase only remains in point out the spot where the temple once stood. The stone wall which runs along the street at the point had evidently been licked by the flames, for the office of the stone wits calcined, and crumbled 'away at the touch. and here was to be seen a touching' sight. Some poor man, who believed that he would be sheltered by the wall, had brought all his household property and furniture, and laid it, in the load, when the flame came, and all that was left was a heap of ashes. Again further on we come to the French hotel, of which nothing is left but the cooking apparatus, and piled away in a heap is A mass of twisted iron, once ' die bedsteads of the hotel. Close by has been another instance iii' good fortune for the English consulate and Mr. iS'ubold's house have entirely escaped damage, though the palings have been burnt in many places. Such good fortune as this issue indeed, and the only houses within the but the district which have been saved, are Mr. Waters's and those on the English consulate compound. Looking back from this we see the Custom-house lot, for no Custom-house exists now, the place being filled with the ruins of that long range of building. , Here the fire seems to have stopped on Thursday morning. The foreign concession was saved, and the foreigners living further away also suffered no loss ; but had the wind shifted, as it threatened to do about li o'clock at night, not only the foreign concession,, but every mouse for miles would have been utterly destroyed.' ', This is all that was to he seen on Thursday morning but the scene witnessed by those who were in Yedo during the fire was horrible indeed. An eye- witness tells us that at a quarter-past 3, when the fire broke out, no one thought anything of it, but as it leaped from block to block, firing at several places at once, the danger was felt to he imminent. The troops in the Side Hotel were sent into a place of safety, and several foreigners living in the French hotel removed their luggage to the foreign settlement. Another gentleman who was near the Castle at the outbreak of the fire saw at least fifty persons carried by on stretcJu-isJiieaily all dead ; while a third witness who was in Tbkidji saw great numbers dead by suffocation or fire. 'Mothers threw their children away horn them-into the water to be drowned, or on to the ground to be burnt- and rushed on to save them selves Two sworded men, drunk with excitement, but and head ed in all directions, and the men who were been disabled by sword- cuts were too numerous to count. In contradistinction to the daughters were to be seen carrying their fathers and mothers away, children just old enough to understand what was going on helped to save their parents from destruction, and what was more touching than all, was to see in the distance people full under their burdens, to be overtaken by the flames before they could rise. Such scenes as these lend an additional horror to a sight already sufficiently terrible, and though at this stage, when all is excitement and uncertainty, the loss of life and property cannot be accurately judged, we feel assured that we have rather under than over stated the v extent of the misfortune. About 10,000 houses were burnt, placing 50,000 people in the open air at the lowest calculation. The loss of property must, exceed a couple of millions of dollars. The yashiki, where the fire originated, was in the possession of the War Office, and used by them as a hay store. It was in charge of one man, who has, of course, been arrested. Thirty officials of the Foreign Office were burnt out, from the Vice Minister downwards. Sawa and Date, both of whom have been Foreign Ministers at different periods, were also burnt out, and Date"d son, the ex Prince of lawn in. The distress is overwhelming, and a meeting of the Yokohama Chamber of Commerce has taken place, at which a memorial has been sent to the Governor of Kanagawa, expressing the willingness of the foreign community to render such assistance as is in their power. I HEAR, O ye teetotallers ! The " Society d'Absti pence " in France is in the habit of displaying in the neighbourhood of cabarets pictures of the human stomach cauterised by the continual use of absinthe. Not to be beaten, the cabarets also hang out a fearful and highly-coloured representation of the interior of a total abstainer. REINHOLD AT THE GARRICK G.un. A very con- certed young man came in at the Garrick Club fresh from Covent Garden, where he had been hearing an opera. He was talking in a most enthusiastic, but silly way of the music, and still, speaking of one air, " Oh, that is perfectly enchanting it carries me away!" Douglas Jerrold looked imploringly round on a little oil cle he was trying to talk to, and said, "Can any body whistle itr"-Hccollections of John Adolphus. 