DE$E, HOLLOW. g; flna APXHOB OF " KAfflT T<TliK.K."- W . 1 PART IL I rjhaptbb YIL — Back ybom Bristol. I _ s iOontimtfid.) I Mr Arde thought of the ver y nio© letter he, I uimseif, had reeeiTed ' from. Tom, and wondered. TJ ing'thafc Interview atBristol, the subject was ot started, and Tom did' not happen to mention that he had wniwn to ms granurei-uer. ,i gut — has he not written -to you, Sir Dene r "Not a word. He is bearing malice, you see. T didn't think it of him ; or else he's ashamed to rite. There : let it go, I say. Come in at five ad eat a bit o dinner "with me, Arde. Goodness knows I'm dull -enough ! We'll k.ave it up here alone together, you and me." "Torn shall get a private hint from me not to hurry away from Bristol, and to write to the old m-in forthwith," mentally decided the Squire as he accepted the invitation. "In a week's time he'll be hack at Beechhursl Dene." VTonld he? If things did but go according to oaT wishes, well-laid plans - might succeed. The £rsb link in the chain of events destined to frustrate ginire Arde's good intentions, waB woven even Ai he left Sir Dene's presence. Turning in at the library door to say how d'ye do to the family, tad to tell them he had been to Bristol, Mr. Aide came upon Otto. Otto alone. He was leaning hack in an arm chair, his feet on the fender, reading some dry law book. The barrister was going up to London by the morrow s night mail from Worcester : a letter received that Burning was taking him away a day or two earlier t isn he had intended. Putting the book down, be rose from his seat to shake hands with Mr. Arete I'm heartily glad yon ve been to see him, Squire," spoke Otto earnestly as they stood over the fire, and he listened to the details of the Squire's journey. " la my opinion, Tom haa been shamefully used among ub." " Sir Dene waats him back already, I see that phinly," returned the Squire. " As you say, he has been badly used." " Fancy bin being accused of taking that bag of money !" continued Otto. " Great asses they must all have been to think it !" " Ay. But now— who could have taken it ?" " Who ! Why, Randy Black." "Bandy Black!" echoed Mr. Arde in great anazement. And the exclamation caused Otto to remember what in the impulse of the moment he had quite forgotten — his, brother's earnest injunction not to ipsak of Mr. Randy. He set himself to repair the damage in the best way he could. " Look here, Squire. I ought not to have spoken of this," he said, dropping hie voice. " Jarvey I hu got some idea in his head as to another man — not Black — and has sworn us all to silence in the interests of justice. " Don't let it go any further." The Squire nodded. Do you happen to know who the other is ?" " Jarvey won't say : it might defeat enquiry, he thicks. For my own part, I privately believe there's no doubt it was Black. Not to speak of the man's bad character, appearances are nearly oocclusive against him." "Do you object to tell me what they are ?" I "Not at all — as Pve told you so much. But I miud you keep counsel." " Of course Fll keep it," said the Squire. Fd cot help to defeat the ends of justice for the world." "And Otto Clanwaring, perfectly satisfied of that, with or without the assurance, related what had come to their knowledge. About the time ' that the robbery was committed, Randy Black w&B; seem to fly down the eide path, leading direct from the bay window, in what seemed to be an agony of terror. " Which terror might of course have been caused by a fear of pursuit— and most probably was," concluded Otto. " But who saw this ?" questioned Mr. Arde. " It was Mary Barber. She was homing across here, it seems, to borrow something of the cook, sad met Black in-this state. I never knew any cue that looked more like a circumstantial, evj- denoe of guilt in my experience," continued, the. tarister with. , as much assumption of dignity « though he. Lad been the Lord Chief Baron of lie realm. Mr. Azde agreed. In his own mind he the evidence perfect! conclusive against Black. " Sir Dene does not know of this, does he ?" he nked. , "Not yet Jarvis wants to follow up his sus picion first in quiet : if Sir Dene were told, he vould be sure to make a stir in it, and accuse Black And that would — would spoil sport," continued Otto, after a slight pause of considera tion, during which he bad remembered that he had no right and no need to allude .to the other motive given by his brother for keeping Black's name from Sir Dene — the debt " Anyway, whoever it may turn out. to be, 111 answer for it that it was not Tom;. Clan waring," concluded Mr. Arde. as he shook hands \ to leave. " have answered for that myself all along— and told them so," was the reply of Ojtto. " Mind , you keep counsel abroad, Squire. Above all, don't let out to Jarvis that I've said anything- He'd think at once it was going to be proclaimed to the P&tuIL; Arde nodded. "All safe. Trust me." , ent slowly down the front avenue with his tends in his pockets. The Squire was jra no hurry : f apon arriving at Jbis home that day, he had found . Wife and daughter absent. Not expecting him fact, not knowing, when he would return, or tere it was that hehad gone — they had driven ?T#rto spend the day with some friends, living u nehbourhood of jPowick. One of the. tK. at lodge— it wae a fresh generation 1 o 6 D0Wran ©at with a smiling face, .and held > I V? small gate for. the Squire : for which he 1 1 Crf? ®F head, and dropped a halfpenny into, > I ter blae cotton pinafore. t 1 How's mother ?" asked he. 1 sti Mother's a getting better, thank yor honour" \- 1 ».. chfld, bobbing straight down. : "-Pick, he, t 1 in3»-?n8a ha some snow-balling afore to- I bwlu'. Ewfoitously added she. her eyes I g at the prospect / / v"1 1 k returned the Squire. K There. Rta I V I k® sfcood, revolving what he eHW vronnj . ®hght ooveringof snow liyon the a whiu m? ?ogh to make the fields and roads jfli khouifef K peeping fhem the door, im o0Mr was oontemplating the lan d- i £fjB to the . tempting prospect of iosteSrf?" drde was debattog whether, te> 1 wmit-j yaieghome at ooce, where nobody I ferbim, he wpuld po fpthor go 6n to i '# ' 4 y 1 V i : Harebell Farm and question Mary Barber. He felt half inclined to continue his walk also, from « Ail safe Trust me, theSqujre Lad saidt<r Otto OlanWaring, tad tad ii ita perfect gool faith. He would no more have gone talking of this matter to a stranger than he would have set the Worcester bellman to cry it in that city the next, market-day, but it never occurred to iiiih to- think that he might not speak of it privately to tbedhTy one to whom (apart from Beechhurst, Dene) the incident concerning Black was tatfwh— who nid; beta the one to witness it, and to carry it to the Dene— Mary -Barber; Rather, he considered, it ; was a secret lodged between himself and her, one that concerned him in whom they were both interested, and of whose innocence 'both felt equally sure— Tom Clanwaring. " I'll go," decided the Squire. " I've got plenty of time on my hands, and a longer walk this sharp ; day '11 do me good. Precious cold that homeward journey was : one's feet get frozen travelling euch weather sb this." "Good day, Squire. So you're hack again, sir!" The salutation came from Cole the farrier, who met the Squire as he was wheeling round. " Just back," returned the Squire. " I've be?n to Bristol." A light shone in Cole's eyes. The words re vealed to him that he had been to see Tom Clan waring. " la he really a-:going to Ireland, Squire P" "That he is, Cole. According to persent in tentions." " What a shame it was, their suspecting him about that bag of money !" resumed Cole. " As if Mr. Tom 'ud do dirty work o' that sort!" " Pooh, that was all nonsense," said the Squire, carelessly. " It's known it wasn't him." J "Ay, sure : or else I might ha' put a spoke in the wheel for him myself," returned Cole in a significant tone th at caught the Squire's ear. - " I saw somebody that same evening not a hundred mile off Bir Dene's bay parlour." "I know !" cried the Squire in his incautious impatience. " 'Twaa Randy Black." Cole glanced keenly at the Squire, as if in Bomo slight surprise : and then his eyes went straight oat into the far-sway horizon. It was only that morning that he had received Tom Clanwaring' a letter, enjoining silence. " As to Randy Black, if all tales be trne, he's capable o' worse things than stealing money," re turned the farrier carelessly. " But I'm not a going to mix myself up in Lis affairs. Good day. Squire." " Good day, Cole." Chapter YIII. — Mjbs Emma. Gone. " All of a shake, he was, and his face whiter nor this here kerchief I've got on," said Mary Barber, in answer to Mr. Arde's confidential questionings, as she stood, cloth in hand, and her gown drawn through its pocket-hole, for he had disturbed her when she was hard at work in the best parlour, " bees-waxing" the bright old maho gany furniture. " There can't be a doubt that it's what he had i been after — -that bag of money," returned the Squire. " The very absurdity of his plea for ac counting for' he fright j that he had seen— had seen Robert Owen, would be almost enough evidence, without anything else." Mary Barber did not immediately reply. She had thoughts and thoughts. Dwelling upon the matter very much indeed, as she had done since her visit to Beechhursb Dene, she had come to a Bemewhat different conclusion from that which she had mentally drawn then. (< Squire Arde, I think he saw $he poor master. Any way, that he fancied he did. Because " " How can you talk such neusense, woman ?" interrupted Mr. Arde — who had never liked the report at all. " I thought that fools gossip had died out long ago." " So did I," said independent Mary Barber. " But it seems it hasn't : though what on .earth oan bring him above ground again — if he is above it— is more than I can tell. Look here, Squire : that terror of Randy Black's last Saturday night was real terror : and I don't believe it was caused, or could ha' been caused, by anything but what he said. Supernatural terror is different from other terror, say that caused by the fear o pursuit- Had Black been running from pursuit only, he'd not have had his face ghastly, and his teeth a- chattering, and his skin in a clammy sweat. He'd ha been flying stealthily, too, with steps as hardly dared touch the ground for fear o being heard and tracked : not with a great open bustle and noise, as he was." She paused, and gave a moment's vigorous rub to the table, as if to enforce the argument. Squire Arde stood, knitting his brow. Leaving the doth where it was, she resumed. " ®fady Black ud no more have showed that mortal fear to living man or woman if 't wasn't real, than he1 d confess himself a thief. It's the sort o fear men be ashamed to own to, and they never would own to it but for being took un awares iike, in the minute that fright's upon 'em. Why, Squire, he was beside himself with fright ! He a'most clung to my shawl for company ! If jjhe'd only been a-taking the money, would he have gye Jack Pound's boy a sixpence to walk up Harebell Lane with him because he didn't dare to go alone ? No ; he rather have slunk off some where by hisseif, and hid away from pursuit. Bandy Black saw the old master on Saturday night, Squire," she continued emphatically, " or thought he 6aw him, as safe as that my name's Mary Barber." " AU the eame he might have helped himself to the bag of money." " H e might" she answered, with actress on the word that indicated doubt. "I don't feel so sure of it as I did in the first burst of the thing. Maybe time '11 tell, sir." And somehow, Mr. Arde, a rather impression able man, did not feel so sure of it, either. Instead of returning homo when he left the farm, he walked across the fields towards the Trailing Indian. The narrow path between the grove and the fence, from whence poor Robert Oweu had fallen fas was supposed) to his death ; the pond < the lane underneath ; the did eow-shed in the tw?&cr;© meadow — all were tfaere just as they jutal to be a quarter of a wiitury . before. £qujre ; rde, pa«ing the familiar objects, had his thought /took in that by-gone time. - He remembered as JSw it had tipp p© and his relative the quaint ©Id Squire, and tGeoffry Clanwaring had made to .the Trailing itoiaqtheday afterRobert $»pPe,lwulwl!» : .and his awn vagae'dputos of Blaek. , If to© land lord had really had any hand ui hlr. Owen's Mdb it might account, for toqso r:#ts nf aupoy- npidus terror, that had oooaainnally nssailed 4dm suipe. ; ' ; _ Bilect and deserted qs usual looked the Traitofi Indiaawhan Itr. Atde approaobed ik no jng,Old.nf thejStable TrjH |pmor> frnV rp, rfrhrt J up i|o und his middle, he qre nq tovhnhiay altogether the air of being at home and at work. The Pounds were enough to puzzle people therp was such a flock of them. John aud Matty1 p©tad, at whose cottage as may be remembered, toe widow Barber died, had fifteen children. This Jtaag maDj Sam, was the youngest of toem s Jack, toe eldest of the buhchj was the falher bf the little lad who was carter's boy. at Harebell Farni. .- "J3 it J©a, Sam Pound !" exclaimed Mr. Arde. ,What are you doing here?" "I be a come to live up here, Sqpie," qras the answer — and the young man appeared proud of having to eay it, and pulled his hair, that was like nothing in the world but tow. " That there stable be in a rare muck o' pickle, so I were a-cleanine of it out a bit." " " Come to live here?" repeated the Squire slowly, thinking it strange Black should take on. a man when so little business waa doing to require it. " Are y ou to be ostler ?" 4t Man of all work, indoors and ont. Bandy Black, be Bent for old feyther to come up yester day, and they made the bargain at ween em. Five pound a year I be to earn and my witl's and lodging. They be nobody but mo to do nothing for 'em nohow," added Sam Pound, who possessed about the readiest tongue within a ten- mile radius. . " InHlord, he be bad of his cough ; and missis, her's bad ; . and Miss Geach, she've been and went off." " Where's she gone to ? What's she gone for P" questioned the Squire. " Well I take it her didn't care, to 6tay no longer i the face and eyes o' folks," returned the shrewd young man. 11 After a-cocking up of herself above the parish all these mortal years, and a-turning up of her nose at decent hard-working young men like our Jim, a fine market she've been and went and brought her pig3 to ! And Jim, he's a- doing better nor any of us, and could ha' give her a good home, wi' a side o' bacon in't !" " But whore's she gone ?" repeated Mr. Arde. Sam Pound shook his head to indicate his ig norance upon the point ; shook it resentfully too. "Her stopped the stage coach as it druv along the highway yonder jester morn, missis says, and got up atop, and sot herself doim on't j her, and her big ban' box o clothes aside her." The first object Mr. Arde saw on entering the . ton, was Black himself, groaning and coughing and choking over the kitchen fire. Whether Black's disobedience of the doctor's injunction to stay indoors, had tended to bring on a relapse, or whether it might have been the adventure in the Beechhurat Dene grounds that was telling on his nerves, certain it was that the man looked very ill, ominously so. The poor ailing wife, worse than ueual that day, was lying in bed upstairs. Mr. Arde sat down, . his stout umbrella held out before him. Now, Squire Arde had not gone to the inn to accuse Black outright of the theft ; rather, he intended, by a series of delicate pumpings, to glean what he could in an incidental manner, and thence deduce his own judgment of things. But, nearly at the first, he found himself foiled. Black evi dently could not understand him ; and when Mr. Arde spoke out more plainly, the man's surprise was so great, and apparently so genuine, that Mr. Arde was fairly puzzled. " Don't you know tbat Sir Dene lost a bag of money out of his secretary on Saturday night ?'' panned Air. Arde. " I never knew a word on't," returned Black emphatically, turning his white face (white from sicknese) full on the Squire's — and for once both face and tones seemed as truthful as an honest man's. " What sort of a bag was't ?— how much money had it got in't ?" 11 Well, it was just a little sample barley hag, and the sum was forty-five pounds," replied the Squire, giving him gaze for gaze. " Notes or gold, sir ?" rt Both." Black slowly turned his eyes on the kitchen fire, and seemed to be thinking. It must be owned that he had not the air of a guilty man. "Hearing that you were met flying ont of the gronnds about the same time, Black— that is, at dusk — I was wondering whether you had seen anytlmig of the robbery," continued MrJ Arde, thinking he was opening the toll with charming finesse. "Any suspioiouslooking people round the bay window, for instance ?" Black taook his head. c> I wasn't anigh the bay window, Squire. I never got more nor half way up the path to'ard it." " What pat you into that state of fright, then? Yon tod, I believe, all the appearance of a man flying from pursuit." " Well, because I got a bight. Squire. It don't matter what 'twas. I——" Black stopped short, iurned sideways, and looked at his visitor questioningly, . the sickly face growing a little dark. Mr. Arde thought the man had suddenly divined that he wae suspected of this thing. " I had got a flight/' he Repeated sullenly. " Fancying you saw Mr. Owen's ghost !" V " Did you hear that therefrom Alary Barber ?" questioned Black after a pause. " Well — yes. That's near enough. What a foolish coward you must bq Black, to fancy any- , thing so ridiculous !" ' . n I see him as plain as I ste you at this moment, Squire," burst forth Biaiek ia excitement. " He stood i the pathway right u front of me, tad I were close up again him, afore I knew what "'twas, a-standing there i' the dusk. I swear I saw him. I'd swear it if toa s my last breath." The recoilectioD even now seemed to bring out a cold sweat on Black's face. Mr. Arde, his bands leaning on the top of his umbrella, and his chin en hie hands, could but look ajt huta For some moments nothing was to be heard but the ticking of the eight-day dock, standing in its upright case against the wall by theUnney- piece. " ' , ""IT" " Never a. thing did I see i' the grounds but the ghost o'; Bobeit Owen," resumed Blsok« with the same amount of eMnestoess, but with - lees excitement. " Nothing frighted me bat that.. As to toe theft o' money fro Sir Despe'e nariqtoi 1 saw nothing on't, nor no bocy about to tomtheir- tobitocl ohtaing npoence when aoouaed of pmclung «ta |top#tet I a-gemg to ask leave to speak to Captain I <Jl|n waring," replied the man readily. "He's AM? tastaahieftea, patenting tatoewltabt nor difficulty to the mind of Mr. Arde. Sometimes he owed for tobacco at the Trailing Lian " I hear Emma Ge ach is gbne away," he re marked, the door in his btad. ' " Drat her( yes !— and I be glad on't," jexploded Blat, in a v«y different tone. " I'd sooner have her room nor her company.''. ' \ , " Where's she gone . ... Her didn't tell me. Took French leave, and waA off afore I gpt out ©' tod , Let her go where herwilL Dratted baggage !" A sense of failure, in regard to the mult "of his expedition, lay on Squire Aide's mind as he and his umbrella went dota Harebell Lane. . UI dpu'tknow. what to believe, and that's i'her tact," he told himself. " Every word - the ig»qke eeemod -true. But then— who pan trust Black ? But for Otto Cianwaring'.s strict injunc- titas to be- silent, Td ask the captain who the other one is that he suspects. As it is-welt, it's; of po good ,£or uie to meddle farther in i. Tom's cleared among 'em, and so let it go." Sir Dene' Clanwaring and the Squire spent a pleasant evening together, Gander waiting on them. Sir Dene avoided the topic of Tom Clan waring (and indeed all topies: connected with home troubles), but ever and anon a chance word would drop from bim inadvertently, by which Mr. Aifds gathered how uiuch 3?oiq was mused jtt ; nine o clock he took leave, for t-He host was weary, 1 and wanted to go to rest. ' t "Sir Dene feels Tom's atoence very, deeply,", innocently remarked the Squire to Lady Lydia, when he looked into the drawing-rooin, Where she was sitting alone. Captain Clanwaring .and Aire. Let8om were dining abroad j Otto had gone out to post a letter. "Sir Dene wants him back again." M Wants him back again !" repeated mv lady, letting fall her knitting. " Tbat he does" cried the blundering Squire--— who was one that could never see an inch beyond his nose. I think we shall have him back, top, before a week Or bo's gone over." Every drop of blood in Lady Ly die's veins seemed to stand still as she listened. Have the scapegoat back again !— after all her trouble! Bat she was a thorough diplomatist; and she' smiled7 sweetly on the Squire as he stood before her. - 11 You have 'been to Bristol to see him, I bear.' " " Ay, I thought I'd better go; And really, Lady Ljdia, I must say, I think he has been sent awky unjustly. Tom assured me that he had done nothing to merit expulsion, as far as he knew." " You are so -kind-hearted, dear Squire.; and so unsuspicious !. Of course Tom Clanwaring would not proclaim his naughty deeds to you." " The question, my lady, is — has he done any ?" was the somewhat blunt answer. Standing beside him on the hearth-rug, glanc ing round as if to make sure that they were indeed alone, her voice quite affectionately low, her emile sweet still, my lady breathed into the Squire's bar a whisper of Miss Emma Geach. " No !" broke out the Squire. " That never was Tom." " Yes, it was. Tom" And then she told what she had heard from Otto. Woven into a tale (as -she had been weaving it in her mind this past wPek) it seemed to be a charamgk&tory; oTproofs, taefittin'ginto another. Lady Lydia, herself folly believed in it. The Squire gave vent to a long, dismal whistle. " I'd never have believed it of him," he cried, his mouth falling. " What a confounded hypocrite he must be!" "Believe me, dear Air. Arde, it is better that he should be away than here," she plaintively said. " Better for the peace of this house ; better for that miserable girl at the Trailing Indian ; bettor for you, especially, better., for your daughter. Rely upon it, all things am ordered for the best" .... -- - " What difference does it make to my daugh ter?" demanded Air. Arde, opening his eyes at the words. _ Ahr-what .! But jMrhap© T ought not to speak out so fully," she added in her candour. I should hot to any ohe but yota|alE. : Heijrfil a presuming, designing Vfilain; de>r %A&. ArSdf He dared to fall in love with Mayp-there's zio question of it ; there's no doubt Be "dared to" cherish the prospect of making her his wife. Yes, , even he, Mr. Tom Clanwaring !" ' V .; J; The Squire's eyes dilated : the Squire's eyes: grew round with horror. He!— the penniless obscure scapegoat, Torn Cia>ata>tag?; " Make up to Miss Arde ! — to mydaughter !" to ftottered.. Why, the fellow must possess thb. impudence of Delia! ! Is he mad?" But that your own eyes must have been held you wonldtove seen it for y oumelf," .she paid, i «' I think Mrs. Arde saw it. There's no knowing what be mighVhave beguiled May ' into had he remained— a seoret marriage, , possibly - girls are . innocent and persuadable. Secret marriages run in his rata, you know." / s It was a side fling at poor deed Geoffry and , Maria. Air. Arde, overwhelmed trith a- oonfliot of feelings, vvondered whether he was awake or asleep. " Believe me, Squire, it is good for us all that he should be at a safe distance. Once in lreland, the spa will flow between him and us. Irf hjm tag there." . . .. ,i . Squire Arde acquiesced with his whole heart, and with a few strong words, . ;H<r would m ved heaven and earth then to keep Tom - Cfita-T waring and danger away, r$her than hdp to recall hita s.!- thousand pounds on her weddingi toy eovatod by him ! He began to see that to fcot a scapegoat, Md. nothing ,1m : >. jfefc that he had ttomihat moaey : jllto ElinMtoi of which Tom Clanwaring had, been accused found a willing echo in his mind. _ &o; tooi#J Is frail human nature- to" be stoyta IKmPs Interest. , . ? ii: -7 — ... "or .HI snow off his )>oots. in realily to jrtamp off TM» indignatidhi wtomf taocMh/ tetat totehftfortJta got to the lodge but Otto Clanwaring,— In a &w; angry words the Sqdhw<loeaMdi oethe new he had heard, and epmpand-Ttai to the arch- enemy. Y". . . ZHi l 1£f>ix "Confound iU X tashlhW iete my. tongue;, btim Td everMtalieamt JwrOttePit vexed retort. "We are noneiiobhite selves, Sqalv Idaibkf. As to thfttGesifiL .abqtory orw." t \- V.th. believed in him a'most at I believed in myself. Otto Clanwaring." j. And awav he went stamping furiously ammst I -i / ijcoi b! ikelxiiijgiilj. . 1 ' ' 