CREED OF POPE PIUS IV. No. XII. The Ylllth Article of the dLstinctive Creed of tlie Church of Rpme, wliich binds the belief of all her people, is as follows : — "I most firmly assert that the iniiiges of Christ, of the Mother of God, ever A'irgin, and also of other Saints, may be bfid and retained ; and that due honor and veneration are to be given to them." Much of what was said in our last, on the veneration of "relics" of the saints, will apply ; to tills. It is as luu'easonable and unscriptural to give worship to an image or a picture of a saintj as to kiss an old bone, toothj or .skull of his dead body : yet the principle wliich teaches it to be right and good to yon crate, with religious yeneratiou, those ;old, bones and rags, teaches also that men and women should bow down to pic tures, and kiss the toes pf bronise images, Both acts are iii open viplatipn of the Second, Oommandiuent. Traiislate tliat commandment as yon will, it is .still plain that its object is to coudemn the practice of bowing down before image.s. ,« Its " spi rit" is in direct opposition to worshipping God tlivpngh or by nieaiis of images. The practice of the Jews makes this plain : for ' Uiey never, unless wdieu they fell into sin, , .set »p ; image.s and bowed down before tliem. 'W'hen tliey sinned in the w-ilderhoss, and made, a calf of gold out of tlie earrings and jewellery of.the Avomen,; and bowed down before it, and danced round it, as " the God which" brought them out of Egypt,'' it is certain that they 'did uotwpi- ship tlie 'fjoUlen calf itself as , God ; they used it as the' Egyptians had done the same figiire, the, .symbol of God ; tliey attempted to worship God tlu'ough it ; they set it up before theui to repre.sent God, and to excite their thoughts concorning God : but this was the idolatry for which they were punished j for because they had broken the commandment of God, and bowed down before an image, thousands of them were slain according to God's appointment. If Roman Catholics will consider that the Israelites were then at the foot of the Mount of God, whore they had seen light nings, and heard thunderings, and the voice of God Himself, they will understiind that it wiis impossible that they could wor.siip their molten calf as that God, whose terrors they had seen and heard. It is inconceiv able that they could adore the idol as God Himself. They evidently used it as asyin- hol, as a picture or image, to remind them of God, after the manner of the Egyptians, whote worship they had been apcustomed to ; but this indirect worship Avas the breach of the commandment, for which God's wrath . .was so awful among tho people. There is another proof of this. The bi)azen serpent which Moses had made in the wilderness, which he set up on a pole, by looking to which the bitten .Israelites, were healed, was preserved as a remem brancer of the deliverance which God had wroyght. In course of time it became a " relic." The Israelites gave it reverence, and bowed down before it. They , used it as an image, picture, or relic to put them in mind of God, and then kneeled before it and kissed it. It is altogether too absui'd to suppose that the Israelites imagined the brazen serpent to be God Himself. They did not worship it or venerate it as God Himself. They set it up in a grove where they retired, and said their prayers before it, kneeling before it : but because of this, iis guilty of idolatry, as setting at nought the commandment of God, as provoking the Lord to anger, the good king Hezekiuh i-ebuked tliem, and he took the serpent of brass which Moses had made, and he broke it to pieces, speaking of it ivith holj' liorror and contempt as only a little bit of brass." Such a royal iconoclast would not be in favour in the Churcli of Rome. If any one were to break in pieces the image of the Virgin, and to say, " it is only a little bit of stone," he would be denounced as a sacrilegious lieretic : if any one were to break in pieces a statue of Ohrist, before which " the faithful " were kneeling, saying — " it is only a little bit of stucco," he would he considered a blasphemer, scarcely deserving to live. But, Avliyl This is the very thing which Hezekiali did, for which he received the approbation of God. Suppose the Chm-ch of Rome had the very " serpent of brass which Moses made what would she do with it ? How would she expose and honor that precious relic 1 Ten to one but she would apjibint a " feast," and , have a procession to do it honor as " Saint Nehush tan !" The whole procedure of tlie Church of Rome is proof that slie feels that tlie Second Commandment is dciid against hei. Gn no other ground can the fact be ex plained that she h.as always expmiged that commandment from her Catechisms and formularies, whenever that has been po.ssi- ble. We ask Roman Catholics to consider this — their Glmrch exjmnges the Second Gommaudmont whenever she can. How is this ? When she is teaching her children the Ten Commandments, Avhy does she conceal the Second 1 In Italy, in Fi-ance, and in Ii-elaud, Avheii the people were priietically shut out -from the Scriptures, the Catechisms of tlic Church inn thus " Hirst Commandment — I am the Lord' thy God tliou shalt have no other God before me. " Second, do. — Thou shalt not take the name of God in A'ain. " " do.-— llememher to keep holy the festivals. " Fourth do. — Honor thy firbher and mother," &.O. Now,;Avhy this tii.Tnpevjji,g with;the Word of God ? Why -this hiding; what God has revealed ? There is no other rcitson than that the' suppre.ssed commandment .'rs felt ,to bO; against tlie practice of the. Cliurch. For this very reason a.. Priest in one of. the gaols in. England, Avliere he had got him self appointed chsiplain, ordered that the 'I Teh Commandments," written up on the wall where lie lield service for the prisoners, skoidd be cover. id : as the reading of those Comniandments, .as they are given in the Scriptures, would be injurious to the ''.' faith " and " religion,''; of .the pri.soners ! The Word of God says, "Thou shalt not 'miike nntb thee any graven image, nor the likeness of anything . that . is in heaven abbye, or in the earth, lieneath ; thou slialt not bowalown .to them, nor serve them." Again, "Thou shalt not make nor setup to thyself a stattoe ; Avliich things the. Loia:1 thy , God hateth." Again'/ ' ' .Keiep, there fore, your souls carefully. You .saw not any similitude (or picture, or image, or like ness) in ;the day that the Lord your God spoke to ypii ill Horeb but of the midst , of the lire." And again, ."God is a Spirit, and they that Avorship Him must Avorship "Him in spirit and in truth." But in direct opposition to this, the Church of Rome says, ," I mo.st firmly assert that the images of Ohrist, of the Mother of God, ever Vir- giii, and also of other saints, may be had ami retained; and that due honor and veneration are to be given to them." Will intelligent Roman Catholic readers not see that the Church and the Bible are directly opposed to each other ? The history of image worship in the; Church of Rome is a very striking one. In the early ages pictures and images Avere strictly prohibited from the Churches. Coun- c'ls and Pojies ex)ressly forbad them. Y et, ill course of time, as religion became allied with the State, and the practices of tho heathen Avere adopted, to conciliate them, images were set up; and then, in 787, at the second Council of Nice, this is the lan guage which showed the state of idolatry at the time — " I confess and agi-ee and receive and salute and adore the impolluted image of our Lord Jesus Christ, our true God, and the holy image of the Holy Mother of God !" The practical idolatry of popery is wit nessed to us by eveiy intelligent traveller who has passed through Roman Catholic countries. It is impossible to witness the prostration of poor supplicants in Ireland, in Italy, and in Spain, before pictimes and images ; to see the Madonna croAvned and clothed Avith gorgeous ceremony ; to see the votive offerings Avliich are laid . at her shrines ; to see the painting and di-essing of Bambinos, and the kissing of the doll by thousands of people ; to see the snpeiAstitious reverence of Avor.shippers for places, relics, and pictures ; to see their gross superstitious dread for ghosts, and their belief in charms; to see them with their bottles of holy Avater in their bed-rooms, pieces of palm tied to iheir beds, and scapulars of one kind or another Avorn round their necks, to keej) away evil spirits and prevent diseases ; — it is impo.ssible, we say, to see all these tilings, and not regard it as mauife.st idola try as any that may be found in Cliina or India ; and all of it is tlie natural fruit of the Creed wliich rejects God's command ment, and sets up the opinion and device of men; instead. In Protestant countries these traces of idolatry are either unknown, or confined to churches and chapels Avhich belong to Rome ; and tlie reason is plain ; because the commandment of God is accepted as decisiAm, and God is worshipped, as a Sjyirit, in spirit and in truth. 