IT is feared that the wheat harvest in England will be deficient in quantity and inferior in quality. GOLD MEMS.—A crushing at the City of Hobart Claim, last week, yielded 36oz. lOdwts. of gold from 70 tons of quartz. The stone was known to be very poor before crushing. THE ROAD STEAMER, of which we have heard so much lately, arrived from Hobart Town on Saturday evening, and attracted a large crowd as it passed through the streets of the town on its way to the Waterworks Yard. TASMANIAN CATHOLIC HERALD.—WE have received No. 6 of the above paper, which contains a large amount of wellarranged local and foreign news, and interesting extract matter. The leading articles are devoted to a sketch of the lile and death of the late Father Hinterocher. FIRE,—A fire broke out about 8 o'clock yesterday morning, in the workshop of Messrs. Fidzgerald & Co., tailors, Biisbane-street. The tire did not extend further, as the fire brigades were on the spot with tbeir usual alacrity: Abuut £5 would cover the damage done. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS—Liver, Lungs, and Kidneys.—A large number of internal maladies arise from obstructions, over the removal of which these celebrated Pills exercise tha most perfect control. A course of them is strongly recommended as a remedy for almost all chronic affections— as liver complaint, congestion of the lungs, torpidity of the kidneys, and other functional disorders which cause much present suffering, and if neglected lay the foundation of dangerous diseases. Holloway's Pills are specially adapted for the young and delicate; their gentle and purifying action ranks them above all other medicines. In indigestion, nervous affections, gout, and rheumatism these Pills have achieved for themselves universal fame. They expel all impurities from the blood, and thus restore cheerfulness and vigour. o w c s a t m b w s s a ST. ANDIIKW'S BAND OF HOPE.—An entertainment in aid of the above Association took place on Friday evening in the Mechanics* Hall. Mr Alderman Hart occupied the chair, and the entertainment was under the immediate direction of Mr W. Tyson, jun. The large hall was crowded to the doors, many persons being compelled to stand near the entrance. According to promise, a very attractive programme was presented, embracing vocal and instrumental music, modern spiritualism, &c.;, and evi-ry portion was rendered so well that the encores made the entertainment much longer than was intended. Mr Tyson delivered a veVy interesting addtess on temperance, and also performed some very clever and startling tricks of a spiritualistic character. Songs and choruses were rendered in capital style by members of the Band of Hope, whilst Mr E. Hopkins rendered several pii-ces of music on the concertina with excellent effect, and also sang a uumber of songs. Mr Roper's assistance as a vocalist had also been secured, and he was enthusiastically applauded. A petite piece—" Dr. Gregory and his patients"—was performed very cleverly by Masters G. Johnstone, W. Croft, F. Stewart, D. Smart, H. Webster, L. Israel, G. Neal, and W. Ure. A hearty rote of thanks was awarded to the chairman. DURING the old French war, the captain, of an English frigate, having lost his main-yard during a Mediterranean squall, put into a small Spanish port to refit. But a difficulty arose. The captain and his officers were ignorant of Spanish, the Spaniards were guiltless of English. At length a Jack Tar was found who volunteered to act as interpreter. His services were accepted, and he forthwith proceeded to address one of the most intelligent-looking of the Spaniards thus, "Spuaro cum rondo, rondo cum squaro. Can you make a main-yardo for John Inghilterro ?" "Non intende" (I don't understand), replied the bewildered Iberian. "Notin ten days,'' gravely explained the interpreter to hu commander. "Tell him I can't wait as long," replied the captain; " I must be at Plymouth before then ;" and so set sail. HERE are two anecdotes of imaginary bedchamber terrors which deserve, I think, to be set side by side. Dr. Gooch relates that when he was bound apprentice to a surgeon, he was put to sleep in a lonely garret. Opposite the bed was a large cupboard, and as the key was in the door, the embryo practitioner conld not resist peeping in. He immediately repented of his rash curiosity, for within he saw the grisly form of a skeleton! Shuddering with horror, he hastily locked the door, and placed the key nnder his pillow. But he was to frightened to sleep; he could not keep his thoughts oft" the grim tenant of the cupboard, and when at last he dropped itno a doze, he started up with a shriek, being firmly convinced that two bony hands had seized him by the ankles, and were pulling him down the bed. My other tale is to the following effect. Towards the end of the last century, Parsons and Ned Holtom, the actors, were staying at a Liverpool inn. As the house was very crowded, they had to be content with a single bed. Holtom, a famous exponent at Covent. Garden of the character of Filch, and one of the timidest men in London, went to bed first. When Parsons came up, he found his companion with his knees drawn up in agony of terror. " There's a wild beast," he whispered, "at the bottom f the clothes." "Nonsense," cried Parsons, as he jumped into bed and thrust down his feet. But he quickly ithdrew them, on finding that they ame in contact with some shaggy subtance. Just then their alarms were ggravated by the stealthy opening of he door and the appearance of a' ilitary figure. The visitor proved to e no ghost, but an honest toot soldier ho civilly apologised for his intrusion, aid that he had concealed his knapack for safety at the foot of the bed, nd begger to be allowed to remove it. 