EXHIBITION OV THE BODIES\\\OF,THB PAR- RAMATTA MURDERERS.-In answer' to'a question. by Mri Hill, thé Colotí'ial'Seerotár^ Btatéd;in -the-Legisla- tive Assembly yesterday, that-it -was truo that tho per- son who contracted with tho Government'to- convoy-the bodicB bf tho men who wore executed on Tuesday* to the cemetery, had exhibited them for money in the street. As soon as tho fact waB known to tho polioe,!they took charge of the bodies and had them buried. ' Mr.'Parkes' said steps would bo taken, if practicable, to have^the person who hod committed this indecent and unwarrant- able outrage duly punished. ..>»>» >-.-.¡w«.-> ".' STOLEN PBOPERTY.-There is at the pre- sent time in the possession of the police a waterproof inverness cape, which was found in tho possession of a mon named Michael Hickey, who is supposed Ito have stolen it. Anyone who may have; lost such an article of clothing as that described, can get all information; with regard to the capo montionod by applying' to polio» sergeant Dawson, Cumberland-street. .,??>.> ,";' TEMPERANCE.-An amateur musical enter- tainment took placo on Tuesday night in the Oddfellows' Hall, Sussex-street,for the purpose of liquidating n debt incurred by a picnic at Botany lost Queen's Birthday, in connection with tho Olive Branch and Dove Divisions of Sons and Daughters of Temperance. The hall was crowded to excess. Tho first part Of the programme was , on ethiopian entertainment ,by Hhe Excolsior Minstrels, in which Mr. G."P. Jackson's "Put moin myi little bed," T. Rogorson's"," Cornet playor," and J. P. Henuessy's "I'm lonely since my mother died," wore heard to advantage Mr. Johnny Cowan was oncored in his Berio-comio songs " Sir Boger Tichborne,"; "Johnny Smoker," and "The Sailor Boy." Miss \nnip Milnor's rendering of "Tho Queen's Lotter," "My Popsy "Wopsy," and " Send me a lottor, Charlie," was, on the Cafe Chantant principle, accompanied,by a roaring chorus from upwardtt of 100 young men, who monopolized the back scats by standing on them, and in many instnncea they disregarded all order by their noisy whistling, stamping, and hissing. Mr. Barnett's " Dar ling Mignonette" mot.with a favourable reception". The "Flower Girl" by a lady juvenile waa deservedly .encored, and she substituted "Barney O'Hea." A sailors' hornpipe by Brothers Cardwell was effectively executed, and evoked - on encore.: (Mr., Parker's "Awfully clo ver" and " Carrots and turnip-tops" was also like flias Milnor's songs, accompanied by a, boister- ous chorus. À Bong ttnd dance m character, "Tho Crow " by Mr. Black was encóroo, fffl« ».9.S»9n.-gav« " tho Ghost." A Bong by Mr. Benson, and a concer- tina. Bolo were well received. The National Anthem terminated tho performance at ll o'clock, which if not highly mériterions, seamed to give unqualified Batisfac-. tion to a majority of tho large audience. : MB. ENDERBY JACKSON'S COMIQUE COM- PANY."-This talon ted company continues to draw crowded audiences by tho enticing evening's entertain- ment they provide. Last night the programme com- prised humorousland grave musical selections. Tho per? forman co oponed with tho Rickards", quadrilles, efficiently executed by an oxcellënt orchestra. Mr. Ramsden's " Sailor Bong" wss warmly applauded. Mr. Rickards' inimitable personation of " Strolling in tho Burlington," waa rapturously applauded. Miss Lizzie Watson thon, in n most fascinating mannor, sang the little song " Charming Lucy." An entertainment entitled - " Awfully Clover," rendered .by Mr. Rickards and Miss Rickards, created great amusement. Miès Lizzie Watson followod with the ballad .* Silver. Herring," oyoking a unanimous encore, and . this ladyi in conjunction with Mr. B. Ramsden, waa equally as successful., in ? an A.B.C. buffo duot. Mr,^Rickards then sang " It's nico to bo a father," in so humorous a stylo thai ho had to acknowledge an encore. The second port began with tho Clio Onion, by the band.' tlr'. Ramsden's baritone voice was hoard to advantage in the operatio song Tho happy Muleteer." , t'Ncxt como the sorio-comio song, " The Hammersmith Belle," by Mr. H. Rickards, willoh elicited a unanimous recall. After this Miss L. < Watson Bonir. '? Three to ono, bnr ono," and was forced to render a repetition. Tho incidents of mat de mer. was ably exempli- fied in .-a comic sketch, ;entitled, , "A . trip to Calais, by Mr. Rickards ' and .: Miss C. Rickards. Noxt como a musical melapgc, embraoing such national songs as " Tho Watch on tho ,';Rhine," "Tho Marsoillniso," "Scots whn hoe,!.' V We've swopt theiseas," and "Rule Britannia," BUDE by Miss L. . Wntson with great success. Mr.. rRjokards' : mirth provoking Bong, " If ever I cease töilove," called forth enthusiastic applause. ' In fact nearly every item, on the judiciously selected programme- waa so meritoriously rendered; that encores were the order of'.the night. ; ; ¡ , FURTHER PARTICULARS OF . "THE WRECK ! OF THE CLARENCE.-On Sunday senior constable Ben. nott and several of the townsfolk started from Fort Macquario for tho scona of tho wreck, and during thb - week several persons from Kompscy have visited thc. plaoo; On Sunday night the vosscl broke in two just io front of thb paddlo-box. She is dry at low water, but is rapidly. .-. becoming embedded in tho sand.*1 Mr; Ewan, ' tho purchaser of the wreck, has several mon ' employod"**"in saving what thoy can. J The. first mate remains in charge of the ship's cargo. When our informant left the engines bad not beon removed. _ Unfortunately, tho disaster bra not been unattended with loss of lifo. On Monday, tho 3rd June, 'about-2 o'clock, ono of tho passengers (D. J. Clancy, a photographic artist) left tho wreck and sot out for Port Macquarie. Scnior- constablo Bennett, who was at tho wreck, advised him not to go, brit ho persisted, and Bonnett ROVO him directions respecting tho road. He took with'him a smnlloedarbox andacarpet bag. On tho Wodnesday tho sonior-conBtablo sont word to sub-inspector Garvin that Clancy had started by him.-; solf, and finding that ho had not sinca boen heard of, ' tho police at onco instituted a search. Senior-constable Coady and constable Shanagan also wont to 'join in the search. On Sunday, tho 9th instant, about half-past 4 o'clock, sonior - constablo Coady, constablo Shanagan, and a man named ¡ .Tomkins, of Darkwater Crook, found tho dead' body of tho unfortunate- man on tho Big lilli, about ona hundred yards from tho top, about two hundred yards from tho track loading to Port Macquario, and a Bhort distance: from tho beach. Tho body was lying on jits left', side and partly on its back, wrapped in a blanket,'; close by there was a carpet-bag containing somo clotliing and photographic appliances. There were UIBO nomo half-dozon bottlos. containing chemicals ; those* were found on tho ground, and some of them wcro open. Thoro was also an apothecary's small glass mensuro, a ponknifo with two blades opon, a packet of biscuits, und an empty billy-cnn. On scorching tho body tho con- stablo found twelve sovereigns, a Ü5 note, two shillings, a halforown. a small lead noncll. somo matchT, und two gold rings. Thorn woro no signs of any firo near whore tho docoosod was found. Tho police tied tho body up in a blanket, and carried it to tho foot of tho hill. Constablo Shnnnghan remained with tho body, whilo scnior^constabloCoady wont to tho wreck to procure witnesses, and sonior- constnblo Bonnott pro cooded'to Port Macqaario for tho coroner. Accordingly,' on Monday, Mr. T. W. Palmer hold an innuost on tho body,' nt tho foot of tho Big Hill, whon tho following witnesses wore oxamiuod :-Mitchell M'Coy and Charlea | Stewart, who identified tho body. Sonior-constablo I Bennett, who saw Clancy start from tho wreck j aud constablo Shnnnghan, who found tho corpse. Tho facts oHeitod at the inquest were substantially tho samo ai those stated nbovo. . Tho verdict of tho jury was -"i Fdlind'clcnd in tho bush, bnt how tho deceased mot his death there is no ovidonoo to show." Tho left sido of tho' faco'lind been eaton away, an wan also tho flesh of tho back of both hands and tho calf of ono of tho logs. Tho body, wlion found, wa» considerably decomposed, and.nppoorod to havo been doad at least two or throo days'. ' About ono hundred yards from tho spot where the'deceased was found there was a gully with plenty of wntor in' it, so that it is mOBt improbable that tho unfortunate man died either from hunger or thirst. Jt may bo tha^., finding himself lost, ho put au. ond to hi» lifo by'poisoning' himself. # On Monday tho boilr was buried on tho spot whom tho inquest was hold. -MacUay Herald. TnE MACLEAY BAR.-Wo aro informed fay Captain Crcor that tho Mackay bar is in avery dangsr I oua -state.'. There bains; no straight channel, vessels crossing rñnioonsiderablo risk, as tho rollers of tho soa breaking upon tho ship's quarter makes it n difficult nnd liasnrdous tnBk to wind thoir way »long the conrse of tho. ohannol.-Jifa cfaav Herald. 