RESISTANCE TO CARDINAL CULLEN. The Irish Poor Law Commissioners' having had a notification Loin Cardinal Cullen that the Rev. R. O'Kceffe, P. P. of Gallan, and Roman Catholic chaplain of the local workhouse, has been suspended by him from the exercise " of any spiritual functions," have called upon him to resign the chaplaincy. The guardians have (writes the Pall Hull correspondent) passed a unanimous resolution, declaring that during nine years of service Mr. O'Keeffe has ' 1 doue no act unbecoming his sacred calling." His parishioners also take his side against his ecclesi astical superiors. Mr. O'Keeffe, on his part, has asked the Poor Law Commissioners for a copy of the "paper professing to be a suspen sion, " denying at the same time the Cardinal's power to suspend him, and challenging his jures- diction under the laws of his Church. The Com missioners finally refuse to hand to him the document, saying, simply, that it " bears the signature of tlie Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin," and " purports to suspend you, for reasons therein stated, from the administration of the sacraments, the celebration of mass, the hearing of confessions, and preaching the Word of God." Mr. O'Keeffe had disputes with his bishop about his parish schools, and took ac tions against his superiors in the law courts for libel. The controversy excites much attention. Mr. O'Keeffe continues meanwhile to officiate in his parish, and some of the journals censure tho proceedings of tlie Poor Faw Commissioners as at least premature. Outward Mail — It is notified that the royal mail steamship Bangalore will he despatched from Sydney on the 2 1st instant. Australian Winks. — The prospects of Aus tralian wines have been greatly improved by the failure of tlie French crops. It is probable that this winter a thorough effort will be made to introduce them into the retail trade which has now attained enormous dimensions in London. Tins, if of reliable quality and cleanly packed, there is an opening for. The Banished Sisters. — Eleven of the Sis ters of St. Joseph, in Adelaide, who were divest ed of their robes by the late Bishop Shiel, on Tuesday evening last, attended at the St. Igna tius Roman Catholic Church, Norwood, and were revested by the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker, S. J., by tho order of the Very Rev. C. A. Rey nolds. Visit of VnciiBisnop Polling. — It is re ported that the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Sydney will shortly visit Adelaide, accompanied by no less than three Right Rev. Prelates. — Protestant Advocate. Baptism in a River. — During a tour made by the Anglican Bishop of Goulburn, the follow ing incident occurred. We quote from the Goulburn Herald In the afternoon at three p.m., a remarkable spectacle was witnessed in the immediate neighboureood of Coineran". The bishop assisted by tlie Rer. J. G. Love, ad ministered the sacrament of baptism to two adults, a brother and sister, in the Tuross River. For some years the subject of their baptism had been under consideration by the successive clergy of the district. Being satisfied they were qualified candidates, the bishop con- Bented to respect their scruples and to baptise them by immersion. A congregation being as sembled on the margin of the Tuross River, the service for the " public baptism " was read by Mr. Love and the bishop. They tlieu both entered the river to a sufficient depth, leading the male adult by the hand ; and while the bishop pronounced the words, "I baptise thee in the name of tlie Father, and of the Son, and of tlie Holy Ghost," they completely immersed him in the water. Having raised him, and " received him into the congregation of Christ's flock," they pursued a similar course with the sister. Standing on either side, and firmly hold ing the adult by the hand, they dipped the catechumen entirely in the water in accordance with the alternative in the rubric of the service for adult baptism — " and then shall dip hiin in the water ; or," &c.; It was a scene never to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. The spec tators were somewhat surprised to see the bishop walking into deep water, and being himself considerably immersed. The novelty and solemnity of the occurrence left a deep impres sion, and the baptised persons were much affected. Bismakk and the Ultramontanes. — The Daily News remarks that Prince Bismark, by his somewhat scornful banter in the Prussian Parliament, has done about as much mischief to Ultramontanism as has recently been effected by the attacks of the German scholars and divines. The outspoken Chancellor declared that the mere existence of a Catholic party in the Berlin Parliament was ,a menace to the State ; and he described that party as " an army on a war footing for fighting the Prussian Monarchy." So anxious is Prince Bismark for the exclusion of sectarian religion from politics, that he express ed his conviction that a Jewish Minister of Pub lic Worship and Education would do better than any other in Prussia. The correspondent at Berlin remarks that Ronian Catholicism is in obvious danger in Germany. A Whim. — Dr. Goss, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Liverpool, is so determined not to ho burned when he dies with the orthodox trap pings of woe, that he has entrusted the duties of his obsequies to four Protestant geutlemen on whom he can place the utmost confidence that his request will be complied with. Steam in Palestine. — A Syrian Protestant has set up a steam flouring mill at Acre, near Mount Carmel, and is grinding wheat for the whole population of Gaililce and along the coast. An Armenian Protestant lias a saw mill near the mouth of the Orontes. A Protestant in Beirut is largely engrged in introducing kerosene oil and lamps from the United States, which are superseding the use of olive oil for light. — Neio York Observer. Tiie Daily News had a telegram in reference to. an anti-infallibility movement among the Paris priests. In a letter the correspondent afterwards states that the schism which has oc curred among the Paris clergy will shake the Roman Catholic Ohurcli in France to its centre. It seems that M. Michaud, ' the Vicar of the Madeleine, recently asked whether the Arch bishop of Paris would allow the priests of his diocese to give absolution to communicants who do not believe in the dogmas promulgated by the Vatican Council, and whether priests who did not in their hearts believe in those dogmas would be allowed to celebrate mass. The an swer was a decided negative. ' Thereupon, M. Michaud resolved to resign his office in the Church rather than submit to the tyranny sought to bo imposed upon liini; He will, bow- ever, remain a priest, he says, and baptize, marry, confess, bury, and give absolution when ever called upon, ancl wait for better times until he can preach again. Meanwhile he will un mask the Ultramontanes. New Yorii Church Endowments. — It may be said of the Episcopal Church in New York city that it was born rich. The value of its church edifices is estimated at 7,500,000 dols., not iucludiug tlie ground on which they stand. This is about 3,000,000 dols. in advance of any other Protestaut church, and 1,500,000 dols. more than the Roman Catholics. Mr. Sturgeon and the Title "Rev." — Mr. Spurgeon, in his address to the Walworth Young Men's Christian Mission last week, a re port of which is given by the South London Press, objected to be called Reverend." "I do not know myself," he said, " by that name. I am not entitled to the slightest reverence from anybody. If you must reverence man, find out somebody that deserves it. I do not pro fess it." Tin Infallibility Dogma and the French Clergy. — Amidst all the fleeting excitements of the hour, two matters of enduring interest have to wait until a calmer moment for the full recog nition of their great importance. One of these is the spread of the determination to repudiate the infallibility of the Pope among Catholic priests of high standing and undoubted attach ment to the Church, whose leaders they decline to follow on to a ground which they consider to be heretical, untenable, and destructive of the faith which the promulgation of the doctrine of Papal Infallibility was expected to consolidate. Just as the Abbe Gratry, withdrawing from the nttitude he so nobly assumed in Rome, gave in his rrtractration on the event of his decease (which has just occurred at Montreux, on the the Lake of Geneva), the Abbe Michaud, one of the priests of the Church of the Madeleine, in this city, has addressed a letter to the new Arch bishop of Paris, declaring firmly against the Infallibility of the Pope, and other Ultra montane doctrines, and stating that "a com mittee of action " is at once to be formed at his residence, 74, Boulevard de Neuilly, " and will be placed in connection with all the similar bodies in Russia, Germany, England, Italy, and Spain tbat this Committee will co'lect funds for opening a church, and to support'the priests that will join the movement, and predicts that " notwithstanding the difficulties to be over come in commencing, we, or those who come after us, will see on which side will be the fiaal victory — whether with those who fight for Christ governing the Pope through tho Gospel, or with those who combat for the Pope supplant ing by the Syllobus." This bold declaration, which places its writer in the first rank of the hand who are preparing to second the action in itiated by Dr. Bollinger and by Father Hyacinthe (the latter being now in Rome, where he is establishing the new centre of Catholic opposition to Mltramontane- innovation), and who will doubtless be speedily excommunicated by the zeal of the new Archbishop, and will show, by their indifference to the thunders of the Church, how little real power those thunders now possess. It is impossible to overrate tlie importance of the movement thus inaugurated in the heart of the most Catholic country of Europe. — Stella in the Herald. Steering a Balloon. — A fact of cardinal importance for the future is the accomplish ment of the feat of steering a balloon, so long held to be as little practicable as " the squaring of the circle," but which has now most certainly been accomplished. M. Dupuy de Lowe, a member of the Academy of Sciences for Geo graphy and Navigation, proposed a plan for steering balloons during the late war, and ob tained a grant of 40,000 francs from the Govern ment of the National Defence for the execution of an aerial vessel on his system. He at once set to work, but the war ended before he had completed his balloon ; and then came tlie in surrection ; so that this gentleman was com pletely forgotten, excepting when some paper happened to recall, with a sneer, the grant made to him, and supposed to have been thrown away. But he has now not only completed his vessel, but has made a successful voyage in it, with a party of fifteen persons — engineers, aeronauts and sailors — leaving tlie Fort of Vin- cennes at half-past one on tlie 2nd instant, and proceeding to Mondeoourt, near Noyon, at a distance of 110 kilometers from the capital, and the point" fixed upon by him, before starting, as the termination of his adventurous flglit. His vessel is cigar-shaped, with a double egg-sliaped balloon, the outer one filled with hydrogen gas, the inner one filled with atmospheric air, and acting as ballast, being emptied and filled at pleasure. The vessel is steered by a triangular sail in the stern, and at one ciid of the car is a screw propeller set in motion by six men work ing a crank. The great subject of air-travclling has therefore entered on the era of realisation, and who shall say what may he its influence on the current of affairs in the little planet we inhabit? Railway Extension towards Bathurst. — The extension of the Western line will be opened to Locke's platform (hitherto known as Dirty Swamp), nineteen miles beyond Rydal, on Monday. The Commissioner for Railways, (the Hon. James Byrnes) and the Engineer-in- Chief(Mr. John Whitton) leave town , to-day to make the necessary arrangements. The opening of this extension will be for passenger traffic only, and the goods and mail , traffic will not be taken by rail further than Rydal. This exten- sion will be chiefly advantageous to the people of Bathnrst, who will now be brought within two hours drive of that city. The extension will necessitate some alterations, in the time table. The Western train leaving Sydney on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays will, on and after Monday next, start at 8.50 a.m. (in- stead of 8a.m. as hitherto), and will arrive at Locke's platform at 4.40 p.m. — the time of arri- val at Rydal now being 2.50p.m. The up train, which now leaves Rydal at 3.15p.m., will leave Locke's at 11.15 a.m., and arrive in Sydney at 6.15 p.m., instead of 9.57. p.m., as at present. The up and down trains pass each other at Mount Victoria. The coaching rates will be simply extended to meet the increased distance. The first-class ticket will be 35s. 5d., and the second 28s. 8d.. Advantage has been taken of the republication of the sheet to make arrange- ment by which return tickets on the suburban line will he available for the next day ; and in future children and school pupils under fourteen years of age may have season tickets at quarter fares. This extension of the Western line en- tails a slight alteration in the time table for the South. The Southern and Western mail trains will now have to be run separately — the former leaving Sydney at 5 o'clock, p.m., and the latter at 5.10 o' clock p.m. There will be no stoppage at the junction now that the trains run sepa- rately. The up-train from the South will con- tinue to arrive at 9. 10 a.m., but that from the West will arrive at 9. The Saturday excursion train will also be divided. One train will start from the West at 1.30 (as at present), and another for the South at 1.40 ; the former arriv- ing in Sydney at 9. 10 p.m. (instead of 9.57 p.m.), and the latter at 9 (instead of 9.25). — Herald. The Fijian Bench.— Mr. Charles St. Julian has accepted the appointment of Chief Justice of of the Supreme Court and Chancellor of the Kingdom of Fiji. Mr. St. Julian has been con nected with the Herald for nearly thirty years, and for about twenty-five years has been the chief law reporter of that journal. He has for nearly nineteen years represented the Govern ment of the Hawaiian Island as Gonsul-Gencral for the Australian Colonies, andCharge d' Affaires for the Island of the South Pacific ; and by the last mail from Hawaii intelligence was received that the King had conferred upon him the dis tinction of Knight Commander of the Royal Hawaiian Order, of Kamehameha 1., in recog nition of services performed in his consular capacity. He has taken an active part in many public movements in this colon', and has more particularly interested himself in the establish ment and working of the system of local self- government inaugurated under the Cowper Ad ministration of 1858. The Schism. — The "schismatic " declaration of the Abbe Michaud has, naturally, excited tlie most furious anger on the part of the Ultramon tanes, of whom the new Archbishop of Paris, Dr. Gilbert, is one of the most thorough-going. The grave and moderate Debuts, in alluding to the virulence of the abuse directed against this new opponent of Papal infallibility, thus expresses itself: — " A priest of the Diocese of Paris, tlie Abbe Michaud, Vicar of Madeleine, has protest: ed publicly against the dogma of infallibility, and openly separated from the Catholic Church. It was to be naturally expected that he would be violently attcaked ; but we could not have believed that acrimony could be carried to the extent we have seen. Not one of the journals that have censured him has replied one word to his arguments, good or bad ; but what a torrent of invective, what an overflow of bile !" One journal asserts that some doctor (anonymous) lias declared him to be mad. The Univers says he has not long to live, being as deseased in body as in mind ; and its chief editor, M. Veuil- lot (the personal friend of the Pope, and the preux chevalier of French ultramontanism, and eulogist of the torture chamber, and the stake, charitably advises liiin to hang himself, accom panying .that piece of advice with the grossest abuse. The spectacle is one to make the ob server sick with disgust. And let us not forget that too man in question was, only a few days ago, the First Vicar of one of the most.important parishes in Pari3. A "Mot" by Bismark.— Prince Bismark, in Ills recent attack on the Ultramontane party in Germany, as distinguished from German Catho lics of the National School, made a mot which the liberal Gorman papers quote with approba tion. A member of the party assailed reminded. Prince Bismark that tho opinions lie now_ ex pressed were not thoso which lie entertained some years ago. The Chancellor replied that ho hoped he had turned the intervening time to good account, and added that, for his part, he, had " no pretensions whatever to infallibility.' Mr. Sturgeon and Baptist Ministers. — According to the Court Circular, in giving all address recently to the "Walworth Young Men's Christian Mission," Mr. Spurgeon is represented as saying: — "On Saturday last I received a letter from Australia, containing aii order for three Baptist ministers. I had some thoughts of getting them packed up, labelled ' this side up with care,' and sending them out by tho next mail. But," continued Mr. Spurgeon, "tho most amusing part was tlie postcript. This was it ' P.S. Don't send duffers.' " An artillery officer has proposed that our future cruising ships should be unarmoured, except by an impenetrable deck below the water line. It is urged that the requirements of a ship of this class are : that she must be a lirst- rate sea boat, comfortable, and fit for the- accommodation of a crew during a long com mission, probably in a great diversity of climate capable of repair in foreign ports, and, . in -the event of a sudden outbreak of hostilities, neither likely to become an easy prey to any ironclad nor liable to be sent to the bottom by the first shot fired at her. Looking to .the fact that we' have almost arrived at the limit of thickness of iron plating that can be put on the outside of a ship, and that vessels thus clothed have occa. sionally an uncomfortable tendency to go to the bottom, it is urged tbat the true secret of success is to protect the ship by an armour- plated deck in the form of an arch, which will allow projectiles to pass through and through aliove the water-line, The plating would thus be all inboard, free from tlie action of salt water, and would be placed in its most advanta- i geous position for resistance, all shot from direct fire striking at an angle and glancing off. The ship would also be well protected from vertical fire by the arched deck. She would carry an armament of sufficient weight for ordinary cruising purposes, and in addition could have one heavy gun on each side in a box battery, iron-plated, for an engaging an ironclad in the event of falling in with such an enemy. — Globe , The Bishop of Manchester concluded his ser mon at the consecration of a church, a few days ago. with the following anecdote : A few weeks ago they had in Manchester a week of special services, held in six churches in the most densely- populated parts of the olty, and at these services all seats were free to those who chose to occupy them. One evening a gentleman at one of these meetings saw two working men, and told them, to go to any pew in which they could get seats. They, took their places in a pew, and soon after wards a lady came and 'asked- them, " What da you want there ? that's my seat." One of tho men said to the other, " Gome along, Bill ; let's be off. I told you this was too swell a place.'." He (the bishop) left his audience to draw thoir own infereuce. . Clergymen and Parliamentary Elections. — The Pall Mall Gazette says that on the 19th November the German Federal Council passed a motion, proposed by Bavaria, for making clergy men liable to. punishment for interfering at elec tions, and an interesting debate on tho subject will probably soon take place in the German Parliament. The motion is chiefly directed, against the Roman Catholic clergy of the Rhenish provinces and Prussian Silesia, and. Westphalia, the kingdom of Bavaria, and certain districts in Baden, Hesse, and Wurtemborg. These clergymen have been in the habit, during election time, of delivering ' ' political sermons " to their congregations, in which they described in pathetic terms the situation of the I'ope, and urged their hearers to elect the Ultramon tane candidate, whom they represented as ready to assist the Holy Father in his trouble. The' effect of these sermons on the people was strikingly shown in the late inquiry which took place into the elections for the Bavarian district of Rosenstein and the Silesian district of L'less Rybnik, and a strong pressure was consequently exercised by the Liberals in some of the Federal States — that of Bavaria especially — on their re spective Governments, with the object of putting an end to such abuses. In several cases of this kind the elections were cancelled ; but this was ' found to be of no avail, for the electors, being still under the influence of the sermons they had heard before the elections began, re- elected the same candidates by an even greater majority than on the previous occasion. It is believed, that now the motion has been passed by the- Federal Council, the German Parliament wilt also accept it, in which case a paragraph to the same effect will be added to the Imperial criminal code of the 31st of May, 1870. We- commend this to the Parliament of New South Wales. 