CREED OF POPE PIUS IY. " ; -No/ XXV.V;. .The fest part of LAiticle Xli; of tlus Creed; .ofiiRome refers, 'as: we have stated, to' Rriests,:Bishops, and- other persons holding' ' df&ce; in the Church. It is as follows . /' And I will take care, as far as it is in my power, that it (the Creed of Pope Pius) will he held, .taught, and practised by those subject to ;me,: or by those the care of whom shall apper tain to me in my office." Every Priest, therefore, is bound, in the most solemn manner, to hold and teach the ! Creed of Pope Pius IX. He must do his (utmost, by G od's help, to make all his sub jects, all whose care appertains to the Triest by right of his office, receive, hold, and believe that Creed. And hence, what ever Priests may .say and do in the outside world to appear "charitable and liberal," they have sworn to teach their people, young and old, the false and persecuting and uncharitable principles of this publicly acknowledged Creed. The little children in the Romish Church are thus, under the care of the Priest, taught to look upon the Romish Church as the only Church. They are taught to believe that the Churches of Protestants are heretical conventicles, or " Synagogues of Satan." They are taught to regard all other religions as damnable, while salva tion is possible only in the religion of Rome. They are taught in their cate chisms, and in all the assumptions of their Church, that no one can be saved unless by being in the Romish Church. They are taught to look upon their Church, that is, the Bishops and Priests, as the only channels of grace and salvation which God has appointed. And hence, even from children, because of the oath of the Priests, the Roman Catholic people are trained to believe, that there is no hope for them if they should be separated from " the Church," and denied the gi-ace which only Priests can give. This is the secret of all the narrowness, 1 bigotry, and segregation of Roman Catho- lic people, like the ancient Jews among the Gentile and idolatrous nations ! Roman Catholic people wUl not converse Avith other people on the subject of religion, lest they should be reasoned out of the absurdities of their Church, and lest the Priest should " deny them the Saci'a- ments ;" they will not read the books of Protestants, for the same reason ; they will not attend Protestant instruction, for the same reason ; nor Avill they join in any religious movement whatever', without the direction and consent of their Priests, because, being the Priests " subjects," and the Priests having sworn to take care in this matter, they are afraid of losing the hope of salvation ! In accordance with these facts, the Pope, once everv vear, solemnly excommunicates and anathematizes all who are outside the Romish Church, as heretics, by every con ceivable : name : "We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the blessed Apostles, Peter and Paul, . fmtZ by our own, all . : Hussites,: : W icklyffites, Lutherans, ; Thuringians, Calvinists, Huguenots, Ana baptists, Trinitarians, and apostates from the; Faith, aiid all o by what- soever; name they ai'e calledj -and of Avhat- soever sect' they niay be." Nothing can be plaihier than, these; .terms. They clooih to perdition,, in an official and formaLmau- uer, . all f Avho are outside the Romish Ghuroh. ; Aud as if. the Avords themselves were' ' riot ,;'feiirfub' enough, -ndt wicikecl enough/rfhet /teri-ifymg .enough to . tliose whoffiear.them from the, mouth of the In fallible; ia.'lightedJ candle is da.shed to the ground, aftei- the excoramuriication arid anathematization.arc pronounced,, to iudi- cate. that tho.se to Avhom . they refer have theii' 'light and their hope extinguished for ever'!/."" ;Byery Romish Prie.st' throrighout the world is held to .concur in this universal and annual assignment of all Prote.stants to 'perdition, notAvithstanding the wretched 'clause, which is a mockery of charity, about .the '.'invincibly, ignorant." Is . it any .wonder, therefore, that Roman Catho lic people should be narroAV, bigoted, arid separate, rinder such exclusive training and ;example, as this ? It is only because there is a. subst/ratwm of humanity in the Roman Catholic's heart Avhich is beyond the brutalizing and hardening influence; of Rrimahism ; that such training as this does not invariably make them unfit for the society of human beings. ' We always distrust the pretensions of charity and liberality on the part of Priests who; are bound by the oath and Creed I which: Ave have above quoted. When Romish Priests speak of our brethreri of other, denominatioris, , '(other Christian minister-s, and claim lor themselves to do, among I the " Christian ministers of the! city. and rieighborirhood," Ave have an in-, I stiiictiVe; disbelief . in ' theh sincerity;. , ; We, hold that only one alternativ:e. is ipossiblri under the circumstances. If they believ-e; their Creed, to which they have sworn,- im plicit faith, it is impossible that the "sAveet phrases," and "soft termsj" and 1 oily compliments of Romish Priests to Protestant Ministers and peoples in certain districts, Avhen they are asking or getting some favours from them, can be true ; for these same Protestant Ministers and people are being annually handed over by them to perdition, or to the doubtful mercies of the " invincibly ignorant." On the other hand, if their soft phrases and com pliments are indeed true, then we deny that it is possible for them to believe \ theii' Creed. We Avould be undoubtedly I disposed to accept the latter alternative, only, what are we to say for them when they will persist in their savage anathemas, and take additional oaths : " Heretics, I schismatics, and rebels to our said Lord, or his aforesaid successors, I will, pro posse, peraecute and fight against T If they are truly liberal and charitable, let them renounce their Creed. If they really mean that there are other Christian Ministers beside themselves, let them say so in distinct and formal language. If they do. mean that there are other Christians, who are being fed, and sanctified, arid saved without their Sacraments, and by other channels of grace than the conduit pipes of Rome, let them say so in clear language; but if they do so, it will be time to tie up their Creed, and oaths, and Sacraments, and priestly powers, in a bundle of rags, and burn them "before all men." 