MR. E. W. WAY, M.B.C.M. At the annual dinner of the Edinburgh Royal Medical Society the chair was taken by the new Senior President, Mr. Edward Willis Way, M.B.C.M., a son of the Rev. James Way, and younger brother of Mr. S. J. Way, Q.C., of Adelaide. Mr. Lewis Shapter, B.A., was croupier, and among others present were the Bishop Coadjutor of Edinburgh, Professors Balfour, lister, BlacMe, Spence, Crum- Brown, the Presidents of the Royal Colleges respectively of Physicians and Surgeons of the Medical Chirugical Society, Drs. Andrew Wood, Balfour, Haldane, Mathews, Duncan, Argyll Robertson, Joseph Bell, Wright, McBain, Paterson, Croom, Angus MacDonald, James, M. Watson, Thornton, and Gardner. The Courant reports that in proposing the toast of the evening the Chairman said— The next toast which I have to propose is one which, I feel assured, will meet with a unanimous response from all here present to-night. I rise to propose "The Royal Medical Society." (Applause.) This Society, gentlemen, is one of winch its members may well be proud. (Applause.) Its origin was coincident with the infancy of our great school of medicine, and with it has grown and flourished—with it has acquired fame. (Applause.) It was in theyoar 1734 that our Society first sprang into existence. Stimulated by a desire to add to their knowledge, six earnest students of medicine, whose . names are deservedly hold in remembrance— Cleghorn, Cuming, Russcl, Hamilton, Kennedy, and Taylor, anticipating- the l>enetits to be derived from mutual instruction, determined to meet together weekly for the purpose of discussing a dissertation prepared by one of their number. (Applause.) No hall nor library had they to attract new members, but such was the earnestness and success with which the work was conducted, that new members were yearly added to the roll; and when at length the Infirmary managers generously placed a room at their disposal, the money which had before been expended in defraying the expenses incurred by their meetings being held in taverns was now appropriated to the foundation of a library. Such was the humble origin of our Society; and since then its progress has been almost unparalleled, for in 1776 its meetings were held in its own hall in Surgeon Square, and two years later it was incorporated by royal charter; and now in its present buildings, acquired a few years ago, it possesses a hall unequalled by that of any other learned Society, and a library of more than 20,000 volumes. (Applause.) And, gentleman, I think I may venture to affirm that the Rojal Medical Society plays a not unimportant part in tins great centre of medical education. (Applause.) In the lecture rooms we are taught the great principles of our professions. Then we have also the tutorial system, testing our knowledge and revealing our imperfections. We further have methods of clinical instruction, by which we are brought into close intimacy with disease, and are taught how to battle against its attacks; but it is the Royal Medical Society which alone offers to us the almost inconceivable advantages of mutual intercourse; it is here that we learn from one another—it is here that we communicate our ideas, and what little knowledge we possess—it is here that we speak of our experience, small though it be, yet important, since experience is the true source of knowledge—it is here that we learn to think and to reason for ourselves. (Applause.) It is true, indeed, that there are Societies in which more original work has been brought forward than in our own, but it must not be forgotten that our members are mere students, whose work it is to acquire knowledge that has been accumulating for centuries; and who, when their studies are so far complete as to entitle them to receive the much coveted degree conferred by this University, are scattered through the world before indeed they can well spare time for any original work. But, gentlemen, the habits of thought and love of enquiry after truth, acquired within the walls of our Society, they cany with them, and the fruits of their researches enrich the archives of other Societies. (Applause.) But, I would ask, where is the medical Society that can boast of a roll containing so many illustrious names? Can it be a mere accident, a coincidence, that so many of our members achieve such successes and win such laurels? Can we not detect some influence that our Society has had in moulding their minds? Well, gentlemen, if we cau trace no such evidence of cause and effect it matters not, for again and again have we had, from men who have risen to the highest ranks in our profession, expressions of the obligations they have been under to the Royal Medical Socicty. (Applause.) But the benefits have been mutual—the successes of our members have sounded the fame of our Society through ths world, and have at the same time contributed a healthy stimulus to our members to render themselves not unworthy of being associated with such distinguished predecessors. (Applause.) Gentlemen, I would ask you for one moment to reflect upon the amount of work done and the knowledge acquired 011 those Friday evenings during the past 140 years, and can it be said that our Society has existed in vain? No, gentlemen, if it had no advantages to offer could it have stood the test of time as it has done ? But for wellnigh a century and a half has it continued its prosperous career; and at the present time, with its noble hall and its magnificent library, it still flourishes with undiminished vitality. (Applause.) I conclude by proposing "The Royal Medical Society." (The toast was received with great enthusiasm.) At the close STOW CHURCH. —The anniversary services were held in this church on April 21. In the morning the Rev. C. Manthorpe discoursed from Acts ix. 31—"Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judea and Galilee and Samaria, and were edified, and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied." At night the pastor, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., took his text from Peter, chap. ii. 3—" According as His divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of Him that hath called us to glory and virtue." The usual meetings will be held on Tuesday. DRAPER MEMORIALCHURCH. —The anniversary services of this chnrcli were held on Sunday, April 21. The Rev. Hans Mack, from Tasmania, efficiated in the morning, preaching from Ephesians iiL 15—" Of whom the whole family in bsaven and earth ar2 named." The Rev. W. P. Wells, of Prince Alfred College, preached in the evening from Psalm viii. 3, 4, and 5— "When I consider Thy heavens, the work of Thy finprers, the moon and th-j stars which Thou hast ordained; what Ls man that Thou art mindful of him, and the son of man that Thou visiteat him? For Thou has made Mm a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honour." The building was well filled on both occasions, and the sermons were marked by deep thought, rare eloquence, and chaste language. A tea and public meeting will be held this evening, the Rev. W. L. Binks presiding. The proceedings are to consist of addresses and select music. MR. TROLLOPE AT THE PENINSULA MINES;— The Wallaroo paper writes :—" On Wednesday evening Mr. Anthony Trollope, accompanied by the Hon. Thos. Elder, arrived at the Cornucopia Hotel, Port Wallaroo. On Thursday he visited the Moonta Mines, and, as in the case of every intelligent visitor to the Peninsula, was much impressed with the prosperity indicated on every hand, and with the prospect, almost amounting to a certainty, that the great mining interest here located is yet in but its infancy. On Friday he visited the Wallaroo Mines and the Doora, again finding testimony that the Peninsula has an important destiny before it. During his stay at Wallaroo he looked over the Smelting Works, &c.; It was his intention to leave for town on Saturday morning, but as his stay is likely to be protracted in the colony for several months it is possible that we may again have the pleasure of seeing him on the Peninsula. The Queenslanders objected in some instances to the outspoken reports in which their distinguished visitor sketched some of their deficiencies that had come under his ken. We do not apprehend that Peninsula men will wait with any anxiety to read what may be said of their district. Mr. Trollope has but to record what he sees and the result will-be certain to give satisfaction." 