THE SUPERSTITIOUS HABITS OF THE QUEENSLAND BLACKS. A private letter from the Rev. B. Fuller, the devoted missionary at Frasers Island, to a friend in Ipswich, has been placed at the disposal of the Brisbane Courier, Mr. Fuller gives an interesting account of the work of the mission, and gives an account of some of their prejudices and superstitious notions. The mother-in-law must not look upon her son-in-law at any time; they believe that if she did be would go mad, and would go and live in the bush like a wild man. Con- sequently, when they all come together to sing at school time, after being taught in the classes, there is great cover- ing of hoads by the women who happon to have their mother in-law there, and you will see them " backing " into their places in a most laughable manner. The son-in-law, at the same time, will roll himself up in his blanket, or other- wise hide himself from his mother's gaze. The young man will not sit down on the same stool or box, or, in fact, any- where where a young woman has been sitting at any time. They imagine that the young man would sicken and die. So that we have to have one form or stool for the ladies, and another for the gentlemen. The shadow of young women must not pass over the sleeping place of young men. If a schooner is passing the mission about sunset, the natives will sometimes throw sand up into the air and blow with their mouths towards the sun, in order to make the sun go under quickly, and thus compel the schooner to come to an anchor for the night in the channel, near the mission, and enable them to get on board tobacco, biscuits, etc, which the captains generally supply them with. A man cannot marry a woman belonging to his own tribe, and the children are supposed to belong to the " mother's tribe." As a rule the natives will not eat pork, but I cannot get any of them to give a definite reason why they will not eat it. It seems custom handed down to them by their forefathers, and like nearly all their customs and superstitious notions, they can merely say it is so, or such is the case, &o.; They are firm believers in ghosts, and they assured me that there are plenty in this island, and that they can be seen at certain times. As a rule they are frightened to go down to the creek at night time. They believe that there is a devil (mellong), but they have no idea of a God. To give you an idea how the natives have decreased in numbers, since they have come in contact with Europeans, I may just say :-That on this island, which is about 85 miles long by 12 broad, there are, I think, not more than 300 blacks, and yet there aro no less than nineteen distinct tribes. But strong drink and disease, introduced among them by ungodly white people, have made such havoc among them that the tribal bond, in many instances, is almost obliterated. And like a few sheep left from many flocks, they amalgamate as a last resource. And as regards chiefs, that title has almost died out, the strongest man or the greatest bully, " takes upon himself " to be No. 1. Although the aborigines were not in the habit of smoking before the arrival of the white man, yet now since tobacco has bean introduced among them, they are great smokers-men, woman, and children. A little girl or boy about two or three years old may be seen with a pipe in its mouth smoking tobacco; yet they assure me that sometimes the mother will even take the breast out of the child's mouth and put the pipe in. We do not supply them with tobacco, but they manage to get it at the townships and from the vessels passing. The pipe is scarce ever out of their mouths when they are awake. And again, the Europeans not only supply them with packs of cards, but also take the troublo to teach them how to play ; so that we not only have to preach Jesus to them, but also to preach against card playing, for they got so engrossed in playing them that they will not leave them to come to school, and sometimes neglect their food. There are parts or portions of the land which they look upon as individually theirs ; on the death of the father it descends to the sons. They are cannibals ; they eat the young men when they die, and the young women, if they are fat. But cannibalism is not so prevalent among them now as it was before the white man came. When a person dies they skin him (old men and women excepted) ; the skin is dried and car- ried about by one of the relatives as a sort of charm. The bones and other parts of the body are divided among the kinsfolk. Sometimes they burn the body, and carry the ashes about. They believe that the spirits of the dead blacks come up and sometimes kill their enemies. They generally shift their camp when one died among them. We havo a native doctor here who, they positively assert, has extracted rope, stones, pieces of glass, etc, from natives that were sick ; they also affirm that he can fly up like a bird, and that he can go in the earth here and come out again at some considerable distance off, they also say that they cannot kill him, and that he will never die. CAITUKE OF ALLIGATORS.-The RoclchamjAon Eulluin reports the dtBtruction of three moro alligators on the Fitzroy Uiver. Tbo fisherman Colombo, elated by his success in capturing Big Bon, has been since employed in getting further specimens of tbo saurian tribe. A few days ago, Colombo, accompanied by his partner, Mr. J. Wilson, wore out on the river in search of game, when a onng alligator waa espied on the bank.- The creaturo, aving been shot in the neck, Colombo went to the brink of the water and seised it by the tail. The alligator instantly turned, and snapped at its assailant ; but Antonio, with marvellous dexterity, seized its closed jaws, and held than firmly fixed in his clasp. The alligator lashed nie tail in the water, and struggled to get free, and Antonio feeling himself gradually being drawn into the river, shouted lustily for Wilson, and lifted the prizo as high as poseibio above the water. Matters were getting «ritical when Wilson carno along with a rope in tho boat, and quickly oaught the saurian in a noose. It was thus secured, and has since been skinned and Bluffed. Wilson has ptoeerved the skeleton, and indeed every portion of the «arcase, and we believe intends exhibitiag it with Big Ban. A fourth alligator has also been shot, but it, with that «not by Colombo about a fortnight since, has not yet been captured, although on one occasion seen. It 'is now be- lieved that the Fitzroy River has been cleared of these :!.,¡lï^.d?,lM?,. T«> alligator l*»t captured is » male, M4 eight feet in length. . _ 