POLICE COURT—CLARE. WEDNESDAY, JULY 31. {Before Mr. C. Kimber, J.P.] George Rundle was charged by J. Moyses, farmer, Skillogolee Creek, with maliciously swearing that he would be hanged for them, and did thereupon take up a fork and run at'them. Mrs. Moyses, sworn—I am the wife of John Moyses. I know Rundle, who is my son- in-law, and many times he has threat- ened me. The last time he threatened me he swore and stamped before our door, and said he would be hanged for me. Before that time he threw a hay fork at me; I stepped back, so it did not strike me. I am afraid to lay in my bed on his account. We have had at times to get men to stay in the house to protect us. By the Bench—This took place six weeks ago last Friday. I am afraid to live near him. I wish he would keep away from our place. T. W. Powell, Clerk of the Court, sworn —I have seen Rundle before. He was committed on March 29,1870, for assault- ing his wife, and in July, 1870, for desertion. Bound over to keep the peace for six months, himself in £50, and two sureties of £50 each. RUNDLE V. RUNDLE This was a case brought by the prisoners wife against him for maintenance. Philiipa Rundle, sworn—Defendant is my husband. He has only given me £1 for maintenance for the last five months. I have seven children. I want £1 per week. If I had not had friends I should have been destitute. Cross-examined by prisoner—You brought home once a piece of mutton; you only bring meat for yourself. When you earn money you spend it on yourself. You fetched tea and sugar once or twice. To the Bench—He has given me nothing this last six weeks. Ordered to pay 15s per week. A real live moa, or something very like one, is reported to have been seen in the Wanganui district (N.Z.) The Chronicle says—Some time ago two youths were out in die direction of Mangawhero, and got separated for some little time, during which one of them was forcing his way through some thick scrub. All at once he startled a hugh animal, which jumped up and re- vealed to his horror-stricken optics the gi- gantic outline of a bird some eight or nine feet high. The boy gazed a second at the monster, which returned the compliment, and then they both made off in different di- rections, the boy in his hurry and fright falling and rolling down the side of a de- clivity. When he regained bis companion, the latter said he was ashy pale, and looked as though he had smoked his first cigar or seen a " ghost." Little notice was taken of the boy's story at the time, but latterly a person of incredibility has distinctly asserted that he saw footprints of a gigantic bird, whose stride covered three or four feet, in the same locality as that above mentioned. 