THE LIVERPOOL .ROAD GHOST. (From Mhe C'umberland Mercury.) IN the month of May, 1862, a pedlar was -m-nurdered-at a certain part of the Liver ,pool-road, near the junction of the Dog trap and Sydney roads, to which point ,the-.body was dragged. The murderer has' never been arrested, and numerous incidents have, from time to time, oc curred at the precise spot where the mu tilated remains of the pedlar were dis covered. It is a strange fact that not a few of the quietest horses in the district have taken fright at this spot, and in some instances serious accidents have been .the result. We cannot undertake to give a list of the casualties which have been repor-ted. as occurring near the particular -part of the road referred to, but.t their number is 'not.ssmall, and per. haps we may mention one or two notable instances. The Empire's Liverpool- cor respondent, writing on the 28th April, 1871, reports that " Captain Sadleir, re fturriing in his gig from Parramatta, on :Saturday evening, had just reached the junction of the Dogtrap and Sydney roads near dark, when his horse, a re anarkably quiet one. suddenly took fright, rushed down'the hill to the toll-gate, and that being shut, struck his head against :the gate with all his force, and fell down *aeaa. The captain was thrown off the gig, which was broken, but he received scarcely 'any injury. It is remarkable that several similar accidents have taken place at this particular spot. Some time back, Mr H- 's horse, took fright in the same way, but, fortunately, without ?any'accident. Another, traveller, with 'a quiet horse, on reaching the same spot, the horse took fright and bolted; and a 'man with a team of horses was surprised. to find the animals stand still and tremble, and nothing could for a time urge them on; in fact, several well-au thenticated cases of horses taking fright at this particular spot, have been noticed by the toll-keeper and others." To the cases mentioned in the above extract, we might add at least scores of :well-authenticated instances of horses trefusing to pass the spot alluded to, or exhibiting great fear, resulting in the bolting, &c.;, of otherwise quiet, manage able horses; but we will content our selves by relating a very recent case, which would seem to confirm an idea now becoming popular amongst certain .classes-that the ghost of the murdered man haunts the scene of the massacre. On last Sunday night, whilst three of our townsmen, Messrs. Sheedy, Howell, and Kelly, were returning in a buggy from Liverpool, a figure was suddenly observed on the road pursuing the vehicle. Whether fear lent the horse wings, or whether terror lent strength to the arm which used the whip we don't pretend to know; but one thing is certain that the unwelcome visitor was at length left behind-so thought the travellers; but lo I horror of horrors! what do they see, Why, the same figure again behind them, just running as before, and keeping about I twenty yards in the rear of the buggy. The unfortunate trio were now on the I Parramatta side of Mr J. Lackey's, and they had first seen the unwelcome sight when close to Mr Hodgson's residence. What was to be done-pull up and await the result? No, no, "Onward! onward I" was the cry, and the terrible foe was once more. distanced, or again mysteriously disappeared," and our worthy citizens re turned to town, the heroes of a retreat, managed so well, and so successfully .carried out, that--when we take the na "xture of the enemy into consideration we must give this small party credit for generalship never, surpassed; nay, not even.at Corunn'. The people of Parra matta, fully sensible of the great victory achieved, are thinking of getting up a. testimonial to the warriors composing this triumviral army who have-by the exercise of wise discretion - exhibited their valour. Some say that, having broken the axle-tree of their buggy op pjosite 'the Hon Henry Parkes', it was tied up by that gentleman's orderly with the identical cord which bound the Kiania ghost, and that the spirit' was in tpursuit, with a view of getting posses -sion.of this valuable piece of hemp whilst the hon gentlemanx was not there to *orotecb it. Again, it is seriously pro posed by one section of the community to' go out and"' lay the ghost," a process we should be very glad to witness, as we have frequently heard of this ghost-lay ing, but never yet' had an opportunity of seeinig the important ceremony per formed. 'Other people shake their heads and say, "Why didn't they stop and de 'tei-mine to see it out wvith their pursuer 1" But then those who talk in this strain 'uresiiritried -heroes, and possibly, might be. found wanting if tried in a similar manner on a dark night on the Liverpool We .have heard a few--a very few persons insane enough to say that the fr.,<uie was that of othe missing lunatic who esccaped from' ~the asylum a few weeks ago, and' has' not yet been found; but the individuals who talk thus, know nothing- at 'all abo~t'tthe matter; they never saw a ghost, 'they' never read about a g'liosti--no, not "e'e'n' about 'Fisher's ghost -"-d so there is nio use endeavour ing to tkeasensibile miew of things, nor need we expect them give "honour where honioui is due" by acknowledgritig the merits of onxe of the kableist metieats ever yet, effected, from " the ghost of the. .Liverpool road "-effected, without any casualtly whatever, not'.eventhedoss 'of a'. 'hoi-se, as cxper-ienced' under, the mnanage -ment of an' old commander of the Royal'; "Navy, Captain 'Richard'Sadleir.u' To wirite seriously,- however, if is strange' that so manly accideiiti' should "have occurred. at one pifrticuliir part-of the Liverpool 'road. AThe causes must be looked foi-, not ini' the supernatur-al, hut in the natural state of things. 