THE FOURTH QUARTFR. Our readers and friends will kindly take notice that this number concludes the third quarter of Vol. III. We shall be glad if all amounts due be forwarded to the office. Agents will please remit their sums, and we shall attend with pleasui-e to the orders of new subscribers. The supporters of our paper will be glad to know that it still continues to win its way throughout the country. We reckon the breadth of its constituency the best testimony to its success and the moat satisfactoi-y ground for hope of its future strength and permanency. We wish, how ever, to fill up the interstices. Our friends in. the various districts of the country- might help us much, if they would only canvass, and secure subscribers. There are many who have heard of the Standard, and who occasionally " see " it, who re quire only to be asked to give their namea and their money. Personal solicitation is necessary to begiir the connexion ; and if every present subscriber in the country, in his own neighbourhood, would only endeavour, our country supporters might at once be doubled. It is imiiossible that we should send collectors and canvassers throughout the coimtr-y ; the price of our paper would not admit of such e.xpense ; but if " one volunteer be worth ten pressed men," a mighty service would be done for us were our friends to help us in the Avay now indicated, in their several districts of the colony. We are not without enemies. We do not e.xpect to be without them. The miserable detractor who seeks our hurt from mere envy or malice, is not half so bad as those who frown upon us and our work merely because they cry for "peace." They tell us that we should not indulge in controversy. They tell us that our con troversy is too iinspai-ing. They say that we cannot convert men by " abuse." They say that Roman Catholics are not to be torn from their religion by exposing the sufferings and doings of their priests. And then they wisely give us advice — deal with them in love, and show them hy charity that you wish them good. Our friends would be amused were we to tell them how often we. get such charit able advice, and with what consciousness of truth and kindness the advice is given. But it is very provoking. We are doing the- best we can, and when we ask our couiisellors' what they are doing? They ans'wer,'",oh — nothing." , >We endeavour to disabuse the mind of Iromanists that we do not desire to do them injury ; but the very ones, who should hold us up, insinuate that hatred and bigotry are the causes of our work. We deal with principles, and chastise the men who teach the principles , wo do this fairly : we do it honestly : we do it by argument and facts which admit of refutation, if refutation be possible; and yet the miserable cuckoo cry of " charity and love " is always raised, as if truth could ever be overstated, or as if it were necessary to understate it. We fear that the cause of the prevailing hidifferenee to the question of Romanism is an imperfect appreciation of the value of truth. Men value the truth lightly, and therefore think little of the danger of error. Men value their religion and Pro testant privileges at small price, and there fore they are tolerant of the things which are destructive of those privileges. Men practically deny that they owe their privi leges and libeities to Protestant truth, and, therefore, refuse to believe that the secu rity of the one is the security of the other. And thus, while the cry is about " charity and peace," the real secret of the m.atter is, that men do not know what a frightful system of falsehood and tyranny Popery is. Herein is the present danger to our Protestantism, and "while men are sleep ing the enemy is sowing tares." If Pro testants believe that Popery is not the Gospel of Christ, that it is as truly " ano ther Gospel " as the destroying system of ancient Judaism was, which the Apostles de nounced, and that it is destroying far more thousands than Protestantism is saving from the heathen world, the fact would rouse the whole Protestant community from its absurd lethargy to something like zeal for the salvation of the perishing with Si, lie in their right hand. This is the secret of our work, and we intend to labour on in the doing of it. The Prince of Wales is PnoonEssiNa Favorably. — Such is the latest account. The leader of the S. M. Herald was somewhat pre mature, and the C.alifornian accounts somewhat .sensational. Yet there was great danger — the coimtry was thorougbly alarmed — the lloyal Family called to the side of the Prince. Thank God, th.T,t at this crisis, the Kingdom is not unsettled by having an heir apparent in his childhood ; and that the illness has aroused the sympathies of the people, and moved them to shame down the agitators who have been so busy in their calumnies against the Queen, ai.d their desire to bring the working men of Eng land to a level with those of Paris. May the Good Lord also grant that the Prince may go forth from bis sick chamber a Aviser and better man, and more worthy of the sceptre of England. Palmer-street Churcil — The eighteenth annual meeting of this church Avas held on Tues day evening last. Mi-. Jtlm Frazer in the clLiir. After the exercises of singiug and jirayer, the pastoi. Dr. M 'Gibbon, gave a brief sketch of the operations of the church during the past year. He spoke Avitli thankfulness and hope, and urged the audience Avith much earnestness to realize that they were unitedly engaged in a work which Avas designed to honor Christ, and to bring souls to peace. The chairman having made a fcAV remarks upon the past efforts and future prospects of the church, called upon the treasurer to read his statement, from which it appeared that the receipts amounted to £57.5 ISs, 4d. and thee.xpenditure£545 IBs. 5d., leaving a balance to begin the year Avith of £29 Itis. lid. In addition to this it Avaa shown that £320 had been realized by the bazaar Avhich bad been undertaken and carried out Avitb much earnestness by the ladies of the congregiition. It was also shown that the ladies bad m.aintained in oper.ition a Dorcas Society, by which the poor had been assisted with money and clothes. A report fro.n the Sabbath School was given in, from Avhioh it appeared that this Christian agency was being Avorked Avith success. The chaii'ma,n then stated that the debt on the manse and school exist ing .at the beginning of last year AVas £1,214 4s, 3d. ; but that uoav, by the kind effort of the ladies and other balance the total debt would stand .at £872 18s. Id. The question Avhich be Avished to Lay before the meeting Avas, how was this to bo extinguished during the present year ? He read a letter from one of the members of the Church, Avho Av.as unavoidably aiisent, Mr. J. B. Hoare, offering to give one hundred pounds to this object, 011 condition tli.at the congrega tion undertook to extinguish tlie whole debt- by the end of the year. (Cheers.) The chair man then added, that on the same condition,, he would give .£250. (Appl.ause). " If the con- greg.ation," he continued, "would take these two sums as a beginning, and would make a strong effort both among themselves, and among the public, Avho might help, the Avhole debt might be extinguished at the end of the year. This scheme was referred to the Committee of Management to carry it out. The pastor then said, thatlfafter so cheering a beginning, ho might confidently hope that the debt wotud be entirely disposed of by the end of this year, as be was sure many of the general public would assist in accomplishing so good a work. The chairman, then, in the name of the congre gation, .and According to the arr.angement of the Committee, presented Miss Lambe, and Miss Bain with a beautiful dressing case and Avritiug desk, as a small token of the congregation's appreciation of the serA'iccs of those young ladies, in presiding at |tbe harmonium gratuitously for some years past. Other business was disposed of, and the meeting broke up, after the Aposto lic benediction had been pronounced, at 10 o'clock. "A Lady's Vieav of the Public School System."— Under this he.Ading a paragraph Appeared in the Herald of Tuesday last. The paragraph hiia not one word, good or bad, upon tue "Public School system," but consists of a few kind expressions Avhich a Irs. Jolui Powell made on the ocoasion of the laying of the founda tion stone of the Public School at Jerildcrie. They were addressed to fathers and mothers, and the teacher, a Miss Mahouey, is spoken of as good to the children, and likely to be blessed witli children of her oavh ! We hope so, but the Public School system is never once alluded to. As a reply to this senseless paragraph, Avhicb Mr. Fairfax, in his zeal for Public Schools, smce his appointment to the Counuil, must haA e thought good, Ave give a true case, — "a lady's view of the Public School system." The' lady in question Avas a governess of a superior stamp, .and employed in conducting the stupes of the daughters of a certain citizen, not a hun dred miles from Sydney. It happened that .the Public School of the neighbourhood Avas to be examiued. She expressed a Avisli to be present, that she might see - the style, and compare it Avith the style in England, with which she was Avell acquainted. At the hour appointed the inspector came. As if the gentleman intended to give the lady a specimen of bis qualities, he roared, stamped, scolded, puzzled the cliildren, looked daggers at the teacher, found fault with everything, made a bad report, and then went aAvay as if conscious that ho had astonished the natives, and achieved a work Avhich was Avoitli recording! The lady Avas shocked and dis gusted beyond measure. She said, Avhat one less competent to form an opinion might have done, "If this be a specimen of the Public School system, the system is bad. Inspectors in England are gentlemen, Avho aim at getting out Avbat the children know ; but this man has not one particle of the gentleman in him, and his aim seems to have been to perplex and dnmb- Eounder the children." This is a "vieAv" Avorth recording, as it bears upon a nuisance which threatens to destroy the working of .tu Act Avhich deserves better treatment. It is a "lady's a'iew." The Unlawfully held Land. — As Parlia ment meets next Aveek, Ave remmd the members in the House that there are two pieces of land Avhich ought to be euquircd after. The Ministry arc accused by some of favouring the Eoman- ists. It is said that they Avill make matters smooth to get the votes of the Roman members, on the questions Avhich are expected to be raised, and on the "no confidence " motion Avhicli is to bo proposed by Mr. Forster. It is said that the Romanists Avill get the tAvo pieces of laud ar ranged, and that in return they Avill maintain Sir James Martin against Mr. Parkes and Mr. Forster. Wo cannot believe such reports. But aa-e Avish that the two pieces of land be enquired after, so that the Ministry may say Avhat they intend to do. This may be a straAV m the wind. "No Confidence Censure." — We under stand that Mr. Forster intends to move, aa'heu the House meets, that the Ministry has not the confidenco of the P.arliament, because of their action concerning the Border Duties. In anti- cqiatiou of the result cf such a vote, the Herald seemed to " I'at " a little on Wednesday last. Be this as it may, Avhat Avill bo the state of parties if the motion succeed?. Of course the Ministry will resign. But who Avill come after ? WiU Mr. Forster join M.r. Parkes ? Will Mr. Forster i-efuse, and advise that Mr. Parkes be sent for? . If it be Mr. Forster's Ministry, avTio Avill join him?" If it be Mr. P.arkes' Ministry, aa'bo will bo his colloagiie&? We confess that we are puzzled. Will the Butler party help Forster or Mr. Parkes to punish Mr. Martin? Will that party help Su- James, as more likely, after all, to serve " the church " than the party of which Mr. Forster or Mr. Parkes is leader ? The Romanists have no reason to distrust Mr. Forster. They remember the Sun day morning breakfast. The " Feast of the Im maculate Conception " will soon be round again! They remember the Ryde prosecution. All this is decidedly in favour of Mr. Forster ; but Avbo will join bim ? The Romanists have good rea son to suspect Mr. Parkes ; but is no modifica tion possible ? Could not Mr. Parkes do some thing to prove to the Romish community that ho is not their enemy ? Be once startled them by devotion to Mr. Duncan ; could he hot startle them much more, and most agreeably surprise them, by favour to Mr. Butler? We say nothing ; but we think that such a coalition would hide all the sins of the Kiama Ghost ; and then, Avould not this be better than helping Mr. Martin ? All these arc points which are now being speculated upon ; for although Sir James may have a right to ask for a dissolution, Ave hardly think that he Avould like to go to the country on such a question as the Border Duties. A few days more will reveal the prospects of the Martin Ministry. The Neav Inspector, Mr. 0' Burn. --We have had a good many enquiries about the new Inspector, Mr. O'Biirn, late teacher of St. Mary's school, Sydney. We have been asked who he is ? Avhat he is ? and Avhat claims he had for the appointment ? As he is to he one of the privi leged body who are the "masters of the masters," it is natural that the teachers, Avho are to come under his inspecting eye, and who are to be de pendent on him "for life and breath and all things," in their schools, should he anxious. We cannot pretend to give very full information, but the following items will be instructive. He is a Romanist, and one who has always stuck close to the pi iests. Through all the difficulties which the Oouncil of Education has had Avith the priests, O'Bum has taken the aide of "the Church." He has conducted his school so as to please them, and he has uniformly been regarded as a thorough Romish denominationalist. It is said that when Inspectors havedropped suddenly into St. Mary's Female School, the rev. mothers or sisters .hiive despatched notice to O'Burn that ho might bo ready to receive their A'isit with due preparation. It is certain therefore that the appointment of O'Bum has some significance. Great interest Awas made for him. The priests were all anxious and busy. He is so decidedly a priest's man that there was a clear object in lauourlng to get him appointed. Is not his appointment a sop ? Is it not intended to con ciliate " the church ?" It is a fact that if the Council had intended to do this little bit of state craft, Mr. O'Bum is exactly the man of all others on whom it could most successfully be practiced. Mr. O'Bum has been a teacher for many years, but his claim to the Inspectorship is not very clear. We have read the report Avhich was made of his school in '69, and it is anything but creditable. We have read also the report for '70, and it is not by any means of a high character. The report for '71 is not yet in our band ; but it must really be marvellous, if the "practical skill and moral tone," of Mr. O'Burn have risen in one year from a very Ioav figure indeed to be so supereminently excellent as to be entitled beyond all others to the first rank of Inspectorship I The appointment of Mr. O'Burn gives the Romish Church three or rather four out of the eicA'en or tAvelve Inspectors, for while one does not pretend to he a Romanist, the ties Avhich connect him with that poAverful body are not considerable. If, therefore, the priests have now their full proportion, ought they not to be Avell pleased ? We are glad to find the S. M. Herald so com pletely at one with ourselves in the matter of stylites. We wish the leading journal would alAvays adopt this Avholesome, honest tone, to- Avard the moral pests andhumbugsof the colony. ' ' The speeches of several gentlemen at the late meeting, particularly that of the Rev. Mr. Pillars, Avere offensive to many, and beside the question. We do not recognise in his position anything that entitles him to speak as the re- preseiitatiA'o of the clergy of the city. Much less do his peculiar opinions qualify huu to judge critically of their doctrmes or conduct. There are many estimable men who may not feel that their vocation in life is the support of the stage. They are not conciliated by the manner in which it is frequently conducted ; they are not attracted by the conduct of many who attended upon it ; they are not allured by the neighbourhood which too often surrounds it. The subjects of the colonial drama are some times repulsive to their tastes — they are based upon entirely different views of life and human duty. These people haA'e no Avish to initiate their families into the heroic history of Jack Sheppard, or the motiA'cs which elevate above matronly virtue the benevolent prostitutes. They have the sober claims of life ever recurr ing to occupy their attention. They cannot spare the money necessary to support the vary ing amusements of the stage. All these motives more or less influenee a large portion of the pub- lie to vieAV attendance at the theatre in a differ ent light from that indicated by the Rev. Mr. Pillars." The consequences of Popish rule in a city. — The Herald remarks ; — Not one-third of the population of New York can read. In the county gaols out of 568 persons interrogated only 8 Avere found with superior education, Avhile 179 could not read, and 118 could only read. So that over the entire population 31 per cent. Avere Avholly nnediicated, and not two per cent. aa'clI educated. In the New York City Prison, out of 47,313 only 625 were well edu cated, Avliile 3439 could not re.ad at all. and 12,604 could only read. This, after the shame less plundering of the public funds for Popish schools and churches for many years. " Larraicin.s " tlirOAA' stones in the domain — they cut a boy's head lately, and annoy the SAviinmers in 'the baths, and even the ladies. We suuHest whiDcord or AA'halebone. Madrid, November 24. — The Gorrespondmcia says that ansAv:ers which liaA'c been made to recent private inquiries slioAV that Great Britain is ready to receive from Spain, proposals for the restitution of Gibraltar. Don't tbey Avish they may get it ? Mr. Scott complains that 'although his fire works Avere attended by 8000 people he has nothing to give to the Destitute Children's Society, 7000 having got in AAithout paying. Surely there must htvA'c been some mismanage ment. Our people are not so heartless and shabby as this. The Paris Press on Kelly's Acquittal. — The Paris Figaro says : — "Decidedly the world is mad — all the Avorld, you understand. In one of the numerous demonstrations of which Dublin is the scene an Irishman named Kelly, yielding to the impressible genius of bis nation, assassi nates a constable named Talbot, who died of his wounds in the hospital. The Soir tells us that a jur' was summoned, and Kelly appeared before them. 'Talbot,' argued the counsel for the defence, ' died from the effects of the operation Avhich was performed upon him. Prosecute the surgeons, and not my ' client, whose part in this business was confined to sending a bullet into Talbot's body.' This luminous defence en lightened the conscience of the jury, who ac quitted Kelly. This argument has a novel effect, although it is borrowed from a French laAvyer, M. Chaix d'Est Ange, who, in a case where an old man had been murdered, put this case — ' Suppose that the unfortunate a'ictim had been struck with apoplexy between the moment when his assailant lifted his axe and that at which the axe fell upon him, in such a case you will have condemned an umocent man." 