THF. PF.IIl'KTli'AL ALMANAC; OE CiLNTLKMAX SOLDI i;l(S i-iiaVK1M1G0I£. [Telling bow one Uiohard MidJleton was taken before the Mayor of tlie city bo win in for u-ing cards in ch,u,rchduriu.K diviuc service; being » droll, merry, nnd humour amount of nn mid affair that hap pened lo a private soldier iu the (Mill re giment of foul.] . I lit' St*rl!l*UnL ruiuiliuuutu un jjjiij i-u the church, anil when the ]-arsou had ended his prayer, be to 'k Ins extent ; and all of them lhat had a U.hle pulled it out to find the tell; but this soldier had neither Dibit-, alilianai;!;, ui' common nrover-uook. He put his baud in his puckut and pulled out a pack ol cams, ana spread them before bun us he sat. W liilo tlic parson was pre.clii.iB ho first kept lookinn at one nurd and ihon at another. Tim «-jr»™nt of ilic company saw him, nnd snid. ?? ltic.hurd, pul up your cards ; for (his is no plane for llioiu. ??Nover mind '.hal,' said the soldier, « for you have nobu-incss with me here.' When the parson hud ended his sermon nnd oil was done, the soldiers repaired to the churebvaM, and Iho commanding officer -aie the word ol command to fall in. which theydid. Tho serCeant of the city took llie soldier prisoner. ' Man. y-iu are my prisoner,' said the Bemoan I. ?? ilf '' snid the soldier, ' Whnt hive 1 done that I should be your prisoner ' ? 'Vou have plnycd u, qumc ufoards in chili-nil,' said the norueuut. Said Ihu soldier, ' 1 hivo not played a game of cards iuchuroli ; I ouly looked nt a pack.' ' Xo matter for that, you arc my pri ' Where musl we go ? ' asked the ' Y'ou must go before tho Mayor,' said the sergeant. oo tie took mm ucioro me mayor, ana when they oatnc to the Mayor s house, ho w.is at dinner. When he had dined, he camo to them and said, ' Well, sergeant, what do you want with me.' ' I have brought a soldier before your Flonor fjr playing ot cards iu the church, 11 What ! that soldier ? ' ' Yes,' 'Well, soldier, what huTo you to sny for yourself P' ''Much, sir, I hope.' ' Well ana good ; butif you have not, vou shall bo nunished the worst that ever man was.' ' Sir,' said the soldier, ' I havo been fivo weeks upon the m,nrch, and bavca but little to subsiBt on, and am without cither Uible, almanack, or common nrayer-book, or anything but a pack of cards. I hopo to satisfy your Honor of the purity of ay intention, Then the soldier pulled out of his pocket the pack of cards, whtoh lie spread before the Mayor, end began with the ace. 11 When I see Iho ooc.' said he, ' it puts mo in mind there is one God only ; when I see tho deuce, it puts me in mind of the Father ond the Sou ; when I see the tray, it puts me in mind of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost; when I see the four, it puts me in mind of tho four Evangelists that preached tho Gospel, vie— Mntthow. Mark. Luke, and Jolin s when lice the five, it put mci in mind of the live vise virgins that trimmed their lamps— there were ten, but Bve woro foolish, and were shut out ; when X see the sir, it reminds mo that in six days the Lord, mads heaven, and earth ( wheel sf» Ujt aeren, it p,r,U nje in mind ti\atoa the seventh daj God rested from al the work, he had created and »»d?7'rl'er'1; fore the Lord blessed tho soventh daj , ami hallowed it; whonl sco tho eight, it puts mo io mind of the eight righteous persons who wero saved in the ark when (Jod drowned tho world, TL.-Nosh and his wife and his three sons ana ineir wives ? when I bco the. nine, I am re minded of tho nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour— there wero ten, but nine never returned God thank,; when I sec Ihe ten. il puts me in nund ol tho ton commandment, that God gave Moses on Mount Bmai on me iwo uiuu.-. ° Hc°look the knave and laid it aside. ' When I see Iho nuocn.lt puts mo m mind of the Queen ot Shebn, who came from Ihe furthermost parts of the world to hear the wisdom or kin? Solomon, ana who was as wise a woman as he was u man, for she brought fifty boys aud fifty girls, all dressed in biy's «pp»rol. to ? « bc; fore Kini: Solomon, for him to toll which were boys and which girls, but he con d not until he called for water for them o wash themselves; Iho girls woshed up to tbeir olbows. and tho boys only lo their wrists so King Solomon told by that : and also or Queen Eliiabelh, to pray for her; and when I -co the king, it puts mo in mind of the Great Kins ot heaven and earth, which is God Almighty. 'Well,' said Iho Mayor.' you have given a very go»d description of all the curds except one, which is lacking. 'What is thatP' said Ihe soldier. 'The knave,' said the Mayor. ' Oh, I con give your Honor a good description of that i if your Honor wont b°'^i will not.' said the mayor, 'if vou will not (crra mo the knnvc. ' Well,' said the soldier, ' the greatest knave that I know of is tho sergeant ol tho cilv. who brought me here. 'I L't know/said the Mayor. 'that he is the greatest knave, but I am sure he is the greatest fool.' ' I shall now show your Honor how I 'You certainly are a clever f.-llow,' said the Mayor, ' but I think you will have a hard mutter to make that oppear. ' When I count how many spots there arc iu a pack of cards, I flud there arc three hundred and sixty-five i there ore so many days in the year.' ..... it .._:J ,1.*. Mnvnr ' 1 1,11 1 H I ''''i grant it,' said the roldier, ' but as I havo never yet seen an almanack thai «a« thoroughly correct in all points, il would have been imposBiblo for me to imitato an almauack csactly— without a 'Your observations arc very correct,' said the Mayor; 'goon.' 'When I count how many coids there nroinapaek Ifindllioro arc lifly-two ; there arc so innny weeks in the year. When I count how many tricks there are ;„ „ ™nt r find there are thirteen ; the are so nmny month, in the year. So you fee, sir, that this pack of cards is a Dible. almanack, common prayer-book, and paok of cards all in one. Then 'tlio May.u' 'look a loaf of bread off the table, and nave it to iho soldier, and said to him, 'This time, soldier, you may go. but the nevt time you go to church lake a Diblc like other folks, and keep fsTloaTfo? you.Tif you subsisted live days marching on a pack of cards, having neither Bible, nhnnnaci;, nor common prayorbook, you must now be huugry. You may CO.1' Thus onVls Ihe account of the Perpetual Almanack, or Gentleman Soldier's l'rayer Bonk. Loudoa, July 23rd, las?. 