"BUTTE AND C dND ALL !i" TO TSH EDITOB OP TIE OIPPSLAND TIMES. Srxs,-I trust I shall not confuse Iir West too much when I ask him to answer the following questions, which, though they may be " delicate," are neither of "a ditficult or scientific character," and should he this time decline to answer, the public will not be allowed to "remain under the very absurd impression that it is because he is deficient of knowledge on the points ;" of that I shall take care. Is the manager of the Maffra Chooeese Factory the same John West who, some twenty months ago, was employed at the Warrnambool factory for a very short period P l ow long was Mfr West so enmployed; in what capacity ; and under whlat circumstances did he leave thoro7 When, and where did he acquire that marvellous experience in cheese making, but more particularly in testing milk by feeling it, and with the lautometer so very scientifically that he is quite unable to explain howP Also, is he the John West who formerly rented Burkeo's pro emptive'section P Mr West must excuse my being so very inquisitive, for he must remember that as the charge against Mr Williams-and he may make a similar one against any one else at any time rests entirely upon his own bare asser tion, it is essential that the public should know that he is not only a competent judge, and does not "seeF through a glass darkly," but also that lhe is a man above suspicion, (or as his friend Davis would say, like Caesar's wife,) before we accept his diclunse as gospel, more especially since he evinced such a decided objection to be questioned as to his ability to form a reliable opinion. I am further induced to ask these questions because the John I West I refer to I myself saw in the flesh in this district just about the time the Maffra company was formed, and again i very recently also; and "Laetometor" West asserts that he also was employed I just about the same time at the Warrnasm bol factory, but as managor, and for a t difllrcut period-variously stated at from live to twelve months, I understand. I thereforo fool a little diflieulty in dis. a tinguishing "tother from which," and I one would not like to think that the a Maofra company had got hold of the I wrong man,. But you will also see how a desirable it is that we should be satisfied t of this, under the circumstances, when I i say, that for certain good reasons, which I may yet be induced to furnish you with, ' I have a most decided opinion that no I reliance whatever is to be placed on d either the skill or the word of my John West, and I think that should occasion require me to produce the evidence on which such opinion is founded, you will agree with me and say that sny hero is f both knave and fool. Of course I am not saying this of "Lactomcter" West. I t speak of the person I first refer to, and I lost other people should, like myself, be in the habit of glancing at the country t newspapers, and feel in the same per. plexity, no doubt the Maffra manager d will gladly help us to understand the " strange coincidence." Should he not do so I shall furnish some information which may assist in arriving at a oonolusion as t to the identity or otherwise of mY origi. - nal John West and "Lactometer' West. By the way, Mr West talks loudly of his i ability and experience as a cheesemaker, and points to the shelves of the Maflr'a factory "in witness whereof." But for t the fear of confusing this modest man with too many questions, I would ask to t which of the great variety does he refer? Let him tell how much has been sold, when, and at what price. This test will satisfy people better than his bombast, But if he will confine himself to my first questions, it will I imagine be quite I enough for him for the present. Waiting I his reply, I remain, Sir, Yours, &o..; BUItKE'S GHOST. Tinamba, Oth Jan., 1892. 