SOUTH AtM'ltALtA. AUF.LMHK, 22nd July. Tins South Australian- adjuster urges that the Corporation agitato for tlio ostablisument of a model school,' ns tlio Education 15oavd is so in different on the subject. Tlio Kov. H. S. Eavleis leaving to settle in Jlolboitrrto. SlQJfifcic.vST.-OurSyclncy telegram statoa that the aurgeon of tlio Uero was attacked by small-pox yostorday at the quarantine station. This is after it was thought that the clangor hail passed. ! Tub . CwMiN,Ui , SESSIONS. - TUo Sandhurst Criminal Sessions of tlio Supremo Court com menced yesterday in tlio new Court house, The Chief Justicu was to liaVo presided, but "Herat ion took piano in tlio arrangements, ilnd Mr. Justice William* was the presiding judge. The calendar Was not A lonq ol' heavy one, but it contained some rather Important eases, only a few of which, how .over, wih'o yesterday disposed of. 'Charles Lucas,' who pleaded guilty to receiving t«to\eu property, was sentenced to threo years' imprisonment; With I hard labor, as it was proved that lio was an old ] offender. ?Tamos Ht)pti> charged with picking the ' pocket of j\tra. Margaret Kider, was convicted, notwithstanding tho ingenious manner in which'lie defended himself; .and ho was sentenced to two years* on tho roads, two former convictions being proved against him. ltenry Bowen, si cripple, who entered the dock upon crutches-, was touiid guilty of shooting at ArthVir ltdgan, and he receivod a sentence Of two years' incarceration, with hard lalVdr. A young man named William Southan, was convicted of larceny as a bailee, viz., appropriating to his own use scrip for 100 shares in tho G.V. Brooke Company, tho pvoporty of Thos. Chevalier, and ho was sentenced to three years' on the roads. Tho most important, trial of tho day was that 06 a young woman named Mary Birch all, a governess lately in tho employment of Mr. GIT, farmer on the M'lvor Creek, who was charged with murdering her newly born infant. Tile case was surrounded with cirimuiBtancoK of tho most painful description. At tho outsot ;lho Crown Prosecutor said ho only placudt.hu capital.charge boforo tho ](iry for tho purpose of securing an investigation in tho interest of justice. But after tho prosecution was-closed fl. point was raised by Mr. "Wrixoii for tho prisoner that there was no ease to go to a jury, as there was no proof that tin? child Was born alive, and after some discussion Mr. Smyth said, to saVo any. fur- j thor trouble, ho would withdraw tho capital indict- | lUCAt.) a«d go to tho jury oA th\\!> miiVor c\iul\t of concealment of birtli. Mr. WrixoU thou addressed tho jury for tho defoiiW, and in a (speech of great power ho Contended that thcro Was nothing against the prisoner ovon on tho minor count. As an oratorical elTort it was 0110 of tho most .successful over mado in that court, and it appeared to make a profound impression in tho minds of tho jury as well as nearly all present. Whilst ho disclaimed any desire ol Appealing to or influencing their sympathies, with true forensic ability, tho learned barrister completely enchained the feeling of his hearers during his address; ami at the end he him self was so overcome with omotion that he could scarcoly finish tho concluding sentence. The jury, without hesitation, acquitted the prisoner on the minor count, and shu was discharged, and loft tho Court with her father. Tho old gentleman during the trial, whioh lasted all tho afternoon, seemed qui to broken down with tho shame of his daughter; and once ho wri* removed from tho Court in a fit. Upon hor disohargo from tho dock ho rushed towards her, and frantioally embraced her, and slio him. Tho Verdict of acquittal was tho signal for a burst of applauso from tho crowded CoUrfc, and not Withstanding tho exertions to oupi>rcss it mado by. Mr. Sheriff Colles, alld his assistants, tho demon strations of Approbation woro loud, spontaneous,, artd prolonged. " Tm; WESLEVAN CHRONICLE" for July, has just been received by us. It contains an article on tho Education question, and other papers of interest, togather with the usual amount of religious and other information. MESMERISM.-An entertainment will ho given In tho Orderly Room to-niffht. by Professor Leslie, whioh partakes of a spirkualistio, Mesmeric, and musioal oharactc!'. Goon TEJII'LAUS.-A mooting of persona desirous of becoming mouthers of tho now Temperance Political Association, is to bo held this evening in tho Tompuranco Hall. ' OnniiiUA- BOOM'THBXTRE.-Tho dramatic season at the Ordorly Rooul terminated last evening by a bonofit givon-.by the Dramatic Company to Mr. Stanley. ? Thcro was a very good attendance, but not so largo as might have been expected on such an occasion. The play of " David Garriclc" was produced, ill'. C.trdon taking the part of Garriclc, but ho was not particularly well sup ported. An inicrludo followed, in which the Sand hurst Gymnastic Club went through a variety of performances cleverly, and Professor Leslie sang " Let me liko a soldier fall," and it was groatly applauded. Sir. Garden was announced to road "Shanius O'lirien," but ho substituted a sketch from the Itamno AIIVEIYTISEU of tho lltli inst., having reference t.o tho Lyceum Theatre, and tho brilliant array of dramatio stars who have shone within its walls. The. reading;was splendidly Riven, and its reooption by tiio audienco was most enthusiastic. The laughable farco of " Tho Ghost" concluded the entertainment,.and in this Mr. Stanley appeared as J)ich>rii, and Miss 1'oily Leako as Lariiii't. Tho piece was well performed, and kept the audienco ill roars of laughter. SANIIHURST MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AND FREE LIIIIIAUY. -Tho number of visitors-to tho Public Reading Room, during the week ending 2i)th .Tilly, was 517. WARPEN'S COURT.-List of cases to lie hoard at this court to-day:-Plaint No. 112, .Tohn Marshall v Thomas Coggins; 113, Thomas Cogging v Andrew Lennox; ll!>, Alfred Sayors v T. F. Itaillie; 120, George Skurrio v James Simpson; 121, George Edward Pensell v William.Piatt. Lcaso Inquiries -J. 0. ITadloy, objector William Pearsall; J. Melley, objector J. Carden; .T. Waguer, objector -T. S. Rymor; J. G. Weddell (Shenandoah Company); .T. G. Weddell (North Shenandoah Company); J. D. Crofts; G. W. Froggatt; J. W. Williams; W. H. Burrowes. DONATION'S:-Tho Treasurer of tho Bendigo Hos pital acknowledges tho receipt of 10 guineas from, Kooh's Pioneer Company, par Mr. J.'Av Lewis,, manager, in aid of. the funds of that institu tion.- Tho hom' .Treasurer of tho Bendigo Benevolent Asylum aoknowiedgos, with thanks, the. receipt of i'50 from Messrs! Buiok and Co., and £l is. from Alfred Wainwright, K.iglehawlt, in aid of tho fund? of tho institution. Tho Superintendent also acknowledges receipt of a parool of clothes; .Vom Mr. Thomas Swift,.M'Crao-street. THE DIAMOND CHEEK QUARTZ MINES.-If a sharo were olfered "Under tho Verandah," .tho. first question that would bo askod in all proba bility, would be-wlicro is Diamond Creek ? Yot the scene of tho Union Oomnany's operations is witliin eighteen miles of Melbourne, and mining lias been carried on in tho valley for eighteen or moro years. Tho Union Company, when it con sisted of only threo paities, worked their mine for yuai-s with success, and as their books show, the stono they raised avoraged 2 ozs. to the ton all through. They had not given sufficient attention, however, to tho prospecting of tho mine; the quartz appeared to have run out; and a long con tinuance of profitless work in sinking and diivitig leit to tdo torination of tho Limited Company, which was only formed in May last-, with a paid up capital of £4,000, leaving a margin of as. per sharo (the shares being 4,000 of 25a. each) of uncalled capital. Tlioy recovorcd tho lost reef after a few weeks work, and tlio crashing, splendid as it is, doe3 not fully show, tho real valuo of the stono. Tlie company, therefore, have a very fine prospect before them. -Thoy can calculate, with as much i certainty as anything can he calculated on in mining, on a return of about 110 ozs. of gold per week for a length of time. But mining on Diamond Creek has not been confined to the operations of tlie Union Company. The land is alt in the hands of private owners, and some of thorn-Dr. Phipps amongst the rest-have given considerable atten tion to mining.-Herald. THE BIUGHTOK Poisosrea_ CASE-Tho Herald understands that a communication has boon ad dressod to the Government, asking that delay may take placo in giving effect to ilic capital offence sentence lately passed on Ann Miniver Davis, the object being to admit of further inquiry and con sidevau>ni. Other documents of a like character are, we aiv aware, in course of preparation. Tin: MINT.-During yesterday 1-1,000 sovereigns were delivered bj- tho Hint authorities to the Oriental banking Company, making a total of 1-10,000 issnt'il from the Mint.-Herald. Tar. NOKTH-EASTERKKailway.-The iron bridges which spin the dry creeks and waterholes between the Goulburti River ami School-house Lane may at lemrth bo said to be well-nigh completed, for with the exception of finishing the flooring of the third anil last bridge before arriving at the larger struc ture which crosses the Goulburn, those works are capable of carrying tbe locomotive with safety. TUo flooring referred to will be finished in the course of a day or two. The work at the bridge en tlie Seymour side of tbe river is being rapidly pro ceeded with, and in about five weeks from tbe present will bo, it is expected, so far completed as to bo ready for use.-Goulburn Cuurir.r. Mil. ANTHONY Tkollope, tho novelist, passed through Ecliuca ou Thursday, on his return to Sydney overland, 