LOCAL NEWS. The Nest Suez Mail. — The mail steainer( from Europe, via Suez, was due on Tuesday, at King George's Sound, and will be due at Sydney, on Friday, July 5. We may, therefore, antici pate receiving her telegraphic news about Satur day. The departing mail steamer for Europe, via Suez, will leave Sydney on Sunday, 14th July, according to tlie time table. Copper.— A good deal of excitement prevailed 'on 'Change' to-day, in consequence 'of some ?splendid copper specimens having been brought from the Glon, aud. also some rery line samples of reef tiit, all. from the claims of Williamson .and Young. These specimens are certainly tho very best yet exhibited. They can be seen at Mr. W. G. .Rodgerson's office, and I hear the claim is in that gentleman's hands for disposal. — Mr. Kodgi-rsou reports the sale of 100 acres of tin land ou the Mole run, for £000, and ano ther smaller claim for £400. — Cor. of Express. ? AuKiFKitous QuAitrz Found neak Maitland.. — -Some little excitement was caused in town on Saturday evening, by the -exhibition, iu the win rinii* i\t' AT v AT A'l rws lMWnllm* nnrl iilinrmrpjinlioi* of a piece of quartz, apparently studek'd very thickly with gold. A labol was attached to the .specimen, stating that it was ' Pound within a lew miles of Maitland.' Wo heard that it was picked up by the prospecting party who have been searching f ? r gold iu the direction of Bishop's Bridge and Cessuock, but of course the exact locality of the lucky find is at present kept sucrut. — Maitland Mer:unj. Wkst. Maitlani) Volunteer Hiklus. — A comiuandiug- ofliccr'.s parade of this company was held on Thursday evening. There were present — three officers, one surgeon, sevuit sergeants, and eighty-five rank aud file, making a total muster of ninety-six men. The company, headed by the band, marched down to Christian's Flat, where they were exercised in company and battalion movements by the officers, and were pui, uirougu ujriiii iiimuiryauu siiirimsniiig evo lutions by the drill- instructor, Sergeant-major Jiuuieson. Ton rounds of blank ammunition were served out and fired. At the conclusion ' the parade, Captain Wilkinson informed the men that lie had applied for the balance of fifteen ''Henry' rifles, required to make up the total of one hundred, for the use of the company, and he had received a promise that, they would be for warded a.s soon a.s possible. The rilles at pre sent in use would bo called in immediately uius ketiy instruction was concluded. He should 'require them all to bu returned clean and iu good condition, with all the sundries served out, or the deficiency would be made good ami charged to the defaulting members, wlio would not obtain the new rifles until they had paid the deficiency. He further announced that . tho return rifle match with the .Newcastle company would take place on Saturday next, June 29, at the Jiast Maitland butts. — Mercury. Boat Uace. — The contest m wager skiffs, for £25 a side, between James Candlish and T. Mucgrcgor, was decided over tho usual cham pionship course on the Parrainatta [River, on Saturday afternoon last. The race created greaU interest in sporting circles, both men having been known for sonic time in connection with aquatics. ? Candlish. many years ago; occupied a high status in the old country as an oarsman, but when he came to this colony he had to suc cumb to our then champion, Mr. [Richard Green! For the last few years lie lias been known more as a trainer than a rower, and, consequently, wlien the present, match was ma- le, some people thought tiiat. the-' old 'un' would have to give way to the youth of his adversary. However, many who could appreciate C'andlish's fine style of rowing bulieved that the North countryman was worth backing, and, as the result proved, were quite right in that opinion. As a sculler, Macgregor is but little known to fame, his vic tory over the late Tom Day having occurred so mauy years ago that it wa.s almost, forgotten ;' but as he was constantly in practice, it was thought that his youth and stamina would pull him through, and consequently he found many backers, who took (5 to 4 and 5 to 4, whenever they could got it. About 3 o'clock the steamer IJreadalbane left the Circular Quay, having on board upwards ot 400 people, who were almost entirely composed of sporting men. The steamer arrived at her destination about a quarter past 4 o'clock — the Premier, with about 100 people on board, soon afterwards putting. in an appear ance, and the- steam yacht Fairy, with a select few on board, also gracod the scene by her presence. In a short time Cuudlish put, off from the shore, and as he passed tho steamer on his. way up to the boat-house above the Ityde Wharf, where Maegregor was already waiting, no received great applause. a nuie aicer nau past 4 o'clock the competitors effected a middling start, by mutual consent, Macgregor having a trifle the best of it ; but Candlish appeared to settle down to his work at once, . and iu a few strokes caught his opponent, who was rowing .rather wildly, and did not appear to be at home 'in his boat. As the men. neared the steamers, which wore stationed below the wharf, it was evident that Candlish, thus early in the nice, had secured a good lead, and as they passed the steamers he wis about a length and a half in front. In answer to cries of ';Put it on, Tom,' the latter spurted, and a mile from the starting place Macgregor was four or five lengths behind, where, bythe-bye, owing to his hugging tho point too closely, he nearly went ashore. The race was then virtually over, as Candlish gradually increased the gap between them, and, rowing at his ease, .won the race by about 400 yards. Time, 27min. '40sees. Macgregor ap peared to row much better during the Jast mile, but he could not keep his boat straight, and several times, as he passed the various points, it was thought that he would go ashore. Several ' fours ' belonging to the Sydney How ing Club, rowed abreast of Candlish all the way, T. Sadler went round with the hat for the losing man, and managed to collect a small sum of money, for him. Mr. It. Driver officiated as umpire. The steamers returned to the Circular iQuay.just before six o'clock, and the passengers r~: „ ? I !n it..tt,.»,wl I nt m ik two lift i2 Tl' 1Q WAfr.ll V rtl jjljyu ui'i IJC'i ai.ii iiviuu »» «* \\*o* -«-v ?' ? '-j -»- notice that tho winner rowed in a boat built by the late Harry Clasper, of.Newcastle-on-Tyno, Uii'Mand, so that Candlish'.s victory on Saturday must be doubly' gratifying to all believers in the .North count rymrn. Miacgregor rowed in Ilielci'y s lioaf. wlucli, we uenovo, was aiso uuiu in'Englaiiil.— '?'Hriip'On. ; '?.;.;? --?'?? MquDKii.UcsTOMS DcTiES.rrThe following is a return of Border Customs duties collected on the ltiver Murray and at South Australia, on account of New Smith Wales, and by Victoria, un exports from JN'ew South Wales, for the months of February. March, April, and May, 1872, compiled from periodical returns furnished, by the Collector of Customs. New South Wales and South Australia Collections : Murray Kiver —February, £2588 5s. 3d. ; March, £2875 Is. 8d. ; April, £4224 3s. 6d. ; May, £4379 16s. 7d. i total, £14,067 6s. lid. South Australia— Feb- ruary, £1319 5s. ; March, £1058 Is. 8d. ; April, £963 8s. 8d. ; May, £322 13s. 6d. ; total, £3663 8s. lOd. ; ,total for thofour months, £17,731 15s. 9d. Victoria collections : Wharfage— February, £51 8s. lid. j March, £39 6s. Id. ; April, £50 0s. 4d. ; May, £56 18s. 6d. ; total, £197 12s. lOd; Duty— February, £74 6s. 2d. ; March. £225 14«. 10(1. t Anvil. ftSl-. '.-'. 4-»: ? y» '?'' fi'- 1 ?? | -... .: I .. . -. ! ' . i ; ? ? ? ? .: ?'- N.-'S. W. Ciiicket Association. — A moetin^ of this association was held last evening at Tat torsall's, Mr. Richard Driver taking the chair. The. minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A sub-commitlee whs appointed to examine the accounts connected with the Into Intercolonial match, and a sum was devoted to wardsjlio purchase of a iiiowiiig-rnueliiiiu for the domain (for which' purpose a sum has been already, isul^scribed), to-be the joint property of Uie Domain Trustees, aud the ISr. S. \V. Cricket ing ' Association. The lion, secretary of the as souiution- (Mr.~Cla.rk) read a circular (already published in the Sydney Afonutuj Herald), dated tho 2!lth May last, and signed by Mr. liiddlc, asking this colony to join in a scheme for bring ing out a now All-England cloven, to arrive in December next. Mr. A. L. Park said that it, appeared that their association was asked to join in a speculation. The sum asked (£1500) was a large sum to give for a match in Sydney. Ho should move — ' That it is not in tho province of this association to enter into auy agreement in reference to the All-England eleven, but that the association will render all assistance to the eleven, without incurring liability.' This seemed to him to be more of a private speculation than anything 'elsb'.'- Other letters were th.-n re ceived in connection with the same subject ; after whichi Mr. Clark seconded the motion of Mr. Park, which was carried unanimously. On the motion of Mr. Calvert, Mr. Park, Mr. Curtis, and the Secretary were appointed a committee to draw up a reply to Mr. Biddle. The meeting, though they feared that, in some resp-.-cts, an International match would interfere with tin; next Intercolonial match, were still of opinion that the visit of the All-England eleven would be (pecuniarily) a, successful one, and would tend greatly to the advance of good cricket. A depu tation was then appointed to wait upon his Ex cellency Sir Hercules Robinson, to ask linn to become tho Patron of tho Association, after which the meeting was brought to a close. — Herald. Tiik Overland Tkleghaph . — Mr. A. G. Burt, who lias recently returned from tho Roper, to which river ho had been, iu the employ of this Government, in connection with the Overland Telegraph, started from Adelaide o n the 24th May, on his way back' to the Northern Territory. This time' lie is engaged by the Hon. Thomas Elder, to take twenty camels, and threu Arabs to manage them, t-- Daly Waters, and, after estab. Ituliintr n cunirt fli.ti'i. ti'i Ir/.f'li Iln fnlist.jl 11 r 1*0111 uiunieation across the gap of country not yet spanned with the win;, he will render all possible assistance to (he construction parties ; but the main object, we believe, will be to enable tin; Government to commence sending the European and Australian messages through .with as little delay as possible. No on» could have been selected better qualified to undertake this task. Mr. Burt was known iu tho colony as an excellent bushman more than twenty years ago, and the services he re cently rendered to the telegraph construction service prove him to have been the right man in tho right place. — Soi'tli Auslraliun Advertiser. CoiU'I.IJIENTAUY CoNCEKT TO Mil. W. J. Jameson. — This concert took place at the School of Arts, on Tuesday evening. There was a largo attendance, but considering how ofun Mr. Jamieson has tendered his voluntary ser vices, not only for our charitable institutions, but for all local societies, we should have expected to have seen a crowded house. The members oi' the Amateur City Ministrels gave several songs, quartettes, &c;, and several ...other amateurs kindly rendered their assistance. -The fine band of the Naval Brigade were also present, and. played .several selections, which added much to the pleasures of thu entertainment. Mr. Jamieson sang several songs in his usual happy strain, and we need not add that in the rendering of each he was rapturously apjriatided and encored. Mr. T. Jones was quite at home with his nigger songs and dances ; he was encored in each, and, iu company with Mr. Jamieson, did the ' .Morning Glories' to perfection. M'iss Patty Holt, from the Theatre Royal, kindly rendered her service.', amlgave two of her favourite songs and break downs, each of which were re-deinanded, and she finished by dancing 'The Sailor'* horn- ' pipe.' Tho entertainment concluded with tl a laughable nigger farce, played by Messrs. .1. 1. Hanneil, W. J. Jamieson, and T. Jones, cntitl- d ' Tho Ghost in a Pawn Shop,' which drew for.h roars of laughter, and sent tho audience hoinu highly delighted with the evening's entertain ment. Coxceut at Wallsexd.— The first concert of the Wallsend Harmonic Society was given on Tut'sriiLV evoninir. to a crowded house. The 1'ulilic School was arranged suitably for the occasion, mid a platform capable of seating the forty-four performers hud been made. The President, J. Y. Neil. son. Esq., opened the pro ceedings by a few explanatory remarks concern ing the object of the concert, namely, tho reduc tion of the debt on tlie school buildings, and then left the whole to the guidance of Mr. D. M'Ka^ , ho conductor. Great praise is clue to thi.s gentleman for his untiring eu'or'.s-to make the entertainment a success, and it is gratifying to be able to state that, seeing the very creditable Manner iu which the choruses were sung, his exertions were by no means thrown away. Tho greatest order prevailed throughout, and nothing occurred during the whole performance to inui the pleasure of those present. Tho programme, originally a long one, was made still more so through several of the selections being encored. It would occupy too much space to discuss the merits and demerits of each of tho pieces, and it must therefore sutlice to. mention some of those which were best rendered. ?' I'll Meet Thee in the Lane,' by Mr. P. Young, was encored. ' Love Not,' a duett, by Mr. M'JCuv and Miss Trotter, was well worth hearing. ' Put mo in my little lied,' sung by: Mr. T. Davis, was loudly applauded ; tliougli long, he was brought out again, and sang the. last verse. The trio, ' Fair Flora,' was given by Messrs. M'Kay, Ross, and Young, and was decidedly one of the best in the first part of tho programme. ' Fre«- as' tho Mountain Air' was very well sung 1 y Mr. Ling, and encored. Mr. Wells' pianoforte solo showed good execution, and received wel. merited 'applause. The gentlemen's chorus, 'Comrades in Arms,' inado a very good finish to; tho first part. The second, as the first part, was opened by the performance of an overture Ii Very pleasTing'enect.--iiiJ!'r.-lM«\^ usri#vrf. cored for his rendering of the 'Song of Songs, ' with questionable taste, gave 'When you re Married' — a song quite biit 'of place in a conceit room. /?Swiftly from the Mountain's lirow,' a very lively, chorus, was'given iu lirst-class style h« the whole company. v-' The Sailor Sighs,' a duett, by Missilnglos and Mr. M' Kay, may fairly bej reckoned the gt-'M of the owning. ' .lini, land's Farewell,' as sung by Mr. Ross, was almost excellent, and'.woll -deserved un encore. :*?? i'ho Minute Gun at Sea,' by Mr. Ling and uiiUlier .-gentleman,- elicited' much applause, aud. they wore bronghtout a second time. After the. chorus, .'.Hail us, ye Free,' had been, given ly, the whole' company in a verv creditable manner,, the . president waived the Hrsual' ceremony oti giving votes oi tnanits i,ou uuuuuui vi ui» mwus™ of the hour) to those who had assisted, etc., and informed those present that an examination would be held by the head-master, Mr. M. Willis, junr., on Friday next, prior to breaking up for the mid-winter holidays, and invited all who chose to do so, to be present on th»t occa sion, when prizes would be given by th« local patrons to the most proficient scholars. Ine proceedings terminated ai they had begun, by sujging the National Anthem. Dabiho Fbat.— We, understand that Signor Tertelli, who, for the past week, has been per forming :nme of his olever acts on the trapeze, H.'ht. nml slnckToiv«i&'..:nt (1i« Ti-'oi-iii Tii' i! , . ? '? ; '''.-- ''?'l^''''% ?'?'?''''?''' ''\,k i,,.... .*- Vom'Stkri^'Artii/'leby.1— We have ''been favoured by Captain' Holt' with ithfi ponisal of (i ; liridade Order, received by him yesterday, Croin, Sydney, whichistatos that Stafl'-Sargeunt Myers., will Iwivc fur JNToweostle on the 29th instant, for Ilie 'putting .llie members, of No. 3 Battery' 1 lii'omjli a course of instruction. His stay will be foriibout a 'month. It will bo in the recollection' of our readers, that Mr; Myers was the first flrill-iiisU'uet'ir to tha Battery, and continued so. f.rsouift -years,- and, Icf1 his tuition may boasrc cribixl Ihc proficiency, of, those who werq then, jiicm Ijciy- ? ? ?? ' A L.vitai! Potato b.— The Maitland Mercury of Iho 251 li instant says :— We .' we were shown, on Saturday,' 'a' very line potatoe, grown by Mr. Simpson', in liis garden; ; near the Government Hosd, 'Horseshoe Bend.; This potatoe was over ten inches in length, and fourteen inches in girth, and weighed over four pounds.',' .. Pi'.DESTJUASisii. — Young Austin, who it may bo reiiiuinlierisd in his wonderful feat of running ten miles in one hour, is announced to 'appear again in Orange., and will exhibit his wonderful prowess to the lovers of athletic exercise. He is accompanied by Mr. W. Edwards, tlio Ameri can chnmpion walker, who performed the feat of walking 7 miles under one hour. Also; Albert Austin, uged 8 years, will run one mile in six minutes — WuslcrH, Examiner. li.\si- of Moi'E Meetixo. — The usual fort nightly meeting of the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle Band of Hope Society, was held on Mon day even ing, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Darby stre t. The room was well filled by the youth ful members and their friends. , The chair was occupied by the president of the society, Mr. J). Gow, who opened the proceedings devotion ally, and addressed a few remarks to those pre sent. Jiecitations wen; given by Messrs. It B. Oopley, T. Jones, C. Eden, H. Giles, O. Crop h-y, and Miss Morgan ; and Miss S. Giles sang a 'ballad with much taste. A dialogue, entitled 'The Publican's Children,' was given by the Missus Giles and Uropluy, and Messrs. C. Giles and II. li. Cropley. A uuett was also sung by MivCVopley, senr., and Mr. J. Cropley, junr. Mr. Kidd, tliu vice-president, gave a reading iu ?Si.'iitch, and after a short address by the chair man, the meeting closed by the company singing the National Anthem. Several persons signed flit- pledge at the conclusion of the meeting. ]{o,vd Tiritouou Wickiiaji. — Yesterday morn-. in;;, Mr. Alderman Hubbard accompanied the Government Surveyors, Messrs. Cupper and Verge, who have been sunt up at the request of tlm Municipal Council, for the purpose of seeing (ho practicability of laying out a road through the municipality, from the already proclaimed Government road direct to the Smelting Works and tltu Wuratah coal shoots. The road would have to pass through some private property which, at the present time, from the want of proper access, is totally valueless ; and the road, by passing through this land, would, no doubt, can si- it; to be double its value. If the land owners do noc object to the road passing through their hind without asking compensation, which we should imagine they would not, consequent. ' upon tliu. advantages they would derive, the road could be proclaimed within a month from this. Should, however, there be any objections raised, the works would, no doubt, bo retarded nearly two' years. On reaching the Smelting Works, the, -party. were met by Mr. Alderman Thomas, who accompanied them on their return trip. The Smelting Works and the Waratah Coal Company own large tracts of land adjacent to Ihrir works, and they would be happy to give what part of it would be required for the aliove purpose. There is no road, at present, to either of these extensive works, and the road proposed to he made, would shorten the distance from them to Newcastle by nearly three.* miles. TifEATiiH Royal.- On Tuesday evening, the drama, ' Joc-risse, the Juggler,' was repeated with groat, success, each character being well filled. Mr. Sain Poole drew forth roars of latiuhtcT at his impersonation of the character of Toliie, i lie juggler's companion. Mr. Clifford's rendering of the character of the Juggler was' one of the best we have seen him in. The drama was followed by the new burlesque, ' Lord Lov -1 and Lady Xancy Bell.' Mr. Sam Poole enacted Iho part- of Rumti foozle. Miss Patty Holt thai of Lord Lovel, introducing several new dances and songs— ouo of the latter, 'I would not like I o tell,' took immensely with the audience. Miss Amy Chambers, as Lady Nancy, pl.-yod the character in her usual clever style. The other parls were equally ably filled. The burlesque win well put on the stage ; the dresses and the appoint inents were rich, and we must pronounce it thd bust one of the season. Last 'night, the comedy, of 'Caste; or, the Life of an Actress,' was performed, together with Iho burlesque. To-night there is another change of performance. We believe Mr. J. L. Byers and Miss Julia Hudson will shortly make their first appearance. Another Stauding Case. — Another illustra tion of the evils attached to sailors being allowed to go- loose amongst us, wearing sheath- knives, occurred yesterday, at New Lambton — fortu- nately, this time, without any material or serious results. From what we learn, it appears that a few miners wore enjoying themselves in Mr. Benjamin Lunn's public-house, at New Lamb ton on Tuesday evening, when they were joined by two strangers — sailor- looking men — who, entering into conversation, soon began to quar rel, and one of them, drawing his sheath-knife, made a blow at the neck of a miner named James Lorraine; his mate, John Pease, being within reach, partly warded off the blow, so that the knife merely scratched the collar-bone. Pease seized the man's hand, and a struggle en- sued for possession of the knife, when Mrs. Lunn went to render assistance in disarming the wretch, and somehow got her left hand badly hurt. Dr. Hallkett was sent for, and, being at hand, promptly attended to the man, Lorraine and Mrs. Lunn, neither of whom, it is thought, are severely wounded. The men were not taken into custody. Disirif of Mn. William Phillips. — Another old resident has been taken from amongst us and, consigned to his last resting-place. On Monday sftornoon, a telagram from Sydney was received by Mr. W. H. Wliyte. announcing the' melancholy intelligence, which, on becoming known-in the city, could hardly be believed,1 as the 'deceased, a few days ago, whilst here, was apparently in a sound state of health. During Mv...J-.W,Uiw',,a!-'Kci« ittivVtalhedunril'a short time before his death when ho was found to be fast sinking. The best medical skill was procured. fnV him nnd through thegrent kindness of his friend (t-.aptij.iu Campbell)- every possible attention, was ?jjaidhim* but it; was of no avail, the deceased expir iijj;. shortly after two o'clock on Monday .morning. 'iho, remains of the deceased were brought. by steamer from Sydney, on Tuesday morning, and taken,. .to the residence of Mr. 'Why to, and from 'thence conveyed on the same afternoon to Ctirjslehureh burial ground, and interred in the family^ vault. The deceased, whose age was but foyty- five,' was much respected by all who knew kmiu.as.was fully apparent by the large number of citizen^ who accompanied the cortege1 to the ocSQetexy. ' ?.&BOONOSY.;— On Tuesday, Mr. James Kir wudyTavored us with the sight of a piece of fine- grained rock, having a slaty structure, a?d 'generally denominated shale, obtained from' a' 'coal seam at present being worked at the-A. A. Co.'s pit, situate on tho flat. Running through, from one side of the surface of the shale to tho other, may be seen a very clearly defined impression of the flora— leaves and stem of tho fern. A number of other specimens are now m the possession of the Examiner of Coal fields, one or, two of which weigh as much as l-iO Ills'., n-firo -hUo ntntnin-.fi bv M-\ TT-JfnM'. ? ' -W:-,.-4v. ??'-.-' 4- . .,..'.. v . ,. ,.,.,...,,., ? ?I .'.i . . . »'. i.-. .. ' ;i,-\ . ???? ?? '?; i/l „.., . ? ' ??.. \ . ?;.. -?*». ........ . '..u- .. \\.;.h .|, .-. ..', - 'I-.- .. .1. * ...: -r.Ti , . . .-,.. . . 