MR. HENRY GRAY, MERCHANT, GE RALDTON, AND GREENOUGH FLATS, versus THE PROPOSED SHIP JETTY AT FREMANTLE. To the Editor of the Herald. . SIR.--I observe that, neither by'yourself nor byan'y of your contributors, has any answer been returned to an epistle, highly characteris ticof the writei, whicli was published in the Inquirer of the 17th Inst. I explain this silence in two ways, Mr. Henry Gray has. adduced, not to say no new argument in the letter I refer to, but absolutely no argument at all, his pre cious effusion being merely an inconsequent string of bombastic flippiacies,;\ EhiFch, hAving read, you and others have thought\unworthy of reply. Then you probably felt with me, not only that everything possible to -bing forward in tavor of a shipping- jetty at our port has been adduced ; but also that however good and sufficient reasons may' exist for the prompt erection of such a structure, if not one, but a hundred master-mariners came from the dead, and, wise with the experience of their latter and present lives, proclaimed with.the author. ity of knowledge madeperfect, itsddesirability if all the ghosts of all our governors, from Cap tain Stirling to Colonel Bruce, came andn hovered in dread procession o'er the vice-regal couch, and required its present ocupant, with menaces of punishment as awful, as those em ployed by the dread visitants of Richard's slumbers, to build that jetty, yet still it would not be built:. that it is, with the -Governor and his advisers, a foregone conclusion, an idea as firmly fixed as Mount Eliza, that we in Freman t!e shall have no money to spend, as far as our Government is concerned, in harbor improve ments. I too, for my own part, have such an opinion of Mr. Henry Gray, Merchant and so on, of his profound views, his impartial judgement, his ability of arriving at sound conclussions, and his extensive influence, that I also should have been glad to pass his letter to that niche in my memory which 1 keep for select and elegant extracts from the English classics. But as Mr. Gray has so vast a cloud of admirers, nrany of whom no doubt, like himself, never read the Herald, and as I am certain his keen sense of justice would wish them to be disabused of any false impressions they m.y .have received through the pages,of the Inquirer, from him, their guiding glorious star, I will with all re spect, point out one little mistake, purely in voluntary of course, which Mr. Gray has made in his letter. He writes, in alluding to the re port of the committee appointed to report on the proposed jetty, that, "the. Editor of the Herald exhibits his characteristic folly in pro posing that another committee shall be appointed. to make another report of a similar nature." Sir, with your characteristic folly I have nothing to do. I hope however, for your own sake and the welfare of your friends, if you h ae any, that your folly is to the full as charac teristic as Mr. Gray's wisdom. But I have read, and with care, that leading article in the Herald of the 30th ult, which has given such umbrage to Mr. Gray, merchant, and so on; and neither in your words taken ?literally, nor in any possible sense to which they can be twisted, can I find such a sentence. I do read in that offensive article :-lIf the Government is not satisfied with the reLert of the Committee, appointed -some time since.to collect informa. tion and report on the practicability and use fulness of such a work,-.(a shipping jetty, at Fremantle) let another cimmittee lie appointed and. fresh and fuller evidence: obtained." Taking this extract apart from its contest, I cannot conceive how its meaning can be paraphrased into Mr. Gray's version of it, but then I am only a plain man, like Anthony, and "not an orator as Brutus is." But when the extract I have quoted is read with its context, it would take a very great and ingenious per verter of truth, or else a very clever man, like Mr. Gray, to give it the meaning of the words which, he has given,.in his letter to the Inquier, as your actual utterance. SI dQ. not profess to be an idolatrous admirer of the Herald. I have even often had ocasion to find fault with what' it has propounded. On most -matters of politics its ;opinions'and my own are as far different as the pales are far asunder. Stll ITan a citizen of a town whose welfare you haie I believe, according to your light and to the utmost of your ability, on oeavored to advance;: dwell in a colony in whose preseht progress and'future prosperity you take a zealous interest:: in short I am one of that public, which do not, with Captain Setten and Mr. Henry Gray, treat your assertions with contempt. Further, I have been taught, er roneously no doubt according to Mr. .Gray, that the cause of truth is badly served by its perversion, and that argument in modern times, and according to civilized or polite notions, does not consist in Homeric bombast or insolent personalities. One word more and I have done. Whence, Oh whence, this holy new alliance between Mr. Gray and the Inquirer ? Had the possibility of such a junction been hinted at to me, I should have exclaimed ;-" Sooner will Eblis with Elysium join !" What, the visionary Secretary of a hypotheticaljreform association propounding his views through the medium of the Conserva tive paper of the colony I Truly a millenium must,have commenced in West Australia, for the lion is laying down with the, lamb, and a sucking child is leading them to play on the den of the cockatrice. I should have thought that Mr. Gray and the Inquirer, were like the two old Scottish houses, whose blood would not mix if poured into the same basin. I can in conclusion only express my sincere hope that their alliance may not end, like another un looked for alliance, the union of the house of Capulet with that of Montague,; in misery and destruction to. the two parties most intimately concerned. . -, 'I remnin Sir, ...: like Mr Gray, Yo. ur obdtservt.,.. And still less like him inaet iiuch as I am, T?. ENAX 'PROPOSITL 