THE PROSECUTION OF THE REV. W. J. E. BENNETT. Tiie appeal in the cause of Shoppard v. Bennett is still proceeding before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council— present the Lord Chancel lor, the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of Lon- don9 Lord itomiily, oil J times ColvilG, Sir J osepli Napier, Lord Justice James, Lord Justice Mellish, Sir Montague Smith, and Dr. Montague Bernard. On AVednesday Dr. Stephens, Q.C., resumed the argument, of which a report of the pro gramme is contained in the Record cf that day. There were several discussions on incidental points' which occupied a considerable portion of the time. AVe hope to he able hereafter to pre pare a report of tuo salient points of the argu ment and of the authorities by which the Learned Counsel first undertook to show what were the doctrines of the Church of England after the Reformation on the subject of the Real presence. The keystone to the whole is contained in the declaration at the end of the Communion Service "that . the natural body and blood of our Saviour Christ are in heaven and not here, it being against the truth of Christ's natural body to be at one time in more places than one." In discussing the third section of the 2Sth Article, Dr. Stephens stated that "the giving of the body of Christ in the Sacrament is by God and not by the minister. " The Lord Chancellor asked for an authority for that position. Dr. Stephens replied that he was coming to that presently, and the day's proceedings temi- nated. Yesterday Dr. Stephens, before resuming his argument, answered some questions which had been put to tliim on the previous day by their Lordships. Sir Montague Smith had asked, if, as Mr.. Stephen had asserted, the words "corpo ral presence " in the Declaration on Kneeling were an exact equivalent for " real and essential presence there being," why there had been a substitution of the former for the latter in 1862, when this rubric of the Prayer-hook of 1552 to the corporal presence in the elements, which the Church of England denied, but, inconsequence of an alteration in the character of the contro versies on the subject before 1662, that phrase had in general usage come to he applied to the real presence in reception. The language had changed not in meaning but in application, and it was therefore no longer safe to deny the cor poral presence in these terms " real and essen tial," for they had become ambiguous, and might have been understood to deny the inter nal presence as well as the external presence. AVe reserve the detailed report of Dr. Ste phens' important answer to the Lord Chancel lor's question at the close of \Areilnesday's pro ceedings for another occasion, when we may be able to quote his authorities. Sir Joseph Napier here renewed the objection made on a previous day to quotations from bishops' charges and living authors. Dr. Stephens would not put his ecclesiastical Sore in competition with that of the Learned Lord, but certainty it was the first time in all his experience in ecclesiastical causes that such an objection had been made by any Judge. Lord jRomilly said that the point had been already discussed, and he thought that the Learned Council had better go on. Lord Justice James added, " Go on, go on." Dr. Stephens proceeded to finish the quota tion, observing, that at all events he was follow ing tho example of the Learned Judge, with whose Judgment he was hound to deal. Dr. Stephens next examined the Learned Judge's opinion with regard to the Receptionist I Doctrine. The Dean of Arches saiil it was thus expressed by Hooker — "The Real presenco of Christ's most blessed body and blood is not therefore to he sought for in the Sacrament, but in the worthy receiver of the Sacrament. Upon which the Learned Judge remarked — "To whatever cause this opinion of Hooker may be due, whether, as has been suggested, to his re spect for Calvin or' liis sympathy with the suf ferings of Reformers on the Continent, or to the result of his own convictions on the subject, it was certainly not his intention to maintain that no other mode of the presence could be lawfully holden by the clerks of our Church," in proof of which opinion Sir Robert Pliillimore quoted several passages from Hooker's writings. Dr. Stephens said it was remarkable that in a passage which the Learned Judge also quoted from Dr. ' Moberley, the present Bishop of Salis bury, that prelate says—" I do not see how we can consent, as with Hooker and AVaterland, to limit authoritatively that Presence to the heart of the receiver." He then contended, with re ference to the articles of charge, that the natural body and the true body of Christ were the same. The Lord Chancellor understood that Mr. Bennett did not use the word " natural," nor did he himself use the word " true." He had only adopted it from one of Dr. Pusey's ser mons. The Bishop of London. — You assume that if lie quotes with approval Dr. Pusey's use of the word "true " he is chargable with it ? Mr. Stephens. — Certainly. He had adopted it by incorporation into his own writings. It was contended that the words "natural body "were, in fact, the meaning of Mr. Bennett's language when it was put together into a single proposi tion. The Lord Chancellor. — I should have thought you would have charged him with the language he had used. Mr. Stephens replied that the ground upon which the appellant had been obliged to frame the articles was that if Mr. Bennett h ad used the word "natural" as would' have brought himself within the precise words of the Declara tion on Kneeling, and ho had, therefore, avoided this danger by using exactly equivalent theologi cal language. _ AVe purposely omit attempting at present to give a detailed report of the examination of Mr. Bennett's doctrine as contrasted with that taught by the Church of Eugland. AVe may, however, state more in detail the Learned Counsel's summary of Dr. Bennett's doctrine. He said that with the doctrine of the Church of England having been ascertained in the former part of his argument, it would next be necessary to compare the statement of Mr. Bennett in regard to the Real Presence, gathered concisely from the passage of his works which are set out in the Articles of Change. Mr. Bennett, speaking of the presence of Christ in the Eucharist, says : — " It is a presence without us, not within us only," and the lines 45 — 47 he says, " since then it was his truo body that was given for us on the cross, it is his true body which is given to us in the Sacrament. The manner of the pre sence of tho body is different. The body which is present is the same." This, said Mr. Stephens, is an assertion of the presence of the true body of Christ, that which suffered on tho cross, liis natural body, without us, i.e.., external to the communicant. Mr. Bennett further says, " Here before God's altar is the presence of the Son of God in human flesh subsisting." This is an assertion of a local pre sence of Christ in human flesh, agreeing with and illustrating the previous assertion of the truo body of Christ, without us, i.e., external to the communicant. Mr. Bennett assorts in the second edition of his Plea for Toleration, "the real, actual, and visible presence of our Lord upon the altars of our churches." In the third edition of his Plea for Toleration, Mr. Bennett, in Appendix IS, lines 2S, 29, has substituted for these words the following : — " The Real and actual presence of our Lord under the form of bread and wine upon the altars of our churches." But Mr. Bennett says, at lines 36 to 38, "my meaning, and. that which passed through my iqiikI in writing the origin.il passages, was pre- cisely the same as that which is now conveyed m the words substituted." This, said Mr. Ste phens, can only be the case on the ground that both m the original and substituted phrase Mr. Bennett meant to assert the real and actual pre sence of the true Body and Blood of Christ in the Elements. And that presence so certain that to see the Elements was to see Christ, which he therefore in his first phrase expressed as the Visible Presence of Christ. This original phrase, "visible presence," Mr. Bennett tells us, was 1 ' liable to a different construction from that in which he used it." This phrase, taken literally, would imply that Christ was visible in his own form. He therefore changed the phrase, but maintained the same doctrine of the actual presence of Christ upon the altars of our churches, not under his own form, but " under the form of bread and wine. That the phrase " under form of bread and wine," thus adopted by Mr. Ben nett, expresses the Real and Actual Presence of the Body and Blood of Christ in the Elements appear from the language of the late Archdeacon Wilberforce in his work upon the Eucharist, pp. 1G4, 165. This passage was quoted. In Ap pendix 16, line 28 to 30, Mr. Bennett, in the second edition, says " that lie is one of those who elevate the Blessed Sacrament— who myself adore, and teacli the people to adore, the conse crated elements, believing Christ to be in thern ; believing that under their veil is the sacred' Body and Blood of my Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." Iu the thii'd edition, Mr. Bennett, in Appen dix 19, lines 32 — 35, omitted the words — " tho consecrated elements, believing Christ to be in them ;" and substituted, in lieu of them, " Christ present in the sacrament under the form of bread and wine." In this case, likewise, Mr. Bennett says that his meaning in both phrases was precisely the same. The difference lies in the assertion, in the one case, of the adoration of tho elements, believing Christ to be in tliem, for which he substitutes the adoration of Christ in the elements. On the subject of Real Pre sence, there is no substantial difference between the two passages, They first spoke of Christ present in the consecrated element. The second speaks of Christ present in the Sacrament, under the form of bread and wine ; which must also be an assertion of the presence of Christ in the ele ments, for the following reasons : — First, because Mr. Bennett says his meaning is precisely the same in both passages. Secondly, because lie gives precisely the same reason in both cases, viz. : "Believing that under their veil is the .sacred Body and Blood of Christ. " Thirdly, because this statement, that he "ele vates the blessed Sacrament," shows that he is using the word " Sacrament " as meaning the consecrated Elements, for it is the Elements that he elevates. And this is the construction which the Learned Judge puts upon this lan guage in Appendix 117, line 38, when he quotes Mr. Bennett as saying, " who myself adore, and teach tlic people to adore, Christ present in the Elements, under the form of bread and wine." This language of Mr. Bennett in the Plea for Toleration proves that he maintains the actual presenco of the true or natural Body and Blood of Christ in the Elements upon the altar, or iu the bauds of the priest. For the following reasons : — First, because the adoration which he pays, and teaches his people to pay, can be given only to the actual presence of the true or natural Body and Bloocl of Christ, and not to any mys tical, figurative, or sacramental body. Secondly, because the body and blood, which Mr. Bennett believes to be present in the ele ments, are such as draw with them, by neces sary consequence, the presence of Christ Him self. For Mr, Bennett speaks of the "presence of our Lord upon the altars." And again, . " Christ present in the Sacrament." And again, of " Adoriug God in that blessed offering." This is by the personal or hypostatic union, by which, wheresoever tho true natural body of Christ is, there is whole Christ, God and man, which con sequence would not follow from tho presence of any mystical, figurative, or sacramental body ; but only from the presence of tho very true na tural body of Christ in tho elements. According to Mr. Bennett's statements he be lieves that " under the veil of bi'ead and wine is the sacred body and blood of Christ," is a plain assertion of an actual presence of the body and blood of Christ in the consecrated elements. This expression, " under the veil," is not to he found in the formularies of the Church of Eng land. The idea intended to be conveyed by this expression is, that the presence of the body and blood of Christ is only slightly hidden, and covered by tho elements, as by a thin veil, which scarcely conceals them ; and thus it expresses the actual presence of the body and blood of Christ in the elements in a manner which stands a stage nearer to the visible presence than even the formula under the form of bread and wine. It is of this presence that Mr. Bennett speaks, in Appendix 17, lines 1 and 2, and in Appendix 20, lines 0 and 7, as the real objective presence of our blessed Lord, which the Learned Judge, in Appendix 83, lines 39—41, explains to mean that tho presence of Christ is mysteriously but really in the consecrated elements, apart from the act of reception by the communicant. It is therefore submitted that Mr. Bonnett lias been shown to teach : — 1\. That the natural body and blood of our Lord and Saviour J esus Christ are not only in heaven but here, to wit, upon or before the altars of our churches under the form of bread and wine. 2\. That there is an actual presence of tho body and blood of our Lord in the consecrated bread and wine. 3\. That there is an actual presence, called by Him at one time a visible presence, at another time an objective presence of the body and blood of Christ, in» the consecrated bread and wine, without or external to the communicant, by virtue of or upon the words of consecration, irrespective of the faith of the communicant, — a presence given to all who receive the elements. 4\. That there is an actual pi'esence of the true body and blood of our Lord in the consecrated bread and wine, without or external to the com municant, prior to and separate from the act of reception. The Learned Counsel therefore submitted that this teaching is contrariant to tlio plain and definite teaching of the Church of England ou this subject. Yesterday the Learned Counsel summed up his statements as to the teaching of the Church of England on the Real Presence. He said : — I have now examined all the extracts given by the Learned Judge, as authorities for the construction of the formularies of the Church. Of those which are authorities in the Church of England not one has been found to maintain Mr. Bennett's doctrine. I recur to my former proposition, viz., that the formularies of the Church of England do contain a definite doctrine on the subject of the Presence of the Body of Christ. That against Rome, she denies the corporal Real Presence, or any real actual pre sence in the elements, on the altar, or in the hands of the priest ; while, against what is called Zuiuglianism, she asserts a true com munication of the Body of Christ to the faithful m the ordinance. It is submitted that this de finite doctrine has been proved from the follow ing principal formularies : — (1) The compilers of our Communion office carefully rejected all passages asserting the Presence in the elements which had been con- taine.l in the Savum missal ; and even those passages of the Prayer-book which might seem capable of bearing or implying a meaning in any degree supporting a Presence in tho elements were removed in the Second Book. Respecting doctrine, the principle of our Reformers in the complilation of the First and Secoud Prayer- books was this, — to retain everything from tho ancient liturgies that could be retained consis tently with the AArord of God, and therefore re jection amounted to protest and denial. (2) Tho Thirty-nine Articles in tho 28th Article exclude Real Presence in tho elements irrespective of reception, by limiting the efficacy of consecration, or the breaking of bread and the blessing of the cup, to reception, aud making it depend upon the right disposition of the com municant. That Article further excludes all Ileal Presence in the elemonts, by denying all corporal giving, or corporal taking, or corporal eatmg of the Body of Christ, which must have resulted from Corporal Presence in the ele ments. _ And, by limiting reception of the Body of Christ to tho operation of faith, the 28th Article rejects all external Real Presence. (3) The Homilies maintain "the communion of the Body and Blood of Christ," and oven an " Incorporation" thereof. But it is not an in corporation with the bread and wine, hut with tho souls of the faithful, wrought lty the Holy Ghost through faith. (4) The Catechism asserts that the Body and Blood of Christ are not outward, i. e., external to the communicant. But inward, that is in the inward and spiritual being of the recipient. And, accordingly, limits reception of the Body and Blood of Christ to the faithful ; by whom it 's verily and indeed taken and received. And, above all, speaks merely of a presenco to the faithful in the ordinance not in the element. (5) " The Declaration on Kneeling" denies the corporal presence of the Body of Christ, and asserts the great principle that governs this whole question, viz. : — That the true Body o£ Christ, that Body in which he suffered, his na tural Body, is in heaven and not here ; and that to be here would be contrary to the truth of that Body. In none of these formularies does the Church of England recognise any distinc tions of different bodies of Christ, nor any dif ferent modes or manners of the prescuce of his Body. All this detiuite doctrine of the Church of England the Learned Judge has not dealt with as authoritative. "When Dr. Stephens opened that branch of his argument relative to the thirty authorities cited by the Dean of Arches to support tho doctrine of Mi'. Bennett, the Learned Counsel com menced by stating that the first two authorities relied upon by tho Learned Judge were Rat- ramn and /Elfric. The former lived about 700 and tho latter about 600 years before tho acces sion of Edward VI. These authorities were of course cited to support the meaning of certain words or phrases in the Acts of Uniformity of Elizabeth aud Charles II., and the Thirty-nine Articles perhaps as a contemporaneous ex position. The Archbishop of York. — What was the ob ject of the Learned Judge in citing Eatrainn and. JElfric ? Dr. Stephens. — The only answer I can make to your Grace's question is, "Davus sum non GSclipus." (A laugh. ) Dr. Stephens then proceeded to discuss Sir Robert Phillimorc's thirty authorities ; and, from Ratramn and iElfric down to Bishop Mo- berly, the quotations were successively proved, to be either obsolete, irrelevant, and inapplic able, or inaccurately given, or retracted. For example, the quotation from Dr. Mcberly's " Bampton Lectures " was retracted in the edi tion which his Lordship republished as a Bishop. Iu regard to another supposed authority from the works of Archbishop Bramball, a full stop occurs in a passage where there ought to be a comma. The words omitted completely changed the meaning of the whole passage. It may ba safely said that seldom have the authorities ou which a Judge relied been so completely and conclusively disposed of as those of Sir Robert Pliillimore in his judgment of the Bennett case. — Record. 