Ti e ' :m' wit ?merting on thc' Wsouh.T Jes, quistiun hs. really takeu placer aud:wth -wha? r:esult .;Inisteadof having this -de htfl concentration of stinks pllacedluiei our noses ~at Fiherman's8Bend,. we.a have that romanutic spot,.knowu as the i .liawntnown racecourse, transferred, intol a gigantic sceut iottle, without any stopperlin it. for the beinefit of all wlhom it miy equ ceru Asll the petty little .Borough Counails on the othier side of Melbourne are jubilait it the idea, and .if they do not present' ti;e inhabii.,ts of Williamstown withli .oiiien a head foa theirielf-denying generosity, iis only because they tunnot- appreciate such public munificence on our par. Mr. Inglis 'as 'niterlarge on the subjlect at the mieet Sing thei ther evening, .and fondly iningined thpt, the .pjeople-in Williamstown, at least al who hiave the-sense of smelling, as the p?a:r-facetic.usly'remarlked, were anidons !remov; the iuisanices as fias r us possible. W.s thiere eve: nsuchh man ?.Is .,there ieally anyone. in .our '"village" wh'o: would richly enjoy the .treat of having these centres :.fpjerfuimery a little meater ' We .dha.o' ?t'1hcfii dal. benefit as they are at ipr ituate b ;ut if we could only have hlhn. sytted.along Nelson-place, we should hg he inbtle, toifully understand what a I g it mt be to livo close'ot li thim. 1* D~lui~tsieede det.ytogtve h hg nrs I :l;;nterest. I i idg 5ientil hlectur s the density,of ;dif- 1 fieroantwiaidild 'hicz ; dIe ht,,e been very. p i lle, .Lr we nit~d to tell one, of-the. youngsterasthe same tig for his.next days: t] essay at,school just jfore .we left home., ti Mr. L had no.o doubstudied, the subject i -b carefully, and .anm, sure everybodyl a presenr must have felindebted' to.him for: l the valuati knowled,he ; imparted. -i'.M ' t PEoole was durmxihb to be itty -'t.all p costs, and therefoeº 4 l osed the gardens as 1i the most suitable .'at :Some time 'ago''I had the pleasure.' 'tPo the sname place for the+ pu rp ' boiling 'down ii snakes,, and - perh1aps f all the differeniit boiling-down establisbihents , cre settle'd there Williamstown iuld' pro ?: forT"f I't course there ~rould bet rush 'for'iljck'. ' ff:a land next to a boillg downii yarn. " ;i . " Clough thinks it is "V, the'intieest bf?xril liamstown and the ilony:at lnrge to eL~ courage'trades 'of everj descriptio, w6hether offensive or iot. t" te right??,ht?,t dear fellow, an?l thlrefore I seriously advise you to invite an ' evening harioteer,", thle,prp-. riaetor of a caindle and oap. manufactory,;of a boiling~down establissment, &c.;, in. order that you may, beable.' toencourage trades, of every description, whether,.offensive ..or not.'.',,hey, say,, of two evils choose the less ,"andl , suppose thattis what.lhs really been.done in the;,pres?nticase; .but really: Truganina appears a.littletoo near-for even the most ardent lover if jockey clubs.: , ' The battle- wageth finercely, and: ?Messrs. Figg: and ;Wilkinson iarn abusing one an other to .their'hearts', content :'at'least, to ,an extent.that would' satisfy most mortis.: If they do not satisfy themselves, we believe they. will give people'iin geneirl enough of what should 'concern themselves:' It is' re~ily am.us.ing to see the air of assumed. in-, -nocence our;worthy doctor,,assumes : quite refreshing. :,He launches off in a wild style= that is certainly -peculiarly-his-own, but, need we remind the ,doctor, verv, undigni fled. Boiiiba~t will never pass for dignity, and we gene!raily object .to a mass of long words being crammed down our throats in the reckless way Dr. Figg 'would do' -it: Would one of the' doctor's kind fiienlds re mind himni"th'atihere is' ?uit "a step 'f?iop f?o the :sublimie to th.e ridiculous,?."i nd'that ,while aiming at the frst we may' uncon sciouslv adopt the latter style: I miiust con fees at thle sames time to feeling pity.for Dr. Figg if 'all ,his aaientst .who.,ulnfortunately . die torment him-in the'way this one would if it had been' Irihs tise. : riely every wiid that .blows conies fraught witli sighsand groans of troubled ghosts,jcome to: disturb the peacefulhours : Can he walk the streets without meeting" tone'-it everiv"coiier' bit terly reroalching hiam? i We feelfor Dr. Fig' s sensitiveness, wlimic must, have been sadly shocked at seeing such an .untoward, flte--a sight'he is' so little accuistomed to. .Mr. Wilkinsoncaiinnotbe too severelyrepri: ianided, for: so.'iiidenuly .disturbing .the equilibrium' of, the: toctor's-: nerves, : es pecially when he'sho wed' suicli' great stock of aensitiveiess'iin i: the iet ig.h-i "re nihidel Mr. Wilinson of the, sad effecti of thechild's,death. It looked like the work ings. of a nature naturally very sensitive and refined, to harrow lMr -Wilkinsonna' feelings in the way he didii Ciousiatent, gentlemen, very consisten .... Tenders ae a~t "Ist' c':illel for deepening the' water, atthe, steamboat pier, :.Those whilhave gone:across- the bay in the Gem inmuit have: ailively, recollection 'of the ad vantges to be gained. by a sea voyage. on a smill" scale Letl there, be the slightest swell ani our Gma of a boat rolls like a tub. Infact, many a time .I' have 'thought it would be' moire"pleasaut to go a'cross ii a washing"tulK. utntwhat is' the. delightful rolling. to getting her head stuck in a sand bank. There would be one advantage in it. If they could only run her into the 'bank' fast, tlhey- might easily give "t'othi:r'nd" as toss up and jerk the ,passengers on. to: the, wharf without the trouble of coming right up. That would be a very nice me.ans df locomnotion; especially to the ladiis,"and of course ,everybody Would see, the superior advantages offered by the Gem to intending passengers. :No doubt the Government were afraid tha't if the Gemi were allowed to hiil'lhe'r?passengers in this way, it would draw off all traffic from their own line to Williamstown, and so cause a falling off in the revenue. Certainly it is high time something w\ai done ini the matter, and the Government are none too early in calling for-tenders for the work. Volunteers have come well, to. thei front,,, and presented Mrs. Downs with a very sub stantiaal mark of their esteem for her trui band,'in a manner whjich must", have.ben ve'y pleasing "to all the parties,concerned. After all the ups. and downs (shocking) of life, Mr. Downs has determined to have "a 'quiet fireside of his own to' sit duawnailt hbeniht o ,ca oes I a ?u,. qito ?ist oo' Every mpan mis snxiouis to'S thonce1(ge y tine at least;: sird I sin q;gnte aiiio earf l'body wuc A lonig lfa and hLainne aisa to .: A $ ,o aund the fa p.art.ner q c his lqt. , nti tme , , i e;: wh i.not so ll:,-,, to,. ,,ae., tase hu mourv, and fl akwre& nresenta ions fa, should litke to winter wucto sooir noric. much ni.re ;ni will idie ttinl 'ei ; known' . Lqn s go f "i age , n.n " .ae,at by th Bell spent. The mo proposil nmadeJy ji brotlher? ?rir,,;"Lamjp-i lighter, .believe+sity thwi ,olsnter th ihonltl bupild ai?niall hut forthe busind goin place f ahe present ng persoiliei h ing ,in notid orthv the;nae of ascrie to uton,,,He, ar as' . u' tell., Whey a man ,is vergingi as he oncei ?, and there need. be no fear. now as once of his spend'ing it in dink;,, ad- nowo that .inter~ will soon, bon u again; tlh nights will lie getting .ratther col i a :iman of 'ha age and the. niofey',that, ld lie euiied to put up .ais ssl1 ,bode. inent ne,1 nolt n. hec srily. he continetora te li1ount,rci :,ifhiy will only. start the. subsripton ;adi., set the business going.j, I There are sureb some persons ,left w,oRa would be Milling :r, subscrightbe ne h apit laudable ,objecth, and `ge athe por o11 .an;u someinidea of cofort in is lasa;day, u .J{. thint it-wouldcomew ith ileier,grace ,-from thee ol:unteels, as. he. take i luge o ,rtil? firiig- ground:. ,ý I ihpa, the, mle;dais'l3 je.ie +. dsorougilnth'iie I, iSr"e Id, ? detdined~ n hiýl opinion o, oun eoinctliois;,hreisI anfoablsene `o i npbiity inl their charateri11 'they exhiiited , ink the "sever scrutiny thyi Smeorf i r h"a fets- r4 r?misen t 'in . by rhard-worked labourers and still hiarder [worked lirinteic. 'was still frtliehrannsedt, I ..beg compelled to listento"a japer$tbatt was rlead'definin edii es of ii thtbeý 9ojcil'{, tafellouts pecoilonone halfl t}iatis requiredtof,, thei they'wilf suiav but Ljttlo tipfor. ;ay-;, I 'thing. else, Thli town ,,cl k ~skke., for.?;n Slioliday to recruit .his health.. ,He,,waas,.a-:r. lowedafortnight, and .was advlised.tosviit;p Ta snniia; aud. iake. the best usaiofhi:p .ti+de.' I The. town. clerk suddenly..brightened: up.aitJ. the prospect of the treat, expecting:ofncursa.' ' that. the :Council. wdidod give,'him:.i'fesa1:i ,l.pounds to pay his expenses. ,:,,:He-rerienui:; 'beredl how: liberally "a nieghlour g' mnin-i. cipality had, treated, its' town' clerk 'a fi'i " daysagoand.our Mr.. Smith,: no:doubt, Ex ,pected aomething ;If he did, hewvs'dilomed" r to., bitter" disappointment. ,.The; climate' ofi L Tasmnia is deliglitfully invigorsting, ald if-+ l 'one has the means whlerewitih :to' b?e coii."1 fortable it is a most cnjoy able place ':bitft Ii: a'ma inclined to 'think thsat "'a main' with':aii" einpty ipurse had better remain athoiome?'.:'?I am i'iiiformedl, upoi folerably:good kut'liorit' that our'' counellrs ne6ver troubled them= selves to ask whether theirclerl's"pua?'i' f empty. or fu , .. . . , ,.,,, ll 