THE BOXING- DAY REGATTA. , The gontlomon composing tho committee appointed to carry out tho arrangements for a 'Regatta on Boxing Day achieved a groit success yostordny j and it must havo been gratifying to nil concerned to seo such a gathering of woll drossed people on tho flagship and tho shore wj^vaiuu U1JO xiuiiuuun xxoiBi in .Duumoa roacn, it being computed, that the number of people on tho two ktoainers, Yarra Yarra and Emu, and thoso in boats, and oil tho green slopes forming tho banks of the river, amounted at least to fivo thousand .persons, affording sutisfaotory . evidenco of the public tasto for tho- manly amusoment of aquatic sports, and which will, no doubt, stimulate the patrons and lovers of boat-racing to exercise their exertions on some futuro occasion. Tho Yarra Yarra, whioh vessel had been do puted to perform the duty of flag-ship instead of tho James Patorson, took her doparturo from tho A.S.N. Company's lowor wharf a fow minutes after ten o'clock with her decks crowded with sight-seers, a largo number of whom wero ladies. Tho steamer took up her position oppo site the Hamilton shortly boforo eleven o'clock, and preparations wero immediately made to arrange tho starting of tho first match on tho programmo, that for ship's gigs, pulling four oars j but as no entries hod been reccivod in this mutch, although the list had beon left open until tho ovening of Tuesday, Jack did not avail himself of Iho opportunity to exhibit his skill' and muscle, proforring inglorious ease to manly oxertion. Second Race. — For all comers, pulling a pair of sculls in skiffs. For this event three competi tors eamo forward, tho prizos amounling'in tho whole to £3, but one,, tho Bluo Bell, after making a show of starting, hovo to, and returned towards tho Flagship, leaving tho other two pullers to squuro tho matter between them. Edwards, in tho Minnie, showed first, and Roberts, in tho Eugenia, second. Third Race. — Farmers' and traders' sailing boats, under five tons. — First prizo, £5 ; second boat, £1. Lethbridge, in the Morning Star, beat tho Stormy Petral into fits, and won the fiver, leaving the odd noto to Bill Coopor. FouiiTit Race. — For open sailing boats, centre-boards and fins excluded ; prizo, £10. The noat little Mermaid was much fancied in this match, and tho Eclipso found lots of admirers, while tho other boat, the Miranda, also had her friends. The course down Iho river was a dead beat to windward, tho Mer maid taking tho weather gaugo of Iho other two from tho start, tho Miranda keeping, however, well up to her. Tho Eclipse lost ground upon every tack, her build not enabling her lo forereueli so fast as her rivals. The Miranda's mainshcet, on rounding tho buoy olf Wyboru's Jetty, got fouled and caused a capsizo, tho crow being only punished with a dunking, before thoy wore rescued by a boat bolonging to the Francis Cadell. Nothing daunted, they soon bailed out and wont at it ngain, and at tho finish was not far behind tho Eclipso, which secured second honors through tho Miranda's miahup, tho Mer maid t-iking tho ten-pounder for her easy vic tory. This reminds us of a feat performed by Mr. E. B. Forrest and his crew some ten years ago, whim his smart littlo Kate filled and sauk just off Couolly's old wharf in South Brisbane. Mr. Forrest not only raised his yacht, but came in Iho winner by a long distance, although his right to tho prize was disputed because bo had received assistauce iu getting his craft afloat. Fifth Race. — For centre-board and fin-boats undor canvas ; ono miuul o time per foot allowed ; none classed less than 18 feet. Fivo boats con tested fot the £10 prize. Tho Vision took the lead in beating to windward, tho Firefly and Colleen Bawn close up, and tho other two doing their lovel best. At tlio como in Iho Firefly was first, Colleen Bawn second, and Vision third; but it is said the Colleen Bivwn will claim tho tennor, undor tiio allowance in length of keel. Sixth Rack.— For all kuol boats not oxce'ed ing 18 feet. No less than nino boats entered for tho £G prizo, but the Countess curried her coronet to the front at tho finish, keeping Toby as hor train bearer in couipaiiy with a Scud-der. Suventu Race.— For gigs, pulied by nma tenrs with four oars. Those boats, the Star, Arrow, and Sandlly, were entered for this raue, and tho cup prize ; but tho briljiant ' firo flies' got their logs so damped with river water, as to cause them to cavo in, without making a flutter. This was to be lamented, as thero was boef enough in tho craft, to make Iho Star blades move; but it was not to bo, and Ward's crow were too many for tho Arrow's light woights, tho Star shooting the flagship ono niinuto and a quarter before tho Arrow hit tho centre of the flag. Eighth Race.— For all coiners pulHng a pair of oars iu ckiffs. Tho four pounds set down as prizes to tho first and second bouts was ' secured, so it was said, under on amicable arrangement wit.h tho Browns', Jones', and Robinsons' contesting. Ninth Rack.— For amutonra, pulling a pair of oars in skill's. Fielding uud Pascoo, in the Kalo, won tho cup, beiiting, after a smart con tost, Wobb and Geary, in the Caledon. Tenth Race. — For ainatours, pulling four oars iu socoud-ulass gigs. Ward's crew, in tho Nina.'won tho cup, boating, though not very oasily, Hamilton's crew, in tho Lurlino. Hurt's crow had a leaky bout in the Fotini, and there fore no chance for a winning spin. Elrvkntk Rack. — For canoes puddled by amateurs ; tho prize being a liver presented by Mr. Buchanan, M.L.A., for which Young ' paddled his own canoo,' and the Echo so charmed dear Nora that Young Brigga could not get the frail thing along ufc a pace suflicioiit oven to catch tho Echo. He (Brigg's) finishbd in mute despair. ; : ? ? Tho gig and dingy racq finished tho sports of tho day. Blanchard, in the Firefly, not giving tho eruw of the Nina a ghost of a ehancoto touch him, or to necessitate an immersion in Mother Bi'isbuno's loving bosom for the thirty bob set usido for the winner. The day passed, over very quietly, and con sidering tho large number of people who wit nessed the regatta— computed at fivo thousand — it was gratifying' to have to reoord so fow acci dents, and thoso on the wator, of a harmless nature. 