WALLAROO : WEDîîESDAyTfëB^I. It is not because there is no proper legis lative work for them to undertake that a ppecialty for slandering, backbiting, and bearing uncomplimentary evidence against their -neighbours bas been developed to a surprising degree amongst the members pfthe present Parliament—not because there arp no reforms needed which might well be undertaken outside the Cabinet, and to carry which through successfully would make the reputation of those who undertook them. On the pontrary, there is not one, bat a score of such reforms crying for some one to take them in hand. The harvest truly is plen tiful ; but, as truly also, the laborers are few. And, we are afraid, it is of little use asking that more laborers of the same description as those who are now engaged should be sent into the Seid. Perhaps some persons may argue that this is being hypercritical. Qn fcro^d general grounds we bave flQ right to complain of hon. ¿nembers refraining to undertake tasks for which they have no capacity whatever. They know, doubtless, what they are best fitted for, better than does the great out fide world. For instance, when Mr Habt indicts the Attorney-General, although lie could not, to save his life, draft a clause of an Act of Parliament that should çmbody his meaning and no more, he {»raid skilfully weave pertain facts and Actions together eo as to make a very plausible charge. Jf Jje, with a number pf his brother members, should neglect dry, irksome, and • uninteresting legislation, $ud engage in the far more lively and spirited proceeding of picking holes in men's coats, maligning their reputations, and dealing in personalities generally, it may be assumed that he and they are fol lowing the bent of their genius, and, al though we may deplore that men returned to Parliament to legislate for the common weal should devote themselves to the work of amateur detective officers, we should not too rigorously condemn them for failing to perform that for which they bave not the ability. They pannot make bricks without straw any more than could the Israelites of old. One of the evils of the state of affairs which we deplore is that the legislation which is performed is necessarily of a plundering, deceptive, and worthless des cription. The course is, at. the present .time, for legal practitioners to draft Acts pf Parliaments, after which lion, members ^9ve'jS&ftfe;,'but a Parliamentary pleasan try, are called " amendments " upon them. These/it is almost'needless to say, are, in many instances*- excrescences, opposed to thè spirit of the Acts, änd«ot unfrequent ly devoid of ány meauing whatever. In. others they mean precisely the reverse of what their authors and. the ..Assemblyip tend. The consequence is that so fearful ly and wonderfully aré many pf, the ^cts of Parliament in the Statute Book now made, one of the best qualifications Judges and Magistrates could possess, would be that of being skilled in divina tion, or in making out conundrums. Only a skilled conjuror could say what were t-hç precise iqtentions of the framers of some of our statutes. This, we main tain, is a hardship on all cesses. It is hard that a man should suffer pains and penalties for transgressing a law wliiçh could only be understood by calling in the aid of witchcraft. It is next to im possible for a suitor to know whether lie can obtain jqstice in a Court of Law, when .only a man skilled in the black art can tell what law is. The glorious uncer-, fcainty that proverbially pertains to law ' is thus magnified by the loose language, .and unmeaning sentences, which unlearn ed men introduce into statutes that were, at the first, to say the least, coherent. This mischief is remedied to a very considerable extent in the home Parlia ment by tl*e revision which Bills received from the Commons undergo at the hands of the Law Lords in the House of Peers. The remedy required in this colony is more difficult to find. If, pfter the second reading, the Bills should be revised by the priginal draftsmen, or by the Law Of ficers of the Crown, hon. members would again want to " amend " them, and the consequence would be the original confu sion would be more confounded. But the difficulty of the remedy should not debar its being sought. As the case stands, laws are passed, and theu regulations, which totally alter there complexion, are from time to time issued. Hon. members, we argue, would be much better employed doing the work of the country, by obtain ing the amelioration of grievances of the description we have been alluding to, than in constantly springing mines in tended to sap the Treasury Benches. It is quite possible to agree with the late Commissioner of Public "Works, Mr Cabb, that a return of the surveys made in the colony for railways may adyanta geously be placed on the t&ble; of the House, in order that further and useless expenditure in twice doingtïë spme work I may be awided, at the same time it ! is possible to understand that under the present constitution of the Assembly such surveys will necessarily be made. Mr Cabb, in his own honorable person, is an instance of this. Recently, whilst he was in office, the Government, of which he was a member, called for a report from the Surveyor-General upon a line between the South-Eastern coast and the interior. The Surveyor-General, after making a flying survey, strongly re commended that the line should com mence at Eivoli Bay. Why and where fore the then Government chose to ig nore the Surveyor-General's strong re commendation, and favor the Lacepede Bay scheme, is one of those things that no one could understand, and that nobody called for an explanation of, simply and solely we believe because there is not one honest advocate of the line in the House, and the whole matter has been a job from the beginning to the stage it has at pre sent reached* After Mr Cabe had moved his resolution, the Goverument treated it, as did every one else, as being levelled against the survey of the Morambro and Lacepede Bay line—a survey that, as be ing in the South-East, was commenced whilst Mr Cake was in office. If it be unnecessary now, it was equally so then, as Mr Cabe knows very well. Parliamen tary paper No. 40, of 1868, contains a " book of reference together with plans and sections of proposed line óf railway from Port Caroline to the Border, with brauch to Narraccorte." The Parliamen tary return Mr Cabb has moved for will be just as valuable as the Parliamentary paper of 1868, and as are many others that are annually moyed for. They are merely require4 for political purposes. They are not wanted in the service of the colony but to damage a Ministry and as- j sist in an attack on the Treasury Ben- j ches. When they cannot bp thus ^sed j they are taken no Rptice flf: We have consistently opposed the Southeastern railway policy that has hitherto been pursued, but with the plan of carrying a short cheap line to Moram bro, we, like to others who have pursued a similar policy to ourselves, can agree ; but it must be on the understanding that for the present the line goes no further than Morambro. Its terminus would thus be equidistant between the celebrated Tatiara country and Narracoorte. If the Tatiara country be what Mr Waed and other members describe it—a large area of magnificent agricultural land—such a line should raefet with their ideas. By common ço,ns$nt thç área of agricultural land in tße vipinity pf; Narracoorte is very limited. In order to make anything like a case for a line to it, the imagination be jrery largely drajyn upon. l'hélé niiist bé jictitio^s contracts for the'con ve^ftnce of 30Q tons of.yheat to the seashore, made with one man and his two or three sons, for Parliamentary purposes. During tlje year ending March, 187.1, Mr Bootiibt's Statistics tell us that there were not above 1,500 tons of wheat grown in the united counties of Kobe and Mac Donnel ; and the .man who can stand up in Parliament and tell of contracts on the part of two or three farmers for the con veyance to the seaside of one-fifth of the whole amouut grown in the t*yo counties concerned, must have more than ordinary ignoraqce or assumption, The (govern ment plan to Morambro sketches out what is the true railroad policy of a young country. The lines made should be trunk lines, such as, this would be, and they ought to be fed from roads. It is impos sible for lines to be made everywhere, arid if one were made to the Narracoorte area, south of which there is q, good road to the seashore, the settlers in the Tatiara country should not complain if they have to cart their produce for twelve miles to Morambro ; and neither should farmers in the areas of Jessie and Narracoorte grumble if a line is made within twelve miles of them. I Several cases of typhoid fever are reported to have occurred in the vicinity of Mount ï^emarlr ! able, and also, in that of Port Gawler. Messrs Watts and Wells, of Adelaide, are calling for tenders for the supply of iron ore in lots of from 100 to 500 tons, to be delivered on the wliarf at Port Adelaide. The Moonta Amateur Histricnic Club will give fine of their popular performances this evening in the Institute. Posters giving full particulars have been issued. We are desired to call attention to the fact that the sale of Mr Blackwcll's Household Furni ture, which was advertised to take place this day, is postponed until Tuesday, 5th March. The Border Watch reports that "hop picking is to be commenced at Mr T. Williams's Yahl farm on Monday nest, when we understand a number of residents will take a holiday to see the opera tion." It appears that 6,400 letters recovered from the Bangoon, were brought to Adelaide by the branch inuil steamer. The Post Office authorities, with great credit to themseh es, but with considerable difficulty; succeeded in deciphering the addresses of all but fifty-four. The Bunyip tells of an instance of the liberaUtv of Mr W. W. Hughes, who has promised to sup pliijent by one fifth the amount raised, by a Bazaar to assist in liquidating ¿no cost'of Üe Presbyterian Manse in Gawler. The proceeds of the Baz*ar would bp about £300. It will be seen by an advertisement that some sections adjoining the new Jetty at M»onta are advertised in our business columns for sale. The township, which it is supposed will spring up near to the jetty will, we understand, be «ailed Pran kervilia. We perceive by ihe Bunyip that the plant of the Gawler Times was sold for £200, Mr GL Warren being the purchaser, an i a double demy press from the same office was sold on Monday for £41. The partnership between the proprie tors has been dissolved, and it would appear that the business will be carried on by Messrs Mofiat and Fergusson. The Maryborough Chronicle says that:—"We are informed on reliable authority that a com pany of £60,000 has been formed in Sydney to work the sections known as a Wolca, and that a capital of £75,000 is offered by the samo propriet ary to develop certain lodes on the Moolbooiaman run as soon as it can be found leading to a safe port. We were shown, says the Newcastle Pilot, a cucumber grown on one of the farms up the < river, which for size and shape, beat« anything in the same w ay that our American friends have yet described to us. It is upwards of five feet in length (this was ascertained with some difficultv owing to the extraordinary shape of the vegetable") and still appears to be perfectly firm and sound and fit for human food. We alluded in a recent issue to a man named Richard Tippett, from this colony, being lost in the bush, near the Mount Perry Mine. In its most recent issue the Mount Perry Mail says ' The man Tippet, reported as lost in the bu&li;, has again turned up, looking none the worse from his unpleasant wanderings. He was fortunatety found, on the fourth day, on Gin Gin station, by the stockman, who kindly obtained some food for ! him, got him a fresh horse, end escorted him into ' t<Jwn." ! The result of Sir James Martin's border policy | (says a Victorian paper) is already showing itself. On Wednesday last an application was made by j the proprietor of a saw-mill on the New South Walps border to the Victoria Commissioner of Railways for a site for Iiis mill on the Victoria bank of the Murray. He found that be could not ! carry on his business profitably and pay the duty 1 on cut timber, and he therefore proposes to tram* j fer his whole establishment across the river. The ¡ application was at once granted. i -i jilted lover has sought the intervention of the JCynelon police. He is described by the Guardian 1 as " a well-to-do miner who had become enamour ed of a girl not more than sixteen years of age, ■ and whose acquaintance he had made at a Kyne ton boarding-house. The wedding was fixed for yesterday, the trousseau was provided, and some £20 worth of jewellery was presented to the bride that should have been ; but she, it appears, had another string to her bow, and went off by the first train on Friday morning to Melbourne. The jiired one wanted a warrant to compel her return or the restitution of the bridal finery furnished at his expense, and he was sorely disappointed wher¡ he found that the law did not interfere in euch cases." The Mount Perry Mail reports that:—"There has been great Activity on the Sydney StopkiSEx change in Peak Downs .copper shares. E¿rly in thé month they went up to f 3¿ £3 4s, and;£3 Qs, and thß advance steadily continued until they reached £4. The next lialf-yearly report will be anxiously looked for, and if favorble, as is expect ed. thp value pf thç sh^rea.will prqbably go still higher. So far as one can judge ou the spot, the works continue to be carried on with the utmost Tjgor, and the yield of oûp'per is fully maintained. [The eflect of the telegraphic news by the mail just arrived has been to raise the shares to £415s.] . We have been shewn a letter received by a gentleman in TVallaroo from Dartou near to Bar nesley, Yorkshire, in which the following reference is made to Australian preserved meats " I hope : there is a better time in prospeet for Australian preserved meat. In consequence of the extravagant price of English Meat Companies are being form; ed to establish factories in Australia for making it and importing it, and I expect that vast quantities of beef and mutton will soon come out. It is sold at 6J-d per lb, and reaches us perfectly good and wholesome. The vrorking classes are just begin ning to get over their prejudices about it and the other week 300 tins, about 61bs each, were sold in Barneglcy, in one day." Although the weather has been very moist and sultry at Wallaroo, and there has been continually a slight full of rain during the past few days, nothing like a heavy downfall has been experienced. This has nqt been the case in many places, for we understand that on Saturday night the Plains between the Hummocks and Port Wakefield were flooded, and very heavy rain was experienced at Ettdina. We are informed that on Mouday morn ing the road from Kadii.a to Port Wakefield was so heavy that the mail was two hours behind time^ and only succeeded in making the journey with the aid of twelve additional horeps. Qn Tuesday the wind blew from the south and south-west, and very much more pleasant weather was the conse quence, although a slight rain fell at intervals. A correspondent of the Argus says—" Having heard the almost incredible snake story, that a man after killing a snake, felt his leg itch, and rubbed it, and in three days he died, although the snake did not bite him, it beng stated that a snake in the agony of death has power to shoot its fangs and poison out. Well the other day I was killing a snake with a whip, but the head of the snake was not within a yard of my hand at any time, yet I felt a sharp prick in my wrist. I found thereon something like a email tooth with part of gums attached, which I immediately withdrew, and threw away, the part bleeding and J causing shooting pains from the elbow to the j finge«. The part still continues discoloured j around the wound." J An advertisement in our business columns directs attcution to a Bhamelesa desecration of the j resting place of the dead too frequently taking i place in tbc Peu t Wallaroo Cemetery. This is not the first time we have had to notice what is really a scandal to the town and neighbourhood, and now the Trustee« offer a reward for the dis covery of the depredators. Of course, should ! these be found out, severe punishment will be meted out to them—such as they richly deserve. Recently the Trustees had the ground fenced in %G ai to keep out all goats, &c.;, but the money they expended will have been thrown away if the present saeríügious system of spoilation is to be continued. We sincerelv hope that parents, who may have reasons for supposing that their chil dren, when in search of firewood, break the fence put up by the Trustees, will stringently check the practice. Death from fright is not often noted. A case though seems to have occurred at Creswick. The Advertiser states that a lad named G-azzard was with his brother engaged in cutting thistles. They espied a bandicoot, to which they gave chase: it found refuge in a hollow log into which the deceased put his hand, but immediately withdrew it remarking that he was bitten ; in a few minutes he became sick and insensible. He was quickly removed home. He remained insen sible and went to 6leep between two and three o'clock and about four o'clock died. A post mortem examination was made by Dr Lindsay, who deposed to the healthy state of the body ; he considered the cause of death to have been a shock to the nervous system through being under the impression he had been bitten by some ven einons animal, or in other words, the boy died through fright. Ore Exchange says :—" Another example of the strange things that may happen to a man in Victoria was brought out in East Collingwood police court the other day—that he should be sold in his infancy for a pot of beer ! It was stated in evidence, on the occasion of a little boy I being brought up as a neglected child, that his mother had some time previously disposed of him in a public- house to a horse breaker at North Fitzroy, for the small consideration of e pot of eolonial ale. The horse-breaker subsequently parted with the child in favor of a neighbor woman, who in her turn hestowed him upon a female friend. The two women in whose custody 'lie had last been, asked the bench to send the little fellow to the industrial school, out the magistrates declined to do so till an effort was made to find out the whereabouts of the mother. The application was, therefore, postponed, and was not subsequently renewed. We observed an impudent attempt at plagiarism in the columns of a contemporary about a fort night since, but as we had before called attention to the vileness of the rhymes in its " Poet's Cor ner," we held our peace. But the Australasian, in its current issue, administers the following " In one of the last numbers of the Irish Harp, an Adelaide paper, a contributor, signing himself " Nahum Dodge," and dating from Qilbert, pub lishes a poem, ^titled " Bill Smith, the Lay of an Engine-driver," which is nothing more nor less than an impudent falsification and adulteration of "Jem Bludso." The bare faced theft is bad enough, but the bold appropriator has added in sult to injury by his corruption and dilution of the three first ^tanzas." Instances, says the Argus, of the beneGcial ef fects of protection are uiuifip'ying, and one par ti uïarly gratifying cerne in point hns been commu 3'cated to us. It seems that Messrs M'Meckan and Blackwood's steamer Aldinga required new boilers, aDd the contract was let to a Melbourne house. As boiler p'ates are nduiitted free of duty in this colony, one would suppose that tin? house would be in a remarkably good position to under take a work of this character ; but instead of that being tlie case, thej find it more economical to ship the platea to Adelaide, where -they jare con verted into boilers, and sent back to Melbourne to be placed in the vessel. It is stat»i|-jttiat the samething had been done in the case of ¿he Royal Shepherd, another Adelaide boat, which required repairs»:. This intelligence ought to be peculiarly gratifying to the boilermakers of this city, whose strong protective proclivities are well known. Harrest prospects in the Ballarat "district are not very favourable according to the Star We have it on the authority of an old and experienc ed farmer in this district that, notwithstanding the fine appearance of the crops, the threshing machine is revealing a painfully deficient harvest. It is hie opinion that the actual yield will not be much, if any, greater than last year, and it will be no uncommon thing for the produce of the wheat crop to tarn out even so low as seven bus hels to the acre, with many scores of acres having an average of less than 12 bushels, (rood crops are quite exceptional, although from the appear ance of the grain as it grew in the field, it gladr dened many a farmer's heart now only to griev ously disappoint him. The ear looks fine, and the straw is healthy ; but when the ill-grown and shrivelled grain are separated from the healthy and marketable corn, it can then be seen how the low yield is accounted for. The frost, perhaps, Or, what is more probable, an early hot wind, has shrivelled up many grains before they were ripe, and thuB left each ear of corn laden with more than half of its store of inferior and unmarketa ble grain. This news comes upon us with sur prise, and we can only trust that the depreciated yieldç are not eo general as our informant thinks they are." JEgles writes on the Australasian :—" A mar riage settlement is a capital thing under some circumstances. It has kept many & carriage rolling, that vfquld have been through the auction mart but for that potential piece of parchment. Talk of the merry marriage bell ; its merriment is short lived, as compared with the lasting, the startling, the joyful consolation of a well secured settlement. But there are drawbacks even to settlements. I am told that a person formerly engaged in extensive business transactions, settled say, £10,000 upon his wife. There is no impli cation that he had not a right so to do. His assets, I believe, at that time exceeded his liabili i ties by more than that sum.) îjatterly, tilings have gone crookedly with him. He is a man who lias had lqssess. His ships have sunk, he has overstayed his market, his means have dwindled, if they have pot altogether disappeared. For some undisclosed reason his wife doesn't think 60 well of him aB when he made that settlement. In fact, the report current is that ho has been turned out of doors by his once affectionate spouse, who by virtue of the Married Womens' Act and her handBome Battlement, puts him at defiance, and looks at him complacently through the parlour window of the house which he once fondly, but credulously, believed was his own in all but qame. AJf extraordinary case of systematic thieving on the part of a farmer is related by the Smeaton correspondent of the Ballarat Courier :—" Mr John M'Larn, farmer and land owner, living near the Hit-or-Miss IÇotel, Smeaton, was arrested by Mounted-constable Boyce on Wednesday, and lodged in the Crea wick lock-up for theft. It appears that M'Lam had a man working on the farm with( him fqr about four years, and that the two had a dispute, whereupon the man left. Shortly after leaving M'Jjarn lost a horse, and in timated to. const&hle; Boyce that his suspicion fell upon his late Bervant. Constable Boyce then found out the whereabout« of the servant, and accused him of stealing the horse, and gave him his authority for saying so. Thfe man then im mediately divulged to Constable Boyce a string of robberies, whiclj, according to his account, had been committed by l^arn for the last four year*. M'Larn's house was then searched, when articles of almost every description were found saddles, bridles, ploughs^ tarpaulins,'and fifty other articles too numerous to mention. Amongst the lot is a clock which was taken from the works of the Smeaton Estate Gold-mining Company about two years ago.. Innocent persons have been accused for the last four years of stealing the very articles now found in M'Larn's posses sion." The great event of the we«* at Adelaide, has been the calling o,f the Bangalore at Gienelg, for. the mail. The steamer arrived on Sunday about midday, and was visited by 9 number of our great men, the Government chartering the 6team tug, Eleanor, for that purpose. If- tlie day was as fina as at Wallaroo, where there was scarcely a breath of air to raise a ripple on the water, npt much surprise need be fait that the mail should be ship ped without any difficulty, although our town con temporaries went into ecstasies because this was the case. Of course the Bangalore was dubbed the pioneer steamer to Gienelg, which it is already rumoured will be the coaling station for the Com pany's vessels. In the concluding of a lengthy description of the visit of the vessel to Gienelg, the Register announced that " amongst the visitor to her were the president of the JV^arine Board, Collector of Customs, and Assistant Health Oflicer, not to mention many other well known and wealthy colonists." It will be news, we should imagine to the President of the Marine Board, the Collector of Customs, and the Assistant Health Officer, to find them^elres classed with " other well known and wealthy colonists," but, as perhaps the writer was one of those persons he had alluded to, " to whom the sight of the vessel wao the more inter esting." because they had " had no previous op portunity of examining a large ship." If so, some little allowance should be made for such unusual excitement. The ia\v$ correspondent of the Border Watch thus foreshadows what, not improbably,will be the course of events relative to the charges preferred against Mr Boucaut " I believe for the sake of peace aB much as from the weakness of the evi dence, the Select Committee will gire Mr Bou caut a tolerably clean bill of health—rank him B2 perhaps for a year or two, and then if he is care ful he may come out of this mild moral quaran tine with character entirely re-established. It will not do for colonial politicians to be too hard on caL-h other. They may hare their rirtuoue movements of antagonism but in the long run a fellow feeling must make them wonderous kind. As in another instance recorded in history the ghosts of their own peccadilloes will frighten them from their quarry, and convietcd of their own consciences they will quietly drop the stones with which they intended to pelt their victims, and sneak away ignominöusly. Would it not be a ■ goDdthingto pasa at the beginning or end of each year a Bill ¡for the whitewashing of political repu tations. The animosity of one public man against another ought not to outlast the 31st December. A great revival seems to be at work amongst members, and such a shaking amongst the dry bones has not been witnessed for a long time. It is not improbable that a general moral health committee will be appointed with power to sit during the recess, the final report to be brought up at the close of the century, or as eoon after aa a distinct charge- of any kind can be established against the character of cach member." After the report of the Surveyor General upon the possibility of railroad communication between Port Wallaroo and the Northern Areas, had been on the Parliamentary table for a week, some ex tracts of it were published in the Register, but these we refrain from reprinting, as when the re port shall reach our hands we will place it before our readers in full. In the meantime, we may remark, that as far as we can gather from the Register, Mr Goyder has given the publie little or no information. He assumes that no one ■ would think of taking a railway parallel with the sea cpast, and this we are, of course, prepared to grant. Then he tells of the insuperable difficul ties of taking a line across the Hummocks range. This every one knows. After Mr Hughes's mo tion for the survey had been carried, we pointed out in our iBBue of September 30 that " The of a railway from Wallaroo, North or Nortp East, South of the Areas and towards the Burra,, must necessarily be determined considerably by the impossibility that exists of crossing the Hum mocks range at any point." There are but two gaps—Hope's and Ingram's—where this would be possible i and Hope'?* which is the most practi cable, is South, on the line for Clare. . Mr Gçy~ der says that if there is to be a line from the areas to Wallnroo, it should be via Hope's Gap, or Black Point, and then take a northerly direc tion. Throughout the article of the Begister, it is aisumed that Peninsula people have set their hearts on $his çaûway to the areas, but the fact is, they have done nothing of the land. We never heard such a proposition made at any pub^ lie meeting, we have not met with a single person who wished for the railway, and in our own columns we have pointed out that it was an im possibility. At another time we may go into th» matter more fully, but here we must be consent with remarking that Mr Goyder quite endorses our often expressed opinion that Wallaroo will be the entrepot for the wheat trade of these Northern, areas. The Surveyor General concluded by almost recommending a line to Port Wake field. Fbo» a return suppled, by the Treasurer to Parliament, it would appear that the Northern, Territory Policy of the Legislature has already co6t the colony £80,000 beyond the receipts. In. addition to the law costs which this interesting, locality is involving us in, possibly eomp £10,000. to £20,000 per annum, the perfectly useless staff" maintained there costs another £10,000 per. an num. Then, the Treasurer might as well at once issue bonds to raise money upon,for refunding to. the order-holders f40,000, as this will, every law-, yer in the colony know», hjive to.be resorted to. To remedy this state of thing« what profound and. statesmanlike project will it be imagined the lato Premier and Treasurer, in hia place in Parliament,, proposed on Thursday last? A Custom-Hpuse ! A Custom-House where there is. no. population^ but Government servants and the subjects of" King Mira ; no trade, and no immediate prospeot. of there being either. Surely the author of so.saga cious a proposition, who attends Conferences and, twaddles about the beauties of free-trade*, abopid*, to say the very least, receive careful attention-.. W&j; have throughout opposed the Government, poliof, respecting this Territory, and now, we appeals to, our Solons in the Legislature on behalf of the un fortunate colony. They should not, and. neither. should our Adelaide contemporaries, abase it ai. they do, and compare it to a " white elephant."' The country is very well, and would, we have no. doubt, grow corn, wine, oil, and almost every, other luxuriant tropical product in abundance, if it were but permitted to do so. Here are legisla tors who have wasted money like water over the Territory, which they have used for politically, speculative purposes, now turning round and abus ing it as if it were a pickpocket. We appeal to. every impartial person. Which is the White Elephant? The Territory, or the Legislature? The latter, we submit. Is drawing attention to the disinclination-, which appears to exist to invest capital in legiti mate enterprise, the Baüarat Starremarks—"At. the lsst meeting of the Ballarat Banking Company it was stated that the deposits could have beeu^ greatly increased had the directors deemed an; increase desirable. One deposit of between £2,000 and 4,000 was refused, 'owing to the difficulty of finding an outlet for money,' even by an institution which has a laige connection, and is in a most prosperous condition. If the Bal larat Bank was alone in regard to this plethora of money, we should feel inclined to set the cause down to distrust which has grown up in this dis trict, but it his been pointed out by persons who have drawn quite an opposite conclusion to ours, that all the banks have more than an average stock of coin. We Bleuet, therefore, conclude that there is a lack of desire to invest, and a lack of enterprise, which is the more curious because we have heard so much of late about new industries and the wonderful development of our resources. Many causes have, no doubt, helped to bring about this state of affairs, but it is rather too much to be told that there is a wonderful increase of manufactures and industry generally when we know that there was seldom less inclination to embark in new enterprises than at the present time, and seldom so few enterprises before the public." A case which may be commended to our " tele-; scopic " philanthropists, who can find no heathen near their own doors, came before the Sandridge bench of magistrates on the 8th inst. It is diffi-. cult to conceive of a more horrible state of things than that disclosed existing in any comtnuoity having pretensions to civilisation. A family of five consisting of three girls, aged respectively 14, 12, and 5 years, and two boys aged respectively 10 and 8 years, were brought up as neglected children. It seemed that their father, Stephen Arthur Ox ford, a lumper by occupation, was a half-imbecile drunkard, quite incapable of supporting them, and their mother had been for some time a lunatio iq the Yarra Bend Asylum. They occupied a she<^ in Pilot-alley, off Nott-street, -which contained no ; furniture or fittings of any kind, except what the ^arrèstiùg constable «died "a bit of a mattress." There was not so much as a drinking vessel in the shanty, and tlie inmates, father and children, pigged together in filth.and squalor, with the oc casional company of some wretched drunken man, whom the children; decoyed there for the purpose • of robbing him. The family was mainly kept by \- the wages of sin earned by the eldest girl) who reached her 14th year last September. It was her custom to fréquent the pier when fresh ships arriv ed, and send her little brother, aged eight, to watch ior the apprentices or other likely persons, . and solicit their attentions on her. behalf. The police had become aware of acts on her part which many abandoned profligates would havè shrunk from, and in common with her younger brothers and sisters, incredible as it may seem as regards the little ones, ehe was fre quently found drunk in the streets at all hours of the toight and early morning. The father, on being etamined as a witness, said he had not been able to work for some time, beeauße of ill-health, but be had not applied to anyone for assistance. The magistrates-ordered the children, who were bright-eyed and intelligent ;looking, to be sent to thé Industria! Schools for various terms. Though apparently irredaimably wild, they seemed to be animated jby a sort of affectionate pal-ship, and evidently looked forward to their next horne as «n interesting new experience. Perhaps the In dustrial School will prove a kinder nursing mother for the younger members of the group than the stony-hearted streets. At a recent school festival in New Zealand one of the Maori members of rte House of Represen tntxve—Karaitiana Takamoana—delivered a sen sible spèech on the subject of missionary teaching *nd secular education: After reminding his hearers of the importance of maintaining friendly relations between Maories and the English, and warning them against a repetition of the mistaken policy or the past, he went on to say—y It is no good to leave thé education of the Maories to the missionaries, ¿et the missionaries teach the old people,and conduct the ceremonies of religion; let the management of education be in the hands of the committee chosen by the natives." And he proceeded to explain why: There was a school at Warirârapa to which the natives were accustomed to send their children to learn English. It was under the chaige of « minister, who was supervised Tiy the bishop, and this dignitary used to assure the Maories that their little ones were getting on welL 'iSome of the parents went there, however" said Karaitiana lakamoana, "and the first thing they saw was the teacher beating the children. The natives asked why was he beat ing them, and they found that it was because he wanted them to work outdoor work. The child ren were sent there to learn, and here was the beating them because they would'nt do work. The natives believed what the bishop «aid till they went and saw for themselves. That was Che reason why that school was broken up. Here we have an English fiction reproducing itself in a Maori fact,— "Third boy,*' said Squeers, " what's a horse?" " A beast sir," replied the boy. . „„ «Soit is," said Squeers. " Aint it, iîickîeby ? « I believe there'« do doubt of that, sir," swered Nicholas. . "As you're perfect in that, resumed Squeers turning to the boy, " go and look after my horse, Mid rnb him down well, or I'll rub you down. The rest of the class to go and draw water up, till somebody tells you to leave off; for it's washing day to-morrow, and they want the coppers filled," Finally, the conclusion come to bj the Maori speaker was this—" Do not let the ministers teach any more. That haB.been tried and has not snc eeeded, let it be done with. Let the native reser ves be given back to the Government aad be put in charge of elected committees. It is a very long time since education has beeh in the handB of the missionaries, and they "have made nothing of it. That boy of yours (to Mr Locke) who is making so much money, it was you that taught him Eng lish, not the missionaries. If the Government gjfg over the charge of education to the natives then it will be the natives ¡alone who will be to blame if anything goes wrong." No doubt these axe aot the sort of sentiments to find favour in Exeter-hall, but they have a fine flavour ofcom ' mon sense about them for all that. The verdict df the home press as to the proceed ings of the governments of the Australian colonies in reference to what they factiously term " frea trade " is precisely what might have been antici pated.. It has been pointed out that our legisla tora whilst on the one hand passing a Sill nomi nally to facilitate what they were pleased to call " Intercolonial Free Trade " on the other were at tempting to harass.each other by vexatious tariffs . framed upon principles that long since were de monstrated to be "rotten and untenable. The transparent nature of the farce that was attempt ed ii" been shewn in the columns of most of the Jiondon morning journals ; but no reasonable per \- son; will expect these to be received as authorities by our colonial Solons, against thejdic turns of their much prized Advertisers aad "Registers. Still the opinions of the home press, which is contributed to mainly by men of first class literary attainment !. and abilities,, may be interesting, if not instructive . to Bome.persons, and we commend the following passages from an article in the Saturday Jieview for Dec. 9, to general attention. After smiling at the assumption, 'said to be commonly held in Aus tralia, that "it is a losing transaction to buy in a cheap market," and therefore the colonies might " be deemed to suffer by the possible influx of : \- lightly taxed foreign commodities," the writer says, "the Delegates in their memorandum adapt with amusing reiteration the name of Free trade for their own selfish and shortsighted .. policy." «Tuet what we have pointed out repeat edly. The writer then proceeds charitably to hope>tbat "perhaps at some remote period even colonial democracies may learn to appreciate the ' retrograde stupidity of their own legislation;" and the Delegates at the Conference are spoken of as " politicians who squabble interminably with one ( another in the rival methods of administering a vicious system." Appearances certainly warrant the presumption that the period will be very re mote when the retrograde stupidity of colonial de mocracies will be evident to the people cota posing them. A sad story is thus told by the Bendigo Adver tiser on Tuesday :—" At the Sandhurst City Police Court yesterday a scene occurred which will never be forgotten by those "who witnessed it it was one which could not fail to excite sorrow and sympa thy in the hearts of those who are most accustomed to see strange things in this country. Two men, named George, Peters end Edwin ÇHyde, were brought before the court by the mounted constable stationed at Kerang, near Swan Hill. They were lunatics ; they were clothed in frags of the filthiest description, and one of them was half- naked,having neither boot to his foot nor hat on his head. The rags which they had on were old and rotten, and they seemed as if thej* had been mended a hund - red times, each attempted improvement making them worse than before. Their hair was dangling down to their shoulders as if it had not been cut for many years, and this combined with the length of their whiskers, the filth of their bodies, and their general appearance, formed a spcctaclo alike shocking and hideous to behold. It ap peared as if they had just emerged from some mountain cave, and never before knew what was civilisation ; or, like Rip Van Winkle, liad woke front the sleep of 20 years to find themselves miserable, destitute, and mad. The men were found wandering about the bush near Kerang. When first discovered by the police they looked, like wild men; or rather, as the trooper put it, more like gorillas than human beings. One was first seen walking around a tree. He had been ob served by a shepherd on the run, who took no notice of liim for a few days ; but seeing the poor creature performing the same endless task for two days, ho went and asked him what he was doing, to which'he replied that he might as well be walking as sitting down. Of course the shepherd then saw that he was speaking to a lunatic, and noticing his desperate condition, he went to the police station and gave information. The trooper in charge rode out to the run and took the lunatic iuto custody, lodged him in the watchliouse, and went in search of the other. The same evening, as he was riding through the scrub, he eaw a small fire at a distance ; he pro ceeded in that direction, and on coming up to it he saw a man bending over the fire on his hands and knees, doing his best to warm his unprotect ed body. On the constable speaking, the lunatic jumped up startled, as if he saw an apparition, and was about to flee, when he was -safely secured and hurried away to the -vatelihouse. On Saturday both men were conveyed into Sandhurst from Kerang, after having travelled a distance of nearly 80 miles ; and yesterday they were brought up before *he court and were ordered to be sent up to' the Yarra Bend. Nothing is known of their past careers, nor can anything be learned respecting the manner in which they lived in the bush, or how long they have been there ; but their exterior alone tells a tale of horror and pri vation which words cannot describe." 