WHITE ROCK From a Correspondent YEARS have elapsed and the finger of time has passed round the dial many and many a time since I had the pleasure of communicating any news to the public through the press ; and, indeed, I have not much of importance now to communicate to you. I live in a tranquil lo- cality, and my neighbours are a social, happy, honest people, intent only on industry and the cultivation of their farms, and the moral training education of their children. And although the the rents are moderate, and the ?? find in J. McPhillamy, Esq, an indulgent landlord, yet sample, having been obtained by the farmers of the surrounding locality. The corn crop also promises well ; but there is a very poor prospect of that necessary desideratum the potato; as the continued drought has checked their growth, a.d caused many to have what is called a "second growth." At present the farmers are at a standstill ; they are not able to plough for want of rain, and if it does not come very soon there will be but a small breadth of wheat sown this season. The weather for the last fortnight has been variable, one day extremely cold, with a strong S. E. wind, enough to freeze a Lap- lander, and the next hot, accompanied by swarms of annoying flies, which take unwarrantable liber- ties with your eyes and face. On Friday night the North- eastern hemis- phere presented a dark mass of clouds, accompa- nied by vivid flashes of lightning and by thunder, which caused the ?? in torrents for a time, giving hopes of a continuation ; but tow- uards morning it cleared off, and to-day (Saturday) , it is cool and fine. That which has fallen will enable some to commence farming operations, but not to any great extent, unless more wet comes, which is to be hoped will be very soon. On Thursday the 28th March, before the breaking up for the Easter vacation, the children attending the Public School under the able management of Mr. Constable were arranged in their respective classes, and, in presence of some of their parents, were questioned in the various branches of education, to which they gave answers which elicited much praise from the bystanders. They were then marched out to the playground in single file, keeping time in admirable style. Again they repaired to the Schoolroom, where they sang several songs, concluding with the National Anthem, after which each scholar was (presented by his teacher with a prize book, as a reward for proficiency and good conduct. It was pleasing to see how each child brightened up, and what happy smiles suffused their faces as they recived their prizes. After this they were dismissed for the Easter holidays. I understand there is ton be a tea meeting here on Easter Thursday, in aid of the funds for the repairs of the Wesleyan Chapel. I hope many of your city folk will attend, as I am sure they will enjoy a happy and pleasant day in this beau- tiful locality on the river Macquarie. March 30, 1872. GOLD FIELDS WEST.— D. Donnelly Esq , J.P. Returning Officer, declared the official state of the Poll for this electorate at Sofala, on Mon- day last, and as there were some few errors in the rough statement published in our last, we now give the exact figures. Plunkett, 1159 ; Church, 710 ; Belinfante, 209 ; Buchanan, 1727. In- formal votes 114 ; total number polled 3919, Buchanan's majority over Plunkett was therefore , 568\. None of the candidates were present at the declaration, but thanks were returned on their behalf by some of their supporters, and after the usual vote of thanks to the Returning Officer the proceedings closed. THE DARRELL ENTERTAINMENTT.— Although there were several counter attractions for Easter Monday evening— Thiodon's Wonders, the Cricketers' Ball, Dr. Forrest's lecture, and one or two social evening parties, Mr. and Mrs. George Darrel needed only to be announced as on a professional tour to Bathurst, to attract atten- tion. Their first entertainment was given on Monday evening last, and embraced choice se- lections of the Shakesperian Drama and a varied programme of recitation and song The large Assembly Room was filled from end to end, and every inch of standing room (as well as the large number of seats) was occupied by a most re- pectable and, judging from the applause which greeted the artistes through-out the evening, a most appreciative audience. The performances opened with the commedietta "Actors by Day- light, or the Darrells at Home ;" a neat little, and plainly understandable, plot complete, and a display of inimitable acting, at once endorsed the oft-repeated praises of the merits of the actor and actress thus introduced to a Bathurst audience. The second part of the performance embraced the 3rd Act of Shakespeare's Hamlet. Mr. Darrell first gave the celebrated soliloquy "To be or not to be," and immediately after "Hamlet's ad- dress to the players ;" then came the interview between Hamlet and Ophelia, where he urges her to go to a nunnery. The 4th scene of the 3rd act was then given in its entirety ; Queen Gertrude being sustained by Mrs. Darrell. This was the only opportunity Mrs. D. had throughout the 2nd part of the performances, of appearing to real ad- vantage. There were several points in this scene which were masterly effects of the histrionic arts. The pass through the arras, where Polonius had hidden, and where the Lord Chamberlain lay slain by the sure thrust of Hamlet's quickly drawn and fatal sword, accompanied by the rapidly spoken "Dead for a ducal, deul ;" and the ac- knowledgment to his mother, that the act was al- most as bad as to "kill a king and marry with his brother," were thrilling delineations. The com- parison of the respective pictures of his father and his uncle brought out the fine and noble affections of the son and the intent look and atti- tude, and emotion of Hamlet (while detaining his mother, when the ghost of his father is supposed to pass within sight) were truly telling. These, with many other chaste specimens of acting throughout this perhaps, greatest of scenes in this tragedy, were received by the audience sometimes breathlessly, and again with rapturous applause. The third part consisted of various recitations and comic songs. We could scarcely have conceived— after having witnessed the closet scene to which we have referred — that the impressive Hamlet could electrify an audience by the most irresistable comicalities. So it was, however; and we can only advise all whose tastes lie this way, to take an early opportunity of judging for themselves. Mrs. D's reciting is admirable ; Poe's "Bells," and "The Vulgar little Boy" of the lu^vk^y Legends, were admirably given. The same programme was repeated last evening (Tuesday) It was announced, however, on Monday evening, that there would be a change of programme for this (Wednesday) and next Friday evenings. Mr. Irvine, a Queensland celebrity, makes his first appearance in Bathurst to-night. THIODON'S WONDERS.—The Prince of Wales Theatre, where Mr. Thiodon continues to exhibit his mechanical wonders, is rightly visited by numbers of the wonder loving portion of our community, who manifest their delight by loud applause, as the varied scenes are brought be- fore them. The most mysterious and astonishing part of the exhibition is the Automaton slack rope vaulter, which by it marvellous sutir* on the rope, turning somersaults, swinging by its legs, holding on with its hands and standing on its head while the rope is in full swing, excites unbounded curiosity to know by what means such feats can possibly be accomplished in the absence of any human hand to guide the figure. The giants and the dwarfs also receive their share of the plaudits of the nightly assemblies. Mr. Lewis's short and pithy descriptions of the Panoramic views, are very pleasingly rendered and with Miss Thiodons' musical performances add materially to the pleasures of the evening. Those who have the time to spare are sure to be pleased with a visit to Thiodon's wonders and as the prices are such as to place the exhibition within the reach of all, old and young hav now an opportunity of seeing something really worth looking at. ESCORTS. — The escort conveys to Sydney to- day the following quantities of gold, viz., from ozs. dwts. grs. Gulgong ............. 4123 3 1 Mudgee ................ 219 14 0 Hargraves ............. 101 7 0 Tambaroora ....... 3994 11 19 Sofala .................. 367 18 11 Orange ................ 271 1 20 Stoney Creek ...... 303 0 0 Trunkey ............... 69 9 5 Bathurst .............. 382 3 14 9,834 8 22 THE MINING MAN. — We are requested to state that the Inspector-General of Police has been informed by a magistrate of Victoria that n*)frmilltfl»i««tBlHiTJ«i ifcil i' *i'?BiSi?i?«T1ifiii«?JKTtMi ffiHi™CTrf™^MTO#mrf^m^wfflq^iB 