PARIS. (FbOeM OUR OWN COncESPONDENr.) June 16. The Military Service Bill may now be considered the law of the land, and so overy fit citizen is obliged to become a soldier at twenty, remain on active duty for fire years, according to special cir. cumstancos, then to join the reserve un til 40 years of ago. Men intended for the church, for the olice of school.mas ter, are, like College professors, exempted from going under fire, except as amtbu lanciers. Gambotta opposed all exemp tions as a privilege and leading to abuses. and as itris necessary that a door should be either closed or open, the concession in favour of candidates for the church or the profession of school-master, opens a door very wide for evasions of the law. The real fight was over the article fixing the period of service for active duty. There were high authorities in favour of three, four, and five years. The shorter period is the Prussian plan, makes excel. lent soldiers, and allows them to return earlier to civil duties. 'It was "illus trious general" Thiers who carried, or rather forced the Assembly to adopt the term of live years. Prince Frederick Charles, the highest of authorities oni modern war, observes relative to the three years' service s-Some men with thick skulls must be kept longer than others to be made soldiers, but it is an error to think the longer a man is kept tile better soldier he becomes. The first year the recruitt passes his time crying, un the hospital, thinkilngof his eg'etchen, and.dreaming of his home. The second year he is" a godd pupil,' knows his drill, exercises writh taste. The third ,ear he comniences to be a drunkard, thinks he knows enough of his professioon, chaffs the young recruits; this is the moment to send him home, save to recall him when wanted, .The French say, that if they lind not a governament they would have nothing to laugh at. MI. Thiere, in again nmeuacing to resign if the Assembly did not accept his doxy of five years service for re cruits, assumed a position painfully ridi. culous, 'J.hcre was no justilication for Jove to be angry ; the majority was with him-a fact which he ,well knew; but he desired' to brenlk his butterfly' on the 'wheel. ' Every journal in France con denains him i tlb Assembly will tolerate him till the Prussian loan be raised, for it does not intend to be governed in any Tudor fashion, and has hiad enough of autocrats... 1esides, lIM. Thiers promised to remain Ohief of the State, and not dgeinerati into a mere cabinet minister. He hlas proved to be the most absolute of masters, opposed, as he has over been, to every national reform, from cheap post. age and railways, up to non- intervention anid free trade. As 1?i. Tiliers pales, Gambetta rises; because the latter is the only candidate who., as a fixed end and a vigorous pro. gramme, Napoleon excepted; but Sedan is as deeply down among the dead men "as Henry V, and LouislPhillippe II. The Sreturn to power of Gambetta would be as Sunfortunate as the restoration of any of lie thre,. ]'retenders: vet he might be sue thilea , of the evard. lie Ihlds nit narie, bel discipha.ed party, an unit.o, in th,. A-Asen. but a,ly a? au the country. lat fli,.ra in kill ing the " moderate" repnhlie, a hose nd- 1)., vent and success could regenerate France ; oe without compelling her to pass once more Ipr. through a fiery furnace. But hi. Thiers t on' has no fixed policy, no aim beyond an I Cr obstinate determination to carry out his fre personal views, playing with and using thl all parties in turn-running with the hare ph and holdmng with thie hauuds, It is to th castigate such a dissolving mode of ?or- lgh ornment that three of the richeor slal ae most conservative electoral districts of foi Fraance have just hosaen, by monster D maiorities, t~reo ravowed disciples of di, Gambotta. Old agoe crant goveran ful France, nor a ftaeble policy brace her up. As \lI. Thiers becomes more tyrannical hi and narrow-minded, Gambetta becomes ag more violent and radical. Iago was - niothing if not critical; Gambetta is mi nothing if not volcani. ais The " Woman's Rlights" question has Te once more come forward. The society cc for the civil emancipation of woman has gf its journal, and recently opened proceed. ni ings with abanquet. Victor liugoeending to health and benediction to the movement. m Franceo is about the last place in the ec world to discuss the woman question; ye first, because women are tile men in this at country, and secondly thepetroleuses have p rather prejudiced the acourding of un- p limited liberty to the fair sex. Louis d Blanc protests against the law which b compels the wife to fullow the husband, a as barbarous. Of two things one; either o. the wife must obey the husband. or the p husband the wife. The scaffolding of 1 ages is not likely to be overthrown, even in France where iconoclasm is so general, w which protects the family from disorgan- pl isation. It is a moral, not legal, force re the wile ought to wield; it is the head pa and not the heart that tile legislature in consults. The child clings to the mother p without ever demanding is she slave or tc citizenness, and that maternal power is ri greater as it rests upon no law, as it B springs from the heart and goes right to n the soul. A society to induce husbands al to fulfil their obligations towards their a wives might do niore good than an asso. It elation to endow wives with votes. Where s husband and wife thoroughly understand e each other the woman question is oever i shown the door. ti After the discussion on the army bill is ended, tile fiuancial state of the country tl will be debated. The free.truders are it determined not to allow M~. Thliers to 1 have his way in favor of protection. The n additional revenue required is to be ci raised by an income tax, very slight ; the A object is to got in the thin end of tLie a wedge. Some of the new sources of taxu. 1 Lion are proving productive, but much ft economy is required in their mode of n collection. There are too many civil e servants, more than oever excited under t the ex-empire wihen favouritism and ex. a travagance were so rampant. The due y do Choiseul was ltieniter of Financo under Louis XV ; on one occasion he in- t formed that monareb in coufidence, that f he had saved five millions in one month r in the national expoenses, and desired to know what he was to do with it. " Give me three millions, and keep two yourself," ' was the reply of Louis the well-beloved. The republic has changed all this kind of I book.keeping which lhas been peculiar to all dynasties in France.. The convict ships have at last set sail t for New Caledonia, sith the tritons and the minnows of the Commune. Rochofort t will likely remain in France. It is only I a voyage for the- condemned, nothing I more, as a general amnesty is certain to I be proclaimed by whatever party succeeds t AI. Thiers. Tireo or three years at mostt and the over-ardent patriots will be t brought back, and perhaps the agents who h conduct them now to the I'aciliu Ocean will themsolves be sentenced to take their t place. Thie possibility of such an eveont n may explain why the authorities bestow c great kindness on the transported, mak- i ing friends ol'the aummon of unrighteous. 9 neoss. The lad members of the Com muno-some twenty yetroleuses-mis tresses or soiled doves by profession, are by a curious coincidence to sail for New a Caledonia in the Virginia. Further, ac showtan announces that in a fe weekso i he till have six of the natives of that I penal settlement for exhibition, in guaran- I teed feathers and war paint. Parisians I will be anxious to make the acquaintance of their relatives' now neighbors; but decency forbids cannibalism. The statistics of Paris, so far as the results of the census are known, confirm the opinion that the population has not diminished, but is about the same as it was six years ago-nearly two millions. A marked social change has taken place; the wealthy portions of the city have been deserted for quarters where housu.rent is moderate, consequently, there are im mense palaces and blocks rof splen did 'dwellings tenantless. The French in this respect display one of the most a sensible phases of their character-a con tempt for keeping up appearances when the purse is consumptive. Living is a most expensive in Paris ; the local taxes n are crushing; the empire bequeathed a a frightful debt to Paris, which the siege and the Commune increased. By eco nonmy, loans, and fresh taxes, the muui lciplal council is bringing matters into order. It is at the central market where t the impost is leried on'the food supplies, t the duty being ad valor-em, and at present double. Ouo hundred weight of butter will hare to pay on an average 9 frs. in I taxation; ga?n 20, barn-door Lowl I, and eggs 2 francs. The'price of each com S?modity increases like a snowball, in pro portion to the number of hands it passes a through, whlali may account for a few t suicides of purchasers or sudden deaths produced by shocks. Fish is divided teo three elasses; salmon and turbot, a &o.;, 8 to 10, soles, eels, &c.;, 5, and her crings, sardines, &c.;, 3 per cent. Then Sthe cook levies her mirarket penny so Soutrageously that the .Russian naaas . sador indicted 'his salamander for rob . bery; one item in thie account was 25 r souns for a bundle of radishes, which can s be bought anywhere for 31 ilusiness is e not very "strLU ng" as the phrase is. Paris e does a lair export trade, but local trans actiolns are next to dead, so the stall Straders are rapidly suspending csah pay mea?ts with no prospect of resumltpluun. y Even tile gamin# that at this etinaso if shook the henry May-flies from the trues d in the Champs ElysIdes. sticking a pitt in t their bnacks, and so attaching .them to. a s. string, aelhlung the tinislied article for one if onus eachl to inlhant entuumologists, have o got no more work to do-the cool, wsr. * weatLher hatvin destroyed the insects and a with them a petit commerce. c 'The nee'sa paper trade is most prosperous. iaris Shas now i68 daily jourtals, and tile cry is . still they come.. The tendency is tu Sbring out morning, .lather then srOqing neditions. The proprieturs haveuo great n anxisty to prurade early news, The e" laest intelligence" is a peculiarity of a thise Anglo-Saxon. The Latins'here find ,a that treatises on abstract politics and such fustian pays, because France still believes sthe writes not for Frenchmen, but for meankinlt. The defeat of the " favourite" at our Dlby l?st Sunday has not cast a gloom over the capital; one sporting journal proves that the French racing studs are only English ones in disguise. and hence, Cremorne has only beaten a companion from his own stable. On the evening of the race, quite an international fight took piaee in the Mlobillo ?ardens. between the horsey interests of France and En glanld. The police carried off the belli v'renets ielero thie Waterloo struggle was fought. The number of persons at the fDerhy in the Bois de Boulogne. and the display of wealth and luxury made one forget the second empire. Acompanied with a friend and two hired detectives, I visited a few nights ago the Ruo Haxo, where fifty lustages -priests, soldiers, journalists and police. men, were barharously shot by tile Com mune durrng the last days of its Reign of Terror. The bodies were thrown into a common cellar close by. It was said the ghosts of the victims appeared every night as phosphoreseent figures. We took up position before miduight, and re mained till two in the morning. when churchyards are supposed to cease to yawn. We saw nothing but a sentinel, and heard only the ftliling rain. The police who were on the look-out for the persons who " do the spirits" were also disappointed, although at one time they a believed to be on the eve of success elt seeing us arrive. It is likely the stories of figures on the houses and window panes of Alsace are on a par with the \- Haxo ghosts. Marshal .13zaino's trial it is now said will cotnmmence on the lIt July, as tile plans of the battle fields will then be ready for the court. There are thirty persons employed preparing nod arrang inug the necessary documleuts, and the ex penles of the trial are expected to amount to 200,000 frs., a payment which the rich prisoner must matke if conviuted. lBut ti thist matter the people % ill have no " ifs;" they are glud to hear the Mar Sshal enjoys good health and hope nothing will alter it till the tmonlent arrives when lie shell have no nore interest in its pre serration. Thlo press is unnnimous in claiming a fair trial anti abstain frompreý, judging " the greatest traitor of modern times." Strange nuctrality. t The trial of the Comte Dubour; for the assassination of Ihis young wife taken in adultery is now going on. Sitice Madame Lafarge poisoned her husband no similar event has occurred which has. created more interest than the present. All the pnrties are young and most re apecotbly connected. The Countess dv, B]ourg, ode Minrleod, was the youngest at four sisters. Her fatlher was a Scotch F mai, who, having made his fortune in the i city of Cork, emigrated to France, sct tllng at B3lois, where he married a lady of aristocratic family. The mother died a young, the girls were edueated in the a convent ; th ree senior married well, \- the yosungest (Denise) mnet her husband t first in 1819 at Versailles; they were a married, she being 10 and he 23 years ot a age. A son is the issue of the marriage. e She was small, dumpy perhaps, judging: from her photograph, attractive, intelli' gent and clever, as all Frenuolwomen are. If ler fortune was 75,000fre., liar husband's o enabled them to have a joint income of 10,000frs, ayear. They were to live in I tihe country, at Iher fntlter'in.lnw's, where 1 ahe was welcomed as a pet. lier ambi 't tion was to live in Paris; she was a prey Yto a mania" to appear in society." Her g husband knew notlhingofa city life and, a having no ocrupation quickly fell into tithe vices of the capitak Pending the I war the Countess lived at Geneva. while a the huasand joined tlhe Mobileas no a cap. tats. After the peace she was ilelirered a of her only child and subsequently canme r to Paris for medical advicer, where she ire t mained. They were an ill - matched r couple, she was flihltty and he was empty. beaded. In the Parisian Iballroomns she r" quickly saw the difference between her husband and other ment ; worse, she ex B. pressed her opinion. She met Count. P Irdcorbin at a mutual frierd's and made w an assignation with himtn for next day,. a calling for hin at his oilice, ia clerkship. :s in the town council. Their criminal love it lasted for about three weeks. The hus., i' band suspected, gave fall opportunity to, Is his wife; they took their meals in coan. to mon, but slept at different hotels I hel At feigned to go to tlhe country on the 21st April last, the wife's confidence was thus to deceived. She wrote to Prdcorbin to 'm meet Iher, and they went to their ussual at trysting place-an attic in the rue des it Ecoleo. The husband had paid spies; is. be followed his wife, traced her to the a; attic, induced her to open the door as lie on " had a telegram that their child was is dying;" the paramoun fled by the roof. n- the wife opened the door in a state of u" deelabilld, she bogged her husband not to e6 call the police, hIe stuck her with his at clenched fist, stabbed her with a oans n" sword, and when it brokeopened, a clnap. en knife. Of the fiftoeen wounds she re. is ceied any one was mortal,. Three days. is later she died. The code excuses a hus-i a band for killing his wife,. if he discovers. go her in adultery in his house. Here the. o- case is different, bilut will hardly afleut it- the decision of the jury-nolrinal guilt. ito The husband was outraged, but we would are like to have seen less premeditated pre ps, parations for revenge. As for the cow at ardly paramour contempt is his best pun ier i hituant, although iis mother appeals on in behalf of "iher boy" in the journals I The, ad court was crowded. with leadies, all young, m. eagerly drinking in..the incidents of the o- traeio romance. s lMarshal Vnillant has been interred al iw Dijon; between his wife and step-son;. hte the photograph of his favorite dog being ed enclosed' in the tomb. t. T'lhn Protestant, or rather Calvinist ar- Synod, is nonw hIolding its slttitgs.; As on usual, the body is divided as to an uli so form confession of faith and submission t' to a controlling cenltral po er. ib- St. Swititn is thle'patron saint of am 25 broells makers and is lrospering his fol an lowers. Saint Pblagio presides over is jornmllists in thre piriso called aniter hiMn. ris ad where the wicked are sent crying 5- Vie l'Empire I as Iformerly when they all wrote Vice la iepubligpne I y- . ............... .. o Tire hen. the Treasurer is about tobritg tea into operation the change' whilch hoe ano in countced in his budgetl sMeeh e had, ideter. a mined to effect ilr relaflul to,t he ilterest o no deposit'in the Post.oilue savings batks. it no is announcet that on and alter tho lst SAiibat itterest will ceMse to be palid on de , posits of 1250 and upwards. . is One rainy the Miniester of' Binrwas u out visiti hiig prirshlionar, sad goingalong a very. muddy road he usiet' oan who was na meaura ng ttai. breadlh luf thd froad in:a :at rther sig.sag manner. ,'rlhs mlunister re== I marked1 "It's no guin walking to.kay, of Jems. Jeems "Well (hio), minister, d t'ttsno mucle bett a 4abltsg, tor I have ad tried balthc." 