BATHER CONFUSED AND CONFUSING. Not long since we saw a Jb rench, provincial journal containing an account of certain public proceedings, at. which Monsieur le Maire, referr ng to Irish sympathy with the troubles of a s country, gratefully acknow ledged the fraternal sentiments which prer vailed everywhere— from the town of Ulster to the Giant's Causeway. The Mayor, it ia to be supposed, was lamentably deficient in topographical acquaintance with Ireland. But, then, a Frenchman's ignorance is finical aud admittedly half-excusable. He knows France — Eartlv. She is enoush to know. This shows a high standard of the amor patrice, but it doesn't always do — as when your German happens to know France better. Of course Englishmen sneer at thia French ignorance of neighbour lands. Now and then, however, the Briton is shaky in the same regard. In the last number of the Field there was a very lively account of a rowing bout, and the crew are minutely described. There is a wiry American, a' dark South African, a Thames waterman, and there is also a powerful young Irishman named Courtney, ' fresh from the wilds of Glasnevin.' Nothing can be more delight ful than this. A stroke oar fresh from a graveyard is not an everyday idea. We re member nothing like it since the burlesque ballad of ' The Coxswain's Ghost,' wherein Bill Saunders, deceased, is all of a sudden perceived by the affrighted watch, A sittin' in the captin's gig A rowin' of her to shore. Sydney Smith used to say that there would be no railway reform till a bishop was killed in an accident. The observation would seem to apply to the slave trade in the South Sea Islands. This abominable traffic (to which we called attention some time ago) has long nourished under British protection. For several years the slave kidnappers have employed ships to carry off the islanders to cultivate cotton in Queensland and other places. Their mode of action is thus de scribed, by a traveller :— *' The kidnappers start from their ships at midnight, and land in squads of twenty and thirty each. They are armed to the teeth, and make their ex cursions with great caution until they ap proach near enough to the huts of their victims. Brands are then applied to the light inflammable roofs, and in the midst of the contusion that follows the poor scared creatures are borne down upon and hand cuffed. When- they offer much resistance the brutes knock out their brains with gun stocks, and drive their screaming women to the boats. Up to within a few years front the period of the discovery of the Polynesian Islands, Europeans have been treated with great kindness by the simple natives, .who have, time and again, exhausted their store of curiosities in making presents, and trad ing with then on board of ships touching afc different points south of the equator. Lat terly they have not only discontinued these friendly advances, but have become aggres sive, as all savages will when they are hunted like wild beasts.' At last a Protestant bishop was killed by the Islanders, and we now find the queen calling on parliament to pass a law for the suppression of the Polynesian slave trade, bec-iuse ' the name of the British em pire is dishonoured by such nefarious prac tices.' It would have been more Christian like to have given as a reason the outrage against humanity involved in such crimes. As, however, there seems at last to be some prospect of the cessation of these alleged enormities, we shall not be too particular about; the cause from which so desirable a change result. 