Miscellaneous Items. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinso: visited tlie Publie offices and tho E.vchnngo, on Wednesday. Edible fungus of the value of £800 -wa shipped from Dunedin for Hongkong by tho barque Si Gull recently. . Tho Victorian subscriptions to the Persiai Famine llcliof Fund hold forth great hopes of tho success < tho movement. The walls of the old Theatre Royal, Me] bourne, have been condemned, and tho work of demolition ha commenced. Extensive floods have recently occurred i Tusmuuia. Ibis stated that a local newspaper is tob published either at Berrima or Nattai. The anniversaiy of the birthday of he Majosty seems to have been very loyally kept up in most c tho towns and villages of thc interior. Captain Torrance, of the steamer Blackbird was ut itockhumptou on tho 21st May, lined L10 l'or unloadiii goods before reporting. Measures are being taken to erect a nev theatre) in South Head-road, by u company to bo styled "Th Royal Hyde Purk Theatre Company (limited.)" A tea meeting and concert in connectioi with tho No. 1 Division Sons ol' Temperance, was held at th Ililli, Pitt-street, on Friday evening ; '100 persons attended. The Government has abandoned the inten tion of appropriating a site for a Town Hall at Orango, and ha dod lea ted ii section us a recreation ground for tho people. The Sons of Temperance, Queanbeyan, con templato tho purchase .of a imitable town allotment with view to tho erection thereon of a temperance hall. Pi ve hundred trees, presented by tho bur gosses and others, were planted in the public gardens, Sale in commemoration of the Queen's Birthday. Mr. James F. Smith has been elected alder mau for Kingston Ward, Newtown, by a majority of seventy threo votes over Mr. A. W. .Fullick. It has been decided that thc annual ball ii aid of St. Vincent's Hospital, Sydney, shall take place on tl>< 3rd July. The various fire companies of the city hav< had sevoral alarms during the week. Tlie fires were promptly extinguished, mid very little damage done. A Royal Commission has been appointed for tho purpose of managing tho corning exhibition of colonial products in Melbourne prior to tho International Exhibition to bo held in London in 1873. Tenders for the re-erection of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, havo been accepted. Tho successful com petitor is Mr. John Wood, contractor, of St. Kilda, who has undortakcii to finish tho work In sixteen weeks. The Right Rev. Dr. Short, Bishop of Ade laide, has resigned tho official position accorded to him by tho Imperial regulations, and thus has terminated tho prece dency discussion. The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, bishop of Hobart Town, commissioned by tho Holy See, and tho Right Hov. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, havo gone to South Australia to settio ecclesiastical matters in tho Catholic dioceso of Adelaide. The Rev. Mr. Bailey, of Christchurch, has boon making from his pulpit sweeping uttacks on tho theatri cal profession. Slr. Hoskins has answered him through tho local papers, und has more than given tho reverend gentleman a Roland for his Oliver. His Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst arrived lu Goulburn on Saturday last, mid preached lu St. Saviour's Cathedral on Sunday evening, from Revelation v, 9, ll, 12, to ono of tho largest congregations ever assembled within tho walls ofthat building. Thc following telegram dated Adelaide 30th May, appears in thu Melbourne papers :-The Commissioner of Crown Lauds, in consequence ot thu action ol' tho Sydnuy Government, luis resolved to refuse permits for sheep' from' Now South Wales. It has been stated, as showing the influence exercised by tho present mining excitement on depositors in tho Savings' Bank, that during the last three months £250,000 had been withdrawn from thu Bank and its branches in the colony. The Say Standard records the death of Mrs. Williamson, of Booligal, a lady who was esteemed by all who enjoyed her ucqaaintauca. lier unexpected death will be i deeply felt by a largo circle to whom sho wa« tho "Lady | Bountiful" in hor neighbourhood. The Mayor of Brisbane was invited to attend the birthday bull at Government houso, Brisbane, on tho 30th ultimo, hut tho aldermen wcro not asked. Under theso circumstances tho corporation passed a resolution declining to attend the levee. The members of the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Sooioty, at Goulburn, have presented, at a tea party, u complimentary address to Mr. John G. Morris, Into vice-president of tho society, on tho occasion of his intended tlopurturo for tho gold-Holds in tho Western district. Complaints 'have been made in the South western Districts, especially, us to tho non-delivery of winter blankets to tho aborigines. ' Mr. Jennings. M.P., of Warbrec can, hus caused several lots to bo issued, trusting to tho Govern ment to reimburse him for tho outlay, Mr. Francis H. Nixon, has been appointed Registrar ut thu County Court, Clerk of tim Court of Mines, and Clerk of Petty Sessions, at Kushworth, Victoria. Mr. Bush worth was for some years connected with tho Press in Deniliquin. Respecting fencing, Mr. Simson, a squatter of Victoria, stated in tho Council, thuta substantial log fence costs .C25 a milo ; a two-rail fence, .C70 a milo ; a one-rail fence, with five wires, .C71 10s ; and a fence of six wires. Lils. It is reported says tho Goulburn Argus, on what may bo deemed goodauthority tliata now Protestant Bishopric is to bo created in tho Southern district, and that the Venerable Archbishop Lillington (late of Yass) will return to the colony as its first bishop. Major Bowler, who has for many years filled tho offico of'Returning Officer for East Macquarie, with great credit to himself and to tho satisfaction of tho electors geuer- i ally, has resigned lils office, which has been conferred on | William Morgan, jun., Esq. A good sign of the times in Brisbane is seen, says tho Courter, in tho announcement that a new attempt is about to bo madu to restore tho School of Arts to its truo function of affording the means of education to the people. A, man named Thomas Wilding, has, at the Burrowa District Court, obtained a verdict for £50, and pro fessional costs on the higher scale, from James Molloy, and Mary, his wife, for slander. The slander complained of was that Mrs. Molly said, "The wretch he dare not enter ; he killed my sister." The Border Post has boen informed, on reli able authority, that, thc friends of Mr. George Day, in Sydney, havo lodged a petition against Mr. M'Lnurin taking his seat on the re-assembling of Parliament. Tho I\>st understands that the objection is taken on some informalities which occurred in tho voting. On Saturday, June 1, constable M'Laughlin apprehended a man between Yass and Burrowa (says tho Gmricr), who gives his name as Henry Wedge, alias Christy, for tho abduction (in March last), of a girl under -sixteen years of age, named Margaret Buckley, whose parents live nt Tang numguroo. Mr. Wilcox, late of Bega, lenown as Sugar bag Jack, is reputed, according to tho Southern Standard, to ho tho legatco of property n thu West of England placed nt L130,()0u-Mr. Josopli linnie, shipping agent ol' Beruiigui, has come in for a comparatively small alice of luck, to wit, LWOO. The action taken by the Jerilderie Show people in charging non-members for leave to exhibit, a feo equal to a member's subscription, and double entries-without making any distinction in favour of champion Btock from other shows, is not looked upon with favour in tho Hny district. In the Monitour Scientifique Qucensville, for November, 1871, H. J. Lofort gives a paper " Ou the Altera tion of 'Well-Water by tito Proximity of Burial-Grounds." Tho author shows that a distance of ISO metres (nearly 150 yards) is insufficient to protect water from the contamination with organic matter from burial-grounds. The correspondance between the Rev. Jas. Cosh, of Balmain, Sydney, and tho Presbyterian com munion at Newmarket, liuraueru, and other districts iu New Zealand is published in tho Auckland papers. The rev. gentleman for reasons therein stated, declined to accept a call lrom tho Auckland Presbytery. The Geelong Advertiser, 27th May, states that '* sixteen bunds are now employed at Mr. BCITV'B salt factory at Ondit, in shifts of oight hours, as tho work has to proceed night and day. The salt hus as good an apiieuruuco as Liver pool salt, and is sold at 8s per bag, about half tile price of the imported article" Charles Cusick, an apprentice at Quean beyan, from tho li. C. Orphan School, at Parramatta, has been sentenced to three week's imprisonment, for stealing a Jil noto and His ¡in silver, from a storo at Michalefio. At tho expiration of his imprisonment lie is to be sent to tho Reform atory School. An attempt has been made to reduce the salaries of future Governors of South Australia to L4000 per annum, and a Bill for this object passed through the House of Assembly. On its appearance in thc Council, however, it could not find a seconder on thu second reading; the mover, thu Hon. J. Hodgkiss, standing alone. From Melbourne we hear that Mr. Dunkley, tho prosecutor in tho recent charge against threo brokers of conspiracy to dofruud him, lias commenced un action against the same parties (Messrs. Read, Egerton, and Barnard) for the loss ho sustained in tho transactions he had in the shares of tho Golden Sovereign Extended Tribute Company. The Manning River Netos has been informed that thc Engineer lor Iii vers and Harbours, accompanied by Mr. Nowlnu and some other gentlemen, ¡visited tho Manning Heads a taw days ago, and have since been examining the channel for tile pur poso ot ascertaining if any improvements eau bu made in thc navigation. David Wilson, of the Shoalhaven River, has been charged at Braidwood with feloniously stealing, taking, and carrying away a beast, tho property of Messrs. Hassall und Roberts, of Jembaicumbene. Wilson, who was remanded, was allowed bail-himself in L100, and two sureties in L50 ouch, Messrs. M'Lcod and Farrell hoing tho bonds men. Mr. F. Walsh asked the Hon. Commissioner of Railways in tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria, last week if anything, and what, waa done by Victoria respecting tho Ibridgo over the Murray at Echuca. Mr. Longmore replied thut Victoria will immediately grant the money for erecting this bridgc,|provided New South Wales will go on with tho work without any further delay. Mi'. Ellery, the Victorian Government As tronomer, has, with tho assistance of the great telescope, takon a number of photographs of the moon. They aro clear and thoroughly satisfactory. Tho Agc say» :-" It is believed that thoso takon aro the largest primary pictures of thc moon ever obtained in the world, being 3 inches in diameter on the plate used." The decease of the Rev. John Graydon, of St. John's Hall, Highoury, London, is recorded as having occurred on the 30th May, at Bishoptlirope, Goulburn. The rev. gentleman left Plymouth on tho 8th of February, in good health and arrived on tho 8th May, suffering from almost universal bronchitis. Ho took a severe cold on board tho ship Essex, and died of rapid consumption. Three remarkably fine pet sheep, bred by Mr. Fitzsimmons, of North Wagga, were killed by Mr. W. Walsh, of Fitzmuuricc- street, in that town lust week. Ono, a] four-tooth owo, in splendid condition, weighed 77¿lb, another much finer animal, but a six-tooth ewe, weighed 991b, and a magnificent four-tooth wether turned the scales at llxib. It is within the range of possibility that South Australia may be found another Petrolia. The S. A. Register, 22nd Muy, has been shown samples of oil expressed from tho substance desoribed us vegetable caoutchouc, found in tho vicinity of the Coorong. It is said to possess all tho qualities of petroleum, and to bo extructablo without much difficulty. A race on the Wendouree watei', from the jetties to the gardens, recently took place ut Ballarat, between two crows of lady rowers. As tho fair competitors havo not outerod tho lists as athletes, it would bo invidious to mention the winners' names. The boats kept close together, and tho rowing (says the Courier) caused a good deal of amusement to spectators as .well'us to those engaged. Two men, named Robert Smith and George Cabio, alias Gcorgo tho Frenchman, have been apprehended by seuior-coustablc Hassard, of Cassilis, for the robbery of tho Coolah mail a few mouths ugo. A number of cheques stolen from that mail havo been found in their possession. Both of tho prisoners were fully committed to stand their trial ut tho October Quarter Sessions, Maitland. Bail refused. The Hill End Times reports that a store keeper at Green Valley, named Francis, committed suicide last week bj' taking u quantity ot strychnine. It seems the unfortunate man hail beou suffering from rheumatic pains, and having repeatedly declared that life had become a burden to him, in a lit of despair, or porhaps paroxysm of pain, he committed the rash act. In the action of Morse v. A.S.N. Company, which arose out of the stranding of tho steamer Boomerang, alter being decided in tho Colonial Court against tho Com pany, was by them taken to tho Privy Council. The directors received a telegram per Nubia, stating that tho decision of the inferior Court had been reversed, and judgment given for the defendants. The Rev. vj. D. Coglan, late Roman Catholic clergyman at Dapto, is dead. Tho deceased gentleman has been about thirty years in this colony, and laboured during tho greater part ot that period in tho-northern dlstriots. Pre vious to coming to Now South Wales ho officiated in Spain, Portugal, and other countries on the continent of Europe. His nativo place, however, was Ireland, and his ago about seventy years. A most extraordinary defence was x'aised in a case lately before tho police court at Auckland, New Zea land. A man, charged with cruelty to a bullock, contended that ho animal could not have been illused, because after it died, " the hide fetched threo shillings moro than what a wit ness swore he got for the skins ol' his beasts, upon which no alleged caueltjr had been practised." It seems tho court con sidered the defence good, for tho information was dismissed. Captain Pierce, of the whaling barque Adventure, of Sydney, which arrived nt Aukland some time ago, has been superseded ¡in thc command of Iiis vessel by Capt. Kelly. Thu officers and men of the ship, who speak of their lato commander in terms of tho highest praise as a sea man, an officer, and a gentleman, presented him on leaving tho vessel with a very handsome gold ring andan appropriate illuminated address. The motion tabled in the Adelaide Assembly on the 30th ult. by Air. Angas relative to communicating with I Queensland to arruiigo for a steamer to connect with tho cable nt Port Darwin has been negatived, the treasurer stating that ho expected to lay a telegram from Europe on tho table of thu House on that day fortnight. Ho said that to enter into a treaty with Queensland would bo humiliating, ns that colony had misconstrued the motives which hud actuated South Australia in thc matter. The big-hearted, good-tempered, Ah Chung, tho Chinese gavnener on tho Grafton road, who has for many years past (says tho Telegraph) supplied tho inhabit-mts of Armidale with "cabbngy," has left Armidalo for good, and botakon himself once again to the Flowery Lauri. Armidalo could "ill have spared a bettor man," and hardly a family in tho town but will miss Ah Chung when they set them down to their mid-day meal and find no "cabbngy," with which he was wont to supply their table. Mr. A. G. Burt, recently returned from the Roper, has been engaged hy tho Kort. Thomas Elder to take lio camels and three Arabs to manage thom to Daly Waters, and after establishing a camp there to keep np constant com munication across the gap of country not yet spanned with tlie wiro, he will render all possible assistance to the con struction parties of tho telegraph to the Northern Territory ; but tho main object will be to enable the Government to com mence sending the European and Australian messages through with tis little delay as possible. The Governor of South Australia, has issued a proclamation approving ol a Vice-Regal Hag. The devico which is to be emblazoned in tho centro of the Hag "Union Jack " is as follows :-Four white stars (representing the con stellation of the Southern Cross) on a black ground, encircled by a wreath, and that the said Hag so emblazoned shall bethe distinctive Hag of the Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the province ot South Australia: and, further, that the said Hag bearing the said distinctive badge may bo flown by any vessel in which the Governor of the said pro vince may havo embarked. Messrs. Stanzlu, of London, have made arrangements with tho Penlnsularand Oriental Steam Naviga tion Company, and the steamship and railway companies, for the issue of through tickets for a journoy round tho world via America, Australia or China, tho portion of the journey between Australia or China, as the caso may be, and Brindisi being performed by P. and O. steamers. Tho open ing of tho Mont Cenis tunnel, and tho resumption of tho route . through France have reduced the distance from London to Brindisi to 1501 ir iles, and the timo to about lifty-iivo hours. At the last monthly meeting of the Ade laide Philosophical Society, Mr. A. Murray read a paper on "An improved plan of erecting telegraph lines," iii which ho pointed out the great expense of construction and maintenance, and advocated the use of gas-piping with a screw point. Some discussion followed, and tho général feeling was expressed that the plan would provo a great saving. Mr. Smeaton exhi bited a drawing of an ingenious contrivance for expanding and contracting theopenings in microscopicstago diaphragms so as always to preserve it a true circle A sudden death, under painful circum stances, is reported by tho Bombala Times, as having occur red at Brown's Mountain. It would appear that Mrs. T. Higgs (M-ho was ill in bed) «eut her little girl out to warm a shawl; in a few minutes sile heard tho girl screaming, and becoming alarmed for the chilli's safety, jumped out of bed and rushed into tho room. There she discovered tho cause of tlie screams-tho shawl had caught lire in tlie girl's hands. The fright and severe shock had a fatal effect upon the poor sick woman, and she died in a few hours afterwards, leaving an infant ol four days' old motherless. On the evening of the Queen's Birthday M>\ O'shanassy of Fort Bourke station, and Mr. S. Smith, of Gundabooka, drove into Bourke in a wuggonotte with unicorn leam in time to bo present at the Church of England Parson age concert. On Thursday at 10 a.m. they left Wilcannia,and nt 0 p.m. eumpedat Nenlyambo, a distance of 70 miles. On the lollowing morning ut 10 o'clock, they again started, and by 7 o'clock made Wynbar, having dono their 05 miles. Tho next day they drove Into Bourke, S5 miles ; '10 miles of which was doiie in .'t hours and 35 minutes. Tims tho 220 miles were accomplished in 3 days. Taming crocodiles seems to be a favourite sport in some parts of Queensland. Tho Mackay Mercury describes three, each about sixteen inches long. These inte resting creatures are the property of Mr. K. H. Wills, and were lound on the river bank, nour Pleystowe plantation, have ingjust escaped from the eggs, hutched on a mound of earth or mud, somewhat resembling tho nest of a bush tur key. Nine of them were found running about on the nest, but from mistaken kindness in the shape of over- feeding, six of the number have since died. Theremaining three are now about a month old, are vory lively, and are well looked after by the owner, who feeds them with small pieces of raw beef, thrust down their throats with a piece of stick. They appear to bo very tame, and ullow¿themseves to be freely handled. On "Wednesday evening last, a meeting of the Mayor and aldermen of tho Borough of Wollongong took place at tho Council Chamber, according to arrangement, for tho purpose of bringing tho matter in dispute between tho Council and Mr. John Curr, tho late Town Clerk, to a close. All the aldermen wero present, with the exception of Alder mau Cole. Mr. Curr was also in attendance, as were also Mr. Woodward, his solicitor, and Mr. Owen the solicitor for the Council. Mr. J. S. Wood, tho present clerk, was also in his plilCO. Tho document Was Uulyala--;1-l.it>\¡?-n.tiVn.. JV .'ChnmpgnniHiis. nt, behalf of the Conned, ami Mr. Jolm Curr signod tho samo on his own nenalf. A chequo for £50 was thou handed to Mr. Curr, und that gentleman having delivered over to tlie Council tho booksUud documents held by him, the proceedings terminated. It appears that Mr. Laidlaw of Tass, the convener of the Railway Progress Committee, has been in communication with Mr. Fitzpatrick, tho member for tho district who had waited upon Mr. Parkes-Mr. Sutherland, the Minister for Publie Works, being still too unwell to attend ac ms omeo-wit» reierenco to tue sito oí ino railway termi nus at Tass. Mr. Parkes said that in tho tbsenco of Mr. Sutherland, to whose department the matter peculiarly belonged, and who was already familiar with tie particulars, he would not venturo to give any decided answr to the ques tion put, but had no hesitation in promising that nothing that might have been done in the way of survejs or otherwise should be regarded as final. The case, he romrked, should still be an open one, until tho Government, at be instance of hi» colleague the Minister for Works, should lave formally gone into it. On Whit-Tuesday, the ceremony 5f the re ception of a young lady, Miss Julia Horner, ino tho sister hood of tho Presentntion Order of Nuns, was wrformed at St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart Town. Tho posulant for the white veil and tho garb of a noviceship, is a youger sister of Miss Teresa Horner, who, in conjunction with anther yoting lady, took the veil nine months ago, and who, lib her sister, has thus voluntarily dedicated herself to the wok of educa ting the children of her native land, Tasmania, ¡relie paths of religion and virtue Tho clergymen who were resent, and toole part it the service, were the Hight Revs. .r. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart Town), and Dr. O'Muliony Bishop of Armidale), tho Very Rev. E. C. Marum, Vicur-fcneral, tho Revs. J. Sheehy und R. Gleeson (Deacon and Ajhdeacon), tho Rev. D. P. X. Beechinor (Master of the Ceroranies), the Rev. J. M'Kernan, T. Kclsh, and M. O'Regan in thoauctttary, and the Rev. W. Fitzgerald in tho choir. We perceive by a notice in one of th papers received by the Suez mail, that a meeting of tho nmbers of tho House of Commons had been held in tho Straçer'-room for the purposo of considering tho amendments whit were to be brought forward when tho House goes intoComittee on tho Pacific Islanders' Protection Bill. The attidunco of members included Admiral Erskine, Admiral St. ihn Hay, Sir Charles Winfield, Sir David Wodderburn.Mr. W. M'Torrens, Mr. T. Hughes, Mr. E. B. Eastwick, r. R. N. Fowler, Mr, Henry Richard, and others. It was elded to support thc amendments, of which ¡Admiral Erskir,aud Mr. Eastwick had given notico; and Mr.lHughes waseq nested to placo a copy of tho resolution in tho hands of MKnntch bull- Hugessen, with tho expression of a hopo that t'Govern ment would accept tho amendments, the object of ùch is to confer tho power of seizing slavers upon our conls in the Pacific; to provent the illicit transport of natives'om one Island to another ; and to establish Viee-Admiraltjlourts in Fiji and Queensland. ' At the Queanbeyan Police Court on p 28th ult., Charles Cooper was charged with letting off livorks iu thc public streets, on tho 2 Jth Instant (Queen's Birtly), and pleaded guilty. His worship in giving judgment tl, with out expressing any warmth in this case, ho desi! to say this state of things should be put a stop to. It -\ a most reprehensible things, this lotting oil' fireworks in e public streets. Parties sometimes came across the bridge; young horses, and had their lives frequently endnngeriby the letting off of fireworks. Ho had no doubt that thclstees oi the recreation ground would, on application, allow l recrea tion ground to be used by the public for that purp. He, however, now wished it to be distinctly miderstorthat ho was determined to have this practice stopped, and i police, who acted impartially in these cases must bo uphelnd pro tected in the discharge of their duties. Thc défaut was lined Ss and costs. The Age understands that on ling tho court house, tho defendant, was reimbursed the amit nf the fine and costs by a subscription raised bysome iho by I standers. I The Coroner's .iui'y empanelled to iquiro : 1 into the death of tho infant of Hannah Jane Wotd (itinued tho adjourned inquiry on Friday, and sho was contted to take her trial for wilful murder.-Thc adjourned hast on 1 tho body of tho man who committed suicide neat !t Mac- 1 quaric was resumed on Friday ufternooii,'wiien thdy was identified ns Samuel Cowley, -who had resided for several years ut Parramatta, and left tho colony after selling some houses to Mr. Ferris, of the lloyul Oak. A telegram from Wollongong stated that a man named Samuel Bawley had resided there for a short time for tho benefit of his liealth, and 'that he rented n. cottage from Mr. Organ, lie left for Sydney on the Monday morning previous to the suicide. The jury returned a verdict to tho effect, that the deceased com mitted suicide while labouring rndcr temporary insanity._ Henry Samuels, alias Smith, apprehended by order of Mr. Shioll, on the evidence given on.tlie inquest of Mary Molloy, who died in the Infirmary from injuries received by the pri soner riding over her when driving a cart in Kent-street, has been committed for trial at the Water Polico Court for man slaughter. At tlie Albury Police Court, on the 27th ultimo, Joseph James Cotton, alias Georgo Thomson, the " I'entonviller," was charged, on thc information of ono James M'Coy, os being connected with the murder of tho two hawkers winch took place at Richardson's Creek, Wimmera, district of Victoria, in ISO'.}. The cn90 was sought to bo established against the prisoner by a man of the nama of James M'Coy, u labourer nt Wnlhuidool, who said he was employed on the creek, and that thc hawkers-a mau and a boy-came to his hut, of which a man (prisoner) was keeper that, they stayed there two or three days, playing cards, &c;, and that accused had had a quarrel with them the night pre viously. M'Coy adds that ho went with his sheep to tile station on the following morning, und the hutkecper said ho hud un axe to grind. On his return at night, he found the two hawkers murdered near their dray. He never saw tho hutkecper afterwards at the station, but hud met the prisoner at Bendigo and Swan Hill. Tho Bench ordered M'Coy to bo taken into custody, and dismissed the prisoner Cotton, stating that there was not tho slightest slur on his character. Tho Bench informed M'Coy that hejand his depositions would be forwarded to Stawell to bo dealt with, as, from his evidence, he seemed to know more of the murder now than lie did when giving evidence at tho inquest. The ' eighth annual meeting of the Church Society of tho Diocese of Goulburn was held last week, Bishop Thomas presiding. The report stated that the total receipts for tho year from all sources amount to L52Ü9 14s ld, being L1214 13s od more than the stint collected during the year 1870; and of this total the general fund shows an increase of LS lös 2d, the stipend fund Ll OM 18s lld, and the special fund L1Ü0 19s 4d. Since thc last report the following clergy men have been added to the list, and all are at present in the diocese with the exception of Rev. Mr. Phelps, who hus been compelled to return to England :-Rev. W. Locke, B.A., of Corpus Christi College, Cumhridge : Rev. H. H. Phelps, M.A., St. John's College, Cambridge ; Rev. J. G. Love, ol Mooro College ; Rev. J. C. Sabine, of Moore College -, Rev. J. C. Bolts, St. Augustine's College, Canterbury ; Rev. John Gray don, St. John's College, Highbury ; Rev. A. D. Aconits, Bishops* College Calcutta. With regard to the expenditure of the society, besides tho repayment to each district of tho amount collected locally for thc stipends of tho clergy, gvants [ amounting altogethor to L89:i ls ld have been made out of tho general fund in aid of the stipends of 23 clergymen. Assistance to the amount in all of L190 has been given towards tho erection of eleven churches; L150 to tho building of two parsonages ; LñO for tho purchase of a glebe ; and L25 towards tho travelling expenses of two clergymen. Many applications for aid towards buildings now in course of erection have been received by the committee, and promises of assistance made to tho amom t of L1560. A portion ot this sum is now duo; mid the committee are without funds sufficient to meet tho liability. Intelligence has been received from Mel bourne of tho holding of a coroner's inquest at Byadnk, on tho body of a woman named Margaret Tompkins, the wife of John Tompkins, farmer, who died from injuries received during her confinement. Tho evidence disclosed one of tho most horrible affairs ever heard of, and affords a painful illustration of what may happen in certain cases h om the want ot proper medical assistance It appears that a .nidwii'u named Charlotte Ward undertook to attend thc deec::>H, and finding the caso presented some difficulty, assumed tim responsibility of cutting oil' thc infant's arm with a shoe maker's knife. The child was shockingly mutilated, in the belief-whether well founded or not is not stated-that it wus dead, and amongst other injuries a large wound cutting internally into the abdomen was inflicted on the mother. Dr. JeuWins was sent for, and succeeded in delivering tho mutilated child, but found it impossible to save life, the mother dying a few hours afterwards from the maltreatment experienced at the hands of the midwife. After hearing tho evidence the jury at first wished to bring in a verdict equiva lent to "accidental death," which the coroner, with tho medical "x1-1""00 **>fo*o him, was unable to accept. After deliberating for un hour, they eventually handed in the fol lowing verdict :-That tho deceased, Margaret Tompkins, died nt Bynrnbyno u» thc, oi=b M..,,, ¡nstnrit, from the mal treatment ol Charlotte Ward, with tho IOHU«1T,S-TMC» ,_ " That the wound to the said Margnret Tompkins was in flicted by accident while cutting ofF the child's arm." After the usual caution from tho coroner, Charlotte Ward, tho accused, said, "I am certain the knife never touched tho woman." She was then committed under the coroner's warrant to the next General Sessions, at Belfast. THE AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH WALKS.-On Tuesday last a deputation consisting of the Hon. E. Deas Thomson, the Hon. John Hay, Mr. J. J. Calvert, Air. P. G. King, Mr. Major Lowe, Mr. W. Wallis, Mr. 8\. Cox, Mr. Charles Watt, Mr. C. H. Humphery, and Mr. Jules Joubcrt, waited upon tho Colonial Secretary, at his office, to request tho Government to place a sum ot money, not exceeding £10u0, upon tho estimates, to meet an equal amount raised by tho members of tho Agricultural Society. Tho Hon. E. Deas Thomson stated his belief that that was done in the year IStiO, and a further sum of .C100 was granted to tho society to aid in publishing its proceedings. He thought everyone would admit that the society was worthy of tho protection and encourage ment of tho Government of tho country. There wa3 another question which the deputation desired to bring under the notice of tho Colonial Secretary. Independently of the proceedings of tho society, a sum of £1000 was granted sometime ago to defray tho expenses of exhibiting the pro ductions of tlie colony in the London Exhibition. It npp«ured that that sum was exceded by £250, and ho believed that that £250 had boon pluged on the estimates for the present year. H« was informed that if tho sum of £2000 wero now to be devoted to a similar purpose, it would be ample to meet tho cost of exhibiting tho resources and productions of this conn try to the people of England and Europe who attended the next Exhibition in Loudon. What wus now asked for was, that a sum ol £1000 should be placed on the estimates to assist tho society, and £2000 to meet tho expense« of sending articles for exhibition .in tho mother country. The £2000 would, ho understood, bo sufficient to pay for the preparation and transmission of tho exhibits as well as of their exhibition. Tho Hon. John Hay and Mr. Wallis also spoko at some length on the mutter. Mr. Parkes, in reply, said that, as he under stood tho request, tho deputation iii thc first place desired tho Government to place upon the Estimates tho sum of £1000, and to ask Parliament to voto that to supplement tho funds of tho Agricultural Society-on condition of an equal sum being subscribed by the members of tho Soeiety ; that they desired in fact to augment tlie Society's funds by a vote of £1000 from the public treasury. He felt quito sure, in regard to that, that the members of tho Government entertained a very high sense of tho importance ol' tho Agricultural Society, and of the great good which it had undoubtedly done; and, so far us he was concerned, he thought ho should be in favour of tho object sought by the deputation, and ho would lose no time in submitting their application to tho Government. In respect to the other object, if ho understood it correctly, lt was this-tlie Agricultural Society being" desirous that there should bo a fair representation of the productivo interests of this colony nt tho exhibition to be held in London next year, thought that the sum of £2000 should bo placed on tho estimates for that purpose, mid thc society was willing to give its services in preparing the exhibits und transmitting them to Loudon, and seeing to thc necessary arrangements for their effective display. That object he woiild also lay before tho tho Government, and the deputation should bo informed of their decision. The Hon. E. Dens Thomson thanked tho Coloninl Secretary and tho deputation then withdrew. AN AMUSING MISTAKE.-One of our ama teur theatrical performers telegraphed on Monday last ko a friend in Sydney as follows :-" Go to Kirby's, Pitt-street, and get mo Ghost in a Pawnshop," meamng For him to purchase a book containing a farce known by that name. In the afternoon tho friend replied as follows :-" Cannot find such a pawnshop ; but forward ;icket and money, and I will redeem your coat,' no ¡vidently mistaking the word " ghost" for " coat.' Ihe iffair has gone thc round of the telegraph stations, ana mr worthy operator hero is often asked" why ho pledged Iiis coat."-Berrima correspondent of Goulburn tíoraia. 