A TOUR TO THE SOUTH. [BY OVIt SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ON THE BILLABONG. ' ' THE Billabong (aboriginal," billa,*' small watercourse ¡B a long creek flowing botwoon tho Murray and Mur rumbidgeo, along vast plains, and : into tho Edwon River. The Billabong blacks wore rogardod as,a vorj intelligent tnbo, but unfortunately they are now rapidlj dwindling away. I havo boon informed hy a gontlomat long reaidont in tho district that within the past ten years, over 200 aboriginals, fine young fellows, have boot taken to Queensland for tho native polico forco thora Many of thom have died thoro ; and very fow return te thoir native districts. I Jjcaving Deniliquin, tho hearest township is Conargo I For tho first oight miles small plains and bolts of timbot J aro crossed, and a publio-houso called "Tho Eight Milo" is passed. Soven miles further and tho monotony ? of the scene is relieved by a pino forest, which tho road passas through. Tho bright green of tho loaves of tho pints ls pleasant to look at in the warm weather, when everything CIBO on tho plains is parched and dried up. A farm houso (Bishop's) is hero, and a fow miles further there is a very comfortable hotel called tho 'Foroat Crook." It is built of pino, and contains ton rooms ; j Mr. Thomas Stalloy is tho host. t Following "a track from tho ForCBt Creak Bridgo, bolow tho hotel, a pleasant rido of throe milos over tba plains brought mo to a holt of timber. Entering this belt at a gate, and cantering, along a natural avonuo, ; thoro oponed out on somo clear ground tho rosidonco of Milos Patterson, Esq., J.J?. Tho station is erroneously called Boonoke, its proper naroo being Moololta. Tho houso and grounds, nicely situated in tho midst of a pino forest, prcsoat a picture of rural comfort. Tho barns,'stables, mon's huts, and out build- ing aro principally in tho rear ; while pooping botwoon tho trees tho overseer's cottage, also of pino, with garden, is seen. Having, tho advantage of hoing ou a at lovel country with no hills as a protection, oxpedi onts aro adopted to koop off tho heat. For storing purposes tboro is a well arranged underground houso ¡ and for dairy a troblo wallod pmo-house is in use. Tho temperature is always vory low in it. Tho Billabong flowsby tho door. It is often bank high.' To facilitate crossing, considerable ingenuity is ehown by Mr. Patter son which might bo taken advuntago of in other places. Having selected two largo trees, ono on each hank 100 feet across, a wiro suspension bridgo ia made to span the Billabong, and is attached to each tree. Tho bridgo ia^ a novel ono, having wiro sido or hand rails, and wiro cross pieces acting as pedals, with piocoa of 'board at intervals along tho bottom, tho wiro hoing light fencing wire, only No. G. Boginncrs find that crossing and maintaining ono's - equilibrium is a difficult task, though tho. ladies of Mooloka cross cosily. Mr. Patterson is about erecting another good suspension bridgo, of a Uko description, but using No. 2 wiro. . Crossing tho suspension bridge, a short walK brought us to tho Mooloka woolshed. This is a capital structure of pipe throughout. It is built in tho form of a T. and i »t°< dimensions aro 120 by SO feot. Tho flooring of pine [ is almost too good for tho uso to which it is devoted. I Wilding's wool-press (trnvolling box) is used. Tho yards in connection aro capitally planned, and tho shed consequently is easily worked ot tho busy timo of shoar mg. Strolling through tho grounds wo next' examined tho traveller's accommodation hut, ono of tho startling necessities of Riverina. Capital shelter, bods, &c;, aro hero arranged for thoso on "tho wallaby track,'f tho curso of Kivorina. Somo show their gratitudo by masing firewood of their bedsteads. Many squatters keep a cook spocially for thoso travellors, and 1000 meals a year is considered by somo pastoral proprietors a light tax. Of conrso thoro are many honestly in scorch of employment during the idle months, bnt unfortunately there are somo who, to use the hackneyed phrase, aro ''begging for work and praying to God not to find it to do. Tho following 1B part of a song which lashos theso loafers unmercifully: Hurrah for a lazy life I , Hurrah for nothing to do 1 Ilnrrah for tho ninnies who giro mo bread. And lind mo 'hooey too I Tho world is full of mots. Industrious as the bee ¡ But I will do nothing, and do it welt,. And that ls enough for mo. Loaf, loaf, loaf; In winter, or summer bright, And loaf, loaf, loaf. From Sunday to Saturday night. Smoke, and tucker, and steep. Bicep, and tucker, and smoke. So long as I've these ni take very good care , Kot to work a single stroke. Hs true I was taught a trade. But then Fra a regular shirk ¡ A white-livered our that folgns any excuse To shitflio away from work t ' Now. It's a pain In the head,. And now It a a scratoh or a boll ; Anything, nothing, a truth or a He, To sneak out of honest toil. Lour, loaf, loaf, io., "co.. Ac. I _ Men oft this olass amuao themselves kicking thoiis hoots in tho sun, lolling under shady trees all day,.and at sundown assumo tho garb of wayworn travellon, and approach tho stationholder with "Mister, I'm ,'vary tired, cnn I Btop to-night P A reply in the nogativo will at once bring down tho indignation of such men« Occa- sionally tho ownor of tho station is put out of tompor by tho heavy demand of his hospitality, and a refusal ta accommodate any moro has been mot with tho cool rejoinder: *_'I would'nt wonder if your paddocks kotohod tho squatter, hy sotting Bro to his grass and destroying his fences. To resumo tho description of Mooloka and ita stock and appliances i I WOB noxt shown a splendid black horso called " Tho Swell." His siro is Fisherman, and his dom is Cpquotto. Tho Swell stands 17 hands high, has_ n|boautiful hoad nnd fino limbs, and ia exceedingly docilo. Passing through a pine forest to the right of tho houso wo carno upon tho stock and killingynnls, tho latter filled with ona of Weston's capital 30 cwt. pulleys. Tho stock yarda aro orootcd of pino timber, and though light they look very Btrong and faithfully built. Tho station is nil fonccd in, and a vast sum of money lins boon expend od in dams, and other improvements every, where viBÍblo. Ono dnm alono, pointed out to mo, cost over .£600. Tho booka of tho station show that during [ tho past ten years upwards of . .£20,000 hna boon oxponded in .improvements. Tho area ofilia Mooloka station ia twolvo by seventeen milos, and it has a front ago of about twolvo milo to tho Billabong. Boforo leaving Mooloka I will refor to ono of tho most extraordinary and interesting birds on tho Billa- bong, viz., tho spotted bowor bird. Bumbling with Mr. Patterson, on n Ano day, through a young planta- tion of pinos, outBido tho garden fonco, wo enmo upon a oovoy" of thoao birds. In giving a Bhort notico of tho appearance and habits of tho bower-bird I cannot do bettor than make uso of Mr. Gould's graphic sketch ¡ Tho spotted bowor bird has tho crown of tho hoad, car coverts, and throat of a rich brown, each feather sur- rounded by a narrow lino of blaci< ¡ a hoautiful band of olougatod roso pink fonthors cross tho back of tho nock, forming a broad fan-liko occipital crcBt ; all tho upper aurrnco, winga and tail aro of a doop brown; ovory tcathor of tho back, acapularioa, and secondaries tipped M ? ? 'TS0 round spot of rioh buffi tho primarios nro allghtly tipped with white ; tho feathers of tho flanks aro marked with faint transverso 'zig-zag lines of light I brown s tho bill and foot aro of a dusky brown ¡ nnd tho baro akin at tho corner of tho mouth is thick, prominont, and of a deep flesh colour. Ono point of no ordinary interest to tho naturalist nnd general admirer of noturo is tho formation of a howor-liko struoluro, hy this hird, for tho purpOBO of a playground, hall of assembly, or somo_ such pnrposo Jmt for what partioular uso theso curious bowers aro nindo is not yoi fully understood ¡ they aro cortoiuly not used ns u nest, hut nB aplaco of resort for'many individuals of both Boxes. When they aro thoro nssora: hied thoy run through and nrouml tho bowor in a i sportivo and playful uinunor ; and do thia so frequently that tho placo ls seldom ontircly dosortod. Tho ono at Hr. Patterson's, Moolokn, was an nvonno-liko structure about ton foot long among tho young pines, 'Outwardly bujlt of : twigs,. ibo baso consisted of nn extensivo and rather convex platform of sticks firmly interwoven ; the interior wag- beautifully lined with tall grasses_ so disposer, that the heads nonrly met. j tho decorations were rory profnsoi and, consisted of bivalvo sholls, crania of small, mammalia, and othor bones. Evident and beautiful indications of design were mani- fest throughout tho whola of tho bowar; and also in tho decorations formed by these birds, particularly in tho manaor in which tho stones wore placed within tho bower, apparently to keep the grasses with which tboy were Unod fixed firmly in thou- places. - Those stones diverged from tho mouth of the avenue on onch sido; BO OB to form little paths for the birds to run. .An immenso collection of decorativo materials, bonoB, shells, 'Ac., wero placed in a heap beforo tho entrance of the avenue ; this arrangement being the same ut both ends. .As tho bower-birds food exclusively upon seeds and fruits, tho sholls and bones could not have boen colloctod for any other purpose than ornament; besido, it is only thoso that novo boon bleached perfectly white in tho sun, or such ns have boen roasted by tho natives, and hy this means whitened that attract their attontion. Tho collection, and trans- portation of theso hoary bones, &c;, must bo a task of groat labour and difficulty. There were about a dozen Eower-birtis at this rendezvous, running and playing I about. - .. Leaving Moolokn, Mr. Patterson kindly accompanied me for several miles up tho Billabong. About three miles from tho station wo carno to Conargo (the aborig I inal name is Goonara (moaning "Hopping or Kangaroo | Ground"), twenty-two miles from Deniliquin. Conargo : is a small vulaire, and has throe hotels, and a store and ! post-office, both tho latter being; cornea on Dyjttenry jjev, and Co. There ¡fl ona respectable hotel at Conargo kopt by Mr. BOBS. Almost adjoining tho Tillage is th station and residence of Mr. F. Parker, and a few milo beyond, Mr. Robert Patterson's. Neither of thea gentlemen woro at homo, so a description of their statioi mast be deferred till a future time. Whoa half-way across a plain I bid' adieu to Mr Patterson, and continued tho journey alone. For twain weary miles across tho plains tho country was uninter OBting. It was evening whon I got to a pino forest, ii which was Currabungonnung, the station of Mr. Rober Blackwood. I was most hospitably entertained there and in the morning I had an early Btart. Eight milo! from Mr. Blackwood's I como to Corea station, Wilsot Brothors', and the romaining twolvo miles to Jerilderie was ridden over in the afternoon. Tho track lay across a Bandy desert or plain, and thc day was blazing hot. My guido from Coroo was a huge black-boy called Jacob, whoso fatness Boomed to make him too lazy to speak, or give information. Umlct thoae circumstances I could echo tho words in tho follow- ing poem : Afar hillie desert 11 ovo to ride, Wi'li tho silent bush-hoy ulone hy my side : When tho sorrows of I.fe tho soul o'cremt, And, sick of the prosant, I turn to tin- past ; And tho oyo lsBuiiusod with regretful tears. From tho fond recollections of lormer years ¡ And tho shadows of things that have lung since lied. Flit over the brain like tho ghosts ot'tho dead Bright visions of glory that vanished too soon Day- dreams that departed ere manhood's noon Attachments by late or by falsehood roft Compilions of early days lost or loll And my Native Land] whoso magical name Thrills through my heart Uko electric ilamot Tho homo of my childhood-tho Imnats of my primo ; Ali tho liassions und scenes of that rapturous time, When tho feelings were young und tho world waa new, like tho fresh bowers olPiiradlso op'nlng to vlowI All-all now forsaken, forgotten, or gouo ¡ And X, a lono exile remembered of none, Ky high alms abandoned, nnd good acts undone Aweary of all that is tinder tho sun ; With that sadness of heart which no stranger may scan I fly to the desert afar from man. Afar In tho desert I lovo to ride. With tho silent bush-boy alono by my sido. When tho wild turmoil of this wearisome lifo, With its scones of oppression, corruption, nnd strife; Tho proud man's scorn and thc base man's lear ; And the scorner's laugh, nnd the rfAttercr's tear ; And malice and meanness and falsehood and fully, Dlsposo mo to m usine, and dark melancholy, Whon my bosom Is full and my thoughts aro high, An1 my soul Is slok with the sufferer s o'gli Oh, then ! there Is trrodom, and joy, and pride. Afar In tho desert alono to ride. Approaching Jerilderie, my thoughts wera diverted by a magnificent eight in the distance. The day was intensely bot, and skirting tho plain thcro appeared a beautiful laka, a clear limpid shoot of water. Beyond and on ita margin, waro outUuos of houses, churches and : steeples. Tho delusion was perfect, and wo reined un our uoraoa for a some minutes to look upon tho splendid mirage. <Jn a abort limo it disappeared, but in its place I carno other water viows, and as wo proceeded tho lakes sometimes seemed so cloao that wo had difficulty in believing it was a delusion. Jerilderie, from tho aboriginal "Jereel," arced, at last waa reached. It is a small town of about 100 inhabitants, and contains a good Public School, two stores, throo or four public-houses, nsaddler's (Mahood), and blacksmi.h's shop, &c.; Tho Jcridorio Public School is a nico littlo brick building. It wah under tho chargo of a clover young lady, Miss Kate Mahony. Thcro wore only twonty-oight pupils on tho roll, und twenty fivo in attendance. I did not expect much from the children, and was thorcforo agreeably surprised on wit'.' ncssing thoir proficiency in reading, writing and analy- sis, arithmetic, geography; and singing-tho latter particularly. Though young, the children wcro clean und well-behaved. Altogothor tho school reflects great credit to tho teacher. Tho principal stores are Messrs. Henry Lovy and Co., and Mr. 0. Van Dor Maul's. ThoBo aro gonural stores, and well supplied with a most miscellaneous stock-ali country goods. The principal hotels aro tho Boyal, and the Court- houso. Court is hold in Jerilderie on tho second Tuesday of each month. Tho magist -ates who generally attend aro E. Blackwood, W. Aawltus, C. M. Lloyd, and J. "Weir, Esos. Sergeant Johnston is in chargo of the police, and acts as C. P. S. Tho principal annual event about Jerilderie, and in faot, the wholo of Bivorina, is tho great pastoral show hold thoro. Splendid show yards novo been erected nt a cost of .£400 or .£500, for shoop, cattle, and horses, though principally tho former. Tho committee have spout .£50 for dies for their medals, which aro issuod to BuccoBsful competitors. Mr. Wm. Hay, of Coomoo noomana waa tho first president of tho Jerilderie Bbow. Mr. Mitchell is tho prcaidont this year. Tho show is generally held in tho last weak of J uly, or first week in August. Jerilderie is a wonderful littlo place in its qniot way, and I am givon to understand hy tho loading storekeepers, that a good deal of money is expended orory yoar in tho town. Leaving Jorildonoand crossing some largo plains, tho first placo como to was tho cattlo Btaiion of Mr. P. Bren- nan. His homo is on tho right bank of tho Billabong, i aoven milos from Jcrildcrio. For twelvo milos further thoro is no habitation, and tho milos soomod intermin I ablo. At last a well kept comfortable inn called tho Cooketgodong, was roached. It is built on a slight eminence, and is kept by Mr. Aloxaudor Murray. Taking a right-hand track, I entered n forest, and n fow miles from tho hotel I reached tho station of Messrs. Watt and Thomson, called Cookotgodong. Tho resi- dence, in tho midst of somo uno pino trees, is ina picturesque position, nnd consists of a cluster of build- ings, including privnto residence, overseer's house, servants' quarters, kitchen, &o.; Tho paddocks, nil capitally fonccd, woro surprisingly well grassed, in com- parison to others lower down tho Billabong,, at that timo of tho year. Tho area of tho station is about 45,000 acres,, nud upwards of .£18,000 havo boon expondod on improvements, ic, during tho past six years. It was particularly pleasing to notico that tho spirited proprietors wore duing muoh to improvo tho breed of thostôck, and thereby boucfit not only themselves but Riverina generally. Among tho mora prominent objecta of interest among tho stock is a celebrated young bull, n perfect "Lord of tho Manor " boasting for his ances- tor tho well known " Duko of.Brunswick." In sheep, recent importations, aro prize Tasmanian rams descen- dants of tho celebrated exhibition prizo sheep exhibited by Mr. Gibson, of Tnsmanin, , Loaring Cocketgedong n fow hours steady riding still over plains, brought us within sight of Urana. As wo woro making straight for tho township we wero informed that wo would havo to go round two milos, ns tho bridgo had boon washed away ; this wo accordingly «lid. For a considerable timo post this most vexatious nunoyanco has boen quietly borne by tho pooplo. Tho mall, day af tor day, has to go round, losing two milos, with tho additional wnsto of titnu and trouble to tho driver of taking; down and putting up Blip.rails ou tho way. This matter, should bo Boon to nt onco, nut! for tho stnnll cost it is a disgrace to tho " powjrs that bo." I had almost omitted to mention that for five or six miles boforo tho traveller gots to Urana, tho road runs right by tho Urana Lake, a flue shoot of water covering 20,000 acres, and hoing about 40 miles round. Half of it is a frontage to Messrs. "Watt and Thomson's station. Urana (aboriginal " aitrana," menning mia min, or camping ground) is on tho Urana tícele, d00 milos from Sydut-y. Thcro aro less than lOOpooplo in tho township. Two publio- houscs, two atoros, a post and telegraph office, nnd a polico station comprise Urana, which boasts of neither church nor school, Tho hotels aro Mr, John Porriu'a "Urana," and Mr. A. J. King's "Beyal." Both of thoso soom to bo well conduptcd. Tho storcB aro Mossrs, Mort and Watson's gouornl, including wino and spirits (Mr. liobortson, mnnngcr) ; nut! Mr. James Prico s Froo 'Prado gouornl atoro. Tho great annual ovont at Urana is tho races; gonorally hold about March or April. Tho prizes run for amount to ovor -C300. Considering tho aparsity of tho population, thia ls n vory largo amount. It is principally Bubsoribod by tho stnnon-holdors of tho surrounding country, whoso hospitality and good fooling ia proverbial. Personally I cannot speak too warmly of it, though, for Uiopresout, I regretted that timo would not allow of my moro oxtenaivoly visiting anti reporting on tho vnst improve- ments going on in thnt part of tho country. Tho station of tho Lort! of Widgiewa will form a subject for tho uoxt nrticlo. 