Hamlet v. Jav'lia. THE following is n continuation ol'thc dispute relativo to thc merits of tho two crack three-year-olds of tho season of which wo gave tho commencement last week in thc shape of letters from "Peeping Tom," and "Hamlet's Ghost." "Orange Blossom " now takes np tho cudgels, and "Peeping Tom has' his reply to the Ghost. We extract both from The Aunlrrtla sian whose Sporting Editor in afoot note tn Peeping Tom's Iettcr.<frcmnrks that "Hamlet's O host" ¡md " Orange Blossom" nro not one and tho same person. By-the-bye, I notica that "Peeping Tom " has been taking a great deal of credit to himself for having discovered-what everybody know alter thc colt's two-year-old running-that Hamlet was a clinker of thu very highest class. But ho scorns to have brought a hornet's nest about his cars, as it is proved beyond doubt that ho was tho first to throw him up in disgust and transfer his love to Juv'lin. I'm twitted willi having, after his numerous defeats, pronounced bini a non-stayer, and criticised his conformation unfavourably. I admit" tho soft impeachment ; but I erred in good company with respect to his staying powers, and must acknowledge that thocoriclusion I arrived ut was wrong, though I can jilead justification. Inspecting his shapo, I'm ot thc same opinion that I have always boon since the colt returned from Sydney as a three year'old, albeit, ns a two-year-old he gave promise of becom ing a grand-looking horse, but still a Irillo on the plain side. As for tho training of tho colt in the Park, tho present slate of his near tore fetlock joint is proof there was some foundation for tho assumption ; and if tho deep crossings uro not consider ably improved bof'ore ho again is rattled through thom, Hamlet will show bis Cup opponents his tail, just as ho did in tho V.U.C. Derby. With a little labour and expense, St. Kilda Park might bo converted into tho best training-ground in Victoria ; but I've only lo point to tho number of'horses that have been ruined there in substantiation of tho opinion I offered respecting tho risk incurred by training thero while tho crossings were neglected. It is .somewhat remarkable, " Peeping Tom," that you .should have deserted Hamlet so quickly after ho had suffered defeat. You may laugh " P. T." till your black in tho face, But yon never thought Hamlet a sticker ; Nor did I, though I never questioned Ids pace, So numskulls both, let us liquor. He can go as fast as your hands aro clapped. No rival has he as a spurtcr, But you left him : in your own not you're now ontrapp'd And branded as " Hamlet's deserter." Your friends you put on to thc Sydney colt, And told them lo invest cv'ry "stiver ;" But tiley lost and pronoucod you a foolish old dolt, Though on Jav'lin you had dropp'd your own "fiver." Doggrcl I might write for a week in thc samo strain, but that such rubbish would not he {appreciated. Yet seriously speaking, thc exturf oracle put his font in it when ho ventured tu rato others for losing faith in tho Prince of Denmark, feeing that ho was the very llr.it to drop his acquaintance, mid showed most palpably, by his supporting Jav'lin, that his old love had no moro charms for him. However, as il isa matter not worth discussing/I shall let it drop, with Ibo hopo that Hamlet may continuo to hold the premier position upon the Australian turf for m my years to como. By his doods ho has proved himself worthy of a place in tho niche of turf fame ; and neither tho fulsome adulation of "Peeping Tom," nor tlie prejudiced criticism of " Pegasus" will alter thc fact ol' lils being thc best colt of his year. 