.' The Nomination for East Sydney. (From the Herald.) Mr G. King proposed, and Mr B. Rhodes leconded Mr Patkes' nomination. Mr Tames Jonas w»s proposod by Mr J. Begg, and. seconded by Mr J. Palser. Tho Hon Henry Parkes, who was greeted . with cheers, laid he felt much obliged to the mover and seconder of the other oandidate, inasmuch as they bad Dot accused him of being an ?ccompliee in the Parramatta River murders. They had (aid nothing new. Everything that AAliifi net an in /\t lt*m LnJ _1—__ .3— I ? * _i ahortof tome such crime as he had alluded to. ?'.But there were other men quite as competent to form an opinion of hisebaracter as they were. There were other men possessing quits as acute consciences as they had. There wero other men . possessing as clear sensibilities as to what was right and proper as they possessed. And where one ef sueb ben spoke in that reckless way in abase of aim, thera were a thousand ready to .speak in bis honour. (Applause.) There was another reflection which forced itself upon his 'mind to day— that men, inconceivably bis superior, had bad 10 submit to tbe same kind of abuse. There never yet was' a tr.an— «ven George ? Washington, whom posterity now regarded as the very model of purity — there newr yet was a man who took * bold and \ independent oourie in public life but who called up hosts of enemies, And he was thankful to say that he had his enemies, beoause it was proof that he bad not shrunk' from doing his 1 doty, (Cheers.) He saw that in this contest, if ? . contest it was to be, he bad meh gentlemen , as tbe mover and seconder against him. (Laughter J Bat if those persons who were behind the scenes, who ware using the other ?*? oandidate simply as a oafs paw, really desired .', to oppose him, why did not Mr Robertioa resign ?^ bis seat and meet him (Mr Parkes) in tbe present contest 7 That gentlemen had threatened to take that course often. Why did he not do it 1\. how, if there was any such great principle involved in bis re election, as the gentleman who ' 'had nominated tbe other candidate had told the — eleotora there was t Well, Mr Robertson was not here, and it was well known man after man bad been waited upon — (' No') — and no man of any pablic position offered to come forward to oppose his (Mr Parkes's) re election. Well, ,r now, he would oome at once to the 'position in \- whioh he stood betore tbe electors to day. Three .. months ago they, the electors of East Sydney, returned him by the largest 'number of votes ...recorded throughout the country. (Cheers.) ?: ? What bad he done sinoe then whioh was not strictly in accordance with tho principles ? -which be announced when they pronounced '. ipon him. that magnificent verdict. Was there , a single act of his which they could point to — which his bitterest enemy could poiut to — which ? was then inconsistent with what be then told 1 ' them he would, do. He told them be would oppose the Ministry then in power. They elected him to do it. Had he not done U ? And in I . contributing his mite towards ' displacing thoBe gentlemen, had he not -rendered great public .service? . (Ghaers.) Well, those gentlemen went out of office, and another gentleman was —entrusted with - the formation of . another Administration. That gentleman had sine days for his .work. [A voice : ' You opposed him.] \- He did not oppose him in any way whatever. .;- He never in private said one single word to induce ?'- any friend of his (Mr Parkas) from joining that gentleman. (Hear, hear.) He left him to take bis coarse, and be left his . own friends to take their course. But 'that gentleman- relinquished tbe task, and by the sheer operation of the principles ol the Constitution under which we lived bis Exoelleuoy had sent 'or him. (Oncers.) He in rio way. .thrust -Mrnnelf upon thb coarse which h-\d lad him to hiB present high position He hoi arrived' nt this high and dUucguisnod position by U10 fair and legitimist: working of the Constitution. Add they might rest nstured he would do his utmost to fulfill tbe duties that were required of him. Well, wbut did1 he do?. He did not take the cour.Be which other persons bud taken, bo did not reaort to any improper course in endeavouring. to form an Administration,; but besought the cooperation of some of the ablest, some of tho most honourable, soma of tin1 most trusted of public men. in the coustry; and bo had succeeded in obtaining' their 00 operation fairly, legitimately, and honourably, without in any' single Case offering one of the great officer of the Government to a second party. Being :in that position, however unworthy he. might be as tlu; bead of an Administration, it became his duty tcj offer himself to his constituents, so that they with all tbe fac:a of the case before thorn, anr performing their duty in the light of ibi Constitution, might pronounce upon him cith«- their approval or disapproval. He for one wa entirely in favour .of iibe . provision ' of tb. Constitution, which required members of tb. Assembly when accepting office to go before thei. constituent!. He was present therefore on t hi ?? occasion in accordance with a principle wbiob lit believed to be' sound, and1 bo did not fer.r tin result, whatever it might be, on Wedn«sJay next One tbing be might tell them for the encourage ment of those gentlemen who were opposing him. (Hear,1 hear.) If they could succeed in defeat-t-g him oh Wednesday next, he would the next day tender his resignation to bis Excellency. So that ifothey wished to diapise him from power, all they bad to do was to have a long pull, a strong poll and a pull altogether. And lot all who w«rt opposed to bim uuito and do their utmoBt; and if they aouid succeed at the poll on Wednesday* they, ehoald succeed altogother. Well that might mean one or two things, It : might mean that he bad unbounded trust in tho electors — (cbeersj — and be felt as certain as that he stood there thai : he should be member for East Sydney, on Wednesday next. (Applauts.) It now became bis duty to offer a few remarks, and they would be few, upon the principles of tho policy by which be and his colleagues would be guided in tbe high places which they now. occupied. And whatever those gentlemen who were opposed to him in this contest might any, and . whatever bis worst opponent might toy, be ventured to predict that whenever he retired from office, be it soon or late, no person would be able to show that he had done a single act in office for his own aggrandisement, ? And Ifc again challenged, as he bad often challenged, tbe whole community to point to a single act. of his in bis public capacity where be sbu;bfto abuso -the: powers entrusted to himforbifl own individual benefit. And he promised them that ho member of his family should tare a situation under Government.. He promised that he would not exercise power in any way whatever to benefit any person in any way oonnected with him. Passing from that general courBO of administration which ho sbeuld feel bound to take, be now came to one or two leading questions of the dny If he remained in office sufficiently long be should not shrink from dealing with the largest of al' our public questions, the alienation of and settle ment of tbe people upon the lands of the country. In dealing with that question, if it should bo bis good fortune to got to it, he . should be guided by these general principles. He should endeavor to settle the country ;in every instance upen a freehold basis/ so that the small agricultural settlers of the country should have the fee simple of their homesteads in their bands ; that there should be, in other words,. no. deferred payments or obligations of any kind hanging over (heir heads. That class of our colonists who enter upon our wild lands, and by-'means-of labor (the most precious of all the olements of civilisation) convert the wild territory iuto a productive region, were the most valuable, and ought to-be the meet respected oIssb in the community. The man who made two ears of oorn grow where only one had previously grew had always been pouBidered asja benefactor ; but tbo man who made one ear 9 corn grow where nothing grew, before was .in an essential degree a benefactor to a yonng country like this. In uvy legislation which be might have the good fortune to produoe on this subjeot he should endeavor to grasp the principle, which had worked so exceedingly well in. Canada; and. other places of. North Atncrioa— he meant that the freehold .homestead- of the agricultural settler should hot be oapable of being seized ;or taken for any d«bt, or for any cause whatever, for the term of thirty years. Of coarse, the storekeepers and everybody, else should know the law.,' It was a wise law, and had worked in the moat beneficial manned in other parts uf the world — that tbose struggling men who had formed homes should be secured against the reverses of fortune; against all chances, against all eohemes of cupidity, against their own folly and will, that they should be securod in these homes for at least a generation'. Before he passed from this question,. in the general observations whiob he bad to' make, be, wished 'to, observe that ho should be as scrupuloaa as any roan in regarding tho just rights of that large and important class of our fellow colonists, the pastoral tenants. He wished to do no injury to tbe pastoral tenants whatever' And he should 'bo preparod, to the best of bis, ability, to seaure for. them everything for tbo proper posecotion of their calling — short of any attempt to invado the privileges of the rest of the bommunity. Turning, now to the question of our fiscal legislation, it was not likely, so far as be could judge, 'that the preson* Government would, during 'the present session ' of. Parliament,' deal with the question But if at any time he and ; his oolleagubs should be oalled upon to deal with that important qoestion, he should at all times, do the best he could to protect tbo young commerce of this country from any unnecceaaey impediment or rostrictioD. Whilst be said that, he ventured to stato as bis own opinion that if we woro to j have anything like proseotire duties in this 1 c.nntry, it would be far wiser, far moro iutelligiblo, fur more consistent v/ith the public welturo, to iuiposQ duties upon articles wliicli needed protecion, and leave other articles whioh did not need it as free as possible. As to tho question uf collecting tho Border duties on the River Murray — as to that question ho would not for a moment shrink from sUting his views, and stating explicitly what would bo tbe sourse of tbe Government of which ho was ? member. For: tonyeurs past, on all occasions ainoe tho quoetiou' was mooted, he bad boon opposed to the collection of tho Border Duties. As far b&ck; ns 1864 he declured his viewa on. ibis subject in the Legislative Assembly, and on all occasions at' interv.'is einoo then ho had repeated the same I opinions. Tbose wore his opinions now. [A voice i What about Gu van Duffy ?] Some porson isked Lim ' What about Gavan Duffy?' Juat 'or a moment he would digress from the general coarse of his observations and deal witb that impertinent interruption. Of allchsrl&taaiam;, of all he unfair, disiugenouc, mean, and contemptiblo methods tbat he ever saw pablic men resort to, the worst and the' gravest bad bsen resorted tb by men wbo:oughc to have taken a very different stand in this country in reference to that gentleman, because bo happened to be Chief Secretary of Victoria. What in the world, hail Gavan Dufly.to with this question ? How in the world could this question in any way affeot that ititeam-n? Why thoae persons only showed their utter ignorance of the whole questim — (cheers) — when they treated it iu tbis ' flippant, this idiotic- manner. Why tbe question of collecting tbe duties . did not in reality concern the people of Viotoria. Tbeir trade was so trifling, that the collodion of the Border duties did not concern the Victorian people at nil. But it did concern our own people. It was the pesple of New-South Wales who were interested in this question, and not the people of Victoria, in any appreciable degree. (Cheers) Ha could show them that at onoe. Nearly the whole of the trade aoioss, or by way of the river Murray came into tb.is country, and the persons who feh the annoyance, who felt the meddlesome interference of the Custom house officers were our own colonists, not tbe colonists of Viotoria. A' d he felt persuaded that so far as tbe people of Victoria were concerned, they would prefer having the duties collected. Now, with rega'd to Mr Gavan Duffy. What possible intena' could tbbt gentleman ? personally have in this question ? Everyboy knew that Mr Duffy, as the Chitf Minister of Viotoria, met tbs delegates of tbis colony iu a fair and reasonable spirit. (Cries of ' No, no' and cheers ) Tbat could not be denied. It was proved by tbe documents now on the table of tho Legislative Assembly. Wliat Mr Duffy rially said was tbis: ' You prove wlsa' you are entitled tb, and whatever that sum may be, the Government of Victoria will pay it tb you.' ' And what could possibly bo fairer as the basis of 0 safe and satisfactory agreement than that ? But it suited a certain class of persons who were deficient in argument, who fslt thnf tbeir/cause would not bear the test of reason, to endeavour to create a prejudice, simply beoause tbe office of Chief Secretary of Victoria was filled: fof tbe moment by Mr Gavan Duffy. W«il he did not hesitate to say that in his judgment, Mr Gavan Duffy was one of tbe ablest, one of tbe most accomplished, one of tho purest publio men in Australia. (Cheers, and cries of 'Oh,- oh.'9) He believed tbat that gentleman's character was above raproach. And he knew that Mr Gavan Duffy stood high In the estimation of some of the best mditi living on: the iocs of the earth. Bat what had he (Mr Parko?) to do with all that? As a Minister of this country be should not Bhrinkfrom Mr Gavan Duffy.. '(Hear, hear.) And in treating this important question, his first duty would undoubtedly be to secure the rights and the interests of this country of ours. Bat if he could secure the ' rights and interests of this country, without infiioting hardship upon thirty or forty thousand d onr own. people, they, might depend upon it that, aa it was' his duty, he should do it. . And he believed tbat our revenue might be socured, that we might obtain every shilling' to 'which ' we 1 were entitled, by an anangemont which would relieve our Border eettlers, from annoyaDea and interfareuoo by having Custom house officers at their doors, and which, without compromising tbe members of the Government, would be satisfactory to evory fair end rightminded man; So far as he could, he should do his utmoit to bring about tbat result. But if if could not be . done without sacrificing those interests, depend upon it he should never sacrifice those interests. He scarcely thought he should detain tbem much longer. There were several questions of great importance, upon which it might be necessary for him to say a few words amongst others, the question to which he alluded on Saturday night ? he meant tbe conduct of the' Government, in /relation to the persons employed in the varioun departments of the Government. On that question, the oourse which he, as a member ol the Government, would take — arjd he had no doubt (hat the Government, as a whole, would take the same coarse— was Hub: he shoud endeavour to give to : the persons in tbe employment of the Government, whether mechanics or labourers, the highest ratts -f wages that were givea by private firms (Cheers.) The Government would not give more; nor 'would they give less. Bat they vvould endeavour to hold an even scale of justice between those persons who were employers, aiid the pereons who were employed by the Government. The new Government did njjt outer upon office at a time free from perplexities and free from difficulties. Muoh 'oonfnsibn had uiulted from ths proceedfoge of jsit yoan*-' espooially frura tbo proceeding? of the last ei^h»_or ' niuu months, Miuiy quosiiuns, in bis judgment, lmd become complicated ; false principh-8 of le^ie lation bad taken root and woull bnve to be oradicited by proper measures. But tlio course of tbe Govflrnri^nt ibroiighout all this complication and confusion was claar. They hfttl; only to pursue the broul path of duty, to foar noi adverse influence, and yiold to no impropotj lomptation ; but looking steadily to the acts of to morrow and the da} nftor, and to the timo when they must all come before tbe elections .of tbe country. And whilst they used their utmost abilities for tbo furtherance of what they believed to be right, and cherishing, as he felt they would have a right to do, a belief that the people would be generous to tbo mere faults ofjadgment— whilst pursuing tbat eoarse, tutning neither to the right nor to the. left, and keeping before tbem as their gress object the pnblio welfare— they would be safe. Evsn if they bad not the taquiaite ability to make a successful Gofernm«nt, tbev would be safe, and when they returned, tb air trust to tbe people, the people would not refuse to give them tbeir approval if they went before them witb clean hands. Ha knew tbat, as he stood in the presence of the God who made bim, he had only one rurpom- in taking office, and if it should be hit good fortune to leave office with a higher name, and larger trust reposed in him by the unbiassed people of the oountry, be should have his full award. He only sought m\h tbe best of In ability, and witb what little experience he b«d» to work for tbe best interests of tho country, with whom he now left- tbe verdict of the dsy (Anpltuse.) ? Mr. James Jones, who was received with applause, said that be appeared before tbe electors under great disadvantages. (A voice: 'To wade up to your neck in blood.' Laughter.) Some of the electors' mignt think it temerity on bis part to appear in contest against a man of the unquestionable ability of Henry Parkes. If it were a question of abiliy, which was undoubted as fur as Mr. Parkes is concern''!, be (Mr Jones) ebonld not have appeared tbat day to contest the election. Mr. Parkea' long political experiiiico and long practice as a speaker placed that gentle man far beyond him — bear, be«r — as no doubt tbey would seo that day. (Uproar.) But it r.'au not a qaestion of tho ability of Mr. Patkes, but of his moral fitness to hold the position of tbe Premiership of this country. (Hear, bear.) That, he (.Mr. Jones) held to be the question in that election. He was confident (hat a large number of those gentlemen — nproar— who.Yrere indulging themselves ' by a littlo by play would record their votes for him (Mr. Jones.) There was a largo body of dissent in thm community touching tbo politiosl aotion of Mr, Parkes during . the last three years and sines his ekstbn at thv last general election. ('Come, wake up I') He was confident, if tbey asked the ' still smtll voice' within thera— for they would have heard of the union between Mr. Parkes and Mr, Butlar — hooting and uproar— which was anything but what it sboold be — tbey would dissent from if. (Uproar.) It was a speotacle wbioh had. been seen, he believed— (uproar)— but which nei her Protestants; nor Roman Catholics could morally believe in any mere than we ever did in . tbe celebrated Kiama ghost —(hooting) — the halluci nation of Mr Parkes's brain; (Booting.) If tbe Roman Catholic body — (hooting) — forgot when they were insulted, when they were trampled upon, be, as a liberal Protestant did not forget it, and protested against it. (Hooting. If they forgot that when he held the office of Colonial Secretary he prostituted that office and made it the instrument to torture the feelings of a large section of the community by lies and slanders, by keeping Protestanism in tbat country at an unhealthy stretch ; if ' the /tauMn Catholics forgot that, he, as a Protestant and Christian man did not. (Hooting.) Mr Parkes, for the last three years, had preyed upon the religions differences of the commanity. (Uproar.) Hu had made tbat his rule, and by tbat he should be tried: And now, forsooth, he cama with cap in band to the Roman Catholics of that community (Hooting, and uproar.) Ho (Mr Jones) knew he had their indulgence— [A voice: ' We want something original'1]- and he w.oold.bolpthemt0 consider the moral position of tbat eleotion. He asked them what oonfidence they could have in tbo sincerity of the union of Mr Parkea witb Mr Buttler. Was there ever a more grim spectacle ('You ought to be ashamed of yourself'). The man who held office should make it his duty to conserve the rights and privileges of the people at large, and should not sacrifice them. [Mr Jouea was prevented from speaking for a considerable time, 1 owing to the uproar and confaBion. Ordor having been restored he continued] He confidently trusted in the moral sense of the constituency tb give . a proper yurdict on Wednesd«y, and on that day to uphold the moral character of the commuiunity ; bur whatever ibe TeBuIt might be, he should bavetha consolation of having doii'e his duty, and of having exercised his undoubted right, aocording to, the Constitution. (Uproar.) There were two parties who bad something to say. in regard to »he arpointments. (' You are in the wrong chop') His Excellency had oalled upon Mr Park.esjto form a Ministry ; and be (Mr Jones) had nothing toiay against tbe gentlemen who were associated with him. He bad tbe highest esteem -for them perionally aod otherwise. His Excellency had one fay in the matter, and »be constituency nad another, and he trusted tbey would ponder well the question wbioh, in his case, was more important than usual, as touching tho moral fitness of Mr Packes to oooapy a high position in that oountry. In the combination wbicb had -aken place between Mr Parkes and his colleagues, he oould see an illustration of the principle of ibe couplet. ' Get wealth and plarje, if possible with graoe; if not, by any means ^et wealth and place.' . The interests of tho conntry, in the tfflWintion, btd been aobvttted to considerations of plac* and pay alone, for th^re was no. community of. sentiiwat onol no identity, .of principle in; ihe.se two gentleman. (Uj-roar.) ?The eleotors wnuld that d»y go forth animate! by tbo noblrf words of th^, immortal bard. ' Thrioa is he arcnoJ who hath hia qunrrel jint.' Tliay bad a grout opportunity of signalising their moral ennoo of what w.10 right, and inacribtng a page iu the hi»tory of the col-v y by voting against Mr Parkes. and co veying t.i him a salutary losion, aud »o all tlioaa like t't:n who traded apon tbs religious difforencas of the community (uproar), and who acted with lik' tergiversation. This was tha time to try Mr Parkeu, who should be brought to acoonut now, for when tha year passed away, it should bo forgotten. Even now it was forgotten, and tbey ; wonted to forgive tbe man whn be/1 insulted and degraded them to the last. Now, he might say, with regard to his political opinions, th»i I am generally in accord with Mr Parkes. (Lanabter,1 and ' Why do you oppose him, then T') Thn gentleman's opinions upon political questions, h. might say he was generally in acoord with. Th6- he tlooght was sufficient. He, had euter^aineil aimilar views to Mr Parkes for some years past. He thought he had done right in ooming forward upon that occasion to take the sense of thn electors, and to enable »hem to exercise a Con»ti: tutional right, which would be roucu botter if it were more frequently exercised. [CrK-a o' ' That's enonph,' and ' We aro sotijfied.'] H^ bsgped to thank them for ihoir pati«tit bearing— (Ch ! oh 1 nnd longhter) — and looked with confidence to tho result on Wednesday, »o prov: the justice and propriety of the courae ha ban taken. (Uprotr,) A nhow of bands was declared to he in favor ofMrPirriies. (Cheers) ' A poll wss demanded. 