THE PHCENTX TBI BUTE GOLD MINING COMPANY, YOUNG. fpuoh a COltREArONDKNT. Younq, Afuil 20. — Tho Phoenix Tribnta Gold Mining Company (limited) hnva nt lost success fully surmounted oil difficulties, nnd safely bottomed their shaft with very encouraging ifro- spects. Tho wall-hole is now down sufficio fitly deep in tho rock to commonco tho oponing out operations, nnd us all tho nocossary preparat ons ns to timber, out operations will bo prosucuted with nnilag ;ing enorgy during tho present weak. From tho present vary satisfactory indications, thero is no doubt but that they will bo on payable wash in the courso of throe wooks, and that tho return will moot the most sanguino wishes of tho shareholders, nnd amply ropiiy all thoso who wore fortuoato enough to risk thoir money in the udvonturo. Tho ongiiio and entiro plant uro in most satisfactory working condition, reflecting very groat credit on thoso who havo boon imme diately connected with tho working and manage ment of the mine. In consequence of the above company bottoming their shaft in ground that has hitherto baiflnd the ingenuity, nnd worn out tho patience of the miners when this gold-fiold wns in tho halo of its glory, two more oxtonsivo olaims have alroady been takon up on eithorsido, ono on Golden Point, immediately adjoining tho Phoenix claim, whoro tho run of dirt is known to bo exceedingly nuriforons, but, owing to tho diffi culties of sinking nnd the want of capital nnd proper machinery, tho ground has boon pormittod to remain undeveloped up to tho prosont. In the courso of a little Limu this hithorto abandoned gold-fiold bids fair to shino forth onco more, ivhon manual labour shall be adequately assisted by mechanical skill in developing its long-hidden treasuros. \-------------------------- Inspection of Schools. — Mr. Mncintyro, in spector of schools, for nearly a week past has boon engaged in examining the progress mndo in tho threo denominational schools in Ynss. Tho first taken in hand was St. Clement's (C.E.), Mr. Brierly, toachnr. The position takon by this school, over since the toncher's appointment, has been advancing, and we nro glad to bo nblo to state that tho progross rondo hy the scholars, oven since the previous examination, has been mnrkod andextremely satisfactory. Thodiscipline is unusually good, and tho pupils — ovoti to the youngest in attendanco — am smart, intelligent, and well grounded according to their ago. Some in the ndvanced classes — Dnrticularlv NY. 11% Colts, J. Brierly, Howard, and Martin — acquitted themselves with mnrkod distinction in written exereisos in nlgebravand mathematics. Wo hnve had the plonsuro of examining tests in algobra, &o.;, all correctly, neatly, and mcstcredit- ubly worked out by tho lads named, mid ns n sample of the test to which they wore put we may state one of tho most simple to which they were subjected, but which would- puzzle older heads. A. starts upon a walk nt the rate of four milos an hour, nnd nftor fifteen minutes B. starts from the samo place and followed him at tho rate of 4 milos por hour: When nnd where will B. overtake A.? Answer of each of tho lads named, nontly worked out in writing, without erasure or errpr, nnd in nn exceedingly brief spneo of timo : B. will overtake A. after walking fU miles or 1 hour 20 minutes from lirno of starting. At St. Clement's school thero were 55 boys nnd 44 girls on tho roll, of whom 49 hoys nnd 38 girls wero in attendanco. Fencing off of playground, sheds, and lavatories are much re quired nt St. Clement's. St. Andrew's school (Presbyterian), taught hy Mr. Crerar, who wo undo/stand has appliod for removal; was' next oxaminod. Tho nttendaneo at this school is smnll— 16 boys nnd 14 girls on tho roll, 14 hoys and 13 girls in nttendaneo on tho visit of Mr. Macintyre. Tho discipline and progress wero pretty fair, but' nearly all the scholars wero more children. Yesterday St. Augustino's (R. C.) school, Mr. Shannon, teacher, was examined, nnd ns at St. Clement's, tho teacher and school take a high nnd most satisfactory position. There are 53 boys enrolled, and 49 wore in nttendaneo. Tho nverago of answers was un usually excellent, na an instnnce : If a mile of rnitwny costs £16,000, what will bo tho cost per inch? Nine out of twelve of the little fellows answered this question correctly, and nil in very excellent timo. The srmior buys nro all well ndvanced in tho elements of ulgcbra'nnd geo metry, and young Brennan, a son of sub-inspne- tor Brennan, worked out tho 5th and 47ih problems in tho first book of Euclid smartly, corrco'ly, and rupidly. Throughout all of tho examinations, the youths showed a perfect know ledge of the subjects studied — were well grounded, nnd possossed an intelligent and thorough acquaintance with tho object desired to be achieved by the lesson lonrnt. It is vory satisfactory, indeed, to us to bo ablo to speak so highly of our various olomontnry schools. To day wo understand Mr. Maeintyre will bo engngod examining St. Augnstine's girls school (Mrs. Shannon, teacher), and before he leaves the district ho will visit the schools at Murrum- baterann and Bowning. He will also onquire into severnl applications for new schools, in cluding that for a provisional school at Good Hope, and another for a hulf-time school on Mr. Castle'R station at Cavan. Petty Thieving. — Tho cold, frosty weather that has provailod for some timo past has mado it an additional comfort to havo a good fire after sundown. This luxury, or perhaps necessary, there appears to be somo anxious to onjny at the exponso of thoir neighbours. Tho theft of fire wood has bocamo a vory prevalent offence in Yass, and a fow days ago wo heard of over a ton of billet wood having boon appropriated in one night from tho back yard of a dwelling-house in Dutton-street. Insolvent Court.— -Mr. A. F. Rommington ha3 given notioo of his intention to apply on Thurs day, the 25th instant, for the release of his ostato from sequestration. Wo understand Mr. Rem- mihgton has paid his creditors in full the entire amount owing by him at tho time the sequostra- tion took place. SUDDEN DEATH AT BURROWA. — The great need of a resident duly qualified medical practitioner at Burrowa was exemplified at a magisterial inquiry held on Wednesday last before Mr. Wotton, J. P., as to the cause of the death of a shepherd named David Powell, who was travel- ling with sheep belonging to Mr. Antill, in whose empley the deceased was. It appeared from the evidence that deceased, who was a married man, with a wife and family resident in Goulburn, left Goulburn with the sheep on the 28th ultimo, and was then in good health. About seven or eight days before death, while partaking of his supper, he went away from the camp and vomited, and on his return said he had got a bone across his throat; deceased continued subsequently to com- plain of having the bone in his throat, and was unable to eat food. As he seemed to get worse, he was taken to Burrowa for medical treatment, but no qualified person residing there, he was attended to by an individual who calls himself Dr. Clifford. The evidence of Mr. Thomas Cummins, a storekeeper at Burrowa, details what then occurred :— " Deceased put his linger to the left side of his throat, saying, 'It is here.' Dr. Clifford, in my presence, put an instrument down Powell's throat, and while withdrawing it deceased said he felt something snap, and felt better afterwards ; deceased gave me to under- stand that he had spat up a portion of the bone; Clifford desired deceased to spit on the floor, and nothing but thin phlegm came up, and thick matter at intervals ; at Clifford's request, Powell got up and walked across the room, and worked his arms backwards and forwards, but seemed afterwards exhausted ; his breathing became very heavy ; he was told by Clifford that he did not believe he would live many hours ; deceased appeared to have had some obstruction in his throat, but cannot say whether it would be pro- duced by a bone sticking therein, or from some disease ; he said his name was David Powell, that he was fifty-seven years of age, and born in South Wales, and had a wife and child in Goul- burn ; I dis not know deceased previously ; I attribute the cause of death to some affection of the throat; deceased vomited a good deal of blood ; I believe he had an abscess in the throat." Deceased was brought to Burrowa on Monday and died next evening. Mr. Wotton came to the only decision possible under the circumstances, eminently unsatisfactory though it be, namely, that death resulted through an obstruction in the throat; but there was not sufficient evidence to show the direct cause. The town of Burrowa contains a population of nearly 500 persons, and is the centre of a wealthy and populous district. It seems, therefore, to offer a good field for the services of a properly qualified medical man, and were such to take up his abode there we have no doubt he would speedily procure an extensive and lucrative practice. A Heavy Calendar. — At the Bnthnrst Circuit Court, opouod on Thursday last, nino prisoners wero arraigned on capital charges, .and pleaded not guilty. Tho calendar, otherwise, was » sufficiently heavy one. Sir William Manning is nctmg-juugo at tlio court. Mr. C. II. Walsh. — Wo understand Mr. C. H. Wnlsh, solicitor, of Goulburn, has1 opened m branch office in Sydney, whore be will person ally transact business. In Gonlburn Mr. Walsh's partner, Mr. Betts, will superintend tho busi ness. Disposed of at last. — Yesterday, a ense initiated at tho sittings of the Small Debts Conrt in Jnmiury last, was concluded boforo Mr. Williams und Mr. Yates. Wo refer to a claim for £10 modo by D. McGill against Samuel Jeffs, the latter now serving a sentonco for larceny in the Ynss gaol. Mr. Allinnn appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Wilkinson for tho dofendant. The case had been adjourned for the attendance of a person nnmod Ryan to give evidence. The bench yestorday, notwithstanding tho absence of Ryan, guvo a verdict for tho plaintiff for £4, 25s. witnesses oxpenses nnd milougo, nnd 9s. costs of court. A nonsuit was taken for £6 of tho amount claimed. Pigeon Match. — On Saturdny n pigoon mntoh is to ho shot, Mr. Renrdon backing himself to kill 30 out of 50 birds, at a riso of 25 yards, with 1 oz. shot. Tho mntoh will como off in Sampson's paddook, at nhout two p.m. Unsound Mind, — On Friday last, at the Yass Police Court, before Mr. Cottroll and 'Mr. Yates, a mini named Honry R. Myers was brought up charged on suspicion of boing of unsound mind. Suiiior-ct/iistahlo lluiigtioy deposed to the pri soner's apprehension. Edward Ordige guve evidence that Myers had been boarding with him for a considerable time, to his having been going about tho yard attached to Iuh place sing ing and crying, and that ho hud directed the nttention of the polico to his state. Dr. O'Connor nnd Dr. llluku deposed that thoy could see no indie ition of madness, tho latter stating that the prisoner was ill and required modicel treatment. The prisoner was consequently discharged. Insolvency Court. — Surrenders. — John Riclid. Sliortill, of Gundagai, lato of Tuinut. ina bilities, £124 12s. lOd. Assets, £76 8s. Mr. Mackenzie, official assignee. — Tuy Yoon, of Gun dagai, lato of Upper Adolong. Liabilities, £12 18s. 2d. Assets, 7s. Mi. Humphrey, official assignee. — Wah Cheo, of Gundagai, late of Uppor Adolong. Liabilities, £12 18s. 2d. Assets, £1 4s. Air. Huinphroy, official assignee. — Ah Wing, of Gundagai, lute of Upper Adelong. Liabilities, £16 8s. 8<1\. Assets, 10s. Mr. Afackenzie, official assiguoo. — Oh Hong, of Gun dagai, lato of Upper Adelong. Liabilities, £16 . 8s. 8jd. Assets, 6s. Mr. Mackenzie, official assignee. — Ah Tan, of Gundngiii, late of Upper Adelong. Liabilities, £12 18s. 2d. Assets, 5s. Mr. Humphrey, official assignee. — Tin Sing, of Gundagai, late of Upper Adolong. Liabilities, £16 8s. 8d. Assets, 10s. Mr. Huinphroy, - official assigneo. Burrowa. — Tho undermentioned gontlemen have boon appointed trustees of tho land at Burrowa, appropriated as the Bites for n Church of England church, school, nnd parsonage, namely: — Messrs. Win. Douglas Cumpboll, Francis Ruivdon Hnmo, Nicholas Richard Bos-, nurd, and Willium Bronghlon. Catholic Church. — Tho appointment of tho following trustees has boon approved by his Excolloney tho Administrator of the Govern ment :— Trustoos of tbo hind in section 8 in tho city of Gonlburn, appropriated ns tho sites for a Roman Cutholic church, school, and proshytory — tho Right Rev. William Lauigan, D.D. ; tho Very Rev. Michael M'Airoy; Air. Chorion Gil lespie. Trustees of the land in tho town of Wagga Wngga, appropriated as the sites for a Roman Cutholio church and proshytory — tho Right Rev. William Lanignn, D.D. ; the Vory Rev. Alichaol AI'Alroy ; and Mr. Edward O'Mcara. Trustoos of the land in the town of Yass, appro priated as tho sites for a Roman Catholic church, school, nnd presbytery — the Right Rev. Wiilium Lnnigun, D.D. ; tho Very Rov. Michael M'Airoy ; und Air. Morgan O'Connor. Trustoos of tho land in tho toiyn of Gundagai North, appropri ated ub tho sites for a Roman Cutholic church and presbytery — tho Right Rov. William Lanigan, D.D. ; tho Very Rov. Alichuel AI'Alroy ; and Air, Edward O'Meara. Trustoos of tho land at Gun ning, appropriated as the sites for a Roman Catholic church and presbytery — tho Right Rev. W. Lanigan, D.D. ; tlio Very Rov. Alichaol M'Airoy; nnd Mr. Charles Gillespie. Trustees of the land at Spring Valley, on tho Bungendore Road, appropriated as the sites for n Roman Catholic church, Bthool, and presbytery— the Right Rev. W. Lanigan, D.D. ; tho Very Rov. Michael AI'Alroy ; and Mr. Charles Gillespie. Arbitration Case at Young, — An arbitration enso was commenced on Wednesday at tho Albion Hotel. The litignnts are Alossrs. Franklaud and Phillips, on the ono part, and Air. John Allen, on tho othor part. Air. J. Broughton, of Alurengo, is arbitrator for Mossrs. Frankland and Phillips ; Mr. J. R. Edwards for Air. John Allen, nnd Mr. Futter, Crown Lands Commissioner, is nmpiro. Air. Allmun, of Yass, appeared as advocate for Franklaud nnd Phillips, und Alessrs. Freestone and Gordon for Air. Allen. Although the case is by consent of the purtioB submitted to arbitration, it is ono which would ordinarily have been tried in the Supremo Court. Air. Alimnn (of Yuss) opened tho case for Frankland and Phillips, who occupied tho position of pluintiffs, nnd explnined that in tho curly part of last year negotiations were opened, through tbo medium of Messrs. Elliott anil Allan, stock and Btntion agents, botwoen Air. John Allon nnd Air. W. D. Cumpboll, of Beverly (acting for Fmnkland and Phillips), with reference to the purchase of Wyalong run. In Alay, 1871, Mr. John Allen addressed a letter to Alessrs. Elliott nnd Allun, in which he offerod £2000 for tho station and 4000 Bound sheep, stores, plant, &c.;, to be taken at a valuation. Air. Allen also undertook to pay one-third cash npon delivery of the station, and the remainder hy promissory notes to ho socured by mortgago on tho proporty, when tho document of tnmsfey was handed to him. Defendant afterwards wonfc to Wyalong, took dolivory of the station, and the first payment was mnde,but defendant had since declined to sign tho promissory note, or to. to-; cuto tho mortgnge. Tho reasons defendant gaWj for this courso wero, that, tho character audi capabilities of the run were misrepresented by plaintiffs ; that a large proportion of it wns coverod by a malloe scrub, and that a dnm which had been represented ns boing within the boundaries of tho run, was notuallyonasolection belonging to anothor party ; also, that somo horses, implements, &c.;, wero not handed over to. defendant. Plaintiffs deny that any misrwproBont- ation was resorted to, nnd ask for dumage-i for breach of contract and unnecessary dolay. Soma two hours were oocupiod by Afr. Alimnn in yoading the oorrospotidenpo which hud pnsscd betweon the agents and solicitors of the parties, both wi'.h reference to tho sale of tho run, and also to the proceedings which hnd Buhsoquantly taken place, and My Allman said ho was prepared to show that one of bis oljents, Mr. Phillips, had missed some vory ndvnntageoqa investments, through not being ablo to obtain the promissory notes from defendant to got tbora discounted, whilo defendauthnd boon % great gainor through ; tho advon-se whreh had, token placo in the prjoe of wool since tho station and sheep had been de livered to him. Sovernl witnesses have boen ex amined. Tho case had not concluded on Friday last. — Burrangong Argus. Romantic and Remarkable Career. — A case of most romantic character tins just boen tripd in tho Rockhninptnn sittings of the Qitconslnnd Supremo Court, whieh is romnrkublo even in these days when extrnordinnry law cases are ho- eoming quite common. In this caso John Rose Brandon brought nn action of ejectment against the occupants of some land in East-street, Rock- hnmptnti, which he elnimod as the property of hia wife, being inherited by her from her fnthor, Qoorgo Qttigloy, otherwise George Harris Do Rusett. The defendants to tho action, tho occu pants of the ground, merely claimed under a possessory title, so that tho caso wholly turned on theubilitv of tho plaintiffs to muko out their claim. Their case was, thatQuigley deserted his wifo in 1828, and wont to India, where he engagod in the service of the King of Oudo, his duties being to look after the royal wardrobe, and trim the kingly beard. He assnnsed the name of De Rusett, nttd was first known by Brandon under thnt name. Brandon was aido-de-cainp to tho King, uitd besides his pay of 500 rupees a month, waa allowed 24 bearers and 5 horses ; in nddition to which he kept 15 servnnts. He, many yoars later, married a dntightor of De Rusett, and afterwards loarned from her thnt their name was really Quigley. Some tiino after, returning to England with her husband nnd futberin the suite of thoQncenDowagerof Oude, Mrs. Brandon wont to see un aunt, and was recognised by Iter in true molo-dramntic stylo by a mark on tho nock, on Boeing which the aunt oxclairaed, "yes, it is little Mary." She thon asked where hor mother wrs buried, and was surprised to lenrn that hor mother was yet alive in Northamptonshire, under the name of Jennison. About tho snmo time her futhor married again, and bis now wife taunted Mrs. Brandon with boiug illegitimate. This nnnoyed her futhor and her husbnnd, nttd to put tho matter boyottd doubt, the question was ; investigated and statutory declarations were ob tained, which thoroughly established her legiti macy. On this, tho rolativos of-Do Rusott's wife threatened to prosocuto him for bigamy, and to avoid this he came out to Now Zeninnd, subse quently going to Queensland, nnd purchasing tho proporty forming the mnttor of tho action, lie also went to India with Brandon to prefer a claim for compensation against tho Indian Go vernment, which was granted. De Rnsotb and his first wifo had since diod, and Brandon now sought to rocovor tho property ns having fallen to his wife as the sole heir of Do Rusett. There vrns, indeed, a Bonleft in India, but bo had dis-' uppearcd for years, 'and tboro seemed no doubt that he had been killed in the Cawnporo massacre. The enso was most intricate nnd complicated, and involved matters of a very curious nnturo, but after three days' hearing tho jury considered that tho claim was substantiated, and gave a vordi.-t to the plaintiff. Proposed Railway prom Port Alodsta to Port Dakwin, — Tho Australasian rotuurks — The Adolaide project for the construction of a transcontinental lino of railway from Port Augusta to Port Darwin is assuming n more and more definite form, and vthon wo consider the unexpected enterprise with which tho colony undertook the making of tho ovorland telegraph, we cannot say that this much vaster scheme is entirely beyond the limits of possibility. The proposals which tho promoters wish to lay before the South Australian Legislature uro shortly as follow : — The first question they had to considor, an they could not expect tho 'traffic for a long time to bo a remunerative ono, was to determine in what form they should npply for the assistance of tho State. Rojccting the idea of seeking a a guaranteed intorest for a terra of years, they adopted the American system of basing their undertaking on a grant of land along tho line of railway, the increased valuo of which, due to the railway, will, as thoy proceed, enablo Ithom to raise capital for tho extension of tho line. Their dotnand covers 200,000,000 acros, to bo com prised in 35 blocks luid out alternately east nnd west of tho railway. Tho avornge sizo of these blocks will bo about 10, '000 square miles, or 6,400,000 acro3 each. Tho enormous oxtont involved in this demand is to bo inferred from the fact that it will compose nn area nenrlv three times as large ns that of tho wbolo of lite "British islands. Tho estimated cost of tho ruilway is £10,000,090, and tho promoters ask five years to pluce the scheme on the London market, and fourteen years afterwards for tho construction of. the line. The blocks of land are to be handed ovor to them as tho railway progresses, and they' offer to eutor into engagements for tho construc tion of a t olograph line, to koep the railway in repair, and to forfeit ult rights under the agroe- rnont with the Government upon their beine pronounced in default by a voto of tho two branches of the Legislature: The interest of the other colonies in the work is to be secured by .provisions permitting the construction of branch lines towards New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland. The scheme, as thus briefly stated, iB seen to bo one that has boen thought out in a business like manner, and that at any rate is not the wild, buseless speculation it was at first con sidered. Tub Treasury Gardens Tragedy.— At the Mel bourne Crirainnl Sessions, on Wednesday last, EdwardFoenoy wasfoundguiltyoftho wilful mur der of his friend Churlos Marks, and sentenced to death. Tho prisoner throughout the trial did not evince theslightest emotion, and he hoard both the verdict nnd tho sentence perfectly unmoved. His Honor Judge Williams, previous to passing the awful sentence, uddrossing tho prisoner, said — ' Well, Feeney, I huvo not much to say to you. My observations shall bo very few. If, as you have said, you went out with the deceased determined to die together, it was a cowardly act on your part, when you found that your shot had tuken effect, that your friend had forfeited his life, and that you wore loft untouched, that you did not pick up the undischarged pistol nnd blow your own brains out. You did not perform your part of tho contract, and, 09 1 said before, it was cowardly of you. However, whatever was the motive which actuated you both is inscrutable to this world, and I will make no surmises upon it. It remains for mo now only to pass upon you that sentence which the law demands," Sentenco of death was then passed in the usual form, and the prisoner was roraoved.— -rVeh>nrar\h . Mr Dufpy on tub Border Duties.— At the Maryborough banquet, given to the Victorian Ministers on Thursday last, Mr. Duffy thus referred to the Border duties: — "As respects the relations with a neighbouring colony, I, of course, refer to the controversy on the Border duties. This question, which was exciting greut intorest a few mouths ago, has latterly fallen somewhat into tho shade. Wliilo the general election in Now South Wales was pending, I maintained silenco, though I wns soroty tempted (o speuk by fl'igrantmisrepresontutionsot the con duct of this colony in certain Ministerial speeches. The people of New South Wales, howovor, have jvindicntcd us in so effectual n manner thut it .would be waste of time to add words to their trenchant action. We desire to muiutain friendly gelations, and to establish the froo interchange of commodities with the neighbouring colonics, and whoever is in power in Sydney, we will be roudy to renew the negotiations broken off with Sir James Murtiu; for national honour must be preserved at ail sacrifices. But I learn from a Ministerial manifosto that tho policy of tho Martin Government is to tux tlx> furmors and fiho vigtiorons of Riverinu, und by that moans .compel them to trade with Sydney iiiBteud of Melbourne. It is a significant fact thut some of tho most conspicuous squatters in Riverinn, who pppesr to expect thnt Sir James Martin will enablo them to purcliaso their stations at a few shillings an sore, are devoted adherents of Sydney rule, and apparently quite indifferent to tho futo pf tho farmers aud vigtiorons. I will content; pay self at present liy saying that a domineering and aggressive attitudo towards this oniony has pot answered very well bithorto, and it will. not (uuwor now, Biverina sends for sale to our markets commodities of more valuo thon tho commodities wo send dci-osb the Murray; and if wn are placed on tho defensive wo can relieve ourselves of evory penny of payment on tho Murray trado by imposing nn 'assessment on stock ut any moment Parliament thinks fit to do so." A Haunted IIousr.— In the Metropolitan District Court, on Thursday, a case, Cornelius Kiordnn u. Matthew Sullivan nnd wife, for £10, for slnnder, was heard. In this curious caso, tho " slandor " alleged 011 the plaint was thut tho wife of Sullivan had told some woman named Levy thnt a house belonging to Riordnn (which liior- dun wns about to lot to Mrs. Levy) was " haunt ed for that vrithiu a spaco of three years two persons bud died in that liouso suddenly, and one . other tonnnt hud hung himself. Being " nervous," nnd "believing in ghosts sometimes," Mrs. Levy declined to becomo a tenant of tho house, though she was at first well pleased with it. The uu- fortunato history of the house thus imputed to it wus by Mr. Riordan indignantly denied. The action was consequently brought for the loss of a tenant to tho house, which stood vncant for some woekB. Tho court held that there was no ground of action, and nonsuited the pluintiff. — S. M. Herald. Prize Medals. — Wo have had the plensuro of oxnmining a number of modals, procured by Mr. Hunter, of Fitzmuurice-stroet, to the order of the Burrangong Pastoral and Agricultural Asso ciation for presentation to tho prize-takers at the annual show of tho association hold in Young last your. Mr. Hunter successfully compotod with thirty-two other pot-sons for the order of tho above medals, nnd certainly buoius to have executed the task entrusted to him with extra ordinary tusto and ability. Unliko the inartistic monstrosities presented by our society to thoir prize-takers, the mednls nro really vory. beauti fully designod. Seven nro of gold, twenty-three of silvor, and thirty of bronze, but thoy are all struck from the same die, and are of course, oxcepting in material, exactly alike. On une stdo, tho figure of two cows, a horso, and a sheep, are, with greut truthfulness to nnturo, introduced in bold rolief, together with a plough and a cottage in the background, the' whole being oncirclod in bold lottors with the inscrip tion, "Bitrrungong Pastoral and Agricultural Association." On the roverso a scroll or wreath of fruit, foliage, and flowers runs round ati open spneo left for tho name of tho recipient nnd tho particulars of the prize. — Wagga. Wagga, Express. Municipal Works in Goulhuun. — The report of tho improvement committee of tho Municipal Council was brought up at an adjourned mooting on Thursday evening, whon certain portions were adopted and others rejectod. The principal works nro the erection of central cattle sale yards, for which £400 is recommonded; nnd the orec-. tion of a woigh-bridge und market-sheds in Belmoro-squnro, for which £300 is recommonded. The most important of nil the rocommondutions of tbo improvement committeo, nanioly that tolls should bo established at various points within tho municipality, wns negatived by a majority of 5 to 3. These recommendations havo to be embodied in nn ostiraato for tho yenr, whieh has to bo brought bofore tho Council and formally adopt: d, modified, or rejectod boforo tho annual j rate is fixed. — GouUnirn Herald. ' Fire at Albury. — On Thursday morning, a little before six o'clock, a tiro broice out in tho barn of the widow of tho lute Mr. Schubach, one of tho pionoors in this district for tho cultivation of tho vino. Mr. S. Schubach got up about fivo o'clock, nnd went to bed again. At this time there was no sign of firo. In about throe- quarters of an hour's timo he wns nroused und found tho barn in flames. Tho Are cannot be acecounte'd for in any way. Tho loss is con siderable, and may be estimated at about £200. Tbo shed whore tho fire broke out was well filled with buy, chaff, and straw. Thoro were also fnrm implements, a chaff-cutter, wino-pross, &c.; Tho wholo was completely burnod to ashes. A doc which wtis chained up close to the shed was literally rousted alive. — Albury Banner. Hot, tx) way's Ointment and Pills. — Much wntchfulnoss roust bo exercised at tho present timo, nnd tho curliest evidences of ill-hoalth must be immediately checkod, or a slight illness muy I result iu a serious malady. Rolnxed and soro I thront, diphthoria, quinsoy, coughs, chronic cough, bronchitis, and most othor pulmonary nfl'ectionB will bo relieved by rubbing this cool ing ointmeut into tho skin as near ns practicable to the seut of mischief. This troutmont, so simple and effectivo, is admirably adapted for the removal of these disoasos during infancy and youth. Old nsthinatio invalids will derive marvellous, relief from tho uso of Hollowny's remedios, which have brought round many such sufforors, and re-ostablished hoalth after every othor moans had signnlly failed. 