*__T_ MAGAZINES FOR MARCH. . No. n. iLord Edmond Fitzmaurice discourses at some length in the Contemporary Review on the English land question. He considera it a more important subject for discussion than the ballot, Irish education, licensing reform, and many other topics demand- ing the immediate attention of the public Lord Edmond considers that all landowners should have a complote power of alienation, and that it would be far better that this principle should be carried out, even to the dismemberment of family estatos, than that large tracts of country should re- main in the hands of bankrupt and improvident owners. There la much to be approved in that " free- trade policy of land- owning" which Mr. Bright has already venti- lated in England, but it is a matter for serious consideration whethor the advan- tages arising from such a system* will balance those at present conferred by the fact, that thero is in England a class whoso connexion with the soil upon a sure foundation rendors it independent of private influence, and unshaken by the fitful breezes of commercial tempes ti vi ty. An essay on the life of John Hookham Frere has been called forth by tho edition of the collected works of that acute and multifarious writer which has been recently published. The diplomatist and the litterateur; the intime of Canning, the friend of Pitt, the ambassador to Spain, the genial host and classic scholar, claims the attention of the "skimmer" of the present age. Frero graced his lack of origin- ality with an exquisite taste. Refined to the finger-nails, ho delighted in elegant satire, and was a master of imitative burlesque. " No one will deny to him," sayB his critic, f the gifts of a bright fancy, a correct ear, and an abundant flow of lyric power." The best article in the number is a review of Henry Ward Beecher's sermons. As a rule, we do not admire Mr. Beecher's productions ; he is too acrobatic in his religious exercises to please us. Bat some of the sermons which are quoted by Mr. Haweis are really oxcellent. Mr. Beecher does not twaddle, whatever ho does. He hits out at the vices he sees, sharply and boldly, perhaps even earnestly. An ob- servation upon that dotestablo greed for the making of money, which is as much a feature of Australian as it is of American life, is admirable. "Money warpa the conscience. Money kills tho sense of truth. The moneyed mau may lio and cheat, and society will applaud. Only the poor need be vir- tuous." There is indeed something very melan- choly in the reflection that hundreds of men about us are influential and respectable solely because they have money, and that if by any turn of fortune they grew poor to- morrow, all their self-sufficiency and artificial consequence-having no sustainment in per- sonal worth-would become instantly like the withered leaves of the Calendar's story. Blackwood bos a timid article on Mr. Mor ley's Life of Voltaire, in which the writer attempts the difficult task of hunting with tho hounds and running with the hare. Thorough justice for tho marvellous author of Le Dictionnaire Philosophique is scarcely to bo looked for in a periodical of Black wood's proclivities, and unfortunately the vanities of the gossip of Frederick the Great and the lovor of that shrewish blue- stocking Madame du Cbâtelet are sufficiently tempting and numerous to induce a waverer between admiration and ridicule to chooso the latter. Voltairo is a name of terror in England-his exquisite drolleries, his bitter wit, his composed disdain of superstitions are all of that foreign taste which is so ill ilavoured in the mouth of an ordinary Englishman. When we repeat that Black- wood laments Voltaire's "incapacity to un- derstand what is meant by religion," we sec a shining example of an Englishman's incapacity to understand Voltaire. A " True Reformer" is tho title of a novel, which gives some amusing and satirical sketches of soldier life in India, It seems probable that the hero intends to reform his wife-an undertaking of a stupendous nature. Mr. Gladstone is again savagely attacked, chiefly because he "regarded the House of Lords as a body to be coerced and bullied rather than to bo propitiated." The alliance with the Peace party is also a thorn in the side of the re- viewer, who sums up his denunciation of the Premier by the general observation that he " has sacrificed consistency, led the attack on ali ho formerly revered and upheld, mismanaged every department of state, and brought the country in to confusion." "Cornelius O'Dowd'' has a lively paper on what ho is pleased to call the " American revoke." Speaking of tho Alabama question, and the method in which the Amoricans endeavour to enforce their claims, he relates how, playing whist with a distinguished American, and the latter winning, a thought occurred to him that his opponent had revoked. He asked. " Yes, sir," was the prompt roply, " I did revoke ; it was the only way to win the game." That is the American maxim- win the game. Fi azer keeps its reputation for solidity and thoughtfulness. The paper on Proudhon, the self styled anarchist, is just and tender. Wo havo often wondered why the life of this remarkable man of the people has not boon fully written. A peasant, a self-taught student, and a large-hearted, considerate thinker, he was a worthy contemporary of the giants of that age of giants in which ho lived. Begin- ning life as a compositor, being without social influonce or interest, he set himself the Titanic task of reforming society. He failed, of course, and, persecuted and libelled, died in poverty and neglect. Though a member of the Academy, his democratic utterances and scornful ignoring of that mutual praise which tends largely to success in literature caused bim to be contemned and attacked. «Upon his "Literary Property" the Parisian journalists wreaked the vengeance of a " con- spiration du silence," and he was suffered to li\o a solitary thinker in a quiet suburb of Paris, writing pago after page for very scanty pay, dishonoured by some, abjured by otherp, aimed at without ceasing by the sentinels of the reigning law. Had it not been for his preservation of the peasant-life of sobriety and activity, he would have suc- cumbed earlier to his fate. Simplicity of living, and that superabundance of energy which at once urged and sustained him in his labours, alone saved bim from the despair which might be expected to soize upon a man who saw the rightful ambition of a pure literary life baulked by sordid surroundings, and the exercise of perpetual malice. That his ideas were Utopian is possible ; but no one will deny him the possession of rare unselfishness, a devotion to humanity, and a strong desire to benefit that oppressed class from which ho sprang. His melancholy fate is a terrible warning to reformers. "For nights of study, days of carr, hours of plodding labour for bread, imperviousness to scorn, charity in spite of wrongs, sympathy in spito of rebuffs, energy in spito of defeat, faith in spite of despair, Proudhon is without a peer ; and ho must be a strong man who can support himself through and in all these. Proudhon was a strong man ; he died at 56-worn out." A notice of M. Taine's book, evidently compiled from the English translation, does scant justice to the Histoire -de la Littérature Anglaise, but calls forth the statement that in social life England is rapidly approaching France. Our poets copy Hugo, De Musset, and Beaudelaire our novelists outvie in choice of subjects Balzac and Dumas fils ; we are not content with having a demi-monde, but we must talk and write of it. "Communism", and ''Internationalism" have been as surely imported as French wines and French pictures. Another Taine may in a few years find but little to startle him in his comparison of the literature of tho two nations. The " City of the Monk " is a plea sant handbook to the superstition-fraught topography of Munich. Dark Blue bids fair to rival some of its oidor contemporaries. "Jew, Gentile, and Chris- tian " is a very striking story, told in a very striking woy. The first portion of it relates how a young Hebrew, one Israel Torriano, tho son of a fabulously wealthy banker, became a Nazarene, and wandered through the world seeking to understand the practice of the sub- lime teachings of Jesus. As far as the story at presont leads us, he has but reached Naples ; and strolling along the Strada Chiaja, or crossing the Largo di Morcato, finds that the Christi- anity he has learned to admire is conspicuous by its absence. What the poor young gentle- man will experience when ho comes to Lon- don we aro left to imagine. " Da Monstris " is the title of an amusing paper by the Rev. J. G. Wood upon the parallels which exist botweon tho wonderful beings imagined by our forefathers-the Unipeds, for instance, or men with but ono foot-and certain insects. Mr. Wood takes occasion to be particularly severe upon "mermaids," and backs his own opinion by that of the late Mr. Waterton, the naturalist and taxidermist, who had the most supremo contempt for the "Japanese mer- maids," whom he stigmatised as clumsy fabri- cations, saying that " he could make better work with his left hand." The belief in mer- maids is expiring. Major Whyte Melville's story in the Gentle- man's Mazag'me is rather feebler than the majority of that gentleman's recent produc- tions. It would appear that tho talent which gave us Digby Grand is either dead or sleep- ing. The modern novel, which begins with a gambling-party and ends with a borse-race, is becoming wearisome, and even Major Melville's knowlodge of horsefiosh cannot prevent us yawning over the adventures of Satanella. An interesting paper on the obser- vance of Good Friday by the modern Greeks contains some picturesque particulars of the ritual of the Groek Church. Mr. Cowden Clarke continues his series of articles on the comic writers of England, and discourses on Foote, Murphy, and O'Keefe. He attempts to show that Sheridan plagiarised his Charles Surface and Little Premium from Foote's George Wealthy and Littlo Trans- fer, and to our thinking advances strong reasons for bringing in a verdict of guilty against the author of " Tho School for Scandal.'' The issue of the Tichborne case has, of course, caused the resuscitated ghosts of all the ' ' re- markable impersonations" on record to stalk through the magazines, and Sylvanus Urban has raised the shado of " Tom Provis." Tom was an impostor who declared himself to be Sir Richard Smythe, heir to Ashton Court and £30,000 a year. Provis prosecuted his claim at the Gloucester Assizes ia 1853, Mr. Justice Coleridge presiding as judge. The imposture was discovered by a most dramatic incident. Sir Frederick Thesigor, who was for the defence, received-lato in the after- noon of tho third day of the trial-a telegram from a jeweller asking him to de- mand from the claimant "if ho had not gone to a jeweller in Oxford-street and got him to engrave the Bandon arms upon a ring?" The claimant, astounded, said "I did.' Upon which his solicitors throw up tho case, and Tom "being tried for perjury receivod a sentence of 20 years' transportation." Unless, therefore, ho has received a remission of sen- tence, he should be found in Port Arthur or in New South Wales at tho present moment. Temple Bar has a good paper on "Modern Manners," in which the unlovely habits of the "fast" young woman are deservedly re buked. The writer seems to incline to the opinion that the old-fashioned virtue of polite- ness is becoming an art as forgotten as that of china-baking a la mode Rouge Dragon. Tho article is remarkable, moreover, on account of the strong contrast it presents to the moral drawn by "Goodbye Sweetheart," which is one of those erotic and unhealthy fictions sup- plied to boarding schools by the young lady who made herself famous by "coming up as a flower." The story is full of streaming hair, passionate kisses, muscular men, and im- modest women. It is to be regretted that some " still strong man" does not marry off this authoress into obscurity. 