MORE GHOST ! TO TnE EDITOR OF TE, OIPPILAND TIMRS. San,-I am not so utterly devoid of feeling as not to regard the plea put in so earnestly for West; at thie same time he need not doubt my veracity when I assure him that it has not been owilg to any particular regard for lis person that I have so long refrained from noticing him. lied I been his personal enemy, I should probably bave gone on produc ing fact after fact, until he would have been overwhelmed. To attempt the ruin of a man's character, we now learn lie considered "if not an innocent, at least a merry game I" Yet because lie goes about " drooping, woeful wan like one forlorn, or erczed with crare, or crossed in hopeless lore," he is to bo compas. eionated. Well, as ample justice lian, in the meantime, been done to the sepa rate merits of hi character, and as, in regard to the particular cane of Mcr Wil. liama, he is in " Le's" handa (whose tender mercies give promise of being crueli, I hlall, as I already intended doing, leave hil "to his relieve," unilesa in imiiitotion of another worthy lie sets about preneuring a " chlirai'ter" or " leI timonijl," ao I have brhn iifoirmil Ihe tnilk of doing. (iTheni e etiminiii l, sir. are a great "institution"-lby means ol thom, auy rascal-a sanctimonioua oun more esgecially-may lay in a stock of reputation, and so provide for tie future necessities of his character, that he may indulge his favourite inclinations with better security.) When West first insinuated that my statements were slnnlders, and defied me to make a definite charge, I at once accepted his chlallenge. I did sot at tempt toiinjure his clharacter by any am higuous assertions; lsut' I candidly stated plain facts, sand how did lie meet them? P Ie did not venture puhliely to deny them. IHow, then, was this pro fbund subnmisive silence, on charges which called for the clearest refutation, to bie accounted forP It is something to be thankful for, that there is not in human nature a degree of impudence daring enough to deny the charges I fixed upon him, based, as they were, on sworn evidence. I had long listened to West's false hoods and boastincs, and. as far as I asm concerned. he might still have gone on prating of hirs factory experience, had he " Iept the noiseless tenor of his way." Hie had not, however, been long in this district before he repeated what is popu. larly known as the "double shuffle" he tween the MafFra and Stratford com. panics. In this case, lie, poor simpleton, socuht to make friends on one side, by vilifying the others, and did not spare even lis "own familiar friend." Yet whilst playing this, as ho thought, "deep" and safe "game," he was well.under stood; and, I am told, the 'Stratford people having been forewarned and fore 'armed, looked on complacently the while, cave him plenty of rope; and, of course, lie metaphorically hanged himself. Next came the Williams iimbroglio, which is better understood by the public. Then, when I saw he had taken to this "if not innocent, at least merry game," of blast ing the reputation of a person who, as far as evidence to the contrary goes, is innocent of the contemptible fraud he was charged with, I tonught it high time to unmask him and put the publio on their guard. And now when he has been checkmated, and dreads exposure, the synophant sues for merry. His con. science tells him lihe is undone, and he feels that he is degraded below the position of a man, when lie has had sub missively to hear these revelations; aye, and to thank ma for my moderation. But is he going to allow these "craftier and superior intelligences " to go scot freeP" By his action herein, and the reparation lie may make, we may judge. of the depth and sincerity of lis repent. anre. As his well-meaning (I cannot say jindicious) advocate requests, l lleavo Jonhn "Lactometer" West "alone with his miseries." . .r r BUI~RlKE'S GHOST. Tinamba, Feb. 6, 1872.' " 