LETTER TO THE EDITOR. :: To the Editor of lhe Ncmcusth Chronicle. y1I{ — An excursion to the neighbourhood of Kedhead, having a day upon hand and scarcely knowing how best to employ it, I determined upon nil excursion, whichl hud nottaken for some years ? and. which, as abovu stated, led mo to the vici nity of Redhead. The road leads us off across the meadow, past the new Smelting Works. But can it be that IJ am upon the neighboui hood? Yes, I suppose lam, though tho large '/iii.-inl.iH' of water Wins: in holes upon tho road did tempt mo to believe that I was passing through, a swamp. Would you believe it, Sir, I have iatoly passed over road3 in a district which docs not contain one-tenth of the population that yours does, and their roads are ton times as good as yours? But, passing on near Hamilton, the road bends suddenly to fho right, arid we at last enter on a hilly country and a better road. Thus far thei'o has not boon much that is enticing to the view. But now the scenery becomes far more pleasing. The road here winds along tho top of tho ridge, 'while, on either hand, is a narrow valley, somewhat gloomy in appearance, yet still pleasing. Hure tho gay birds enliven you with their pleasant twitter, while uow and anon The mat white-butterfly In the air goes flitting by tho flowers to engage the attentiou. Hero the blue sarsa'parilla, and tlw many coloured tomata vie with each other in their beauty. But while wo have been musing, we have passed over, tho Waratah Company's mineral lands ; and now, instead of going straight ahead, as a volunteer would say, Ve must 'loft half turn,' and, in a fow minutes more, wo hnvo reached our journey's end, which is Mr. B.'s selection. This con sists of a sixty-aero block, taken up some years ago by our old friend who is well known, and equally well liked by all who. have had the pleasure of knowing him. -Very little can bo seen of the improvemetiis until /ou ai'o right upon it, but I knew the. way, ami hero is my friend at dinner. I received a cheerful invita tion to join him, which, by the way, I as cheerfully accepted, and dinner having been despatched, wo proceeded to view the place. You must try and conceive a narrow gorge, about 150 foot deep, enclosed on three sides by tho hill. From hero.tlio forest has been re- ? moved — I say removed, because- the system of clearing has .been so thorough. that not even a root has been left behind. Ro'und the sides of tho gorge are walls of stono supporting a great many terraces. Standing upon one side and looking at tho other, one has a good view ; or you might do as 1 did, look up and down tho rows. ?JS'quatsV'lTieu'ono'oTfigs.and lastly come several rows of bananas, o ranges, citrons, and pom gi'anatc'.s ; on this side, too, is a nursery of many young troos; One thing that struck me while herewasi the speed with which everything grows on this spot. Upon enquiry as to the cause of this, I was informed that that side of the hill was of a very ancient forma tion, which was evidenced by the fact of no fossil remains whatever having been found in the rocks, or, as Mr. B. expressed it, 'not a ghost of a. fossil.' The earth, too, contains a great quantity of lime, and, when once broken up, is of a very light nature, which seems re markably suited for tho growth of all sorts of fruit trees. Under the benignant shade of the bananas wo found largo quantities of straw berries, but owing to the depredations of the domestic fowl little or no fruit was to be found. Crossing over to the other side we found a won derful amount of difference in the temperature, amounting, perhaps; to thirty degrees. Here again the samo form of terraces was preserved, but tho nature of tho ground is quite different, being of much niore recent formation than tho other — fossil remains of plants and animals hav ing been, found in the rocks.. The difference in the temperature will probably make fruits ripen a month later upon the one side than upon tho other. Here we were shown an orange tree which had been nourished by mineral waters, and which, strange to say, was ono of tho most flourishing trees xipon thu place. Here, too, tho friendly shade of .the rocks had been called into use, and we found English gooseberries, and red, white and black currants just bursting into leaf. Here, too, we saw- camciias, and never before have I beheld better. . . But here my memory plays me false, and I have an indistinct recol lection of something in which such names as Dapline, Fusehia, Cyprussia, and a host of others are mixed, in . the most inextricablo confusion. A few.niiiiutes later found us wending our way to a' clearing lower down the creek, where wo saw guavas and bananas and a great mauy other trees awaiting the time when they shall bo trans planted. I must not omit to mention that both here and above, pineapples flourish thoroughly ; some'as large as four pounds have been grown here, while I saw a number which I thought truly magnificent. , The opossums, however, are very destructive to them, and thev ' have to be destroyed by gins and shooting, to preserve tha crop. A small quantity of land, perhaps tho tenth of an acre, was cropped: with arrowroot, and after retaining sufficient to . plant for seed next season, enough was left to produce over a hundred weight, of the pure powder. On the land is some very line timber, which will yet doubtless, prove of considerable value. Having examined all this, we next turned our attention to the poultry yard, which we found to contain a large number of very fine fowls. I must not forget, that from the summit of the hill on the western side, a view may bo had of Bird Island, and also of the steamers passing to tho northward andsouthward. Another fine advantage is the largo amount of good water, whioh abounds on every part of the estate, at every season of tho year. A creek runs through the whole, and when I was thoro, it trickled down over the rocks in a tiny, gentle stream. Having enjoyed myself thoroughly, I arrived in Waratah again about suven o'clock, well pleased with my day's pleasure. Waratah, 17th August, 1872. .?.'?'.,'.',? * Commissioner of Affidavits.— We have to announce that Mr. George' F. Scott, Registrar of the District Court, has received the appointment of Commissioner of Affidavits. ?? ? ? ?? The Weather ift the Intebiob. — TheCoolah correspondent of the i/Afwmirundi Times says : — ' Fine weather has been the rule of 'the past week, and sharp frosts'; its invariable attendant. On Tuesday .afternoon' we had a /slight tail shower', which' lasted for a few minutes. .Feed continues to grow promisingly;' 'and all ''i&'tufo wears, a' pleasait'ap^a^iice.y-: Travelling rstock .?huqA ?t\yuA t'. '^mid.-ih n't Ji/i'l . Jcixt 