THE NAKED TRUTH. — » — Home Rule, as interpreted by certain of its self-appointed exponents, is not calcu lated to awaken much enthusiasm, or ex cite very fervent hopes, among Irishmen at home or abroad. Assuming its ultimate aim could be accomplished by the highly moral and loyal means these gentlemen suggest, the result would hardly rescue Ireland from the rank ,of a Province. Such a finale to the struggle of cen turies would simply form an historical' "paradox. But we need not apprehend any such issue. No man, who is capable of logically examing political phenomena, can for a moment imagine — unless preju dice bars his judgment, or , an old tradi tional hate blinds his intellectual vision — that Ireland will — or can — fail in achieving her freedom — in regaining an autonomy asv definite and distinct as that of any nation in the world. The very in tensity of her children's hatred of the foreign yoke — or rather its perennial growth in intensity — is a strong argu ment in favor of the conclusion, that the yoke will be thrust aside — the hatred it- t " self being one of the levers. There was a time — perhaps, there were times — in the Past, when generous concession might \- have superinduced national submission, and a union of interests and affections might have sprung up between England _ and Ireland. That opportunity was lost when the wicked old heart of the British Oligarchy prompted the cruel old hand of British Despotism to throw Daniel 0 Connell into a prison, instead of placing him in the Chief Secretary's seat ; in an Irish Parliament as Queen Vic toria's Premier of Ireland. English _ statesmanship, was, however, either too sluggish in brain, or too besotted with prejudice, to meet the " uncrowned king of the Irish people" in a manner which might have enabled him to lay the ghost of Irish agitation. What was possible in '48 will be impossible in '73; and we may, therefore, ,turn our thoughts away from retrospections of the Past to the exigen- cies of the Future. Now, although there is not much in the letter of the Home-Rule movement, there is a great deal in the spirit of tfie thing. It is a protest against a wrong — a feeble protest it may be — but loud enough to give . anxiety to the constitutional guardians of the wrong done. The " Union" between England and Ireland was a fraud and a folly a naked truth of which neither Gladstone nor his Royal Mistress can be ignorant. Bribery — perjury — misre presentation ofjiaw and fact — utter disre gard for the people, except to butcher them when they growled, were amonfr the means by which our country was robbed of her inalienable rights, and linked to England, in 1800. In effecting that " union of the shark with its prey" as Byron put it even the constitutional law of Englandwas broken or basely dis regarded. England had no constitutional right to force Ireland to sacrifice her Legislative Independence ; nor had the Irish Parliament the power to alienate the i'nheiitance of the nation. A plebiscite , or its equivalent, as occurred in Scotland, freely made and unequivocally ratify ing the action of the Legisla ture, could alone have given moral and legal sanction to a change so momentous and extreme. The practical effect of this conviction on the minds of nine-tenths of the Irish Race is, that all allegiance as a conscientious matter — ceased when the Sovereign or his servants became the despoilers of the country's liberties — of hei indefeasible and distinctive claims to national existence. The simple story that makes Alexander the Great con fess himself a robber closes with this apposite remark — put into the Con queror's mouth—" Take off his chains- use him well ! Am I then a robber ? Let me reflect ! Why does not some Alex ander of English statecraft go and do likewise ? While admitting there is not much in the Home-Rule movement, in itself, to soothe hearts that feel a morbid gnawing at the core, there are surroundings, as well as occasional irradiations from within, of a cheering and suggestive character. Some of the accompaniments of the great meeting in Limerick, on the I Oth of January last, will explain what we mean. As the main body of the procession ad vanced towards the city, a vast concourse of people massed themselvep round the Treaty Stone, which was garlanded with evergreens. Beside it was erected a pole with the red cap of liberty on the top ! When Mr. Butt had reached this classic spot, he called for " Three cheers for Garry Owen." They were given heartily, but not with a tithe of the vehement ecstacy which greeted Father Quaid's "Three groans for English treachery." Groans rent the air till the procession reached the O'Connell Monument in the city. There was another telling " in cident" during the day : when Mr. Butt asked the meeting what had brought them together on that occasion, he was answered in an impassioned voice — " Liberty !" and, as if inspired by the earnestness of that utterance from the heart of the crowd, he spoke the truth, and nothing but the truth, in what fol lows : " What is liberty in Ireland ?" lie asked. And he answered his own ques tion by saying, " We have none." He never said a truer thing in his life ; and he could have given force to the assertion by alluding to the five counties that are, in a special manner, under Imperial care, and to the several gaols that contain Irish political offenders against the political rubrics of Mr. Gladstone, or his pre decessors in office. Mr. Butt made other ; excellent remarks — their excellence being enhanced by the spirit in which his hearers interpreted them. "I tell you," he cried out, " that there is a vast amount of opinion growing up in Eng land that Ireland ought to be free. I believe we have the democracy of Eng land as our friends, and that the aristo cracy of England and Ireland are seeing the last of the days when they can trample on the rights of the people." No doubt they do ; and it is equally un doubted, they will see it a little more clearly before time grows much older. The simple inference — which may be frankly called " the naked truth''— from these and similar recent proceedings in Ireland is : the people listen to » their agitators and highly approve of the senti ments they utter, because they interpret them in a much higher sense than their public teachers wish or intend. The movement, therefore, commends itself to all loyal Irishmen — whether they are loyal to Ireland or to rational Union with Great Britain — not for what its leaders are doing, or will do, but on account of the spirit it is keeping awake. 