TOPICS OF THE DAY. Mr. H. H. Hoskins's Nimblefoot is scratched for the Adelaide Cup. We observe that Mr. S. J. Cooke (long and favorably known in connection with the Government of 'Victoria and iU railways) in vitei the attention of colonists to his firm as an eligible medium of conducting railway, mer cantile, ?"^ financial business in London. As an indication of the manner in which the precious metal crops out around Mount Pleasant, a correspondent informs us that a goose killed in that neighborhood last month for a Christmas dinner was found to have in its crop five pieces of quartz, of which four had sticking in and about them very pretty specimens of gold. Letters by the Northern mail confirm reports as to the general character of the late rains. On very distant stations the downpour has come since tile mail left, bu'. from places nearer Adelaide we hear of a perfect deluge of wet. On Boobsorowie, for instance, tile floods hive been very heavy—nothing at all like them having been seen on that run before. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Thursday at which all the Ministers were present. On the Council assembling His Excellency handed to Mr. James Hacdonald the bronze medal of the Royal Humane Society, forwarded by the Secretary of State, for bis courage in saving from drowning a son of Mr. Williams, the Harbor-Master at Port Victor, on the 2nd January, 1871, by jumping from the Port Victor Jetty. We learn that the following donations have been reoeived towards the Bushmen's Club:-From Mr. T. O. Waterhouse, £21; Mr. H. Scott, £15155., and the promise of an annual subscription of £5 59.; Mr. J. H. Kiohman, of Mount Brown, £20 ; Messrs. F. J. Beck & Co., pro London, Liverpool, and Globe Insurance Company, £5; Mr. Gavin Young, £10; and also a valuable gift of books (Chambcris Journal for ten yean), from Messrs. W. & J. Sterne. A very ningnlar accident occurred near Mount Lofty on Thursday, January 18. A little toy about 10 years of age, sou of Mr. Searle, a laborer in the neighborhood of the Mount, was returning home, having supplied his father with his dinner, when he fell, breaking a bottle which he was carrying. It is supposed that a piece of the glass cut his throat, for he was found with a wound in the neck from which blood was flowing. The accident terminated fatally, and an inquest will be held at Cossaok'a Hotel to-day. Mr. Burton was very well patronised indeed on Thursday night, the announcement of the performance of " Dick Turpin'a ride to Tork, and the death of his horse Black Bess," drawing a large crowd, especially of juveniles. The programme was slightly different to that of the previous evening, but the various per formances were equally as successfully carried out. The feats of Mr. Bartine on the slack rope were especially admirable. The noted highwayman's ride to Tork concluded the en tertainment, causing roars of laughter and loud applause. A few days ago one of our Victorian telegrams announced the death, by falling into a vat of boiling beer, of a son of Dr. Ray, of Melbourne. We are informed, however, that the poor boy was the son of Mr. Robert Ray, well-known to many of the early settlers of this colony, and nephew to Mr. James Broad of this city. The little fellow was only nine years of age, and had previously several very dan- gerous accidents. He had distinguished him- self in the last quarter of 1871 by taking a prize at the Scotch College, and was spending a few days with one of his schoolmates, whose father is a large Melbourne brewer, when he met with the lamentable accident by which he lost his life. The report of the Directors of the Adelaide meat- Preserving Company (Limited), for the hvlf-year ended 31st December last is published: —Operations at the Works com maneed Oth July, and ceased on 16th Decem ber, during which period 43,611 sheep and 190 head of cattle were preserved. The scarcity and high prioe of stock induced the Directors to close the works for a time. The bnildings, plant, &c;, are in a thorough state of efficiency, and opera tions will be resumed &t; trie earliest oppor tunity, recent advices from England being con sidered very encouraging. Messrs. B. B. Smith, W. L. Merchant, and H. Scott offer themselves for re-election as Directors; and the retiring Auditors again offer their services. The accounts j show ? balanoe of nearly £16.000 in favor of I assets, and £1,623 81.4 d, on the right side of profit and loss. A caucus meeting of members of the Assembly was held on Thursday forenoon to consider what should be done with the Ministry upon the meeting of Parliament. Of the number of members who attended we are not aware, but we know of invitations to be present being declined, or left altogether unanswered. There were various and contradictory rumors afloat in the afternoon aa to the decision' adopted at this gathering. One report was that the Ministry are to be met with a hostile motion to-day; but, without speaking posi tively, we express our belief this will prove to be a mistake. A reprieve till Tuesday or Wed nesday is, we think, pretty certain; and, judg ing from the reticence and seriousness of the prominent members of the Opposition, we should say that they do not consider the suooess of an attack upon the Treasury Benches beyond all doubt. They are " still as tile breeze," but whether they are " awful as the storm" is perhaps questionable. The Government have received from the Northern Territory despatches which are simply an elaboration of the telegraphic message brought by last mail. The difficulties Mr. Patterson has met with in carrying ont his work are attributed entirely to the selection of Port Darwin instead of the Boper as a starting point. At the Boper the stock would have been landed in rich pasture, and would have recruited rapidly, bat at Palmerston they had to be driven seven or eight miles to feed. At the Roper the party would have been 220 miles nearer their work than they were at Port Darwin. It has been of urn suggested that the stock were injured by being too quickly put to work before they bad time to recover from the effects _of their voyage, and it is now known that this was the casu. Mr. Patterson divided tho expedition into four parties, and one division lost 28 per cent, of their bollocks, most of them dying after landing. The lout* of the hone stook amounted to about 45 per cent The wont of it is that these losses nearly all occurred before the party got to the commencement of their proper work, and while engaged in useless and unnecessary travelling, forced upon them by the Government in opposition to the recom mendations of land explorers, surveyors, and seamen, who knew the country, and had been specially employed to examine and report upon it. Oar principal seaport is still without a hospital, though almost every week we have to record some serious casualty to life or limb, with an addendum to our paragraph to the effect that the poor sufferer ha* <o endure the further torture of having to be sent to Ade laide to be treated at the Metropolitan Hospital This necessity certainly does not arise from want of medical skill at the Port, for the practitioners there possess in a high degree the confidence of the residents; end still poor ahittert d humanity cannot obtain proper relief within eight miles of the place of accident, suppo?Ug it occurs at the chwf harbor of the colony. It is tine, simple fractures of limbs are treated at the Casualty Hospital; and at the present time there is • woman lying there with a broken limb. The so called Casualty Hospital consists of a room at the Police Barracks scantily fur nished. At times we have known as many as three patients confined to their beds for weeks in this small apartment, with a tem perature of 90?, for perhaps 10 days con secutively. Then again when it occurs, and unfortunately it is not rarely, that some pour creature has had his limb or liuibs so shattered • that amputation is necessary, there is no other place to perform the operation but the one room already mentioned, and in the pre sence probably of a couple of fevered patients. We remember a recent occurrence of this sort when Dr. Gething amputated a man's arm that had been dreadfully shattered ; and we could mention numbers of similar cases. After an operation of this kind is performed no doubt the patient should not be removed ; and thit he should have to lay for weeks or months in the room already described would be mani festly cruel. Hence, when the doctor is called suddenly to attend a S'rious case he is com pelled to alleviate the sufferer only to such an extent as will prevent too much danger from the effects of his removal to the Hospital. To Dink-* matters worse, the Casualty Hos pital is without proper appliances, such aa splints, or lint, or other things that a Hospital should hare. These remarks are immediately suggested by ba' ing witnessed a spriou? mishap ttat befel a carter named John Holman, in the employ of Bradley, Tnlearai, fc Co , on Thursday afternoon. He w?s engaged stoning coils of a ire in his dray, which was planed bencithihe 'window of the upper storey at Mesarp. Harrold & Co.'a. Tbe wire was bring lowered by means of pulley, and from an accidental cause the hook hoi iuig one of the bundl. r allowed it to fall out. atid it came crusbicg on the poor fellow from a height cf about 12 fee", from where he was standing, and falling on his shoulder and left leg, fractured the latter in a terrible manter below the knee. Dr. Gething was in sttendauce a very few minutes after the accideut, and at once took necessary precautions to stop the hemorrhage. Then, well kuowing the Torso than uselessnes? of the so-called Casualty Hospital, he was, with the concurrence of Dr. Duncan, forced to advise the poor sufferer's immediate removal by train to the Adelaide Hospital, where the injured limb was amputated below the knee by Dr. Clindening, assisted by ■JTBral other medical gentlemen. Mr. M. Kingsboroogh, of Adelaide, has received a letter from the riev. Wm, Taylor, the American evang-list, who is still in India. He was at the beginning of last monthlaboring in Bombay, and the Guardian, a religious periodi cal published in Bombay, speaks in very favor able terms of the «ork being done by the rev. gentleman. From Mr. Taylor's letter we ex tract the folio'ing:—"l have been laboring here now (November 22) eight days—services at 7 a.m. and half-past C p.m. We have fiom 40 to 60 Hexrers in the morning, sad about 200 in the even ng. The preaching is translated into the Mahratta langoage. We had 13 seekers for ward la?tuight,audtbework is opening encourag ingly, CJuaMerug he nnUl number of workers, and that Xelhodist .modes are entirely new to diem. There is not a Methodist church or organisation on this side of India; the nearest would be in theMadrasPresidency, say 800 miles, and as for that it might as well be in China, as its influence is not felt here." Mr. .Taylor wishes to be letnembered to a number of friends in this colony, some of whom he mentions by name, but says—" There are others whom I love whose names don't strike me. I have got about 1.200 Hindostan words in my mind which somewhat obliterate, or rather oover over for a time, the records <rf old memories.'' The an nexed letter, signed "A Priest of the English Church" appears in the Guardian of the 25th of November:—"Ever since Key. Mr. Taylor, from A marina, began his stirring meetings in the American Minion Chapel, BhenrH Bazaar, I have attended-them, and have been personally, as well as three members of my family, bene fited not a little by his earnest, i suuple, but heart-piercing sermons on the essential truths of the Gospel. Would it not be advisable for Pastors, both European and Native, Mission aries and Chaplains of all denominations { throughout the Presidency to take advantage of Mr. Taylor's stajr amongst us, and allow the. members of their different congregations to hear the buth from bis lips? Permit me j to quote the words of the Rev. John All cook, an ordained priest of the Church of England, laboring as a Missionary at Baddegama, in Ceylon. Mr. Allcock writes —' God wonderfully blessed our work of special services held at Baddegama. Once a year all the agents and church members have been in the habit of meeting at Baddegama for prayer and edification, and expounding the Scriptures. This year they met in September, and a most remarkable revival of religion took place. By the providence of God, a good American brother, Mr. Taylor, was led to Ceylon and Baddegama, and he wrought with us most cordially and successfully. Many of our Christian people received light and comfort; and many careless, fruitless Christians and Buddhists were truly converted. I never wit nessed such a gracious work of the Holy Spirit before. A large number of children seemed to be pricked to the heart, and to embrace Christ; and some little ones have been the means of leading their aged parents to Jesus. One old man and woman, who had been resisting the truth for years, were overcome by the tears and entreaties of their little daughter, thus ful filling the ancient prophecy, "And a little child shall lead them." In some parts of Europe this year the battles and the victories have been with confused noise and garments rolled in blood; but in Baddegama district the battles of the mighty God have been with peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.'" On Thursday morning, January 18, Mr. Thos. Ward, J.P., held an inquest at the Squatters' Arms, Thebarton, as to tde cause of the death of Peter McCarthy, who died suddenly on 16tb January. A. Jury of 14 having been empannelled, and Mr. J. Heaiingway chosen Foreman, the Coroner said before commencing to take evidence he must inform the Jury that the body was in a frightful state of decomposi tion. Thh was owing to the relatives hoping to get a medical certificate as to the cause of death, and that an inquest would be un necessary. Information was not given at the Mounted Police Barracks until Wednesday afternoon. No blame could be attached to the police authorities, they having taken action immediately on receiving information. William Felix McCarthy said deceased was his father. He had been ill for a long time. His age was 78. Dr. Clindening had been attend ing him. Did not know when the doctor last saw him. Deceased was suffering from age, and was ruptured. On Tuesday morning was with deceased. On Monday night he was very restless, and asked witness to shift him from place to place. He had taken very little food lately. No medical man was sent for, to his knowledge. Dr. Clindening told his mother that deceased wasted stimulants—not medicine. Was sure his father had every attention. Dr. Clindening said that between 9 and 10 o'clock on Tuesday morning a «**" came to bis house, and asked for a certificate as to the death of Mr. McCarthy. Declined to give it, as he had not attended de ceased since September, when he was suffering from bronchitis accelerated by old age. De ceased so far recovered that he was able to ge about the house. Then ceased attending him. Never expected to cure deceased, he being so old. Ordered deceased necessary medicines and medical comforts. It was his opinion that deceased died from natural causes. By a Juror —Had never bean asked to see deceased since September. Eliza Hannah Douglas, married woman, said she had seen deceased. He had been sffing a long time. He was her grandfather, and she bad been with him a good deal lately. Saw him late on Monday night. seemed sinking. Saw i?"? again oil Tuesday morning, and on Tuesday afternoon at 1 o'clock. He had not been able to take any food during the last few days. He had lived on suction. The Coroner, in summing up, told the Jury that he was quite satisfied every at tention had been paid to deceased by the mem bsrs of his family. Taking into consideration his ate, and that ha had been suffering from bronchitis, and considering also the extrems heat of the weather, and that deceased had been living for several days upon suction, he agreed with Dr. Clindening, that death was ths result of natural causes. The Coroner referred to Dr. Olindening not giving a certificate as to the cause of death, informing the Jury that the doctor was perfectly justified in refusing such certificate, he not having seen deceased professionally since September. The Coroner then read a memorandum from Dr. Moore, which stated that he was not surprised at the death of deceased, considering his age and the hot weather. The Coroner reminded the Jury that Dr. Moore was equally cautious in not giving a certificate as to the cause of death. A verdict of death from natural causes was re turned, the Juiy expressing an opinion that the friends af the deceased had done all they could do for him. 