. THE NEW MINISTRY. The country 'would' be disgraced Avere i Mr. Parkes to be sent for." So said Mr. : Macleay, Avhen seeking election on the Mufrumbidgee. In its leader last Tuesday. the Herald said, referring, to /the well- knoAvn 'circumstance that Sir Alfred Ste phen lias had to address Mr. Parkes from ithe: judicial bench in terms; which meant; that personal character is better than office, : "Sfr Alfred Stephen- may regret : . . the exigencies ol his othce. le may wosli that the personal fitness of his advisers was more clear to his apprehension." Then,, going on to give, its OAvn view -of the mat ter, the Herald added, "The Ministry are not Avhat Ave should be glad to support.' We certainly should not have promoted the. expulsion from office of the late Mnfis- tryrto make Avay , for any rivals who seemed; ; to aspire to it" And then, resigning: itself to the " ineA'itable," tliis leading; paper made up- its, mind to , suffer like?a martyr thie terrible infliction Avhich lias ; fallen upon the country ! It is not very easy for us to transcribe these Avords of hypocrisy. If Mr. Macleay : really thought; that- the country -would be disgraced' by Mr. rarkes bemg sent lor, his action Avas that of a false Patriot, for lie conspired Avith those Avho . Avere deliberately preparing to bring about that disgrace.- He personally hated Sir J anies," and he would have the sivOet revenge of defeating that gentleman, even although it Avas as obvious as daylight that the only member in the House Avho really stood betAveen the country and the " disgrace" of Mr. Parkes Avas the same Sir James ! Such a patriot is Mr. Macleay. NeAv South Wales is not his country. Riverina is all the world to him ; and to save Riverina from the unpleasant operation of paying its share of the taxes of the Government, he would bring upon the whole colony that "fearful disgrace" of sending for Mrl Parkes ! . Similar, if not grosser, is the hypocrisy" of the Herald. It speaks very gingerly about Sir Alfred Stephen .falling back upon his sense of .impartiality, .while complain ing to the fates that the necessity of his position had imposed upon i him the dis agreeable duty of sending for a man to be Prime Minister of the country of whom the Supreme Court has rather a bad recollec tion ; but pray, has not Sir Alfred to thank the unprincipled Herald for the partial arid dishonest part which that, paper has played throughotit the recent contest ? It says that the Ministry is not the sort of ministry which it would support ; and yet, by ari unfairness which is quite characteristic, it hasbeenoneoftliechiefinstrumentsin bring ing the Ministry into power ! It says that it " should not have promoted the expulsion of the late Ministry to make room for this I one." We say that it certainly should not j have done so ; but it did. It seized every opportunity to misrepresent the action of Sir James Martin ; it took every occasion to raise and intensify the public feeling against him ; it took a pleasure in persist ing to accuse him of unconstitutional con duct in all that lie did ; and.it suppressed every fact or circumstance which could weaken or refute its strictures. Even now, when every one can judge of the upright, and honorable, and perfectly : legitimate action of Sir James Martin in the advances of the banks .to. the -Civil Service, the Ilera'd will repeat its paltry, spleen by sneering at the ' " ingenious contrivances " which it lias seen of late. All this the Herald lias done for months past. The issue of its piocedui-e was perfectly plaiii. Yet now, when it beholds- its work, when it sees the Kiama Ghost master of the position, when it sees a "combination of men, the leaders of whom -are truly a re proach, it whiiios'-with -a'-hypocrisy which is peculiar to the & Corner — " The Minis try is not the Ministfyiwhich we would be glad to support !" . No matter.: , " glad or not glad," tlie: " Corner " j is 'safe from the borrowing powers arid the, privately-marked cheques of the new Ministers ;!.... .. The new Ministry is now ;in power, and lies with the constituencies to reject or approve. We' think'.' that .the. publiQf have much reason to be satisfied. .; They have chosen their gods, and they may well now worship them. East .Sydney 'would r have 3VIr. Parkes; notwithstanding his. proved personal unfitness for. . the : second, highest position in the land, East Sydney loould have him. Not, perhaps, that it lovecl his integrity, but it wanted ib.'punish his rival in office.. It is probable' that riow, after the deceit arid fraud wliich have' been ex posed in his procedure connected with Mr. Butler, it will , still have liiiri ; yet our ' opinion is that he... ought to be rejected,, and, if there were moi'al honesty abroad in the community, they Wbuld; excliide; Mr. Parkes and every other mari whose 'history of the past: is a' propf. that he . cannot be trusted. The Hercdd' s testamur is highly suspicious— " He1 is a 'mail of ability clearly msinuatiiig that lie is iiotliing 'else /' We hope - there Avill.be spmebody to oppose Mr. . Butler. His fitness ; for. the responsibility of Attorney-Generalship we distinctly deny. ' The' Herald ' says tliat he lias " a reimtation : for iqhlghthess j" that clearly means the uprightness of an " umbrella for whatever he: -is in 'his profession' as a barrister, lie is so upright that, when orders corire from -St. Mary's authorities, he has no more will of his. own than his " umbrella " has. ' Surely the people of Newcastle will not let pass this opportunity for undoing the folly which was done last - time. If they camiot appreciate that Mr. Lloyd is not A1 at Lloyd's, and that- he, is resolved to compel the Hunter River producers not only to pay their own duties of shipping to Victoria, but their share of the portion of ltiverina, that those favoured lliverinaites may go business free, they ought to do so: but really our opinion of Newcastle will be very much changed if the electors there do not send back the would-be Minister until he has got a new classifica- tion. The people who struck at Sir James Martin because he reduced the wages of the Government ofiichds, the Civil Service, and the servants on the Railways, may now ask themselves if they are likely to. get their wages raised since Mr. Pidding- ton, the new Hon. Treasurer, refused to join with Sir J ames in his reduction, because he loould not reduce still more l Had Mr. Piddmgton been the Treasurer attlie time, the reduction complained of would have been a fe\y pounds iriore. Mr. Saul Samuel gets off scot .free. He will be a Minister, but he will keep his seat for a While. Has he an instinctive consciousness that the electors of East Sydney are not likely to repeat the mistake of the past? This. Sunday morning worshipping Jew at the breakfast table of the Blessed Virgin is decidedly the greatest of all the great' men in the Cabinet — it is he who will save both Parkes and Lloyd. Freeman is full of glee at the fall of Sir James Martin. He seeins to enjoy something like the pleasure which , Gregory XIII did when that blaspheming Pope heard of the massacre of the Protestants in Paris. The Infallible delighted in blood; ordered a Te Deum to be sung he went in solemn state to say mass ,; he ordered the guns of Rome to| boom forth blieir joy at the destruction of the heretics, and he caused a medal to be struck at the mint " ad jmrpetuam , rei memoriam." Similar is the joy of Free man at the fall of Sir James Martin: Not that Sir James is a "great Protes tant," not that he is one of the " Hugue nots" in disguise, not that he is the veri table Coligni come back again from the dead ; but just because he has riot been subservient to the Church, as Freeman imagines he might to have been. The highest virtue in any statesman, in the estimation of Freeman, is to serve the Church. If the statesman concerned happened to have sprung from Irish parentage and to have been baptized by "the Church," there is no forgiveness for him, if he forget the claims of the Church upon him, in the working of the political oracle. Hence the truculent malice : of Freeman against Sir James Martin. The Butlers Of that Romish paper have been looking with evil eye at the independence of the late Premier, and being also envious they have been working their best to' get his place. For a time tliey have suc ceeded, but never will any of . the , said Butlers stand in the shoes of Sir James Martin. His talents, his qualities, his iristiricts are far above any to which ' any Freeman's brother can aspire. Sir. James has made mistakes in his time, as every man has, but his mistakes are above the virtues of the Butlers. By a conspiracy which ought to open the eyes of the Pro testant people in New South Wales, Sir J ames has been defeated ; but, under tliO circumstances, the country will yet regret his defeat. He has not been defeated on any measure of which he has need to be ashamed. His reduction of wages was forced upon liiin, and for this lie suffers. His . raising the railway fares was also necessitated for the purpose of saving some small portion of the annual loss on the railways, and for this he suffers. But it will yet be seen that in his withstand- ing Duffy of Melbourne, and' Duffy's fellow- conspirators- here, he was animated by a spirit of pure patriotism for New South Wales. We tfell Mi. '' Freenian, ' that his joy on ; the fall of 'Sir James Martin will be just as vain as the joy of Gregory XIII. His Te Deum, his booming cannons, and his perpetual medal, did not stop the progress of Protestantisiri ; nor will the sudden ' exaltation ' of a" cabbage garden patriot stop the anti-Romish movement which . has taken root in New South Wales. , Maitland has much reason to blush for the Protestantism of its people. Its /lead ing newspaper has taken the lead in show ing how contemptible is the spirit which is now known as " charity." The 'occasion of the opening of a Dominican Chapel has been seized by th o Mercury to exhibit its miser able want of principle, and its base adula- tion of what constitutes1 the chief 'corrup tion in religion, and the chief falsehood in politics. Of course it has its Romish readers to please. It has . the ' probability to avoid as long as possible of the starting .hi Maitland of a rival .in the -form of a Romish paper. And what though it should offend afew ' ' crack-brain Protestants, " who think that principle is better than money, will not the greater good of- keeping sweet with the Romanists be far more profitable than the chance loss of a few of the Protes tant subscribers ! Hence that Protestant' . journal made" a stroke. It set out on the day when the chapel Avas to be consecrated to describe the scene, and to discourse on the virtues of Priests and Nuns ; ' and its report Avas so good, so flattering,, and so. true, that the Romanists of Maitland have adopted the account, and sent copies of it everywhere to illustrate their success and principles, as Avitnessed to by a Protestant ! We are told also that on the occasion Avlien Father Polding sprinkled the Avails of the chapel, inside and outside, Avitli holy water,, there Avere " many persons of other deno minations present." Protestants, of course; They went to see the shoAv. They Avent to pay for the entertainment. They felt that they protested Avell against Romanism arid itfj errors by giving them, countenance. They felt that they shoAved their "chaiity "' as Protestants, by giving their money and their presence to support a falsehood,, which their name of Protestants is- supposed to denounce. And,: in return for the money, they got a sight of such gross puerility as ought to convince them that Romanism is not Christianity ; they got, perhaps, a drop or tAVo of holy Avater from the aspergus or brush pf the Archbishop, and they heard a sermon from the " Book of Wisdom" — -a book as destitute of claims to be the W ord of God as " Jack the Giant Killer." And whefe, we ask, were the Protestant minis ters of Maitland while this disgraceful unprincipled " following of the beast " was displayed ? ' Echo answers, Where? They were doubtless " loving to slumber." It would be uncharitable were any of them to protest very publicly against such conduct. It would be very inconvenient besides. If they preached or lectured against such Protestant help to Popery, would there not be some risk of broken heads, as happened before ? Victoria has reason to be proud of its Minister, " Avho is a rebel to the back bone." His patriotism, when Avriting for the Nation, consisted in treasonable as saults on the British Government, and in persistent attempts to embroil Ireland in civil strife. But since he came to Victoria his patriotism has taken the shape of devo tion to himself, in securing for himself a very handsome pension, on Avliich he can live in patriotic style. More than that : he is not unmindful of his compatriot " rebels to the backbone." The colony Avliich has done so Avell for Duffy is ; able to help some of Duffy's friends. So- it has done. We have heard that if a return Avere to be furnished of the " nation and creed " of the Civil Service in Victoria, at the present date, it Avould be found that since Duffy got into power the friends of Duffy have had a large share of the public spoil. This is easily understood. And the Church has had a finger in the pie. If not positively, at least negatively, the Church Has influenced the Councils and policy of the Chief Secretary ; and hence, as his Education Bill could not be framed to satisfy the Church, it Avas the Avisest policy to frame nonerit all ! Who can tell, too, but that the unpleasantness existing betAveen Duffy and Grant has something to do Avitli grants of land ? for the Church has a great capacity for land. Some day those numerous grants Avill be as good as an . endoAvment ; and ought not the Church to make hay Avhilst the sun sliines 1 But Duffy has friends and old cronies at home in the Green Isle. He has just shoAvn how he can " do them a turn." The appoint ment of Rebel Iloey— late sub-editor of the Nation — is a bold stoke. The deceit prac tised iii connection with the appointment is like Duffy. If the Victorians Avill stand this gross corruption, they Avill stand any thing. Does not Victoria see Avhat effects AA-ill foiloAv from a Romish, Fenian, . Rebel Colonial Agent ! Do they not see.hoAv this appointment can be turned to the advantage of Romanisrii in Victoria ? Suppose Lnmigratipn should be again established in something like vigour, Avhat, Avill be the. issue since the "details',' of the business Avill be in the hands of the Nation editor? But apart from the importation of Popish 'ser vants and .unskilled Avoikme'n; . are thre, no- pickings and patronage Avliicli may be. given to Y oung Irelanders ? Mr. Oashel Hoey may be a very fine gentleman, : but he is not Avortli iJGOO j>er amiuni . to help Duffy to Fenianize and degrade the British colony of Vid&ria.; We are decidedly friends to " free thought," both religious and political. Thought must be free to be thought. at all ; but it is a poor compliment to Truth to, say- that it is so uncertain, so unascertain- able, so indefinable, that we must always be doubting it, and treating it as " scep tics." Free thought is not disputing everything, denying everything, and out of a common chaos to be enquiring for some thing settled. We are not going to honor those who live upon a system of negatives with the name of " Freethinkers." They, are fond of this title ; but the term " scep tics" is far more accurate. They doubt, they deny, they repudiate ; and they set up a standard which they call "reason and conscience;" but they think neither freely nor fairly when they pretend to accept Christianity whilst repudiating the only account which tells them what Christianity is, and whilst denying the only Christ which that account reveals. Everything miraculous in that account they deny, be cause their " reason and conscience" cannot accept miracles. Everything mysterious in the character of Christ, they reject, be- cause their reason and conscience will not believe that Christ could be anything more, than a man. They make up a Christ of their own imagining. They cut out from His doctrines all that they call superstition and Jewish, and they construct doctrines which they call "reasonable." They gather together what they approve in the Scrip- tures, and from those accepted portions they invest the Almighty with attributes which they delight to applaud as true, and essential to the practice of true religion but in all this unworthy and unreasonable treatment of the Scriptures there is just as little true freedom of thought as when the grossest devotee of superstition kisses the cross and swears by the Church. The dif ference is this — the one is the slave of his domineering priest, the other makes his own reason and conscience his masters, Reason, doubtless, has its own province. Conscience is well enough when it is en- lightened from without. But for men to say that a book cannot be a revelation from God, that Christ cannot be God mani fest in the flesh, that miracles cannot be wrought, and that the stories of the mirac- ulous and supernatural in Scriptures are Jewish fables, idle dreams and practically lies, is the very last effort of prejudice and unreasonableness. The "old school" of Unitarians were far behind that " new school" which is " abreast of the age." The Humanitarian System, the so-called "Christian Deism," the "Rationalistic School," are all the glories of this most enlightened age ! ' The attention of our readers is called to the fact that an exhibition and sale of fancy goods will be held at the Protestant Servants' Training School early in the pnsuing month. r The Bible as a History. — We are glad to,. i see that Mr. Davis continues his able and useful . . series. The third number deals Avith the objec- tions tp the prophets Isaiah, Jeremiah, and , Ezekiel, and we are to have a fourth. We Avish the book the success it fully merits. Bred in the Bone Out in the Meat. — The neAV Premier, in his address to the electors ! , of East Sydney, tells them that his present Attorney-General was ' ' among his earliest poli- , tical associates, and that it is gratifying to lnm , that after the lapse of nearly tAventy years they , can, still unite in the highest political duties.'', Very good ! We return, as the French say, , to , our muttons. But Avliy should the possibility of this delightful reunion he so often Avarmly , denied during the last feAv months? We do not , wonder atthe Premier finding satisfaction in the retrospect of those years — nearly twenty — and in their connecting oil the same benches. , these tAVo — one of Avhom has, in addition to many private and public vicissitudes, seen; or;.: enacted the ICiama ghost, and the other become proprietor of the Freeman's Journal. - Par Mobile fratram. , ' ; /' Queer English of Ministers. — Tliere," appears to be no qualifying cxairiiriatioh for!,' Cabinet ministers — "reading and Avriting" are ' supposed to ." come by nature" to them, and as .- they so come, they address then- constituents., i The Premier talks of the "mineral wealth, of',"'' the territory in the sjilendour of its extent Arid, /' the value of its variety," although it , is iipt extent that is splendid, nor variety that is yaiib. ' able. / Another ucav Minister says that "'tlie ' ' result of the recent elections has been to prove " " ' something. The Treasurer says, "Mr. Parkes offered me the office of -Colonial Treasurer, and having accepted it, my seat thereby became vacaidN .l It is iiot then Mr. Piddington, but his "seat"' l that accepted the office. We Avish his seat joy , ' .—may its sliadoAV never be less—nor its ciishiori: 1 less easy. Of course there can be no brains,, there ; they are usually found at the other , extremity ; but in this Ministry, it is the head's antipodes that has the office of Treasiii-er. Well, Iioav history repeats itself ; Avak there noi. - a Parliament' called by that name or something ' / like it. Perhaps iMr. Parkes' Finance Minister may hereafter bo known as the " ' '/ seat'."' treasurer." ' y ; ; The Ministry of the , Freeman's ' Journal;. . ' -rA good , old book, not yet, we tiust; out -of ' date, lias warned us against being '...unequally.'- yoked .together Avith those who hold opposite. / principles,, and' asks us "Hoav can tivo: Walk together unless they be agreed?" ' But the Evening News, not less truly because ironically, '. ' refers, on; Tuesday, to the junction; in/office of "mdn tinged Avitli Fenian principles Avith tliosc Avlio Avere once in favour Avitli (Jrangc lodges." , Office, as well as misfortune, introduces people ' to' strange bed-felloAvs,. even as apparently liicoh- , gruous- as Messrs. Butler and Parkes. Tlie!/ JeAvish law forbad the yoking of an ox and an ' ass to the same plough, and Ave scarcely think it' ' can Aiery safely bo done, unless the ox becomes soineAvliat assimilated by degeneracy, so as , to pull an equal Aveiglit. The ox may become some- ! Avliat asinine— the ass caimot become bovine. , !Noav, Avliat Mr. Henry Parkes has been trying ', to .assure us, for months past, is that tlio ox ana tlie ass could not . bo brought into the same team. The particular ass Avas specified by mime. It Avas Avliispered that there Avas a cei'- ' tain., rapprochement between the animals, such as one often sees among beasts of tlie same kind in the field— a mutual rubbing of noses, ears, and backs, and a general scratching. This Mr.' Parkes; desiring the support of Orange lodges, has been assuring us, and succeeded for a Avliile iii inducing some young brethren to believe, could never be, as botiveen him and Mr. Butler between the champion of the Public Schools Act arid the highly liberal and enlightened per sonification of the Freeman's Journal. .The Protestant Standard, lioAvever, Avas not deceived. We saAv well how Butler had been transfigured. The old cry of "Parkes and Protestantism" hatl somehoAv been sadly altered into the semblance of a bray, to Avhich the bells of St. Mary's and 'the seditious songs of the Freeman easily har monized. But now the great act is done. These sounds are uoav combining to celebrate the un- : natural marriage, and Parkes and Butler are true yoke-fellows ; or as the Evening News ' ' .puts it : "Men tinged with Fenian principles are united to those once in favour with Orange lodges." Well, it is always possible to deceive the honest and trusting ; and Mr. Parkes has U- . - == never found much difficulty in, throwing aside, this ladder by which he has -mounted, no matter' what former friends remain : on its steps to. tumble with it ; but we warn him that the ladder . kicked aside may be raised again, and the men BO 'spurned 'may climb it, ' who ' sliall not again he deceived, hut shall hurl him and his new allies down to the contempt well merited .by: deceit. Whatever support Mr. Parkes has hitherto gained by bis professing strong Protes tant principles, and especially by liis strong denials of his alliance with the Butlers, will now, as a matter of course, he withdrawn. It will be impossible for men of sterling . Protes tantism to support the Ministry of the Freeman' Journal. Prosecution of the Protestant Press at Adelaide. — We have noticed lately the con tentions which have divided the l'opisli Church in South Australia, arising from a 'fierce struggle for dominance between tlie order of the Jesuits and Franciscans. Li this : struggle the 'late Bishop Sliiel w.is involved,' we believe, not as' an impartial arbitrator between tlie parties at war, but as a decided partisan of one side. He dismissed and excommunicated tlie sisterhood of St. Joseph, or such portion of that convent as did not think with lum ; he denounced publicly and privately tlie newspaper hitherto the Romish organ ; and left at his death two parties still struggling- The Jesuit party have for the present gained the advantage, and as they will of course have tho support of Archbishop Pold- ing and of the higher ecclesiastical authorities, they are masters of the situation. But the other party is strong, and the more liberal ; and if they have not the Romish press open freely to them, they do not scruple to use the Protestant press. Accordingly a Roman Catholic writer who is well informed on the subject, writes to the Protectant Advocate, letters which disclose certain unwelcome' secrets of the prison house, hitherto hissed down iis mere Protestant calumnies. Accordingly, the temporary adminis trator of the Romish Church and the head of the sisterhood of St. Joseph, as it is in its new condition, have brought an action against the printer. The Roman Catholic writer promises to'rcome forward, and the Romanists will see how much such papers as the Advocate or the Standard are their real friends, when opposed by the grinding tyranny of their hierarchy. But .we remind our readers that details of convents and priestcraft, and all the underhand chicanery that goes on among the Jesuit party, are very difficult of absolute proof by evidence. A Roman Catholic liberal, well knowing the truth of his statement may find the most insurmountable obstacles put in the way of his producing the necessary evidence. Each witness is tampered with — some are sworn already to secrecy — the Jesuit code allows a lie to serve or screen the order of the church ; and men whose bread depends on favour, fear to lose that favour by unwholesome revelations. Should the respec table and able publisher of the Advocate be cast for these reasons, we trust he may he sup ported by tlie Protestant help of his fellow- colonists, and that we also in New South Wales shall join to rescue him from pecuniary loss. Mr. Mackonciiie Interviewed. — The Mon treal Church Observer has the following extract of the account of an interview with Hie Yicar of St. Albau's, Holborn, by the New York World reporter : — "Mr. Mackonocliie. — Do not, if you please, call our church Protestant. I have learned to love with the love of pity those good, earnest, and prayerful men whom Protes tantism has drawn to be the unconscious fighters against God, but I have learned to hate with a growing and ever-deepening intensity, that cold, miserable, unloving, uuchristinulike, godless figment called Protestantism, for it has been able to pervert tlie miiuls of such of the faithful as as have lent themselves to its abominable tyranny. But, tliank God, I have long known that tho Church of England is not Protestant, and, by his mercy, never shall be. As to the services, the judgment against Mr. Purchas only affects him personally ; that against me has pre vented me from assuming at the altar that posi tion which I believe to be tlie most Scriotural. and the wearing of the vestments, which 1 believe I can justify the use of by tlie law and the testimony ; but I have never ceased from the performance of functions the obligation of which rested solely upon the law of Christ, and I made known publicly my intention not to cease from them." ' ' Cor. — Do you think there is any desire or anxiety on the part of the Bishop of London to enforce the judgments of the courts?" "Mr. M. — No, I think tho Bishop would let us alone about all matters, whether as to the mixed chalice, wafer bread, position at the altar, or lights, incense, and vestments, unless he should be violently urged or compelled to interfere ; not that he has any sympathy with us, but because be is personally a weak man. " A festival under the auspices ot the Dundee Orangemen took place on Wednesday night. Mr. George M'Leod, Grand Master of Scotland, occupied the chair. Eleven hundred persons present. The chairman, in tho course of his remarks, said that . a more dangerous man had not been at the head of tho country than Mr. Gladstone since the days of Bolingbroke. Mr. William Johnston, M.P., Grand Master of Ire land, followed, and spoke of the healthy state of Orangeisin in this country. He believed the- time would soon come when England, so pros perous now, would have to call upon the Orange men in Ireland to resist revolution in that land again ; when that sham cry of " Home Rule " — which really meant Romish rule — would require to be resisted for England's constitution and England's Queen ; and when Republicans, and Romanists, and Revolutionists were banding themselves together, and would necessarily he met on the field by the Orangemen "of Ulster, and he defeated in another battle of the Boyne. Mr. Duffy has been induced, on tlie threat of censure, not to confirm the appointment of his quondam brother rebel, Mr. Hoey to the secre taryship to the Colonial Agent. Many improvements are at present going on at Government-house, whose advantages are so obvious, and whose cost is so trifling, that the wonder is they have been delayed so long. Mr. Driver consented to defend Nichols, charged with the Parramatta River murder, and he will be allowed to plead, no barrister being forthcoming. The Dufty Administration will have a hard fight for their places — perhaps they will lose them. The Nominations at Elections made necessary by a change of Ministry- are to be as follow ; East :Sydney, 20th May ; Hawkesbury, 27th May ; Parramatta, 28th May ; Paddington, 21st May ; Argyle, 27th May ; Muclgec, 27th May ; Newcastle, 27th May. The date of the writs is 15th May, and they are made returnable on the 11th June. The new Committee of the Chamber of Com merce discussed a suggestion from the Sydney Chamber that the several Governments should be asked to join in a subsidy to a Cable Com pany to lay down a submarine telegraph line from Java to Normanton, as an alternative line to that now in course of construction by South Australia. 