TELEGRAPHIC. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELEGRAPH.] WARWICK. September 27. The tin forwarded from Warwick per railway, since Friday last, has been fifty- three tons four hundredweight one quarter. STANTHORPE. September 27. Mr. Coxen left here this morning, and will return on Thursday next. ROCKHAMPTON. September 27. Ninety tons of salt were lost by the swamping of a punt alongside the Polmaise to-day. The continued drought is causing much in- convenience and loss throughout the district. Private telegrams state that a return "rush" from Townsville has set in. Some fears are entertained of disturbances by the rowdy portion of the diggers who have arrived at Townsville from the Southern colonies. CARDWELL September 27. The gold escort arrived here from the Ethe- ridge and Gilbert gold fields, with two thousand ounces of gold and eight hundred pounds in cash. The bridle track by the new route will be opened in a few days. GEORGETOWN. September 27. The quantity of quartz crushed this week has been 132 tons, yielding 387 ounces of gold Four more quartz-crushing machines are on the way here, and are stated to be close at hand. Bishop Quinn arrived on Tuesday. We have three priests here, besides the Roman Catholic Bishop. SYDNEY. September 27 Parliament has been summoned to meet on the 5th of November. Quarantine has been abolished on vessels arriving from Victoria. Peak Downs Copper shares are quoted at five pounds ten shillings. A telegram from Port Darwin announces further gold discoveries. It is reported that Loup Garou carried short weight for the Maiden Plate. The Government have promised to return the deposits of unsuccessful applicants for mineral leases. Two prisoners escaped from the Yass gaol yesterday, one of them has been recaptured. MELBOURNE September 27. The debate on the Education Bill has been adjourned. The rush of diggers to Queensland has ceased. DURING the past few days the old Post office has been cleared out of the fittings considered useful in the new building, which will be open today. It is intended to convert that portion of the establishment which was occupied by the Postmaster General and the dead letter depart- ment into an office for the Commissioner of Railways and his staff. The necessary altera- lions to effect this ohango (consisting principally of additional und enlarged windows), uro being oamed out by Mr John Potne, nnd will bo completed m a fow dajB Titi! uso in tho pi ico of most of tho neces- saries of hfo lu Biisbimo during tho past month oi two, is Iho cuneo of cousidciablo grumbling from tho housekeopcis, particularly thoso who hare to îeli on a fi«d inconio in which tho in oronscd activity of tiado makes no differcnco Butchor's moat, butter, potatoes, wood, and several olhei nrticlos of household jousuuiptiou have increased lu prico fiom 20 to 50 poi cent, and in eomoofthoooortidos thero is a probability of an oven greater íncroaio ITouso rent ia also Btoidily on tho riso, and how ovor consoling lins may bo to property owners, tho tenants feel thomselvcB considerably ngguovod. The return of summer and tho conséquent proba bility of plenty of food will doubtleaa havo tho ellect of bringing down meat and butter to something hko ii icasonablo figuro, but with tho inorcaso of population wo may expect tho rents will keep up Thero is an old saj nig that " it is au ill wind that blows nobody good," mid prejont circumstances seem to point out to a lcverso rf it also ns being true Wo can also B n, ' it's u good wind blow 3 nobody ill " Tbo oula complained of uro tho inevitable result of that " roturu of prosperity " which ovorj body has been looking for so onlonth and so long Somo peoplo ara now beginning to fancy (hat tho slow but steady progress of tho past four yours was quito quick enough for thom. WE wore shown yoBtorday a vory handsomo testimonial presented to Mr Charba Tiffin, by tho ofllcors of tho Public BoadB and Buildmga Department, on his rotiromont from that oflico Bomo months ago It consists of an inkstand formed of nn emu's cfeg supported an forn lcavosof silver, whioh rest on a silver ground, on whioh flowers and sorpeuts aro represented On tho left ia an aboriginal nativo willi a spcor, and on tho right a silvoi «nu Tho egg opens in tho centro, and is beautifully inlaid and mounted with silvei, and a suitablo ina"iiption ia engraved on tho sfand It wus accompanied by tho portiaita of Mr liiBn and the oilicora referred to noatly ni ranged in a largo oval fi uno, und au addiess oxpre «ive of tho great csteom with which thoy had i o_arded that gea tloinun duung tlio many years ho hld boon hoad of tho dopurtment, and of tho sincero regrot thoy felt on tho severance caused by his rotuo mont from oflico THE Queensland Tin Smelting Company have lost no time in getting their works at Bulimba ready for operations and two tons of tin in ingots have been turned out within the last few days. Specimens were exhibited in the estab- lishments of Messrs. J. W. Barnett, T. Buchanan, Perry Brothers, Keith, Snow, Sewell, and Simmonds, yesterday, and they are admitted by all who have soon them to be got up in first rate style. Ibis considering that tho work was to BOino o-tontoxpormnmtal is voiy satisfactory The fumaco und othor appliances woro found to work admirably, and uro oapablo of turn- ing out about ten tons por weok, and if necessary anothor fu naco can bo erected at a fortnight's notico, which will enable the company to turn out an ad- ditional ton tons per weok At prosont the works aro at a standstill, owing to the diflloulty of proounng coal suitublo for smelting It appoara that coal from the local minas is not so well adapted for tho purpose us NowcaBtlo, and thoro is groat delay in gotting a supply from that plaeo Beforo the contract for tho erection of the promisos woro entered into, orders wore sent to Nowcoatlo for 150 tons, but it has not yot arrived, and a small lot, winch was obtained by chanco in port onablod tho Company to smelt tho tin referred to As soon as tho nccos Bury supply conies to hand woik will bo resumed OWNEIIS of dogs should befti in mind that tho timo allowed for registration terminales on Iho 30th of tins month, and that thereafter comos police visitation, summonses, and fines for thoso who noglcot to comply with tho provi- sions of tho statute V o aro requested tosíate, foi tho convenience of tho public, that registra tion forms can bo obtained from Mr O'Brien, at his oflico, in tho Central Polico Court buildings A ^MEETING of tho mombors of Tattorsull'a, and othors interested in tho Molbourno Cup, will tuko place at tho Australian Hotel, at tho usual hour, this ovemng I THE now vvaiehouso which has just been complotod fur Messrs S Davis mid Co , at the corner of Edward and Charlotte stroels, i*, in point of Bizo and appearance, ono of tho largest and moat substantial buildings of tho kind m tho city Tho premisos aie oomposed of brick, with n coinout frontago , havo a frontago of 56 foot to Edwttid slieot, with a dopth of 75 feet Thoy aie two stones in hoight, and tho two flats aro the solo divisions in tho building Tho flint flooi will bo dovotod to tho kcoping of stock, and tho second has boon fitted up as a show room 'llio establishment is well lighted and ventilated, and possesses all the most up pioved appliances for tho carrying on au cxteu sivo trade Mr. R Beeston was the contractor for the building, and he seems to have carried out the work in au expeditious and creditable mannoi The total contract prico was, wo bo hove, £2030 Mes ra Davis and Co havo oponed u veiy laigo stock of general morohou dieo in their now pi omises AN assay of some of the copper ore taken from Messrs Campbell's selection of 320 acres on Moreton Island was shown to us yesterday The ore yielded 15 per cent of pure copper, and the assayers, Messrs. Hipwood and Sutton, state that they will guarantee to smelt it at one fourth of the cost of any ore brought under their notice in Queensland. Up to the present time, only three selections have been taken up on the island, and wo understand that Mr Campbell proceeds with asuivoyor on Monday, to mark out Ina land The oro was first discovered on the surfuco in a small leader about an inch wide, which, at a dopth of foin or fivo feot, widened into a woll defined vom of flora sis to oight inches As soon as tho survoy has been pioporly mado, men will bo put on immediately to thoioughly develop tho mino Tho discovoiy has giveu neo lo considoiablo oxcitomout among mining speculators, and thoro ia little icaaon to doubt that numerous other ealcotions will bo taken up in tho locality. Tho assay of surface stouo having proved so satisfactory, it is probablo that at a greater depth tho lode will bo found vory rich in coppei Tho great facihtiea for eiiBy carriage mako tho diacoveij a valuable ono AT tho Cential Police Court, ycstcidaj, John Donnison was summoned by Mr B Cribb for íofiiBing to givo up posscsion of a tonomont in Maiy atiect Mrs Donnison appeared for her husband Mr Crowther, houeo and commission agent, produced a copy of n written notlco to quit, which had boon served on dofondant ; ho Btated, also, that hobadsevoraltiinesgivondefond ant verbal notico to quit ; that ho had receivod rent from lum on behalf of Mr. Cribb; and that tho tenancy was weekly. Mr. Cribb deposed that ihe property was his, mid that it belonged to him whon defondunt took possession. Mrs. Donnison said Bho had no objection to go out, if Mr. Cribb would poy up tho rafes on tho pro- perty, and nllow for repairs, &o.; Sho had ex- pended about £12 on tho bouse ouo way or anothor, and wanted compensation ¡ sho asked to bo nllowoj to stay tivo months. Mr. Cribb ¡ " Not two hours ; you owe mo about four mouths' rout." Mrs. Donnison : " I'll poy the rent if you pay (ho taxation on tho property ; I always paid regularly till the rates accumulated." His Worship told defendant that ho could not outer into such questions. Sho had received notico to quit, and sha must go out. Mrs. Donnison ; " Yes, in two montha." His Wor- ship : " It ¡a useless to speak in that way j you must go out in seven days." Mrs. Dennison said eho would go to the Supremo Court, to seo if ehe could obt .in redress. THE Clarence and Richmond Examiner has been informed that Messrs. Browstor and Tro beck, of tho Squattors' Exchange, Sydnoy, sold privatoly, on Friday wock, Kangaroo Creek and Little Nymboida stations, in tho Clarence dis- trict, with 1700 head of cattlo at "3 10s. per hoad j also, 360 acres of selected land for £90; and 70 horaeB, working bullocks, Btores, etc., nt a valuation. Tho purchaser being Mr. G. E. ForbcB, of Queensland. WE liavoreooivod the summary of observations taken at the Meteorological Station, Brisbane, during tho month of July, 1872. Tho mean shodo tomperuturo for the month was 58'1 dcgreos; rain foil on 6 days; and the total rain- fall was 3 90 inches. The prevailing winds for the month wore W. and S.W. Tho weather hal boen slightly warmer thuu uaualduring the month, tho mean shade tetnpornturo, SS'l degrees, boing O'l degree ovor the avcrago of this month for the previous ton yours, but 1 0 degree under the previous ihroo years. Tho highest reading m shade, 80 5 degrees, was on the 25th ; the lowest on grass, 32 0 degrees, was on the morning of the 30th. The "¡ghost barometría reading, 30310, was at 0 p.m. on tho 6th ; and the lowest, 29700, at 3 p.m. on the 21at. The moan barometric readings havo been above the average of the mouth. Bain foil on 6 days; tho total fall, 3-90 inehoa, boing 1-33 inch over tho avorago of tho month ; the greatest fall in 21 hours, l-60 inch, was on tho 7th. For further information aa to tho rainfall of the colony, soo general summary published monthly in tho Government Gazelle. ANOTHER boiler explosion is reported in the telegraphic correspondence of the Maryborough Chronicle. The boiler of tho Calliope Saw Mills burst on Saturday morning last, killing one man, and dreadfully wounding two others. How much more blood is required before pro- viding for the inspection of steam boilers here in the same way as every other civilised ad- ministration has done ? It is a strange thing that whilst the law will not permit men to physic the public, or to sell them grog, or even to cut down timber on the public lands, without a license, yet any one is allowed to drivo a steam engine, however unqualified for the work, and to risk or sacrifice the lives of human beings. A CORRESPONDENT (says the Queensland Times) writing from Mount Porry mentions one of the dodges rrported to by company pro- moters, tho exposure of which may perhaps tend to make investors more inquisitive and less credulous than they generally are. Tho letter runs as follows :-" With a viow to put you on your guard, I may mention a report whioh is in circulation, that it has been a common prac- tice to fill a number of bags of rubbish, and thon ndrertÍBO that such and such a mino has so many bags of oro awaiting'-'conveyance to shipment. I dnrosay you have heard tho malt of these dodges which I liavo mentioned, but I allude to thom in cuso you htivo not. Thore is uo necessity for mo to oak you not to quote your authority, as thero aro so many tho cap would fit that I might got into hot wator.'1 [This is a lio on tho fuco of it. The mini j having oro to sond down aro in tho hands of eompanioB. Of thoso tho Mount Perry, Nor- manby, Wolca, Victoria, and Potosi, aro the only minoB sending down oro, and it is Bufllcient to mention their tumos to diBprovo the practico of such a swindling transaction by either thoir managers or directora. Tho othor mines-the Boolboonda, Ellondalo, Moolbool- aman, and Edina, havo not yet begun to send down oro, and if thoy had, their managers and dirootors would be equally obovo such disgrace» ful prácticos. Wo can aver from our own knowledgo that no snob roport was in circula- tion ns that alleged until it was circulated by tho writer of tho abovo paragraph, who b.M in all probability becu practising swindles as vile in other ways, and puts this out as a dodge ho would havo boon ready to porpetrato if only ho had tho opportunity.-ED. Maryborough Chronicle.'] [Yet tbroo weeks ago a gentleman from Mount Berry, not at ull given to lying, asaurod us that ho saw tho editor of tho ¿found Perry Mail misled byjuBt such a trick, and our informant did not think it was by any means a solitary instance of tho Bamo kind of mining "now»" having boon furnished to that pnpor. ED. B. 0.] THE Wangaratta Despatch, a Victorian nows pitpor, has a friond " whoBo veracity is unques- tionable," and who proved his truthfulness by narrating to tho journalist tho following story. It is rulhor too much for us. Wo got it along» Bille, but could not got it on board :-" Some fovv years ngo ho was travelling in Queensland during the dry season, when for month after month no rain falls to moisten and refresh tho thirsty land, accompanied by u black boy who was in his employ. Tho water failed thom, and thoy wero beginning to sulfor for the want of it, whon thoy carno to tho bed of a crook, whioh in tho wet season had evidently boen a considerable stream, but which was now porfootly dry. The gentleman was disappointed, but the boy said, ' Nober mind, maesa ¡ ino find him prog.' The muster said ho didn't want prog, li o wanted wator. 'Nober mind, mo find bim,' was the roply, and thcroupon ho commenced with a stick scoopiug a bolo in tho now dried oreok. Pre- sently he cried out, ' Look, massa, yon no see him track ? ' The gentleman couldn't niako out what the lad meant, ho BOW no traoks. At length tho mystery of tho prog WOB solved. Tho boy put his lingers into a corner of tho hole ho had sooopod out, and pulled out a fine frog, well distended ; taking it botweon his llngor and thumb, ho squeozed about a tablospoonfal of wator out of it, and thon sot to work again and caught moro, until tboy managod to got a pint of water which thoy boiled, and mado thoir ten." THE following extract is from a correspondent at Fiji, formerly a resident of Brisbane:- " When I may again hear from you I am at a loss to know, as we appear to bo almost exclu sively shut in here of late, as no vessels are coming or going. Indeed, we cannot send away our produce for want of tonnage, and we are almost out of flour and other necessaries. Two shillings are asked for an ordinary baker's loaf, and we are not always able to get it at that price. The Cossack, man-of-war, is again here, but will have to leave for Auckland be- cause she cannot get provisions for her crew. By the way, sho is doing wonders amongst the shipping, seizing all sorts of craft because they have faulty papors, or else none at all. To-day she seized two small schooners of about twenty tons. This is owing, however, to carelessness. In somo cases the practice in Fiji with reference to ships was so slovenly that so long as the vessel remained in the group it was all right. Others, again, were built here, and were without any papers; but now the Cossack ia startling them slightly. However, it will all work good in the end. Things political are tolerably quiet, but at Taviuni the settlers, I hear, are arming themselves to resist the Government, and it is said that the chief of that district is siding with them. I give this merely as a rumor that has reached me, for I have no definite or reliable in- formation on the subject. Our prospects, agri- culturally, are excellent. In other general news you will be posted up by the papers which I send you," A TEI-BOBIM was received from Mackay yes- terday, by tho Ajting-Commissionor of Police, itating that tho Queen's Hotel at that placo was totally deBtroyod by Oro betweon 3 and 5 o'clock yesterday morning. The origin of tho fire was unknown. THB Times, of July 30, says :-" lu an article we published on Friday last upon 'Colonial Policy,' wo supported somo observations mado "i tho Brisbane Courier upon Bonio recent pro- ceedings at tho Colonial Institute, and wa seem to have been misunderstood as having intended to disparage tho institute itself. Tho Duke of Manchester and Mr. 0. W. Eddy havo written to point out to us that tho subjects whioh havo ocoapicd tho attontion of the instituto during the past session have almost exclusively boon of a very practical character, and also that the society has completely succeeded -'u dispelling the jealousy and distrust with whioh, in its early days, it was regarded hy tho Agents General, who aro tho true representatives of the colonies. Moat of tho agents have joined the instituto, and several, including ono or two who havo not joined, woro prosent at the annual dinner. The list of Fellows con- tains a large number both of actual representa- tivos and of roprosentativo mon from tho groat oolonieB, and many have joined within the last half-year. Wo aro also informod that tho ol.iss of papors whioh tho instituto ÍB endeavoring to secur«'for tho noxt session will bo descriptivo of the various colonies, and of their commercial rotations with this country, with oaoh other, and with foreign nations. Wo aro happy to learn that our advico has thus boon rendered in some degree unnecessary by the action of the in- stituto itself. Wo have no doubt such a society, if judiciously conducted, may render itself useful bolh to tho colonists and to the mother country j and wo did but follow inde- pendent colonial opinion in warning tho instituto against an unpractical class of discussions." Tara Warwick Argus records tho death of anothor respected old oolonist, for a long timo resident in that town :-" Mr. Oharlos Broil, a Dativo of Berlin, who carried on tho business of St»"* 'and harneas makor in Warwick, for the last sixteen years, died at his residence, in Fitzroy-streot, on last Thursday morning. Dur- ing his long reaidonce in Warwick, ho conducted himself as a steady respectable tradesman, who always minded hiB own business ond loft his neighbors to mind theirs. Ho was passionately fond of Bbootiug, and it is said tho accident of mistaking a gamokecper for a buok, in oao of the royal forests near Potsdam, was tho immédiat o causo of his emigration from Fathorland. Bo that as it might, ho was a keon sportsman, and in pursuit of lils favorite pastimo uaed to drive out, at loast onco a weok, in a quaint looking groen buggy with cast iron wheols, to interview the black ducks in tho lagoons and on tho Condamine reaches. Thoso who woro adinittod to his intimacy respected IIÍB many excelleut qualities, and it was admitted by all that, excopt to tho ducks, ho was tho most peaceful and in- offensive man in tho district. His death was not proceded by much illness or suffering, and the exporiouco of seventy-three yoars probably enabled him to contomplato its approach with- out much rogrot. His remains wero followod to the grave ou Friday, by a largo numbor of people." PBIVATE advices from Victoria point to tho faot that wo may expect an enormous influx of miners from that colony. It is stated thut from all the centres of mining activity mon aro leav -.ig in largo numbers for Molbourno, with tho object of taking passago for what thoy think is a Northern Eldorado. That a largo majority of these peoplo will bo disappointed in thoir ex- pectations is to bo cxpoctod, but still tho mine- ral resources of the colony, both in quartz reef- ing and in tin and copper mining present a field of labor which it will bo difficult to overstock. Tho quartz mining of this colony has boon oorricd on up to the present, on moat of tho (¡elis, on what would bo conshlorod a rathor primitive mode in Victoria; but that we aro in po'soasion of rich treasures in this department of industry there can bo no question. Tho crushings at Gympio hove avoraged as high since the commencement of tho field as on any othor similar diggings in tho colonies; and thore aro, wo feol convinced, scattored over tho colony, numerous Gympies, requiring but exporioneed minors to nnoarth thoir treasures. Men without moans sufficient to maintain Hiern for six or eight months at least will not bo able to I uko advantage of the opportunities this colony certainly oflors to the gold minor ; and the wandering digger looks i-" " scorn and contempt on copper or tin mining for wages. This is whero the mistake ia mode by wages mon without capital Blurting for Quoonslonil. Thoy will eithor havo to work for wages at other thin gold mines hero, or thoy must Boon loave again for somo other piuco. WE take tho following from the Northern Miner, the now paper published at Charters Towers. It ia a contribution to that journal, and muBt bo accoptod for what it io worth ; but it does not offer much encouragement to tho miners from tho South, who aro " mudly rushing on i"-" I think I beaded my last ' New Alluvial Bush.' Good gracious! how wo oro hustled through this lifo. A week has scarcely passed ; aud, behold, wo havo become ancient. To my certain knowledge Ibero havo been between three and a hundrod and fifty new rushes eiuco then. Mobs of men may bo seen nt all limes of tho day, bearing north, east, south, and west, going through to the new rush, or, as a would-be facetious friend of mino ex- pressed it, ' Making trnckins though their heels wero grossed-with » rt/i/iliglit,' Whethor hu was alluding lo tho lightness of Ihoir heels, or something else, I could net devise. Tho shock was so great (to my sensitive nerves) that it only left me sufhYient brealb to ejaculato ' Oh ! Moses,' and I fainted. I shall cut that fellovi's acquaintance. Things aro very quiot hore. The men in the gully aro working away us ' busy as bees in a tar-pot' stacking their wash-dirt, und anathenialising the clerk of the weather. There is little or nothing fresh, as far ns the gully is concerned, to chronicle. Tho claim» already upon gold havo still 'nothing to complain of.' Thero have only been one or two more holes bottomed upon gold worth speaking of. I nm frightened to guess at the nutubor of 'duffers ' which havo been sunk, ^ufllco it to say, that the avera_o is rather moro than one might hnvo oxpected. Whether the lead is widening out and getting poorer, ia broken, or takes a sudden ' slow,' are points niuuh discussed hero just now. One thing ia certnin, and that is (to use a fox- hunting phrase), ' tho scent is getting vory cold.' The less Boid about the numerous new rushes the botter, uniii they develop themselves more. Wator I ia the great, and universal cry here ; tho want of which is, like the nail for tho horseshoe, ' for tho want of vi hich the shoo was lost,' where * for tho want of tho shoe tho horso was lost,' &c;, ¿co.-(you all know tho story). It io a primary ovil, und brings in ita train a host of other evils, and disagreeables 'too numerouB to mention.' By-the by, wo had a Bhower though, last Saturday evening (late)-only Just enough to tantalize one-but as tho rain fell, the BpiritB of tho inhabitants TOBO. There were a few in- deed I saw, who wore BO ufieetod that they could not stand it, and weut down upon their knees, or oven prostrated ihcmBolvcs upon the wet earth ; to worship the ruin a« I believed, thouoh there were somo hold a different opinion, and were ill-natured enough to attribute their "meek and lowly' roverenco to another cause. I did not contradict them, but thought it WUB a hard caso. If the showor did no other good, it laid the dust, and mado it pleasant for the fair ones, who generally pay us a ' flying visit' upon Sun d íy I blessed the shower if it were only for that reason, for they do seem to onjoy thoso ' Sundaya out' ride so much Thoy aro hko a bevy of Behool girls lot loose, laughing and chutting-oh ' so loud-justos though thoy had novcr bad a mistress to look sour and cry j ' tulenco'1 " WF noto tho following in the Maryborough Chronicle of last Tucsdo) -Captain Rule, a gentleman of extensivo mining experience, loft on Monday for Mount dura Copper Mine, nocoinpamcd by several miners -Tho steamer Eamont, from Svdnoy, on Saturday, brought 100 minors with ther families, all of whom aro from Yorko Ponmsula -fifty of tho coppor mi ers who amvod por lamont woro engaged and started on Monday for tho Mount Perry mino -Thirty newly arrived miners havo boen engaged for the Governor Blackall mino - The undermentioned applications for mineral hinds have been mado -September 21 David Daniels, 80 acres, copper, Doeilbo Run Sop tembcr2J W Ï M'Cord and others, 40 acres, copper. Rawbelle run , 1 rancis Elliot Salisbury, 80 acres, Coppei, near Mount Perry , O Frith I and D Daniels, 80 acres, oopper, Degilbo run , 0 Pnih and D. Daniels, 80 acres, copper, Dogilbo MB A-THTTB. MAHTIK bogs to call spocial iittunlion to the salo of thoso valuable allotments, situated in Ahco, Albert, and Margarot streets, to be hold in his Auction Mart, on Monday, 30th instant, nt 11 o'clock-[Am TJ BOMCEOPATHIO COCOA-Ibis original pie punition, which has attained such a wot Id wide roputation, ia manufactured by l'AYion I BuOTiiEiis under tho ablest homoeopathic advico, j aided by tho Bkill and oiporienoo of tho m vontora, and will bo found to combine in an eminent degree tho purity, Uno aroma, and nu tritioua property of tho fresh nut SoMiBiiB CIIOOO_AT_, modo in ouo minuto | without boiling The abovo articles aro piepaico, exclusively by Taj lor Brothers, thelargostman i facturora in Europo, and sold m tin lined paokots only, by storokoopeis and othors all ovor the j woild Steam Milla, Briek lime, London Ex port Olucorv Mills, Bruges, Belgium -[ADVT 1 MAHAVII._A COCOA-Opinions of tho Pi ess, -" lhoso who havo not yet tried Maravilla will do well to do so"-Mai mug Post "It moy justly bo called tho porfcotion of prepared cocoa ' -British Medical Journal MAHAVIL-A COCOA-llio Globe says, "Tay loi Brothers' Maravilla cocoa hua aclnovcd a thorough success, and supersedes over} other cocoa in tho market Entire solubility, u dell cato moma, and u raro coiicontiution of the pmest oloments of nutrition, distingui»h the Maravilla cocoa abovo all others Foi invalids and dyspeptics, wo could not roooaimoud a moro sgioeablo or valuadlo boverngo " 