EXTRACTS FROM DR. LIVINGSTONE'S SECOND LETTER. — A ? Dr. Livingstone's second letter to Mr. J. G. Bennett appeared in the Acw 'York Herald of the 27.th ult.', and a copy of it was courteously sent to the London papers. We select the most in teresting passages from it. The Slave Tkade. Speaking of this horrible trade the Doctor says :— 'Many have but a faint idea of the evils that trading in slaves inflicts on the victims and on the authors of the atrositi?s. Most people imagine that negroes, after being brutalized by a lon'g course of service, with but few of the ameliorating influences that elevate more favoured races, are fair .average specimens of the African man. Our ideas are derived from the slaves of the West Coast, who have for ages been subjected to domestic bondage and all the depressing agencies of a most unhealthy climate. These have told most injuriously on their physi cal frames, while fraud and trade rum have ruined their moral natures. Not to discriminate the difference is monstrous injustice to the main body of the population living free in the interior under their own chiefs and laws— cultivating their own farms, catching the fish of their own rivers, or fighting bravely with the grand old denizens of the forests, which in more recent continents can only be reached in rocky strata or under perennial ice. Winwoode Reade hit the truth when he said the ancient Egyptian, with his large round black eyes, full luscious lips, and somewhat depressed nose, is far nearer the typical negro than the West Coast African, who has been debased by the unhealthy land he lives in. Slaves generally — and especially those on the West Coast, ali Zanzibar, and elsewhere — are extremely ugly. I have no prejudice against their colour ; indeed, anyone who lives long among them fovgets that they are black, and feels that they are just fellow-men. But the low retreating foreheads, prognathous jaws, lark heels, and other physical peculiarities common among slaves and West Coast negroes, always awaken the same feeling of aversion as those with which we view specimens of the ' TSill Sikes' and ' bruiser' class in England. I would not utter a syllable calculated to press down either class more deeply in the mire in which they are already sunk. But; I wish to point out that these are not t3'pical Africans any more than typical Englishmen, and that the natives of nearly all the high lands of the interior of the Continent are, as a rule, fair average specimens of humanity. I happened to be present when all the head men of the great chief Insama, who lives west of the south, end of Tanganyika, had come together to make peace with certain Arabs who had burned their chief town, and I am cer tain one could not see more finely-formed intel lectual heads in any assembly -n London or Paris, and the faces and forms correspond with the finely-shaped heads.' THE TREATMENT OF SLAVES. 'I once saw a party of twelve who had been slaves in their own country — Lunda or Londa— of which Cazembe is chief or general. They were loaded with large heavy wooden yokes, which are forked trees about three inches m diameter and seven or eight feet long. The neck is inser ted in the fork, and an iron bar driven in across, from one end of the fork to the other, and riveted ; the other end is tied at night to a tree or to the ceiling of a hut, and the neck being firm in a fork, the slave is held off from miioos ing it. It is excessively troublesome to the wearer, and when marching two yokes are tied together by their free ends, and loads put on the slaves' head besides. Women, having in addition to the yoke and load, a child on the back, have said to me on passing, ?They are killing me ; if they would take off the yoke I could manage the load and child, but I shall die with three loads. ' One who spoke thus did die, and the poor little girl, her child, per ished of starvation. I interceded for some, bub when unyoked off they bounded into the long ' grass, and I was gently blamed for not caring to preserve the owner's property. After a day's march under a broiling vertical sun, with yokes and heavy loads the strongest are exhausted. The party of twelve above mentioned were sitting singing and laughing. 'Hallo!' said I,' 'these fellows take to it kindly ; this must be the class for whom philosophers say slavery is the natural state j' and I went and asked the cause of their mirth. I had to ask the aid of their owner as to the meaning of the word riikka, .which usually means to fly or to leap. They were using it to express the idea of haunting, as a ghost, and inflicting disease and death ; and the song was ' Yes, we are going away to Manga (abroad or white man's land) with yokes on our neck ; but we shall have no yokes in death, and we shall j return and haunt aud kill you.' The chorus I then struck in was the name of the man who i had sold each of them, and then followed the ?' general laugh, in which at first I saw no bitter- ! ness. Perembe, an old man of at least 104 ' years, had been one of the sellers. In accord- ? ance with African belief they had no doubt of '! being soon able, by ghost power, to kill even ' him. Their refrain as if, j Oh, oh, oh ! Bird of freedom, oh ! You sold me, oh, oh, oh! I shall haunt you, oh. oh, oh ! j The laughter told not of mirth, but of the tears of such as were oppressed, arid they had no com forter. 'He that is higher than the' highest re gard eth.'' ' AFRICAN- LADIES. ' Many of the women were very pretty, and, like all ladies, would have been much prettier if they had only let themselves alone. Fortunately, the dears could, not' change their charming black eyes, beautiful foreheads, nicely- rounded limbs, well-shaped forms, and small hands and feet. . Bub they must adorn themselves ; and thi3 they do— oh, the hussies ! — by filing their splendid teeth to points like cat's teeth. It was distressing, for it made their smile, which has so much power over us great he donkeys, like that of the crocodile. Ornaments are scarce. What would our ladies do if they had none but pout and lecture us on ' woman's rights' ? But these specimens of the fair sex make shift by adorning their fine, warm brown skins, tattooing various pretty devices without colours, that, besides purposes of beauty, serve the heraldic uses of our Highland tartans.' 