COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. HOVT GE0B.GE SEATON MADE HtS MONEY IN AUSTRALIA. Ik 1853, when so many eyes were turned longingly toward the land of gold, and every young man began to think he had any amount of money deposited in the mountains and valleys of Australia if lie could only go aud find it, a party of young men started from Liver pool with golden dreams. Many of them never returned ; but their friends heard now and then of prosperity, and again of adversity, and then they were lose sight of, some te reappear as members of the Legis Iktnre, bankers, or capitalists; others lost to mortal ken, covered up in tbe nameless graves of miners, or wandering shearers or shepherds, no word ever coming back to the anxious watchers who had secretly hoped so much. Among the successful ones who had returned after several years was a young man named George Seaton. He &13 not look like one who h«A weilded tho pick and epaae much. His hands were soft, find his complexion fair, as though he had been in s counting-house or some ' genteel employment.' Some of bis old com mies, from whom lie tad separated during his residence in Australia, met him with the usual question : * Suc cessful, Seaton ?' ' Yes ; reasonably so,' he would reply ; but they never got beyond that in his confi dence. instead or going into any business speculations, he loot his money on good security went to his old employer, solicited employment, and quietly took his place in the counting-room. He was very thorough in business, provided in the kindest manner for an invalid sister, enjoyed coriety in moderation, but was never known to tell a raining exploit. Every question calculated to draw him ont was quietly turned aside. He sometimes told, the adventures of others, but it soon bf came remarked that he never spoke of his own life. He evidently felt that this was all his own affair ; but the circle in which he moved and had his being, thought otherwise. Possibly he might have been spued the necessity of divuleing the secret of his past life, if he had not committed the fearful impropriety of falling in love with bis employer's daughter. Laura R&wdon; was a girl of great pride of character, no* vain and trifling, bat with a high sense 'of honour, and s determination sever to many ? man whose antecedents would not bear the strictest scrutiny. Among bermany soitors, Mr. Seatos seemed most likely to carry off the prize. He was quiet, dignified, and by so meanB stupid. Moreover, her father was well pleased with him; for on one occasion, nrhenthe credit of his house teemed in danger from a fir'n''1 panio in 1862. yo*if Beaton had, in the mast unobtru sive manner, offered toiglaoeja large ?am of money at his disposal, and V*d thus enabled the housp of Bsw donto meet the shook without even a shiver. Of course, when toe money iu returned fUttd, with generous interest, Mr. Bawdoa expressed hii surprise that Seaton should not speculate, and thai probably doubl* his means, with * fow'loaky strokes. -The quite reply was, I know too little of such matter* to risk my smell oapital, aud prefer slower pat Surer methodic* fain.1 ; * A. sharp business man too,' Mr. Kawdon Irasutrkad toOuunins, the junior partner. :? ''Bali ace|rsvsr iU ?elf, and has agreatdasuvf forecut I don't wider- ^ Btaod it alL He might become a millionaire if ho would only risk a little- itfi very odd. However,' he is a safemBU, and tiioQooli&liQBOBr.;* ? 'But there is wmething «tr»nge about him, Mr. B&wdao;,' Btid Onmminn. ' H« never tall* anything of his antecedents. The closest man ?lira.' : ? Oh, as to that, I have known him from a boy. He. mea in our hoase « cash boy, end from that to the counting-room, bet on he went to Australia, . He i* of food family, though hl» father met with reverses and died poor ; and I believe bo rapports an Invalid jjbter, . He Is remarkably correct ; I should B*Tth*t,;in these days, Is the strange thing.' ' £al« my dear air, I «m informed that he bat never been known to tell any living man what ho did to make his money ia Australia. Some of thaw' who orossed the sea with him say they hire tiled to find where be. was or what he wat about ; bat he ii secret as death. Indeed, I havofoeard hints that the matter mold not bear Bif ting to closely,' said Onmminn. Now Cummins was a young msn, 'and he Attended olubs and took his lunab. among fashionable people, and heard a world of gossip. It was thought he bsd views respecting Miss Bawdon, bat he was prudently lying off, trusting to his own advantages In oase he should not find any more eligible matoh. Still, he meant to keep the coast ole*r of ?invaders. 'lehooH be eerry to think ill of George,' said Mr. Bawdon, musingly. ' Of ooone you would. He has done ns a real favour; bat he may have had an eye to aotntthing beyond,' remarked Cummins, artfully. ? Mr. Sawdou has a daughter, a f aot we young men oannot fall to remember.' Mr. Bawdon was startled by this rude thrust, bat he kept an outward semblance of calmness as he turned to other topics, and seemed to ignore the hints of bis partner. But that evening Oeorge called at his private house, and as he oameinto the sitting-room with his quiet manner, and wt down byX/inra, whose eye* said more than her simple words of g^eetUg. Mr. Bawdon began to tbink that mitten might be more serious than he had supposed. That bis daughter was interested he oonld not fail to sea, and as her father, he was bound to know that tie made bo unworthy choice. He had not for a moment doubted George till the conversation with Chunmtai, bat now. he was on his guard. With much adroitness the father managed to take part in the conversation, turning it in the direotion of mining, land grants, squatting, buahr&nging;, &o.;, in Australia, but their guest evinced little interest in odv of these topics. Mr. Bawdon finally asked him directly of his own experisnoe in mining to which he briefly replied, that after the first few months In Aus tralia he had no experience, and then. It was only snoh as a new oham ought always to expect He hardly made enongh to supply the most pressing necessities of life, and became bo ill that he must have died, but for the kindness of another miner, who had got n. little fine flour ont of whioh he made him some gruel, and with goat's milk, he finally began to reoruit. That was the end of hia mining. Mr. Bawdon wanted to aik him what business he found then, but George had asked Laura to play a game of chess, in which the two speedily became «aile absorbed, -o he had to desist till this was over, and then George rose to leave, saving he had promised bis sister to be home at an early hour. Thus many as evening passed. Mr. Bawdon had become anxious about Seaton, for it was dear that Laura looked upon him with favour. In the meantime, Cummins was not idle. He seldom met Seaton in society, for the latter never allowed himself to affect fashionable life. But on many chance oooa aions he questioned and cross-questioned him of his Australian experience, bat without eliciting any infor mation. At last it began to be darkly hinted that a miner, known to have had large stores of gold-dust, bad sud denly disappeared from the neighbourhood where Seaton was suid to have been located, and all at once his name was connected with the incident in some mys terious manner, from susploion, It came to accusation, and at length, from hints thrown oat byOammtns, Mr. Bawdon felt compelled to summon the young man to his presence. 'Sir. Seaton,' said he in his most frigid, business manner, ' I understand that your name has bees oon nected with a very unhappy affair, and I have sent for yon to give you an opportunity of clearing yourself from serious imputations, if you can. I refer to yonr Australian life.' 'To my Australian life ? I see no cause for referring to that. It is a thing of the past. However obscure and insignificant I may^haye been there, I trust to your good sense and magnanimity to Bay that I have served you with fidelity Bince I came into your oonnting room.'' 'So one oan deny that ( bat the past of a base life oannot always be concealed, even by the most correct oonduct. I did hope that you might dear yourself, rather than resort to any subterfuge.' ' ^ ' I do not know that It is a matter of much concern to the world what I in my obscurity did for a few years. Doubtless the straggle was as hard for me as it has been for many another, and I am not over fond of recurring to it.' ' I have for some time perceived that, young man, and permit me to say that, while I deeply regret the necessity of the step I feel compelled to take, you will exonse me for saying that 1 am not willing my daughter shall be compromised by any farther association with suoh a character.' The blood left the face of George Seaton for an instant, then his cheeks burnt red. 'A sign of con soinus guilt,' thought his inquisitor. For a moment he was silent, then in a husky voice he attempted to reply. ? ? 'I had once hoped, Mr. Bawdon, to secure your favour to snoh a degree that I might have asked yonr permission to address Miss Rawdou on a subject very near my heart; bat I have seen of late that you regarded me with distrust, and without knowing the cause I have felt that it would be useless to approach you till your objections, whatever they might be, should be overoome. And now It seems that the ghost of my old life must rise to destroy my fondest hopes,' 'Mr. Seaton,) said Mr. Bawdon, sternly, 'how dared you, with a guilty secret in your heart obtrude your self upon a respectable and virtuous family.' ' Mr. Bawdon, I did not deem it a guilty secret. It was an unfortunate one, perhaps : yet at the time, I felt that I was quite justified in doing the only thing that seemed to stand between me and starvation. My friend told me to do It, and I felt his kindness too deeply to refuse his suggestion.' 1 Then you bad an acoomplise,' exclaimed Mr. Baw- dan. ' Ton did not oommlt the crime alone.' 'Crime? No. I told you I did not commit a crime. As to an accomplice, I do not think that is the name to give my friend who saved my life, and furnished me with means to secure my future success. It is true I repaid him, but he saved me at a time when I had no other friend to whom I could look. I am sure I have been gratefal ever since.' 'You perhaps wish to remind me that our house is under obligation to you. . I am sorry to be compelled to say that we have been saved by means of that money so vilely obtained. If I knew how to blot out and fully cancel our relations I should be glad to do so.' ' Yon cannot more smoerely wish it than I do, I assure you,' replied George, with more sadness than anger. ' To be so unfortunate as to incur Buspioion and displeasure where one had hoped for the most entire confidence, is one of tbe greatest of misfortunes. ' ' To he utterly unworthy and hypocritical is more tt&n; a misfortune, young man. It is adding crime to crime. However, I know that you have been kind to your sister, and in consideration of your fidelity to our interests, I will venture to suggest that you will do well to seek seme foreiicn country, where your career will not be known. You will excuse me if I make this interview final. My cashier will hand you the fall amount due from us, and with stately form ality he waved the young man from the room. George Seaton had long felt that there was some impending evil, bat now when the oload burst over his held, he experienced a strange sense of relief. 'I might havo known,' he soliloquised, 'that these proud Bswdons would scorn me, but then Laura was kind, very kind ; and her father would have been as poor as mine was if I had not tided them over — and sow what thanks ! If it were not for sister Grace I should almost feel like giving my last dollar to found an orphan asylum, and I would try and earn money ip some way that would not be counted a ditgnuw. And yet, it's only the notion of the thing. If only Laura woold not despise me 1' ' When he reached the modest cottage that he called 'home,' he found everything as bright and cheerful. as a loving sister's hand could make it Grace Seaton delicate in health, but strong ia the purposes of her iouI, was a woman worthy the noblest and best devotion of a brother's heart. The misfortunes of the family had wrecked her hopes, bnt they had sever made her bitter or selfish ; and since George had given so much for her happiness, she had' never been unob servant of his So, when he came in with the shadow of his great Barrow resting upon him, she was quick to perceive it ; far, to George, this undefined mystery was a decree of separation from Laora Bawdon, and all the cherished visions ef a happy future were now base less. Too delicate to express tier sympathy till he was ready (or it, she began to tell him of the sorrow of a very dear friend, who was compelled to go to the south of France to attend upon a dying child. ' How I wish George, that you and I were going with her,' said she, 'for, do you remember she is the friend who sheltered me when father was dead and you were ill in Australia. True, yoa then paid her' the money doe, bat nothing eon oanel my gratitude.' 'Well, dartinr, we will go,' said Geoixe.' ' Wlen doeshhesaar ' ? ' 'Only one day after to-morrow. But yon do not really mean it? You cannot go and leave Mr. Bawdon on«uoh short notioa, And then there U no time to get ready.' . 'Yes, Graoie. I am not now In. Mr. Bawdoa'g employ. My money is well Invested and we can spend a year or two abroad a« well 'its not. It ii really what I must desire, so please harry up tea, and I will ge round and tell our friend of our Intention.' ! . Graoie obeyed in alienee, for she trusted her brother entirely, and kmew that whttever the cause might be, heat last was free from blame. She had never striven to pry Into anything that he sought .to with hold; and so iw easily refrained from ^annoying iim with olunuy«ondolence -or awkward suggestions. Yet she more than half gutasedtbat he had asked ior Laura. B&wdon;, only to be refused, and her pitying nature made her tender of touohing each a wound. George put on his brightest smiles for his slater, and talked so oheerfully of ths journey that he almost cheated himself, «ron though he coald not impose upon After tea lie oalled upon Mrs. West, bis sister's Aland, to annonsoe their intention of accompanying her to Fnnee. While he sat with her unfolding hU plans, Miss Bawdon's oord was sent up, sad before he oonld excuse Uauelf and retire, the servant had ushered her into the room, and so the two met. George was about to bow stiffly and retire, but somehow he was arrested by her strange, eager manner. HU pulse beat quieter for the encounter, bat he tried to be very oslm and stately. Mrs. West was delighted to see her friend, who had jost learned of the ilbseis of her old schoolmate, and had oalled to send messages of love and little tokens of regard. And then Mrs. West had to tell her of her unexpected good fortune in the pros pect ot Mr. and Miss Seaton's company. Laura looked up in bewilderment. 'Not you, Mr. Seaton t lam sure my father would aot consent to that. He thinks no one could fill your place.' Her .voioe faltered and he thought her cheeks were a little pal*. , 'Then,' thought George, 'he has not told her, ana she still respects me. Yet he told me I was no longer a fit associate for her.' Both ladies looked at George aa he sat awkwardly biting bis mouataobe. ' I fear, Miss Bawdon, that yon are not fully In your father's confidence, for I am no longer in his employ.' ' That ia certainly a surprise,' sold she, suppressing as .well as she oonld the disappointment she would not willingly ha, ve betrayed. * Asd so yoa will sail the day after to- morrow. When will yoa return V ' I have no plans as yet. It may be a year, it may. be many yean before I visit my native land. I real just now as though I should not oare how long, if I could but esoape from the past.' Laura looked np te encounter a gaze that seemed to upbraid her, and yet was full of yearning tenderness. Mrs. West bad crossed the room for a moment, and Gtonr.e reaching out bis hand said, ' Laura Bawdon, I go out from ny native land, with suoh a ban upon me, that I fear your father will not let you even name me kindly. And yet, if you could know my secret, I feel sare that you would not condemn me altogether, even though you might treat me less as an equal tbanyou have done.' He clasped and held for a moment her unre sisting hand. 'Had not your father upbraided me with my worthlessness, I should have told him of my love for his peerless daughter, and my hope that she felt just a little kindly in return. But before I had time to do this, he poured out upon me such expres sions of contempt, and forbade my even senking your society, that I resolved at once to accompany our friend on her errand of love. May I dare hope that you will not utterly despise me, and cut me out of your regard.' 'It is all a dark mystery, bnt if you tell me on your honour that you have noi teen guilty of anything criminal or dishonourable, I will take your word against the world.' ' I have committed no crime Laura ; I have violated no true code of honour ; bat I cannot say that yoa would yourself feel satisfied with all my course. But should you ever hear ought against me, please remem ber that I was a poor forlorn lad in a land of fearful triaU and temptations. I did the best I could under the olrcumstanoes. Will you believe me, Miss Baw don?' 'Yes -George, I will believe you.1 He stopped and kissed her hand, whispering ' God reward yoa, Laura ; I shall oarry this generous assertion as a charm against all evil machinations.' George left Mrs. West's like a man in a dream. He now felt sore of Laura's love, gnu to leave her at this crisis seemed like shutting the gates of Paradise on himaelf,'and going out into a wide, desolate world all alose. But with such a secret hanging to him, slapped in bis face, pressing behind his back, and gibing him oontinually, would it be possible for him ever to bring himself np to suoh a social status that he could venture into the great world, and hold up his head as a man who had claims upon his fellow men ; nay, as one wh» had a right te aspire to Laura Bawdon. As he walked slowly along, jostled by the ever Btreaming crowd he heard some one call out, ' Hallo ! if this isn't George Seaton t How fares it, old boy ? You look a little trimmer than you did at Bendigo, but you deserved success. You stuck to your biz like a man. Never gambled nor got drank, and, considering everything, you served us fair, that yoa did. Never knew vou mean or stingy— always give a feller hU mugfnll.' And the rough miner slapped him on the back. ' Oome home with me,' said George. ' You cannot teV. how glad I am to see you, for there was a story that yea had been pat out of the way. It almost took my breath— the first sight of you, for I thought of your ghost. But this solid arm isn't very ghostly, is it ?' aud he put Mb hand in the brawny fellow's arm and marched him off to his residence. As they walked along, George said to his friend, ' For God'fl sake, Ben, I hope you will keep my secret. Nobody, not even my sister, knows how I made my money, unless some one from Bendigo has 'peached,' and I have sever seen anybody that I thought could know ; bnt I should feel dreadfully cut up if it should get out.' 'Now, Gsorge, old fellow, Ishalldojustas yos wish ; but it strikes me you're a little thin-skinned. If you hod mode it at euore or five-up nobody would ha' thought any the worse of yon for that; and by thunder if that's so I think a man needn't be ashamed of honest work. But all the same, my boy ; if you say bo, mum's the word ; but you know great men have had to — live by eating, ana I don't see as you need to be ashamed of anything you did. By hokey, I was proud on ye, that I were.' George had by this time brought his friend to his own door. 'If you please I shall tell my sister that, you are the man who took care of me when I was sick, and helped me into business when I Kot better. She knows so much ef my affairs ; more than that, please do not hint.' ' All right, my boy. Ben Hickman ain't come from Australia to blow on an old comrade.' George brought his friend in, and introduced him to his Bister, who received him as her brother's preserver. While they were chatting in the most delightful man ner, a gentleman was announced to see Mr. Seaton George stepped into the hall and met a 'gentleman' belonging to the Detective polioe, who politely informed him that he was wanted at the Station to answer to a very grave oharge — no less than a charge of murdering a miner known as Ben Eickman, George called to Ben, and asked him to accompany him on some unexpected business, and the three went out, leaving Grace in undefined terror. That secret of George's life, which she had never dared to invade — how was it effecting him now ? By a strong effort of her will, she maintained outward com posure ; but her heart was well nigh breaking as she recalled the incidents of the last few hours— suddenly discharged by his employer, and new called away by an unknown man. It could not be that he was accused of embezzlement. She would try *° wait patiently. About au hour after, she heard them returning, and nerved herself to meet the worst. Ben Eiokman oould not wait for ceremony, bat rashed in aud threw down hia hat, exclaiming, 'By golly ; beg yonr pardon, but George here like to ha' been tried for murderin' and rob bin' me ; and ef it hadn't bees for the tarantionest good luck he'd had to be shipped off a prisoner to Mel bourne.' Grace went np to her brother and kissed him on both cheeks. ' God is good to us,' she said. Then ehe shook Ben Hickmau by the band and said, ' You have been my brother's good angel more than once, it seems. May God reward you.' They were hardly seated again when Mr. Bawdon and Laura were announced. The old gentleman had somewhat unbent from his former stateUness, and Laura's face was nearly hidden by her veiL Mr. Bawdon cleared his throat by a few stately hems, and then remarked that he was glad to be able to oome and express his delight that bis young friend, whom he had known for many years, and had always highly respected, should have been gable to clear himself of the imputations which had, unfortunately, for a short time rested upon bis character ; and he hoped he would forgive him for having, perhaps too hastily, acted upon those suspicions. And now, would he resume his place In his connting-houne, and let things go on ia the old way ? Hia daughter had accompanied him as a sort of hostage for his good faith— that is, to show that he fully recanted some harsh words that be had uttered. ' Hostages are usually retained,' said George ; ' and should be most happy to accept suoh an one for all time to come. But I will not take advantage of your generosity. Before I go further, I will expose the secret of my life, aud then, if yoa and your daughter do not deem me too unworthy, I shall have a few-words more to say, for Mr. Bawdon is, perhaps, aware that In two days we sail for France. ' WiU nothing change your plans, Mr. Seaton V said Mr. Bawdon. ' They may be modified, bnt not materially changed, I think. But that depends on how my secret is received. Ben Riokmsn, will yoa tell these good peo ple how I made my money at Bendigo ?' ' Well, yes ; I reckon. It wasn't by killing miners and taking their gold-dust, and it wasn't by playing any of your rimes of chance. I don't think George overplayed 'seven up' in his life, . I'll tell you juat what it was. iHs nude his money by sticking to it rigfc* ««1 dty and Belling oikes snd «0ie tothe dig- gers. There, the blackleoret is oat I But he allers give us agpod mug full; and if sfeUarwai cleaned out be never higgled about hU pay. He dldnVxaotly keep ff ^J AatJ **»«?* U ever I got a cup of coffee that tasted better than t.«m I got & GeorS's shanty at Beudige ; and I maintain that he came honourably by kls moner ;' The result showed that even the proud Bawdoiut thought so, for Laura went with them to Trance, as the wife of the Junior partner of the firm «f Bawdon sad Seaton. 