SPIRITPA IIISM PUBLICLY DISCUSSED. * [From the Argus.] The' -discussion of spiritualism by Mr. David Blair .on the 6oe hand^ and Mr. John Tyerman on the etherf Was finished last evening, July 29, at the Independent -Hall, Russell-street J Somebody said at the beginning that the two Comimit^ees of three were at the close to meet together and foim a condition uponjthe subject. In justice to persons Who may tmnk they have a claim upon the time of the Cotnmitteemen for the next few years, it should be stated that the six gentlemen haVe no intention of even entering upon the'performance of the task. The attendtfice last evening did not' number more than 200 or 380. : Of spirits of the sort Mr. Tyerman believes in, who might hive been warming or cooling themselves at the gaslights, or of the ardent sprits that Mr. Blair (does not disbelieve in, which, if anywhere, would Of course be concealed in the cellar, we did not take any ac&Qunt.; 1 But Mr. James McKean took the chair, and inasmuch as it was an unusually taH. chair—ene that would have brought even Tom Thumb into prominence—it may be supposed that he from the . outset made-a great impression upon the audience, and commanded no small<share of their attention, if not their admiration.. Mr. McKean, in explaining that he had been asked to preside, said he liked the position much 1 better than the one -he occupied on the first evening, when he was-said to have'filled up a doorway. Several persons cheered Mr. Tyerman as he mounted the platform; Mr. Blair's ; reception was even more enthusiastic. Mr. BLAIR began, aad undertook in the brief space of two half'hours to leave no point in the investigation of spiritualism untouched, nothing unexplained, and nothing unanswered^ and to this simple and easily accomplished duty he at .once conSdently devoted'himself. He went back to the speeches of the f owner evening,quoted: ProfessorDeMorgan in full, to show]that his opponent had misquoted' him, by giving only Twl of a sentence. A private lettergram Mr. William Howitt, another supporter of spiritism, was read to •ehowthat he nad parted company with the whole of the English spiritists. The reports of the Committees of the Londob Dialectical Society, five out of six of which denied the manifestations of spiritual phenomena in the enquiries they made, were referred to. Mr. Horace Greely had been put forward oh behalf of spiritualism. Why, he had challenged the spiritists to supply the New York TrUnaie with English news of the day previous tol publication, end for twenty years his offer i of. 1 £500 had been unclaimed. Not one scientific, man in -England, 'not one literary man \ of any eminence, no man who had any reputation for intelligence, believed in spiritism or; did not scout it as an imposture. (This brought forth cheers and hisses in profusion.) TyndallJ Huxley, Faraday, Lytton, Crookes, Badcliffe, and a French philosopher named Arago, who examined one case thoroughly, were all hurled at the believers in spiritualism. They did not seem to mind any of these great names much* and the name of Sir John Herschel, of which Jkfr. Blair had made extensive use on former evenings, was not received with, reject. Latent electricity in the human' body, present to a greater jsxtent in some than in others, more than accounted for allthe table- turningand rapping in tlie world. Books which Mr. Blair had not onlyjread but reviewed—"Buckle's Civilization" and| works of that kind—were recommended to all who did not glory in benighted ignorance and savage fanaticism. To go behind science an^ common sense and sound reasoning was to go in the direction of thfe Yarra Bend Asylum. "Now for your i believers in' spiritism." Mr. Blair, who, in order to rive out the last ^ few sentences with full effect, was obliged j to bend forward .and jerk a dittte, now drew himself up to an -erect position, adjusted his spectacles, closed -his eyes, and - complacently Waited until, the aiidienro .had .become.composed and attentive. Home, who had seen the ghost of a dog and the ghost of a water bottle, in his last work, just come out by the mail, testified that he had swindled Mrs. Jane Lyon of £30,000. (A storm of' "noes.") Mrs. Lyon; at toy rate, said, "You swindled me of £30,000."' (Cheers and hisses.) -The book of Emma Hardinge,"the American prophetess, was the greatest piece of imposture he had ever met with. (This strong language set the'whole audience in motion, and . while some were stamping and others hiding, one spectacled listener, who had been tpssing about a. good deal in' his seat, concentrated a whole volume of negatives into one brief series of., .gesticulations.) Nothing, new,] nothing beautiful, had been given to us by Spiritism. If he (Mr. Blair) had not convinoed them of the absurdity of spiritism letus burn down our public library, our schools, and our university; let all learning, philosophy,' and science, Which we were, spending-thousands of pounds tjo scatter abroad for the benefit of the rising and'the adult population, be counted as sheer wast^; and let us all.go into darkened parlours and! listen to the wenderful revelations that the spirits would not furnish us with. Mr. TYERMAN rose with promptitiide, and was- greeted with applause. Those who preferred declamation to reasoning, unsupported assertions to well authenticated facts, might thank his friend for doing somethinjg for the cause of spiritualism. Mr. Tyerman then went back to-the Colonial M<miMy for the second time, to show that five years ago Mr.jBlair was either en the road to spiritualism or wks writing ^something which led people to supposehe meant, one thing.' When he really meant another. He then, in Mr. Blair's own words, asked, "Is it genuine philosophy, or is it only self-confessed' and, iairogaht ignorance that turns away -ftomtbe consideratioh^pf such facts and phenomena with the supercilious explanation of jimposture^ and delusion!" Spiritualists contended that' -there was.no such thing in the manifestations'' they witnessed as the supernatural-l-the phenomena were governed by natural laws. Then Reasons were given to show that the v gospel of the deadened brain" had been misunderstood. No purely mundane law would adcount for half the facts - .of which we j had undoubted testimony. . They did iot ' claim -to teach -new-doctrines so much a^ to press ood doctrines oa the attention of the world, f ive or ten 'minutes were employed in showing that the cardinal doctrines i had not been stolen ; they were as muchj common property as the .sunlight or the atmosphere. But the question was not whether -indmortality, the redemption of all men, &c.;, had (originated with spiritualism, but whether they kere true. As for the "contradictions," spirtualism did not claim to be infallible. (Mr. Blair iarchedhis brows, turned half round towards. the speaker, and^.tjien . looked expressively ; towards the audience.) A good deal of Mr. Blair's own argument had been "prigged." He then challenged Mr. Blair , to prove, by fair quotations from spiritualistic works, that spiritualists had put-forth one-half the so-called contradictions quoted; the other night; and to help him enumerated oply 40 volumes of 400 piges each. If these would-not i>e enough Mr. Blair could have the names of 100 more. (MrJ Blair displayed no wish for more. ) One of the! works was bv Emma Hardinge. and had been commended by critics who "would put Mr. Blair to the blush any day and everywhere. He (Mr.' Tyerman) at the same time undertook to prove far more contradictions in the works on theology or in the works published by any church in Christendom. (Cheers.) The question was raised before 'Mr. Blair opened his second speech, whether, as this wax to be the last night of the debate, there should be two more rounds or only one. Half-a-dozen weak voices declared for two roundsbut one emphatic "No" was sufficient to decide the question the other way. \ ME. Blair, in a few words, disposed, of the Colonial Monthly branch of the discussion. He had' amply stated what other pepple were believing, and challenged investigation. He had by this time investigated the subject-4-had gone to the bottom of it, and the conclusion was that the 'physical phenomena were the [effects of mechanical causes. The use of the phrase " gospel of the deadened brain," and much that bad been already sfdd about i£ .was again justified. Where did spiritualism begin, ]how aid it begin, and was there anything in it? It began in credulity, was earned on and fostered by deliberate imposture, and was' now sustained by ignorant and wild fanaticism. It first broke out in a " huddle" in America, amongst a family most appropriately named Fox. How it spread from the Foxes, and was taken up by various classes, for each of whom Mr. Blair had a severe epithet handy, was explained with as much clearness as timeandtheinterrDptions which 8®unded*Kke the Escape af .steainin puffs from a leaky boiler would permit. .Among some who ' took up the new religion were people who were uneasy- in their domestic relations, and grasped at any' means, that would set them free. (A voice—''"Where did you get' that?" From " Clarke's Plain Guide to Spiritism. (The Voice —"You didlipt,'). '-Cute Yankee printerslast of all swamped the market with " Banners of Light," and " Spiritual Trumpets," and the works that were printed by Andrew Jackson Davis were the greatest rubbish ever printed. A book which had lately appeared here was a piece of indecency and blasphemy from beginning to end. A pamphlet issued by Peebles had a title so blasphemous that he would not stain his lips by- reading Tt~out." This, of course, excited considerable curiosity amongst the audience, and there were loud calls tor the title. Some suggested that if Mr. Blair would not read it out the Chairman might. The Chairman looked at it, and said he should prefer to transfer the duty to Mr. Tyerman. Mr. Blair then gave out the second part of the title, " Popular Theology and Positive Religion Contrasted." Portion of the audience was far from satisfied with this meagre piece of information, but Mr. Blair was determined not to stain his lips. He made a quotation or two to show that spiritualism, accordingto Peebles, was opposed to Christianity; .showed that some of the new doctrines communioatedtp " J.S.f by the spirits were very old, and concluded with a fervid peroration. . Mri Tyerman contended that Mr. Blair had not advanced a tittle-of evidence to show that the physical phenomena had been produced by mechanical «auses. The scientific men Sir. Blair had quoted had never fairly investigated the phenomena!; the few scientific men who had investigated them had come to the conclusion that the phenomena were genuine, and that the spiritual hypothesis as to their origin was the Only one that covered the whole of the facts of the case. William Howitt, so far from having left the spiritists, was the author of the first article in' a June magazine which gave Dr. . Carpenter and his school a slashing castigation. It was not correct that five out of six ef the Committees of the London Dialectical Society reported against the appearance of spiritual phenomena. Here Mr. Blair's right hand dived into the recesses of his garment, and in another instant a printed document was thrust triumphantly before the Chairman, who examined it with some curiosity. Meantime Mr. Tyerman, heedless of the pantomime, went on to say that two of the Committees reported that phenomena were produced independently of mechanical agency. Mr. Blair had spoken of latent electricity. Would he ascribe intelligence to a mere force ? -Who was the most credulous now? (Cheers.) Trustworthy witnesses had borne testimony to the remarkable things done by Home. From first to last Mr. Blair had not given one well-authenticated fact, net one tittle of evidence to support the charges which he had hurled at 'spiritualism with such unblushing audacity. Granted that spiritualism was 1 .not a perfect system; the system was no more to be charged with the delinquencies of some who supported it than Christianity with the immoralities of some of its professors. (The audience seemed to be getting tired, and hisses were not unfrequent. Amid some interruptions one man near the door said, " Mr. Chairman—Is there any provision for turning out a gentleman who has swallowed spirits ?" Spiritualism was essentially Christian," and was hostile only to the dogmas which had been foisted on Christianity. They honoured, they loved God, they believed in a ueing of unbounded benevolence. Mr. Blair would not accept the testimony of witnesses to events of the present day, but would believe that a whale swallowed Jonah on Jonah's simple statement, and that Philip Was transported 30 miles because some one said so to whom the fact was reported. Spiritualism-' taught that all God's children, however degraded, would be finally restored, and had been the means of rescuing thousands from atheism. Scurrilous scribblers might try to write spiritualism down in the newspapers, but time was against them, and spiritualism would never be destroyed. \- A-vote of-thanks-was -given to the-twodisputants, on the motion of Dr. Richardson. A vote of thanks was also given to the Chairman. 1 The audience then rose to depart; 'one or two persons mounted on the forms with the intention of saying something, but the Chairman declared the proceedings at an end. Nobody wanted to hear any more, but the conversation as the people went out was about seances where halfcrowns were likely to be forthcoming in abundance, when spirits got into better practice and a little more used to the work that was expected of them. . - TREE-PLANTING.—The Bathurst correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes:—" From California, France, Algiers, Egypt, and several other countries we have intelligence of the great trouble Snd expense which their various Governments incur in planting trees along their streets and canals, on their hillsides, in their sandy deserts, and in their marshy wastes; and from them all we'have only the same account of how this tree-planting, whereverit has had time to be tested, has changed the climate, paradoxical, as it may appear,' acting with different effects en different climates,"rendering the .unhealthy mtohfes of the north and toiastof Frajieehealthy aiid fertile, in 'some mysterious wfey or other absorbing the siirpliiB moisture, and causing the deserts -of Algiers and the neighbourhood of the Suez Canal to ' blossom like the rose.' This town, owing te its exceptionally wide streets, affords gScuKaa* facilitiefffor^treet-plantmg; and as our narrowest streets are two cnains wide, two rows •of:Jtttees'could be planted in them all without ;in* the "'slightest degree interfering. frith the public, and this in a few years would well repay the cost in the healthiness and appearance of he plaee." " .1 A FINE BIRD.—The other day Mr. D. Brown shot on Green's Plains a wild turkey that Weighed 2?lbs. - • . 