THES TORY-TELLER. Hioi, -? W .ONE.,GUOST WAS LAID. .--,-73;i ,Br SIIRLEY BRoos?. (oFrem t1~e Chr.istmas number of London Society.) Sdi d not go and dress. I went down s:-tairs, and penetrated into a very sacred ?little room- behind the bar, a private-nook <:belonging to the ladies who managed t~he house. No one came beyond a com partment outside this, .without special leave. But I had been-favored with the p-i.jrivilege of general admission. Nobody was there, and I sat down upon a snug . little sofa, opposite the fire-place, and I suppose that I may as well write--sulked, although sulkiness is by no means my :abit. I was exceedingly vexed. Why .could. not Bella show the bouquet which I had gone, or at least sent two hundred ..-miles to fetch-four hundred, if you count .-both ways ? Not be made the subject of sremiark ! Most girls are glad enough to be remarked upon as eniaged. She had.made no secret of the affair, and had often sat by' me on the benches in the garden for a long time together. There was someother reason. Yes, thet must be so. There had been some new arri vals-men-I saw them at the table d' hdte. Louisa had mentioned that some acquaintances had been expected. - Pos \-- sibly one them had come because -Bella was here. - - I need not trouble you With the wild Sgoose chase for which I had now moiunted. :I daresay that hiost young persons have Sperformed that sporting feat in their time or will do so. The former don't want to Sbe reminded of their folly, and the latter will -not .take .warning. Onljr I know ithatI managed to make myself par ti: cularly detestable to myself during the Sthree quarters of an hour which I.:spent in that solitude. Snug! I used to think irtsobiut now I hatedit. I have an odd sort of memory, and, when I am out of :temper, external objects. fix themselves, 'but int a most disagreable way, in my -::mind: I perfectly well recollect every i.thing: in that oblong slip of a room, on one 6f the longer .sides of which I was. ?I rem'ember -that- opposite, to my left, was a::n old engrating of a Dutch baker, and t, heni' a photdgraph of a horse and chaise,; .;and- then a looking-glass,. and .then an o:.>ther photograph (of a lady), and a clock under which was a small curtain, conceal -ingshielves, and then an old- fashoined :mirro?i w':th balls around it; and then, _ passing a big window, there was on .the tright-hand wall a coloired print of a view :iin Ireland, and then a portrait of some i:marellous cow that had taken prizes, ajdrthe? fa print portrait of a provincial :niiotriety. Alt these things I stared at, .in iturn, counting them backwards, -and -;Tforwards, aund hating them all. -Then I '.went -up to dress, yet- net without more tihan half a mind to go to bed instead. :At this distance of time I cannot help .fancy!ng that my dinner had been indi gestible, or that some fluid had not done its iniflueice kindly-yet -our dinners and l;]iqiids" were admirable; I will say that -for Yorkskshire. -" -However, as-Ifound myself beginning .lto hate everything in my bed-room with . the same liberal spiritI had shown down ',stairs, I went rather savagely at my :toi!ette, and I was soon r'eady. Th?u t-.he ill-conidition (I call it so, as, I am w-riting for youing- persons at a serious s;season, but my feelings -.were quite ;inatural, and therefore justifiable) came ;upon me again, and I would not go down :- rstairs. Isat down and read the oldest -:book:I had got, 'Publio Characters for -41778,' which I had fetched from the :library in despair, One wet day. I read of·opeoplo who were somebodies in that. -year, and are nobodies now, and I pre -tenided to myself to be interested in the -iay in which Captain Sabine h'ad cut \- out some ]Malay pirates nearly a hundred ::years ago. I made notes of that exploit. All this while I knew, or at least hoped, that Bella was incessantly looking at the ballroom door, as the lady with the .1sweetest eyes that were ever seen-looked :for Camoens. I believe I felt angry with m' yself, as well as-with all other organic imatter, but relented into a certain satis faction:that the candle had burned down into the socket. Bella might be false, I .:might be jealous, but it was too ludicrous to sitin ones's bed-room in the dark. I -: had heard the music a very long time. 7"Asrfdr thatfirst walz, it had- been over m:,iorethan an hour. .Bella saw me as soon as I came in, and I -thihk that she gave one earnest glance 'to assure.herselfthatI had not been .ill '(she makes this statement), and then she .hardly looked at me at all. There were about a hundred people in the great room, but it was not crowded. The musicians Swere playing away furiously, for- they were in a gallery to which there is no ac cess except by a ladder, which is taken away when they have mounted, and they cannot get out for refreshment. I made. -the circle of the room, and I suddenly noticed that -Bella, Maria, and Lousia, had all got bouquets. They were little Sones, but very prettilly arranged. Three bouquets. Brought, of course, by one of the men-the friends-the new arrivals. SPerhaps by that tall, coarse, mercantile looking person, with large studs (hand some ones, though-of course this sort . of man can get what money can buy), \- who was floundering through the Lancers with;Miss.Grant. It gave me pleasure lto call her Miss Grant, to think of her as :Miss. Grant. But my soul speedily ex alted itself against such a humiliation as I Iad received.-' I felt - that more than .sulking was .required of me now. - It was ::necessary that I should be dignified. :Therefore, walking past Miss Grant, and tso near that she had ample opportunity '-:for observing my countenance (I did not ,:lmuch care about catching her eye, "somehow), I left the room. I retired to our smoking chamber, then entirely de serted, and having duly hated all the -pictures, and an old pianoforte (made for the late Prince of W?ales), I smoked a great many cigars very fast, and went to "bed M:--ydignity was in some sort ap -p-eased, but the sound of the music, :?whicheascended for a long time, did not \- exactly soothe my feelings. As I fell asleep, I fancieu that the fiddles were laughing at me. - I was dressing before I was called in the morning, and as my answer -to the knock that announced hot water did not prevent another knock, I went impatiently to the door, and the excellent and vener -able chambermaid -presented me with a n·ote. It was clear that she knew and approved my engagement, for she was no idiseriminate-carrier of billets, as certain indiscreet fhirters had -known, to0 their ; : -.! >-: , % : . : ,-.: .. : ? i:::': -'::.::: ::? -..:: ::7?,---S ;..' .::$.g?-::Ji;,? ::i: hiumiliation and dismay. The. note was very short. .7*' You'must be unwell, very unwell. Do let them send over to the doctor.--B.' ' That is a nice, . prosaic, businesslike way of writing,' said I to myself, in a great rage. If she had written, " I am in agonies until I can explain, implore," and so on. Send for the doctor. send for the-- ' But it may be thought by those who attribute bad passions to bad influences, that there was at least no occasion to do what I was going to advise, and that I was being looked after, very carefully in the quarter in question. When I got down to breakfast, neither Miss Bella Grant nor one of her party was there. This I was rather glad of.' I made short work of my coffee, poached eggs, ham, marmalade, toast, and the rest, and hastened into the garden-to read the.telegrams in the ' Leeds 'MePi oury.' These, which come ,{to :.us;a I Marrowgate theo first thing in the .mon ing, are all the news one cares foi there. I suppose the air is too~br.cihig to: eave:i 'u in the state ofb menrial health inc:-i one cares f(or mererpolitics dmurders and theatrical minattorsi :I-took upmypositro6 well in front o thIelo^tel w?ierei: (and anybody lwho tmight oin me) cou be seen from the (windows ofthe publicand: the private roomsi.. couldjnotquite axh plain to imyself -the reasonfo;i tlisieb cautioniary measure, pierhiaif;t ~was'ifnm sti ?ti ve :: ..... -.: . - : -'. -.: . ';: '-ot much more in *your telegramas than in mine, Isuppose,' saiimry cspeial fiend, Colonel Olevelaid wil,, o=a l soui'l isbu; jngated Indian provinces,: dand.looked, asI if he could do it agai, andaidvtl to tall ing much about it. ;Indeed il?aI'si.dme to say that I never k(new ofhis i greiat ex ploits, until I read: aboutltehiin histor. He did not spealk of^ithe buituspolke. great deal about mothswhihh s always collecting, -andpianii? ~t :-corkik in a sort of sandwitch b '-,e d said dthat:i they d(id not feel. I am sisre-he- though. they did noit,,or he,:wuld ne-:irmpaled them.:. :I - shuldh .'thini ththoy i e ferred being left toc litiiog"t walls ,:ithouti the aid of pins--but I know' nothing about -it.' -.:" ,' There is nothing, ColonelWill yo;-yu change your tory gazette for :nmy liberal Mercury. , ' You shall have the gazette and I hope it will do you some good in 'your- princi-i piles, but I won't have the bother.'-;Byt'fhe way, I did not see you. dancingiias?? night.'" " - -i;; 'I did not dance. In fact I'.?ad- a headache.' 'Those waters are too stroing,:thatli~ sJt They are strong. There's on. old -rhymef down here about somebody smelling theli; as he.was taking i constitutional fliglt one morning, and'feeling sure thatlhe wasg not far from home. Was it the., monks' that taught the people to be always mak-l ing aport of the enemy ? ThP.t does -.not seem to have been a good trade policy,; eh ?' ': But I was not at all inclined,, just ithe to discuss the education question of ,- th middle ages. Another morning I -couldi have given Colonel, Cleveland fifty storirs? on the subject. To-day I could; not re member one. ' I won't bore you,' said the- Coloneli I see your heaidache's not :gone? But we'll have a drive, you and Ioinly'inff .the afternoon, if you like. -Ihave he'sedithiat there is some of my huniting tohej done at Brimham Rocks. You won't mindiread-d ing, while I make my:bag?;".' :::-(: 'If I do not go to London, 'I ;will ;go with you, with pleasure.' : 'London be hanged! It's the best place in the world, but one gets 'tired- of the best places and the best people ::too. By-the-way,' said the :veteran, in thi kindest tone; 'it's an awful liberty,"; but we've been rather intimate, and ITn mold: enough to be your father.' Don't you b'e in a hurry to be tired of any good person.' Forgive that, and I'll never say anothei? word about it. Ireally beg your: pardon. ' 'That you shaa't; and l am deeply poh" liged, but--' B~it the kind old soldier was marchini" off, bawling out something about, taking; care of a headache. ;> - - -'.;c - .:' ' Th'en the affair has got wind already," said I ' And of course lie takes the wrong side. Those fatherly old -oldiers .alwayis do, and they ought to know better.:;.-;.. I went at my paper again, anld ith e mental operation of the proceding'night was renewed. I began to hate the para graphs, and the people mentioned ,in them, andinyselffor returning again, aind again to the same old news. Then ;I lit a cigar, and hadl scarcely got it intn:br ork when Mrs. Denison came up,, with iher two pretty daughters, all great allies; of mine in what I begin to look cback :upon as myo happieir days. They 'fairlyTisuir rounded me. ' 'No, you need not putyor cpiirr: o'ut; Mi'.Cornburi'y,' ..said iMrst ?'ieisoni'If. am not going to stand :h;eie' 4io i-'i thani enough to; tell you 'tha't Ihavi ea'grek mind never to speak to, oun3ain''' §|^ '-I.never will,' saidGrace:),enlson:^ ' And I eiver will' said erl'. sister Emily. " ***p^^iJ^^^^^^s^S^^ltyf ~And yet; i ITsp!tt:~'iite o~i~~f thsefeifl en aces, which wieire deliv:ered wi· a go:od:? feminineemphaslsis, it dld n ot seem ti?ion"o that -the speakeis werte ver~r y pin tl me. Indeed, as I now see matters : -wha right had they: to be dian:ily wit ie? But that did not occur to - we - then - -I seemed to have given peopla t~itle lecture me. To be sure, they did n:ot' know my deep wrongs. ' I-am very sorry;' I saidi :-: ' O, very like being sorry·,, said kiiiy Denison who was the more inptilivi? of the twain. It looks like sorriow t:: :O:;b sitting smoking in the sun, readi?- i " rdical newspaper.' ' A most excellent journal, Miss TEiily Denison ; and itis not my fault thai;the sun shines, I suppose. You made some remarks upon him for not shining tlhe day before yesterday when you wanted to go to Bolton Abbey, and ti'e yourself. out before the next night's ball.' 'I wonder you dare to use the word ball,' said Grace, sententiously. . Things are not to be done in that way, and then joked outof.' The- sentence was neither elegant nor explanatory, and yet I believe that we all unlderstood it. ' I am in disgrace, somehow, it appears,' I said. ' Yes, I should think that you were,' said Mrs. Denison; 'but as-I always try to take an indulgent look at things, I. hope something will be said or done to make amends. 'Now, girls, if you are coming to Bilton; come directly.' They went away; but I am :quite sure that if Bella could have seen the looks .' . [ '., :- . ,] --· . . : , :'" - ,,, ',i the girls gave me (espccially En ily) Mi~s Grant would have been altogether satis fled with her champions. I do not think that I am vain, or apt to set too high an estimate on myself, but my glass shows that Lam reasonably good- looking, and my income shows that I am reasonably clever. It may be that the Misses Deni son recognised these facts, and thought (especiallyEmfly) that a gentleman might make a mistake, and yet not be altogether shut out from feminine compassion and comfort. S (To Contiue.) 