HAMLET AND 'PEEPING TOM.' TO THE EDITOR OF THE AUSTRALIASIAN SIr,-I perceive in a contemporary of last Saturday that your old turf contributor 'Peeping Tom' comes out rather trongly in the crowing ???? with respect to Hamlet, and assumes to himself the sole credit of having found out that Hamlet was a great colt. Granted that 'Peeping Tom' discovered Hamlet's great qualities, I would refer that clever individual to the Aus- tralatian of November 4, 1871, just before the V.R.C. Derby, in which he çan read and swallow tho following and digest it if he can . I am still inclined to think that Hamlet, although h pulled up sore after his gallop on Wednesday afternoon. ?will «how his tall very consplononaly in tho raes, with MI« Jessie and Irish Kin ? as hit intermediate followers/ At the time this was written Hamlet was almost unablo to Taise a gallop, could scarcely havo beaten a donkey or 'F T,' himself, and yet 'Peeping Tom,' the paid turf contributor of tho Australasian, did not know it. Hamlet did show his tail very conspicuously with a vengeance, but at the wrong end But in that bounceabla letter of his, so characteristic of the man, * Peeping Tom' forgot to say that tho first tr» desert Hamlet before his lato victories was tho very'man who now claims all the credit. It is a fast that ' Peoplng Tom' was the very first to throw Hamlet over. ' P. T.' is a great man for eiving tipa and horsey advice gratis, and it is a fact ho cannot deny that ho prophesied tho day before the Leger was run that .T&v;'lln would win. Yes, sir, and tho good double he gavo for tho T.egcr and Cup was 'Jav'iin and Jav'lln 1' When Hamlet had won tho Leger of courso ' P. T,' turned ronnd liko a woatber-cock at once, and wont for Hamlet. If ' Peeping Tom' had done a little more out-door work and aacortalnod tho condition of horses for himself instead of trusting to hearsay and gossip ho would have been moro reliable With tho cxporlenca ho possessed and the opportunities afforded him wh'n on Tho Australasian of attending all tho race raoiitings, 'Peeping Tom' must have been au idiot, indeed, if he could not discover that Hamlet waa a good colt, but othors knew it as well ns he did, and as soon. But whr.1: did ho not know was mst what ho should havo known what he was paid to Und out, and his ignorance of which cost many a reader of tho turf columns of The Australasian detr. ' Pooping Tom' says he has roared into tho «hados ßf private hilliness. I nm glad to hear it, and if ho takes mr advice thoro ho'll rennin, for I can assure him that there are very few who now aro inclined to say, ' Peepine Tom, i'll follow thee,' slightly altering tho cu J tatton with which ho winds UD his bounce.' Yours, «c., HAMLET'S GHOST. 