AN AMUSING MISTAKE.-Ono of om- airia taur theatrical performers tologrnpliod on Monday last to a Monti in Sydney as follows:-" Go to Kirby's,' Pitt-streot, nnd got mo Ghost .¡u n Pawnshop,'' meaning for lim to purohaso a book containing a farco knowaby that name,- In Ibo aftornoou tho friend replied as follows:-"Cannot find such a pawnshop'; but forward ticket nuil money, nud I will rcdoom your ooitt," ho evidently inisUkrng tho word " ghost" for " coat," . Tho affair hus gone tho round of tho telegraph stations, and our worthy oporntorhoro is often asked "why ho pledged his coat. -Jjorrima correspondent of Gouî&urit; Herald. : TJIE ZAVISTOWSKI SISTERS.-The departure: of tko Zaviatowski Slstors (tho burlosqua actresses) for California (says tho Zytlclton Timesy has enabled tho Auoklnud papers to givo us n Httlo enlightenment as to tho manaor iu which they woro rogardod by tho young swoMs of Auoklnud. It appoars that .thoy havo boon pagnod,' nnd, picnicked ad libitum. Tho number, of prcsonts (says ono writer) theso girls have received from said fast young fellows must bo vory: groat. I nm told that a subscription list was openod for tho purpóso of imrohasiug thom a piano to wlulo away tho timo across ho PaciBuj but although tho young follows woro will- ing; onougk to pay for .tho pleasure of tho girls' actual socioty, tlioy woro: not willing to pay vory dearly for anything that would onhancs tho plcnsuro of their do parturo : consequently tho gallants who had put their names down .for..XS and LIO "called ,off/* at.tho last minute, nnd, tho young girls wont without thoir piano, It was porfcotly eiokoning td' soo tho crowd of young bloods that, wont to seo thom off, nnd.whokopt kissing their hands to thom till tho vossol was nearly out of Bight. ? '? .ni-'. . r, i SAGACITY ol' A DOG.-An instance has been lelntod to us, on undoubled'authority, of tho sagacity cf a dog., whloh, although it occurred somo'time ago, is noTortholoBS worth recording.¡ A mothor finding her « Î? .*,oy' ttcl>iMi"8* ¡Mo to toddlo, doing something Hint ho ought not to do in a : yard itt-which alargo Scotch Collie* dog hod n konnol, 'iidmlnistorod a sound slapping' to tho youngster, ' who, of ' course, ' squalled lustily,- Tho dog, boiug nt tho time unohaiuod, run up to . tho child, and showing his teeth at ' tho mothor, soizod tho littlo follow by his clothing, and dragged him into tho kennel ¡ and there ho kept linn until tho father carno homo, dofying ovoryono elsb to npproaok tho placo in which ho lind sheltered, tho child. -This 'Story has boon told us by au oyo-wltness of tho ooenrronco, and at, it sorros to show tho largo amount of intelligence and sympathy which Bomo dogs possess, wo havo given it as wo rooolvod it.-Bendigo Advertiser. ? ..<» .'? »u ' ? .?.>1> 