INFALLIBILITY AND SUPRJE MACY OF THE POPES. No.V. In giving the remarkable extracts taken from the authorised versions of the ritual books and offices of the Russian Church, ? we had wished to give an account of the Patriarchs of the first ten centuries, whose venerable names are so lightly abused by modern sectaries, and whose interesting nistory would alone suffice to demonstrate 'the supremacy of the Roman Pontiffs ; but it would be inexcusable to attempt such a subject within the space here allotted us. I With one thing, we. are struck in the his tory of the scbismatical churches. They I possess some good on account of their hav ing preserved some relation with the Saviour; of mankind. However, their virtue is not like that of the Church — the : virtue of sacrifice. 'Catholic virtue,' says the great Dominican, ' destroys pride in its germs, whilst Protestantism, in exalting private judgment so highly, keeps pride alive.' Let us take an example to ; illustrate this more, clearly. There exists in Europe an em pire which comprises at ?least seventy millions of souls. They are Christians, and only differ from us by ; breaking off from our unity, for there is but very trifling difference between us as to dogma. This empire contains two ; elements, the one civilised, the other bar barian; this is very conducive to its strength. The nation is naturally pious. However, with its seventy millions of souls, with its resources of civilisation and bar barism, and with its Christianity, the Russian Empire has not yet been able to produce a Sister of Charity— neither the Russian Empire nor all the Protestant Powers together. And why? Because God gave to His Church charity in a high degree.' Those without her union, and who dare not claim infallibility, canuot partake of the waters flowing from her rich fountains. ^ Without spiritual supremacy and infalli bility, unity would be a chimera. Unity is essential in order, to teach the truth. Find the true Church and you find infalli bility. The infallibility of the Pope does not mean, or include in its meaning, sinlessness. Therefore, it is not necessary to prove, that the supreme Rulers of the Church, who have made decisions regard ing doctrine have been saints. Nor does tihe Church claim for her visible Head on earth an' unerring wisdom in regard to temporal and political affairs ; neither does she proclaim him to be infallible qoricerning matters of mere secular science which are, met in immediate relation to dogmas, of faith. She never attempted to teach mathematics, astronomy, history, or any other branch of secular knowledge by yirt.ue. of \ any revelation or supernatural light. Infallibility relates only to those truths of religion which form the proper .subject- matters'11 of Divine revelation, — to; the teaching arid defining the doctrines of the fChristian religion. To do this, it is riot i necessary to : ;be immediately en lightened' by ; a supernatural gift of the Holy; Spirit, which gives a personal intui tion,' immediate perception, of all truth. Many persons through error, and others hoodwinked by prejudice, attribute to Catholics the belief that the Pope has only to open, his lips to give an infallible deci sion on any question concerning doctrine that may come up, and that every word is to be received as a direct revelation . from above. ..' No wonder that such misconcep tions should prejudice the minds of those who entertain them. They should know that the' Church does not create truth. Christ created the Church as God created the, world. Christ is still in the Catholic Church perpetually creating its Episcopate, and perpetually imparting to it the Holy , Ghost. But it is, as God is still creating the world, and creating the human race, by a continuance of the original creative act. 'Creation,' says Dr. Newman, ' argues continued government.' There is no new ' revelation, or new and distinct inspiration of the Holy Spirit imparted to the Suq.ces sor of St. Peter, but a continuous trans mission of the original revelation of ' Faith once delivered to the saints.' His infallibility is not in receiving by inspira tion, and teaching to the faithful, new dogmas or articles of faith. « It consists in preserving infallibly the Faith delivered to the Apostles, without adding to it or subtracting from it one single article. In teaching. this faith, in fit words, by which its true meaning and contents are expli cated, according to the necessities of different times, and in, opposition to the various forms of heresy by which it is corrupted. The definitions of the Pope are only applications of the original and universal creed received ' everywhere, always, and by, all, in the Catholic com munion. The Holy Spirit, residing in the Church, and acting especially through the Catholic Episcopate, centred in the Apostolic See of Home as the organ for ruling and. teaching, guards it from all errors, preserves it from defining anything which is not a revealed truth, and aids it to make, from time to time, such defini tions of revealed doctrines as may be necessary to meet and counteract prevail ing errors.' Acting on this claim of Papal Infallibi-. lity — the Catholic Clmrch shows this great result — unity of doctrine in all times and places. Beyond the fold of the Catholic Church, doubt, dissention, disunion, and a disorder which is continually becoming more chaotic, universally prevail. The following testimony is given in a leading periodical. ' There is still, in England, a great conservative religious party— a party with two vast separate aggregations, the High Church and the Evangelical ; but it would seem as if neither of these stood as high as they did some years ago. They are formed of men, few of whom hold a prominent place in the intellectual life of the time, and none of whom holds out the promise of hereafter rising to higher influ ence. The younger generation we might almost compaie to the sands pouring down the sides of the loose hillocks on the shore, and swelling the ever-growing mass of broad opinion below. The far profounder school, of which the Oxford liegius Pro fessor of Greek, is the head, probably num ber at this moment more of the rising in tellect of the time — the intellect which must shortly take the foremost place in politics and literature — than any other in the land.'* The explanation of a real doctrinal and ecclesiastical unity among the members of the above schools, to arise from mutual discussion is evidently chimerical. They cannot succeed in making a religion,' and they are powerless for controlling the be lief and conduct of mankind in relation to their destiny in the future- life. Another English periodical writer, a determined in fidel, though an able man, has forcibly brought out this point in reviewing the present state of religious parties in Eng land. ' Every religion,' he says, ' which ever nourished did so by the strength of a body of doctrine and a system of definite axioms. Nothing else could give unity and permanence to its teaching. No col lection of maxims or rules of life can last very long when deprived of dogmatic basis and common intellectual assent. The whole teaching and influence of every re ligion has rested ultimately and entirely on cardinal propositions universally re ceived as true. Nothing but such a basis can satisfy the mind of the inquirer ot give coherence to the social body. Moral prin ciples have been found to lead to strife when made the foundation of communities. They cannot be preserved from distortion through every character which receives them, and puts no check on intellectual superstructures which uterly overwhelm them. The moment one cardinal dogma is surrendered as uncertain or even as pro visional, the whole intellectual framework gives way. All the repose, the unity, all the permanence, which rest upon undoubted truths are gone. The imguided feelings, 'the variety and fluctuation of moral con ceptions, take their place in endless agita tion and discord. Such a work, indeed, undoes the labor of St. Paul, brought to perfection by the Church. It is not this which can bring order out of the intel lectual anarchy, around us, control the ?whole moral energy of the present, and heal the deep diseases in societies and states' t Significant and ;true words especially as coming from;sucli a source ! What govern ment will destroy this ' anarchy,' and cure these 'diseases'?' Not High Church, nor Evangelical, nor all. of them put together. They dare not present themselves and say, ' Listen and believe, for we are infallible.' And this is why reasoning has split them into pieces. ' For that which destroys everything now, 'remarks the illustrious preacher — ' that which causes the world to be floating on its anchors, is reasoning ; man no longer believes in man, and will not yet submit himself to God. 'Without a Divine authority there is nothing stable, nothing strong, but all is like the wind, which passes by and destroys. If society shakes from one end of Europe to the other, what is it which agitates it in its foundations ? It is not the sword which overthrows princes : the sword strikes against the sword, foice clashes against force ; when the powers of the earth have only to combat against force, they destroy with their armies those who lift themselves up against them. But the terrible enemy, that which destroys everything, and against which neither republic nor king can do anything, is reasoning — reasoning which has lost the counterpoise of authority and infallibility.' :« Why have the Gentiles raged ?'* Why has the definition of the Infallibity of the Vicar of Christ led to an attempt at per secution1? 'At this moment, the Church is everywhere stripped of her patrimony slowly acquired by her virtues ; the civil authority has withdrawn, itself from her; a new power, that of the press, has conspired for her ruin. Well, in the midst of uni versal change, the Church still persuades, and her astonished enemies, not being able to comprehend her existence, amuse them selves by prophesying her death. Like the dust which insults the passing traveller, this age, in ruin, outrages the eternity of the Church, and does not perceive that her immobility itself is proof of her strength. Elevated in the world by a pex^uasion of eighteen centuries, upon an antiquity of four thousand years, the Catholic Church is invincible because that which she has been able to accomplish everywhere she is able to do always. That which is univer sal is perpetual, as that which is infinite is eternal. For nothing can become uni sal in humanity but that which has a necessary connection with the natui-e of man; and as the nature of man does not change, that which has a necessary con nection with it is also unchanging. If & persuasion as long in duration and as widely spread as that which the Catholic CLrarch founded could perish in the human mind, it would be the same with human reason. What would a reality be if such a reality were only an illusion ? Yet she has never ceased to suffer persecution, not withstanding the splendour of her legiti macy and of her good deeds. And why ? Two spirits pursue the Church, and, ' con tinues Lacordaire,' 'will pursue her always : the spirit of domination and the spirit of licence. The spirit of domination could not endure the liberty which the Church enjoys, and the spirit of licence abhoi'S the truth, grace, and virtue of which the Church is the indefatigable aj-ostle and the heroic prop. The spirit of domination drives nations into ancient or modern Protestantism in order to become the sole master of the community; the spirit of licence drives them into yet wider revolt, in order to emancipate pride and lust, wounded by the mystery of the cross. It would seem that the Church should yield under the double effort which tends to the same end, and which leagues mankind against her by these two extremities — by the throne, and by the people. But, 0 depths' of the ways of God ! the spirit of domination hates the: spirit of licence, and the spirit of licence hates the spirit of domination. Y/hen both of them rushed with1 increased eagerness upon the Church, and already I'ejoiced at her ruin, they met suddenly, face to face, and rushed against eaoh other. A blind fury precipitates them one upon the other; they want each to reap alone the spoils of the Church, and their, reciprocal hate is increased by the presence of their prey. From time to time they pause and regard each other with astonishment, they feel that they want to be united to destroy their victim, they seek for themselves ties of kindred. The spirit of domination says to itself, ' Am I not the Father of licence.' And the spirit of licence says to itself, ' Am I not the Father of domination''? Vain efforts ! They hate the Church well enough to be willing, to league themselves together against her, but they hate each other too wel*l for any other hate to serve them as a bond of union. O justice of God ! make way for the justice of God. In an oasis of Arabia a lamb was feed ing. The roaring of a lion was heard, the King of the desert appears, he is about to, spring with one bound upon the defence less animal ; but lo ! another, moved by the same Irungei*, leaps from the other side of the desert. Thev regard each other : jbhey struggle, they tear each other ; whilst the lamb, safe and sound, feeds quietly be side their rage. The two lions, are the World ; the lamb, is the Chirrch ; the world is divided,, the Church is one.' , ? -» 