QUEER' THINGS. Tho following strange Tiohborno manifes tation has been related to mo by a spiritist of an inquisitive and somewhat imaginative turn of mind, and I may as well give it you for the consideration of your readers ; but I am no spiritist— not I, always excepting the use of tho term in another sense, in muggy weather. I think it right to start fair, anil, therefore I repeat that in the now hackneyed acceptation of the word, I am not a spiritist, nor a clairvoyant, nor a table, nor a fat woman floating in the air, and coming down souso upon a poor old credulous nose, nor a medium of any kind, class, or fraternity, but that of communicating this strange story, which may or may not bo true, just as my intelligent or speculative reader may please to tako it, and he has his choice— he has indeed. My informant hold a communion of spirits a fow nights ago, when the subject of the Tichboruo baronotcy was mooted, and elicited an exhaustive discussion, during which one of tho mediums, known as "Quiet Ned," stated that ho had had a Tichborne manifes tation, just_ after the arrival of the last English mail, and if the company were agreeable _ and liquor'd np, he would rehearse it for their spiritual edifica tion. A chorus of " Hear, hear's" greeted this kind offer, and all turned round on their respective chairs in approval. On "getting about," one chaii was noticed to be vacant, but on " Quiet Nod" preparing to open his mouth and bis manifestation, a shadow was known — not seen— known to enter the apart ment ond occupy tho vacant seat. It was Roger Tiohborne's ghost, tall, slim, lanky, gory, melanoholv, and in the fail dress uniform of an officer of the Carbineors — for all the world like Banquo's ghost at Maoheth's feast— it was indeed, ' Quiet Ned know of the ariel presence but beedod it not, aud began his yarn as follows : — "Tho legitimate hoir to the Tich borne title and estates was, in" his juvenile days, about ' as wise as Waltham's calf that ran uiuo nine miles to suck a bull' He grow up, however, as calves sometimes do, aud was educated as became his station aad prospects in lifo. A commission in the army was purchased for him (any fool's money could buy a commission in those dayB — now happily of tho past). Ho joined the Car bineers, and was put through his drill to the amusement of his brotherly 'officers and gentlemen. ' for ho was an officer and a gentleman too. " At length the larri kins of the Carbineers, always up to a game with the gallant recruit, put n donkey into Corn't Ticuborne's bed, and he — the cornet, I mean — was obliged to soli out, and leave tbo rcgimont. It then became matter of serious consideration amongst his friends and heirs presumptive, whether his mental eccentricities wero those of a fool or a mad man, but his mother's heart loved her boy. and he was shipped off to foreign parts.' " I shall not woary my readers by following tho spiritual relater through all Roger's pere grinations in South America and elsewhere ; his froqueDt voyages, his dissoluteness, druukeonesi, delirium, and Guilder-headed dissipations ; hut the first thing heard of him in Australia, is on board the Osprey, a three-masted sohooncr, from South America, in company with some unfortunate "toilers of the sea," who had been picked up somewhere between tbo Andes and tho Yurrn, the par ticular spot remaining a mystery to both relator and writer to this day. Tho hero of the donkey next comes out as Tom do Castro . (adopting an alias from tho Spanish main), a liard-np knock-about-haml, and subsequently a, butcher's aassistant (a useful hand, accus tomed to small goods) at Waggu Wagga, in LN pw South Wales, where he becomes the eluitn, boon companion, communicative tool, colonial mate of a born butcher named Orton, and it is here that tho mysterious plot is hatohed to be developed hereafter. Orton, a deep colonial hand, about llogors' own age— cool, cold, cunning, calculating — makes n tli'j rill "th c bush, as Wapgi !l,iCraiaCf»cotioualy tanned by intelligent nhers at bom- Ho learns toe early geographer of RogPr_0r Castro, na I life nnd In famtlj', bis claims, .hall now call inqinuatt.3J 'himHe£ jnt0 hi8 prn"P . ;ite3t memory and incident, of Cast'os m .,aperSl facts and circnm- persons, p knovw a3 much of Castro's st3-?COi;fo -tnd after history as ho did himself, jjrlylifo. (loal more f„r l„s dawmd memory, ni'lctl notcs. miS Tudoii a grand scheme; and to that halJ 8 ,1 L that alone, was the mateslnp of n?' everywhere and in everything directed. Ortonotery necossary to Castro's ma,1. ho was his familiar, his jsistonco , 0e kept his counsels, g.cond s -. tt0 replied to thorn, com- recited intervals with Roger's mother t'e'ohn resided in Franco, travelled with robbed with him, suffered with him, nnd h travelled again, until advertisements ared in tho Mi'lbourno papers requiring appeared o(the ,leir to theharonctcy and thftTof DoughtvcKm-Tiebborne. Two V thers supposed by the medium to be brother , P nomo upon tj,0 Bcenc "nto is no more seen, but one of the F1 tWrs lilto a trusty guardian, heaps up ei .raster of his lost and vainly sought l:i:1nToopanioa, lest his rights should 7, h, his non- nnpearanoe to claim bis and the dignities of his ancestral P . nnd thou again, as if for tho first time \- Bin life the idea strikes him of making mand dash— ono stupendoiu haza-d— T S might he worth the oandlo to -nrinte the rightful hoir and boeomo him- P if the claimant, in trust, of course, for his beloved friend. Tho brothers travel, I no as Tom C istro. tho other as Orton, re- lino iust sufficiently long m each place fhev visit to bo remembered, but not to be Silled Thoy part ; tho new Castro now commences operations to work out his play I Z : the time has arrived, and ho is ready. I 5 has all his wires in order, all his I Jtbons well iu hand, opens up divers I r.terious communications, travels again, I doubles South America in 1869, visits the I (cenea of Roger, Tiohborno's former travel, 1 nn his aenuaintances, makes more \ on hU own account as tho Roger of former | "collection, leaves his mark as such, for 1 fnturo Identification, and then< returns to 1 Australia, whero he lays his tram ready for I tbc tench, keeping quietly out of the way- | bat handy — for a long time, until at last ho I allow, his obsourity to bo discovered. His sclf-asBumcd identify with Tom do Castro is Ii not contradicted. Tom do Catros identity ') with Roger Tiohborne, of South America, 1 who was picked up at sea by tho Osprey, is admitted by the credulous acquaintances ol i 18G9, funds are provided somehow, the claim- !i ant is heraldod, his description and personal :> appearance (somewhat altored from the slim f! original of the Carbineers) duly announced, || the altored appearance accounted for (babies | alter so as tbey grow up), nnd with a face | and determination unparalleled in tho history |1 of human nature, this Orton not only deludes K himself into the belief, but he bolioves it, Ii absolutely believes that it must bo so ; nay, B he is ready to swear it and prove it by his H wires, his memory, his copious notes, hosts B of witnosses, anoomnliees, and relations. He H goes home, meets Tichborne's mother ; she B Joesn't know bim, liow should she ? She is Baa imbecile— doating, nnd is easily led to M acquiesce. Ho tell.s her that he is really the H prodigal son returned ; she kills the futted H calf ; Orion's claim is put npon the record, Btbe baronotey and thirty thousand a year are on tho cards. The game is a dangerous one, but tho stakes are high, and Europo I dow stands aiihnnt at the suoerhnm'an H audacity and ramifications of tho plan ! Poor Hhoser, tho lawful heir to tho baronotey and Hjeitates of Tichborne, now lies rotting in a bole, carefully slabbed over, in the Harid wilds of Australia. His hones bleach Bcol, for tbey are deep, deep down, beyond tbo Eiufeuuity of man to discover. The medium Bjtbinbs that Roger Tichborne of the Carbi- Hgneirs, was murdered ! B My spiritual iufarmant thna terminated Etbemiuifestitiou. The ghost vanished, he anl I induiged in a drink Ho said Soothing mora to me. X said Dothing to bim. BplTo looted at each other and parted. 'Now, K7 for myself, and in my own proper person, Kri'll vcutura to bet two brass buttons to a 'silver sixpence — nil-weight sixpence, mind 5— that the above extraordinary yam may or -may not be true, juBt as ray intelligent or speculative reader-may please to tako it, and ill his his ohoiee— ho has indeed. — Yours ifruly, BORAK. 