LOCAL NEWS. HAY PASTORAL SHOW. The Secretary informs us that Mr. Geo. Mair, of Wagga, has consented to act as one of the cattle judges. The list of judges now stands thus : —For sheep, the Hon. John Cumming, and William Armstrong, Esq.; for cattle and horses, the Hon. Thomas Hamilton, of Gis- borne, Victoria, and Geo. Mair, Esq., of Wagga. WESLEYAN. - The Wesleyans will open their New Church on Sunday week. On the Tuesday following there will be a tea meeting at which Mr. D'Archy will preside. (See advertisement.) HAY MUNICIPALITY, - The general com- mittee are to meet to-morrow night, (see advertisement.) LONDON WOOL SALES. - We are informed that Mr. Colin W. Simson's locks and second pieces from last clip, scoured by Mr. H. G. Lomax, Goondarin, brought from 1 11d to 2s 4½d per lb in London. The same wool if it had been sold in the grease, would not have brought more than 6d per lb in London, and the cost of carriage would have been greater. GHOSTS! - We give the correct narration of what a neighbouring squatter saw at Beabula Point about twelve years ago ; he was camped there with cattle — during his watch at night, the moon being bright at the time, he saw a man dressed in black coming round close to the cattle, which strange to say, took no notice of the man — he walked up to the camp fire and stood with his back to it. Our friend spoke to him, but receiving no answer, went towards him, when the figure disappeared. MEETING OF CREDITORS. - Mr. Breheny called his creditors together yesterday; he offered 7s 6d in the £. The meeting appointed Messrs. Warby and Higgins to audit the books and report to-morrow. MR. HYDE'S SCHOOL. — There was a speech night at this school on Friday last. The scholars who read and recited acquitted them- selves well, and shewed considerable improve- ment since the previous display about six months ago. ESCAPE. - While John Cowan was being conveyed to Deniliquin gaol, he managed to escape from the coach. Land Selection, June 20. — Thomas Palmer selected 80 acres on Canoon run. Arrest. — An arrest was made by the police on Suuday last which shows the activity of our local force. Mr. Lenning, an innkeeper in Hay, reported in the morning the loss of a pair of blankets; the police started in pursuit, without any clue whatever, but from the knowledge acquired by watching the movements of the class, they dl'OOned unon their msm hfmvo -m Knnv liafl elapsed. The prisoner turned out to be an old offender, who had just done six months at Deniliquin gaol for larceny. Trooper Gallagher was the arresting constable in this instance. | Fire. — Mr. Pearce, P.M., held a magisterial enquiry on the 21st instant (last Friday) at the site of the Nine-mile public house, burnt down the same morning. George Barnes, the proprietor, testified : that he was woke up about half-past five in the morning, the place being on fire ; the fire appeared to commence under the floor at the bar door ; Wilson, a lodger, and Mrs. Barnes brought water, which he threw on the flames, but they could not be suppressed ; they then attempted to save the things, and got as much out as possible ; the house is insured for 500/, fhe furniture for 150/, and the stock for 150/ ; he bought the place- from Mr. John Taylor, and has 500/ still to pay him ; the insurance to that amount will go to Mr. Taylor, the remainder to witness. Henry Wilson, lately employed at Nyingav, gave corroborative evidence. The P.M. found that the place had been set on fire, but by whom it did not appear. The people of \ ass have commenced to apply de novo for a Municipality; on 17th inst they adopted a fresh petition. [ Rev. Mb. Hamilton begs to acknowledge with thanks, the receipt of O I from Thomas Patterson, Esq., of Ulonga, as a subscription to the building fund of the Presbyterian Church. Hay Hospital. — Weekending June 25th. Admitted 1 ; discharged 0 ; died 0 ; remain ing in Hospital 13. Hay Gaol. — This disgrace to civilisation contained this week six male prisoners and one female ; the males are all huddled in a cell, about 8 feet by 10 feet, which is simply cruelty to the prisoners. Our Court-house is slowly subsiding, and we may expect to see it tumble down soon. We have hopes that the present Government will see to this pressing requirement. Hay Bridge. — Mr. Franklin has made a beautiful model of our new bridge, showing all the parts cut to a scale, also the turning of the central section on the main pier. Like all that Mr. Franklin does, it is very artistic, indicating the hand of a master in design and finish. Dead Body Found. — Captain Eandell during his trip up, found the dead body of a man floating near Maude, on the 17th instant. There were no marks of violence on the body which was interred at IMaude; the description is as follows : — about 40 years of age, oft Gin in height, small tuft on chin, no whiskers or moustache, stout build, dark complexion, crown of head bald ; be was dressed in mole skin trousers, shepherd's plaid vest, small checked cotton shirt, woollen socks, no boots. The only article found on the body was a small pocket compass. If any of our readers recognise the description, thc-y are requested to communicate with the police at Hay. Tichborne Claimant. — Joe Madden, the horse trainer, who is now in this town, rode the mail between Hay and Wagga, along with Tom Castro for some two years. Madden's opinion of him is that he is Tichborne. They used to meet and sleep in the same hut one night a week. At that time Castro had a silver drinking flask, with the initials or name of R.C.D. Tichborne engraved on it, and a crest, which Madden has drunk out of. Once a man, shorter than Castro, came to the hut, and enquired for Castro, and they recognised each other, and Castro told Madden that the man was called Arthur Orton — the hair of the two was within a shade of the same colour. Madden was seen by Mackenzie, the agent for the defence, while in Australia, whom he told that Grton and Castro were different in dividuals. We understand that afterwards Mr. Mackenzie abandoned the theory that Castro and Orton were identical ; if ever he did so the theory must have been re-adopted, as tiia averment that Castro is Orton, seems the most crushing point against the claimant. Fire. — The Nine-mile Public-house was burned to the ground on Friday morning; last. Both buildings and furniture, are, we have been told, fully insured. Tenders are wanted for the lease of the Government tanks and wells on the road between Booligal and Wilcannia. (See advt). Tenders are wanted up to 16th prox. for erec tion of a Court and Watch- house at Wil cannia. It is notified in the Gazette that general theatrical licenses to travelling performers will not be issued in future. Boukke Ferry. — Tenders wanted by tbe 18th July ; see Gov. Gazette of 18th June. Flood. — All claims against the late Joseph Flood, of Narrandera, are to be sent to Edward Flood, Sydney, by 1st July. Sale of Leases of Runs. — There are 28 runs in the Albert, Clarence, Darling, Lachlan, Murrumbidgee. Warrego, and Wel lington districts to be sold at Sydney on 22nd July, varying in area from 13,000 to 640,000 acres, at rents from 10Z to 100/ : the par ticulars may be read in the Gazette, page 1583, at our office. Permissions to Purchase. — L. M'Bean 44 a, Woorooma: .T. J, Phelps 820 a, Albe marle ; H. Darlot 320 a, and 316 a, Bundy ulumblah ; F. and K- Brodribb 40 a and 40a, Wanganella. block B. List of Unclaimed Letters lying at the Hay Post Office, for the week ending- June 25th : — G. Aspinall, Mrs Biggs, W. Boyd, J. Bruton, J. Crispen, A. Campbell, R Cassin, (2), Mrs. Da vies, D. Gibbons, S. Grant, Ed ward Hames, W. Herbert, F. Hardy, L. Joseph, J. Kennedy, John Keating, W. J. Murphy, Jas Mackay, R. Mason, Donald m' Leod, William Nordus, A. B. Neilson, W. C. Oltham, John Page, Joseph Page, James Herriott, W. Ray. John Rechain, John S. Smith, Mrs. Spence, W. Sinclair, John Smith, James Tregurtba, (2, 1 registered), Mrs. Thornton, Mrs. Tindall, S. Taylor, J. S. Warner, F. W. Woodhead, John White. Postage and Stamps on sale, R. S. Arnott, Postmaster. The Hivee D ah ling. — Contrary to general expec tation the late rains have not caused o rise in the river. It is falling now and on Monday was only about one inch higher than it was before anv change had taken place in ihe weather. — Central Australian. 