ANSWERS TO PROBLEMS PUBLISHED APRIL 13. 1,54(3. Challenge Problem, containing a secret under cover of the (K)night. "A Chessplayer," writing from Woodside, April 22, has been the first to extort from this formidable ghost of a problem "the secret of his prison-house" as follows:—" Ellen E., esteemed beyond all compare, one dewy eve heard by me her love revealed." 1.549. Solutiones ^Enigmatis.— " Condere si vinum tuto vis" utile wis est, ^Et iiis incensum saepe olet ara Dei. Instes et est pontus, terrarum vastus etorbis, 1 as hoc, ins illud, vastus utrumque dabit. 0\. E. J. C. Si tibi sint uvie, capiat vas fictile vinum; Suaveolens implet fumo tus templa Deorum: Oceanus vastus terraj circumfluit orbem. CLERICUS. 1.550. Charade, by O. 0. E.—Repast.— Correct answers by E. J. C., Anonymous,: Musigma, 1.551. Numbered Charade, by G. W. Anthony—Alexander.—Correct answers by E. J. C., M. Green, Miss F. C., O. O. E„ Wm. Fox, C. -J. Ellershaw, Libra, W. C. Oliphant, Caroline V., Joseph Warner, H. C., Beta, C. S., H. W. Strangways, G. Fahlbusch, Musigma, Tim Finnigan, F. W. Niesche, J. D. W. Hindmarsh, A. J. E., Henry Ellersliaw. 1.552. Six Scotch Proverbs, by A. L. Calder. — 1\. Dinna gut your fish tell ye get them. 2\. Do as the lassies do; say, na and tak it. 3\. Dogs and bairns are aye fond o' fools. 4\. Dinna meddle wi the Deil an the Laird's bairns. 5\. Dinna touch him on the sair heel. 6\. Do weel an doubt nae maudo ill an doubt a' men (Amen). —Correct answers by E. J. C., Libra, Beta, Anonymous, Musigma, G. W. Anthony. 1.553. Six Postal .Towns enigmatically expressed, by .Lex.—1, Alma; 2, Angle Vale; 3, Auburn; 4, Brighton; 5, Penola; 6, Port Augusta.—Correct answers by E. J. C., M. Green, O. O. E., Miss F. C., Mrs. Fox, C. J. Ellershaw. W. C. Oliphaat, Joseph Warner (5), C. S. (5), Beta, H. W. Strangways (5), Anonymous, Musigma, G. W. Anthony. 1.554. Algebraical, by John Prior.—The numbers sought are 20, 5, 12, and 8.— Correct answers by E. J. C., Libra, O. O. E., Joseph Warner, C. S., H. W. Strangways, Musigma, F. W. Niesche, Zero, Kapunda. 1.555. Arithmetical, by Arcanum.—The reservoir would run -empty in 163 years, 76 days, 23 hours (reckoning 3G5£ days = 1 year).—Correct answers by E. J. C., M. Green, Wm. Fox, libra, C. J. Ellershaw, Beta, G. Fahlbusch, Musigma, Zero, Eapunda. 1.556. Financial Arithmetic, by R. S. K.— It was required to find the present value of a Government bond for £100, having 32 years to ran, and bearing interest at £5 per cent., and the rate of interest actually paid; the 6 per cent, bonds, having 38 years to run, realizing £114 lis. R. S. K., who appears to have made the subject his special study, gives £98. Is. 6fd. as the value of the bond, and £5 2s. 5-id. per cent, as the rate of interest actually paid. The .only other anbwezs received that are even approximately correct are those of J. C. Hansen and J. W. H. Eullett. We cannot find space for the elaborate details furnished by them, but as the problem involves a great deal of labour, and is at the same time of so mach| importance in its bearing upon the value of Government bonds, we have much pleasure in furnishing the subjoined general formula, kindly iurniBhed by Mr. J. C. Hansen. A similar ; problem ' was' sdlfrnitted to the Actuaries of Melbourne by the Victorian Government a year or two ago, and its solution appears to have given them ;a ; good deal of trouble. Mr. Hansen says:— Three different payments will come undfcr our consideration—1st, the sum A paid by the buyer in cash for his bond; 2nd, the amount of the annual payments of premiums (£ a per year) for n years; and, 3rd, the final payment of £100 per bond after the lapse of n years. In reducing these three sums to their present cash value we will represent the unknown rate of interest by p per cent. Then ( Present value of") ( Present value of < annualpayments V -J- < £100 payable = A I of £a each J ( after a years )- That is— 100 ( / 100 \ p [ \100 + p } j = A From this formula the value of p is to be deduced, and, if known, it may easily be applied for finding the present value of other bonds. With regard to the pre • ent problem, as A == 114-55, a = £6, n = 38 years, we obtain p = 5 123 per cent. And for this second question, assuming a — £5, n = 32 years, but A unknown, the same formula gives, as 5'123. A = £98 085 = £98 Is. 8|d." Mr. Hullett,. by an independent process of his own, deduces the present value of the bond at £96 7s., and the rate of interest at £5 2s. 5Jd. per cent, as above. NOTES AND CORRESPONDENCE. The new problems, &c.;, sent by the following contributors are acknowledged with thanks:—Zero, Musigma, C. H., Hugh Fleming. The following was received too late for publication last week :— 1,534. Interpretatio.— Jaccus cum GIM properabant scandere collem Intenti situla tollere fontis aquas. Va! cecidit Jaccus, tutudit quoque verticis ossa, Incauta et casu Gilla secuta pari! V. D., Mount Barker. QUIPS AND CRANKS.—No. XLV. POETICAL LETTER. Dear Bel—A picnic, they tell me, makes heaps of fun, and staid old fogies seldom face it. The kind of picnic that I deem best is one with pretty girls to grace it. Good Friday last I meandered forth, bound for a picnic quite as jolly as any of the kind I ever knew in my former life of fun and folly. The ladies were cheerful, young, and fair, and set my susceptible heart in a quiver. 'Twas a water excursion (ever the best), bound from the Port down its beautiful river. Boats we had, in number three, two showy and neat, and the other roomy ; and not a shade in the morning sky displayed a sign of a nature gloomy. But oh! such painful puns were made, such feeble jokes of an aspect hoary that I had to take to the bottled beer, or I'd ne'er have lived to relate the story. We came to the landing-place at last, and the way to the shore was wet and muddy. I saw the victuals and drink ashore, making their care my peculiar study ! But the greatest fun in the whole affair was bearing the ladies, so young and blooming, across to shore o'er an ocean of mud, in a laughable fashion, worth resuming—their silky curls drooping o'er your face, and their clinging arms your neck embracing (though the slipp'ry mud spoilt the step of grace), and each had to look to his forward pacing, and then came the music of clattering plates; the cheerful sound of the bottles popping. Regardless, we of all future fates with the shower of puns around us dropping. One party with keenness beyond compare slipped off in a boat just for quiet flirting. Two or three ladies, with faces fair, made good use of their time, I am roundly certain. Boating gives rise to a heap of fun, and mirth e'er attends marine excursion. I know of no pleasure trip under the sun .surpassing this popular kind of diversion. We meandered back at the close of day, pulling four paddles in. townified fashion, and I, with the cheerful mistakes I made, received a share of amused compassion. We reached the harbour with speed and ease, and landed the ladies and all the cargo. I hope and trust that such goods as these will never be placed under strict embargo. This ends my letter to you, dear Bel, and closes at present my occupation. I fear if I write any more 'twill tell a tale of a misapplied vocation. I've made this somewhat short you see, but then you know I'm somewhat hurried, and that a person should never be, because it makes them sort of Hurried. And now I say good-by, dear Bel, because my wits are nigh expended; I hope that you and all are well. Thank goodness, now my "letter's ended. ' OLIO. 