GENERAL USE OF AUSTRALIAN MEAT. During the last 30 years, while the popula-<*> tion of these islands has largely increased in numbers and in wealth, the price of meat has gone up in a much greater ratio. In 1840 beef and mutton were commonly sold retail at 4_ to 4.3. a pound "all roand," whereas in the same localities and on the same terms, they ore, in 1871, 93. and 9_i, Now, the hitter pric_ are completely probibitory of these articles of diet to all the working pop—ation who— weekly wages are less than £1 a week; and thus the whole of the agricultural laborers of Groat Britain, together with all tho _n_il_d artisans of om■ cities and towns, are at once deprived of thom. The inoreass of ™e wages of skflled workmen during the same period no donbt enables thom to obtaina small quantity of animal food, but not nearly so much as u required for health; and hence we ate not surprised that the importation of cooked meat from Anstralia in sealed tins is considers A a boon by those who have studied the wants of their power neighbors. It is for our present purpose unnece—ary to investigate tiie eat—es of the rise in price t« whioh_ we allude. The fact that it has taken place is undeniable, and what we have to deal with is the best means cf meeting it At a recent meeting of the Dorchester Farmer.' C—b the subject was brought forward by Mr. Genge, and wa are glad to find thst it was treated in a sensible. manner by nearly all those who took part in the disci—don. As pro—cere of meat, the mem bers might naturally desire to prevent any com petition which would be likely to reduce its prise: bnt, whether from prudence or philan thiophy, this coo—e was not taken, and, while admitting the value of the Australian meat, the discussion was chiefly confined to the practical question—"Oan we not augment our own pro duct—n I" Oan we, by high and liber— farming, by growing heavier crops of roots, and by con suming more com and oil cake on our laud, enable it to carry more stock, and make a larger retain in beef mutton, and pod.?" Bullocks and sheep..' Mr. G_gc asserted from recent experience, could be fattened on a less quantity of roots, in conjunction with straw, than we had pre viously been in the habit of giving them. Con sequently more animals esn be kept, snd a greater quantity of manure produced, by the adoption of improved metno— of farming. Statistics were gone into showing the great in crease that had of late years taken p—co ii foreign importations of food, and the Dorset shire farmers, aooording to Mr. Genge, are pro pared to do their best _ trying to add I—_e"y to the meat supply of the kingdom. Bat, while it is satisfactory to find (hat British agriculturists welcome the introduc tion of meat from —Lost—Ha as well aa from other oonntrie t, and that they are devising means for increasing the supplies of animal food at home, it most not be forgotten that in the meantime millions of our fellow-creatures are deprived of these necessaries of lif a, unless they will oemsent to throw away prejudice and resort to the imported meats offered by the Aus—lian Comp-U—a, H_._ig tasted them, we are struck with surprise that they are not purchased with avidity by all who hare suf ficient money at command for that purpose, but not enough to enable them to put "Bnglish meat on their tablet. Nev=rtheless, knowing —s we do the peo—uxitiea of ourf _tlow-e?—ltry men, we believe some time will elapse before the Australian tins will be commonly seen iu our villages aad the back B-eets of our towns. At present a large part of the demand—which is, weare told, greater than the supply—is for experimental purposes among the middle cl__ea of society; and we have yet tb learn thst Aus tralian meat has anywhere been willingly ac cepted as a regular article of diet among the —Soring population of England. How to effect this without unnecessary delay is a problem whiesh has still to be solved, and to the solution i at present we do not see our way.— Field. The " Hauhi__> Houses" r_ Etampohd —B_3. LohdoK.—A great deal of public in terest and comment has been created for a long period owing to the very extraordinary pro ceedings in refarenee to a number of huge and valuable houses in Stamford-street, Blackfriars, Snowh—, Newingtan, and other parts of Lon don having, for a period extending now to nearly half a century, been allowed to remain empty, and suffered to go into a ruino_ state, the rental value of thelprof—ty being many thousands per -nnnm_ one honse in Stamford street alone, at the corner of Hatfield-b-eet, which waa formerly let fer £100 per annum, having been allowed to remain empty for more than 40 years. The various premises were generally known as the " Haunted houses," aad crowds have collected occasionally round the houses, particularly in Stamford-street, npon the report that a "ghost" had been teen walking abont some of the rooms. The rexl history of the extraordiniry matter appears to be this. The property in question originally belonged to a highly respectable solicitor named Beed, a man possessed of a huge fortune, and he, from a mere whim, determined not to let any portion of this property. Hie died eome five-and-twenty years ago leaving, it is said, strict injunctions to his widow to carry out the same courte. His directions were religiously obeyed, and at the death of the widow the same injunc—ons were givj— to the daughter, who cm—ed out the same course of proceeding until her death, which took place recently rather suddenly ; and. by tius event, the extraordinary condition of affairs in relation to this property wiU, in aU probability, now bo c_-ged, aud the estate will be put to some useful purpose. The habits of the deceased lady were most penurious. She redded in one of the houses in St—_ord street, her only establishment consist—g of one old woman; and the rer-i -denoe of the "old miser," as eh: was generally termed, conld easily be recognised by its dirty and dilapidated appearance. Periodically the two old women would make a visit to the other houses in the street, the time chosen being generally even—?; and, with lante _in hand, they would wander through the different rooms of the large ruinous building!. TheEe visits gave rise, no doubt, to the ghostly rumors that were rife, and were the cause of the crowds assembling to see the light gleaming from room to room. Almost immediately alter the death became known, it appears that the part Us claiming to be the heirs-atriaw of the dece .eed took possession of the house where she re sided; and among the extraordinary rumors that are afloat in refeienc— to the subj-ct is one, which is believed to ba founded on fact, that a sum of money, amounting to nearly £20,000, was found hoar led ia different parts of the house, ani concealed in _H manner of out- of-the-way places. At first it w_s ruu oo! that the deceased hadjdied without miking a will, but it has since been stated that _ tt__i mentary document has been discovered, although no one of conrs. is at present aware of its contents, or how the deceased has dis- . posed of the enormousamountof wealth of which she must have died possessed. It will perhaps be recollected that a few years ago some parties took forcible possession of one of the houses in Stamford-street, and set np some sort of e__i_-tothe property, but it was speediiy shown that they had no legal title, and they were forcibly ejected by order of a Magistrate-, end since then the whole of the property _'•-= re mained in the same condition a* before. It ii not at all improbable that this e_traordinp.iv affair, which will be ranked anion. tU romances of London, will eventually receive a solution in the Court of Chancery; _uc it is not likely, nnder any cdreun—_noes, that this valuable property will be allowed to rc__a very mnc_ longer in the condition it has don. for nearly half a century, as tte actual loss in rent npon the whole ot the honses must, upon a mode—— c_cul__—. np to the present tim;,be —_dder_bly over £100,000. 