VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, November 26. The surmise 'that the Legislative Council, after passing the second reading of tlie Education Bill, would not materially alter the measure in Committee has so far proved a correct one. Notwithstanding the fact that a formidable array of amendments had been prepared by one of the members, progress was made as far as the 10th clause without any alteration of consequence. Mr. A*Beckett made an unsuccessful attempt to introduce the authority of the heads of the denominations in the matter of the disposal 'of - school property, and the only amendment carried was to the effect that it shall be mandatory -on trustees to apply the proceeds «f the sate of school lands for the purposes of the denominational body beneficially interested. The Mining on Private Property BOl has come to grief through the disagreement of the two Houses. The Select Committee appointed by the Council to report on the subject, recommended that the resolutions sent up from the Assembly should not be approved of, but that the amendments of the Council should be insisted on. A message to this effect was sent to the Assembly, and the necessary result was that the Bill was laid aside. With the exception of the Education Bill, the Council have made quite a clearance of the Paper, the Market laws Amendment Bill having been thrown out, and the Bills comprised in the following more or less interesting and intelligible list duly passed through all their stages, viz.:—Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister, Patent Statute Amendment, Real Statute Amendment, Drawhacks Bill, Master-in-Equity Bill, Church of England B01, Juries Statute Amendment, Public Health Bill, Diseases in Stock, Gunpowder BOl, Administration of Justice Amendment Bill, Game Act Amendment, Debentures Conversion, and the Agent-General BiU. Further progress would have been made with the Education Bill, but on Thursday both Houses, after a veiy short sitting, adjourned out of respect to the memory of the late Hon. Robert Turnbull, a member of the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, the news of whose somewhat sudden death reached the Houses on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Turnbull was a very old colonist, having landed in Port Phillip upwards of 32 years ago, and was long known and respected as a merchant. He was the founder of the township of Port Albert, and was elected as representative of Gipps Land on the separation' of Victoria from New South Wales, and was a member of the Legislative Council from 1864 till his decease, and though not a speaker earned for himself the respect "of the country by his consistent voting. He was also a prominent member of the Presbyterian body, having been for 30 years a trustee of Scot's Church, Melbourne. Mr. O'Shannassy met with rather a serious accident on his way home after the adjournment. He was entering one of the omnibuses when the horses suddenly started, and the hon. and portly member was thrown violently to the ground, and the result will probably be that the next few clauses of the Education Bill will be got through more Tapidly than might otherwise have happened. It appears that there has been some considerable doubt as to the status of certain Germans who have come across from South Australia and settled in the Wimmera District. In reply to a question in the House, the Solicitor-General stated that aliens who were naturalized in other British Colonies were not, as a consequence^ naturalized in this colony, though the fact of previous naturalization greatly simplified the matter. An alien naturalized in your colony would only have to produce his certificate and identify himself as the person named in it; but as this would entail considerable trouble and expense to a man in an out-of-the-way region, it is intended to adopt some method to simplify the matter. Sir Alexander Cockburn's comments on the subject of the Geneva award have been read with interest here, as our fair name has been somewhat bespattered in the Shenandoah business. The arbitrators decided by a vote of three to two that the British Government are liable for the acts committed by the vessel after leaving Melbourne. The ground of this judgment appears to be that a number of the crew was clandestinely augmented by men from our port. It is admitted, however, that our Government did all they could to prevent any breaches of neutrality, but committed the crime of carrying out what is everywhere recognised as ihe only rule of official conduct, viz., to lace reliance on the word of a commander. f n addition to this, there is merely the colour of s^supicion that the police were not sufficiently vigilant. Bather scant reasons one would think for mulcting a nation to the tune of some millions of dollars. It looks very much as if the gallant commander of the Shenandoah had been Tamgloriously piling on the agony as to how he managed to do" the Victorian authorities. We have just had a glimpse at the other side of the affair in a letter from a gentleman who was at the time Traffic Superintendent, in which he •declares that Captain Waddell complained most iatterly to him of the "inhospitable and unfair" treatment he received from the Ministry of the day. We shall have to look out for the honour of cur eekmy, for in the matter of the Polynesian barbarities also it appears to have been*called in •question at home. The injustice of this will be ««<whefi the facts of the case are made known. As the reealt of rigid enquiry it is found that the Carl left this port with a freight of horses and a general cargo, and that there was no suspicion of the infamous traiSc in which she was Afterwards to he epgaged, And it was not till after the cargo had bc-en discharged, and a " labour cruise" licence had been obtained froin the British Consul at""Fiji, that the atr* cities were perpetrated. TFCTI matter was brought before the House last week, and the Government have been and are still doing all they can to remove the stigma that has been cast upon us. As Boon as the murders were made public offers were made to the New South Wales Government of co-operation in bringing the guilty parties to justice, and detectives were set here to find out if any Victorians were implicated. As a result, two young men named Mount and Morris have been arrested, and will be arraigned this week upon a charge of murder upon the high seas. Dr. Henry Mount, the father of one of the accused, has written a pathetic letter in defence of his relative, stating that he was unwittingly dragged into connection with the affair, having taken a passage in the ordinary course on board the Carl; and that he made what resistance he possibly could to the murderous intentions and efforts of the " whitelivered scoundrel" Murray. Apropos of this, a deputation from the Polynesian Company have just waited on the Chief Secretaiy for the purpose of advocating the annexation of Fiji to Victoria. This step was taken under the belief that a despatch, had been received from the Earl of Kimberley, in which the right of annexing Fiji was conferred on Victoria. It was stated that the despatch, arrived in Mr. Duffy's time, but the present Government bad never beard of the document before, and on enquiry it was found that neither the Governor nor the Under Secretary had any recollection of it. Under these circumstances, the whole matter is held over for the present. The Argus of yesterday states that information has been received through a private channel from your colony to the effect that the several Australian Governments are considering a proposition to hold the proposed Conference at Hobart Town; that your colony and Tasmania are favourable; and that the settlement of the matter depends upon the reply of the New Zealand Government. No doubt it would be pleasanter for Victorian delegates, under existing circumstances, not to have to beard the New South Wales bear in his own den, and it might be hoped that the tone and temper of the Conference would be improved under the influence of the cool atmosphere and beautiful surroundings of Tasman's fair isle. It was rather provoking that there should be a break in the telegraphic line just at the very time when the ghost of a startling rumour required "laying." After the short suspense we were considerably relieved to learn tbat' the reports about the Gladstone Ministry and the money crisis were but the sensational weavings of some restless brain. Pretty strong language has been aimed at the devoted head containing the said brain—enough to have a deterrent effect. But it seems we must expect to be startled every now and then with flashes of the sort, and this will no doubt tend to keep up our interest in the cable. The latest is to the effect that M. Thiers had been superseded by Generals Chargarnier and l'Admirult; but the report has not been corroborated, and is probably merely an exaggerated outcome of the present crisis at Versailles. Amongst the reliable items received may be noted the sad intelligence to His Excellency the Governor of the loss by deatb of two brothers-in-law—Lord Hastings and Henry Thompson, Esq.; and also the news that the rank of Earl has been conferred upon him, The Secretary of the Queen Insurance Company here has received a telegram to the effect that Boston fire losses amount to £70,000, and that claims have been duly settled. The Peebles-cum-Dunn speculation has not proved a success. The lectures have been poorly attended, and the Press have been very rough on the " Seer." Mr. P. has accordingly descended to low abuse, and his latest efforts have been to rake up strong epithets to throw at the Press and what he calls the " white-chokered" fraternity. "Dr." Dunn declines to do the kerosine trick for £5, and shuffles out in a letter whibh tbe Daily lelegraph cruelly prints verbatim. The "independent clairvoyant" talks about "addage," " opertunity," and " infalibiiity." and one can't help wondering why he doesn't arrange with the willing spirits for an orthographical miracle or two to be performed on himself. Theatre-geers were glad to welcome back the Royal company last night in the comedy of "School." After two nights of Miss Rosa Evans in the character of Hamlet some more of the " legitimate" business will be relished. The theatrical critics did not at all approve of the Hamlet performance, and Miss Evans on Saturday night rated them in most womanly fashion, darkly hinting at what she would do if sbe were a man, and insinuating that favourable criticisms have to be bought—an action that she scorned. For the honour of the Press it is to be hoped that the charge is groundless. At the annual meeting of the Religious Tract Society, held yesterday, when the name of Judge Pohlman was proposed as a Vice- President, the Chairman (the "Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne), in a very delicate manner referred to the fact of certain painful rumours afloat iu reference to His Honor, and suggested that under the circumstances his name should be removed from the proposed list. This was unanimously agreed on. Judge Pohlman lias for many years taken an active part in religious and moral movements, and been respected for his upright and consistent conduct. It appears, however, that now in the "sere and yellow leaf" period the charms of a pretty housekeeper have proved too much for the grave and solemn Judge. All sorts of versions of the scandal have been rife for some time, and it is now reported that His Honor, having married the failenchantress (to make matters all right), is about to take a year's leave of absence for the purpose of spending a calm and undisturbed honeymoon in the old country. THE LATE ME. C. H. J. BYNG.—The funeral of the late Mr. Byng, of King William-street, took place on Friday afternoon: and the deceased, having been long connected with Friendly Societies, the Adelaide Lodge, M.U., and the Allied Lodge of Druids, with a band consisting of members of Benefit Societies, marched behind the hearse. At the fiindmarsh Cemetery the Rev. F. W. Cox officiated, and a large number of friends attended, including Messrs. J. Perryman, D. Lithgow, H. L. Hurst, B. Lucas, T. Pritchard, and many others. Mr. Byng, who died somewhat suddenly on December 4, at the age of 52 years, was an early settler here, and for a long period was in the employ of the late Mr. C. Platts, but has since conducted business on his own account. He was for many years the Secretaiy of the Adelaide Lodge, and a prominent member of tbe Building Committee of the Oddfellows' Hall, which is now nearly completed. SNAKE TALES.—Dr. Wilkinson informs the Gawler Times that he has had two small snakes killed on his premises in High-street during the last three days. They were both killed by his cat. The Kapunda Herald reports :—"On Monday morning Mr. A. White was riding in his paddock when a large 6nake jumped up by his horse's side. Not having a heavy whip Mr. White dismounted, and got between the snake and a heap of stones for which it was making. On this the snake confronted Mr. White, but he was fortunately able to turn it with his whip, and then managed to pick up a stone, which he threw and disabled the snake therewith. He then killed it, and found it to maasure five feet eighth inches in length, and seven inches in girth in the centre. On returning home Mr. A. White also killed another larce snake close to his house. He informs us that snakes have been unusually plentiful in his neighbourhood this season." DIPHTHERIA.—Several cases of this malignant disease are reported to have occurred on the Gulnare Plains. LOCUSTS.—On Thursday evening locusts passed over Gawler in millions, going from west to east. FOOD FOR Cows.—We sometimes hear the farmers discuss the properties of plants with a view of arriving at which is the best for producing milk, remarks the Northern Argus, addmg—"A resident of Clare has got a cow which seems particularly fond of clothes, and will go through almost any fence to get a wellfilled line. The other day she managed to eat a dozen pairs of stockings in a short time. This is rather expensive feeding, and devoid of milkprodnefpg properties." 