NEWS OF JHE DAY. A conference of the clerical and lay members of the Church of England, in the diocese of Bathurst, will be held on the 29th September. Mr. Fallon shipped (eaya the.4Z6ui-M Banner) per Jane Eliza, on her last trip to Albury, some 7000 gallons of Albnry winefor the Sydney market. We learn (says the Fiji Times) that the first lieutenant of H.F.M S. Vivid Las been suspended from his rank, pending the result of an inquiry into a charge of abducting a Polinosian woman from Mr. March, H.B.M. Consul. At a convocation of members of the Sydney University, held in the hall of that institution at the hour of noon on Saturday, the 3L6t of August, Mr. Christopher Eol leston, on the nomination of Vice-Chaneellnr thn Her. Hubert Allwood, was elected a Fellow of the Senate of the Sydney University, in the place of William Charles M'cntwortli, lately deceased. The Biverine Advertiser hears that Mr. E. Landale, J.F., of Deniliquin station, has generously offsrod to give £200 towards building a Presbyterian Church in Deniliquin, upon condition that steps are immediately taken to secure this object. We think that with so high a premium offered to them, our Presbyterian friends will noFbe slow to take action in the matter. Yesterday a man named Patrick Stanton appeared in the dock at the Central Police Court, charged witli being drunk in George-street, at htlf past twelve o'clock on the moraine of file 1st instant. He was bailed out, and on the same afternoon was again arrested on a similar charge.— and in addition assaulting the police man whilst in the execution of liis duty. Stanton was fined in the aggregate 25s, with the alternative of 8 days gaol. The Bathurst Free Press of Saturday had tie following :— ' Wo understand that Sir James Martin is expected to arrive in Bathurst this evening having some busi ness In the West ; and it has been resolved by a number of his friends to invite him to a public dinner on Wednesday next.' Iu point of fact the dinner seems to be a foregone conclusion. . Dr. Machattie, the Mayor, is to take the chair ; Mr. Thomas Wilton has been appointed honorary secretary, and Mr. E. Webb, M.L.A., and abeut forty other gentlemen have been appointed as ihe dinner committee. TJie number of public bills introduced in the Legislative Assembly during tbe last Parliamentary Session was 31, and the number of private bills 9. There was also one private bill brought from the Legislative Council, making a total of 41 meaxures. Of these 4 public { and S private bills were passed and assented to, 1 was a pro forma Mil ; and 3 public bills were negatived on motion for ' second reading, 1 public and 2 private bills were not intro duced ; 14 public bills and li private bill were discharged or withdrawn ; 3 public bills and 1 private bill were not returned from the Legislative Council ; 4 public bills and 1 private bill were dropped, and 1 public bill was stopped by prorogation. The public reception of Mr. Parkes at Orange was apparently a very spirited affair. Ho visited the Luck now mines on his way, and was met there by a cavalcade of gentlemen, who escorted him into Orange. On urrival there lie was entertained at a public luncheon, and on Thursday morning received an address from the Municipal Council in the Courthouse. The complimentary supper took place in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday evening, and was substan tially, and tastefully provided, and well-attended. At least fifty gentlemen assembled to meet the Premier. The chmr was occupied by Ids Worship tile Mayor, who had on Mb right the guest of the evening, and on his left tl e bon. mem ber for Orange. J. T. Lane, Esq., P.M., acted as vicechair man. Grace was said by the Eev. -J. A. Stuart. The sub staria' portion of the entertainment having been coadaaeA, the QSU^. iOVOl toasts, innllidimr tllP OnMn tlia Prlnno and Princess of Wales, and the Eoyal family, and the Governor, were given from the chair and duly, honoured In reply to the toast of 'Our Guest,' Mr. Pailtcs' made an effective speech, which was well received by the company. In the course of his visit Mr. Parkes laid before a deputation a map of tho railway survey between Bathurst and Orange. The route denoted leaves Bathurst by the Vale-road, makes a detour, and passes within a few miles of Blayney, dose to Lncknow, rendering it easily available from Pretty Plaiss and adjacent places, and enters Orange by End»\eigb. A public meeting, said to be the largest indoor meeting held in Bathurst, was held in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, to adopt and sign a petition to his Excel lency the Governor and the Executive Council, praying for a site of land fora public school in that locality. $ he mayor (Dr. Machattie), was called to tho chair. The following resolution, forming the basis of the petition, as also the peti tion itself, was adopted ?— That this meeting deems it desir able tliat a petition should be signed and forn-orded to his ExceUcuoy the Governor, and the hon. the members of the Executive Council of Hew South Wales, requesting that the portion of land already applied for on section 6# in the city of Batburst, be granted as a site for a public school. A deputation was named to present the petition to his Excel lency, and a committee appointed to obtain signatures. A telegram in another oolumn announces tuat a. meeting was held on Monday night to protest against breaking, the square by granting a site for the building. I witnessed a lonely f uneral (says the Home Bule correspondent of tbe Gulgong Guardian) the other day. It consisted of a handsome bearse, in which vas a very plain coffin, containing the mortal remains of poor Jock Gilbert, with not a single mourner following him to the grave. Poor Gilbert started the first Scotch pie shop in Sydney and cleared some thousands by it; unlucky investments induced him to sell out, when he went to Queensland and started the same line of business in Eockhampton. Fortune did not favour him, and I met him again at Gympie in an humble wny still true to the Scotch pis business. His saving* he invested in the reefs on that gold-fieM, but withoutany luck, andhe came to Gulgong and worked hard. He roccntly started a small baker}- business at the Home Eule, but he broke down, and became an inmate of the hospital, and died two days after admission. It was a sad sight to witness, that amidst the many thousands on this gold-field, and amongst all who knew him, not one was to be found to follow him to his lost borne. His was a chequered life with a lonely ending. Mr. Robert Walker, lately carrying on busi ness in Market-buildings, Bockhampton, us grocer and sales man, and who had for some time, owing to misfortunes in business bees in a very depressed state of mind, being worse toon uBual, medical advice was sought, and Dr. CalUghan sent for. The doctor being otherwiso engaged when the \ messenger arrived, did not reach deceased e cottage until | shortly after noon In tile meantime, deceased growing impatient, had gone off to meet the doctor, having left the house only ten minutes before the latter arrived. Deceased did not return, and fears being entertained for his safety, his friends, during theaftcrnoon, privately made search for him, but without success, and in the evening information of his disappearance was given ts the police. On the following morning constable Stretton was Gent out to make farther inquiries, and having learned that deceased was f3een eointr up tlie bank of the river about half-post 1 p.m. on Thursday, by Mrs. Hall, wife of a fisherman, he proceeded iu that direction, and soon ascertained that a litqle girl, aamed Margaret M'Leunon, had picked up. some papers on Lannigan's steps, near the fishermen's humpies. Tlie papers proved to be two English letters from deceased's brother, and copy of telegram from tl-e Messrs. Harris, of Brisbane. Constable Stretton, from certain appearances that he saw, cot a boat and grappling irons, and dragging the river found the body, only about twenty yardB from the steps. Deceased had all his clothing on except his hat, and in one of his pockets were five shillings in money, and a receipt from Messrs. Melbourne and Daly for £300. Deceased seems, while suffering from aberration of intellect, to have delibe ratelyjumped into the river, and the appearance of the body indicated that homadcuofltratfgle to save himself after he got Into the water. He was married only a few months ago. and leaves a widow to mourn her loss. A very instructive lecture was delivered in St. Mary's Seminary, lost night, by the Bev. Dr. Barsanti, upon the infallability of the Pope. There was a very large attendance, and the rev. lecturer was very warmly cheered during the progress of his remarks. The chair was occupied by tbe Very Bev. Archdeacon Bigney, in the place of the Archbishop, who was unavoidably absent. The Rev. lecturer in hiB introductory observations, remarked that it was not his intention to enter upon vho controversial points in the dogma of infallibility; but simply to explain u hat the infallibility really was; and he hoped that they would look upon him in the character of a clergyman rather than as a lecturer. He submitted that the question upon which he was about to enter was a vast one. £n order to give his hearers a correct idea of it it would be necessary for him to give a brief explanation of its definition. In the first place, it should be borne in mind that papal infallibility did not i reply the personal infallibility of tbe Pope himself. Many persons thought such was the case, but U was not really so. The P.npo is especially favoured by God to discharge his duties well, but ior all that, he is a child of error and is as liable to tempta tion and sin as other people are. . Like other men he has to nmifegfl hissins to a nriestand receive from his hands absoln tion of his Bins, Before receiving the blessed sacrament, before receiving Christ, of whom he is the vicar and represen tative on earth, the Pope has to make a public confession and cry ' i am not worthy that thou shouldst enter under my roof.' So that papal infallibility does uot mean the personal infalli bility, or the immunity from sin of the Tope himself. Secondly, papal infallibility is not the unmistakeableness of the Pope in the arrangement of his privafe affairs, as a private man; for iu that respect he is as liable to err as any other man. Again, Papal infallibility is not as. some people Imurlne. a Divine insDiration or a Divine revelation 6uch as that possessed by the prophets and evangelists. The real definition of the Papal infallibility, taken in its. theoioffical sense, was nothing else than the Divine assistance of the Uoly Ghost, by which the Pope, though weak in himself, is enabled to expound faithfully the truths contained iu the Scripture, There was nothing startling or nlarming, or con trary to the principles of the Roman Catholic faith in such a definition. Hence, it would be Been that Papal infallibility affects tbe Pope, not a- a private roan, but as. a. pnblic man. In his official and public character, and although he speaks from the magisterial chair as the vicar of Chistand successor of Saint Peter, he derives his glorious prerogative from the promises of Christ, made to the Church ana to St. Peter. In the long and glorious line of Uio Boman Pontiffs, ont of 260, scarcely fire or six are to bo found of those who lived in tbe dark Oft», whoso character as. private men \nu perfect; but no one could say that those very Popes of that time attempted to alter anything in, the Christian faith in order to justify their own ooiiduct. The Pope says, in his , decree, that the Boman Pontiff, through divine assistance, ; signified that the Papal infallibility was secured to the people, not on his merits or good qualities, but simply by relying ! upon the promises of Christ, made to Bt. Petes.. Tlie Papal Infallibilifcv ms one of the main constitnents of the Churah of Christ. Hence, if the Church be infallible, its head must also be so t and that was 'he reason why Pius VS.. defined the dogma of the Papal infallibility to be the infallibility W the Church. The reverend lecturer spoke with great warmth for upwards of an hour and a halt, at the conclusion of wliioli he was enthusiastically applauded. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, proposed by Mr. Hurley, and seconded by Mr. Flanagan, brought the meeting to a termination Bhortly after 10 o'clock. We have Fiji files to 14th August. The Gazette rep-eta to record the death of Mr. Tuff, late secretary to Hatu Timocee (the King's son-in-law), an enormous chief who at the late meeting of Parliament attracted such genpr.ir attention from his herculean proportions. This chief, it will be remembered, expired at. Bau some few weeks since, and it is said that the natives of his tribe, on Mr. Tuffs return amongst them, have poisoned him, because of the loss of their chief. If this is the case, it is very lamentable, for Mr. Tuff faithfully attended upon Eatu Timor** to his dyinc day. Mr. Tnff expired yesterday week, and was only ill three hours. It. is almost oertain that he was the victim of a secret vrgetahle Saison administered to uim in Hewn, by Borne native ianatic lat will never be known.— The ports of California. Sandwich Islands, Now Zealand, Viotorla, and Kew South Wales are declared to be Infected with small-pox, and vessels arriving from any of them shall not be allowed to anohor south of WaiTova, and no person or persons shall be allowed to land from, nor to communicate wit* such ships or vessels until the permission of the Health-offioer shall have been obtained.— The Gxretb of the 3rd reports that tlie Honorable John Temple Bagar, M.P. for tho Central Province, died at the old club in Totoga; and Fiji thereby, without any doubt what ever, sufferaa national loss. Mr. Sagor first arrived here from Melbourne, via Sydney, some two years and a half ago iu tbe Prinoe of Wales, being one of the members of thePolv- ? uesian Company, and we believe, in its interests. On h'i« arrival lie visited -ill the properties of the company, and made many observations, which in Australia, whither he soon returned were calculated to be most useful. The deceased, who was a widower, left five ohildren. He was buried with Masonic honours, Mr. Butters pronouncing the oration. Judgment has been given in the matter of the brig Carl, iu the action Hennings v, Clarke. In December last one Joseph Armstrong, who was matter of tlie brig Carl, applied to the plaintiff to advance oertain moneys to pay off the crew to effect necessary renairs to tile hull, as well as to refit. He also applied for necessary stores and provisions to carry on the labour trade. Dr. Patrick Murray, tbe owner of tbe brig, was then in Apee, and Captain Armstrong gave Messrs. Hen nings a bond, which be was empowered to do, by way of mortgage, over Dr. Murray's interest in the vessel. Subse quently, farther supplies wero ordered, it being understood that the ship was security, and that tbe supplies were necessary to the vtyage. It was contended that these supplies did not exceed those which the master wns justified in obtaining, and the interests of the mortgagee were conserved thereby, inasmuch as the ship was in a foreign port, one had lett Melbourne on a peculiar trade to the knowledge of all parties concerned, that the mortgage gave certain time for her absence, and that in every respect the claim came within the meaning of the Act for the protec tion uf merchants and ethers supplying ships in a foreign port. On the other hand it was argued that the interests of the mortgagees couM not be affected by Uie operations of o master in obtaining supplies in a foreign port. That Captain Armstrong exceeded his powers in procuring supplies that were not necessary to the voyage, und tliat the claim of Messrs. Henningx against the brig could not stand. The decision of the Court unanimously rendered was a verdict acainst the vessel for £55-1 10s fit, or 2723 dollars 62 cents Fijian currency, with costs. After the expiration of six days either of tbe material parties obtaining judgment for their claims could apply for the condemnation and sale of the vessel. Tlie nisi priuscourt had been occupied for two days in hearing the case of Blair v. Cohen and another. This was an action for false imprison ment brought bv George Blair against Messrs. Cohen and Brodzink. Afr. Murray, witli Mr. Truscott, appeared for the plaintiff; and Messrs.'S. C. Hurt and P. S. Solomon for the defendant. Th° pbiRtifftiad been imprisoned at the suit of the defendant in January last, when about to leave the king dom for his plantation at Tanna, New Hebrides, in the cutter Volunteer, for a debt of £SS lOs.incui- red In October previously. whilst he was on his plantation? by Captain James, of the Volunteer. The jury unanimously found a verdict for the plaintiff, with damages, £530, but an application was to be made to set the verdict aside. H.M.S. Cossack seized on thu 13th August two schooners, the Ma Notm and the Tabu Boro. Tiie Times savs the difficulty was the usual one— 'no papers.' A schedule of the rules of the Supreme Court of Fiji, having been duly presented and allowed by the Legislative Assembly, have been published for Ceral information. A person named Walter Smitli has been d by the Chief Justice in the sum of 100 dollars to the King, for having, in a letter to Mr. Justice Forwood, written and published a libel concerning the administration of justice in tlie kingdom. Tlie Public Loan Act of 1872 authorises the Minister of Finance, with permission of the King and his Cabinet, to raise 250,000 dollars, with interest not to exceed 10 per cent, on the security of about 3,000,000 aores Crown lands, his Majesty giving up'liis private lands in addi tion. News from Lonia Iisina is to the effect, that the weather is must seasonable for the crops, and thnt the cotton promises a very heavy yield On some of the plantations coffee, equal to Cpylon, is likely to be provided. A person named Louis Bjsch, had been apprehended on a charge of attempting to leave Levuka clandestinely. It is stated he had been borrowing money and buying drafts on theccilonies, and that if he had succeeded in effecting lii«escape, he would have fleeced the business community of 11300. 