shoulders. In an instant I recogniso my teloved Maria Angelica, and * oh ! horrible ! the recognises me. She is tripping gaily along, 'with, her prayer- book in her hand, evidently going to morning-service. ' Now, then; you are surely not going to insult that lady. Two months ought to satisfy you without making it transporta tion,1' says the policeman. I am locked up, half starved, tried— con- demned. Half starved another week, tried again, and acquitted. And now to tinish my painful story, jtfaria Angelica had for many months been my adored sweetheart {I don't say I was hers). She was, however, so .pert and coquettish as to prevent my gaining sufficient courage to make a declaration for fear of a downright refusal. However, one Sunday night 1 determined to* settle matters* and so followed her to church, and by dintof giving the pew- opener a new shilling, obtained a seat in her pew, determining to propose the fafel question during prayer time. Fearing, test at the last my courage should fail me, I had provided myself with a small vial of brandy, and a straw, through which I meant to take a little courage just before the crisis. To avoid its exciting me too much, I ilissolved a little opium in the spirit. Having during prayer- indulged rather freely in my proposing mixture, I had fallen fast asleep (doubtless also induced by the moaning of a very dull sermon, of which, to the.present day, I firmly believe the text was, ♦'My dear friends, nothing like brandy and opium'). ? . ? Maria Angelica had not n6ticed my absence. I. had fallen noiselessly and unob served under the pew at the close of the service, she being engaged in exchanging nods with various (detestably handsftme, of course) gentlemen. . . ? And now, in conclusion, let me entreat my dear young fair friends not to be tod severe on their admirers, lest,, as in my unfortunate case, you drive them to having resort to brandy and opium; and, young men, whatever courage you require, try and jjeton without this compound, lest (in an opium slumber) you get locked up all night in a church, and have yeur hair turned white with fright, as the parson's surplices hanging up in the vestary and the effigies of the sacred dead did mine. H. R. C. BURIED ALIVE. Yes, i am burie'tjl ', alive— buried , alive, JFeart ul thouglrt ! bad enough in imagination, but' how, awful . in realitjy ! Fortunately, imwfiver. I am not buried in a coffin, for on waking up. I find I can move, my body and limbs about. It must be some horrible vault they have laid ine in. Perhaps been put in here to torture me. A hundred suggestions rush into my brain at once. In trying to think I find I , cannot. I can remember nothing. 1 don't know who lam, or what I am. . Perhaps I am the walls of the vault trying to think. As soon as this thought occurs to me I immediately begin building the vault. Now they are building me higher, higher, higher. I suddenly begin to grow giddy with the/ height, which is too much for my nerves, and I fall— a crash, aud I am nothing, as before. I find myself again awake, and trying to think. I' am now sufficiently recovered from my nothingness to know for certain I am buried alive. The smell, such a fearful death-smell— a tomb-smell; I can compare it to nothing save the stench (in a condensed form) that exists in galleries in crowded buildings at night — a mixture of stale breath and burnt gas. A singular feature in thU smell is that I can taste it rather thau smell it. ? As my senses seem returning, the silence and. dense blackness become oppressive aud unbearable; .1 am therefore induced to move myself: Being so faint I can scarcely succeed inlifting.my head even a little, when I stun myself by striking it against some hard substance. I now feel as small as a pea, and as if I were attached by a thread to some spot in the heavens, and dangling and swimming about in space. I gradually swell, and now feel as big as an elephant. Waving to and fro between these two extremes, I by degrees become clearer as to my torturing doom. I cau now detect the? squeaking of rats. They are upon me. Six, twelve, hundreds seem crawling over me, and squeaking away as if consulting among themselves whether the}' .shall begm their meal by sucking out my eyes, or by .jumping down my 'throat and commeuciuff a 'repast On my still- warm vitals. I have fast strength enough -to temporarily frighten them off. ? 1 ' AndnOw I can hear the death-watch tick, ticking away; but how different from what they used to' call the, death-watch when I 'was among niy friends. ?„ This .was the. real 'death-watch.1' Instead ,of ? a rapid, fidgetty tick, tick, .tick, tick,' it is a slow and solemn tick— tick— tick, which echoes among the tombs in a ghastly manner. I feel So far recovered as to venture movingagain. I at length succeed in extri cating myself from a complication of wood work of some kind. Though I am on my legs lean scarcely tell who 1 am. I begin to fancy I am the death-watch. I try to leave off ticking, but can't. No sooner on my feet than I find I can see; and oh! horror of horrors! What! A row of corpses before me, all in the act of supplication with their uplifted folded hands, as if they, like myself, implored some one to take them from this living tomb. I try to speak to them, but the horrible death-taste paralyses my tongue. They begin grinning at me in a fiendish style, which so terrifies me as to quite drive away the little pewer- of thinking which I was. regaining. 1 am induced to rush past them when iny: strength fails me, and I faU against a door, .which opens into a room filled with a ghastly greenish glare, and here I behold three wretched ghosts hanging. The conclusion I am able to make, namely, that they have been hung alive, makes me sicken, and I swoon again into nonentity. ? The next time I begin to recover, I am again in the blackest darkness ;'bttf a ray : .of delicious hope starts within,me as I. hear— dong— dong-^ong, goes the passing 'belL Another poor mortal to l-e placed here.fThey will then open the doors, and I, shall be ' liberated after all. I wait in patience for the next three bells, ? when to my intense perplexity they strike twelve times. What can it mean? 1 am more perplexed than ever, and, the death-taste getting stronger than before, I give myself up in despair to decay, rats, 'worms, and — — ♦ '*'?.*' ? * '* .-..'' 'Halloa there! We have caught the thief now. Bring in a policeman. Ah ! so you are the old rascal that stole the hymn books and cushions, are you? You won't steal anymore just yet, I'll warrant.' I ant still speechless, and know not where I am, A ferocious policeman seizes me by the- collar, and drags me out into the streets. I' Come along, you scoundrel. Whydtm't you speak?' ... I try to, but cannot. I am now biased, hooted, and pelted along the street an &. manner which is fast restoring conacioosnets.' We paw *- lovely-looking girl with 4eii ciously bewitching eyes, and a maag of golden hair blowing playfully *boat' her' no. - -' ? ? ? . . . ? . 