THE SILVER PIN. BY JACK TRUEMAN. I ran away to sea when I was fourteen years old, and I've been a sailor ever since, and shall be until I die. I love the sea, and I hope they'll set me afloat on it at last, instead of piling sods over me ashore; but none the less I did a wicked, lubberly trick when I ran away from home. My mother was a widow. She lived in a little house, built where you could hear the sea sobbing at night, as if it was trying to tell her what had become of my father, who went out in his ship when I was a baby, and nothing was heard of either again. Only, if the Polly Trueman had been above the water, she'd have come to port, and nothing would have kept her from it. Well, I always ankered after the sea, but mother always said "No. I've lost enough by the cruel water," she said. " My Eben is gone, and I can't give up my boy Ben." That was when old Captain Stokes offered me a berth, and I bejrged to take it. But you see, she held out, and sent me to a lawyer's office instead, and there I drudged, sick and tired of it all, and spending all ray leisure time on the wharf, looking at the ships. And I got to know the sailors, and told 'em how I warned to go, but mother wouldn't let me and at long and at last one of 'em says, " Ben Trueman, women are alwavs again the sea. Run away. She"ll forgive you when you take home your first wages." So, one day, what did I do but ship with a captaim that wanted men and boys. I left my old straw-hat by the water side, and some other of my clothes too, and, before I started, I told mother I was going a swimming. Weil, God forgive a boy ; he's no more heart than a bear. Still, when I turned into hammock I used to think of mother, I'd see her as I left her, in her black dress, with a little pin made out of silver, for all the world the image of a schooner, rigging and all, and her colour, sitting mending a shirt of mine, and singing softly to herself, her hair as black as jet, her cheeks as red as the sunny side of a pear, and the sunlight catching her as she rocked backward and forward. I prayed the prayer she taught me, and kept out of mischief for her sake. And the voyage over, I jumped upon shore, crazy to see her, ready to cry with joy at the hope of it. All my wages are in my packet—a year's wages and I'd picked up a green parrot and a lot of shells for her. I ran up the street swinging the cage, with the shells under my arm in a bag, and I burst into our house yelling like a pilot in a fog; " Mother, mother, I'm home again !" A strange woman turned about on the hearth, where she stood cooking something, and says she: " Have you gone crazy, young man ?" I'm Ben Trueman," says I. " Where's mother." " You an't Widdy Trueman's son ?" says she. " Yes, yes," says I. " Lord forgive you then!" says the woman. " I suppose you ran away to sea. She thought you was drowned. I saw her when I bought this house, a broken- hearted critter. She says, 1 I've got to go or die. The sea is too close here—I hear it all night. It says, I've Eben, and I've got Ben; I've got Eben, and I've got Ben, over and over again.' She went away a year ago. If she's dead or crazy, you've killed her. What do folks care for their boys for ? they u never get no thanks." : " Where is she?" I asks. j Says she, I don't know. Dead I t reckon. She looked like a decline." , And nobody could tell me where to p find her. And I advertised, and travel- j ied, and asked every one I met if they | n knew Widow Trueman; but she seemed t I ! to have gone out of the world. I began J to think she was dead. I When I sailed the sea again, it was j like a murderer. I had no rest or peace j Just as they say the picture of a dead j man comes* before their eyes, my mother i came before mine, rocking in and out of ! the sunlight in her sewing chair, with ; her black hair shining, and the little j silver schooner shining white against | her dark dress. It seemed as if I never j should have any peace. After every ! voyage J went ashore and searched, but ! never found her. I would have drowned | myself, only that I had no proof she ! was dead, and I felt I must search on i until I knew. I saved all my money for her, if ever 1 found her, but I didn't hoDe to do that, somehow. But I did my duty. At last, from second mate to first mate I got to be captain. No one in the world cared for me. I loved women, but I never courted one, for fear it should keep me from searching for mother. And I was twenty-eight years old, and felt a great deal older, when coming to port one day T went ashore, as the sailor is always glad to do, and walking up one of the main streets I saw down one of the byestreets, a sign hanging out, with " Fair" on it—fair for the aid of the Sailors' Home, or something of that sort. And seeing it was for sailors, it seemed my duty to lend a hand,; so I set sail towards it and there was a picture—just the prettiest craft lever saw, and full rigged with more hair than I ever saw growed on woman's head afore, behind the tables. Dolls and china, and cakes 1 and cream, and kick-shaws. And one smiles at me; another offers me this for my lady ; and one says " Buy a present for your little girl, sir." And I makes a bow, and says I, " haven't any miss, all the same thank you. If you'll tell me where the captain's office is, I'll settle up; and I'll treat all hands to sweets, if they'll except it." 'Twasn't the way to do, I suppose, for they only laughed. But pretty soon a clergyman took ine in tow, and showed me how to steer; and finally we dropped anchor at what they called a " grab bag." You paid half-a-crown, dove in, and grabbed a ticket. In I went—out I came, and what it was I didn't know; but one of the young ladies looked at my paper, and handed me a small packet, which she said was my " prize." When I looked at it, I felt electric currents up my arm, and shivers down my back. It was a little thing. I held it up to the light, and then I shouted out, and I don't know what come over me. It was a silver pin, like a fullrigged schooner. And I knew there never was but one like it, for it was made to order. The clergyman took me to a quiet room and gave me some water. He thought I was threatened with apoplexy. But I came to pretty soon, and got breath to speak. Look here, chaplain," says I. " You see afore yon the worst sinner ever you preached to. 1 ran away from my mother when I was fourteen years old, and I've searched for her in vain ever since. This is her pin. How did you come by it ?" " An old lady gave it," said he. " A kind widow's mite. * It's for the sailors,' says she, ' and my husband was a sailor. I've got nothing else.' Don't faint again, my friend. Keep calm. God steered you into this port. You've found your mother, if her name was Trueman." Well, I was so overjoyed that I actually kissed him. And took him in my arms and squeezed his breath out of him. And I forked over a tanner for the Fancy Fair, and set sail for the house where he said mother lived. It was very poor ; but when I got there I saw the door open, and there she sat. Her hair was not so black as it used to be, but it was just as smooth. She sat rocking to and fro, and the lamplight caught her now and again, just as the sunlight did when I left her. " Mother," says I. " Mother." She started up. "Do ghosts come back?" said she. " That's Ben's voice." " Mother," says I again; and then I had her in iny arms. And she forgave do; and, please w e ' 11 kee P together as long as we m e as mothers ' always both live. 