'Gentle Reader, — We wish you n Merry: Christmas and a Happy New Year. 'If you cannot nrin bring it to a wransle,' is the process adopted by a certain class of quasi public benefactors who write in the press, not for money, hut for a kind of fame winch is as spurious as their philanthropy. Jf anvthin!? unfavourable is said of their district or any class in it, such writers turn upon their assail- . ants, and meet their charges by abusing the authors of them. This is the habit which' some newspaper writers follow, especially when -they can do it incog. Now, the con ductor of a public journal, especisilly in any one of our outlying: districts, cannot Ion*? he unknown, at;d he is responsible, legally and morally, for all that- appears in the. journal dimmed l»v him. Surely it cannot be from a love of mischief, from a desire to malign, slander, or misrepresent, that the conductor of a .public journal severely condemns the actions of a lar»e section of society, even in the bush ; but one would .think, from the persistent at tacks upon the Pastoral Times by certain per sons. in the Darling' district, who seem to revel in tlieir obscurity, that the conductor of the latter journal had so sinned against the laws that govern the press, that he ought never to be forgiven or forgotten. It is about two years since the Pastoral Times in somewhat severe language, spoke of the social state of the Darling, which, like many other parts of our inland pastoral districts, was perhaps no better than it ought to have been, and perhaps no worse than other parts of New South Wales, with its scattered population, un lettered and untaught as are so many of our people. The Pastoral Times may have over stated the case against the district named — the errors of its peoplp mny have been mag nified— but surely, if this be the case, it was not an unpardonable offence. We do not sav .i.„. .1. ? i ? ? ,, *i.i . mill, inn uii»rt^es were groundless ; moeea we should be sorry to do so, because we have had pretty good evidence to the contrary — Ber- ' tr:im to wit, and his mate (the latter was liiing in Queensland}. We are slightly in clined to believe that, the Darling is much in debted to the writer of the articles so com plained of, because, as these articles were copied extensively into some of the journals of the colonj', the inference is fair that the Govern ment was, by them, stirred up to action, and some parts of the jyreat Darling district secured police protection, that,' before these articles appeared, were left open for the depre dation of the most villanous rascals that ever disgraced New South Wales. Crime was fast heading from -he more settled districts west of the Cordilleras to the Barrier Ranges ; and but for the protection recently afforded by Government, the remains of Gardiner's gang of marauders, driven from the hills, would have sought shelter in the Barrier haunts. If we want more evidence of the state of the localities last mentioned, and of the dangers to which the peaceable people of the Darling were once exposed, we refer to the Inspector General of Police's report thereon. A writer, under the signature of ' Philo Squatter' in the Central Australian (published at Bourke, Upppr Darling) in lettei-s specially addressed to J. J. 'Phelps, Esq., M.P., thus refers to the articles in the Pastoral 7 imes : — ' Now. there fore, I would respectfully draw your attention to those dejrradinp and disparaging reports, which have from time to time apppared in the, public Press respecting this neighbourhood, and as you are a non-resident, warn you against their influence. Believe them not! Be assured the people on the Darling are not all ' savages,' notwithstanding the opinion to the contrary of that profound and learned gentleman the Editor of the Pastoral Times, trim fiiitralv Wm Iho Iia^ ? 1__ i. _ ? ucrtu ttUU SttJI JUUOlJ Uc lieves that.-the inhabitants of these parts roam about with a kind of rude dignity, armed with clubs and tomahawks, ready 'to assail every civilized human being who may happen to come into their pleasant hunting grounds ; and are always prepared to diive off a mob of fat cattle and sheep without the ceremony of asking to whom they belong. It cannot have escaped your recollection how that g-entleman, with a pertinacity worthy of a belter cause, published a series of articles attempting to show that this district was notorious as the theatre of the exploits of the greatest cattle stealing rofrues, and other criminal monsters in the whole colony. No doubt the worthy Editor viewed this district and its inhabitants through a piece of smoked glass, by which the whole horoscope before him lay grim, dark, and bedevilled ! Dante's Inferno was but the sting of a mosquito compared with it, and assuredly the riv^r Darling should have been called the river Styx. ' Can the aftathv of our rulers to this out lying and distant place he in any way attrib utable to these vile slanderous reports ? One can hardly feel surprised at the unenlightened state of our Ministry with regard to us, carry ing -»n «s rhey do, their functions a lon«y way off in Svdney, when an educated gentleman, the conductor of an influential journal, could laltour under so prodigious a cloud of ignor ance and error respecting' us — himself residing in the verv metropolis of Riverina — that metropolis which is soon, to become the capital of. the model colony of Australia, having all' tlie appurtenances, in embryo^ of a great , city, aipd wapting nothing but a triumphal arch- with a grinding head of John Taylor 4n the ike3rstone to rival Palmyra ! I will* be charitable and say the Editor was wickedly misinformed.' Now admitting the articles' to be overcharged or overcdloured in the Pastoral Times why should it be thought that our rulers are apath etic in consequence ? If the articles were not true happy indeed are the people of the Dar ling and they need not bemoan the apathy of Government, while if they were true, Govern ment ought to be up and doing, and the Dar» ling people should consider themselves undei* an obligation to the offending journal for its boldness so that our friend ' Philo Squatter' whoever he may be, is on the horns of a dil emma and he is crying to a false Jupiter. Philo Squatter goes further and thus writes, ' But let us hope that we have passed the Rubicon of misrepresentation — that justice will soon be done to US — that the star of our des tiny which has so long been clouded, will, with the help of willing hands and our tight : little Bourke Telegraph , have all the gloomy vapours which have hitherto enveloped it for ever dispelled and driven away ; so that the sunlight of Truth may shine gloriously in our midst, warming and vivifying everything it touches. Bourke must and shall be a place of im portance ; and the Darling District opened tb ; enterprise, full of life, energy; and prosperity.'; The u tight' little Bourke Telegraph is dping | good service to the theatre of its operations ^ —we were not aware that the journal is am bitious of being thought 'tight' — it is very soberly conducted and very creditably got up in spire of Philo Squatter's lucubrations and his evident desire that it should be considered ' tight.' . But Philo Squatter sees a ghost ap proaching and concludes, ' Trusting that my private affairs may permit me to continue writing many public letters to you.' That he onght to, and does adorn private life is our sincere wish — he may mean well, but he is not cut, out to enlighun our darkness — this is very clear indeed.. What has Mr. Phelps spe cially to do with the advancement of Bourke ? — he is not member for it. Mr. Lord is the man that ought to enjoy the high honour of having these letters dedicated to him and coming from Philo Squatter. We beg pardon for enlightening him on this subject. If the people of Bourke avail themselves of the existing Municipality Act — get their township incorporated — we should think that they were really in earnest, and tbr;t Philo Squatter's dreamy contributions were not a fair representation of the vis inertice of the great district- now under review. ' Bmirke must and shall be a place of importance1' — so mote it he, say we — but it -is not like! v to shoot ahead much by following the peccavi principles of our do nothing friend Phiio Squatter. Bourke must awake, arise , or le for ever fallen' it has a fine career before it, we trust. The people ma}' become ' ti«ht' as well as their newspaper, though Philo Squ itter dedicates his remaiks on this head to the latter only, but newspaper and people- have our best wishes. Our conclusion is that Philo Squatter is also desirous of being; thought ' tight,' and possibly he was suffering a recovery when he hinted that our esteemed comfrere at Bourke insists on being considered tijfht. Verb. sap. 