[?] XHB i ji'C-j;- .JU-SX.PARS. N AtStkWbylieJBalbcSea, Within the sandy bir, At sunset of a summer s day, Readyter sea, arancoor lay The s ship Valdemar. The Buubeams dauoed upon the waves, An i played along hor sida. And through the cabin wmaowd si.r«inioa , . £ v, IlplTofYMea liht, that ssemei : Tfie ripple of the tide. ; ' 1 " There sat the captain with hi - friends, And talted of ioeberg aud of f jg, Qf yaa-imiMid'fltprai and gale. , " / i / ' And one was spinning a sailer's yarn About E3a»6hBrinah, - - The Kobold, otthe of the sea; aspnte, , . ( y Invisiblhtoniertal sight, -1 Who e'er the rigging Tan. - - Sometimes he hammered in the hold, Sometimes open the mast, . ' . Sometimes abeam, sometimes abaft. Or at the hows he sang and laughed. And made allttght and fast. He helped the saifors at their work, And toiled with jovial din j He helped them hoist and reef the sails, He helped them stew the casks and bales, \- ' And heave the anchor in. Bnt -woe unto the lazy louts. „ The idlers of the prew i Them to ionnentis his delight, ' And weary them1 by dky and night, And pinch thbttlblack and blue. And Woe' to hihi whose mertal eyes KUtbotermah behold ; > Ttiaacertainsignof-death!— : ' The cabin boy here hel his breath ; He felt his blood run cold. 1 ; Second Part. The jelly fc kipper paused awhile, \- And then again began ; There is a spectre ship," quoth he, A ship t the deqd that sails tne sea, And is called -the Carmilhan. A ghostly ship with a ghostly crew, In tempests she appears ; ' And before the gale, or against the gale, ' Jshe sails witneut a rag of sail ; Without a helmsman steers. , "ShehauBts the Atlantic north and south. But mostly the mid-sea, Where three great rocks rise bleak and bare Like furnace-chimneys in the air. And are called the Chimneys Three. « And ill- betide the luckless ship That meets the Carmilhan j Over her decks the seas will leap, She must go down iuto the deep. And perish mouse aud man." The captain of the V itdemar Laughed l ud with merry he «rt; I should, like to see this ship," said he, ' I shouid like to find i hose chimneys Th ee. That are marked down in the chart. . I have sailed' right over the set," he said; " With a good stiff breeze behind, ' . When tbe sea was blue, and the sky was clear— Yon can fellow my.course by these pine-holes here — ' And never a rock could End." And then he swore a dreadful oath, He swore by the Kingdoms Three, That should he meet the Carmilhan, He would run her down, although he ran Right into eternity. All this, while passing to and fro, "The cabin-boy had heard j He 1 ngCred at the door to hear, And drank in all with greedy ear, And poauerei every word. He was a simple country lad, But of a roving mind. " ©, it must be like Heaven," thought he, These far vff lands to see. And fortune seek and find." But in the fo'eastle when he heard The mariners blaspheme, He thought "of home, he thought of G d, And his mother under the churchyard sod, And wifchedit were a dream. One friend o ; board/that ship had he , . .Twa8 the Kiabotermsn, Who saw the Bible in his chest, And make a sigh upon his breast Allevilfchings toban/ Black grew the sky; all- black, all black ; Che clouds were everywhere ; 1 here was a feeling of suspense In 'nature, a mysterious sense Of terror in the air. And all onboard the Valdemar Was still as still could be Save whan thb dismal ship -bell tolled As ever and anon She rolled, And lurched into the sea. Eitrht bells ; and suddenly abaft, Wit.h a great rush of rain, Miking the ocean white with sputne, , In darkneBB like the day of doom, On eame the hurricane. The lightning flashed from eloud tp cloud, And tore the dark in two, A jagged fiune. ia single jet Or white fire, like.a toyenet That pierced his eyeballs through. , Then aji aro md was dark cgain, And blacker than before : "Rut in that single fiisb iig t The captain saw-a, fearful sight, And thought, of; the oj.th he swore. Tor righ't ahead lay the ship of the de.d. T3ie ghostly Garmilhm ; Her masts were ©tripped, her yards Were bare, , And on herbqws -Tit, poised in air, J Sat the Eaaboterman. Her crew of ghosts were all on deck Or Clambering up'-the shrouds ; \- Ty6 boAtswaui's whistle, the captain's haiL Were like the pipiag:of the gals And thunder in toe clouds. \- And 0 ' osb bekide toe . i-Therejroseiup from the sea, J m from a feundertd ship of stone, Thr>ae bare and splintered masts alone ; . lney. were the Chimnevs Three ! And qnwasd dashed the Valdemar. -rJ4a;'lewsd)foto(tbedirkr : R-libf +hfea"a passed » gnt through the phantom bark. .feiddeuiythenelcinnen shock, : c tta To tell of the Carmilhan. 1 