Facts and Fancies. THE GHOSTS THE night was drear; the clouded moon Shed forth a misty light: And all around was wrapt in gloom, Beneath that starless night. WJL t. bllV a ione "♦'quesUr'd glen. 0 ershadowd by a wood, *f nm the cheer'i-l hornet of men. A pile of ruins .tood. '"a* .rig^b!r(! ■■"*d-'**. tbe wir-a blew cold, Ana bodingly did moan Bound the dark vaulted ruins old. Where now I walked alone. Quickly loud yells, with howllngt *nlx*<*L Broke on my startled ear : My bjood ran cold—my limb* transflx'OJ— 1 stood all mute with fear. Then msh'd I from those ruins old. Which noi>*y ghosts delight in ; But tura'd to look. wh*n In! behold t Twaa two Tom-cats a-flghtin'! Baud of Hope.—A life-belt. Dbadly weapons—Oing slings. A Bootxd sorrow—Tbe toothache. Bibtbbs of Charity.—Faith and hope. A Chiud of the Bea.—The harbor buoy. Pabadoxical).—A -man squaring his accounta on receiving a round turn. A Goon Market Regulation.—" No whistling near the sauiage ttandi." A Max who wat asked what sort of wina%a preferred, replied : "Other people't." Supfsbt Tbick.—Sending prettily worked, comfortable ilippert to a tingle gentleman. A bot who had feed of tailors heaving up anchort, wanted to know if it was see- siebuse that made tbem do it. A GUI6T. at a Western hotel, finding a long hair in the butter, ordered the waiter to bring some " bald-beaded butter." " Ah !" mused Smith, as he contemplated hia extentive collection of bills, " how true it is that in the midst of life we are in debt." "Wear my hat on my head? Impossible, grandpa dear. Haven't done suoh a thing for ages! It's pinned on with my hair I" ** Thk dental diagnosis of eleemosynary steads is ever an ungracious office-" in other words. " 'Twon't do to look a gift-horse in the mouth.** " Yotm dress," said a husband to his fashion able wife, " will never please the men." *• I don't dress to please men," was the reply, *• but to worry other women." A Eax sas lady went to a theatre and handed the man in tbe box-office a fine tooth oomb, having mistaken it for her ticket, which she left at home. The doorkeeper told her she oould not oomb in. Mxajt DsSKBTiox.—A farmer recently adver tised for a runaway wife, and called particular attention to the meanaeti of ber desertion just as the spring work was coming on, after he badLi the expense of wintering her. A QfJAUaxiaoMß couple were disoussing tha sutject of epitsphs and tombstones, and tha huiband taid, " My dear, what kind of a itona do you tuppose they will give me when I die t* "Brimstone, my love!" was the affeotionata reply. A Family Bbsbhblaxob.—l heard a good •tory to-day of au old gentleman of 80 who married a young wife, and in due oourie of time wat presented with a ion. On the day of tha christening the nurse banded young master about, w.th the usual exclamation that he waa " the very image of hit papa." «■ Very like in deed," aaid a lady, •• he ha* no teeth." Dbill Dbollbuiks.—Offioer, to his oompany (which he bas hopelenly clubbed): "As you were!"—(Men make intelligent efforts tooorreot their formation, but get more involved than before.) Officer (shrieking) .- No—no! As you were before you left the parade-ground !"-— Covering Sergeant (prompting his officer, soto voce): Now, tir, halt!— L/Bicer (to his men, fortistime): Hah!— Covering Sergeant: No, sir; halt yourself!— Officer (still morefortis sime): Halt yourself. A tbssjublb Madagascar chief has made a wonderful discovery. M What," he has asked his countrymen, "do the Vaguh (Europeans) want with onr iadurubber? Why, to make big •hips! When they have got plenty they wm make great indiurubber ships, nod Tns to Madagatcar to.take it; and when our soldiers as Tomatave fire guns at thorn, the bulla will -.n-.lt* the rubber thipa, and robound and kill our owa men. We are fbois to sell them the rubber and this, I any to you all, don't do." * DracAH Goi.it, a Highland idiot, well knows for many milea on Tayside, uaed to run messages for many of the country people, among whom ha waa a great favourite. On one occasion he wsa lent wuh a fine hare ai a preeent to the m'wittsr but, having carele*»ly laid it down by the road tide, a shepherd's dog which w*i patting made off with it without being teen. Duncan, on mining hii charge, tousht a bng time for it, but could not fina it. Having a letter for tha miniater, he weut abd de.irered that, but made no mention of the lo.t hare. The miniater aa reading tho note, rtmarked, «■ Oh, Duncan, I see that there's a hare here." •• Goth, then, that's a* richt," cried Dut can, " I thocht I bad lost it but if it's there it's a' richt. I'll just tall Mr. Sin clair that ye got the hare a* safe, and that ye're muckle obleeged till him for tendin' it." And Duncan took bit departure, apparently con vinced that all wot right with hit message. Editobial.—Some ladies in Texas were desirous of doing honour to the editor of a local journal, so they presented their hero with an em broidered shirt, which contained a splendid history of Texas, and also pictures of the fruits and cerealt of the ttate, worked all over it in red worsted. Now, this particular editor had never worn a shirt, and supposed the brillant specimen before him to be a banner for an ap proaching temperance procession. In his speech of thanks he puzzled the lady donors by de claring that he would " fling it out for ever to the breezes of heaven, that they may kiss its folds, and till hit hand palsied it should never ba trailed in the dust." Being informed of the purpose of the gift, the editor wore it over hia coat, to the great edification of the boys of the town, who followed him in regiments, studying the hiitory of Texat " behind his back." Adoiphus FiTZMELOir wai a " smart young man." It waa his firm conviction tbat with tha opposite iex he wat irretittible. One evening Fitzrrelon wat at the opera, and in an adjoining box he espied a beautiful young lady withouta male attendant. He nodded to hit companions, and remarked tbat he muit make a conquest! So into ths adjoining box he made his way, and* unceremoniously seated himself by the young lady's side. She looked up in surprise. AdoJ phus smiled sweetly, and begged pardon. He must have been mistaken. He had thought he recognised in her an acquaintance. She in formed him he bad been mistaken. "Still" ventured Adolpbus, " I hope I don't intrude!" The lady made no reply, but turned her atten tion to the stage, where a scene was transpiring in which the waa much intereated. At length Adolphut addressed ber again. Turning quiokly. she said, '• You anncy me, sir!" and her bright eyet flashed. Bless me!" cried Adolphui, draw ing baok with mock terror, "don't eat me." The lady in-tiled a tweet, beaming smile, as she replied, "Be not ul armed, air—l am a Jewess. and my religion forbids me to eat pork /" Ua! fortunately for Adolphui, bit friends heard the rejoinder, and he it not likely soon to hear the last of hit passage with the beautiful Jewess. The Bitbb Bit.-A butcher in a Yorkehii, port displayed hit depth of acutenen in the fol lowing manner : The captain of a Prenoh vessel then lying in the river, who had proceeded to town for the purpose of purchasing some beef, accidentally visited the shop of the tradesman above mentioned. Business wat talked of freely, and the butcher and his customer became very friendly. The butcher whiipered something as to smuggled brandy. The Frenchman took the hint, and a barter wss agreed upon—tha ■t£u '! he*i for tbe -P-^chman's brandy. Ihe beef was tent on board at once, and it was •greed that the brandy ihould be fetched away by night. At dinner that day the butcher ap peared io delighted that his wife enquired what was the cause of bit joy. •« Why," says he, I've bartered beef for brandy with a Frenchman, and "J**- 1 of going to fetch the brandy, I'll get £50 for informing the Custom-house officers of the affair; and at the same time I told the captain I would take the brandy away, I'll take the officers with me and make a seizure." " Ay, that will be a ttoouing trick," replied she. Ac cordingly, at the appointed time of night, the butcher and the oflic-en ttarted for the vesseL but behold, the Frenchman, vessel, beef, and all had disappeared. 