, STOW MEMOKIAi CHURCH. ; .; On .TueBday, March 26V a double;£etebratinji .took^ plaoe rat 4h»:abo»e^ chnrah.-. iJmthe After-: noon jthe foundation-stonb-rf the BchDokoomin. jconnocHenwith that -place of worship was laid ?by ; $h& Eev. C. B. Byrnes, B. A., and in -the evening there-was a tea and public meeting to; welcome the reverena-^estleman-KS tbe . new: ;:pastor. In the afternoon there. wasa^Hmsider able fgaiiieriog -i-f Mr. SyinesTsi owju&wk; and friends from other congregations, both Inde pendent and vof- other -j denominations.- -At r4i o'clock, the hour; appointed^ forn laying the fouadaiionrstone, theira were present iheiiffvs. C.B.Symas,^^ J,Jeff«ris,liL.B.,Ohe^thamJ Hall, C;v-Manth0rpejI'ergusson, Hodge, Harcus, Howie, and rKicbollsi nCongregatibnal ; Jievs. - Lyall and Henderson, Presbyterian?^. Mead and Or. Prince; Baptist. Ahymngivenout by the Rev. . H. Cheetham having been- sung, Mr. C. Wylde read the following copy of a docu ment, placed under the stcme with neirs* papers, coins, &c; :— : 'This document io placed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for a school room in connection with the Stow Congrega tional Church. The stone is laid by the Eev. C. B. Symee, B.A., on the 26th day of March; 1872, in the 35th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Hon. .Sir James Fergnsson, Baronet, beiag Governor of the Province ; the Revs. H. ? Cheetham, M. 5. Hodge, and C. Manthorpe taking part in the ceremony. : The erection of the .edifice is undertaken by the Church and congregation now assembling in the Stow Con gregational Church, the Rev. C. B. Symes, B.A., being Pastor; Henry Giles, Alexander Hay, Horace Dean, D. Adamson. L. Grayson, M. Goode being deacons. 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' The Committee -under whose supervision the building is erected, consists 'of Rev. G. B. Syme?, B. A., Adam Adamson; David Adamson, Joseph Barlow, Talbot . Baines Bruce, B. N. Conigrave, Samuel : Davenport, Horace Dean, George P. Doolette, W. T. Flint, Henry Giles, Lawrence Grayson, Matthew Goode, Alexander Hay, James Hill, Wil'lam Johnston, W. Nevr bould, William Palmer, T. S. Read, Robert Stuckey, George White, Charles Wylde ;- archi- tect, .James . Camming ; builders, Brown and Thompson.' ' - - ' ' ' = ; The Bev. C B. Stmeb then laid the stone with the usual formalities, and addressed the assemblage. : He said he hid -no doubt the cere mony they had just witnessed: appeared some what unreal, 'as the' work of laying- the stone, even to the final balancing of it, was really done by others. He only hoped there would be more that was real and earnest in the work carried on in that building when- Completed. He hoped it would be so constructed as to stand the test of years and 'the storms of many seasons. More than that, he hoped there would : be an-earnest spirit animating what was done within those walls. He felt that the work they had to do there was real, and there was nothing vagos and hazy in their views and objects. Their work lay before them clear and distinct. Those who would be engaged in -teaching the young in that building were a body of earnest men and women, who threw their heart and eoul into the work. He hoped that as the stones of the old temple' were hewn and fitted iat» that beautiful struc ture, so their souls would be built up bo as to take their place in that glorious temple not made with hands. That was scarcely the time for an exposition of their doctrinal views. The church -in the evening would be a more fitting time and place, but still the principles and views of those who trained up youth must have a great influence over them ; so he would briefly notice those opinions. They were Inde. pendents or Congregationalists, ho' ding the truths of the Gospel of Christ*, and -they would have those doctrinal truths- instilled into the minds of their children. They believed that man was rained byr the fall, and that he was saved by faith in Christ by virtue of the atone ment. - They believed in the atonement, and in the Holy Ghost infusing a new nature andrnew life into the souL Those were the cardinal truths they should try to instil into the minds of the children— rthat they were xuined by the fall, re-, deemed by Jesus Christ, -and sanctified by the Holy Spirit. They had also their peculiar views as Independents, believing every man respon sible-, to' God alone, and neither to. -Pope nor prelate. They held that every Church should be independent of every other body. They believed it had a right to arrange its own form of worship, choose its own officers j and manage its own affairs, and that it was advisable generally that each. Church should exercise that sight. They believed in entire independence of the'- civil power. As. their, youth grew up they hoped they would share in those views,- 'but above all things that they would' believe in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. In teaching their lit le ones, they would try. to invest religious truths with interest and fascina tion, so that as they grew up their memories of passages and -traihs of Holy Writ might bis. associated with their ' pleasantest recollections: of former years. Next he hoped that, having interested them, they would succeed in earnestly impressing them, with the cardinal truths of the Gospel. : He hoped they would be benefited by the personal influence of their teachers at that period when their young minds were like inolten metal — ready .to take the shape into; which «ach good influence might form, it, - He believed -in ' the power. of personal influence to promote- the spiritual well-being of the young. . '.For jsuch objects he asked the sympathy of those pre sent. It was, late - in the day ; to vindicate Sabbith-schools— God had blessed them for a hundred years. They asked His blessing, r-nd thev asked for tha prayers of His neenle -who worshipped in that sanctuary, and they might fairly .claim the interest of others; They ..had 200 schelars in tbat school, and 100 at the branch school in another part of the town, so that they . might fairly j claim the sympathy and the practical help of their fellow Christians. While they; looked to one another for help and sympathy^ , he trusted God above all would pour His blessing upon their efforts. They expected that God would grant Mb bless ng, they expected to see children trained,within those walls to nil positions of influence and usefulness in the Church ; they expected to see children led to tread in the footsteps of Christ. Nothing; less would satisfy those who labored there. He hoped the Church at large would see good cause to bless the work there in years to come. : . r r . The Her. C, Mahthobpb then gave a brief address,' tendering the sympathy of sister Churches with that work. . 'They felt that a church was not complete -without the Sabbath scho3l, and for that there must be accom modation, and he . had bean told how much that had .been needed in connection with that Church. They should striye io ? : secure-.; or retain ? their: -elder; echolars, and for that1 they must have accommodation and separate classes. No doubt there; were those whojwere; ready to gather young people around 'thenx, for. they nught be led astray if no one looked after vtheia, Thejr sympathy with that work should be practica!, ajid fee, hoped it would be so. The Stow Church and the Free man-street Church had helped many others in past days. Ihere were very ^few not indebted to the parent Church, and they would only be properly grateful if they returned that' libe rality and sympathy. ? The Rev.' -M. H. Hodge then engaged in' prayer, and the Doxolbgy and Benediction' brought the proceedings to a close. : The following is a description of th9 school room—The building, is of Gothicdesign. The*x» : teriortakfea the form --of a church, havinga, nave and side aisles. The centra', portion* is a lecture hall, 68 feet long by _,^6 feet wtde, and 28 feet; high, seated for upwards *f 493' peEsbnSi and'' furnished wife a platform -abd ;«aBes jfor 1,bV flchobl libraTy, ft will bfi.lijghtcd by SS clerestory windowsj. which can also' oe^bpened fco-ssiBfr tfie ventUatibni, - A- Wries' of doors loir-each: side of { the^iaH. cpea into --tibte vaflrio'us ^asst^ootnFl ?'? Coaiinittee Tobmi -waiting ro6m', idftiheii; ifce.-; '. which 'ifHI' be '-Sited coinpleia under the same 'i contract. ^The -exterior is- ;of ; Glen 'O3inbnd BfcdHJf, with 'dressings of freestone and whifca and^eolored biicVs. The whbleTrork, including an.\exfejjsionJ of - the shod ^accommodation,- .for : vehicles, forming footpaths, watertabling, &o.v; is OOntttwted f or byMessrs. Brown &Thomp-; sonrat £1,889. *-. ??;?:???!- ?-;:-.--.-*--rv- THB'SVaiHIKQ; - ? ? ? In the evening, tea and public meetings were held in the Church, which was very handsomely decorated with' flowers 'and evergreens, the word 'Welcome' being displayed in -flowers on the organ' gallery. jA-t each meeting the attendance was large, and 'comprised many representatives of sister Churches^ as. well as those of other de nominations. The ilfsv. 0. W.' Evan, B. A., late pastor of Stow Church, presided, and there were also upon the platform the Revs. C. B. Symes, and numerous other reverend- gentle- men.'- /.^e_prpceed*inigs Shaving been opened withTsinging- and^rayer,; ' ; The CHAiBMAir,'. who. was very cordially received, . remarked ?? that, notwithstanding he was present at some personal incon venience, he was glad to be able to be there under the circumstances in which they were met. The last time he stood upon that platform, he took part in a valedictory meeting, about 12 months ago, and he. felt that since then th i talents required in the position he occu pied that evening had become somewhat rusted, and he doubted his ability almost' to make even a short speech. Being there as their former pastor, by merely introducing the Bev. Mr. Symes, lie should doubtless have given sitisf ac- tion, ' He gladly united with the members of the Church 'in according a Very hearty wel come to Mr. Symes, and b.e should ever look upon his labors with interest, and iusEuceeBs would ever, be' a source' of gratifica tion to hiin. ' That meeiirig being a welcome to JSt. Symes, was a fulfilment of ltheir; many desires. When the pastorate became vacant it was necessary they should seek for a pastor to occupy that position. ; His own belief wa? 1ihat they should s^nd to England for a, ' minister, whilst it wasi3U^geste& by* others ; that ^bh'ey should look .roubff- the xolonies for one. Doubtless there'were many T^ho were capable of filling the pnsitiba, but he urged against the suggestion, , that it would be taking the h'sad away from some other Church. He therefore suggested that they should look to: England for a /supply. He was glad to think that Independency was becoming more elastic and catholic in its' character. Having decided upon sending Ito England for a minister, their thoujghtB^were naturally directed towards their old friend the Rev. Thomas Binney, whose assistance Vas obtained in the selection. :- It had been said that Mr. Binney was the Arch feishop of Independency, and. certainly if that' title were recognised amongst them, he knew no man more' able to occupy' that position; and vit was . graHfying.' tp note that Mr. ?'Binney— who was lihe' minister by whom th^Rev. T. Q. Stow, who had beBn? 3.8 years pastor . of the Church, and: himself ; who occupied the position for a .period of 15 years, were'TecommendeStaf the ?phurch— ^-was ; still ^ spared to send out' another minister to them. In jbhis last selection the co-operation ?of the Eev. Mr, Hannay and the Rev. Mr.; Allan ' was^ obtained. V Their friends in: England were | iiotr bbuiid by instructions, bui were' sufficiently conversant with , their cirr cumstances,' and /were aware that, the position: being an important one, it was desirable that the -minister selected should be' no novice. - The issue was that Mt Symes was amongst' them,' and he had no doubt he weuld vindicate -the 'selection.' -'He tTustetl that ail :tha1i1iad:. beeh done had.been done with divine sanction, and he hoped that ; through Mr. Symes's ministry the Church might grow in grace, in telligence,1 and charity. He : looked upon the' position Mr. Symes was called upon to occupy as a noble and responsible one, and one in the ocpupatSon. o!f wMchj he. hoped, he would re-; ceive that. co-oparation and encouragement that lie ought. It would not be in his power to give, much aiid. to Mr. Symes, but -no one would' mere deeply sympathise with Tiim, or take a ; deeper interest in the progress of -the Church -than he should do. (Applause.) : TheBev. C..B. ^tjiks, B.A., who was re ceived with applause, eaid lie would take the ?liberty of expressing, Jin t -3B name of the con igregaf ion, the pleasure it^gave to all hearts to 'see theB«v; Mr.;,Ev,«t ittihe'chair on that oc casion. They appreciaf.ed the sacrifice at which, he had come tpoccupy that position — the physi cal strain and suffering thereby occasioned ; and he, thought he~mighi; venture to say -the. mental pain which, through having been pastor for 13; jearp, he pwigt feel S? meeting his former people.' under the circumstances lie then did. He was sure he should cpmoience his work among them, ?with the sympathy and brotherly love of their; late paster, and it,. was his prayer that God might grant h- might reap some of tha fruit of the seied which , Mr. Bvan... had sown. He felt- the -position, he occupied to be one of delicacy, . becausia it made him make, almost the , burden . of his speech' personal, allusion ; but. it became him io state why he had accepted the p^st3rate Gf that Church. The invitation came to him when eh-, gaged in Plymouth, .England, and was con veyed through the Rev. 'Messrs. Binney;, Allan, and Hannay. On receiving the invitation he had ' no Idea of change, and it struck him with surprise. Alb first he felt very loth to enter tain it, but he could not help asking himself why God had allowed that invitation to come to him ; and he felt he must give up his 'own will in the matter, and be pruided' by Him.' With reference to the1 invitation, he wrote co one dear to him then and dearer now— (a laugh) —and received an answer that it seemed the voice of .Cfpdp and though it would, wouiid them deeply to leave their friends and England, by maMng ^the.sacriuce they,. would not be giving nothing to Christ. He communicated with those . through whom the invitation had reached him, ana leirned that they had. before applying to mm tried, two others^ both of them- men 'who , 'could' more', ably -and efficiently fill that position than himself; but they did not^see their' way clear to 'accept it, and it appeared to him, on that account, that he could not turn a deaf oar to the call with out beiag in rebellion. Those dearest to him regarded the matter in the same light as he did himself ; and,- loth as he was .M make the sacrifice, he felt he must comply with the invi; tation. The impoitince and difficulty of . the position seemed - to make him feel the more pressing nature of the .claim. He came there to preach as. simply, as lovingly, and as forcibly as he could the grei^t vital truths of the, Gospel .which had been; his comfort for many years and his stay in*, suffering and when he had thought himself near to death, and which would be . the, rest of iiis soul all .through Us earthly. ' pilgrimage, '.'; He. .had come to preach words which he was persuaded were the words of God ;( and in these days, 'when in spiration, because it wai miraculous, was cilled in question,'; it, became the,. Church to be very clear and emphatic iu its enunciation of that truth; '; (Applause.,).' ' inspiration was a miracle^ they cknew, (but if, they could iiot believe in miracles xhey^ could not belieVe in Christianity or* a I reyjBlaUo;nrf rom God at all; and' eo he.had. coine $ preach ; truth,, which he believed to be the Inspired Word of God— a Word concerning 'wMch it had been1 Said, 'Heaven1 'ana earlfch'niay pass away, but My Word shafl'kqJf;paBS away.' When hfe first heard of that Church, he enquired -wh4t Mnd of people they were, and 'whether they' would ?allow a man', ©f soniewli.at puritanical eym ?pathies to break bishearfc -; H^betiieygdiiiiifie vital truths of the Word — ia manes' naturally sinful .condition ; in I the 'full atonement of Christ on' beh«af, of the sins of the whole world ; . so ' -fiiat* ^iiow '^Baere was no hin 'drance to any 'accepting redemption excepting that ? found in Sieir own hear ' s ; sin'd : in the work of the'^Spirit 'in renewing th«» heaits of men^ and in fitting them for the fsHowship of the pure.^ These Were the cardinal truths which had- been'dearto htoi- ; and 'wouldbBitiia. theme of -his jninistry here. With'7 regard io- the p&torate;'hB 'felt *eYy-relubfcT«nt-tb a iy much cf what :he ^aS-goiBg'tb *e in relation to ?he pastoral life and wdrfc^'hfe would far rather that tha*. Bhould?revc illteelf Hti'the future. As r^rarded *heiradea'i-f what their pastor should bejhe .cotiJd-Jancyihey woulti like their .psstor 4o*fe yerf^iiifUl- jand-prayerf al in Ms pulpit ministrat5o»s ;'-4ihey -would 'Ike i i-n to hs not merely amin'-fcr ihe pulpit,.' fcut a inian for the horce— a roan hfiVing fellowship in the ex periences of- life ; they would hko to have a man 'with whom ;.tney couW feel— one who would share - their sorrows acd joys — one who would love their children, and draw them around him, and one who would associate with all their life -and work. The earnest worker would like a pastor to sympathise with his parti cular forms of work— one who would stand shoulder to shoulder with him in his work. They would like their pastor to be a man of broad and catholic sympathies — one who would take a delight in the work of God outside his ?own Church. Their old pastor would smile at the lofty standard raised, but he liked to have a lofty standard, in order that his inspi ration might be high. He had described an ideal pastor, to which ideal he should strive to rise, and, with the grace of God, to some ex tent, hoped to succeed. He did not believe a minister's work ended in the pulpit; there were other forms of labor in- which he anight engage. Respecting the duties of the Church and congregation, he would say that to reach the ideal which he had given there must be great forbearance and sympathy on the part of the people. He hoped to haVe friends rallying round him, that they might unitedly prosecute the work of God, for he Was, no more than their former pastor, the man for those who simply wanted a professional pastor. He asked them to excuse his attendance at evening parties and evening entertainments, but he should, he said, go into their homes, and move in and out amongst them. He wa.3 not going to ask them to give him their love and trust as he epjoyed the love and trust of the Church he had .left, and as their late pastor had had theirs. The verb to love had no imperative mood. It was the growth of time, and whilst it was growing he could not ask them to trust him with the truBt of experience, hut he could ask them to trust .him. with the trust of generous and prayerful charijy. Stand ing alone he, was .very feeble, .. but he hoped whilst he was spared to labor, it would, not be with any feeling, of -loneliness ; but' from the welcome he had received, he could not anticipate that they ware going to leave him to labor' alone. They would plea:se rally cordially and heartily around him. They must; join heart to heart, hand to hand, and in con nection with this work, he would ask every sec tion to . contribute: its ^share. . From those who. had been many years connected with ' the' Church, he asked counsel— asked them for sug gestions growing out of their experience, which, would be received as kindness, and most re speotfully, but they must not be pained 'if those suggestions were not always acted upon. They, would remember that a pastor had to balance the forces of life, so that no one section could . alwayB feel that its particular suggestions .and opinions were being car*, ried eut. He earnestly asked the coopera tion of old and young, and reminded them of the necessity of prayer, as there was no human power, no human emotion, that could accom plish God's work without the assistance of the HolySpirit. Might God send them prosperity ; and to this eud might -they all rise as the, heart of one man to give Him no rest day- 6r night JbplJEIe established and made Jerusalem a praise in the earth. (Applause. J ?.'''' The Rev. Jas. Jeffeeis, in. addressing .the Chairman, said it gave him very great pleasure to see him preside over, that meeting, and he thought he would feel that the sympathies of Ms fellow- ministers had been with him under the .circumstances in whichJhe had.been placed,- and that their prayers had been ^that God would restore him to those duties ^which inday3,of old he. had so ably /fulfiUed.', .His rising that evening was in coaipliince; with a request that he would, on behalf of the Churches he represented, offer a few words of welcome to. the Rev. Mr. Symes, and he was sure. in. that welcome, as had been, shown, Churches of other denominations, in the city anji suburbs .most heartily joined, and that it. was dis tance alone which .prevented somj of their friends from taking part' in the expresaiong of welcome that eveniDg. r The ministers in this; colony, he might, say, were, like a free-, jmasbnry, and to any minister holding similar views with themselves a most hearty welcome would be accorded, anl a prayerful hope be jfejt that he might be enabled to dq God's work, :As a miijister and a resident in the colony for ia long period, he might say that Sir, Symes 'had come to ,a new country, come to it, no nr- ever, finding muchof the life that he found in the old country— rthe same sort ; of ps.opjBj wifli the sime style of dress,' and ' the same kind of houses';; in fact, there, jvere ?very few differences that would be seen at first. He would. find the *ua a Tittle warmeri the landscape a little browner, and , the grass : hoppers a little more abundant than in the, old country:;, but' when he looked a little below the ; surface he would discover a.considerable altera tion, .and that/there were not such distinctions in. society, as in England, and /that Christianity was more disintegrated than in the old. country. ] He would also find that thought was freer aiid i more' daring— that there was t less adhesion to creed and less bowing to aufh'p'rity. With^.'tte experiences of his recent visit to Europe, he might- .say that he preferred life in '^Atis? tralia to life in England.- He liked ,the condi tion of society in Australia batter than in 'Hng- land, and he could say,- after 12 years' ex perience in one church here, that Mr. Symes could never have had more love in. Plymouth than he would have in .this colony, and amongst his . own people. '. At all events he could sijr personally thai he would not wislifor love more sincere than he met with herej oir helpers more earnest than those with, whom he worked. So that he trusted ,Mr. Symes's career w^uldbe a happy and a successful one and (extending the hand of wejeorn^ to Jilr. Symes). as .a minister and fellow-seicvanjt in Ghrist, he most cordially . welcomed him amongst them, (ipplause-) -- Mr. M. Goode, before the collection .was made, mentioned that upon the old church premises — which had been used as a^ehoobroom —being given »pi i% was neceasary that, .steps should be taken to provide fresh acoommoda d&tion.; Several irip.nds had -offered generous assistance if the ' Church would contribute ' liberally themselves. .- Having expressed his pJeasuro-at #eeing so many representatives, of other Churches present on such an .interesting ? occasion, he concluded with an appeal to -the meeting for their liberal assistanc. ?? --... ^ A collection realising £23 was then mide. The Rev. S. -Mead (Baptist) said he ^ had been asked;, to.;speak for a .few moments,^! bsing connected with. another section «f Christ's f Ohurchj in according a welcpms to Mr. Symes. '' It was«nly true what Mr. Jefferis hai^aid;in reference to the joy the Churches felt in the advent of Mr. Symes amongst theiii^ andr he : was thankful to see him in their midst. \\., He be lieved many hearts had been cheered by tie testimony already borne by Mr. Symes 'flince his, appearance amongst them ; and on behalf of his own Church; and congregation, he -gave him -a moat sincere and -hearty welcome,1 and trusted, that his ministrations might be a great blessing and power in the colony. Re ferring to the very friendly feelings existing amongst the different Churches, he remarked that he was very much . touched in hearing an earnest prayer-given utterance to on^he pre vious Wednesday evening in a , neighboring church for^Mr. Symes'a %uccesB. „ He trusted that his career would not oply.be helpful and stimulating; to Stow Church, but that other Churches might benefit Jjy bis aBsociation with them.. . : r- .£- .?;?? -:'»? -. .--.- -r.--, ' : '' _...-? . \ '?? The Rev- JamJes BsJHDgEsaN- (Presbyterian) desired to congratulate the. Church and congre gation upon the. .termination of a: long period of anxiety and ?suspense. . . He heartily rsjoicfid with, them in their present circumstances. He thought it was well sometimes that'ft Church should be left Twitheut its stated pastor, and he trusted that. : their season of anxiety and suspense would be very abundantly blessed to them. ? He: hoped their pastor would at all times recognise in them a peop'e who desired to grow in grace, and riae ;in Christian stature, being more desirous of spending - ^and being spent in the service of the Lord.. Mr. Symes, he would cay, should receive no warmer welcome from any Church than, from the Presbyterians. They had heard of Mr. Symes, and. he congratulated the Church on having secured such a pastor, and -he also. congratulated his ir.inisUriai brethren in haying with them one whose frosh energies; were likely to stimulate ihem in their work. , He rejoiced in the opportunity of extending a welcome to their ~ pastor, and it was his prayer that he might be guided by Divine power, and that his ministra tions might be abundantly blessed. The Rev. J. S. Wayland (Primitive Metho- dist) briefly addressed the ^meeting, expressing sympathy with the Church, and according a thorough welcome to Mr. Symes. He remarked upon the increasing friendliness of the various denominational Churches, and observed that there was now a tendency to break down the barrier of isolation which had surrounded them. The Bev.T. Pipee (Bible Christian), said-he was sure there would not be any dissent from the expressions of. sympathy ;iand ' welcome which had been uttered, and hi liopedVthat the results of Mr. Symes's labors;. would, be such that he might lopic^^^gonjihemjwftn grati fication and much joy. — ----: The Rev. Mr. STMB3, befpipjthe meetiBg was brought to a close, proposed' in' feeling terms a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr, Byan-fpr pre siding. In acknowledging the very kind ex pressions of welcome to himself-, he said he hoped: their sympathy would ever' receive a cordial response. 'j ' '';.. ' .' ' The motion was very heartily carried. , The Chairman, in acknowledging the com* pliment, again expressed the pleasure he felt in presiding. He had not had much intercourse with Mr. Symes, but he hoped hereafter that opportunities would be frequently afforded of meeting him. He congratulated him iippn arriving when the hot weather was nearly over, although perhaps he had' - expert enoed slightly what Australian . summers were. .. Wheii he jarrived in Australia it! was in the summer, ^and he cpuld . well re collect his experiences. He ^ also, thought the Rev. Mr. Stow, arrived in the summer, and that' during that period of the year, he .w.as engaged cutting reeds for the, .thatching; of the first church in; the colony.;. Since those days .they had made, great progress, and he trusted 'that they. would yet^further progress. ['[ ^ The proceedings, which had been of a most interesting character, then terminated. with the doxologK^and benediction. ~. D-*ring the. evening apologies for non-attendance, -were read from the Reys; J. C. McMichael t(Cdngregati6na3). J. Lyall (Presbyterian), j. ti. Parsons and H. Lambert (Baptists), and T. James and W. L. Sinks '(Wesleyans),- expressive of very cordial sympathy, and extending an earnest welcome to the Key. Mr. Symes. ; 