PROTESTANT CHURCHES VISITED. St. Bartholombw'.s, Pyrmont. Founded upon a rock, both literally .and sjiirit- ually, is the church whose name heads this p.ax)er. A jirettier little building we have not yet visited, and it affords us groat iileasure to h.ave to spe.ak favourably of it in every respect. It strongly reminds one of a village church in the Old Country, for it xiossesses over its com munion t.able, the table of the Law as set forth in the xx. cluqder of Exodus, the Belief, and the Lord's Prayer. The reading desk and puljiit are on the northern .and southern sides of the ch.ancel ; and .altogether, this little church liresents a most pleasing - contrast to some of more extensive projiortions. The .acting minister is the Rev. Charles H. Rich, Minor- C.anon of St. Andrew's C.athcdr.al, .and it is gr.atifying to find the church exceedingly well filled by .an attentive and reverential congrega tion. The evening service was the one we attended, .and .'imong the various churches we have hitherto noticed, in none have we found the musical portion of the service more c.arefully or devotionally gone through. The h.armonium is jilayed by a young lady, in a manner which might he very advant.ageously imit.ated by some occupying a simil.ar position in other churches. The music is selected from Mercer's Collection. The singing w.as also uniformly good, .and as the choir .attenqited nothing they did not sing well, the result was pleasing and satisfactory in every respect. The pr.ayers were offered up by the Rev. Air. Rich in th.at careful, earnest man- . ner which always m.arks his rendering of the liturgy, .and the IcH ons were read by him in a distinct .and intelligible manner, betokening at once his own re.alization of the subject, and the desire to impart its meaning to his hearers. The Ps:dms .arc not chanted :it tliis church. The attention of the congreg.ation to the sendee itself is very marked, .and evidences much .axipireciiition of its beauty and holiness. The reverend minister selected for the, subject of his sennon the distinct xicrsonality of the third person in the ever . Blessed. Trinity.; He made constant and special reference to the evident recognition of the persoiuility of the Holy Ghost through hoth the Old and New Testaments. He m.aintaincd with much clear ness, th.at the advent of the Holy Ghost was .almost as plainly specified throughout the Old Testament as that of bur Saviour himself, forti- fying every .assertion with strong biblic.al jiroof., He urged th.at to deny tlie being of the third lierson in the Godhead, , was quite as erroneous :as to deny the existence of Christ himself, and that .as everything coiinected with the work of our redemiition w.as of .a gradually qn'ogi-essive character, so the comiiig'of the Holy Glibst was, , ,as it were, gi-adually prepared for by our blessed .Lqrih .and,.,the eventu.'il advent of the Holy . Spirit on the 'Day df . Pentecost, comxdetely fid- 'filled all that had been set forth concerning him. The jir caching of the Rev. Mr. Rich is always plain .and unemotipii.al, but never monotonous, . le.'iving the" impression that he could make all- he I s.ays-much more elfecti've were he but to iuqiart a little more w.armth of manner into his style of delivery. - On 'the occasion Of which -we .are sxieakiiig, the reverend .gentleman w.as ertdently- labouring under a cold, .and ajqje.ared someiHiat. fatigued throughout the service — a cireuinstance not to be wondered at when we remember the arduous duties, he luid fulfilled ;j)revipua to his raiuistr.ation at St. Bartholemew's. . i' ; 